Steve was quiet a moment before he tweaked a small, slightly embarrassed smile, and he scratched the back of his head and said, "Because I may have gone a little too overboard—"
Tony arched an eyebrow. "You know what a box of shitty sparklers goes for?"
is could you
Tony made a left and pulled onto the main drag. "You can close that window, you know."
have a slight issue with being reckless—"
DUM-E whirred and beeped and nudged at Steve's hand with his claw, and Steve laughed and said, "He's like a dog. Did you program him this way?"
After two hours of Steve going on and on about everything that supposedly ranked lower on the scale of importance to him than Tony, Tony struggled to his feet from where he sat beside Steve on the couch and found his way back to the bathroom. It had been a while since he'd showered, and he thought one might do him well, so he grabbed some clothes and closed the door and turned the shower on.
"Oh, Tony," she said with a laugh as she reached out and stroked his hair.
"Yeah, well, I'd really rather not chance Steve's ghost coming to stare at me in disappointment because I didn't do a good enough job of getting you to take better care of yourself. So, please? Do it for me? So Steve's ghost goes and bothers someone else?"
"It wasn't anything like that. It was just… You know sometimes, even now, it still feels like…That stuff only happened a few years ago for me. It's been decades for everyone else."
"Possible? Like I said, I know this all seems kind of far-fetched for you even with all the crazy shit the Red Skull and Hydra got up to during the war, but trust me, there will come a time when this won't even be a drop in the weirdness bucket for you. You will not even blink at leading a group of ill-matched idiots comprised at various times of a god; a giant, green rage-monster; a couple of spies; an ex-assassin; a couple airmen — who are, no questions asked, the most normal of the group; a witch; an android; and an egotistical mechanic, among others. I know it sounds crazy, but trust me, if anyone can handle it, you can. I know people consider me the smart one and you the cute one, but to be perfectly honest, I don't think I could have done what you had to do and still have my wits about me."
"What? No, Steve, what are you looking at? What's over there?"
," she said with a slight shake of her head. "I
You know, maybe Steve's insistence on Tony not going out much was a blessing in disguise? He motioned to Steve. "Steve won't let me out of the building."
He tilted his head back, bearing his neck, as he fell over the precipice, one hand clutching tight to the back of Steve's head while the other held fast to the one hand on his belly. He moaned, downright moaned like the wanton and debauched creature he was, and breathed out Steve's name like a prayer, and he let out a little cry as Steve came inside of him, the warmth flooding him, and against his better wishes—
He balled up the wrap and tossed it aside, and Thor frowned a little and said, "I am sorry. I thought for certain I had heard our friend Bruce discuss the fact that your body does not age in the same way as your fellow Midgardians — a product of the potion that gave you the physical strength and endurance that you were not born with."
"You don't
Tony sputtered a few non-words then said, "Hypothetically."
One hand braced and holding the baby, Steve leaned forward a little and brushed his lips against the back of her head as he reached out his other hand and pressed the cutter into the dough, and Olivia made a 'baa!' sound and slapped her hands on the countertop, presumably in an attempt to get at the dough.
"Yeah, that twenty-four-hour cycle of fundamentalist assholes preaching for you to repent your ungodly ways while I burned in hell is kind of burned into my memory."
"Wouldn't happen to know where it is, by any chance?"
"Not your problem to fix," he said then kissed her cheek and got out of the car. He went over to the elevator for the personal floors and pressed the button, and he saw that Happy was waiting there, presumably to make sure he got onto the elevator OK, but Tony…really needed to lock those garage doors before he could go anywhere, and he motioned for Happy to leave. Happy put down the window and called out, "Just wanna make sure you get on OK, ex-boss."
Hands still enjoined, Tony finally allowed Steve to meet his gaze, and Steve saw then years of hurt and pain clouding those gorgeous brown irises. Tony had always marveled at the beauty of Steve's eyes, but Steve had never seen it. No, to him, Tony's eyes were the most beautiful things he'd ever seen: dark, mesmerizing, soft and warm when he was happy and hard and piercing when he'd been crossed, and lined with inky black lashes that looked like they had been done up with five coats of mascara but were just naturally that way. Steve had gladly stared at those eyes for hours, memorized their every curve and crinkle, sketched them, painted them, and dreamt about them. Tony was a gorgeous man inside and out, but for Steve, it was the eyes that did it every time.
They showered, and Steve was very good about washing all the muck off of Tony, running the cloth over his body and murmuring about how well he'd done and how good he was, and Tony just leaned into his touch and let him, loving the feel of his fingers as he massaged the shampoo into his scalp.
"It's wasn't
But she just smiled at them and blinked slowly, dark lashes swooping down and casting shadows over her cheeks.
"You're trying to get rid of me, aren't you?"
"OK," he said and pressed a kiss against the crown of her head as he scrolled down the webpage.
"Yeah, huh," Tony said, wishing he had the energy to snap out,
"—a bunch of assorted ones all clamoring for the power and prestige and to finish what the Red Skull's original band of merry pranksters couldn't."
,” Fury growled. “And now to the future…Are you renacting those Goddamn 80s movies?”
were dead.”
Steve smiled at Tony and cautiously stepped up to him and slyly teased, “It seems you are more of the stalker here.”
They used the van, toted by Iron Man, to fly to the hidden location.
“Don’t talk like that, Peter,” his father commanded from the other side of the room. His face was ashen white and his voice trembled as he replied, hearing the deeper meaning to Peter’s prior words, “
Steve was home.
“It’s – we’re done?” Steve gasped, amazed by the fluidity of the hearing. He expected to be there longer than a few minutes.
Peter shook his head and said, “I don’t think that thing would have ever cohabited. Don’t live with what ifs, Eddie…The symbiote is gone. There’s no going back.” He grasped his friend’s arm and stated, “We’ll restart our experiment and make a bio-shield that will help its wearer, not harm…”
Peter nodded, unable to speak.
But life was short and Steve was not going to waste it pining after something he could never have. He figured God had other plans for him and he was fine with it.
Steve returned the embrace and pressed his forehead to Tony’s as he promised, “There’s no need. I told you I wouldn’t leave you like that again. It’s a promise. I’m here for good. As long as you’ll have me that is.”
Tony’s eyes became glassy and he gasped, “If you are bonded to Venom and keep killing th-then we will have t-to – SHIELD will –.”
He was attracted to freakin’ Captain Steve Rogers of the goddamn 20th Century.
“Agent Ridges can show you,” Coulson said, nodding to one of the scientists. Bruce hurriedly went over to the man’s side and they were instantly drawn into a discussion about the super solider serum. Because of his interest, Bruce wasn’t timid or overly cautious with the stranger like he usually was and it made Tony’s chest tighten with happiness and pride. Bruce was usually so afraid of himself that he rarely opened up to others so easily.
“No…Not that I know of,” Steve replied with a small smile. Steve looked to Tony expectantly and Tony sighed heavily.
Steve sighed heavily, taking her words to heart. This had gone too far. They should have stopped at part one but…Steve just wanted his friends to be happy. But maybe somethings were not meant to be. He agreed, “You’re right. I promise, Natasha. We will stop.”
She loved him but was scared of losing him and irrationally angry with him for being an American because he might leave her because of what the Academy had done to him. She imagined him associating her with the Academy and it made her ill.
! It is not like that!!”
“Oh, my God,” Peter gasped, clutching him tighter. “Wade –?! What did it do to you?!
Steve caught his breath first and was so happy that all he could do was smile at Tony.
“And then when he fought us last year he still did not recognize me BUT he recognized
Only an hour before he witnessed his fiancé disappear into a dark void, carrying a nuclear device and a very slim chance at survival.
magazine, adamantly talking.
Tony spun around to leave and look for his husband but paused upon Mary’s retort.
“Yes, Master Rogers,” Jarvis confirmed. “He currently lives in Queens with his aunt, May Parker.” All the images from the ceremony but one disappeared from the wall and that single image grew to encompass the entire wall. It was of Peter and an older woman with brown hair, streaked with grey, who Tony recognized as the wife of Tony’s eldest cousin, Ben Parker.
Peter didn’t know what to do with himself. He couldn’t look at social media or the internet without being bombarded by the news about being the Stark illegitimate son. He wasn’t ready to look at any of it just yet. Maybe in a couple of days…just not now…
Tony was smiling widely as they all moved in unison. It was the same big, happy smile he wore when Steve first suggested he join the Commandos and it made Steve’s chest burst with pride. Being with Steve and his team made Tony look like that. A similar smile split Steve’s lips and he purposely didn’t look over to Bucky, knowing he’d probably be making a face in response to Steve’s smile.
“No – I mean…wow, Tony…You just…wow,” Steve gasped, staring at him strangely.
Steve crushed his eyes closed to stop the uncontrollable tears that instantly welled up. He thought he was getting a hold of it but it was the little things that always seemed to break him. He stopped the tears but he could not hid his shudders from Tony. His husband reaffirmed his grip on Steve. It was his way of letting Steve know he was there for him. Only when he trusted himself to speak, did Steve gasp, “He loved you, Tony. You got to hear him call you ‘Dad’ at least…”
Wade hadn’t been able to sleep a wink. He and the rest of the Avengers spent the night searching the city to no avail. Venom could be anywhere by now. They were too slow. The trail had grown cold and now they were looking for a needle in a haystack the size of the world…Wade had lost him…
They came quickly and collapsed into the mattress, gasping for breath. Tony curled himself against Steve’s chest and pressed his ear to his chest. Steve’s heart was beating quickly but the fact that Tony could hear it still brought him ease. It had since Steve joined him in the real world and he could actually hear and feel it beat.
The super soldier heard his words and relaxed slightly as he lowered his shield. Rogers’ rage over nearly watching his friend being murdered in front of him melted away with the explanation and clarity dawned in his eyes.
“That’s right, jerk,” Tony happily replied and bittersweet memories of Bucky and Steve’s playful bickering came to mind. He got to his feet and said, “If we’re not going to walk down memory lane then let’s look over your arm and get it off of you before you start to prune. Pepper will bring us some grubs and then we can all discuss your living arrangements for the foreseeable future, alright?”
“You should start cleaning yourself,” Tony suggested hoarsely.
The judge nodded and continued, “Very well, if the prosecution presents valid evidence then the trial will go on and you will have the right to request a trial by judge or jury.”
He had to stop him. He would not let them take control again. He charged Natasha and ripped the gun from her hands and then leapt into the hallway before she could stop him.
” touch. Steve’s fingertips dug low onto his hip bone and his thumb pressed deeply into the flesh of lower back. Tony had felt this touch before from numerous past lovers.
“Boys, stop fighting,” Agent Coulson murmured dryly over the comm. “What’s the situation like over there?”
His entire body was shaking with energy.
Thank you for all the comments, kudos, and numerous hits so far! This fic has been an emotional rollercoaster and is finally coming to a close! :)
“With a name like Sinister Six, I’m not too worried,” Tony snorted.
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony groaned, “I would have left you the first night had I known that…and we don’t know if that’s the case!”
“Only if I get to help you too,” Steve replied without missing a beat.
Tony continued, “I’m self-destructive while you are this kind, wholesome person engineered to be perfect. On top of that I’m vain, I’m an alcoholic, I’m nearly twice your age, I dedicate more time to my inventions than people, and –.”
“Yash,” his soulmate replied, handing Steve a plastic wrench.
had a home but…”
Wade cupped the back of his neck and muttered, “I’m good, baby boy. I’m a mutant, remember? These scratches are nothing.” And Peter could see it. Wade was healing before his eyes but the fear and disgust were still there.
As he was turning over the scrambled eggs, he heard Tony mumble from behind him, “What are you? A Disney prince?”
Wade grinned at him but pressed one more kiss onto Peter’s lips and sat up on Peter’s waist. Peter dragged his hands down Wade’s sides until they latched onto his hips and he held tight, not wanting his boyfriend to move.
Tony shrugged and said, “I’ve been doing stuff –
“What can I say?” Tony said with a sly grin. “When a hot, naked man calls me handsome I take notice.”
Steve smiled that dazzling smile of his and whispered, “I almost forgot what you sounded like when you were turned on…”
Natasha ran to her friend’s side and lightly called, “Steve?”
Steve expected Tony to reply via Jarvis, instead, the billionaire called Steve’s cell phone not a moment later. The phone vibrated in his pocket and Steve grinned upon feeling the sensation. He smiled warmly at Tony’s name on the screen then answered it.
Steve crossed the room and gently pulled Tony back into his embrace. He whispered, “He said he wanted to talk to me about the Avengers, about SHIELD, and yes, about you. He sounds scared, Tony… but we’re lucky he’s reaching out to us.”
Peter didn’t kill him.
The blue light from the reactor shined through Tony’s shirt and was a familiar security for Steve to take comfort in.
Sorry for all the delay for this last chapter! It is finally here and it's HUGE! So much time continuum to squeeze in...so little time.
“The most secure location will probably be with the time machine itself,” Peggy stated, interrupting his thoughts. “We have a full battalion there and the fort is secured. It would be more dangerous for the suit if it was stored in one of the 107
Tony tensed in surprise then awkwardly returned the hug and whispered, “I promise, Steve. I won’t let anything happen to him.”
Tony picked up his head and lifted his wet eyes from his hands.
“I don’ wan’ any,” Peter whispered morosely into Steve’s chest. Steve dropped his gaze to his son and his heart constricted.
The first thing Steve saw downstairs were the bears. The
He should have locked down the lab too.
“I am picking up radio frequencies but the communications I am picking up are odd,” Jarvis continued.
Rogers sighed and said, “Truthfully, because I made him.” Peter felt his brows rise uncontrollably. He was not expecting that answer. Rogers continued, “He promised your parents that he would never reach out to you or them and he kept his word. He did not even know your parents were dead until the day after your latest birthday. He was afraid of how you would react…He puts on a tough exterior but on the inside he’s the softest of us all.”
As soon as they got word the Captain was with Stark, Fury knew he had to detain both men for questioning now he had one unconscious and another had just shot at him.
Tony never really considered Steve would be affected so emotionally and –
“It’s crushing him!” Tony hissed, “I need to know how to get this off now!”
“…If a machine can learn to love a boy as her own then maybe there is such a thing as a soul…maybe I have one too and there is a heaven waiting for me too…” Her gaze flickered and her mouth twitched into a small smile as if she found what she said funny. Mary looked back to him, looking more human than most people he knew, and asked, “Are you ready?”
"Yes," Tony corrected him as he looked pointedly at Steve. "Yes, you did."
He let himself consider the possibility that Steve was dead and, for the first time in his life, he was able to feel that essence that most must have equated to a soul because he felt like it was being torn to shreds at the thought of losing Steve in such a way.
Cable tilted Cap’s face toward his chest so the infamous Captain America fanboy wouldn’t get a good look and replied, “He is no one.”
Coulson let go of him and did just that. The phone barely rang before Coulson was talking, “Sir, I have a man claiming to have Level Nine clearance but not be a part of SHIELD…” Cable held out his hand and Coulson murmured, “And here he is…”
Steve cupped his neck and whispered, “We WILL talk about this.”
Peter’s heart skipped a beat when he felt the hot tongue inside of him. His hands dug into Wade’s flesh a little tighter and his breath seized. He didn’t know how to respond. His first incoherent thoughts were:
“Which is why I called you. What do we do?”
“Hem hem,” broke Peter free from his haze. He looked to the front of the car where a red-faced Happy was watching them from the car’s middle mirror. With Peter’s attention on him, Happy asked, “Where to Sirs?”
So, yes, Tony was jealous but he prayed Steve would never have to experience what he had to. Tony had long since learned to let it roll off him but he doubted Steve could easily do the same.
The monster was already responsible for over a dozen deaths. If they or SHIELD could not contain him then the only other option was to destroy him.
Tony’s heart beat wildly against Steve’s chest and he grabbed onto Steve’s sides with a tight grip. They both pressed their faces into each other’s neck to protect their eyes from the sparks and burning light. When the Commandos retaliated with their own fire, the Hydra soldiers were forced to stop shooting and hunker down. The firing stopped and the two of them were finally able to breathe.
“Our first date,” Steve instantly replied.
It would be 16 years, 10 months, 12 days, 6 hours, 5 minutes, and 14 seconds until he met his soulmate.
Tony clapped his arm again and tried a different route. “Alright, let’s start this over. We started out with an unconventional beginning. Hi, I’m Tony Stark and you knew my dad when he was younger than me. How about we sit down and we talk, starting from the day your plane went down?”
“Come here, beautiful,” Tony whispered, holding his hand out to Steve.
“You have been ignoring my phone calls,” she retorted.
“And I have someone else with me who’d like to thank you for being here,” Tony said, and he turned to hold his hand out to Steve.
“Me neither but they’re around for a reason,” Tony retorted, his voice also a degree lower. He began to rhythmically stroke Peter’s soft hair and his boy’s eyes began to flutter.
“Tell me everything you remember. Then tell me what you want to ask her and I will do it,” Steve promised, leaning forward with excitement. This was nothing like he had expected their conversation to go. They both felt similarly and there was no heartache between them.
Steve didn’t seem to mind the extra shadow and helped Tony out wherever he could.  Most importantly, he didn’t steal Tony’s small ration of candy.
Steve grinned and promised, “You have a deal!”
“My bike?”
Something blanketed his throat and he coughed to clear it and blood splattered his screens. He was hurt…hurt bad…
“I—,” Steve began to say then flushed. He closed his eyes, unable to take the intensity of Tony’s dark eyes, and hissed, “I need you to touch me, Tony…”
Tony laughed and kicked off his shoes. Steve copied the move and Tony replied, “That’s the whole point.” Steve’s eyes widened and his mouth popped open. Tony stared at him with heated eyes as he commanded,” Jarvis, lights at thirty percent and play that music I selected earlier.”
help him with his burgeoning homosexuality?
“I say twenty minutes,” Clint stated, stepping up to them in a sharp purple suit from the crowd with Natasha at his side.
“Hello boys,” she replied with a small wryly smirk.
He heard Tony’s jeans slide off and he snapped open his eyes to catch his first glance of Tony stripped bare. Tony was not wearing anything beneath his jeans. Once loosened, the jeans fell easily off his hips and he stepped out of them. His cock jutted up, long and hard with a pebble of precome leaking out of the tip. The course hair that led down to his cock was dark black whereas Steve’s was light blonde. Steve could not help but wonder if it was courser and wanted to run his fingers through it. Steve blushed at the thought and dug his fingers deeper into the sheets.
Once his zipper was totally down and his clothed erection was peeking out from the parting in his pants, Tony’s fingers hooked under his slacks and boxer briefs. Tony licked his lips, inhaled slowly, and met Steve’s eyes. Keeping his gaze steady and unflinching from Steve’s, Tony pulled the final layers of his clothes away, sinfully slowly.
“I want to kiss you again,” Tony stated and fear raced through Steve. He stared incredulously at Tony and slowly shook his head.
To those of you who are just joining, buckle in!
Steve smiled in return and hunched over to collect his son in another hug. He whispered, “Thank you, I feel all better…I love you, Peter.”
“Please, Tony,” he whispered.
Tony paused and he smiled suddenly as he flushed from his praise. Tony said, “It’s no problem, Cap.”
He also didn’t feel like talking to his parents. Call it latent teenage angst or justifiable anger but he was still angry by what his father had done, even if it was to protect him. Internally, he knew he was overreacting and he’d berate himself later for his temper tantrum. But, at that moment, he knew he wasn’t going to go back out there. He wanted to be alone.
Steve smiled and said, “It’ll be your first time all over again. You get to awkwardly relearn everything! It’s scary. I know. One of the scariest moments in my life was my first date with your father. I was scared of his experience, of openly being gay for the first time in my life, and I was scared of allowing someone into my heart after guarding it for so many years…Love is scary but it’s also rewarding.”
Steve lowered the toy and met Tony square in the eye as he said the statement he had been waiting to say to him all day.
Tony was clearly no longer talking about Wade and Peter. Steve turned back to him stared deeply into Tony’s eyes and carded his fingers through Tony’s hand as he clenched it more securely. He promised, “As will I…”
Jarvis remained silent and Steve felt the breath freeze in his throat. Something was not right.
“This is the opposite of help!” Tony hissed and sat himself up fully to better meet Steve’s eyes. He refused to look at his father and this position was better to avoid his gaze. Tony continued, “I fixed the initial problem! I have done
Steve leaned into Bucky as he led him into the kitchen. Bucky was berating him, but Steve couldn’t stop smiling. He thought he was never going to have this again…to have Bucky again – to have him lecturing again. Bucky sat him on a stool and started to clean off his feet and stared down at the top of his head. This was really Bucky. Steve’s breath hitched and a few tears slipped past his eyes.
Tony fell back into the pillows and held out the phone to Steve and stated, “My boyfriend is one sexy beast.”
Black tendrils began to wildly hit the ceiling, looking for the speakers to destroy them just as the symbiote had done with Peter. Steve could clearly read Venom’s intentions. The symbiote planned to destroy the speakers, keep control, eat whatever Avenger it could get its hands on, and then hunt Peter down to the ends of the Earth.
“…A lot,” Steve replied with a small smile. He held Peter steady as he pulled himself out from beneath the sheets. There were twinges in his shoulder and legs from his wounds. He gritted his teeth but ignored it.
Instead of repeating himself, he reminisced. He talked about Steve. He told himself he was doing it to get the Winter Solider to talk but Tony knew it was more for himself…he had to keep Steve alive one way or another…
Norman’s eyes narrowed and he hissed, “I would
It was before he knew Steve or the fact that he was alive…it was when Tony was when alone and was trying to fill the empty space in his heart with distractions. It was before how happy he knew he could be…before he shot Steve in the chest.
“Now, you woke sooner than I thought you would but now you are going to have to move yourself instead of us moving you. Or we will kill your friend.”
Once the charges were read the judges eyes snapped back to Steve and she said, “Captain Rogers it is your right as a citizen of New York State to have preliminary hearing in which the state will have to submit probable cause before we move on to trial. Do you want one?”
The Mark 15’s screens flickered and his readings went off the charts. Energy levels broke all conceivable scales and then the screens went dark. He was blind…except for that dark blue glow. Through the smallest of seams in his suit, that light was beginning to leak through.
Tony tightened his hold on him and whispered vehemently, “Don’t give up just yet, Steve! We can fight this!”
Peter always liked running into Wade Wilson on the field. The man was crazy but fun to fight with. Everyone, even his dad, were pretty serious during a fight but Peter could always rely on Wade to crack a joke or over exaggerate with the bad guys. He didn’t know Peter was Spider-Man but Peter instantly recognized the easy chisel to Wade’s voice. His dad had also told him Wade was badly scared all over his body…he hadn’t realized it was so bad…
“We could postpone –,” Wade began to murmur in his ear.
“It was mutual, it still hurt a fucking lot, but we knew we were going in separate directions so we thought it best we end things before it got any more serious…” Tony replied, his gaze dropping a fraction. “I tried to work it out between us and pretend I did not like you that way. But she could not handle Iron Man and…well
,” Wade teased.
Steve carefully reached out and touched the spot where a picture of the team once hung. The wall, once covered with pictures, was bare, with the exception of a few leftover nails. Steve turned back to Tony, his eyes filled with pity, and whispered, “
He paused just to memorize Steve’s face and then shakily got out of bed. He couldn’t stay there or he’d start crying again. Steve would have been pissed if he saw what Tony had been doing the last few days and the thought spurned him into action. Pepper helped him out of the bed and he asked her, “Is there coffee where this food is?”
Steve’s hand tightened on his shoulders for a second and then slipped away from him. He stepped beside Tony and commanded, “Vision, it’s your turn. Are you sure there is nothing more we can do to help you?”
For once, Tony had no witty reply. He just smiled at his soulmate, grateful he was there and the same man, despite the Red Skull’s attempts.
But Peter, his baby boy, was hurt bad. Venom must have been trying to immobilize him to make its escape easier when it bashed his head in. It probably had done the same the night before…He was just barely conscious and the only signs of consciousness came from the way one of Peter’s hands held onto his arm and whenever he’d randomly whisper his name.
Unlike last time, Peter encouraged Wade to press his hips to Peter’s. Wade was always one step behind him, following his lead like Peter had asked of him. Peter would have teased him for being such a gentleman if it weren’t for the fact that they were both trying to smother each other with their mouths.
It had to once be a man. He had the correct torso, two legs, and arms but that was where the similarities ended. The muscles on this creature were even larger than Steve’s and he had to be over seven feet tall. With all the muscles, he had to weigh hundreds of pounds. He was probably thrice the weight of Steve.
What kind of future awaited him now?
He saw her eyes widen in fear and his suspicions were confirmed.
He just wanted to throw all caution to the wind and kiss Peter right there.
“Alright!” Clint exclaimed and held out his hand for a high-five. Peter slapped his hand excitedly in response.
They went back to kissing again. At first it was innocent little pecks but, with their unclothed states, their bodies began to move and rubbing against each other in what felt like seconds.
Smiling, he gasped, “Natash-.”
Steve did, laying out everything that had happened between him and Tony last night and earlier that morning. Bucky listened with a blank expression but cloudy eyes that Steve could not read.
“Ow, ow, ow, ow,” Wade whined as Peter dragged him back into the room by what must’ve been his ear through his mask. As soon as Peter let go, Wade rubbed the area over his mask with a pout.
Until Bucky died, and then – and then Steve dying a week later. Until his father recovered the tesseract and the government gave up on looking for their lost super soldier.
Tony blinked in confusion then suddenly grinned. He said, “Of course, Capsicle! You and the munchkin are welcome to stay! I have a floor waiting for you but we’ll just have to add some stuff for the mini Rogers!”
They finally settled on one where they hadn’t even been looking at the camera. Steve had taken it with both of them unaware when they’d been sitting off to the side at an Avenger’s barbeque. Peter was sitting between Wade’s legs and had one arm wrapped around Wade’s shoulders. They had only eyes for each other and were both laughing. There was no questioning the love between them as their faces hid nothing.
Sam crossed the room and held his hand out to Tony. He said, “It’s great to meet you, Steve’s told me all about you!”
“…Really?” Wade asked incredulously.
Jarvis turned on the water to Tony’s preferred temperature without his asking so, when Steve entered, Tony was already soaking wet.
,” Wade stated, rolling on to his side.
Except…he hadn’t considered the mythology behind the damn name
Bucky’s hand gripped his shoulder tightly.
Tony kept touching him, as if to reassure himself Steve was still there but his hands avoided the dark patches on his skin. The patches were unnerving. Steve could clearly see them but he could feel anything on his skin until he touched it with his fingertips. Under his fingers it felt like the same warm, rubbery substance he had tried to tear off Peter.
The intercom on the President’s desk dinged and a voice said, “We will be taking off in just a moment, Mr. President.”
His suspicions were confirmed when Coulson wanted to know how Tony found out about the soldier in the first place and demanded that he tell him if Tony was targeted. After some teasing, Tony assured Coulson that he wasn’t next on the Winter Soldier’s hit list but was doing research on the differences between timelines.
Tony turned away from him and opened another hologram. He expanded it and scrolled through the results to look like he was doing something.
Steve felt himself dissolve into Bucky. He tightly wrapped his arms around him and buried his face into Bucky’s shoulder. He began to shake and felt tears beginning to form again.
“Call me, Tony, and I got here as soon as Steve messaged me,” Tony replied. Without missing another beat, Tony stated, “We want to foster him.”
Steve was quick to mask his pain and he replied, “Tony is still at the Tower. I didn’t tell him I was coming here. I wanted to check on you and –
It was so unfair…He just wanted to be there for his soulmate. He shouldn’t have to push him away.
Arm-in-arm, Steve and Tony stepped away from the door and the other two kept in step with them. As they stepped into the crowd, Tony murmured, “Winner gets to sit out on the next Avengers press meeting.”
Tony was his center. He was the reason he survived the 21
“Let’s get away from the peanut gallery,” Bucky whispered and started the bike. Steve wrapped his arms around Bucky’s torso and hid his face in the center of his back. He inhaled deeply, hoping to smell the earthy musk he usually associated with Bucky. The smell was not right, it had changed with Bucky and was more metallic than earthy.
Tony got to his feet and hissed, “Trace the email, J. You have my permission to break any laws you have to, to find Steve.”
Tony returned the hug and smiled at him with the largest grin he’d seen on him yet...and wow, what a smile. Steve's heart beat a little faster and he squeezed Tony's shoulder a little tighter.
“Thanks for coming, Captain. Since the Mandarin directly threatened me in his last message, your presence with me makes a lot of people much more at ease,” the President said as he shook his hand.
?” Natasha hissed.
Jarvis registered the slight jolt and entered it into archives but he did not inform his master because the earth was always moving and if he told him of every shift Tony would have no life.
“Steve would probably be cool with you borrowing some clothes,” Peter observed. Because of the Venom incident, Wade had been wearing the same clothes for days…and they were starting to get a little smelly with all the blood and what not on it. His chest was twice the size of Peter’s and broad like Steve’s, so it made more sense for him to borrower his stepfather’s clothes.
Steve smiled happily at him and drew him into another kiss. His hands were much more delicate since he now knew about Tony’s wounds but he pressed his mouth into Tony’s with just as much vigor as before.
“…So Stark’s your dad?” Eddie asked conversationally.
Steve and Tony froze and then slowly turned around. The same young man from the photo stepped in from one of the outside doors. He was wearing black workout gear with a small, white slanted “A” in a circle over his heart. He walked toward them with a confused expression.
Tony turned to him with a big grin and asked, “How is it? Not too big but not small at all! Good, right?”
“Bu-Buc-,” Steve whispered, his voice barely discernable.
“Good. Now that we’ve got all of that squared away,” Stark began. Stark stepped up to him and held out two earpieces. He explained, “They’re Steve’s. One is for him and the second is his spare. He’d want you to have it.”
Whenever he came across someone, he’d ask if he was going in the right direction. Most didn’t know where Tony lived but then he came across an older man, with a dark aviator glasses and a baseball cap with the word Excelsior! on it, watering his flowers, and he was able to point Steve in the right direction. Steve rounded a corner and stumbled to a halt when he saw the structure in the distance. It was nestled between cliffs and practically right on the ocean. No one was around the house as it was on a piece of land with high cliffs and no coastal access but that was it, it was Tony’s home.
As they passed over the threshold, Peter turned away with a pained noise and gasped more to himself, “I’m such an idiot.”
“He will break you, just like he did me,” James gasped, the words sounded like he could barely tolerate the thought.
Tony withdrew the tiny device from his suit’s pocket. It was so small could have been hidden in the palm of his hand. It had a button that, when pressed, a needle would shoot out and quickly draw the needed blood. Tony handed it to Mary and she peered down at the device. It was similar to what most diabetics used to read their sugar levels except the one Tony created would check to see if the woman before them was a relation to Peter.
“Deadpool, I didn’t think it was possible, but you just got a higher ranking on my shit list,” Fury growled.
“…Sir…I am going to initiate another scan,” Jarvis stated.
Steve gripped the cushioned seat beneath him tightly, his joy over learning Tony was alive began to dwindle as his anger grew. He gasped, “You mean he’s going in halfcocked again. He’s pigheadedly not asking for help.”
“So, then you two are like official-official, you’re not like experimenting or anything?” Tony asked.
the chance, Stark, and I’m only doing this because you warned us about Hydra. Consider you and SHIELD even now, alright?”
“Ish he my brother?”
“…on a regular basis,” Tony clarified, continuing his statement despite being ignored.
“But we’re going to have to bow out. I can honestly say it was the shortest affair I have ever had,” Tony said, not liking it at all. He didn’t want to and he didn’t want to deny Steve as well.
Bruce, however, narrowed his eyes in confusion.
“Is he alright?”
Tony cursed under his breath behind Steve.
“You’ll overhear a lot,” she interrupted him. The bartender brought over the drink and she accepted it with a nod. She waited until the man walked away and asked, “What was it?”
“Pete, is this guy like a fucking legit Terminator?” Tony whispered to their future son.
Bucky’s flush deepened and whispered, “I just said something I used to say about her eyes, I…I loved the color of her eyes.”
They landed on top of his growing tower and they all paused to marvel at the view.
Steve was a no-no topic with Bucky but once again Bucky was making connections with
Peter sighed gratefully and Steve gently murmured, “It’s late. We should all go to bed…”
Mary paused as she looked around the room. Steve waited for her to answer his question. Eventually, her eyes settled back on him. Her expression was unreadable but her eyes were calculating as she studied him.
And then they were making love. Their bodies writhed and slid against each other in a fever. Tony clutched Steve’s hands and he promised him the world as he was filled with ecstasy. Eventually, his thrusts came to an abrupt stop as he came and Steve soon followed.
“Oh? I didn’t hear them?” Monty murmured.
“Tony?!” Steve gasped but the man did not budge.
His boyfriend.
Pops!”
Tony stooped his head to kiss Peter’s scalp. He was planning on only a single kiss but kept kissing the top of his head, unable to stop giving him affection.
Steve’s eyes flicker to Bruce and he smiled sadly at him. He whispered, “In the forties, the doctors originally projected I would die around this age…maybe the fates are intervening.”
Utter mortification destroyed all the lust in him and Steve hurriedly tucked himself back in. He felt blood flush his cheeks and it burned as hot as fire. His cock ached painfully as he tucked it away and Steve winced.
Around them, the courthouse was becoming a madhouse but Tyler did not seem to notice and readjusted her hold on the glass. Blood dripped from her palm as the glass sliced into her own flesh. With renewed vigor, she growled, “I have done too much to lose you now.”
Steve sat on the stool across from Bruce and murmured, “I can’t help but question it. Tony is generous but with Peter he goes above and beyond.”
Vision nodded and stated, “Then you’ll have to hold them both until we get back to the Tower.”
Tony sighed again and then picked his head up to reply, “Well, that's good.”
?!” Steve screamed and pushed through the agents without a second thought. Many were flung aside but some were able to shoot him with their syringes. His body went numb and he stumbled the last few feet to Tony and collapsed beside him.
Steve jumped and guiltily looked at Natasha as she slid into the barstool beside him. She ordered a Dirty Martini and then turned her full attention on Steve.
to protect him. But everything he did was probably for not…
“It feels like we’re taking this all at high speed and I can barely keep up,” Steve sighed. “I mean, we
Peter.
His composure was lost with his words and tears began to fall from his eyes. Everyone he cared about was still watching him and were witnessing his break. Tony avoided their looks of pity and gasped painfully, “Excuse me –.”
The crane began to move Pepper in another direction.
All of his muscles were tense but his insides – oh, God – his insides felt like they convulsing with every heartbeat.
be arrested and tried. Do I make myself clear?”
“I just want to speak with him, even if it’s only for a moment,” Steve said, glancing from Solo to the tower.
Norman’s grin curled and he mockingly said, “Of course she is alive, why wouldn’t she be?”
Rogers groaned and Cable lowered the blank photo to watch the man come to. As soon as his eyes flickered open, Cable stated, “You’re a self-righteous idiot.”
“I will find you guys later…I am actually going to meet up with someone,” Peter replied apologetically.
“We’ve been trying to do that the last five minutes!” Clint grunted, “It freaking isn’t easy even with the God of Thunder as backup!”
, so bold,” Tony purred getting to his feet.
“I remembered it just now…”
! Are you alright??”
Tony would, of course, tell him about his everyday life too. It wasn’t all sex and sweet endearments.
“Your identity is poisonous then! Don’t do this! You don’t have to be with me! At least embrace this part of yourself!”
“Do you need more painkillers?” One of the doctors asked.
“C’mere you,” Wade hissed and pulled Peter into his arms. He pressed his face into Peter's chest with a big grin, loving him and that moment. Peter's heart beat frantically just underneath Wade’s cheek and Peter wrapped his arms around Wade's head with a surprised laugh.
“Yeah, Stark, you two can go fuck,” Fury said, turning away and waving.
Tony felt his shoulders slump even further. How could he had misinterpreted all of this?
No one ever –
“What about the plane??” She demanded.
It seemed like
Steve snorted, sounding very unsexy, but he pressed his hips to Tony's and the teasing sparkle in Tony's eyes disappeared as it was burned away by their growing lust.
Peter frowned indignantly and murmured, “Okay.”
“Steve?” Tony whispered, questioning why Steve hadn’t let him go.
Steve.
“So…You haven’t been stalking me?” Tony asked.
It showed Tony Steve was not just practicing, he was enjoying it.
Tony got to his feet and went to his son, pulling him into a hug. He replied with his face pressed into Peter’s shoulder, “You are a part of my life, Pete, and the last thing I'd do is leave you at a time like this.”
He picked them all up and then held the four pieces in his hand, reading Tony’s name and the word “heart” and…and feeling his heart begin to crumble again. Tony did have a heart and, with it, he loved Steve and they were engaged and were finally going to go on a date and…
“My aunt says he’s just going to use me to raise publicity for the Avengers,” Peter stated.
“Crap.” The word escaped Tony before he could smother it. Steve shot him a dirty look and Tony shrugged sheepishly.
“Why are you so perfect?” Wade whispered. Wade’s eyes were sparkling with love and Peter’s heart felt more fuller than it ever had in his life.
Steve instantly was angry at himself for even considering it. He cared for Tony, no, he
“I’m sorry too,” Tony replied. “And I don’t blame you either…It’s the Goblin’s fault.”
Alright, maybe Steve knew a little bit.
Steve nearly let it happen because it was so shocking and he did not know how to react for a second, but, he pushed Tony away and gasped, “What are you doing?!”
countdown.
“Tony, no…” Steve said, knowing his boyfriend too well.
He gasped, “Breakfast?!”
They moved fast, almost frantically, trying to collect as much pleasure as possible before they came. Peter was hunched over him, his mouth centimeters from his, and their breath mingling in a hot cloud between them.
. I'm such a douchebag and I can easily see all my flaws so it's quite understandable that Peter can see them too and not want to be associated with them..." Tony shook his head and murmured, "I care for him and have had a piece of my life missing ever since I gave him up but he wouldn't believe me if I said that..."
There was a crunch of sand and the sudden casting of a shadow over his body. Steve tensed. The figure stood in front of the sun, totally eclipsing his features from Steve. For all he knew, this man was another enemy looking to kill him or Peter.
Tony made the decision easy for him.
One of the three helicopters firing on the house suddenly exploded and Steve heard Tony murmur, “That’s one.”
Wade pulled him tightly to him and Peter lost himself to the deeper kiss and the possessive feel of Wade’s grip.
The mass seemed to grow and gain power from the lower volume. It swung the pole one last time then threw it across the intersection, severing more wires and totally cutting the sound.
Howard mentioned the Commandos! This was from when he traveled with the 107
He didn’t want to be alone.
The few seconds of shock passed and then all he could fathom was pain.
After squirming into several different positions, Tony finally found one he was comfortable in and fell into a barely conscious nap. He opened one eye when Panzer turned on the car but closed it as soon as they started moving and let his doze reclaim him.
I've been doing a lot of overtime with only one day off a week and its been exhausting...I'm hoping it will end soon because it's just burning me out and I want to write my fic! DX
The quiet, seemingly abandoned town was now busy with activity and soldiers began to set up a perimeter and the villagers were jumping from soldier to soldier (and from what Tony was able to translate with his meager French vocabulary) they were asking questions about their mission or the state of the war.
Logan knocked his friend off him and retorted, “Hold your insides in! You got an in, bub!”
“Uh nice to see, well, hear you too, Jarvis,” Steve said to Tony’s AI. Peter perked up upon hearing the voice and looked around the elevator curiously.
Steve’s eyebrow rose as he eyed the metallic skin and repeated skeptically, “Goosebumps?”
[Because the world’s eyes will be on us! Imagine all that disgust! I can feel it crushing me already!]
Pepper gaze grew thunderous and she hissed, “The
“I can read lips, Stark,” Bucky growled.
“Call Fury.”
Darkness.
“Good morning to you too, Buck,” Tony laughed and stepped past Steve to get some coffee.
“On your knees,” the monster ordered.
was breaking down the camp around him like nothing was amiss. Yet Steve wasn’t a part of it like he usually was. Bucky easily found him at Tony’s side. He had probably been with him all night.
“Unfortunately, I do not.”
Silence fell between them and Steve watched Tony as he drank from his coffee and halfheartedly tapped at his holograms.
“Remember only the mission. Anything else is only a distraction and thereby detrimental to the mission,” Bucky stated monotonously, still circling him.
Steve squeezed his hand with a small smile before pulling away and seating himself on the opposite side of the workbench.
Tony froze not knowing what to do.
Tony smiled and he looked over his shoulder to where Peter sat on the couch with a new controller in his hands. Tony whispered, “He’s a smart kid. I just wish he would see himself as
Keeping his hand over Wade’s racing heart, Peter leaned down and forwent answering him by kissing him.
Phillips and the rest of the Commandos had already made their way to the new camp. Steve cursed up a storm when he realized Gabe went with them. He was probably helping set up the medical tents at that very moment.
“Don’t open it,” Tony hissed.
He was running down the same streets Tony traveled.
Eventually, the boy and his mother left, leaving him with thank yous and words of praise. Steve felt humbled by it. He had been treated like this hundreds of times before but he still felt like a just a regular guy from Brooklyn.
“We’re married. You’re not losing me that easily,” Tony commented dryly.
Bruce adjusted his glasses nervously and nodded. They plunged into the equally dark and narrow corridor with no more than a whisper.
Tony laughed and Bucky's smile grew into one very close to the genuine one he remembered back in the 40s.
“No one else is going to breach the Tower ever again,” Tony promised him and rubbed his back. Peter’s lip trembled but he nodded bravely. It drew Steve to his son’s other side and he knelt beside the couch.
Steve smothered a chuckle then mockingly gasped, “Tony! What happened? You just spoke in first-person??”
Peter swayed and Wade grabbed a hold of the back of his arm with his one good hand and fearfully hissed, “Peter?”
It was dark, Jarvis had turned off the TV when both of them fell asleep. Tony sleepily glanced around but he couldn’t guess as to why he woke. The light from his arc reactor gave off enough light to illuminate the room dimly but nothing seemed remiss.
Neither one of them made any move to disconnect.
for you.”
But this was
“Beloved, starting now and till the end of our lives you are going to be throughly knowledgeable in all my sounds,” Tony stated, running his hands down Steve’s  chest. His muscles felt
Steve spared that red dot a few more seconds of his gaze and then he turned his eyes back to the Manhattan. He took in all the different colored dots moving around the city that each represented their team members and friends and then commanded, “Friday, update me on everyone’s missions, show me Peter’s last known location, and then connect me to the team.”
!” Venom screeched and pounced on Peter, flattening him to the ground by wrapping its tendrils around his throat. Without any warning, it slammed his skull into the pavement.
It was down that hall Steve first heard him.
Peter thumbed the mask in his hand one last time then slipped it on.
“Works with my dad,” Peter replied vaguely and leaned forward to peer at what he was working on to indirectly show that topic was over and he was not going to delve into Wade’s background anymore. He directed his eyes at the beakers in front of him and picked up his thermometer to measure their temperature for the third time.
Tony grinned and they went over to the promised couch. It was large and plush and Steve had fallen in love with it at the furniture store. It was one of the few items that did not come with the apartment. When Tony draped himself across it, Steve felt a strong primal pleasure grow at the sight of it.
Eddie opened the door but paused when he found Tony standing outside.
Steve’s jaw dropped and Mary whispered, “Surprised?”
Steve quickly wiped at his eyes and huskily said, “I’m sorry.” Sam instantly lightly rubbed his hunched shoulder and Steve’s eyes overflowed and he cupped his hand over his eyes to hide the tears from his friend. He repeated with a shuddering cry, “I-I’m sorry. I’m so sorry…”
“…That makes no sense,” Steve chortled with a laughing smile.
“Coming right up,” he promised. He stood and sat Peter on his good hip while turning off the tablet and handing it back to Bruce. To Bruce he said, “Thank you for checking over Peter.”
The car ride was even quieter than breakfast and Steve never once let go of Tony nor adjust his grip.
Natasha’s eyes flickered with an unknown emotion and she faced forward, ending the argument with her refusal to counter. The rest of the car ride was spent in relative silence with the exception of Clint muttering curses at his fellow drivers. Bucky was immobile, like a statue with a stony expression in addition.
Sneaky nodded and replied, “I’d be proud to help you on your mission. I will tell you one thing about the future, the legend of Captain America and his Howling Commandos lives on in my century. All of you are remembered and celebrated.”
And Steve would be lying if he would say he hadn’t considered it… but if they ever did… that emotional aspect of their relationship they’d both been denying, well, they wouldn’t be able to deny it anymore. So Steve only watched and fantasized secretly within his mind.
Tony thought on it and replied, “Nope, it’s his baby and I figured I’d give him some time with it before sticking my nose in it…” Tony flushed and added, “I’ve also been distracted by the fact he was dating Wade around the same time he created it.”
“Yes, the Man of Iron usually is one step ahead of his opponents,” Thor agreed, sounding quite certain of his statement.
Natasha hissed and leapt back just as her soulmate swung in for the kill.
“Looking for you, punk,” Bucky retorted, knocking him over the head.
“They were antidotes provided by the Goblin. He had some sort of connection to your mother. Whenever I did not know how to respond, I simply remained silent or brought up stress of my confinement to deflect any questions,” Mary replied.
“Is that you, Papa?” Peter asked in wonder, lightly touching the glass.
“But –,” Tony began, trying to look over her shoulder. Damn the woman for practically being the same height as him! He could barely see over her head!
Steve cut him off with a groan then kissed him again to shut him up. Tony fell blessedly silent and leaned into Steve's hold. Steve broke the deep kiss and pulled back to peer into Tony’s eyes. He whispered, “None of that matters now and you
Tony wept unabashed in front of his friends and family. There was no need for proper public decorum with them and he was eternally grateful for it. Eventually, he calmed down enough and listened to the rest of the accounts. His tears never stopped but he laughed at the silly stories and barely breathed whenever someone spoke of Steve’s bravery. They relieved his life in remembrance. It was gut-wrenching and horrible, but also a step into healing the wound of being ripped apart and the fact that every single person in that room loved Steve made him feel not as alone in this.
“You were not listening, Captain,” he stated, like he was chastising a child. “I noted that you were always destroying my plans. I have learned a lot in the years since we last fought.”
“Jarvis, have Bruce and Mary found a solution?” Tony asked, keeping all emotion from his voice. Behind him, he heard Steve pause in his dressing as he waited for the answer.
Tony glanced up and found Steve looking at him from the couch.
“Sir, I have found multitudes of video with a woman fitting the description of Mary Parker. Shall I play back one with the clearest feed?”
God, not Tony.
When Tony turned around, Steve had been staring at his ass but he kept his gaze locked into place and lingered on his crotch. Tony twitched in surprise then froze.
Damn sentimental super soldier brought tears to his eyes.
“Harry said she was here,” Steve elaborated.
“So….the couch,” Steve said, nodding to the very piece of furniture.
“Steve,” Tony whispered, afraid to speak any louder and disturb this painting of excellence.
She shook her head and gasped, “It has Peter’s essence inside it. I still can’t separate them.”
“Apparently, we’re adopting a kid. Did…Do you want kids?” Tony asked Steve, still a little in shocked by the whole idea. Hell, he still wasn't over the fact that a superhero from the future just cockblocked them. He thought they were done with this space time continuum shit.
With his mind racing with possibilities and new plans, Norman threaded his fingers in front of him and stated, “I’ll be happy to help, Venom. After all, we are family.”
Tony turned under him and looked into the drawer. He shuffled some items around and then collapsed with a groan.
“Tony!” Steve gasped, ripping his shirt in two and digging his fingers into Tony’s scalp. He automatically thrust his hips up and pressed his erection into Tony’s chest. He was tempted to rub himself against Tony but embarrassment outweighed his arousal. He could not believe he just did that.
“That is exactly what Dream Peter would say,” Wade countered.
Peter’s shoulder shook as he too chuckled and replied, “
Steve might have to choose between being Captain America and fighting with the Avengers
“Want to play some video games?” Wade asked out of the blue.
Steve kept his face passive but he clenched his leg with his fist. They hadn't discussed a background story with Tony! Did he just inadvertently lead Tony into another situation where he'd have to reveal his identity? Steve mentally hit himself in the head. He was supposed to be a master tactician but he'd been tripping over his feet since Tony revealed himself.
“That was the first time I saw him since the helicarriers fell,” Steve retorted with a slight blush. “We aren’t in a relationship…Tony…Tony and I are together…”
Steve never felt as free as when he was making love with Tony. In the time since they started, Steve learned more about Tony than he ever thought possible. In the throes of passion, the older man was more lose lipped and tender. Tony whispered endearments that made Steve’s heart flutter and eyes prickle.
“Not at this juncture,” Bruce replied. “I’m just waiting on some data before proceeding.”
Wade turned to the man and admonished, “Alejandro, he’s cool. He’s with me.”
Steve huskily laughed and then cleared his throat as he took Tony’s hand in his and shook it. He stated, “Deal, I’ll be one of New York’s first gay marriages.”
“But –!”
Steve jerked up straighter in surprise and Peter’s eyes nervously shifted between Steve and Tony. Tony froze with his eyes flickering back and forth between his boyfriend and son.
He did not know what to expect. In the deeper most corner of his heart, he had hoped for a joyful reunion. He had wanted Bucky to tell him the shooting had been a mistake, that he remembered everything, and that he wanted to return to Steve…Despite his wishes, he really expected to be attacked.
!” Clint gasped and then added with mock horror, “There are children here!” Clint covered Thor’s eyes and the Norse God cocked his head to the side in confusion.
His only reply was Tony calling out to him.
May was a gracious host so she hustled everyone to the table and refused their offers of help with the food. She put a pitcher of orange juice on the table and hurried back to the kitchen, leaving them alone.
He dialed Fury, held the phone up to his ear, and the Director picked up on the first ring. Coulson stated, “Sir, we’ve got a problem.”
“STOP!” Peter screamed and they dropped the mugger. The man ran from them screaming. His black costume rippled with Venom’s agitation.
A small hopeful smile cracked Steve’s lips and his resolve steadied him.
Tony could spare the large man a glance because Solo pointed at Tony and screamed, “ALIEN!”
Tony’s arc reactor flickered and –.
They hadn’t spent uninterrupted time with each other in such a long time that they were cautious at first but they quickly fell back into their old routines and it was almost like their evasions had never happened. The last couple of days had been filled with laughter, loud debates over the results of various card and board games, and horrible comebacks (Tony mostly, not that he’d admit it).
“So am I to call you Stripper-Man instead of Spider-Man?” Dad teased and Peter’s face flushed bright red.
She watched his body. He didn’t move. He didn’t breathe. He was dead. And she was alone again but, it was so much more worse because she now had the knowledge of love and James.
“Pete, your birthday is
He grasped both of Wade’s hands, locking his fingers around Wade’s and teasingly murmured, “Do you want a tour or should we just go straight to my room?”
Tony wanted to launch himself into the air and actively deny Pepper’s words but, merely standing upright made him dizzy and he doubted he could operate the suit much longer.
“We should also text Bucky,” Steve murmured, tucking his chin over Peter’s head as he snuggled the baby against his chest.
Her mate held his bloody right hand out to her and her grip tightened on her pistol.
“Looks like I am Mary Parker,” Mary joked dryly. She sighed then looked down at her hands as she rubbed her pierced finger.
,” Steve gasped in a tight voice.
“Devour me, Captain,” Tony commanded. His other hand sat on the back of Steve’s chair, totally encaging him with Tony’s form. Tony leaned in his breath, mingling with Steve’s. “I want you to consume me.”
“Pete, you’ve got to be shitting me!” His father gasped, “There’s no way in hell am I leaving you with this thing!”
“Dad?! Dad, are you okay??” Peter gasped. Dad’s eyes blinked several times in confusion and he beadily looked up at Peter.
Steve nodded and softly said, “I’m sorry…”
You may have noticed that I am predicting 2 more chapters...I hold no promises...
He sat Peter on his right hip just to free up his left arm and grasp Tony’s hand. He ran his thumb over Tony’s wedding band and marveled over the weight of his own. It was strange to think he may one day get used to feeling it.
He lowered himself down slowly and groaned as he got the pressure off his legs and stretched his limbs out in the water. He leaned back, letting his head fall back over the rim of the tub. He closed his eyes and let himself relax for a moment.
Settled? Why would he need to settle in? He lived with Tony! This place was only temporary!
“I—Yes, yes…sorry, bad dream,” Steve whispered a little breathlessly.
Guilt instantly washed over him as he remembered the cause of Tony’s death. He felt guilty enough for wanting Bucky’s presence, it would kill him to think of kissing Bucky.
“The state of your clothes and the way your scarfing down that food are good indicators,” he replied with a smirk. He held out his hand and said, “Folks around here call me Solo.”
Steve lightly touched Peggy’s arm and murmured, “We’ll continue this later.”
Tony discovered his husband went mad with what he deemed "honeymoon fever" because he jokingly called him "hubby" and next thing he knew he was arching his body into Steve and moaning deeply into the man's mouth.
“Come here, Peter,” his mother called and he did as she asked and sprinted to her side but every step made the tingling worse.
Father Michael grabbed his arm and pointed to the oncoming exit, gasping, “Get off here!”
He glanced at said man beside him. He’d been tense ever since they left the base. Tony could distract him for a moment…
They parted ways with Stark as soon as the elevator opened, the man cited a need for a shower after working so long in his lab. He left them with a nod and Wade knew to not say anything, even in parting, because as soon as he opened his mouth, the wrong thing would come out and give Stark a reason to hate him even more. So Wade nodded too and silently followed Peter to the kitchen.
“It’s okay, Petey,” Steve whispered gently to his son and rubbed his back.
Steve hugged himself for warmth and clutched his gut. He felt sick, like the salt water was sloshing in his stomach. He wanted to vomit it up and gasp for a breath free of sea water. The ice was freezing his limbs, stiffening his muscles…
With that he left them alone. Steve stared bitterly at the spot Howard had vacated and again wondered how he came to this moment.
“All the snot you’ll get on your shirt is your own fault for talking like that,” Peter mumbled, rubbing his face into Steve’s chest.
He smiled at his suit and then asked Jarvis, “How likely do you think Rhodey would make me a Captain?”
“Some are
“Why?”
“Alright,
His baby boy was already breathing blood.
“Iron Man suit!” Harry gasped and Peter nodded excitedly in agreement.
“…Then we will face that hurdle when it is presented to us,” Steve whispered, not knowing how else to answer.
And then he finally cried for his mom…and dad, whose deaths were so much worse than he imagined. At that point his eyes were raw and his throat hoarse so he moaned and whimpered more than wept.
They weren’t going to be permanent. This wasn’t going to be a problem. History won't change.
Wade leaned forward and whispered to them, “In the future, Disney eventually is able to buy everyone out and we don’t pretend we live in separate universes.”
Tony squeezed Steve’s side and tilted his head into the crook of Steve’s neck. He whispered, “I
Steve had flown to Washington D.C. on a red eye and got a few hours of sleep before meeting the President after Ellis’s brunch with a local senator. Thanks to the serum, he barely felt the effect of his lapse in sleep.
Nevertheless, at that moment, it was unquestionably ugly.
Steve jerked then scrambled out of bed. Tony quickly followed and the floor on his bedside opened up and the Iron Man uniform rose to meet him.
Once the threat was contained, Wade curled over Peter and looked him over. He was naked and his entire body was covered in welts and was still smoking.
There it was. The emotion that had been in Steven’s voice, so similar to Pepper’s but…why did it seem like there was...more? Was it really just because Tony reminded him of his dead fiancé? Why would he care about Tony in the first place? He didn’t even know Tony… Or was there something more he was missing?
,” Howard said. “I still can’t get over the fact that you’re my son! You are the promise of a future! It’s strange to think but I’m going to get married…settle down…I have a family…Pass on my work to you…I’m – I’m still flabbergasted by all of it!”
Their second kiss was wilder. Their mouth’s pumped each other for sustenance and their hands explored each other’s bodies in a desperate frenzy. Tony’s touch unlocked a primal beast in Steve that ate away at his inhibitions. Gone were his fears and insecurities. All he needed was Tony, all he wanted was Tony, and nothing else mattered.
Tony stayed silent in answer and Howard grinned.
As the warm water lapped at their waists, he felt Steve’s hand stray to his stomach and touch his scar again. Steve always touched it when he was serious and he stated, “Me too…” He traced the healed wound with his thumb and whispered, “I love everything about us…I love you. And with everything we’ve been through, I know I always will…
“Bucky is going to have a fat head the rest of the night just because of his hair, you know?” Steve whispered to him in a tease.
Why was Cap being so nice? He was always a nice guy on the field unless you were facing off against him but…? Wade thought he’d be more against him dating Peter because, well, even Captain America had to see Wade was no good for Peter. So why was he encouraging it?
“BUT I’ve done nothing to prepare for an epic anniversary!?” Tony gasped, acute horror lacing his voice as he worried about his new aspect to their relationship.
?? Jarvis never called him that! It was Sir or
Steve sat up straighter and Bucky's expression became blank. Steve recognized it as the expression Tony called the "Winter Soldier stare." It was a dead stare, devoid of emotion. Bucky hadn't used it in years. He had only slipped into that headspace when he was in a strong emotional state.
“Oh, but it is,” Tony countered. “Just like all the confrontations he was involved with us in, he’s treating it like a game. He isn’t serious about it. He is playing house right now, but the man is still insane and can just as easily turn on Peter when he grows bored.”
Tony clutched the back of Steve’s neck and replied, “And I you, Beloved.”
“…He means right by you. Just give him time to acclimate,” Steve stated. “He
Steve scratched his beard and peered up at the growing skyscraper. He murmured, “I just need to speak with him for a moment. I know he'll want to speak to me once he knows who…once he meets me.”
The Soldier was once again ripped from his target but this time the grip that held him was unyielding and crushing his bones. He struggled against the massive green hands that held him, nonetheless, his eyes were not on the Hulk but his target.
Wade turned to Peter as soon as he whispered his name and Peter was smiling warmly at him.
Steve's eyes flickered back up to where Tony was eating alone, in the back corner of the mess hall. The man had a lot of paperwork in front of him and Steve wondered what he was working on. It couldn't possibly be connected to his “wooing”…right?
Steve mirrored Bucky’s miserable smirk and said, “You got it.”
Steve grinned. He actually saw that movie when it was first released in 1937. For once, he understood the reference and he replied, “Shush, Grumpy, and eat some food.”
"It's for a number of reasons," Tony said with a wave of his hand, "neither Steve nor I are getting any younger, and really, as much as I hate to admit it but I have to say, I don't reckon I can afford to get knocked into a building a few more times by sea monsters from who knows where and then have Steve look after me restless until he can’t take it as well. Steve's situation is no different, and we both feel that staying in the field is not a factor in your favor, but rather a burden to you."
"He asked you? When."
They are Steve and Tony.
"I'm not sure it's right to talk to Morgan about stepfather issues when I haven't decided."
"What?!"
"Probably because the man loves me, I mean, anyone loves me, I'm a Stark after all," Tony shrugged slightly, "only this one is going to love a little longer."
The Starks have a soft point for Steve Rogers, and Tony sometimes still blames Howard for it.
Tony suddenly felt his throat go dry and he nodded, "Okay."
"Hey," Tony frowned and nudged Steve with his shoulder, "go back inside, stop it, and let me be a sweet boyfriend for at least one day after all these years."
He had never hesitated to trust his life to the other man, let alone the future.
"Stepfather?" Natasha raised an eyebrow and looked at him proddingly.
"Never mind, Dad." Morgan looked like she read his mind, "Steve said I was the person you cared about most in the world and he didn't want to make it hard for you if I didn't agree."
"You have to know that sometimes love doesn't solve everything."
Steve sat up, and Tony took a second to distract himself from the sight of the quilt sliding down his bare chest, then looked into the other man's eyes, the blond's young blue eyes extraordinarily sincere, and Steve asked again, "Do you think it's time for me to ask you to marry me?"
"Just doing what we all do." Steve responded gently, using the momentum to pull Tony closer and claim a kiss from the other man, "You'd do the same thing in your place, honey."
Steve looked a little embarrassed, "We're not together."
Steve looked up and met Tony's gaze with a smile.
Tony barely listened to what Steve was saying, half of his mind was on Steve's hand at the moment, the other man's palm hovering tenderly over his back, Steve's nails raking across his back while he leaned back against the other man's shoulder, drifting off to sleep. It explained why Tony didn't realize what he'd said until long after he'd finished speaking, and then took a few minutes to make sure the words weren't a figment of his own imagination.
"Steve, it's the last time." Tony said softly and winced as Steve reached out, but he took Steve's hand anyway, "Damn it, if you do it again, if you-" he sighed, "you're doing what, Steve."
Tony could not help but think about another ten years, or even a hundred years, whether this day will become a holiday like Independence Day.
"At least get the color out of your face, little girl." Tony turned his head sideways and kissed the tip of his daughter's nose, and Morgan scrunched up her face at the gesture. Steve was amused by their interaction, and Tony signaled with his eyes that he would go back after taking care of Morgan himself, Steve nodded and came over and kissed Morgan on the forehead as a goodbye.
"Sleeping on the streets, I guess."
Even after all these years, Tony still gets dizzy over that smile. At the moment he had to admit that Pepper was right, because no words were needed, he could see Steve's love through just one look.
"Why?"
"Well, you can have my back, Iron Man." Steve said with a smile.
Not that he intended to explore where Steve had put things, he found it by accident, but he had known for a long time that Steve liked to hide everything in the closet, and it was good that Steve did not realize that Tony had found his habit long ago.
"You felt that the age issue was a barrier, weren't sure you were the right person to marry, and didn't think Steve would necessarily be able to go all the way with you." The female spy cut to the chase, "Most importantly, because of Morgan."
The Black Widow always hit the nail on the head.
Tony's eyes hovered over the square flannel box for a long time, and finally decided to close the closet, although he already knew Steve's proposal, he could still keep some surprises for himself.
"That's good, there's strength in numbers, though not on our side." Tony said playfully, Steve was exhausted but still gave a smile because of it.
Steve smiled and kissed his lover on the lips as he turned Tony's entire body around to face him then said solemnly, "You don't have to prove anything at all, I'm not letting you go to the lab because I'm worried about you collapsing there again with heart problems while I happen to be out of the house, the ban is only temporary. You don't have to prove how important you are by - uh, making me chocolate early in the morning."
"Who knows," Steve said softly, staring into those dark brown eyes, before reaching out, cupping the cheek of the man in front of him and giving him a deep kiss, "maybe he's just a veteran of his age, with nothing to lose and stubborn as hell."
Tony hates it when the Black Widow is right in every word.
Tony warbled under Steve's palms, his fingers gripping Steve's spine furiously, but pulling him closer as he involuntarily straightened his back upwards, letting his uncummable cock rest against the small of his partner's back as he moaned silently with each of Steve's thrusts, his head tilted back to expose his neck.
Steve Rogers choked and poked Tony with his elbow, in return for a smug smile, Steve sighed in annoyance and gave Tony's ass a squeeze where the crowd couldn't see it.
"And seriously," Tony sighed, "meta Avengers are almost retired to enjoy the world of two, not that we all envy them a bunch of children after all, you guys are enough for me, but I really aspire to have sex with Steve day and night. "
Tony didn't answer, and in response, he wrapped his arms around Steve's shoulders and dragged him into a deep kiss that took his breath away.
"I, uh--" Tony sighed: "Didn't think about the marriage thing, because when you've already been through one, it doesn't seem to sound so wonderful. Plus, I didn't think Steve and I would ever get this far in our relationship."
"I think you've made your choice," Natasha sat back "And, Tony, you yourself understand that Steve only asked you to marry him because he loves you, and there's no way he'd choose anyone else to marry."
"It's an anniversary, gotta make it a little more memorable"
"Steve," Tony murmured sleepily, sensing his movement, groping to lean closer, turning Steve around, then subconsciously hugging him, leaving a kiss on his neck and murmuring, "You're safe, baby. "
"Actually, I haven't decided yet," Tony realized that maybe talking about this with Steve's best friend might not be an appropriate choice, "forget it, forget I said it."
"Steve ......," Tony called out weakly.
Steve gave a small nod, even though he knew Tony couldn't see it, then he warily reached out and embraced his lover's warm body, letting himself bury the tip of his nose in Tony's gray hair and sniff lightly, letting the other man's scent steady him, counting Tony's every breath and pulse in silence until he too fell into a peaceful sleep.
"That's not necessarily true, I don't have a very good history with marriage, and it's a known fact that I'm an irresponsible husband."
Steve's eyes widened in shock as Tony didn't move away, just half propped himself up and gazed earnestly into his eyes.
"Stop flirting on the public channel," Clint's voice came clearly through the contact, Steve choked and dropped his shield a little heavy hand, "Tony if there is anything you can do to make it quick!"
Tony stiffened, almost spitting the ice cream out of his mouth, he'd almost forgotten to talk to Morgan about it if she hadn't brought it up of her own accord.
Steve stood still, trying to find a topic of conversation, but the day or their situation, as Tony put it, was too awkward. He wanted to apologize, for his friend's behavior, and for his own, and because of Tony's remark, and he didn't know how to bring it up, and he didn't want to take any chances now of Tony and him causing another enough side-splitting argument.
Between us, was it worth it?
"What did you say?" Tony jerked up from his bed, reached out and fumbled with his glasses on the nightstand, asking while putting them on.
"Well," Tony said, "even though you haven't been Captain America for so long how are you still so convincing, but I do want to fix this, hot chocolate."
"Come on," Logan sighed, "there's not a moment when they stop showing their love, they just stand together as a pair of heavenly fuckers."
"You weren't once my friend."
The proposal can wait, since his little princess is already so tired.
"Of course I was," Steve said against his lips, "I've been dying to ask you."
Tony was silent, so Steve didn't say anything for a moment, and then Tony closed his eyes and Steve pursed his lips, waiting for him to pull away.
"I said I wouldn't mind letting Captain America be my stepfather, and told him he was wrong," Morgan pushed aside the empty cup of ice cream she had finished eating and suddenly told Tony very seriously, "My dad cares about him as much as he cares about me."
Steve had asked Morgan before he asked him, and sometimes Tony got tired of Steve knowing him so well.
Tony unscrewed the faucet and splashed some water on his face, and when he looked up he could see in the bathroom mirror that Steve was leaning against the door with his arms wrapped around him, watching him.
Tony did a quick mental calculation, then realized, "That's even a little earlier than he asked me."
"But we shouldn't be enemies after all, we -- we don't hate each other, don't you think, Tony?" asked Steve uncertainly, and Tony wasn't even sure if he was asking or murmuring, "I still care about you." Steve whispered.
"Later," Steve said as he settled his old girl on his back, "I'll thank you properly."
Loving each other is the most difficult thing in this world.
Tony turned his gaze away from the electronics in front of him and found Natasha had long since moved a stool to sit next to him, with the intention of having a clear conversation with him on the matter, which made Tony regret taking the matter out of his mouth.
"Sure，Captain."
Tony froze at this declaration, he didn't remember Steve saying anything about his faith, although he did know that Sarah Rogers was Catholic, and he didn't even remember Steve going to church, had he? Maybe he hadn't noticed that he was a less-than-responsible husband.
"As long as it's not a show of affection should be fine," a young kid interjected, "you should all know how terrible it is to watch your parents show affection."
"That's because Morgan is your daughter, your only child." Pepper had said to him, "And Steve loves you."
"Look on the bright side, the seven-year itch will come late."
His lover responded with a light kiss that landed on his sideburns. Steve freed one hand and held Tony's cheek, rubbing his thumb along his cheekbone, dragging each movement slowly but with enough force to make the man beneath him shudder with each thrust.
Tony was not surprised that even though Natasha was the Avenger who had been to his house the most during her early childhood, Morgan was the first to get close to Steve. Steve moved gently, very carefully in order not to wake Morgan, he looked down at the girl's eyes always have an inexplicable reverence. It was the cause of what made Tony realize back then that he was still madly in love with Steve after all these years, so much so that it made his heart brace itself to raw pain.
"Good question," Tony turned to the kid who asked the question, then surreptitiously passed Steve a quizzical look at just how many people had come and gone during his infrequent missions, "We're not quitting, 'Avengers for a day, Avengers for a lifetime ' or something I can always remember, just as advisors, plus, you can always look for us in the penthouse suite, the training room, or the captain in the drawing room, and me in the lab."
"Tony your intimidation is catching up with Cap," Peter leaned back on the couch and lazily teased, Tony just gave him a blank stare, Spider Man immediately sat upright and raised his hands "Okay, okay, Dad, what are you and Mom going to say? "
"Yes, Boss."
The next second, he was pulled into a kiss that was intense and fervent enough.
"We all love you so much, Dad." Morgan said.
Steve sat up, cupped Tony's cheek, and gave him a slow, firm kiss.
"On the bright side, I don't even know if I can wait for the seven-year itch." Tony regretted the words almost as soon as they were spoken, he looked up at his husband, and as expected Steve instantly turned quite pale.
"So, you guys are quitting the Avengers?"
"Hey, I'm kidding." Steve cupped his face, "But we're not getting a divorce, I promise you."
"I know you like to role play, Tony, but this is too much."
"This really isn't the time to talk about it." Steve interrupted him and tried to put on a smile.
Steve didn't say anything, just stared out at the ceiling, Tony leaning against him, in his arms, one arm wrapped around Steve's chest, breathing softly, Steve's fingers weaving through that dark hair, feeling those soft hairs brush his fingers in a way that made him feel safer and more trusting than ever before.
"That would be fucking awkward."
Steve shook his head and said gently, "But I'm not Pepper, and I would never let you go unless you asked me to. After all, I've been fighting for this opportunity for years."
Damn it, Tony cursed inwardly.
"Technically Steve didn't propose, he just - you could interpret that as a request for permission?" Tony chose a statement that both he and Morgan could live with, "You're not supposed to know that."
Now everyone's looking at them.
"Don't try to use that as an excuse to cum early," Iron Man said disgruntled, continuing to hold Steve's cock in his hand, "Come on, get your four times a night spirit going. Or is it just that old guys don't work past 100."
Tony grinned and hummed, once again came forward and kissed the corner of Steve's mouth: "Anyway, let me think about it?"
With time as proof.
"Of course it does, given that I'm the scientist of us."Tony subconsciously fought with the other man, but then realized that his question had not been answered: "Don't perfume me, what did you just say?"
"Wait a minute." Tony reached out and interrupted what Steve was about to say, taking his glasses off the bridge of his nose and then pinching his brow.
Probably loving each other is the hardest thing in the world, Steve thought, and despite the different paths to the conclusion, they eventually came to the same conclusion. *
"Seriously, you need to propose to me."
"Anyway, I can take this as Hawkeye's plea for mercy, probably." Tony rose into the air and said smugly, the next second all the destruction robots fell down as if suddenly cut off from energy, Steve was busy jumping off one robot, Tony happened to lift his face plate and met his gaze.
In fact, Tony didn't expect the first person he found to be Natasha, but with Roddy doing his best for Earth diplomacy in outer space, he didn't think Pepper was the right person to talk about it either, and the comment slipped right out when Natasha routinely came to the lab for Tony to check her equipment.
"You've always been sweet," Steve said, turning his head sideways to leave Tony a kiss on the cheek, the tip of his nose brushing against the other man's hair, greedily taking in the engineer's scent, "Are you going to make me hot chocolate?"
"Okay, I agree." Tony said.
The Avengers, old and new, nodded in unison.
Morgan wrinkled her nose at him, "I asked you first, why didn't you say yes to Steve?"
Well, I definitely need to talk to someone. Tony thought.
"I'm a Catholic, and I'm not getting a divorce." Steve said suddenly.
"A month ago, I think."
"You should know that with or without glasses does not actually affect your hearing." Steve teased him lovingly.
"Two-year wedding anniversary," Tony muttered, poking at the broccoli in front of him, "seriously that's not fair at all, we've been together for what should be forty years and I'm spending my second anniversary with my husband."
"You know, Peggy's relatives, which would be awkward, to use your words." Steve's eyes wandered and he whispered.
"What for?"
Tony laughed dryly, "Did that make this any better?"
Tony jerked around, his eyes widening, and it was only then that Steve noticed the cut on his eye socket. He walked over and eyed the dark eyes, silent for a long moment before he bravely touched the scab gently, then wincing with Tony.
"It was worth it." Steve said.
"Okay?" Morgan cocked her head.
"We have an announcement to make." Tony said across the wreckage of last night's revelry, raising one eyebrow as he met the drowsy eyes of the hungover young Avengers members, the young kids immediately sitting upright on their hands and knees.
"Friday, he's got the ring ready." Tony heard himself murmur.
Steve winked, while Tony laughed.
"Is that so?" Steve made his forehead rest against the other man's and asked softly.
"Of course, I should have expected that, after all, he's known to be a very responsible man. I really wasn't the right person to marry, no matter what Pepper said." Tony let out the breath he was holding, "Besides, I don't know what Morgan would think, and I ...... can't choose between the two of them."
"Well, it seems I can't control the kids," Tony said in mock distress, rubbing his forehead as he looked at Steve through a gap in his fingers, "You've got to do something about it, Mom."
The afterglow looked at Iron Man flying in mid-air while the other was aiming his repulsor cannon at the connection point of the mechanical arms, while examining the situation around him, no matter what, Doom had put his blood on the table this time, the Avengers had been scattered and surrounded, and unless they could get to the root of these robots, it would be hard to combine their respective strengths.
Tony laughed at Morgan, but swallowed hard again.
Celebrating the tenth anniversary of the return of half of Earth's population, celebrating the tenth year of humanity's victory over the forces of the universe.
Steve looked a little formal, and Tony wouldn't laugh at him for finding him with the same hands and feet, because he was also busy controlling his heartbeat.
"No matter what," Tony said gently but firmly as he held his husband's hand, "I never thought in the first half of my life that I would be loved so much by someone, and it was all worth it, after all we've been through."
Love does not save the world, nor can it solve all problems, but the wounds left by conflict, the pain etched by separation, can be healed by love.
Steve grinned and pulled Peter on his lap and asked him, “Do you want to meet some of Papa’s friends?”
“Jarvis is always a part of my home!” Tony hissed, “I’d never leave him!”
than okay,” Wade replied and tucked a loose hair behind Peter's ear. Peter leaned into his touch with a soft smile that melted Wade's heart. He was so tempted to say
When the man did not get up, Steve turned to the others and asked, “Who’s next?”
Peter jolted to a stop behind Eddie and stared at his dad with wide eyes.
Steve still looked nervous and Tony wasn’t heartless. He knew what was probably worrying him so he lay a hand on his arm and tried to sound as comforting as possible as he whispered, “Hey, look, it’s not like it was. We don’t have to worry that we are mates. No one is going to care that we are men. All they’ll want to know is if we’re going to wear the same color tuxes at our wedding.”
Tony meet and held his gaze, his eyes searching Bucky’s for some unknown factor. Bucky murmured, “What is it?”
Tony picked up his head and cupped Steve’s cheek. Steve dipped his head and kissed his husband. Tony’s hands tightened on him, as if to preserve the moment for as long as possible.
have been a little reckless.”
Over the years, Steve had gained some control in the dreamscape. Tony had the most control, but Steve was able to create things as well. He could manipulate his clothes so he no longer wore the uniform he crashed in…but he couldn't manipulate his face.
Steve smiled at his son feeling pride at the man he was becoming and joy from the fact that he was back.
He and Eddie looked up from the beaker at the same time and locked eyes. The room was silent. Everyone had stopped what they were doing to watch the scientific miracle that had just occurred.
Stark’s words had burned into his mind but, it was his target’s sad eyes were what he visualized. Both made him agitated.
“It’s real,” he whispered breathlessly.
Tony undid the inner button to his slacks then slowly slid the zipper down. As Tony did this, he dragged his free middle and ring finger down the ever expanding opening of Steve's zipper running his fingers down the curvature of Steve’s cock. Steve fisted the sheets underneath him and bit down on his lip. Tony’s touch scorched him through the thin fabric of his boxer briefs and whereas Steve was shaking Tony’s touch was sure and steady.
,” Eddie gasped, hearing the AI for the first time.
He clearly thought wrong...
The man twisted behind Tony and violently stabbed something into the soft space between the corner of Tony’s jaw and neck.
“Is Edwards joining the Commandos?" Peggy asked, openly staring at Tony from Steve’s other side.
“Drop the gun or I inject him.”
Both Steve and Tony stiffened upon Jarvis's words. Tony stared at the ceiling and refused to drop his gaze and meet Steve’s eyes. The sound of the water leaving the showerhead sounded like a roar in his ears.
“And you’re fine with that?” He asked.
“Okay good,” Steve replied with a nervous laugh, “We’ll see you then.”
Something flickered in the assassin’s eyes but he repeated, “Hail, Hydra.”
“Your son might abuse it but I doubt my son will,” Bucky retorted.
Steve gulped and Tony knew he was doomed.
Peter turned to Steve and, when their eyes met, Peter saw Steve’s gaze hone immediately on the fear in Peter’s.
She pulled him toward her with that connection and into an embrace which he did not fight. He fit in her arms like he belonged there and settled in with a sigh. He lay limply in her embrace and he did not attempt to hold her back but he took comfort from her touch. Natasha’s arms were tight around him, as if she were trying to hold him together.
there is no other way?” Tony grumbled, giving the brush a death glare.
Steve nodded but he did not feel any better.
If Steve sounded betrayed before, now the level of Tony’s treachery was so great he sounded utterly destroyed. Tony wanted to embrace him and kiss him until he erased that look of hurt with passion. But he did not move, knowing Steve would not want that, not right now. He stared at Tony with a hurt expression and his question lingering in the air between them. Seeing Steve like this totally shattered Tony.
In the end, he did what he wished someone else had done for him after the Hulk’s first transformation.
SHIELD scared away the populace and whenever Venom got ahold one of the agents, all the other agents fired down upon him with all their strength.
“Da…?” Tony slurred heavily and struggled to open his eyelids like they were a little too heavy. Steve pulled back his hand and put the cloth back in the dish beside the bed. It seemed to take a moment for Tony’s eyes to focus on him and another moment for him to recognize Steve.
who did it. No matter what happened in that time, you will always be my friend…if you’ll still want me…” Tony added the last bit, thinking of his own faults.
Through the cloth he could feel the heat radiating off Tony. Gabe had been pumping him full of penicillin and other anti-inflammatories but Tony’s body was struggling with the infection. Even the light in his chest seemed dimmer…
“We had to go to a few places actually, until we found one the right color,” Natasha said with a smirk and then took a sip out of her own mug.
Tony laughed and Natasha rolled her eyes. She looked up to Thor and motioned to Barnes as she asked, “Can you help me with him?”
“He lasted longer than I thought he would,” she stated with a smirk. She nodded to the food on the table beside her and said, “We’ll start eating.”
The Soldier narrowed his eyes and then his arm swung up and he shot at them. Steve instantly raised his shield and blocked the bullets from hitting either of them.
Ben was in the middle of describing a tiny robot Peter had built when the screens went blank.
Tony didn’t understand at first but then he heard Steve.
“Nice digs,” Wade commented not really looking at the room. He was all eyes just for Peter.
With that, he picked up his bag and ran out of there. Harold called after him but Peter couldn’t make out what he said and didn’t stop to see what was wrong. He ran until there were no more people and jumped down the first empty alley he came across.
Peter quickly schooled his features and joked, “I know, super lame, but he was invited too and I haven’t seen him at all!”
“With a horny old man,” Tony teased, popping open the bottle of lube, making Steve chuckle.
Needless to say, when the shift was done, Peter stuck close to Eddie’s side and avoided everyone else.
“Thank you so much,” Steve said, grasping the lawyer’s shoulder.
“Peter is one of the sweetest boys I have ever met. He loves to make May laugh and he’s always asking me questions, he’s inquisitive, like you.”
“…Wha-? Why is he in the side-yard? Why did he ask that?”
Tony took a sip of coffee and murmured, “MmmHmmm.”
"Great Scott," Tony gasped sarcastically at the intrusion, and breaking their kiss. Steve laughed, making Tony smile at the joyful man above him.
“I’m sorry, Ma’am. Sir has instructed me to leave you three locked in there until he or Master Rogers request otherwise,” Jarvis replied.
Steve felt like his heart was being crushed into a tiny wad of useless muscle.
“STOP IT!” Tony shouted, unable to handle it.
“My reactor?” Tony asked in confusion, he’d already explained to Steve why he had it before.
Wade haltingly wrapped his arms around Peter and, feeling tongue-tied, replied, “I-I want to be with you too, Peter, but…”
He received no answer and he was not expecting one. He was damned why would God answer him?
And it wasn’t Fury, Bucky, Jarvis, or even Hydra this time.
Bucky withdrew a gun from his coat then opened the door with a quick swing. He charged in and Steve reacted automatically as Bucky’s back up. He followed him in and wished his old friend had given him a gun.
He was ashamed by the fact that the symbiote did not need him…
A man who must have been the priest was dusting the banisters and Steve cleared his throat to announce his presence. When the man turned around, Steve said, “Father…I need help.”
”No way,” Steve hissed, digging his fingers deeply into the mattress beneath him.
Tony chuckled and nestled his face into Steve’s chest. His voice still scratchy, Tony said, “Come back to bed…I want to cuddle.”
The Solider grinned and met her halfway to accept her kiss.
Steve reminded himself that everything would be alright once Peter and Venom were locked away in the Hulk Room. The medical team was onsite and would be able to help Peter if he needed it. But, most importantly, Venom could not escape the Hulk Room at full strength so this smaller one was no match. Peter was going to be freed again…he just wasn’t going to come out of it unscathed and he was definitely going to be in worse shape than last time…
Tony’s stomach rolled at the thought but he whispered, “Okay, you take control of my arm though, I won’t be able to do it myself.”
“There was no way in Hell I was going to miss Peter’s birthday,” Bucky said with a grin. His grin fell and he chewed on his lip nervously. He asked, “Wh-where should I put this?” He held up a square box wrapped in newspaper.
“He wasn’t the mission, Coulson. I paid him no mind,” Agent May murmured.
They fell back into routine.
“SHIELD?” Steve cautiously cut in.
“You fainted,” Bucky said bluntly.
Steve’s entire system was overflowing with endorphins and other emotions and…he felt so happy. He was used to a quick fuck and maybe some baseless kissing with the men he’d been with before. But Tony was different. He was so different from everything Steve once knew and it made him
“That luck of ours brought us together, despite everything. You have me for life, Steve,” Tony whispered in a promise.
“But you awe not allowed to ge-get hurted! You awe a superhero!” Peter gasped, his voice bordering on hysterics.
was the sound of your soulmate being executed, Stark,” Schmidt stated, grinning madly as Tony felt like the world around him was crumbling. “I think I
“…I was never given a second chance at a new life and if he’s willing to take it…I want him to have it.”
“Or he really hated the resolution on that TV and wanted you to get a new one,” Tony commented, drawing a chuckle from Steve. Tony sighed contently and whispered, “I love the sound of that laugh…I hate seeing you so downcast. I don’t like that frown marring your pretty face.”
“J, get the Mark 50 ready.”
. This one thing, Peter, please, promise me, do not blame yourself.”
When Steve finished his account, Bucky fell back into the door and groaned, “Of course, the man you find for yourself comes with more baggage than Macy’s luggage department.”
“Right away, Sir,” Jarvis replied to Tony’s unspoken command and the television flickered to life. Music started to play and the familiar symbol of the multi-tiered castle of the Walt Disney Company appeared. Hulk focused on the screen and his shoulders relaxed.
The Soldier had gotten a hold of Steve by the neck from behind and, when Tony faced them, the assassin flipped a knife in his hand and plunged it into Steve’s shoulder. Steve yelled out and then swung his shield back to knock the Soldier off him and dislodge the knife.
“Then let’s get him out and go home.”
“Ohhh yesss,” Tony groaned. This had to be a dream. He and Steve were going to be fuck buddies?
Steve affectionately rubbed Peter’s head as he straightened then went over to the kitchen to prepare him and Tony some food. When Steve went to greet his son, Tony went straight to the coffee pot and was already inhaling the liquid from a mug.
“He should be dead,” the doctor reasoned with a shrug. “Any normal human would have died from such injuries.”
“Overthinking again,” Steve murmured teasingly.
“I’ll explain it to her,” Ben promised with a warm smile. He added, “Once both of you get to know each other, you will see, you will be great friends. She was –
“Tony? Are you okay?”
It was surreal thinking he’d traveled through time
a part of and can
seen,” Tony groaned.
“Yes,” Wade whispered. They shared a quick kiss and Wade whispered, “I…”
The fire burned hotter and dug deep into him like thousands of bolts of white hot lightning. He knew this was it, he knew he would not survive.
“Do you want to meet Peter?” Steve asked cautiously. Steve assumed he would have to cajole her into a meeting. Her anger was a surprise and unnerving…
As always, I will post next week!
“You have a freaking son!” Clint gasped as soon as Peter crawled past him. “What are you going to do?! I would be freaking out right now!”
“Yeah, it’s going to be tough not talking to you about this until you grow up,” Dum Dum laughed.
Steve reached out and grabbed Tony’s arm. He said, “You are not doing this alone!”
Tony sighed and replied, “I know…Where is he?”
This was his son.
I can't believe I was able to post this by Friday! The same day I posted the teaser for this chapter on my tumblr, my computer broke and I lost all the work I had done for this chapter and then some! I got a new computer and started working again and everything was working fine until I finished writing this chapter and Word randomly decided to not save the last three pages! GAH D:
“Thank God,” Tony sighed. He carefully pulled his phone out of his pocket and pressed a few buttons before bringing it up to his ear. He kept one hand on Peter and said in a hushed voice, “Jarvis, get a cleaning crew to sterilize every corner of Steve’s floor. Make it snappy, we have an hour time limit!”
“Yup!” Peter replied, sitting down with a smile.
“HQ has been breached. All our high security prisoners have escaped, we need the team to help our agents round these people up. There are a lot of powered ones,” Coulson announced over the speaker.
Wade and Peter exchanged glances and Wade’s face suddenly split into a large grin. To Peter, he gasped, “Your parents totally set us up!”
He did not move like she predicted but his eyes remained on her and he paid no heed to the gun.
Needless to say, Tony credited the townspeople emergence to his cliché American greeting. Jacques would accredit it to the fact that he called out French greetings but Tony would come to disagree with this.
“I can never apologize enough,” Tony whispered.
“No, Capsicle, you don’t have to deny it,” Tony said, shaking his head. “I would not ask that of you…”
“J! Give me a close up with a cleaner image!”
“Howard is a consult and is not bound by the army's regulations,” the super soldier retorted with a grin.
Richard Parker and Tony Stark reportedly had a physical altercation at the labs. After that, they were never seen together in public again.
“I’ve been thinking…” Tony murmured, bumping his arm into Steve’s side.
,” Steve could not get the words out. He betrayed Tony. He broke his heart. He never got to make it better. He never got to tell him in person how much he loved him.
“The Big Green Meanie need not come about because we are going to talk science!”
Steve’s heart clenched and his head snapped up to meet Tony’s eyes. His expression was hurt and he was shaking his head as if to deny the truth.
“Did you sleep at all last night?”
What little dust was in the coffin had settled in a fine layer over the silks and shield. It would have stayed if not for the slight tremor that ran through the casket.
Tony hunched over, attached to a car battery.
Wade’s body was hot and he also had an
Peter snorted and rolled his eyes. Even before Venom, Peter was a pretty good match up with Natasha. His Spidey-Sense was a formidable defense as was his flexibility and strength in offense. With Venom, this sparring was going to be Peter’s easy win.
“We have this under control, Mr. Stark,” Coulson replied dryly.
“Me too, baby boy,” Wade murmured fondly. “Me too…”
When his thumb touched the screen, it lit up with the last image Wade had been looking at: It had been from Valentine’s Day, when Wade had bought a ridiculous amount of roses and chocolate. The picture itself was a selfie Wade took of both of them wearing the rose crowns Wade had made himself. He’d just put them on the both of them so the picture was able to capture Peter laughing with flushed cheeks and tears glistening the corners of his eyes.
"Sir, Agent Coulson is here and would like a word with you," Jarvis announced. The AI's voice seemed louder than usual even though it was at its normal volume.
Steve’s heart seized as he instantly imagined being charged guilty and Tony’s words of it “being over before you know it” pertained to their relationship and not the trial.
let this monster go back to his son.
An attendant came in to deliver the daily reports, only to have his throat crushed by the Red Skull in his ire.
Tony wrapped his arms behind Steve’s neck, bringing their faces centimeters apart. He rubbed his nose against Steve’s causing Steve lips to part in a smile. Into his mouth, Tony whispered, “This is another reminder…”
"I used up all the juice in the bracelet. I-uh-had to redo some moves to make sure I got everything right. So we had to find another way home."
Bruce nodded and the others parted. Thor got in the final word by calling out, “Hearty congratulations upon your genuine blessed union!”
After all the aliens were killed or captured, Steve stormed up to Tony, with gritted teeth and filled with indignant anger.
He never before felt so content with his life.
Before you read...
Venom’s body liquefied and Steve felt like he was going to throw up. Did Peter just liquefy too? Or…He could not fathom the thought that his son was already gone. They just joined, they still had to have time to separate them! Venom poured down the side of the car and into the drain bellow.
“I was just hit by an EMP, it fried my suit but didn’t hurt me. I couldn’t move because the suit was too heavy.”
“TONY?!” Steve screamed and the Winter Soldier used the distraction to hit him across the head with his gun and then point the weapon at Steve. Steve knocked the gun out of his hand with his shield and the two started to exchange wild punches and kicks. Steve was getting beaten badly as he kept looking down at Tony.
Natasha smirked and commented, “You always had a better eye for detail.”
Peter's flush darkened. How deep did Wade's feelings already go?
No, he would hold onto Steve’s image in his mind’s eye even if it cost him his sanity. Tony closed his eyes and pictured Steve as he had last saw him, laid out beside him with a content, loving smile.
Steve looked down and said, “I asked him to stay. I know you might not like it but he was there for me when I thought you were dead…” Steve bit down on his lip, not knowing how Tony was going to take it, and said, “He kissed me again, Tony.”
Tony was propped up like Steve with his right side bandaged.
“N-Natasha – ,” Steve tried to say anything but he could not get the words out.
Natasha was always watching him. At first, she was looking for betrayal, she thought he might try to get revenge for her attacking him but he acted like she never did. Then she was looking for him to come at her for her body. They were soulmates so it was expected to be intimately involved and she slept with a knife under her pillow, unwilling to share her body for a principle. But he never came to her, not even for a chaste kiss.
“We’re going to work on his flips. He’s a natural but he keeps landing in a crouched position and catching himself with his fingertips and making them stick to the mats. I keep telling him to not use his powers but he forgets in the heat of the moment,” Natasha said with a shrug. Peter had run the entirety of the gym in less than 30 seconds without a sweat or becoming winded and was slowing to a stop. Natasha yelled out to him, “Don’t stop until I tell you to!” Peter instantly leapt back into his jogging.
“Tony –!? Tony, baby, answer me!” Steve’s voice gasped, his voice frantically louder than the AI’s.
“I am the Fuddy-Duddy,” Steve declared, dropping his hands. “Happy, Buck?”
“I’m fine, dad! Just got a pounding headache and a rather large leech on me but Wanda has me so I’ll be okay!” Peter assured him. “You can fret over me as much as you want once you’re checked out and I am free of the symbiote.”
The only noted difference he saw was in Tony’s plans as his automated suit took form and solidified into something more real and plausible.
. Jarvis would have probably been a little more sarcastic in the retort but Tony knew if he asked Vision that the android’s reply would be just as rational and would do nothing to distract Tony from his nerves.
I will be coming out with a Soulmate AU for Steve and Tony next! If you're interested in reading either subscribe to my Ao3 account or follow me on
“The pictures are going to turn out great! The bags under our eyes are spectacular!” Tony stated, his voice heavy with sarcasm.
His mind inadvertently went back to the last funeral he attended over seventy years ago. His mother had died long before World War II and Steve becoming Captain America, Steve had grieved similarly afterwards, swallowing his tears and his body trembling with the contained grief instead. Bucky had been there and, despite Steve’s protests he stayed with him the entire night. It was because of Bucky, Steve was able to manage his mother's grief. His only explanation for staying with him being, “It’s you and me till the end of the line.”
“Well, babe, I am sorta a celebrity so several someones can talk,” Tony teased, playfully rubbing his nose against Steve’s.
The courtroom was larger than the one he was in for the preliminary hearing. As Steve stepped in, his eyes spanned upward to take in the high ceilings and as his eyes came back down he met the dark gaze of the one person he did not want to see.
Peter groaned, “Oh God, is that true? What pictures have they been using? Wait, no, I don’t want to know!”
"And then we had to complete the mission with a very finite number of jumps left," Natasha teased Bucky, sliding in next to him. She carded his fingers into Bucky's one good hand and they both smiled warmly at each other with sparkling eyes.
They lay in bed silent for a few minutes, sleepily cuddling. Wade checked him over as covertly as he could but Peter still noticed when Wade ran his hands over his arms. His skin was still puffy and red, especially in the spots where the worst of the burns had been. He looked like he had a really weird, splotchey sunburn and, when Wade ran his gentle fingers over it, he still felt a sudden, sharp twinge of pain. Peter purposely did not react to the pain, not wanting to worry Wade.
Kneading her breast, he leaned down and breathed into her mouth, “
Peter took off Wade’s mask and tossed it on the nearest table as he whispered into his lips, “I love it.”
to hold your hand right now. I wish I could hold your hand but…all I can do, is this…” He lightly angled his foot to rub against Steve's ankle. He planted his foot on the ground beside Steve's but it remained pressed into his and his warmth sunk into Steve's body.
He explained his ailments and she grinned. She cupped his arm and murmured, “I think you are happy here, with me.”
Steve rolled his eyes at his teammates antics but was quickly distracted by the fire commissioner and the mayor coming up to Tony and him. Clint and Nat slipped away snickering at their expense.
Tony grasped Steve’s hand tightly and whispered, “Kiss me.”
“Yes…Yes, of course,” Stark replied, agreeing with him too readily. He quickly crossed the room and picked up the sketch. Coulson frowned at the action. He wanted to look at it longer. He’d never seen a sketch of Howard alone before. Stark rolled up the image and asked, “Is there something you need me to consult on? Or do you have those notes for me?”
Steve and Tony stepped on either side of the man and then exchanged glances.
"You wouldn't, Steve," Tony gasped. "You are still you no matter who you choose to be with!"
Natasha had finished her tea and the newspaper since then and returned to her quarters to go through some reports. Bruce also finished and returned to his lab, muttering something about gestation periods. Clint was back on the couch, with his feet on the coffee table, and his hands twisting all over the video game controller. On the television screen his soldier was shooting at zombies.
“…I shall take you to your apartments, Master Rogers,” Jarvis stated gently and the elevator began to move.
ago that was,” Steve murmured. He kissed the side of his neck and Tony groaned.
They met no one until they came upon the end.
Steve pressed his body into Tony’s and his tongue speared itself into his mouth. Tony was so shocked that he didn't respond. Steve broke the kiss and Tony gasped, “I guess that's a yes?”
Steve shifted uncomfortably and wondered how best to phrase he was fine with absolutely
“Ugh, I look even worse like this,” Wade jokingly groaned, rubbing at his eyes.
Tony nodded with an ecstatic smile.
“Yes, I was going to try to explain it him when you and Stark came back,” Bucky replied with a shrug.
“I can’t wait until that is true,” Steve murmured, lightly caressing the side of Tony’s arm. Tony relented to the blow jobs but he would not make love with Steve until he knew he was totally healed. Steve could not wait to take Tony in his arms and show him how much he really loved him.
She left the apartment to go to ballet practice without a word. He sat on the couch and didn’t move from it as he waited the hours it took for her to come back.
An unspeakable rage had burned through him when Iron Man burned a hole into the Captain’s chest. He retaliated by destroying the component in his chest that kept him alive and left him for dead in the helicarrier. He then saved the Captain from the dying helicarrier and spirited him away but…he didn’t even know why he did it. He was acting on pure instinct and felt like he
Norman turned and caught Iron Man before he hit him.
He replied, “Top level, alpha exit.”
There was no furniture, not even a cot for him to sleep on. The only loose article was the wool blanket they had given him. They wanted to take away his power so he wouldn’t try to hurt his target but, even with just a blanket, he knew at least a dozen ways to kill someone even in his one-armed state.
you can do your own research!”
He had been sitting on the bed ever since Sam texted him. Standing up felt like a gargantuan effort but he was able to do it with one mighty heave. He was still wearing the nice clothes he had changed into after his shower so, when he stated moving, he did not pause to slip into something else.
“Air Force,” Sam replied. “Pararescue.”
and that will never change.”
Steve looked around them for the first time since waking. They were in some kind of storage facility and the boxes in this area looked extremely dusty…like they hadn’t been touched in years. One of the boxes Cable had laid him on had opened, spilling out its contents. It was where the notebook had come from along with decades old plans for a Stark Expo.  He turned back to Cable and gasped, “I think we were always supposed to come here…to the future. How else would Tony have found this notebook? We must leave it somewhere for him to find and then…” His voice broke a little as he stated, “A-And then he finds me.”
Howard pulled back from the hug, smiling happily at him. He tapped Tony’s chest, right above his heart again, and murmured, “I am fine with that. As long as I know
! Venom was no longer primitive. He had evolved. He was cunning. He could turn this around.
With a defeated expression, Peter climbed out of the pool and helped Steve pick Bucky up. Steve took the majority of his friend’s weight and Peter unhappily held his uncle’s feet. His friend could be out anywhere from a few minutes to an hour so he took him inside.
Steve pulled back with a smirk and gasped, “Tony, you have never been proper!”
He was going to gain the weapon and then rip Tony out of Bucky’s hands but froze a few feet from the gun when Tony cried out sharply.
“There
He immediately contacted Romanov and she picked up on the first ring. She probably had eyes on him ever since he exited the building.
Aunt Tasha demanded, “What were you thinking??”
Bucky turned his head to look outside the window where their families were all gathered around the large table outside. Steve looked with him. They were already starting to eat and Tony and Peter were sitting next to each other and Tony had an empty space next to him where Steve would sit.
Steve watched him with a fond smile as Tony dragged himself over to the fire and plopped himself on the ground beside Steve. He ridiculously felt more happy by the fact that Tony was drawn to his side when he was barely conscious.
Silence fell between them and Steve studied Tony, who still refused to meet his gaze. Tony…Tony didn’t think he was still alive…did he?
He touched the place on his neck where he had been cut in the future and the robots had been near frantic to heal it.
The detectives glared at the lawyers but Steve shot a grateful glance toward the woman. Steve usually would have berated Tony for talking to an officer like that but he was currently having trouble finding his voice at the moment. His shock returned and he currently was baffled by the fact he was being treated like a criminal by people he had worked with and helped. Did they really believe he did it?
They kissed again, this time a little longer and a little filthier as their tongues twisted together.
He could not meet Natasha’s knowing eyes nor deal with Clint’s reaction to his and Natasha’s old kiss.
“How about Twitter? Can I tweet whenever I make you come?” Tony teased jokingly.
. That is going to come out in trial and we are going to win.”
“Captain, come here!” Fury barked.
“Yeah…He is…”
Everyone in the audience was on their feet and screaming. Steve could barely hear himself think it was so loud. He smiled and raised his hand in greeting and they yelled all the louder.
It was hard on Steve’s heart but Sam was always there knowing just what to say when Steve stumbled for words or Steve himself felt himself spiraling.
They were in Los Angeles.
Bruce lightly touched his shoulder and whispered his name but Tony ignored him. He stared at Steve instead and tried to come up with another way to wake him but was coming up with nothing.
His target rubbed her throat with a wince and huskily replied, “I thought they did. They shot him in the base of his skull. But he’s a super soldier, he must have survived…”
The machine hummed to life with his hands buried deep in its mechanics under the chair. It glowed with a blue light, similar to the one his arc reactor gave off but…darker.
Peggy was silent in reply and, with a thudding heart, Steve pushed down on the controls, pointing the plane downward. The plane started to shudder from the speed and Steve’s fingers began to shake too.
He reached forward and put his hands on Tony’s hips, pulling him closer.
With narrowing eyes, her soulmate withdrew a knife from his sleeve.
Tony lay his head on Steve’s arm and murmured, “Sir, yes, Sir.”
Bucky and Gabe exchanged glances. Tony’s statement was loaded and Bucky couldn’t help but wonder what it was Tony knew about the future that bothered him so.
“Hey, hey! Stop you two! And get your suit jackets on! Are you going to get married or just skip to the honeymoon?” Pepper chided.
Captain Steven Grant Rogers was an insatiable beast.
He could accomplish so much with this. He even felt physically stronger wearing it. He wouldn't have to explain away cuts or bruise to Aunt May anymore either!
listen.
“It’s one of our nation’s songs I can’t claim it for my own,” Tony retorted.
“I can connect Master Rogers to the same feed I am connected to in your suit, Sir. He will be aware of the battle at all times and will be able to communicate with you.”
“I thought…I thought they were shrapnel and surgery wounds…” Steve murmured, his eyes trailing over Tony’s torso with an unhappy frown.
win the War because we changed the future too much?” Steve countered. Bucky frowned at him and Steve continued, “Gather the rest of the Commandos. We need to tell them about Sneaky.”
Steve’s eyes trailed over the damage made by the stones to Tony’s body.
Steve offered to stay behind but Tony insisted he go. After a lot of goading, Steve eventually relented and Tony freed August 20th to drink the night away. Jarvis made sure to make a number of quips about his drinking and lying to Steve but Tony weathered through it.
but he needed to tell Pep the story and he didn’t know if he was ready to talk about it.
, Tony,” Steve gasped as the man beneath him tugged on his nipples, making his cock throb from the sensation. Steve lightly rutted against the time traveler in retribution, making Tony chuckle.
Natasha rolled her eyes then turned away from Clint and she stared at Steve with a renewed interest. Steve squirmed under her stare and could not look her in the eye. Natasha leaned in and he tilted back.
“I don’t know,” Happy gasped, his fingers white on the steering wheel. “It felt like one of the front wheels caught on something…”
Thor nodded and Natasha directed the large man to carefully lift the unconscious man. In the moments they took to maneuver Barnes carefully, Tony took the time to share a private moment with his soulmate.
“Yeah – Yeah, of course!” Gabe said, waving them toward the back of the tent. He pointed out a cot and Steve laid Tony out on it. Tony finally opened his eyes and turned to Gabe, saying, “Hey, man, good to see you again.”
"Caring for you, Sir," Jarvis replied. "I must do all that is within my power to better my creator's existence. Peter Parker's association will greatly increase your happiness, thus provide you with a better living environment."
Wade’s hand tightened on Peter’s wrist forcing him to cup Wade’s cheek. Wade murmured, “Baby boy, these little scratches or a B-Rating Movie Monster isn’t going to stop me so don’t let it stop you either. I know you’re stronger than that.”
Tony sputtered for a moment and then countered, “No, it’d be Peter!”
, would be a good boyfriend to me.” He stopped laughing and caressed Tony’s hipbones with his thumbs. Smiling sadly as he stared at the arc reactor, Steve whispered, “It’s funny because I told you I loved you only a couple of weeks ago and haven’t stopped saying it in my head since then, even though…even though I know there was no chance of you loving me back.” Steve sighed, his breath hitching pathetically as he did. Since he was clearly, stupidly showing that he still pinned after Tony, Steve said, “You can laugh at me now…”
The rest of the week was mostly a debate between Phil and Pepper, over what Steve would wear. First, they discussed whether or not he’d wear the Army’s dress uniform or a tuxedo like Tony. Once they finally decided on the dress uniform they then got into a debate whether he’d wear the more modern navy blue uniform or the one from his era that was olive green.
“You're no good at fibbing, especially to me,” Bucky stated. “And you've been making goo-goo eyes at each other
The conversation ultimately steered straight to Zola again and they talked freely about it with no fear of anyone overhearing their plans. They camped just far enough away from the main body of the 107
Oh, yeah, that’s why. He’s crazy about Steve.
“I’ve just grown used to him being around,” Tony explained. And he’d grown used to having another in his usually lonely life, to waking up in Steve’s arms, seeing his warm smile whenever he looked at him, having him only a room away, and…just having his presence in their home. The tower felt too empty without Steve. He felt empty without Steve…
What he wasn’t expecting was Tony to punch him in the nose with enough force to knock him off his feet. Pain was dull due to the dream but Steve still felt a sharp pinch and blood dripped from his nose probably because he imagined it.
It was hot out, even with the sun setting. Peter had dressed in his everyday clothes of a baggy shirt and jeans. He also wore large aviator sunglasses to help hide his face. As he slipped on the glasses, he morbidly wished his identity had been discovered in the winter. He’d have been able to cover his face without sweltering or looking odd. No one was in their general area so Peter relaxed a fraction.
Any good feeling he had disappeared when he saw the same thing that had happened to Tony was going to happen to their future son.
“I knew old ladies back in Brooklyn who had a tougher punch than this thing,” Steve hissed. He was antagonizing the Red Skull and he knew it wouldn’t do him good but that flicker of annoyance in the man’s eyes was reward enough.
Clint and Thor were quickly drawn into Steve and Peter’s game which involved keeping as many balloons off the floor as possible. With three Avengers at Peter’s side, the insurmountable task was made possible and Peter ran between his father and uncles, gleefully helping beneath the ever moving canopy of bulbous rainbows.
Why did he do that? How was he going to meet Tony’s eyes now?
“I know you will be,” she whispered. “You're a strong boy, like your Uncle Ben. One day you'll look back on this and laugh.”
Steve took a step toward Bucky but then remembered Tony.
Smirking, the Red Skull shook his head and stated, “I don’t want to kill you. I just want to destroy what makes you,
It was all too fast. His mind could barely keep up with what was happening before him.
As soon as their gazes met, Steve’s eyes were searching his, for what, Tony could only guess at…because, before he could find whatever it was he was looking for, Bucky butted in.
Because holy hell, what a nightmare…opening up with the obvious trauma of his childhood neglect and then diving into the shit storm that he was headed toward with no warning.
Peter’s inner conscious berated him.
“Hey, Steve,” Tony began. Done, easy. He was a pro so far. He stared at that stoic marble face and felt his resolve crumble a little.
Peter dropped his head. Steve was right…
He was trapped until the suit miraculously came online again or someone release the safety valve inside his neck.
Tony smiled ruefully at him as he remembered both Steve and Bucky’s impending deaths. He doubted the super soldier wouldn’t be influenced by those events. He asked, “What do you want to know?”
“Hmm?” Steve hummed, not yet disconnecting his lips from Tony’s flesh.
The Commandos laughed and Tony rolled his eyes. He replied, “Alright, jerks, I’ll see all of you in the morning.”
“Son?!?” Tony finished in complete shock.
Wade hovered in the background. He didn't belong with the Avengers. No one spoke to him and he didn't think a few even noticed he was there. He wasn't one of them but Peter was so all of the Avengers had assembled.
Steve’s hips trembled as he fought to keep himself from thrusting deeper into his mouth. Desire fogged his mind and words slipped out of his mouth with abandon. He told Tony how amazing he felt, how great he was, how much he loved his tongue… He would have blushed upon how freely he spoke but at that moment it did not matter, especially when Tony started to use that tongue. As he sucked, his tongue began to move around Steve’s shaft, exploring it and totally destroying Steve’s control.
“No, you’re talking to me right now,” Natasha replied as she glared back.
Steve let go of Tony and felt his mind connecting the dots with amazing clarity. He whispered, “That’s how Hydra ends, with Schmidt. Something must have happened in the other timeline because of Bucky’s presence that prevented that…”
Steve nodded and turned back to Tony. He gazed down at his husband and watched every precious breath he took.
“…What are you doing here?” Steve asked, getting straight to the point.
Which was when Hydra attacked.
“Be careful…I know you want answers but sometimes they’re not always what you want,” the projection stated, reiterating the last words his father told the suit in the alternative future. Even his voice had aged and was rougher than what Tony remembered. Howard continued, “I know I have told you this many times…but Hydra is formidable. More so now than when they had first formed.” Howard paused and emotions Tony never saw before burned in his father’s gaze as he stated, “Tony, when you go out there, you need to remember one important thing about Hydra: when you cut off one head, two will
“He’s a
He ignored his spidey-sense as she hit him a second time and gasped,” Why didn’t you tell me you were interested in men??”
Bucky slowly circled the mat Natasha and Peter were working on. Natasha had instilled a work ethic into Peter so he did not pause to greet his uncle though he did puff up his chest and hit with more force. Natasha ignored Bucky but grew tenser and her gaze angry.
Originally, the boy was to have no part in Norman’s life.
Steve shrugged again and murmured, “I grew up in New York City, so I never needed a car, and I don’t have many friends so never saw the use of Facebook…”
“I’m afraid I don’t understand,” the woman replied, her fake smile cracking a little.
“I figure I’ll just go northwest from there,” Steve said with a grin. Tony’s home was on the coast and north of Los Angeles. He’ll just run to the coast and then run along the main coastal road until he came across his house. The booklet had a photo of Tony’s home and it would be hard to miss.
Steve’s first reaction was to be impressed. He could count the number of villains on a single hand that had been able to completely overwhelm him like these ordinary humans just did.
He had seen Peter cry out of frustration, cry from exhaustion, cry out of stubbornness, and, worst of all, cry because of the memoires he had from being an experiment in Hydra. Despite all those times, he had never seen Peter cry like this. He had never seen such terror in his eyes. It was almost like he knew his demise was possible.
Steve nodded and let Bruce drag him to the elevators. Clint called out Thor’s name, catching the thunder god’s attention. He dashed inside, his long, blond locks plastered to his face, and gasped, “Any word on Peter??”
He could not sleep. The precious content feeling he got whenever Tony was by his side was gone and was replaced by a horrible, acidic burning deep in his abdomen. To distract himself, he thought of what he would say to Tony in the morning. He spent hours on it and came up with countless speeches and apologies he would make to him.
After the wipe, the Soldier woke to find his implant ticking away.
Over the communicator the rest of the team heard the man’s words and every single one of them belted out a variation of a curse word or words of disbelief.
And Steve spent most of that time trying to help Tony. Whether it was checking in on his health with Gabe or discussing materials with Howard that he would need, he was always thinking about what he could do for the man.
“Not that I don’t love our little visits,” Tony drawled. “But, by your presence, I take it you’re here because of Steve?”
“Yeah, not going to happen,” Tony retorted with a snort.
“The subject?” Bucky asked.
“But what about Uncle Bucky?”
Pepper helped prop him to his feet and led him into the living room where she deposited him on the couch. She knelt before him and cupped his face.
“Yes, Master Rogers,” Jarvis replied at the elevator doors began to shut. Tony’s hand shot out and stopped the doors from closing.
He could not believe he was thinking such impure thoughts about his friend. If Tony knew he would probably be disgusted.
“If I don’t come back,” Tony quickly gasped. “You need to know-.”
He must have misheard Jarvis.
“Where are they?” Steve asked as he shakily got to his feet.
Tony accepted the mug with both hands and he smirked shyly at Steve.
Steve continued to sleep with his feet propped up with the recliner portion of the couch and a blanket wrapped around him. Tony pushed himself out of his own blanket and guessed something outside had probably woken him. The city never slept. It was very plausible something outside made a noise loud enough to wake him.
“I still can’t tell if you are joking,” Steve said and looked at his best friend with a narrow gaze, trying to determine if he was pulling his leg or not. Bucky’s eyes were sparkling with mirth and Steve couldn’t tell why! Ever since they found out they were having a girl they’ve been calling her Natasha Jr. but did so with a laugh and were not revealing if it was actually going to be her name or not.
Tony caught that hand and gently kissed it. He brought Steve back to the present as he whispered, “I missed you so much, beloved…”
He captured Steve’s lips again and grabbed Steve’s cock with one of his hands.
Tony’s eyes flashed with understanding as if he could read Steve’s mind. His gaze dropped and he said, “Well alright then…Unless you want to get that practice in right now, I guess we can move on and can check out the new articles for today, see where public opinion –.”
Though now…He snuck an appraising glance over the rest of Tony’s profile. An exciting thrill ran through him as he viewed his mate. It still felt forbidden but it made it all the greater that it was no longer bad. From his nice build to his dark eyes, the man was handsome.
He squinted at the empty bed and blinked a few times to make sure he was really seeing it devoid of both Peter and Tony. He saw Peter’s IV pole on the other side of the bed and stepped closer to perhaps get a clue as to what happened.
When the volume got to a manageable level, Steve gave him a little squeeze and stated, “And we decided we didn’t want to wait so, we invite you to join us for our wedding.”
ticket home.
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabe eventually finished the song with a loud riff and then bowed to the Commandos. They all cheered and someone thrust another beer into Gabe’s hand, putting a halt to the music.
Bucky fist pumped thinking he dodged a natural ailment of aging…but the horrible irony was that he’d never even get the chance to lose his hair because he was going to lose his life first.
Steve went to his room to shower, probably to get the filth of the paparazzi off of him but, upon cracking open the first magazine, Tony knew they were the first thing Steve needed to see as soon as he was out.
“My job, I’m Iron Man, member of the Avengers, Earth’s Mightiest Heroes, remember?”
Steve shrugged and murmured, “I don’t know…”
“Pops?” Peter asked, looking at Steve.
Tony was frowning at him and murmured indignantly, “I could have easily avoided this if I used my suit…”
“Nothing at this end either…” Tony groaned. “It’s like this guy was a ghost…”
He stopped talking and the room got so quiet that Steve could have sworn Tony stopped breathing. He could tell Tony wanted to say more but he remained tightlipped as if unable to speak anymore.
Pepper sighed heavily and said, “…Also, your lab has been closed for the day.”
As soon as Marcel sat down, Steve whispered, “If I weren’t dating Tony, I would kiss you right now.”
He reached out to Tony and he could not help but remember the last time he lay in a hospital bed and reached out to him. Tony had denied him last time. Tony stared at his outstretched hand and stated, “…Steve, I want to say some things, things that you won’t want to hear but I need to do this or I will question this relationship for the rest of my life.” Tony’s gaze stayed fixated on Steve’s hand so he kept it outstretched but his muscles tensed and his fingers threatened to tremble.
There was a loud electrical buzz and the Iron Man suit went flying past them.
“What could they want?” Steve murmured.
,” Tony angrily reasoned.
He promised Tony he’d come to his room after his shower…
They didn’t have a shower on board so Steve used one of his fresh shirts to rub off as much sweat and grime from the battle as he could from his face and torso. He then quickly changed into his spare white shirt and jeans. He still felt stinky after putting on the clean clothes but there was nothing more he could do with his time limit.
“Steve?” Bucky asked in concern.
Tony’s stomach clenched. He immediately assumed the worst and Schmidt was gone. Tony had left him as soon as he heard the gunshots. The snake
Every night, Steve never immediately put up the barrier. He always gave Tony a chance to give up. When he finally did, Steve expected a sulky Tony, refusing to talk to him would be the sign that their fight was over.
“Guilty!” their kidnapper said, stepping forward with a chuckle. “Now you two stay here! I’ll get Petey! Where is he, TGI Friday?”
gone into the field for the less than savory parts that needed to be completed in order for success. And Coulson and Fury
“It is,” Steve replied, shifting his hold on Peter. “First and foremost, you two are my friends. I don’t want this kind of hatred between my friends. And secondly, we’re a team and I’m the leader. I can’t have these kinds of secrets, especially if Bucky stays. It will break apart the team, I can’t have that happen.”
He didn’t know what shocked him more: the fact that, that red figure was Deadpool or that he was carrying an obviously unconscious Peter in his arms.
Tony only half heard her as Steve’s fingers began to caress Tony’s shoulder. He was slowly making his way toward Tony’s neck and all Tony could think about was that one spot where he was extremely sensitive, right behind his ear, and how much he wanted Steve to touch him there.
Steve was the first out of the van and he ran to the entrance to the secret facility where the two stood.
“I know so,” Steve replied and Tony awarded him with one of the happiest smiles he had ever seen to split the man’s face. It was powerful enough to make Steve feel like he had fallen in love with Tony all over again.
“Hey, guys!” Peter greeted.
Peter and Steve laughed and the small family turned to the rest of the gathered party in the room. Peter greeted the gathered Avengers and Pepper. His dad was glued to his side and shared in all the conversations Peter had with his teammates and extended family.
Tony turned around and Steve was looking down at him with an indistinguishable expression. Steve’s mouth was a thin line as he clenched his jaw and his eyes were glassy. Steve had
Steve cupped the back of Tony’s head and pulled him into a quick kiss.
“Not if you are watching to see what’s going to happen,” Tony stated, bumping his arm lightly with the puffy, red glove. “She’s going to know something’s up if you are watching her like a hawk! C’mon fight me.”
“The time traveling and resulting paradoxes will not stop. You created time travel, Stark. The design is out there and both of your hands will be in it for the rest of eternity,” Cable stated, holding up his glove. Steve never got a good look at it until that moment and as he stared at it, he realized it looked
“No, Papa! Don’ wanna be hurted! Papa, nooooo!”
“Hell, yeah, he does!” Bucky angrily retorted on his behalf.
“Thank God!” Tony gasped. He grabbed Steve’s arm and said, “Let’s go get some coffee or I am going to fall asleep by the time they call mistrial and there is
Steve pulled his hood down lower over his face and stalked toward the ambulance bay doors. He planned to stalk the area until an opportune victim appeared.
“Tony…”
Steve nodded and then he turned to Gabe, saying, “I’ll meet you there?”
The question threw Steve for a loop.
Steve motioned to the bush and explained, “This is a living thing. It needs the branch to grow.”
Steve stared proudly at his son but his bottom lip trembled and, when he spoke, his voice shook. “You are
He wordlessly made breakfast as she was in the shower and had their customary oatmeal ready and waiting for her when she came out dressed in fresh clothes and with wet hair. She surprised him when she picked up her bowl and chair and moved the various items to sit beside all of his. Her chair was so close that she was able to lean into his side and he could just smell the cleanliness of the fresh soap on her skin.
Tony twirled his finger around, brushing against his sensitive insides. Steve was mumbling nonsense and thrusting into Tony’s touch. He did not think it could get any better but Tony proved him wrong when he added a second finger.
was going. They even planned a time and place to meet after the second night watch started their shift. Most would be asleep and wouldn’t notice their departure. Steve may have been wary at first, but now he was obviously willing to try it out. After all, they both had nothing to lose in the end.
Bucky’s eyes nearly popped out of his head as the arc reactor was revealed.
“I’ll notify the police that you are removing the possible belligerent man,” Jarvis stated.
Tony cleared his throat and adopted a very serious expression as he grasped one hand and placed another on Steve's waist. Steve did the same, though his serious expression was over-exaggerated and it looked like he was smothering another laugh behind his twitching lips.
Peter’s gaze turned inward and he whispered, “I always could do it…even when I was with the mean people.”
Tony smiled and tears began to fall from his eyes again as he honestly gasped, “You being alive is the farthest thing from being a disappointment.”
Ben and May Parker lived in a very quaint house in a suburban Queens neighborhood. It was small, two-story house that looked with its ranch-style it looked like it had been built in the 1970s. It had a large flower bed in front of it and a nice manicured lawn. The front door was open to let in fresh air through the wrought iron screen door. The door opened up to a porch, it was in the need of a new paint job and three, uneven stairs led up to the porch a few feet from the sidewalk.
“No,” Steve exhaled on a sharp breath. “
Venom raked itself with its own claws and tendrils of black mass flailed from its body.
He did not have much time left so sleeping seemed like a waste of time…but he couldn’t bring himself to leave Tony’s side.
“Okay, I’ve set up base in the dining room. When you are done, we can all share breakfast together.”
Steve had taken Peter to the Central Park Zoo for the third time that week and Peter could not get enough of it. They got there just as the gates were opening so the larger afternoon crowds had yet to arrive.
“Our razors are electric and move as we shave and our shaving cream comes pre-foamed in the can…I remember seeing my grandfather use this stuff as a kid but I've never used it myself…”
Steve was quick to follow and they walked out into the night side-by-side. Tony pinched his arm and murmured, “I’d be holding your hand right now, if it wouldn’t get you in trouble.”
Jesus
Tony just blinked at him. "Yeah, that sounds not true."
"It's not a matter of life and death," Steve muttered.
Tony clicked the button to begin the online application. "Yeah, keep it up there, chuckles. You may be marrying Natasha Carbonell just yet."
Steve sat, seemingly contemplating this before he said, "Wasn't, uh— Wasn't that the, uh, name of the daughter — your daughter? The, ah, one from the future, I mean?"
"Really? You're not just saying that to—"
"I'm getting distinct shades of a power-play fantasy here. And I hate to break it to you, but Cap strikes me as the type that likes to be in charge
that I think there's anything wrong with that. I trust Captain America more than I trust most of those other assclowns."
Tony shrugged a little. "We've gone over it before, Steve. It's the way it has to be. Guess I really won't be able to leave the Tower now, huh?"
"No, I do," he countered and wiped off the worktop of the station. "You don't realize how filthy it gets down here. It hasn't had a thorough cleaning since, well, it got redone after Loki and Jolly Green smashy-smashied the building on me."
story," Tony said, "mostly involving magic and space goddesses — but don't use that term around Steve 'cause he gets pissy about it — and being 'soul mates'—" he used finger quotes on the term, "—with each other." And then, before she could ask anything else, he motioned to the prints that surrounded them and said, "So, what's this all about?"
He thought he was going to be sick again. He swallowed whatever it was that was coming up in his throat and hugged his arms tighter around himself. He sobbed, pressing his forehead even tighter against the steering wheel and letting the tears fall everywhere.
it to be true, right?
"What's your name?"
"I didn't force you to do
"Why not 'Margaret Virginia'?"
"I mean in our defense, we don't usually have a need for condoms unless we want to keep the mess—" He clamped his mouth shut as he realized what was coming out of his mouth. "S'not really important. Anyway, so, I mean, come on. You suddenly find yourself with not just a different body but a different
"And the stupid son-of-a-bitch is just laying there, isn't he? Ready, willing, and able to take it."
"Yeah huh."
was OK when cola wasn't, but Steve shrugged and said, "You wanted a chocolate shake," before he dunked a fry in ketchup and shoved it in his mouth.
"Tony—"
"What? No. I have to go tell New York how fucking phenomenal you are in the sack." He glanced to the others and said, "Look, fellas, cunnilingus? It's a thing, and it's
"Yeah," he replied, quiet and with more meaning to it than Tony had the means to process at the moment.
"It's something I started on a few weeks ago," Steve said, and Tony just blinked at him and shook his head a little.
"Uh, the fourteenth, I think. August fourteenth. That's what Doctor Ganford said before. Weren't you listening to her?"
Natasha thinned her lips as she looked over his wrist and then set it back down. "Does he know he did it?"
She frowned a little. "Are you sure? Tony, we don't have to—"
Steve opened his eyes and frowned at Bucky. "Buck, it's not that—"
happy about) as they ran measuring tapes all over his body, wrote down things, and nodded to each other about suggested styles and materials, Natasha sitting in a leather-backed chair and watching them for any suspicious activity. After the measurements had been taken, one held different swatches of color and material up against him as the other looked on, and finally in disgust, the woman turned to Natasha and snapped, "Make yourself useful and do something with her hair," motioning to Tony as though the sight of Tony's long, somewhat unkempt dark tresses personally offended her.
He swallowed, and he watched Steve give in to DUM-E and toss the ball for him one last time, and he thought…maybe…just maybe…
whether to remain as he was or to go back — to back as he'd wanted so desperately to go back several months before — truthfully, honestly, he… didn't
Well, this fellow seemed to be familiar with Steve even if Steve was clueless to his identity. He gave a brief smile and said, "Uh, no," then said with much more confidence in his voice, "Merry Christmas." Any thought that perhaps he'd found himself inhabiting someone else's body — it wouldn't be the strangest thing to happen to him, after all — was laid to rest when he realized that was certainly his voice rumbling in his throat.
"Yeah? So? You said you didn't want to know."
He stared at her, watching as her emerald gaze searched his face before he swallowed and admitted in a low voice, "When I'm home. When it's just me and Tony and the baby. When it's just the three of us, and there's no emergency and there's nothing that needs to be dealt with at that moment — when I can just...pretend I've taken Tony up on his offer."
"Stop being difficult,
"Hey, yourself," Tony said in reply. He reached up and pressed a kiss to Steve's mouth, his hands braced on Steve's pectorals, and Steve put his hands to his waist as he returned the chaste and sweet kiss.
Rhodey sighed and dropped his head a little. "Whatever. Look, Tony, just—"
Everything. Every argument, every spat, every worry, ever tear, every laugh,
"Hey, that's what they do in the movies," Tony replied, and Steve watched as he moved presents from one place to another.
"Wait," Tony said, digging his spoon into the gelato. "So…you losers went to the beach?"
Steve pressed his face into the back of Tony's neck, and he hummed, his dick hardening by the moment, and said, "Could you go again?"
for that. No, seriously. I fantasized about you long enough; I'm glad to see the sentiment was returned. I just hope I live up to the fantasy, but whatever. This was your dream? Yeah, well, you fought hard enough for it. It didn't come easy, that's for sure, and it hasn't been easy, and it'll continue to be not easy because we're Avengers. We're Earth's mightiest heroes. We fight the good fight against the assholes that the guys in the regular monkey suits just can't handle. And you know what? There's a lot more of that sort of shit around nowadays than you can even imagine. And it sucks that it'll never be boring for us, and it sucks that we have contingency plans drawn up on the off-chance one of us gets killed or Olivia ends up orphaned. But it's
"Oh," Steve murmured and pulled the picture out of his pocket to show Hill, handing it over gingerly like it was a precious keepsake, and Hill took the photo but smirked a little at Tony and said, "I didn't know I ever didn't." She looked at the photo, her eyebrows raising a little in awed amusement. She glanced up to Steve and Tony and said, "Wow. So, does this make it more real for you?"
"OK, first of all, I did not
Steve shrugged. "Not too long. I won't do as good a job as I normally do."
"You look fantastic," Steve said, cutting off what could have become Tony's directionless defense of his eating habits.
Tony just glared at him and shoved a bite of sesame chicken into his mouth, and Steve couldn't help but grin as he understood what had gone unsaid.
Rhodey was quiet a moment, and Tony looked up just in time to see him make a somewhat coy face as he said, "Yeah, I don't think so."
"Who the fuck do you think that was?"
Bruce could do nothing more but shake his head, and he pushed himself away from the bar and went back over to the elevator. "If you change your mind, I'll be down in my lab. Like I said, I think I found something that might help us."
"I take it JARVIS informed you about our guest?"
"You know, I knew our media was degradingly sexist, but I didn't realize
"Could it have happened any other way?"
Tony rolled his eyes. "I'm fine, Steve. I'll be fine." He patted his belly. "We'll both be fine. Tower's completely off the grid. Nothing to worry about here."
She smiled again, and Tony still felt like it was done to try and put him at ease. "All right, Tony, I'm going to have one of the nurses take you over to the exam room, and we can get started with that. Make sure everything's as it should be."
"Enzymes, Steve! Enzymes in saliva that are meant to break down food—"
— strode into the workshop looking every bit the beautiful and powerful and wonderful woman that she was. She smiled when she saw Tony and made headway to kiss him, but the little demon spawn instead ran at her, screeching out, "An' Pepper!" as she threw her little arms around Pepper's legs and latched on tight.
ready to get pregnant again just yet.
, but it still… There was a certain sting about it that would never go away. He usually tried not to think about his mother if only because that pain would always be much rawer. He'd actually loved his mother.
"Then why did you—" Steve started to ask, but Tony dropped his fork and folded his arms on the table, hunching his shoulders a bit like he was arching his back in a premature defense.
Steve smiled a little like he was surprised by Tony's surprise. "Well, yeah. Why wouldn't I? I didn't do it because I thought I was supposed to. I
found someone that wasn't going to ditch him when someone more interesting came along. Hell, even here, I barely saw the guy. Been spending more of my time with Tasha and Sam and Clint. Not gonna say it feels like you took my best pal away from me. I'm happy for him. But yeah, I do sometimes kind of feel like you took my best pal away from me."
"I don't—"
"Sort of a late-in-life kid. Mistake at the bottom of a whiskey bottle. One of those things. Maybe both."
But Wilson just smiled a little and shook his head and murmured to himself, "You got nothing," as he picked up his drink and took a gulp.
Tony groaned and sat up, whipping his t-shirt off to leave his bare chest exposed. He stood up and shucked his pants and briefs and put his arms out straight.
"Not all of them," Bruce replied and reached down to take the baby out of Tony's arms.
"No!" he said and shook his head. "No, it's— It's Steve we're talking about. Steve isn't dead. Steve's too fucking stubborn to die! A fucking
Steve, dressed rather enticingly in a deep blue dress shirt and a pair of black slacks that made Tony, in his comfortable gray and black pajamas, feel like a fucking vagrant, took a few slow, hesitant steps in his direction, never taking his eyes off Tony, and sounding like he'd suddenly realized this hadn't been his best idea after all, he said, "I, uh, I wanted to surprise you."
"You won't miss anything else?" Hill asked with a small, amused smirk.
more.
"I have something in my eye."
Steve made a squeamish face, but he said, "Don't say 'fucking.'"
"Is this honestly how you refer to Tony now?" Steve asked and looked between the two of them.
"Then don't use your insurance card. What do you even need insurance for, anyway? Can't you write a check for all your medical bills?"
"Well, then I guess you'd better work on it so she likes us both equally."
isn't their life."
"Leashed, arms tied up behind his back, trussed up in a tight harness, some kind of ball-gag in his mouth—
"Strucker and his cohorts got their hands on us. Evidently they milked you for as much super soldier sperm as they thought they were going to get and then killed you. Guess who they were going to use it on."
"Hey," Tony said and sat adjacent to him.
"Such as?"
"Yeah, how much of a sanctimonious pain in the ass he is. Which is a shame, because he's really got a great ass."
"Much," he said with a nod and took his bag back. He dug through it for his phone. God, why didn't women's clothing come with pockets the way men's did? It made things so much easier!
"C'n I watch TV?"
He went to reach for the coffee carafe again only to have it moved out of his reach by Bruce. He glared at him, though Bruce just shrugged and went back to his half-a-slice of grapefruit — seriously
stubborn. Before the Army did things to him, it always— Look, he's my friend — he's like my brother — but god…" He shook his head. "The things he suffered from. I used to think he was too fucking stubborn to die." He snorted a laugh. "I mean, he should have been dead ten-times-over. But he didn't die. He kept right on going, and it got to a point where I thought, 'What in the hell is it going to take to kill this guy?'" He went quiet for a moment at that, almost like he was contemplating something or remembering something, and then he exhaled a breath and said, "But even Steve — as stubborn a son-of-a-bitch as he is — couldn't have survived that."
Tony just waved at them to shut up so he could concentrate, making a face and a little whine as he did so, and though he was certain that Barton was full of shit and there was no truth to what he was saying, he still… Well, he'd be lying if he didn't admit to himself, gazing over the array of candles that covered the cake, that he wasn't willing to take as much assurance as possible. It was stupid and superstitious and Tony felt himself to be above that, yes, but—
He listened to the sounds of Tony thumping around upstairs before he heard the telltale sounds of Tony dashing back down the steps, but as soon as he hit the doorway to the living room, his slowed his motions and made like he was coolly and casually strolling back into the room, that little black device in his hand.
He heard Rhodey snort out a laugh, but Tony just rubbed at his eyes with his thumb and forefinger and said, "Olivia, that's not really
She smiled, soft and almost like she cared. "Don't mention it. Your eyes are your best feature. Always have been."
"Wait," Tony said as he looked down to watch, "you're actually taping me into this thing."
," Steve murmured knowingly, and Tony turned his attention back to him. "
"Are we back to this?" Steve muttered. "Sarah."
"Yeah, that's what we'll call it." He turned his attention to Pepper. "Come on, Pep. You must have time, right?"
"You want the gelato so bad. Why don't you Google it?"
supposed to be all sunshine and roses?"
," she said and didn't even try to hide the exaggerated roll of her eyes.
Tony opened his eyes and pulled away from Steve's embrace at that. He licked his lips, tasting the last of Steve on his mouth, before he asked, "What time do you get off? And, no, that was not a bad innuendo."
"Wikipedia."
"Ten seconds."
"Tony, I don't think this is such a good idea," Steve murmured as Tony carefully swabbed the inside of his infant daughter's mouth. "What if it—"
While Barton groaned and muttered, "
amount of a freak out.
Her smile broadened, and Tony could tell she was enjoying this a little more than she should have been. "He was attracted to you."
Steve exhaled a somewhat annoyed breath. "Well, of course he's not going to tell
Tony scowled at him but spied a rich, dark caramel color in his glass. "Is there alcohol in that?" he asked.
"You're back, Daddy!" Olivia said before she slapped both her palms against either side of his face and turned his head from side-to-side, frowning as she did so. "You got boo-boos!"
He held his breath, waiting for Tony to say something about it, and Tony, clearly sensing Steve standing behind him, said, "You know, that wasn't the first time I'd thought about you."
But the doctor merely laughed and said, "I'd like you to have an ultrasound. And I'd like to order some blood and urine tests just to make sure everything
"I'm pretty sure there're people out there that think Captain America doesn't even know what sex is."
Steve just shrugged, still pleased with himself for the insult, but then he frowned some and asked, "Is that what Buck wanted to talk to me about?" evidently getting back on track. "That he doesn't hate me, I mean?"
"What am I supposed to do about that?"
He watched her stab at her eggs and shove them into her mouth, and he thought about how, for as much of a chatterbox as she was, she'd provided no real inklings that this other him and Cap fought on a regular basis or even argued with each other all that much. Clearly they were in each other's pockets, and yet, it didn't sound like they had even begun to irritate each other. At most, it sounded like they nagged each other, which was just more clear proof that she was from an alternate universe. Not that he and the Cap got into screaming matches with each other, but he had a hard time imagining him and this Cap having such an easy, familial...codependent relationship with one another. Yeah, they were totally codependent and didn't even realize it. Poor bastards.
"I'm not sure I'd be able to do it again — start all over again. Not after this. Not after
"I know that sounded like a really sucky explanation, but I meant in a good way," Tony said and began to scrape cookies off the table and onto the sheet.
Tony sat up some, stretching out his sore muscles. "When did you get back?"
"Yeah, that's debatable," Tony said but still let Rhodey pull him in for a careful hug and a pat on the back. Tony hugged him back, giving him a squeeze, and he whined a little when he realized there were tears collecting at the corners of his eyes.
Bruce shrugged and took another bite of pizza. Tony figured he was just stalling for time, so he grabbed his own slice and shoved half of it in his mouth, grease running down his chin and his fingers. He saw Rhodey making a face at him out of the corner of his eye, and he raised his eyebrow at him as though to ask,
The room went oddly silent at that, and Barton stared at them a moment before he said, "Oh, fuck it. I'm joining the Justice League."
"Steve—"
Tony stared at him as he crunched on the cookie, and Olivia reached out to grasp hold of it, but Steve pulled his hand away to keep it out of her grubby little hands.
At that, Olivia's brown eyes blinked open, and she gurgled and fidgeted a bit in Steve's arms.
"Don't fall asleep on me yet," Steve said, but Tony was so fucking tired, and he felt awful, and Steve's hands were like magic. They felt so damned good.
"You can't be 'more or less' sure about something like this, Tony. You have to be absolutely sure. This is— You're asking a lot of— You know what you just said 'yes' to, don't you?"
He knew, on some level, he should look at this as a learning exercise of some kind, but it was hard to see it as anything other than a violation of his body, his autonomy, and the laws of nature.
"What are you?" he finally asked, looking at Tony. "Are you still a dude but trapped in a chick's body? Are you a chick now? Are you both? Like, what do I call you? I don't want to insult you or anything. I just want to know what to call you so Cap doesn't kick my ass for besmirching your virtue or something."
Thor just smiled at him, sadly, wistfully. "When you think of Loki, you think of a monster. When I think of him, I think of my brother. I know myself to have been favored by our parents. The elder so often is. It is yet another trait that we on Asgard share in common with our Midgardian brethren. I was too caught up in my own thirst for power that I neglected to see what was happening to my own brother. Were I not so hungry for glory, I would have been able to see that, and perhaps...I could have put a stop to it before it became too late."
"Because I'm going to finish this bad boy in, like, two minutes. It won't have enough time for your enzymes to begin to break it down."
"And—" Tony said, backing away so he could continue his thought, "if I go out, then you've got to sit your ass back here. And if you can't agree to that then maybe you're not—"
"Look, I get it. It's more conventional, and as open-minded and progressive a man as you are, there's got to be some of that old-school pre-Vatican II thinking stuffed into your brain, and while I get that you were OK with falling for me when I was a man, I guess I'm just afraid—"
“Why can’t it be both?” Steve mused then kissed Tony’s cheek. “Go,” he said again. “Those cries are breaking my heart.”
"—with the ladies, and you're afraid even if I am, well, I mean I guess I'm technically a lady to some degree, but you're afraid I might fall into the same trap as all the others."
He yawned and sat up a bit and took in his surroundings, and he saw Steve checking his mirrors as he drove up the pathway.
He grabbed what he needed, making sure Olivia didn't do something stupid like roll off the table, and he set everything up so he could easily grab and set about changing the diaper, stifling a gag as he pulled the dirty one off and set it aside.
He crunched on it then turned back to meet Steve's gaze, and Steve smiled a little and shook his head but didn't press the issue.
"I don't want to talk about it," Tony said through a mouthful of food.
Tony hummed a little, pleased by Steve's reaction, and as Steve stood there and worked to get his brain back online, Tony grabbed the towel from the bed and went into the bathroom to hang it up to dry. He turned and caught sight of himself in the mirror for the first time since he'd let the others play dress-up with him, and he smiled at the picture that stared back at him, agreeing with Natasha's assessment that the designer might have been a bitch, but she was damned good at her job. Although…
Tony just glared at him and shoved a bite of chicken in his mouth. He chewed in annoyance then said, "Twelve ounces a day, babe. Twelve ounces of coffee a day is A-OK—"
For only the briefest moment, he again felt guilty for the fact that he was enjoying himself so when Bucky was… And what about the other Commandos, now that he thought about it? Did they see the end of the war, too? Did they get to go home? Did they get to live their dreams as Steve seemed to?
Married. To a
"Yeah?" Tony asked and tilted his head to the side. "You stole that baby away from your friends, and now you're in here trying to be 'useful.'"
Tony rolled his eyes. "Again, fuck you all."
that's pregnant with your child. Maybe Bucky was all you had back in the bad old days, but he's not what you have now. You've got me, and you've got the other Avengers—"
Tony shrugged and turned back to his table and saw Wilson and what looked to be his date for the night, Sharon Carter, were approaching. They greeted the denizens of Table 1, both looking resplendent in their chosen formal attire (really, it was only poor Bruce that needed some kind of help — even Hill's random date at least looked like he'd put some care into getting dressed). They exchanged some small talk with the other three sitting at the table before Sharon turned to Tony and said, "So, it's true."
, it read with two bold lines drawn underneath it and a disapproving-looking little frowny-face next to it. He scowled and read what else Steve had scrawled on it.
, Tony. Remember?"
But Tony just waved him off and said. "Water under the bridge, babe. Don't worry about it.
kind of similar, there was something off about it.
"Yeah? Does he?"
"I don't think they want to adopt a baby together."
"Tony," he said, turning back to him, "this is—"
It was the third edible waffle into the process (his first efforts had been too raw or too burnt respectively) when Rhodey found his way into the kitchen, and he just stood beside Tony and watched him pour the batter onto the iron before he shook his head and sat down in the chair adjacent to Olivia.
She just smiled, her whole face softening and brightening at the mention of the name.
"Evidently that means 'yes,'" Steve replied and pulled out a chair for Tony.
And, as Nat went to pester him again, he switched the comm back off and reached out to Tony, the Iron Man armor powering up and flying away from the scene and toward the direction of Midtown. "Come on. We ride the subway for free."
Tony just nodded, swallowing, blinking as he tried to come back to himself from that short otherworldly trip he'd just taken, and he rolled to his side so that he was flush with Steve's sweat- slicked body and said, "Yeah, that... That's definitely happening again."
"Mmm… Wouldn't it? So you can lay me back and take my clothes off, and I can spread my legs and reach down and rub my—"
Jesus Christ, the son-of-a-bitch thought he'd just pissed himself!
He nodded a little, but Tony wouldn't exactly say he looked happy. More like he'd accepted whatever had been told to him. Which was kind of strange, to be honest. He figured the Cap would have wanted to hear that he had a family in that alternate or future or future alternate or whatever it was.
"I suppose. You can keep your spot as the clan alpha for another day," Tony said while Steve sat down and helped himself to the steak sauce. He smirked a little at Tony's comment but didn't say anything to it, but he did point at Tony's salad and wordlessly implore him to eat it.
him touch himself and pleasure himself, but Steve was asleep, and Tony wasn't about to wake him, especially considering that he was still a little annoyed with him. OK, a lot annoyed with him. He'd been promised a weekend of sex and goofing off with his husband, and instead, he'd been virtually ignored from the moment his husband's little pal had appeared from out of the shadows and seemingly decided to stop running.
"You did, like, a week ago."
Barnes stared back at him like the proverbial deer in the headlights before the blank look cleared and was instead replaced with embarrassment and misery. He squeezed his eyes shut, the hand that wasn't holding the gun flexing like he was trying to work out some inner frustration.
from useless. Steve Rogers is a sarcastic little shit that still thinks he's some asthmatic ninety-pound weakling trying to prove something to himself and the world."
