“Of course! I told you this in all those interviews - I see her every day! I help choose her clothes, we have breakfast and our other meals together, she often potters around the house with me. She has two brothers and her father, and a child who lived nearby plays with her too.” Mummy lifts her chin slightly, and stares straight at Greasy Graham.  “I love my little girl, and am devastated at leaving her here. I am doing it because there is no system available in the UK that can manage her intelligence. Nothing I have done – including writing my book – was done with any view of  damaging Eurus’s development because if I’d known it would, I would have stopped immediately. How would I know how she would react to my occasional absences in her first few months?”
"Now Sherlock, why are you wearing pyjamas? Have you lost all your clothes again?"
“Well, you’re being your usual difficult self, like now – which incidentally can be very alluring sometimes – and you’re having a bath” - Sherlock’s eyes widen slightly – “and you’re all sore from running around all day, and you’re naked, well, obviously because you’re in the bath, and you’ve called me to wash your back and I’m kneeling beside you –“
The look on Sherlock’s face informed John to widen his perimeters.
They had, for the first time in living memory, surprised me. I honestly expected them to be more interested in berating me than holding Albion. Instead they spent their entire visit taking photographs and working out ways to steal him from each other. My mother won, but that is because she is more wily than my father. Also, my father defers to her continuously.
The glazier is an aggressive thick set Scotsman with sandy hair and nursing the oily dregs of a truly remarkable hangover. Sherlock finds him quite pleasing and treats him with commensurate disdain by sitting motionless in his chair, reading a copy of the Telegraph, watching every miniscule move he makes while apparently ignoring him entirely.
Sherlock’s unable to eliminate the impossible and therefore cannot deduce what probable thing made John suddenly reluctant to go on his date.
“What about the boys?” Papa asks. “Keep them here?” They both look to Rudy.
"Dog hair is markedly different in composition and appearance to cat hair."
Only I can save him.
“Did you get on with his wife?”
I bit my lip to stop myself lying. The texture of the bone was obvious. “Yes,” I said meekly.
Apostrophe/full stop/capital letter/full stop/capitol letter/apostrophe/full stop.
Sherlock, though he missed his sister desperately, wrote pages of letters, beautiful ebullient notes filled with news and positivity. It’s only 498 miles, Sherlock regularly reminded her in a letter, and the plane takes, on average, 52 minutes.  Uncle Rudy said he would stay a bit longer, and Papa says he will live in Switzerland for a few months when Mummy comes home. But Mummy is still going to come on weekends and sometimes with us!! We can play the violin together!  And you will come home for Easter! Victor will be home too and we can play ahoy matey on the shore again! And did Mycroft tell you that in September, we are both going to be boarding at Sherborne? But don’t worry, I can still sneak over and save you if I have to, even if I have to go to yucky old school.
“Oh Jeremy,” Mum says, opening her arms for her sobbing son.
"Okay?"
"I'll need to get him into ER so we can do an ECG," the nurse says, quite determined to let the bleeding man with chest pains and his partner in the questionable jumper be someone else's problem. "I'll just a get a wheelchair."
“I think it’s phenomenal. But I’m probably not the best person to ask, given my only other real alleged sexual encounters were so pitiful my brain didn’t even bother to retain the fact that I had sex, let alone what it was like.”
His eyes are the colour of faded denim.
Sherlock is looking at the old building that was, for a time, the Wridges Wine Imports offices. The signs are all gone. The building has been painted several times in the last decade, the grand old window frames have been replaced with aluminium and the door, once solid oak, is now a cheap blend of chip board and flaking white paint, crumbling behind a steel security door.
He woke up sharply at 2pm when his phone chirped at him but it was only Mycroft. He read the message in case it was the start of a satisfying argument that he would more than likely win but it was just an invitation to dinner. The phone was tossed lightly to the floor and Sherlock wondered how long he could lay there without emptying his bladder. Not long, as it turned out.
“Also the step mother did end up poisoning Snow White but she got better and married some clown in pantaloons. When you read the book, it will tell you that they lived happily ever after but that isn’t actually what happily ever is.
“So how often have you had this dream?”
John Watson came over all coy and gave me the very attractive smile he reserves for the times when he is being difficult.
"No."
"You're not poisoning anyone. I haven't seen him for fifteen years. Even if he'd asked me, I'd never would have agreed to meet anyone he thought I should live with."
He ignored her completely, and stayed hidden in his little sleeping bag.
John raises one eye brow. “2.57?”
Sherlock’s on Islington Road near Angel Station, observing the early risers, snacking on small capsules of deduction while he looks for somewhere relatively inoffensive where he might get a proper pot of tea.
Lestrade cuts him off at the pass.
Sherlock cuts the bread in to little triangles and drizzles them with honey.
Because I want to kill them with my bare hands. I want to burn down their house and smash all the windows of their car.
“We’re rubbish at this!”
It was an interesting case that seemed simple enough. There was one victim with a slashed throat. There were three suspects, but only one had made the fatal incision. Each had been with the victim a the time of death, each denied it and blamed one of the others. Lestrade and his team had been trying to decide who was responsible.
*****
“You had sex?”
There's been another one
He’s right. The universe had a couple more painful lessons for us yet.
I was certain Adrienne would be getting lots of help via a pipe, but chose not to disclose that here.
I wanted to smash all the lab benches to get to the postcard.
“He has,” John confirmed. “He’s also been helping me change nappies.”
"Appeal! My brief got all three convictions overturned on a technicality. She's amazing!"
Later that night John watches the news and Sherlock lays with his head in his lap, resting his chin on his joined hands.
They were all ridiculous. Flowers, for example. Why give some one pieces of a dead plant, tied with a garish ribbon? It was all predicated on the actual act, not the flowers or the sentiment itself.
“Chips!” Rosie agrees from her car seat.
I was dumbstruck. John Watson is the only person who can do that to me.
"Now both things - the orders and your surroundings - are failing you horribly and there is no feasible solution, certainly not one your therapist was able to give you. So you stopped going back and, not surprisingly grew more depressed. Yet last night you were sufficiently diverted to lose a psychosomatic limp then act with enormous courage and great skill in a stressful situation. You got me into a public hospital and treated me without raising anyone's suspicion. You did that because you knew you could, and because you enjoyed doing it, despite what you might say to anyone else. You then attended a gruesome crime scene that obviously affected you emotionally but didn't affect your ability to plan and execute - so to speak - a very thorough back up plan for me. I'd wager your pulse didn't increases a beat when you shot that man. Afterwards you walked away unnoticed and if it weren't for my impossible meddling brother I might not have seen you again."
The nurse was satisfied with the little tube of blood, holding up to the light as if she expected to see spiders floating there.  I wanted to snatch it from her immediately but had to watch calmly as she handed it to Molly, who slipped it respectfully in a little bag so it could go to the path lab downstairs.
We stood there naked, smiling at one another. I was about to say something nice, a more restrained version of ‘I can’t bear the thought of you being anywhere without me for the whole of time’ but Albion started wailing for his late night meal.
So he buys tapes and iodine and ibifuren and gloves too. The thought of having a kit again is ridiculously exciting.
“I still can’t get over the fact the fact you’re a father”, he told me for twenty first time. (I was keeping count. I intended to call a halt to his exclamations of amazement when he reached fifty.)
"Dr Watson?"
“Only interesting things,” I clarified. “Albion and I are going to have a cup of tea. Will you join us, Inspector?” (I didn’t ask John because the question is redundant. John Watson always wants a cup of tea. It is one of his factory settings.)
Would it be alright if loved John Watson and never knew the reasons why? Would I love him better, and more authentically, if I understood why I loved him?
I wanted to tell her that I had been beaten senseless by Serbian criminals wielding chains threaded with nails and was still able to recall the colour and shape of John Watson’s eyes as they flailed me so no, a small blood withdrawal didn’t faze me. But I was conscious too that people might want to take my baby from me if I appeared to b aggressive or hostile, so I answered as civilly as I could.
“What is it, Sherlock?” she called back.
Sherlock found it hard to contain his joy at seeing his friend. “You look so grown up!” he told Victor, who indeed was a little taller, his hair shorter and he seemed – well, nothing specific but something not quite discernible, and he would not let go of his father’s hand. The trio walked down the quite road that lead to the main road, and waited patiently to cross it , Sherlock chattering that Eurus would be home for the break later that day, and that they would all play again with the boat, and Mycroft had hinted that he might have a map of buried treasure!
WE'VE GONE TO BRIGHTON FOR THE WEEKEND TO THE FESTIVALS OF CRYSTELS SHOULD BE BACK SUNDAY PLS FEED RONDA
Eurus watches footage of her mother and father walking up the path holding a tiny bundle, with the vast grey ocean moving gently in the distance.
John reaches for one hand, a kiss for each finger while Sherlock clumsily flexes the other, gulping his breath a little, a little nervous, watching as John sinks to his knees on the floor in front of him. He looks up with saint's eyes and so Sherlock knows what is about to happen.
Sherlock has left clean underwear folded for John in the bathroom. It's a nice touch.
John is a couple of steps ahead of him. "Probably be easier to just go back to your place. Actually," and he looks over to Renzo, "Is there any where near here where I can get a couple of beers?"
Chapter 17.5
His voice ruptures and grief surrounds them. “Then you just disappeared somewhere and made fucking soda bread and poached bloody eggs!”
John is just about to speak to the old man - who is engrossed with his phone - when Sherlock almost runs up the hall, hurriedly tying his gown closed. Little crystals of water fly from his hair; John can smell the classy scent of his soap on his freshly washed skin.
"I know you went for days without changing and showering in the harsh terrain of Afghanistan, but you might like some clean underwear."
“Oh. Oh! Is there a problem?” Mycroft swung his umbrella gently, which was equivalent to anyone else unsheathing their sword.
For he can find the baking soda at Waitrose.
That night had been a long one. Sherlock had to walk for miles through his palace’s corridors and the deductions were arduous. When he finished he felt foolish because it had been there all along: John surely loved him too. Who else would continue to make him tea after so many appalling transgressions? Who else licked their lips when they looked at him? Who else laughed at his jokes? Who else hugged him when he said nice things at their wedding? Who else shot a morally decrepit cab driver to save his life?
“John,” Sherlock answers with a mouth full of peas, “I can assure you there is nothing I would rather do more.”
“It’s not that great,” John tells him a week before the wedding when they are being fitted for their beautiful suits. “You’ve built it up to something ridiculous and I’m starting to worry that you’ll be disappointed when you hear it.”
Another date.
“It doesn’t sit down,” I told him. “He was born with a crest, like a cockatoo.”
BLESSINGS C +C
Both Mr and Mrs Holmes have inherited well, and both can live on substantial bequests that exempt them from the drear of every day employment. Certainly they are nice people, both of whom treat their clever children with respect and intelligence, but such is their life of privilege and social standing that neither of them can envisage what a true calamity might actually be like.
“Sherlock! What on earth?”
Triggers, thought Sherlock. Let's see how this progresses.
John tastes interesting. Body temperature being a constant, the sluggish fluid is difficult to feel in his mouth but the slightly bitter aroma saturates his palette and Sherlock takes a second to memorise that odd Watson flavour before swallowing extravagantly for John's benefit.
Greg is unmoved. “Sherlock, this is an old sick woman in hospital on her deathbed. God knows what drugs they’re giving her. Nothing she says is of any value.”
“She fell at the scene. Her shoes were loose, her mother told us that. She has been called over to the car, got close, but something spooked her and she’s stepped back, and hit her head hard on the wall. That would account for her injury, and why no one heard her being taken.”
John Watson was writing from Melbourne. He was staying in a caravan park with a former army buddy and about to make his way to the lip of the Pacific Ocean, and then to Tasmania for no adequately explored reason, and then to the Antarctic Research Base where his buddy had worked for a year.  My envy and loathing of the army buddy could not be quantified.
would never serenade anyone, unless you counted Mrs Hudson which, love her though he did in his way, he didn't.
And there's the murderer, dead before he hits the ground, flopping where he stood, directly at Sherlock's feet.
For he visits my body with reverence.
She nods, watching as his eyes move down slowly, his face turns away and his gaze is cast out to the garden.
“Yes. Although I’m certain I’ll only have to correct it all. May as well make sure you know the right way to be gay sooner rather than later.”
In the morning, their wedding day, John finds a small slip of paper wrapped carefully around his razor:
Sherlock pounces. “What’s wrong with the hospital? Are you worried about running into Mike Stamford? I can get Mycroft to orchestrate his transfer to the outer Hebrides.”
around half-opened doors
"I don't understand."
“The law doesn’t require birds’ deaths to be recorded by the coroner, John.  And when I say dead birds I mean a pelican. A dead one. And it’s not in the fridge yet.”
"My birthday's May 15th. What does that make me?"
"I don't need a local."
“What kinds of things were thinking?” I asked her. Albion’s diet was of enormous interest to me - I’d prepared a spreadsheet in anticipation of this happy day. It had been my initial plan to feed my son bland dairy foods first, and then introduce foods to him according to their colours.
“I’m not sure.”
That was definitely going to be a score for her, because until she mentioned it, it had never occurred to me to buy him toys.
“It’s awful, isn’t it,” Ademar says gently.
John shakes his head.
And like a good Englishman, he keeps the feeling suppressed until it becomes so ripe, it bursts when he least expects it.
The meeting is so dull that John falls asleep after seven minutes, before they've even got to the National Monthly Sale Figures. Other managers, aware of his troubled medical history, figure that narcolepsy is one of his symptoms and they continue the meeting in whispers. John wakes up as the meeting is finishing when the person who was sitting next to him, whose name John also doesn't know, accidentally knocks him with her chair as she leaves.
Soon John found himself a job at as a prison doctor which was unusual, considering the kind of work he did with Sherlock. It was also sensible, because he worked only three days a week and made four pounds a week more than he did for a full week at the clinic. He liked the work and the prisoners liked him because he was fair and straightforward and an extremely capable clinician.
Lestrade returns the shoe to the cupboard when they’ve finished.
Anya looked at the pieces carefully, read the manual a second time, leaned over and went click-click click and the entire frame was completed.
Then the door bell rang again and once more Mrs Hudson answered. They were male voices this time and I thought immediately that the back-up social services people were here to take my baby boy away.
Mrs Hudson didn’t want to hold Albion. I was not remotely surprised – Mrs Hudson is very motherly but not in the least maternal (and probably has no baby confidence). She was, however, very interested to hear about Adrienne.
Mrs Hudson was visiting the less likable of her nieces in Albuquerque and wasn’t due home for another week, which was the one good thing that happened that week. Well, one of two good things.
John, who struggled to stitch evenly when he first started suturing and worked extra hours bent over corpses in the student labs until he got it right, is wearing his only suit, sitting at a large desk made cheaply from blonde wood, staring at a large puffy woman called Beverly. She has declared herself his employment agent.
"He lives in here," says one of the younger children.
"I got a suspended sentence," Renzo says proudly. "Here, do you want a table at the back? I've got a fantastic fettuccini a longo on the menu tonight - I make the sauce myself from chilli and lime."
"I'm really not in the mood to hear your opinions of my team. Thing is, I'm drawing a blank on this and I'm worried this toe rag isn't going to stop."
“Sherlock!” John Watson was in my face. Both Albion and I stood to attention. “I’d love to. I will sign now. I have no hesitation. You need to make up your mind if you want me as Albion’s parent. If not, it’s all fine. We can wait a couple of years and if it’s all still fine, I can apply to adopt him.”
After the game they had to inch carefully along with the crowd until they reached the front gates. Ryan and Mike had travelled by train and would be walking a mile or two to Richmond to avoid the crowds at the Twickenham train station.
“What kind of fucking name is Ademar,” he says to the laundry bag as he gathers up clothes from his room. “Ademar, for fuck’s sake,” he growls as he stamps down the stairs to Sherlock’s room. Saying fuck turns out to be quite therapeutic so John continues to say it with a hard, clipped emphasis on the ck.
“Well. I think about you that way sometimes.”
“I know that Mr Best has since died, but do you think he was involved?” Sherlock asks.
For he is an anomaly.
The little bird holds on with the faintest sting of tiny claws while John looks around the room to see if he has any kind of suitable bird container. There's nothing so he places it back on the edge of the laundry hamper.
The boy takes a deep breath and steels himself. “I’ve read all your blog. It’s awesome. I’m trying to memorise the 243 kinds of ash.”
“Yes. I actually liked you with a beard – infinitely more than I did when you wore a moustache – but now you look like the vulnerable doctor who loaned me his phone at St Barts all those years ago. Now. What about my post cards?”
I didn’t believe her.
She pronounces it differently, Ma-rye-ah – not Maria, as Sherlock and John had been saying.  “What do you want to know?”
We both smiled at that. (It’s an old joke.)
Three down, two to go.
“Proceed.”
John reads the phone poem again while he waits to speak with the bank manager. Afterwards, released from his last link to Mary and making his way home to Sherlock, John realises the frivolous squirrel poem is the first poem that reflects a specific time they have spent together.
If someone had asked me yesterday if I wanted to sit and watch a baby I would have insulted them and walked away. Today there was nothing in the world I wanted more.
“One thousand, four hundred and sixty eight.”
“Toys are very important!” It was the first time Ms Briggs spoke. I could tell from her efficient dress and carefully styled hair that she was happy to be working on Saturday. Trouble at home, obviously.
I had a mental picture of Dr Watson making all the cold scientists cups of tea and taking photographs of the outsize penguins they have down there. Outsize penguins would interest Dr Watson. I would offer good money at competitive odds that he helps a few of them make their nests.
John talks with a full mouth. "Your land lady is lovely. Does she make you scones often?"
sets his blood running again.
“It’s called Branwen’s Feather,” John tells Sherlock as he applies the varnish in careful strokes.  “And it’s English. You can’t be wearing any of that suspect French stuff.”
“Mrs Best, I’m sorry to have to do this, but we’ve found a person who we think might be Mariah.”
Oh, my captain!
"Sounds like his appendix," John decides without looking up. He's knotting the sixth stitch. "Have you done an ultrasound?"
It’s good, so good, every lovely thing he dreamed of and quite a few he never imagined. But Sherlock only smiles in response, leaving the magic of their loveliness unspoken as it settles around them in the cool night air.
Everyone looks at Sherlock and John smiles. “Did you now?”
“Every single night I hear the same singing, then have the same dream.”
The Detective Inspector smiles and shakes hands with surprising warmth. "Greg Lestrade. So what do you think?"
I had to go to group therapy too, but not for long. I was assessed as unsuitable after my first session when I got bored and deduced why every other patient was there. Three of them broke into tears, another three threatened me with various kinds of physical violence and two – both especially manipulative types – wanted to have sex with me. The counsellor taking that course had to take stress leave.
Greg speaks assuredly, as if he diagnoses mental cats all the time. “He sounds like he’s bored.”
“It’s no problem, Sherlock. Oh! Hello! Can I help you?”
"Are you a police officer?" He feels Sherlock's neck stiffen.
I need a head with a full head of hair
Third, he wants to return the bird but no one has come forward. That might, John concedes, be the one thing he won't be able to fix.
Papa, who in those days only emerged from his study if he thought an alternative reality may have appeared, shuffled out to the kitchen. He regarded both his sons silently. He looked at the smashed plates at Sherlock's long bare feet. He looked at Mycroft (also in bare feet)who had
John freezes for a second. Suddenly it seems like the cruellest thing in the world, to take a creature capable of flight and trap it in a cage. His heart is like wet cement in his chest but he has to keep going; each child watches as he gently lifts the little bird out of the box and feels those tiny little claws again, cups it in both hands and carefully puts him back in the cage.
Teacups are too shallow.
They've followed her through to a wing on the eastern side of the building, They can hear an occasional cry or moan and some aimless conversations. The sounds are distant, the voices are weak.
Visitors to the flat noticed his painted toenails. Reactions were consistent.
Late that night, after Rosie has eaten a good dinner, enjoyed a bath with her two plastic boats, heard four stories, and enjoyed some interesting conversation with John and Sherlock as she dropped off to sleep,  they set to work examining the plans.
“Is she? You’ve found her?”
The hand is strong, thorough and unbelievably slow. John's never been pulled so slowly. He waits for the strokes to quicken, shifts under the slightly frustrating touch to try and speed it up but Sherlock pays no attention. John grows impatient after a couple of minutes but Sherlock doesn't change his tempo, just leans down and whispers relax, just relax, it'll take a bit of time but I promise it'll be good.
“The Prince used a lot of drugs, got fired from his job and became a hopeless junkie.”
I’m not able to tell you much more about Adrienne except that she had straight brown hair, six tattoos, four piercings in her left ear and three in the right ear, an accent from Northumberland (rural, not urban) and we had apparently had sex of some kind at least three times.
“Our parents both helped us buy it,” Mrs Best says. “Robert’s family were quite well off, and my family had a little money.” She looks at the sore on her leg. “They’re all dead now.  Robert’s death killed his father. His mother died a few years later. None of them were involved in Mariah’s disappearance. They loved her, and suffered like we suffered.”
“It’d be easy to build from scratch,” John says. Sherlock watches a gentle slyness rise in John’s eyes as he continues. “Actually, I could build you one but I don’t have the right tools.”
“I know, I understand. I promise it will be quick. Please. Please.”
When John comes home from work that night, this lengthy poem is taped to the front door and he reads it, sitting on the stairs:
Lestrade goes back to the office where he keeps a change of shirts; Sherlock wanders around the kitchen table with his shirt half on, half off, carefully cleaning the greasy face of his phone with a little rubbing alcohol dabbed on the free sleeve while he wonders how the Broken Beer Bottle Killer knows his victims. And why they have tattoos of inverted phone numbers on their arms.
“Yes. That’s the whole point of the fantasy.”
"How do you know those things?" John says out loud without checking himself.
John waits until they’re at the front door and out of earshot. “Are they really bricks?”
“Doctor Watson.”
I caught his eye in the midst of the political unrest that was unfolding in my living room. “Welcome home,” I said with my whole heart.
He is all the colours in the world.
Mycroft leaned in and kissed Albion, who made a quick dash for his hair.
“I didn’t know you could write poetry.”
“Scared of needles?” she smirked.
He sat upright, leant forward and waited until his thick, frightened breaths subsided. “Sorry that I woke you,” he said as he slipped back down onto his pillow and turned his back to me.
But Sherlock contained his excitement to be gentle, sympathetic and generous.
“Did you say the Prince had a brother?”
“Hello, Mrs Hudson.” I kissed her cheek, which is always enjoyable because she wears Lancome transparent powder (150 Ivoire) and it smells perfect on her. The fragrance suggests to me that it is bound with a good synthetic rose oil.
John shrugged. “I didn’t mind it. I can be a team player if I have to. But working as an army doctor is very different to working as a criminal. Or a consulting detective.”
“Don’t you think it’s turning out well?” John wondered.
The officers were very impressed with the child’s evidence. They spoke about at length with colleagues, how bright the this little boy was, how, even in his evident grief, he was able to describe the accident in clear detail, and with great accuracy. He even remembered the colour of the car’s interior upholstery.
I got to wear scrubs, which reminded me of John. He once showed me a picture of himself wearing scrubs and I was reminded again that I was an idiot not to steal it.
"There's just no point in getting dressed." Sherlock is annoyed to lose her attention so quick but the night is young. He can out-manoeuvre Mycroft yet.
“The unwanted animals people are always complaining about or shooing away. Pigeons, squirrels, rats, crows and the like. People are idiots. Have you ever seen a rat with its young? They’re extraordinary parents. I’d like to see humans treat their young as tenderly as rats do.”
Sherlock had changed in practical ways.  He could cook now, and surprised John more regularly with such fare as poached eggs on toast, pumpkin soup and on one momentous occasion, soda bread.
“Yes. And dating women. Again.” Sherlock finishes his tea. The pain, he’s certain, has eased a little. He looks quickly at the pattern on the mug and notes it is Raspberry Cane. He’s rather fond of Wedgwood china.
“You constantly surprise me. What about with Albion - are you worried that the mother will want him back?”
“What was her real name?”
John grabs his coat, a little dazed, because it's the first time Sherlock has stated his feelings so clearly.
For he can find solace from night terrors in my arms.
There was a plate of Yorkshire puddings too, and I remember each spoonful.
John kisses him again. “It’s fantastic. Your face is all wet and you’re warm. And your chest is fantastic.”
“After the Two bee!”
I was staring fixedly at Ms Powers as I calculated how quickly I could run past all of them holding Albion and escape.
John is enjoying this. “Can I suggest a few?”
Capital S e-e y-o-u
It was mildly interesting reading but Mycroft was still none the wiser about the actual relationship between the two.
"Ugh. With idiots?"
“Of course he did. And he loved the baby too. And the Prince could not have been happier. And all he wanted was the Woodsman to be as happy, so one night, he gathered the Woodsman up close and said, if you want to have a baby, we could find the fairy and engage her services to make you a baby too. Not to replace Ollie, but to make up a little for pain of losing her.”
John shakes his head. "I work in the admin side."
It takes Sherlock a moment to remember that John isn't actually in the John Room with him. "You've saved my life. I'd like to save yours."
And then the second guest walked in, a man with a closely trimmed beard and an unfamiliar jumper, pushing past Ms Briggs and walking straight between Ms Powers and me. He swept Albion from my arms, patting my bicep briefly and smiling straight into my eyes for a split second before he turned to address Ms Powers.
“Well, I was tired, and pretty much went straight to sleep…”
John giggles. “I know! But I’m going to be fucking fantastic and that should make up for it.”
It was distressing. I kissed his little face and said shush, shush, it’s nearly over but inside I was howling with him.
The grooms-to-be are lying naked side by side on their bed, far too excited to sleep.  They are to be married tomorrow at the Chelsea Town Hall. Their new suits fit perfectly and hang side by side in the wardrobe. Fifty people have been invited to witness the vows, and to join them afterwards at the Criterion for a wedding breakfast.
Sadly, the young lady in question eloped to France with an orthopedic specialist she had known for only three weeks. Ludwig found much solace and comfort in the reason provided by in psychiatry.  He more or less cured his own heart ache, and settled on psychiatry because he seemed to get the hang of it. Surgery was precise and had no margin for error; psychiatry was a little less defined, and allowed a practitioner more room for diagnosis and second guesses.
"She's sixteen or seventeen, not a local, travelled here with a friend. She lives in outer London but doesn't come this close in often. She's been working tonight and had some hot chips before she got here. She still lives at home, probably with one parent, probably with some younger siblings. She's using the drug herself, she's not been doing it for very long though, so she may have been introduced to the trade recently, possibly through a friend. The murderer's stolen her purse. Has
Who is truly brave
“You. Now. For a case. Lestrade called. There’s a case. Now.”
Albion was looking at Doctor Watson very carefully. He’d never seen a man with a beard before. “Ooo a,” he said to the doctor, and then to me, “Ooo a oo,” which I’m pretty sure was a firm appreciation of John Watson’s personal style.
Or at least a conductor of light
“Well, I think we should move on to the next stage of our treatment.”
Albion being so close made it easier to get back to work. It meant I could, whenever I wished,  take a break and go look at his fat pink sleepy countenance, or count the number of breaths he would take every fifteen seconds, or circle his warm, soft knee with my thumb and index finger.
“Absolutely not.”
“But the pretty lady turned out to be a bad person. She lied to everyone, shot the Prince twice and betrayed the Woodsman in the most awful way possible. She had a baby but “_
John scratches Rhonda's chin one last time.
“Oh, Albion would. Only Albion?”
“Nor have I forgotten how obstinate you can be. Are you going to explain why I never got a post card?”
"Nothing ever happens to me."
Sherlock doesn’t turn around. Obviously, naturally, of course I am – all these things sit in a queue on his tongue. “Yes,” is all he says.
Work offers no respite. Once there he faces a whole different raft of issues that hammer at his crumbling psyche.
He concludes with great pleasure that he found John at exactly the right time and place.
This was a ruse, for when I emerged twenty minutes later, clean and dressed and ready to hear John Watson’s litany of pitiful excuses, he was no where to be found.
“Alright. Whatever you say. What are we wearing?”
"Only if they're fascinating and I'm certain they'll fit in the fridge. Do you like psoriasis, John? I love it. I particularly like the lesions that present with plantar psoriasis. You much have seen a lot amongst your troops. It would be a hard thing to manage in the heat, and especially with so much stress. I find it invaluable at crime scenes. I've seen two people convicted partly on the evidence I provided when I found minute flakes at the crime scene."
John wonders if anyone would notice if he wore the same suit to work forever.
He came back with Albion, sound asleep in his visiting basket.
I expected therapy at the latest place to be similar, and that they would release me (or let me have a swim) when they had similarly flogged me into replicating an acceptable form of behaviour.
My father asked if I’d bring Albion home next time Aunty Patty was visiting. “She’s got three grandchildren and they’re all ugly. I want to show her what a proper grandchild looks like.”
John sees them whispering and Sherlock storm off in huff. He waits until he catches up.
“Nothing. My back’s fine.”
“There’s more of those coded notes on some of them, apparently.”
He looked at me with great tenderness and sadness.
Sherlock eases onto his back as John gets on his knees, lifting Sherlock’s leg over his shoulder, stamping kisses all the way to his balls, rolling his lips over the soft creases, pressing his thumb over the crumpled opening. Sherlock loses count of the different kinds of pleasure John can make and bites his bottom lip in giddy anticipation as John takes him in his mouth.
It was, as Sherlock had declared at the wedding, always John Watson.
“Aqua.”
I shook my head. It was hard.
That night, holding each other in bed, Sherlock and John marvel how their physical relationship found its roots in the garden of profound sadness, a miserable case that carried a shadow for both of them, a shadow that cast long and dark over their daughter.
They followed me back out to the lounge room and Ms Powers made some marks on a form she had on a clipboard.
Jeremy shrugs. “Dunno. My age.”
Sherlock doesn’t look up from the microscope. “I’d rather drive knitting needles through my ears.”
She’s not frightened, because there is nothing to be frightened of.  Plates don’t bounce mysteriously from the shelves, there are no ominous footsteps in the short neat hallway, her cat doesn’t rise and hiss in fear at apparitions.
Then Michelle on reception smiles straight into his eyes.
“Well, we’ve got an archive of the investigation briefs. I don’t know how substantial they all are, but there’s no reason you can’t see them, if you think you can close one. Remind me about it  when his Lordship’s finished outsmarting us all and I’ll give you the number.”
“Maybe he was set a time because … actually, you’re right. I don’t know why he’d do that.”
While I sorted all this, John went to the bathroom and washed his hands, then took the stairs to Albion two at a time.
They were older, wiser, more damaged.
Then I called Mrs Hudson. She came running up like she did the time Moriarty blew up the flat with gas cylinders, hoping for the worst, because no one appreciates a proper drama like Mrs Hudson.
“Why not now?”
And then John's back with a big brown bottle and powdery gloves on his hands.
John sees strange houses as Sherlock does, but instead of clues he looks for danger. Is someone concealing a brutal knife? Has a person been hurt here? He is alert and expectant.
No wonder the mistress of the house is tired.
“Of course. Apologies. Dr Watson. Were you at the birth too?”
around our house for John
John had painted the walls blue, the skirting boards white, and had used a stencil to make clouds on each wall. It was very cheerful.
"This has to be a drug syndicate of come kind. The victims don't have the phone that corresponds to the number on their arm - their boss does. All the inquiries from people wanting drugs go through to those numbers and he contacts the dealers to distribute."
“After about six months it seems like forever.” John was spooning tea leaves in the pot. “Does Anya come on Mondays?”
The dealer laughs. "They wouldn't have to do anything. You know how paranoid you can get."
With hair as close to mine as possible.
John is about to refute the likelihood of that but realises that they’ve been in stranger situations. He listens to the odd seashell sounds as his ear is engulfed in the warm lips, catching a breath as the measurement turns to delicate little nips and a gentle whisper.
Sherlock shuffles his feet slightly. This is unexpected. “Well, probably since the day we met, but I actually realised it at your wedding, although when I thought about it afterwards I remembered I really felt it the day I’d had bartitsu training and you had your first fight with the chip and pin machine.”
Sherlock worked endless hours trying to track down further employees of the Wridges Wine Imports company, but the one person he found had no recollection of that day, or of anyone who may have had access to the cellar, and certainly no memory of Julia.
“John Watson home?” she asks coarsely.
"Your family must be glad to have you home." Sherlock is fairly certain there is no family to speak of but asks so he can gauge John's reaction.
I missed his tiny helplessness, but marvelled at his growing competencies. In any case, I had memorised every millimetre of him, and have, in my mind palace, a complete gallery of Albion at every stage of his life that I can visit whenever I miss him.
When they get close to the hospital, John fishes a twenty pound note from his pocket and turns to the stranger again. "Okay, you're going to have fib a bit."
“I have no idea,” Molly says meekly. “And even if I did I wouldn’t tell you. It’s going to be a surprise.”
I wasn’t.
When I killed myself, I returned to find John had grown a very heavy military style moustache. It was not becoming. Absence from me seems to impedes his ability to shave, but he’s managing that a little better because this time he had a closely trimmed beard that I thought was rather dashing.  It emphasised his fine, subtle mouth.
John dressed very much like the English military man. He wasn’t a showy dresser, but he liked good quality and his clothes suggested a gentlemanly English country estate look. It suited him very well. It suits Albion too.
My son is now four. He’s sitting on the floor playing his favourite game with John and I. We’ve have upended a full bucket of wooden bricks and have built three tall towers.
“That’s certainly my intention.”
“That is preposterous and a complete waste of public monies,” she said. “No children are being harmed in this flat.”
A few nights ago we gathered for the bedtime story, which John or I will read, but of late Albion is able to tell the story and can make out one or two words. This night he chose Snow White.
And I will think, and never say, but you have given me so much already.
It’s not good enough. “John, are you heterosexual and experimenting, bisexual and describing it in mawkish terms, homosexual and prevaricating or some form of inadequately-researched sexuality that finds it self drawn to me?”
"I'm friends with a forensic pathologist at St Barts. They let me use their facilities sometimes and when I need a body part, they help out."
“Sherlock, I don’t know what you’re talking about. If you want to get some balloons to shoot, fine.”
“This is a miserable story.”
because I like to think
She gave me a very soulful look, which is actually her normal resting face.
“I know. I had no idea that I would be remotely interested in a child at all. But I just adored him the moment I saw him. The hospital staff hated me because I wouldn’t go home. They kept kicking me out. I hated being separated from him. That was weird.”
"That's not what I'm asking. I had a tetanus shot two years ago. You only need them every ten years."
That cemented a pattern for us both – I end up in deep water, looking for metaphorical frogs, and Mycroft saves me. We’ve been doing it now for thirty six years. It’s what we do.
Ludwig runs a small, controversial clinic in the small town of Friesenberg, one of the low lying suburbs of Zurich. He is a pleasant looking man, with a balding head, mild blue eyes and a soft, warm handshake.
“So obviously you haven’t discussed your sexuality with John before?”
John turns around to face him. "Sorry?"
I told him a passable lie about helping a friend, which would have been good if I actually had any friends. “It’s for a case,” I added hopefully.
"I haven't had a good cup of tea for ages."
seconds before food and he’s stalling,
Lestrade has long given up trying to second guess anything Sherlock does. He assumes John is his partner because it seems unlikely any person would stay with Sherlock casually on a voluntary basis. And sometimes, he sees the way Sherlock will look up at John when he made an especially brilliant deduction. He'll see John smile, genuinely impressed, and he'll see Sherlock swell a little, as if he was actually able to ruffle a spray of feathers.
Perhaps, he thinks idly, we’re evolving into a species that can do anything while staring at a tiny screen.
I knew Mycroft would find a nanny, and I knew she would be competent, but I thought she would be one of those central casting nannies in a starched apron carrying a large carpet bag.
After two minutes Sherlock stands back up and unpeels his gloves.
We clicked perfectly, without delay.
“Ah. That makes more sense. Something she would have heard in church.”
The judge looked down at her file.
"I win!" John says in the softest voice.
“Throw it in the bin.”
"Of course he knows them. How else would he get them to the places where he kills them? Oh!
“It has simply followed its instincts and done whatever it can to get some bird sex,” Sherlock says dismissively.
It was odd to be in a suit, and odd to be among very familiar people who were all looking at me strangely because they could not fathom how I became a father.
Lestrade squints, his mouth soft and slightly ajar.
I deduced it had involved Ollie, which was unsurprising, given John’s new role in Albion’s life and the endless discussions of parenting over the last twenty-four hours.  John’s subconscious must have been sodden with his feelings and grief for Ollie.
For John Watson understands the value of natural fibre.
But no one came. Had I not been so mesmerised by my son, I would have worked out almost immediately what was going on.
"Well you must have good - I fail just about everyone first time around."
“Great colour,” Donovan said, annoyed at herself for finding the painted nails so alluring.
I was dreading this bit. “He’s mine.”
What kind of man is John Watson?
Next to John Watson, Albion was the most fascinating person I had ever met. Everything my baby did interested me, particularly his methods of communication.
ice cream into his mouth.
It started on the first night. She had made up her bed, and was really looking forward to a good night’s sleep after the exhausting move. Peanut was curled up near her feet.
And Sherlock flies off to find his dealer.
“Why?” Sherlock asks.
For he can clean the tub.
“He’s six weeks old. I change his pants for him. We have no secrets.”
“You’re wondering what happened to the cats, aren’t you? Here, would you like some more of this positively scrumptious bottle?”
"So, do you feel better now?"
Mrs Hudson was another, and most immediate. She is a great advocate of popping in, and there was only so many time I could plead nakedness. (My record is three days, although I was actually naked that time. For science.)
John wonders why no one is happy to see them.
“Oh, thanks, good, Just put it over there, no, on the wooden bench, and I’ll get it underway tomorrow.”
“And Mr Watson?”
Sherlock looks up at him with bright eyes. He has a new kind of smile now, one that John has only seen in the last few weeks. “I hope it’s my turn now.”
“Cowan? Don’t be a fool. Why do you want to know?”
“Tell me about your marriage,” Sherlock asks as he absently pats Rosie’s back.
“Well, John works shifts at St Barts, so mostly I attend to Albion at night. I let him cry, and tell him stories, which sometimes put him back to sleep. Sometimes John will take him if he’s awake.”
“You tell him stories?”
“I want my family around me tonight.” John made a secure little bridge with two large chairs and rested the basket there.  We curled up together with our son asleep nearby.
“What happened?” Mycroft asked from the bathroom door.
It felt like we were living the mirror image of the life we had before I died. Everything was the same except reversed and there was a beautiful baby boy sitting between us, grizzling.
“Yeah.”
"Sherlock, tell me who he is."
“Not telling.”
The taxi approached a large modern warehouse, identical to every other large modern warehouse in Western Europe.
"Show me your tongue."
“Have you ever known me to order venison?”
Time has marked John Watson for me.
I laid in front of him and showed him how to do it. “See? It’s that simple.”
“I can’t imagine why. You must have met countless people less equipped to parent than me.”
“Mrs Hudders!” She is one of Rosie’s favourite and she runs over to hug her, and says one of the succinct phrases Sherlock’s taught her. “Not my housekeeper!”
Sherlock is at his regal best. “I have every right to respond to anyone who challenges the safety of my friends, you tedious accountant. Pity you don’t police your own business as obsessively as you police everyone else’s.  And you can ask any of these people here” – Sherlock sweeps his hand elegantly amongst his friends – “who just witnessed these ugly rodents abusing Ryan. Who, I might add, is a dear friend of mine, as is his father. Now if you’d prefer not to have a bully for a son, I’d suggest you read a parenting manual or do whatever thing people like you do to cure your horrible children and ensure they LEAVE RYAN ALONE.”
“The order means that Albion’s mother rescinds her right as a parent and the right is then transferred to your spouse or partner.”
And I hung up, which was stupid because Mycroft would now come over to see what I was doing.
“No. Why would anyone do that?”
Those questions made my head feel misshapen from the inside.
Sherlock slept fitfully, the noise of the brakes on a interminable, bloody loop in his head.
Years of arguments about the heater -
They follow Molly down to the morgue. Sherlock talks as he takes long strides.
"You're free to blog about whatever you wish." Sherlock is scrapping away at small muscle fibres, trying to conceal his satisfaction at being the topic of John's blog.
“What? Why – what are you doing?”
Sherlock is about to snap back but stops short when he realises the complexity of the question.
"Still," says Billy. "You've always been the picky one when it comes to a special friend."
Annette, part showgirl, part temptress and fulltime microbiologist, sparkles like cut crystal. Sherlock finds himself looking at the largely uncovered expanse of her breasts, wondering where the scars are.
Where?
“It doesn’t matter,” John whispers. “There’s no schedule. You just tell me what you want. Don’t think about it.”
John opens his mouth to prolong the argument but it’s true – he still can’t tell the difference between lilac and lavender and he did marry the wrong person last time.
John Watson’s face dropped a little. “Oh. Right. Good. Thank you.”
Now Mycroft appeared at my door, with Anya. It appeared they’d been to brunch together.  My flat was starting to take on the properties of that movie where so many are people are crammed in a small room, they all fall out when some hapless extra opens the door.
Mycroft was sitting the old brocade seat that was once John Watson’s on a Sunday afternoon, feeding Albion. I was stretched out on my couch, reading the woefully inadequate police brief prepared for the disappearance of a school boy in 1993. It was making me uncomfortable.
Male.
The last time I saw John Watson, he told me that he was sick of every last thing and was going to walk around the world.
John chews his pizza thoughtfully. After a while he says, "I trained at St Barts."
Sherlock smack his lips. "Correct. She's been harder to stab - maybe he couldn't keep her still, or maybe he attacked her too soon, before he could get her up against the wall. Someone or something's disturbed him, changed his routine. I'm betting someone, because of the tobacco smell."
"I can't practice," and he holds out his left hand to show her its relentless tremor, then uses it to draw attention to his aching leg which he has stretched stiffly before him.
John doesn’t mind. “No,” is all he says. “But this does.”
He started loosening her blouse anyway and she responded by pulling at his shirt, but they were both so drunk that it ended up being easier to undress themselves which they did with a sort of bravado that gradually built to an increasing shyness and eventually a thwarted shame. She reached over to flick off the light but he filled with the shapeless terror and said as calmly as he could, no, no need, let's leave it on.
“But I just want to know-“
“Well,” says John. “Tell me about your ghost and I will see what I can do.”
“No. Okay, bye.”
"Praxton Pharmaceuticals."
The following morning Sherlock was examining weakness in tooth enamel on teeth he was plucking from a disembodied jaw. No argument could be made to prove he didn't get maximum benefit from his severed head.
He follows the voices. One is loud and distinctly unfriendly, one is more refined and almost indiscernible, carrying on the still night air in a hum.
Then there's some photos but he doesn't really want to look at them. He knows who's there, he knows what happened to them, he feels their absence or their departure very keenly every day.
“You’re the love of my life. If you want to know how I feel about you coming home and living with us, that is my only answer.”
His second act of brilliance was in the bath. He hated his first few baths, was indifferent to the next few, and after about ten days he seemed a little more relaxed when I slipped my hand under his fuzzy head and sluiced him. Then, at twelve days, I watched him actually taste the water as I carefully poured a small cup of warm water over his hair.
Our daughter has some similarities to her mother, mingled with John’s fair hair, clear blue eyes and slim wide smile. Sometimes when he is holding her they’ll both look at me at the same time and my heart twists in my chest.
She wasn’t helping.
He had two sisters in Edinburgh who saw him at Christmas. They had given statements but could offer no clues. Police reports don’t establish whether he was robbed. I’d say for certain that he was, but we’ll never know. It was maddening. I kept looking for the careless thread,  the thread I could tug to unravel the whole story, but there was nothing.
On the last day, Sherlock was red eyed and trembling. He knows he must his leave his sister but really doesn’t want to. Mycroft has schooled him carefully to make the exit as easy as possible.
“Oh Sherlock! It’s all so romantic! Is John giving a speech? Well, I don’t know anything about that. Sit down and stop fidgeting and I’ll bring you up a nice cup of tea,” Mrs Hudson soothed.
"What would they notice?"
"What? Solving a crime? No, that would be disastrous."
"Splendid." John, wondered how hard it will be to catch on with what ever it Sherlock has claimed he has done.
“I have a sock index?”
Angelo’s was their place. It’s where they went after the hardest cases, or the most frustrating cases, or when they felt like a hot meal and some pieces of the best garlic bread in London.
“No I don’t. He didn’t do anything wrong, just went to where the police sent him. It’s that awful man you should be telling off.”
Then Lestrade and Sally appeared.  It was getting a little ridiculous.
Mrs Best nods. Nothing seems to matter any more.
I had my arms wrapped around my son so tightly my biceps cramped. My mouth opened but I couldn’t make any words come out.
“It was a good story. I really liked it.”
It’s an unsatisfactory visit. John had no solution, nor was he prepared to make any promises.  He took some brief details and a cell phone number, and told Jenny he would be in touch.
"He is. He's in the shower but won't be long. Please come in."
of his face when he finds them.
“Well, you wanted to hear it. Shut up. Anyway, the Woodsman got married and at the wedding the Prince realised that his heart would never knock so loudly for anyone again, and all he could do was be grateful to the Woodsman for helping him discover his heart. And the Woodsman went off to be with the pretty lady.”
"I did, first time."
This pleased me enormously. “I know. Even his feet look like mine.”
The stress sent his senses into lockdown, while his wit and sensibility went into overdrive.
“Oh, yes.” John nuzzles the side of his face and whispers. “Tell me, did you ever think about doing this?”
“Both!”
It’s an exceptionally clever way to keep parents enthralled.
But my little boy, who kept my heart beating after the Woodsman found it, smiled and me and turned back to his sister, who more recently taught me just how far love can make a heart expand.
Sherlock crinkles his nose delicately. “They offend me more than I can describe.”
The old man smiled at bullet holes that scarred the wall. "Ambush," he said happily.
Their complete lack of concern has explained to John why Rhonda is a blithering mess. She is, in her small animal way, as traumatised and embarrassed as John. On his first night in the house, once she established he was a single man, she crept into his room and hid under the bed. The next night she peered out briefly to miaow and at him and let him know she was there. Evening, Captain!
“Did they get prints from it?” Lestrade wonders.
For he is kind.
"Really?"
Jenny shakes his hand, and then Sherlock is beside her. “Do you live here?” he asks.
“One or two during the day, but mostly I do.”
He’s not worried that Sherlock is absent, not exactly. A little concerned, maybe.
Sure.
And Sherlock can feel it on his skin and in his heart. More poems, he decides as they hold one another. We need more poems.
"You know, this job could be perfect for you."
In a swarm of bees.
"Look! I've had a wave of people come in to read my analysis of tobacco ash!"
“No. That was the start of the Prince understanding how woeful the police are at gathering evidence and solving crimes. But it was the start of the Prince learning how to be a consulting detective.”
John and Greg are watching Sherlock spin around the Bond Street robbery crime scene. Sherlock is in hog heaven, having recognised the key element of the crime, explaining the evidence and clues, and declaring immediately who might be responsible.
Ludwig found the little girl fascinating. Her intelligence was so vast, and so capable, that he had to devise new tests to try and measure her gifts. She spoke only English, but after one week was able to carry on a good conversation in German, and within a fortnight had taught herself basic French. By the end of the month, she was conversational in both.
“That’s stupid,” the child retorts with an adorable lisp. “You just have to kill them.”
Sherlock doesn't look up. "You left it in the gutter at Baker Street. Now tell me what you see."
"Have you called me for any real reason?"
"They're living together?" And Anderson laughs.
Our first sexual encounter was not like our first kiss. We had rough, groping sex because John was angry and confused and I was half out of my mind. It was not what I wanted for our first time. I remember hoping that it would be sweeter, less angry, for our second time. (I still have that hope.)
John has never been so impressed by anyone. "That was extraordinary," he says when Sherlock has finished.
John Watson wrung the washcloth quite deliberately and got to his feet.
Okay. When can you come
“Singing?”
Is he who knows what is good
and everything in my world is revealed
"And he plays scrabble on his phone."
Ademar’s tea is not as good as John’s, but the flat is tidy and decked out in modern, somewhat stylish furniture. It smells of eucalyptus, which is one of the few herbal scents that will override the heavy bleach fragrance of semen.
Lestrade followed me to the kitchen while I grabbed another bottle. I could feel him thinking: Sherlock’s stolen a baby.
Albion chose that moment to burp very loudly.
Every day of our life.
"Loth of people."
My boy grew more interesting by the second, an entire person who fitted effortlessly into my hands. I’d never wanted to know a person as keenly as I wanted to know him. He was a blank slate, entirely beyond deduction.
For he saw many troubling things.
John doesn’t look up from his notes. “Is that all she says?”
“Walk off some of those chips too,” Mike smiled.
"Did you pickpocket me?"
“Actually…” John dipped his index fingers in the plums and held it out Albion’s mouth. “Try that.”
"Money!"
“You’re not feeding the kid tea?”
Yes. Both are donations.
Billy giggles. “I just said that so I could introduce myself. And you know how boring it is out there.”
“You must be Sherlock! John told me all about you.” Caroline turns her face a little in a manner to mimic coyness. “I’ve seen you in the papers. That story your girlfriend wrote.”
But it was early days for John and I, and decided it would be best to withhold that impression for later. Instead I asked if the trip had eased his heart sickness.
“Was Mariah a friendly child? Would she, do you think, have gotten into a car with a stranger?” Lestrade asks.
“No. I don’t want him. They can have him.” She said this politely, and not with malice. It was an honest statement but still I ached for my little boy, that his biological mother was unconcerned with his magnificence.
“Yes. Sherlock and I share the responsibility, and I act as his doctor too, although he is has wonderful health.”
“Jenny! Hullo!”
“I just don’t want to seem like I’m barging in and taking over.”
Sherlock is about to explain Papa when they hear heavy leaps up the stairs outside. John opens the door to Lestrade.
"Ah, Doctor Watson. I was just telling Matron about your work."
Sherlock is crestfallen. Wasn't I good?
“How’s my friend Sherlock? I heard he was in some pain but that he made a great recovery.”
Lestrade had baby confidence. He knew how to hold Albion without making him cry, knew to keep his special little head supported, knew how to hold him so he felt secure and certain that he wasn’t about to be dropped.  I worried that by the time I had developed baby confidence, Albion would be ready to start school.
For he can cook a joint of meat.
“Her sister says she’s an addict who stayed with her while she was pregnant, disappeared for four days,  and then returned home not pregnant three weeks ago, claiming to have sold the baby to a dentist and his wife in Brighton. Then she disappeared again.”
John appears at that moment. He is wearing a blue shirt with dark trousers and looks rather handsome. He is also wearing the Serge Luten scent Sherlock gave him for Christmas last year and it smells – as Sherlock knew it would – sublime on his skin.
My bed was strange, my couch was strange, my kitchen was strange and being able to do whatever I wanted was strange.
“Definitely. This piece here” – I pointed a small collection of chubby letters – was written by a person who has English as their first language. This one” – I pointed the container stack on top – “is obviously written by a person whose primary language is French. Look at the way they’ve written the seven, and the accent on this e.”
and blinds temporarily.
John Watson picked him up quickly.
“We should talk to the mother first, though,” Mycroft says from the small table, where he and Rosie are starting a new puzzle.
More recently, as Mummy continues to travel and the boys can visit less frequently, the family worried that the limited social interaction would cause Papa to atrophy and be unable to say any words at all. Then Mycroft or Sherlock (it depends who you ask) hit on the brilliant idea on getting Papa a text buddy. Thus he spends hours every day involved engrossing conversations on a Galaxy II with a person whose primary job is to keep Papa chatting and preventing his magnificent, inaccessible brain from collapsing in on itself.
he taps on his phone.
“So from Gatwick, it would have taken her about fifty minutes to get here after she dropped off her boss.”
“He used to check on you first thing every morning. Hs said you were so beautiful that you might sprout butterfly wings and fly away, so he’d come in every morning to see you were still here.”
“How did he lose a yacht?”
Uncle Rudy looks at the clothes with a soft sigh. He would have loved this very wardrobe of clothes as a child.  “Well, we’ve got just the thing. You change into this” – he lays a frilly blouse and some trousers on the bed – “and I’ll get a few more essentials. Don’t forget your wellies.”
“You jumped off the fucking roof! I watched you jump off the roof! Then you pretended to be dead and I took your pulse and you were dead!” He leans heavily on the table and tries to restore some temperance to his grief. “I was at your funeral, Sherlock. I sat a few feet from your coffin. Do you know what that’s like, to see the coffin of someone...”
When Sherlock falls asleep, John carefully rearranges the shirt and bedclothes before he pads back to his room.
These thoughts cheered John up.
“You heard me,” I continued with a soft goofy voice so he’d know I didn’t mind. “I’m the one who has to clean it all up.”
Hamlet
Sherlock looks at him calmly. "I can thee your dog tagth." He takes a breath, about to ask questions associated with the more important deductions and observations he's made, but decides he needs to be stitched first. "Sixthy two minutes."
“Jesus, I am pathetic,” John says quite loudly as he walks towards Charring Cross. A few people eye him warily and step imperceptibly out of his path.
After ten minutes John had still not returned.
“Sherlock, this is a new born baby. You can’t steal new born babies.”
They don’t bother getting out of bed and use the late evening lolling to clarify a couple of contentious points. Sherlock is not optimistic.
“You were new born. This is three days after you were born, when Papa and I brought you home from the hospital. Look!”
When he’s finished, John looks at Sherlock with a shy smile. It’s hard to know what to say, because being the centre of Sherlock’s attention in this way is very new.
Sherlock's aqua eyes light up. "Do you get free samples?"
Albion and I both peered at the tins. He wasn’t so interested, but only because he doesn’t know how to separate paint with simple acids, nor how to add droplets of paint to fatty tissue and time the rate of absorption.
“I’m your father,” I told him in a very quiet voice. “I play the violin and solve crimes. You can sleep in my lounge room when we get home.”
“Clarify what? Some kid loses her shoe and disappears. What are you asking me for?”
“Did the Prince consummate their relationship?”
“Wouldn’t that be bisexual?”
“You don’t mind?”
“Oh do shut up, Mycroft. No, I did not steal a baby and no, I didn’t buy one. I impregnated a girl in the crack house and she gave birth last week. She came back here, told me her boyfriend was going to kill me, stole the money and left me the baby. So I suppose in a way I did buy him, if in fact you can buy your own son.”
(They had not progressed beyond this. It was clear that they both wanted to discuss details of their respective military careers but refused to do so until one silently acknowledge the other was in charge.
He actually didn’t know.
“Fuck, Sherlock” John says again as sweeps kisses over his face. “That was fantastic.”
There are more things in heaven and earth, Horatio,
Jeremy looks down and nods slightly.
John and Sherlock exchange a tiny glance, because so much has happened. John then explains the plans that Mycroft has supplied, and their intention to start today at 17 Beechers Road in Enfield, where Mariah lived, and make their way to the Wridges office in Putney, where Julia worked. Sherlock wants to see the logistics of the trip, if she could have transported the child for the distance, and if she did, if the child was buried somewhere at the Wine office site.
"I'm going to recommend you see an employment agency. I've referred a lot of patients to Reynolds and had good results."
But John is smiling." You'll break your stitches," he says calmly. "Slow down." He leans back in and offers his mouth gently, dabbing his tongue against Sherlock's, slowly winding his arms around him until his hands meet on his back.
“Nope. I just have stuff to do now.”
“Why does he need us to look at containers?”
The brothers greet their father with enthusiasm and affection. "Hello Papa!" He accepts embraces from both and generously kisses each head. They wait with great anticipation to see who he will address.
The next morning John wakes and makes an immediate vow never to drink again before struggling to the bathroom on two stiff feet. When he returns to their bed, he finds this taped to a freshly made cup of tea, alongside a tall glass of water and two paracetomol tablets on his bedside table:
“Anyone could have told her about the shoe.”
Mrs Best shrugs. “She was at work the whole time. The police did talk to her, but she couldn’t have been involved. I only met her once, when she came to our house to tell me she was having an affair with Robert.”
Everything changed for us after that day, at least in terms of our relationship.
It seemed like a fair exchange. Mike held Albion briefly, long enough for me to observe that he had baby confidence too.
“Remarkably well. She prefers to work unsupervised, which suits me, because I prefer not to supervise her.”
“Because they keep you sane. And they make you special too."
“Do we have bath sex?”
“When?”
Milk no sugar and a clip under the ear
Eight months after John had settled in to Baker Street, Sherlock, who had been wandering around John's trees in his mind palace, asked him when he first realised when he might like him.
John shrugs. “I like walking. I want to walk for a bit. Clear my head.”
“He did, but he thought the Prince was a bit of a joke and just led him on until he got bored.”
"So judging by the position of the body, the killer's been disturbed."
For a moment John can't recall where he is. "No, you're fine, don't worry about it," he says with a cloudy mouth.
Penny files away at his callouses and paints Sherlock’s toes a deep dark blue that is flecked with little glints of silver. He chose the colour because it was called Constellation and sounded like science.
John shrugs his shoulders. He knows what he likes but doesn’t like to think about it too much. “Probably. Look, I don’t know quite what to say here Sherlock, except I have very strong feelings for you and have done for a long time. And if I’ve caused you pain, I like the opportunity to  - you know, make you better.”
As he speaks Sherlock thinks the food is one of the most stupid ideas he’s ever had but John, who will continue surprising Sherlock for the rest of their lives, is delighted.
The child’s real father had reported Mrs Watson to Social Services, for reasons I still haven’t learnt. I’m guessing they had some kind of disagreement.
"Renzo does make great pizza. It would be good at any temperature."
Sherlock has read a lot of the research but doesn't disclose this. "Only briefly, on cases," is all he says.
John was still trying to smooth Albion’s soft little tufts. They sprung up like dandelions . “You know that one of the other junkies filmed it on their phone.”
It’s those memories that put the sad shades in Sherlock’s eyes. He walks back to his room and closes the door to dress.
For he is an active volcano covered in veins of lava.
"This is a fantastic location."
For he has shaped my heart with his bare hands.
Sherlock stands with his hands behind his back and looks around the room. Has a cleaner. Has seen four clients in the last twenty four hours. Does yoga. Was recently caring for a friend’s dog. Large dog. Large shorthair dog. Was raised by one parent.  Interested in astrology. Sun in Taurus, moon in Aquarius. Collects mid 20th century English china. Travelled to Hong Kong as a teenager. Likes someone called Morrissey.
For he can make gravy from scratch.
It took eight days for the wound to heal, and another three days before I could walk properly again. As soon as the doctors said I was on the road to a good recovery, Mycroft had me collected and taken to yet another private hospital with a rehabilitation facility.
“What? How do you know?”
"I'm sorry your excellent stitches prevent my from returning the pleasure you gave me, but I hope this is just as good." John watches with cautious eyes as Sherlock pours the lubricant over his fingers and glazes his cock with it. It hits home hard, John sucks in his breath and his pelvis bucks instinctively.
Oh, Sherlock.
Our first outing necessitated some very thorough research. Babies, I learnt, don’t travel lightly. The mothers’ websites (all of which are run with the precision of battle ships and overseen by the most fearsome women on the planet) had advised me that I needed to take quite a few things. It was like going on a small holiday.
“Anthea sees all.”
"Well, the killer obviously gets his jollies, serial killers do" –
Sherlock gathers all his strength to produce a natural, charming smile.
Then he looked at Albion and his smile turned into another smile, the beautiful one he has for rare and very happy occasions. I hadn’t seen it for a long time and seeing it again filled me with confidence.
Oh! John smiles broadly as he steps off the train. Rhyme! He texts Sherlock immediately.
“She’s dangerous,” he tells Mummy and Papa plainly.  “These drawings are not fanciful, they’re an agenda. I fear that she is a sociopath in the embryonic stages, who needs help before she does something deadly.”
When I was in my late teens and early twenties, it was a waste of time lying to Mycroft because I had done so for years and he was masterful at discerning when I was lying, which was nearly all the time. Now I’ve reached that happy stage when I’ve lied so much, and lived a fairly interesting life, so it’s difficult for him to tell when I am lying or not. For example, I was once stalked for six days by female twins with a bipolar disorder who were convinced I was the anti-Christ. They were the nieces of a man I was investigating. They followed me everywhere, whispering. If I turned around to ask them to go away, they’d hold up a small crucifix or splash me with holy water. “Can you hear it sizzle?” one would say to the other.
"We haven't found their phones."
And this time, I not only had the notion of RESTING to contend with, but I had to own and process the fact that I loved John Watson and he couldn’t hear me say that.
John leans back to smile into Sherlock’s eyes. “It was romantic.”
Sherlock adds this important interaction to his cache of John material: He helps, and then he lets the person he helps return the favour. Emotional intelligence -this man has lots. Why then is planning to shoot himself? Why isn't he seeking some help?
Who would want a boyfriend like me, he thinks miserably. I’ve never had proper sex. I wouldn’t know how to initiate proper sex with someone. I am a rubbish gay man. I don’t even know how to kiss someone I like.
The good uncle leaves the study and walks through the grand old house to talk with Eurus. He finds her on her bedroom floor, drawing yet another set of gaudy pictures that depict Sherlock being killed variously with spears, nooses and tractors.
“The ghost?”
"The person who shot him has obviously had extensive training and experience - a shot like that in low light at a distance of at least 12 metres requires a still hand and incredible judgment. Only a marksman, a sniper - someone who's been trained very thoroughly in the art of skilful shooting - could do that"
where he will have to be introduced to a whole raft of new people whose names he won't remember and be forced to sit through an endless deluge of pointless meetings in rooms done out in wenge and chrome with some colleague bumping him with their chair and waking him up.
John smiles. “Thought you’d be impressed!”
“So – tell me. Where are we up to?”
"Where were you going?"
“She’s an old sick woman who no longer cares what she says,” Sherlock counters. “She said the one thing that was not made public – that the child lost a shoe. Why would she say that? Why not say ‘I don’t remember”, or “I don’t care” ?”
Sherlock, to whom things happen regularly & who only a short time earlier was flogging a corpse with a riding crop, doesn't look up from his microscope. He is mesmerised by small pools of blood that spit and shine like tiny stars as they burn in salty solutions.
"Obviously." Sherlock glares into his coffee cup. So much milk saturated with so much air, so little actual coffee. "I need to know what would actually set him off."
“Oh,” is all he can answer. “Oh. Of course.” And when he’s processed it a bit, “Why do you need to learn that?”
"We're going to see Ida. She's been here nearly two years."
“How did you think it would turn out?” I asked instead.
“Rubbish. All the toys in the world won’t help a baby to thrive. Love and care are what’s important,” the doctor snapped back. “Anyone can see that this baby is thriving on both. Toys are an optional extra. You people are unbelievable. If it’s really such a problem, I will personally go shopping with Sherlock and help him chose some toys.”
“How could I miss a fake pregnancy? Why did I choose her? Why did you have to jump in the first place?” he asked repeatedly.
“And we’ll bond over our military experiences when Anya agrees that I’m her superior.”
I’m wasn’t convinced, but was very smug that John enjoyed it.
John simply nods, giving away nothing.
It’s an old favourite: Sherlock loves to hear the symptoms and deduce the circumstances of the illness John treats. John loves to correct or concur. It is something from the old days, one of the things they had before everything flew off the roof of St Barts.
"The thing that interests me most", and he pauses just in time to delicately remove a small piece of gristle from the sandwich, "is that there's a female victim too. Makes you wonder who exactly he's killing. Does he know them, or just know about them? You know, like a hired killer."
“Here, your table is free! Let me open some wine for you. What a wonderful family you have! I will personally make a meal for the bambino. Baby spaghetti!
After the stress of meeting his grandparents, Albion roared at me on and off for hours with his lovely little red mouth, which interested me enormously because he had no teeth, but I knew there teeth just below the surface, waiting to pop up like crocus do at the end of winter. I looked into his little mouth for probably too long, and then I told him a story.
Sherlock swells with fury. He is about to launch into a enraged, detailed explanation about the different shades of sexuality but John, full of warm greasy food, beer, whiskey and a satisfying England win, is barely moved. He smiles benignly and firms his grip on his partner’s shoulder.
He stopped grizzling and looked at me, like I had said some thing interesting.
I have the gift of good parenting, and in that gift find the gifts that Dad has brought to Sherlock, and the gift of life Sherlock gave to him when he was back from war, bereft of giving and trusting no one any more.
“Hello Mr Albion,” she said crisply. “It is a beginning to be a very beautiful day outside so I think we should both enjoy a walk to the park.”
The moon is rising over London and a clear, sparkling night is gradually overtaking a sky just about exhausted of sunlight. The ancient bone coloured buildings all around sit in sharp relief; the air is cold and clean.
"No, no, please, go right ahead. Actually, your jumper too, while you're at it. And your shirt.
“Never mind. Maybe Sherlock will share his bricks.”
“I’m actually not sure.”
“Hideous.”
The day after the funeral, two local detectives visited the Holmes household. They had to prepare a report for the Coroner, and asked to record Sherlock’s view of the accident.
John's listening to both, his face turning back and forth. His hand is still, his leg feels fine, his mind is active and engaged with his surroundings for the first time in a year. Anything could happen.
“She works five days a week, starts at eight and leaves at four. Now. Postcards.”
"Wait. Why does he kill them?"
Sherlock nods enthusiastically, then beams at his sister. “I know!”
“Tell Sherlock I said hi, and that I’m glad he’s better.”
The room cleared pretty quickly except for John, who of course knows.
“Not sure. Darling. Sweetheart. My love. Which one do you loathe least?”
b) when the hospital did the blood tests,  DNA results showed irrefutably that Albion was my son.
“I am Anya,” the pudding bowl woman said. “This must be Albion.”
“That’s Peanut,” Jenny says fondly. “He likes to sit at the window and perve on people. But I have to go, I’m running late as it is. Maybe I can call in a week or so or find out if you’ve made any headway?”
John doesn't know what to say. He doesn't want to draw attention to himself, doesn't want to argue. Sherlock, however, has no reservations about doing either.
“I’m not happy about leaving you alone while you’re like this,” John said the next morning before he left for work.
John sets a mug of tea before him.
Will I see you some time today?
Usually it's John, but today it's Sherlock who smirks, starting at his eyes which crinkle and shine, then his cheeks which pucker slightly and then his mouth, which turns up at the corners despite every effort employed to hold it still.
Albion was determined not to be left out of this important decision and squawked loudly at both of us.
John smiles. "You really are amazing. Yes and yes. At least, I have a website. I've never written anything on it."
We seemed to be stuck, John Watson and I.
"Your brother?" John is more confused. "And is that your sister?" He points to a gorgeous
But I see them off, because obviously
Then she surprised me even more.
John turns to Lestrade. "So was she part of a gang? Is that why she has the punishment number tattooed on her arm?"
"Hello Doctor Hooper. You've got some psoriasis for Sherlock, I hear."
According to Eddie, once you have worked out the reasons you love a person, you automatically have the tools you need to make the relationship work, provided of course the person you love would like to assist in those mechanics.
John is also a different man. His health has much improved: he sleeps soundly these days, his legs are strong and his hands are still and calm. Sherlock thought, in their first days back together, that John had completely recovered from his post-military trauma and his post-Mary trauma, until the day he came upon John ironing his shirts.
“It does. It feels nice too.”
“It was his heart, which he never knew was there until he met the Woodsman. And the evil Prince threatened to burn it out.”
But he went to sleep.
Wrong, wrong and wrong.
The house is like the others Sherlock had visited. It's abandoned and clearly served as shelter for lots of groups of disaffected people. John can see graffiti sprayed over graffiti, empty fast food packaging, various dirt encrusted spoons and syringes, the occasional shoe, a couple of grubby unidentifiable garments, random pieces of newspaper and there, at the end of what had once been a hall, a tallish man with kind dark eyes wearing a disposable suit and holding a lamp.
“You will kneel before me, peasants!” cries Eurus as they approach. “Halt the boat, Mycroft!”
John looks over to the cat who has crept away to hide behind the couch. She peers out at him with a quarter of her face.
As Sherlock stands, the Detective Inspector raises the lamp so Sherlock can follow, in reverse, the track of blood loss.
I thought she was wrong, but we all make our choices with based on our personal interpretation of available data. “And her de facto was okay with it?”
He has a couple of things he wants to get out of the way before he goes.
“Have they arrested the last gang member?”
“Yes. I’m his father. He should.”
over fences and into my arms.
He hasn't eaten properly for weeks, and that's making him tired. He drops his clothes on the floor and curls up to sleep. The bad dreams start almost immediately, and once again he wakes up in jumps and starts, his skin slimy and hot, his mind clouded with the images of the people he loved or didn't know but couldn't save regardless, all the people he leaned over and watched bleed to death or choke or whose heart shuddered and jerked to a stand still under the stress of colossal pain, of himself bleeding to death in a stinking dry field in blistering heat, wondering if anyone was going to save him and if they did, would it be of any purpose.
"Yes, she really took to you. Or rather to Lenny. I wonder why he's in prison?"
Mycroft came to visit me daily, then after three weeks every couple of days, and then twice weekly.
"That's lovely. How do you do, Doctor Watson."
“Did you pack cutlery?”
I knew I had it right when Albion squealed.
For without him there is no life.
In the car,  Sherlock declares it would be a waste of time to come to Hastings and not get fish and chips.
"I said, we should keep separate rooms."
“You understand that  - Mariah’s body has been mummified after decades underground. She doesn’t look like what you remember.”
"Well, it took me a long time to put those stitches in and they're beautifully even. I didn't want them ruined by some sadistic coke fiend."
It is silent. Lestrade shrugs his shoulders a little, holds his palms out. "So where are their personal phones?"
My mother was nodding. “He really is the prettiest baby, and I’m not just saying that because he’s ours.”
“Could you show us where you prepare the bottles?”
Coincidence, meaningless, no proof, could mean anything – all of these things are on the tip of Sherlock’s tongue but the evidence -  the dreams and the voice -  are heavy as lead.
“What? I’ve only just got started. What? Why are you all glaring at me? If he’s old enough to wander around a football stadium abusing people, he’s old enough to be deduced. So are you,” he says to the two friends who are looking nervously around them, trying to find the quickest escape route.
“It’s the Lourdes Hymn,” Sherlock corrects.
“Of course he looks like me. I’m his father. He’s supposed to resemble me.”
It was not what I was hoping for our first date but beggars can’t be choosers.
For his jumpers are legendary.
“…although strictly speaking, John is perfectly bisexual and would likely fall straight in the centre of the Kinsey chart.”
He sits up to investigate and finds the remnants of a serious beating. “What the hell? Who did this to you?”
“Is he yours?”
John stays in the shadows, still and silent, waiting for the right moment to walk away, hands in pockets, as if he is just passing through.
Clearly there were many things I didn’t quite grasp about Dr Watson’s marriage. We had a very pleasant spell of staring into one another’s eyes, neither of us quite brave enough to move beyond that.
"I'm entirely satisfied, Matron, and thank you for your time this morning. It's been most beneficial. Doctor Watson, do you have any comments?"
For he is 42, always.
Instead of ironing the garment to drape on a hanger, John ironed everything into neat folded squares, squares that could be packed in a suitcase.
“Do you not want to work with me any more?”
"Thank you, Doctor."
While we waited for him to drop off, I asked about the post cards again.
The first time Mycroft didn’t save me was when the drug house in Haggerson was raided and I was arrested. Certainly he came to bail me out, but he was too late because the wound was infected and I had collapsed in the cell.
An odd sensation started to move through my chest, clamping my throat shut and squeezing the thin plate of muscles of my neck and jaw. Small prickles of sweat rose up my back; my legs were starting to shake.
He went to war and someone shot him and killed his friends. He came home and couldn’t sleep. He met me and we ran riot together and drank a lot of tea. Then I faked my death. (I should have thought that through more carefully, in retrospect. It ruined a lot of things for us.) While I was dead he met a cheerful dull woman and when I came back he married her. His wife has turned out out to be a paid assassin. He forgave her for that, and then they had a daughter who, it turned out, belonged to her defacto partner who no one knew about. Like her other two kids did.
“What does it matter?” I was holding Albion, who had just started teaching himself to pull my hair. He was already very good at it. “He won’t need a birth certificate for at least four years, and that’s only if I decide to enrol him in school.”
"It's okay, you've bitten your tongue. Okay, no, don't get up, let me just check you've not broken anything. I'll get an ambulance - " and then he remembers he has no phone.
In the absence of John Watson, I became the very kind of person I despised for nearly two minutes – one entirely enchanted and influenced by fleeting moments of sentimentality. I sent pictures to Mycroft, Lestrade and Molly. I even thought about starting a Facebook account to post pictures there, but that urge only lasted about four seconds.
I shuddered inwardly on hearing “hostage”.
“Can I have this?” I asked Mike.
“Why?”
"Yeah, well, keep it that way. Take my advice. Stay away from him."
“I’m going to have one a year until I’m forty,” she said, still entirely detached.
“Would it make you happy if we had a combined sock index?”
"I don't know. I mean yes. Yes, I do."
He turns and walks away, eyes stinging and biting his lip so hard he draws blood.
“Hungry?” Sherlock says after a minute.
“Seriously? This isn’t some experiment, some horrible bloody trick you’re playing just to see what will happen?”
“Frot, generally, although sometimes I suck you off.” John is slipping his hand carefully under the crisp fabric and spreading his fingers over Sherlock’s heart.
John texted back some lie about being caught up at the clinic. He would see Sherlock at home.
Billy nods with a grave face.
“Best friends,” John reminds him.
“She has the flat down stairs.”
Sherlock sighs. “I’m not going to win this, am I? Tell me who you’d rather be and I’ll be the other. Although obviously I should be the owl.”
“Well, this is impressive. What is he eating?”
“Sherlock, you – you are the only person who has ever made me feel so  - well, in love.  I was attracted to you the moment I met you. I think you are the most extraordinary person I’ve ever known. You mean everything to me and I would do anything for you. If you want me to cure your straight boy pain, I will, immediately and with great enthusiasm. Then I guarantee to keep you pain free for the rest of your life.” His gaze is steady, compelling. “And for the record, I know a lot more about sex than bloody Adeline Shivers or whatever his name is.”
"I'll be there in an hour."
Adrienne smiled. “Yeah! Good one!”
For he wears jumpers.
His frustrated pleadings have no effect, and Sherlock has to accept that he may never know if, as he suspects, a young nurse died of smoke inhalation six years ago. He grows sulky and sneers at the world around him for holding tantalising facts just out of his reach.
Because despite what Sherlock might have you believe, Mycroft really does care very deeply for his brother.
“Sherlock. It’s just - why can’t you talk to me about this?”
That was interesting. “Was that a plausible theory?”
as if he was made for me.
Albion pulled my hair some more while I thought this through. I pretended Mycroft wasn’t there and turned to John. “Are you sure?”
Sherlock closes his eyes as the fresh bandage is set in place. His heart beats a little harder when John gently cups his chin for a split second and says finished, all done.
“Well, that’s what’s so perplexing. I’ve been thinking about it and yes, we are. We are, and I had no idea. Was it the first time you thought of us as your family, this afternoon?”
"I was at the house in Putney tonight. ," he says plainly. "I saw you kill that girl."
“She used to ask the mirror if she was the prettiest person in the kingdom and the mirror, who actually didn’t see many people, always told her yes. That was until Snow White grew up and started looking in the mirror, so obviously the mirror had a point of comparison, which is also the basis of quantative research.
I rolled my eyes. Mycroft is unusually nauseating when he is being kind.
Dad tops Sherlock’s height by perhaps an inch and sizes up to him. “Who exactly are you? What’s going on here?”
“Why don’t you join us for lunch?” I asked, only because I could feel John insisting that I did.
"Sixthy sixth minuteth."
“Dada!” Rosie is awake and calling from upstairs. Sherlock and John both jump.
They play all afternoon with gentle supervision from Mycroft, and distant observation from Rudy.
John went silent again.
“For experiments?”
“What? Are you insane? Call them for what?”
"He saved my brother, you know. He was facing a murder charge and Sherlock proved he didn't do it, saved him from a huge prison sentence."
Which caused me great excitement because Anya had left two home cooked casseroles in the fridge a couple of days ago and that meant for the first time ever,  I was going to be able to offer John a home cooked meal.
“Professor Cowan told me he would send me a pelican corpse if he got an spare.”
Sometimes he didn’t want to sleep. I know that feeling.  When he was uninterested in sleeping he liked to cry so I would talk to him to calm him down. My success rate was about 40 per cent.
“Is that what you wanted?”
And then he disappears.
John doesn't move. He holds Sherlock's gaze.
“Well, he doesn’t have chest pains, which is the how he managed to sneak in to the surgery. Is he” -
The adrenalin is subsiding and the stranger can feel the first streaks of pain as the cold air hits the open wound and everywhere else - he's scraped his hand, knocked his elbow a little and bumped his knee. He lets John hold his face with careful fingers and look closely at the cut.
At that moment a group of three boys, fourteen or maybe fifteen, walked towards them, jeering and catcalling. Ryan seems to shrivel before them.
“The same acquaintance that painted your toenails?”
John starts a search of his own, rolling each nipple between his fingers, savouring the little gasps that causes, then smoothing his palms over the breastplate as Sherlock flexes his muscles. This little display fills John with tenderness and he holds him more closely, stroking his hands down Sherlock’s back but stopping when he feels ten or more long fat scars.
He hands them to Sherlock. It could be an impasse, but it is so typical of their communication, the secret, intimate language they are developing with its roots in trust, experience and their ever expanding understanding of each other. They stand face to face, each determined to not to smile but end up smiling straight into one another’s eyes.
When John has read the poem three times, Sherlock appears with a mug of tea that grows cold as John sucks him off, his fingers pressing into his buttocks, squeezing in time to the long wet strokes.
"Bye bye, Lenny. I'm so glad to see you're out of prison."
I sat with my father on the couch and watched him hold my son: Father had baby confidence but it was rusty. My mother sat next to him and looked like she was going to snatch Albion away as soon as we stopped paying attention.
The nurse is busy, and fits Corinne amongst a raft of other patients. When the phone rings, Corinne thinks it’s the nurse, saying she will be late.
“Kiton? Is he a friend of yours?”
“Don’t climb down the stairs! I’m on my way!” John rushes up to her and scoops her up in his arms, as if she has been lost for decades and he has found her against all hope. Sherlock is waiting for her downstairs, and John immediately puts her into his arms, understanding that grief and loss sits just as heavy with him, and at this moment, Rosie and Rosie alone can ease it.
Mycroft looked around the room, as if the intellectual stimulation he always hoped to find might float past any second. “I think it’s fair to say that her interest in Albion – or lack thereof –hasn’t altered from the last time you saw her.”
“I don’t know.” Sherlock is meditative for a moment, and then says, “If you left Mary, for another woman perhaps, or just left her, what would be the one thing that would make you want to go back?”
"He's with me."
An adult man, father to one of the other boys, is pushing through the crowd, calling one of them.
“He is a consultant medical practitioner,” Eurus corrects. “That means he is very senior in the medical community, and quite likely is attached to nearby hospital.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nope. Nightmare.”
“She’s in the car downstairs. If you agree, I can have her to sign the papers now, so the hearing  - while still imperative – is more of a formality.”
“Is he keeping it down?” the doctor wanted to know.
"Yes. I played Rugby at University and in the Army. And I was a fly half. You're amazing."
"Do you need me to pick any thing up for you?"
Sherlock loves the weight of John’s limbs. “I hope she knows us well enough that if she does ask, she’ll understand that we won’t skimp on the details.”
He would have read it a fourth time but Sherlock, who has probably timed his entrance quite carefully, returns home.
“I was murderous. I’ve never felt like it in my life. I hope I never do again.  I was so angry at Mary, so angry at him, and so angry at myself.” John took his hand away from Albion and jammed his eyes shut to keep the anger from coming back.
“Do you think she might know something about Mariah’s disappearance?”
Jenny explains that she brought her flat four months ago, and moved in two months ago. It had been vacant a long time, and she got it at a fairly good price, for London at least. She is single, and lives with her cat Peanut.
How does he know that? John is dumbstruck for a second.
They kiss earnestly now, moving more quickly, their cocks nudging.
It is very tender. John breaks the spell.
“Maybe she clipped her head on the side of the entrance on the way down,” John ventures.
“Hello Mycroft.”
When they get back to the files, John’s heart is heavy. “I don’t know why I did this,” he says. “It’s a waste of time, and its making me depressed. I don’t even know what era I should be looking for.”
“And wouldn’t she have to sign the papers for that?”
“Well, we might have a dog then. We can get a loud yappy one that we can train to clear the playground for us.”
They had been living together for six months when John's blog started to accumulate a regular readership. Sherlock is dismissive, waves his hands around, despairs that anyone would take it seriously.
I had just started cursing when I saw a large manila envelope on which John had written my name and underlined it twice.
“Did the Prince tell the women about each other? “
John can feel the sensations crowding Sherlock and knows that he will have a complete meltdown shortly. He’s seen it before at crime scenes, sometimes in an autopsy, where Sherlock is trying to organise his data and outside interference – even the sound of someone thinking – will cause him to short circuit completely, arms wavering and long fingers pressed into his face as if he might be able to deflect further interference to the endless voltage of his thoughts.
Everyone looks at him and only then does he look up.
“Well, yes. Shut up. After he was kicked out, the Prince ran into a woman he had helped in Florida and she offered him rooms in her house around the corner in Baker Street. The Prince was very excited but sad at the same time because he was lonely and he couldn’t work out why, given he didn’t have a heart. Anyway, he moved all his boxes and his violin and his lab equipment to Baker Street.
(See the end of the chapter for
I looked over at him, to try and deduce why he was asking this.
Sherlock disagrees. “It’s not a wast of time. We’re both learning a lot, and it will remind us what information needs to be sought next time we look for a person who disappears.”
“You never used to get letters from them.”
John feels Sherlock start to tremble under the weight of all these new experiences. You really are great at this, he whispers. Their eyes meet and lock as they thrusts harder. So beautiful, John tells him, you’re mine, all mine and Sherlock comes in a hot wet blast, thick streams of semen that squirt over John’s belly, the heavy rank scent clouding them instantly. John holds him in place; just a few beats behind as always.
John Watson looked at me. He didn’t know about the pharmacology thing.
John is looking at her heart rate on the ECG machine above her bed. Sherlock looks at the small case in the corner of the room. It is half zipped, and small puffs of clothes appear at awkward angles.
“Tell me exactly what you did with the money.”
I turned to my brother, who once again had come to my rescue. “Bring her up.”
“Oh.” I couldn’t have been expected to deduce that from John’s ambiguous comment, especially while we were eating the best chips in London.
John's standing at the door of a house just four doors down to road. He's holding a shoe box
John is flattered, surely, but it goes much further. The sentiment in the poems swells in his heart, and deep in there he starts to understand that this relationship requires a pronouncement, a declaration, something official.
That is intensely painful too.
“No, it’s very good. I’m ravenous. Can we have some now?”
Molly was pleased to see me but, I deduced, not entirely happy with the way things had turned out. I was unable to deal with any aspect of that so pretended it wasn’t happening.
(Harry is John Watson’s sister. She is something of a mystery to me because John never talks about her. I know only what I’ve deduced from a phone she gave John four years ago, because he won’t introduce her to me. This causes me no concern. I would have shielded John from Mycroft were such a thing humanly possible.)
Easy for me to say. Albion was not enjoying tummy time yet, and started some low grade grizzling to persuade me to lay him back in the comfortable position.
“Mr Albion has been resting for most of the day. He had some custard for lunch, and I have made him some sauced apple for his supper.”
“She’s not terminal,” Papa snaps.
John doesn’t just go somewhere, stand at the lookout for a few minutes and go home. He walks up the main street, checks the map, finds out where the library is, has a look a the local museum,. talks to the volunteer who works at the museum, asks them where he should have lunch, goes there to have lunch, tries to pick up the waitress, goes down to the tourist information centre, gets a complimentary map, has a look at their appalling permanent exhibition of the history of the local jam factory (or insert whatever local attraction you think is appropriate), goes and looks at the factory in person, talks to someone he meets near the jam factory – you get the picture.
John halts as if he doused in ice water. “A prostitute? You’re seeing a prostitute?  Is that for a case?”
John, who has a private penchant for misbehaving cats, grins and stretches a little so he can get a better look at the lightly swaying Toby.
Anya was an interesting person. I deduced that she was 55, shopped at Next and Jaeger, had three children (one of whom had died), was a vegetarian, divorced, skyped with her family three times a week, cooked a lot of stews and casseroles, ran regularly and smoked a pipe.
He took a couple of steps towards me.
Every millimetre was perfect.
The problem was, Mycroft with his razor precision and icy logic was entirely correct. I was terrified that Albion might be taken from me. His guardianship was unresolved. I knew nothing about his mother, other than she liked using drugs and wore a lot of earrings. She could show up any time and make a claim, and I know who is favoured by the courts in custodial disputes.
John's not certain what he was expecting from Sherlock's flat but once inside it was impossible to imagine him living anywhere else. It's been so long since John has been anywhere welcoming and comfortable. He looks around at the coloured wallpaper, the fireplace, the skull on the mantelpiece and the comfortable chairs and feels real covertness in his heart. It's a lovely place to live, charming and rustic but eminently practical, dependable and eccentric like a proper English gentleman's home should be.
Beverly is unconcerned. She taps at her computer and rolls the tip of her tongue over her lips while she reads through a list of possible employment opportunities. Her lipstick doesn't budge; John thinks it must be some kind of lacquer. He imagines kissing that painted mouth and feels a little knot of repulsion roll in his stomach.
Up until now, all four suspects had been under close surveillance but no one – not even Sherlock – had guessed where they were squirreling the money they were stealing. Now, early morning and one man dead, every aspect of everything Sherlock knows about this crime is folding rapidly through his mind. He is very excited.
“This was my favourite when I was baby,” he told his sister, who was sitting in my lap. Albion sat in John’s lap, turning the pages carefully and explaining the story to Bonnie, who was rapt. She finds everything he does marvelous, but nothing so much as reading a story.
“That’s a yes,” John says with a pleasant smile. “Molly. You want to come to the Rugby with us?”
She sort of sniggers a little nervously. "The old ones kept cracking under extreme cold. They ruined some of Mike's experiments, didn't they Mike? These ones are the better ones from Germany."
“I’m not. What do you want ?”
"Sherlock. Glad you could make it. You've cut your face? Who's he?"
They all listen carefully as Jeremy explains taking screen caps from movies and designing his own cast from the stills.
That afternoon Sherlock sat in his chair with closed eyes and his chin rested on an apex of fingers while he calculated, against his better judgment, the kinds of things he would like in a friend.
"I beg to differ. You went to an enormous amount of trouble to ensure his face was stitched earlier this evening." Mycroft turns to Sherlock. "Mummy will be devastated that you went to someone else."
Sherlock talks only to Jeremy in a surprisingly kind voice. “Straight Boy Pain. When a gay man falls in love with a straight man and the straight man doesn’t realise that every straight thing he does makes it worse for the gay man, because he thinks they’re only friends.”
He sees John’s fingers flexing and knows that he processing.
“I wouldn’t tell you even if you guessed. Patience, my love.”
Currently he is sitting in his office at a desk made cheaply from pine painted in a syrupy red paint meant to resemble teak, wondering what on earth he is supposed to say at the meeting he is scheduled to attend in five minutes. Shona stands in the doorway, trying her luck.
The plum man on the bench close to the entrance of the park is the first person John would have had to walk past, if he had turned left. He's soft and spreading in early middle age with a cheerful face and a resigned unhappiness that no one would guess. Not long after John didn't walk past him, this man goes back to his work in the local hospital, checks the slides he's prepared for the afternoon lectures and bids Sherlock, some indefinable scientific deducting genius or certifiable unfeeling loony with a gift for chemistry, depending on who you ask, a cursory goodbye.
“Promise me you won’t do anything inappropriate.” John has grabbed his bag and is about to fly out the door but halts for a second when Sherlock smiles with surprising innocence.
“I KNOW how to burn the house down,” Eurus says haughtily, but she’s lifting her self up, because a four year old is still a four year old, and she’d hate it if someone took her pencils - a very smart set of seventy two Derwents in a lovely wooden box - from her.
"They lose so much," The Detective Inspector says.
"I can't believe you came storming over here by yourself."
“Your permission.”
“Well, I have one where we’re in Camden tube station, another one down near the Traitor’s gate – oh! I have a brilliant one, one where we’re in the Chateau de Chambord and it’s very cold, but we have a fire in one of the huge fireplaces – and I mean huge, you could fit s dozen average sized adults in those fireplaces – and you’re naked but wrapped in a mink blanket on the southern helix spiral staircase - you know, John, Da Vinci is said to have designed them - and we’ve been on a case all night, and we’re both cold and want to go to bed but we can’t bear the idea of being separated, and then you pull me closer to kiss me, and –“
For he was a soldier.
The components of this failed conversation gathered in Sherlock’s heart as a heavy damp heap in and brought him down. When they got home, he curled up on the couch and stayed there for nearly fourteen hours. No amount of coaxing, cajoling or increasingly concerned kisses from John could move him.
“Sherlock!” John tried again.
"It sounds splendid, Renzo, but I'm particularly keen for Doctor Watson to try your exceptional pizzas."
John's not sure what's going on. "How do you know my name?"
Sherlock and John are back at the place where they first met. Some kindly soul has retrieved John's cane from the gutter and propped it against the wall, right next to Sherlock's front door.
“This is Albion,” I said crisply. “Albion – this is Uncle Mycroft. I will give you all his credit card details when you’re old enough to shop on-line.”
“No, just her mobile, She never said where she lived, but I think she works in an office in Leicester Square. But we can’t call her – what would we say?”
He’d hoped to keep his file private – it’s a little embarrassing – but was hardly surprised that Sherlock snuffed it out within hours.
I stood behind John, where Albion could see me. The Doctor engaged his nicest bedside manner.
