There was an awkward silence for a few more moments, then, "Well aren't you going to untie my baby bro. I tried to make his gag as nice as possible, but it's never comfortable to have your mouth rendered useless. I'd know. Also, he's going to need it for things, if you catch my drift."
"You, Dean Winchester, are an idiot! I wondered why you are Michael's vessel. Loyalty, love, free will? I would have stayed completely ignorant to all these things! Like I said before, it is because of you that I care! You are not a poison, Dean. You were my salvation, just as much as I was yours. You are not destroyed. You are my human, and you deserve to be saved!" shouted Cas with a possessive gleam in his eye that had Dean gulping and hitching one leg in front of the other.
"Now, what happened? Because last thing I remember is you leaving to figure out what happened to Stevie, and then, I back in the living room, with Stevie, and it's two days later."
"How- how did you hear me? How did he hear me?" stammered Charlie.
"You reckon?" asked Sam
"Gabriel!" Sam choked out.
Which was how they had found themselves in Times Square, watching a clock ticking down the minutes. Charlie's arms were wrapped around her girlfriends as she bounced up and down excitedly. Sam was holding hands with Eileen. Jack was chatting with Claire, Alex, and Kaia, looking adorably confused at Alex's flirtation.
Once down in the main room, he set Dean down on the floor. Then after fetching him a drink of water, he returned, thinking he would have to pull his brother's hand away again. But Dean had already done that. He was practically convulsing with sobs, rocking back and forth, hitting his hand against the wall.
"-if I made things awkward"
"Shut up, Cas!" shouted Dean, interrupting their fractured conversation with a shaky voice.
In which Eileen finds her way home, celebrations are had, and truths are revealed.
"No! Never, ok? You've still got me."
With Chuck still at large, it was easy. All of him was invested in The Plan, or trying to find one. Then came the phone call. The mask had almost slipped then, when he heard Cas' voice, and he had rushed up the stairs. But it had been that dick Lucifer, and when Dean realized he wasn't back from the dead, it felt like watching him die all over again.
But it was after Cas tried to move his hand onto Dean's leg that the evening got interesting. Dean sucked in his breath and went incredibly tense. Upon feeling this, Cas tried running his hand up and down his leg to calm him, but this just had him jumping up.
"Dean, what are you talking about?"
"You were asleep, Dean, you cannot be held accountable for-"
"(Right, now you two are going to go, make out, or whatever, and I'm going to listen at the keyhole.)" Dean blushed, but Cas glared at his brother.
"Did I- um, did we, er..." sputtered Dean.
"Yes," stated Cas, in his oddly confused, blunt manner. Dean smiled fondly at him and then blushed and averted his eyes when he realized Gabriel was looking right at him.
"What?"
Dean had lept out of bed, tripping over himself in his hurry to put on jeans, vaulting out the doorway, and tearing down the corridor with Cas sprinting after him.
Dean opened up his mouth to argue, but Cas fixed him with a stern look. Gabriel opened the door and ushered them both out. Once outside the door, the three men started staging a small whisper fight.
"Woah, ok, easy there. Now, here's the thing. If you take Cas, I will jump in there with him. I don't know if you've ever held a human soul before, because I don't think there are supposed to be people in you. So do you really know what would happen if I took the plunge? And, even if you have had humans in there, you've never had a soul like mine. I would just buzz, I will punch and kick, and Sam will prod and tug, and Jack will pull and wring because none of us will let this go. None of us will let him go. So either take the offer of Billie, and go, or never sleep again."
"Oh, that's a relief. I really don't want to have to kiss someone I'll never see again.
Sam had always looked to New Year's Eve as a source of hope. He had survived another year. Another godforsaken year of his godforsaken life had passed by, and he was alive. And right now, so was Dean. And Cas. And Jack. Things could get better. For the past few years of his life, he had counted down the seconds privately in his own room, walked over to wherever Dean was, cracked open a beer, tried to give his brother some scrap of positivity, and then left him to drink his feelings away.
"What am I supposed to do?!" he whisper shouted.
After nearly 20 minutes, Dean's cries had subsided, and he had only nearly punched Sam twice, and broken one glass. That had been scary, when had not only broken the glass, but grabbed at the shards, slicing his palms open. Once Dean had collapsed into Sam's arms and stopped with quite such violent movements, Sam took the chance to lead Dean back to his bedroom, stopping only to pick up from storage the large blanket that only came out when they were ill or hurt. He wrapped Dean in it, and placed him on his bed.
Sam and Eileen make dinner—brown rice and a stir-fry with far too many vegetables in it for Dean’s taste. He eats as much of it as can manage though. As weird as it feels not to be the one cooking, he can appreciate the gesture and the help. He’d have been far too drained to cook, especially for all three of them.
It’s Castiel’s turn to distract Jack now, and to keep him away from the kitchen while Sam, Eileen, and Dean prepare the food for tomorrow. They’ve invited Mary and Bobby, and Jody and Donna and the girls. Everyone promised to bring food as well, but Castiel had still felt like they were buying half the store earlier.
"Welcome to the uh. Dean-cave. Or Fortress of Dean-a-tude, it's—I'm not real sure yet." Now that it was actually time to explain, Dean found himself stammering and rubbing the back of his neck self-consciously. What if Cas thought it was stupid? Sometimes Cas just didn't get human stuff, or wasn't interested. And Dean wasn't smart enough or good enough with words to explain it to him. Words were hard though! Showing was easier.
that it gets worse when he's stressed and he hasn't been sleeping well and—"
With an exasperated sigh, Cas ends his profound suffering by swapping out Dean's broccoli for more of the other rabbit food from his own plate. Cas doesn't need to eat but he usually has a small helping of whatever they're eating because he says he enjoys it. He's come to terms with his grace being as weak as it is and appears to appreciate the fact that food doesn't taste as strongly of molecules as it used to.
Whoever is responsible for Walmart being the way it is, Castiel will find them and strangle them.
anova."
Carefully, Castiel lies down next to him, choosing to leave the lamp on for now. He tucks the blanket over Dean and curls his fingers around his wrist where it’s resting beside his head.
Cas, because he’s a dummy and super easy but also kind of awesome, instantly gets with the program and gives Dean a soft, gentle kiss. And then a second one when Dean immediately makes his displeasure known at the smooching being over too fast. So Dean likes being kissed, sue him. Cas still needs practice anyway.
"What's wrong?"
He was about to turn his attention back to the movie when Cas put a hand on his shoulder. “Dean,” he said, his tone more serious than before, “I just wanted to say thank you for this. I’ve been—I’ve missed spending time with you like this.”
The sheets and covers smell fresh and don’t feel tacky with sweat, so Cas must have asked for new ones and then made the bed. Dean wants to thank him but he’s asleep again before he can even try to wrestle his mouth into obeying him.
Dean’s heart clenches and he shifts in place, trying to catch Cas's eyes.
"You're s'pposed-d-d t-t-to—r-r-rest."
idea,” Sam’s voice begins to shake and Dean feels his own throat close up when he sees the way Sam’s eyes shine wetly, “what it was like to find you like this? To pull your
"Er, Gabriel, you seem to be fluent. Can you tell the lovely lady that I've only learnt a bit? Someone's got to tell her embarrassing stories about Sammy, so I picked up on the basics."
"Well that was Sam telling us to come join the party. Wanna go save what's left of a messed up world with me?"
"Well yeah! My brother Cas here flew us. Travel by Angel Air!" shouted Gabriel, signing along in perfect ASL, fingers wide with glee. "Now? Shall we go home? Perfect!" Without waiting for a reply, Gabriel immediately snapped them home.
Nearly ten minutes after Sam had left him, Dean finally hit the bullet. He had helped defeat God for... Jack's? sake. He could open up about a stupid crush. But it's not just a crush, is it? said a little voice in his head. You love him. You have for a very long time. You're scared he'll reject you. That his feelings arent as deep as yours. He might only be seeing the surface. You can't let him any closer, because then he'll see how much of you is just crap. And he'll leave-
Dean touched his lips to Cas'. Cas panicked until he saw who it was. Then he leant in.
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
"Shut up!" yelled Dean at his own mind, realizing too late he had spoken aloud. The door he had been deliberating in front of opened, and someone slipped out.
New Year. For many years, Dean had been locked in a love hate relationship with New Year's Eve. It meant a new year of hardships. Of monsters. Of pain and tragedy. All coming his way. But it gave him an excuse to get totally wasted.
Well, except for Dean. Whose morning wood was pressed into Cas' hip. Cas shifted involuntarily against it, and Dean let out a soft moan in his sleep. Immediately latching onto that sound, Cas shifted again. Dean unconsciously bucked into Cas' hip. Cas wriggled his hips, and Dean ground down onto him. It was when Cas rotated his ass into Dean's crotch that Dean woke up. Unfortunately, he jolted so hard upon waking, he fell into Cas, who jumped in surprise, and pushed him onto the floor.
"Nothing like that-"
"Because I did mean-"
"Woohoo! Yeah! Get some, Cassie!"
There were muffled voices on the other side of the phone and then-
"Yeah! That was it! A chick named Charlie."
The kid had never had a New Years. He had been in a parallel universe for one, and dead for another. So it came as no surprise to anyone when he curiously inquired what all the fuss was about.
"You have no idea how good it is to hear you say that again." Cas smiled softly. Taking a deep breath, Dean spoke again.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Yes?"
"Dean, are you saying-?"
"Shut up."
"Dean!" Cas voice cut him off. "I am trying to understand you, but what could you possibly be thinking. You seek connection and affection in your sleep, probably to make up for your profound lack of it in real life, and then apologise for it? Why?"
"Cas isn't!" shouted Dean, using actual words for the first time in the last hour. "He's gone! And it's my fucking fault!"
"Could be," replied Dean, doubtfully. "Best not to get your hopes up."
"I apologise-"
Dean breathed in the sound of people, noise, chatter, life. The worst part of everyone being dead was the silence. It was far easier to lose your emotions in a crowd rather than a silence so profound, you can hear your heart pumping. And Dean could hear his heart breaking.
"But I think I know- I think I know now," stammered Cas, smiling, but with tears pooling in his eyes.
Gabriel laughed. "You're alright, kid. Besides, taking the Lord's name in vain is definitely a-ok now. Use it as a curse word, blame him for all of your problems, because he is to blame for them," said Gabriel, finishing slightly bitterly, closing his eyes.
"(But then where do I look?)"
"Because I'm Dean Winchester. Because I don't have good things happen to me. Because I don't deserve them. Because- because-"
"He's gone now Gabriel," Cas reminded him gently. Gabriel nodded, but his hands still clenched angrily.
Sam immediately untied the strawberry laces from Cas' mouth and limbs. Once stood up, Sam hugged him, clapping him on the back. Cas then turned to Dean.
"Really?! Thank, well not God. Definitely not. Thank Cas? I'm assuming I do have him to thank, especially considering the 'we'."
Hands snaked around arms, tongues teased the seam of lips, two men getting closer and closer. Cas panted, and ground down, both forcing Dean into submission, and showing how desperate he was. Dean had just snaked his hand down to Cas' belt buckle when-
"Sammy, why the hesitation?" asked Dean, exasperated.
"I know how you see yourself Dean," continued Cas, walking towards him, "You see yourself the same way our enemies see you. Destructive, you're angry, you're broken, your Daddy's blunt instrument. You think hate and anger - that's what drives you, that's who you are. It's not. And everyone who knows you sees it. Everything you have ever done, good and bad, you've done for love. You raised your little brother for love, you fought for this whole world for love. That is who you are!
"Absolutely." They left the room hand in hand.
Sensing this, Cas came up behind him, and layed a hand on his shoulder. Dean shrugged him off immediately, walking over to his bed. He looked determinedly into his lap, refusing to see the hurt in Cas' beautiful blue eyes.
"Yeah. That's basically it. Before he was a dead crush, now he's a livin' breathin' guy. Who, by the way, keeps gettin' all touchy feely, puttin' his hands all over me, makin' me feel all funny. Like, I like him, but he doesn't know. What do I do? Help me Sammy."
This next chapter is highly Saileen centric, the Destiel coming in in the next chapter which is already in writing. Send me requests for what you want to see, but this story will eventually in involve wings, Domestic!Winchesters, Grace-Soul bonds, and job applications. This is a story of love, family, and a world that will always need the Winchesters.
"Will I have to kiss a stranger?" asked Cas, mildly alarmed
There was an awkward silence that hung in the air for several minutes whilst Dean opened and shut his mouth like a fish. Sam rubbed the back of his neck, and looked at Eileen. Cas looked down at the floor.
Charlie kissed Stevie.
"Er, yes actually, genius. There's a chick at the door. Red hair, chatty, smiley. Said her name was Cherry? Shelley?"
"That's it though! How did you know?! How did I not?! How did Cas?! Why-"
"Ok, well, we should go get her then. Right?" asked Sam, nervously.
When they sat up, they were right by the front door. Dean rubbed his head and accepted Cas hand. Sam helped Eileen to her feet.
"It's pretty obvious what you have to do. You already missed so many chances to tell him how you feel. Don't keep making the same mistakes." And with that, Sam clapped Dean on the shoulder, and reentered the TV room. Dean was left pacing in the corridor, running his mind off, muttering to himself. He almost opened the door twice.
Please review! Gives me life.
There was a long pause of silence, no one moving or breathing. Sam looked at the phone, Dean looked at Sam, Cas looked at Dean, and Gabriel looked at his third lolly that hour.
"Because what?"
The lady he had been talking was closing in, her eyes trained at his lips.
Dear Sammoose and Deano!
"Eileen?"
Which left Dean all alone. Like usual. At around three minutes to go, several people started chewing breath mints, and applying lip salve.
And then the tender moment was broken by Gabriel.
A few minutes later, they all proceeded into a sort of 'snug' room, that they had set up a while back, and started a cheesy B- movie with subtitles to wind down, Sam and Eileen exchanging sappy looks every five seconds. Gabriel was dozing off, slightly pale. Apparently, creating large impromptu parties are not a good idea for angels with recovering Grace.
They crept down the stairs, into the main room, around the broken glass and into the kitchen. Dean's hand tightened on the trigger. He may be only 20 after a mental breakdown, but his trigger finger was sharp as always. That had been drilled into him from a very young age: "even if the rest of you is broken, it don't matter as long as you can shoot straight". That was a lesson his dad had taught him.
The silence hung for a few more seconds when-
"Oh my God, I'm sorry. Oh wait, I probably shouldn't say that either. Don't, like, smite me or anything."
"Because it is. I love you."
"Shh. Shh. It's okay Dean. You have to let it out. Let go." But Dean was still vibrating with the effort of keeping quiet, so Sam climbed into the front seat and started driving. It was only a short way back to the bunker. Once at the entrance, Sam pulled Dean to his feet and inside.
Cas responded with equal amounts of enthusiasm, pressing his mouth into Dean, tilting his head back, and running a hand through his hair much in the same manner as he had kissed Meg, all those years ago.
"Dean." Cas' voice was pained, imploring, and concerned. A million questions, hopes and dreams and worries behind the single word. Dean took a shuddering breath. No one had ever managed to say his name like Cas could. The way he said it couldn't be described. It was almost reverent - prayer like even. The thought of an angel praying to him was so ridiculous he let out a small laugh.
Cas was talking to this lady next to him, and was mirroring his adoptive son in his confusion towards the woman's advances.
"Er, yes, yes," blustered Sam. She stepped inside and set down her bag.
"Of course Dean." And with that, Dean fell asleep again, curled up next to Cas. And for once, he felt secure in having someone watching him. Cas stayed sitting next to his unconscious form, carding his fingers through Dean's hair, watching as he kept his silent vigil.
"Of course, what is it you want to say?"
"Is Cas your idea? Bringing him back?" asked Sam. Dean remained frozen.
"Oh, that's... cool. Er. I guess even with that, I'm still not leading on the death count. I mean, this world me died twice, so me me stepped in. And then I died. And now I'm back. If that makes sense. Huh."
The first and so far only time Jack has seen Dean have a seizure it disturbed him so deeply that they decided to try and keep him away whenever it happened. Last night, Cas and Eileen came to Dean’s help while Sam stayed with Jack. It’s not unusual for Jack to come seek Dean out after though.
"Cas, what is it?" asked Dean, gently.
They sat together on the bed for a few more minutes, before there was a crash downstairs. Sam reached for the gun in his belt, while Dean reached under his pillow.
"Nah, Cas, you don't have to kiss anyone," said Dean, choosing to ignore the odd fluttering in his stomach that manifested when Cas specified a stranger.
Gabriel sat cross legged on the counter, twirling a lollipop in his mouth. He hoped down, and grinned.
"So where does that leave us?" Dean's face split into a grin, an incredibly hopeful expression.
"You can be happy now Cas," he realized. "Really happy."
I said there would be no angst. I'm sorry. I'm also sorry it's taken me so long to upload. Thankfully, this means the next chapter will be sooner then normal.
The kiss had gone on for a good ten, fifteen seconds before Gabriel intervened. Golden confetti rained from the ceiling, music started playing, and Gabriel blew a party blower as her burst opened the doors. There were also long strips of flannel for bunting
"- really good to have you back," Sam was saying and signing.
"Well by that standard, we are massive hypocrites."
Halfway down one hallway, he crashed into Sam running in from the other direction. They both scrabbled to their feet and set off towards the front door, but they'd only made it round the next corridor when the bowled Eileen over. Cas stepped towards the leaning tower of hunters, and touched his hands to them.
"Gabriel!" exclaimed Cas, looking scandalized, mouth dropping open in horror. Dean flushed from his neck up to his roots, pulling the sheets around him and Cas.
"Oh, hey Cas," stuttered Dean, trying to sound nonchalant, and failing. Cas looked more angelic than he ever had in the service of Heaven. His cheeks were soft and rosy, just the right amount of 5 o'clock shadow. His eyes seemed blue than they had ever been, and his voice. It did things to Dean. Gravelly and silky at the same time, it truly was the voice of what humanity thought angels were like.
"Dammit, Cas!" Dean shouted from his cocoon of sheets and blankets. Some things never change.
Cas took in a patient sigh. "Dean, you are not ten tonnes of shit. When you do mess up, which is not as often as you think, you do it with good intentions. And no one leaves you, worse off because of you. I promise."
His head was spinning, and he was sure the air was thinning around him. He couldn't talk, think, breathe. Had he been poisoned? It felt like it. His blood pumped in his ears and he felt close to collapse.
Cas had never cared for New Year's Eve for most of his existence. So what if another year had passed? Humans kept changing the calendars anyway. He had seen the New Year's celebrated 7 different times within the same year once. His life was long, and walked the passage of time with steady ease. Who cared how humans marked the trail?
Because he had been trying so hard to hide his feelings, there was now a lake's worth of emotion behind a quickly crumbling dam. He had tried to get as much anguish out of his system as possible in the room where Cas had died and then put on the brave face he had been practicing since his mother died that fateful night. There had always been a bigger threat, a person to look after, a job to be doing. But the defeat of God himself had left Dean on somewhat of a precipice,
Sorry about that, the shop didn't have any Congratulations for saving everything! cards, so this will have to work. I could have made one, but I'm a little low on juice. As the official messanger, I've come to deliver something. A little thank you on the behalf of everything. Sammy, my Sammy, please make sure your less handsome brother doesn't faint.
Castiel can’t help the way his chest puffs up and he automatically reaches to touch the ring on his finger. It’s been months, but he still can’t help feeling so
Dean freezes and turns big eyes on Cas.
Sucking in a breath, Dean takes a step back, dislodging Cas's hand. The touch is gone and he wants to scream. To cry.
"...did you make those with the cookie cutters you hid from everyone?"
When they arrive in the bunker’s garage, Dean is already there, leaning against Castiel’s truck. He has his arms crossed over his chest, his expression completely closed off.
“Is there something else about it that’s troubling you?”
“Please let go off this guilt, Dean. There’s no need for you to keep tormenting yourself like this.”
“I’m here, Dean.” Cas's hand is cradling the back of his head, his mouth brushing Dean’s and Dean reaches for him blindly, holding on tight. “I’m here, you can let go.”
"It's very…you. I like it. It's…" He frowned as he seemed to search for the word he wanted. "Warm."
Maybe he should have factored Cas into that decision.
“Oh—wow, um. Thanks, uh—thanks.”
With a sigh, Castiel lets the door click shut behind him and then sits down on the bed behind Dean. Dean doesn't verbally acknowledge him but Castiel can see his back tense.
“Of course.”
They’ve just returned from a hunt—or, technically, two hunts, both of them nasty cases of ghost possession. They had needed to split since the cases were happening almost simultaneously, Castiel and Eileen and Jack taking on one case while Sam and Dean tackled the other. They weren't particularly hard to solve but left a string of victims, and that took its toll on all of them.
, y-your l-l-lockscr-r-reen, th-that’s
Castiel wants to say yes, but he also doesn't want Dean to stay here alone. But then Eileen solves the problem for him, announcing, "You go ahead, I'll help with cleanup."
Cas looks confused for a moment and then scrunches up his face. “Absolutely not. And please never refer to my private parts in such a way again.”
Cas was still there, a hand on Dean’s trembling back, but Dean hadn’t been able to hear him over the static in his ears and the sounds of his own distress. Then, finally, the weight of his blanket had settled around him, and he could calm down, could breathe again.
Cas just hums again and keeps petting his hair.
“Cas isn’t mad at you.” When Dean makes a disbelieving face, Sam adds, “Well yeah, he is, but.” He pauses. “Dean, do you remember that you prayed?”
go into our family album."
“Remember what else happened on that day three years ago? To you, right in front of us?”
Dean’s quiet, his face still turned away. Then, the tension goes out of him and he nods.
Over the course of the day, everyone comes in to spend some time with him. They all seem to take in stride that he's a little grumpy and maybe a little pouty about being the only one banned from the infirmary.
“They’re not th-that great at it either. You d-d-don’t need to be good at something-g-g to have fun.”
“I mean, they’re probably gonna dry up soon,” Dean is blabbering, likely made even more uncertain by Castiel’s stunned silence,  “so it was dumb, really—”
Cas' lips cut off his babbling. They were warm and moist and slightly chapped. They tasted like honey and toast. How did the angel taste so unfairly awesome? Not that Dean was in anyway complaining, bit Cas had been topside for all of 3 freaking hours! He had eaten neither honey nor toast.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Hello Dean."
Dean scrambled across the room. "Shit, Cas, I practically assaulted you. I curled up around you like some clingy freshman! That's not ok, you cannot be ok with-"
"Did you love him back?"
"I'm the one who-"
"What are you talking about, man? asked Dean slightly desperately.
Dean stared at him, still not quite clocking the meaning behind the magnitude of Cas' words.
The box opened in almost slow motion, unfurling one panel at a time. Once it was done, it revealed a chair. A chair with a person bound to it with strawberry laces. A person in a dirty trench coat.
"Wow. That was fast," called Eileen.
"Ok," said conceded Dean, his voice not nearly as strong as he would like it to be.
After a few minutes of silence, Sam spoke. "What's wrong Dean? I mean, we won. Jack's God. Everyone's back-"
"Why does this sound like a goodbye?" he asked, trembling.
"Yes, but he's dead. He can't just undie."
There was a pause, where nothing could be heard except Eileen crunching popcorn and then-
"If that's ok?" Dean quickly backtracked. "I wouldn't want to presume, anything. I mean, you're an angel of the lord, do you even-"
"Woah, woah woah! But if you do that, what do you actually get. Death I understand, but Cas?"
"All will be answered. For now, who wants a beer?" All hands went up in favour, so they all walked down to the kitchen, taking their first steps towards understanding.
"Oh Cas, I'm sorry. We don't have to do anything you don't want to. We can stop all this."
"Who knew you moonlighted as a shrink, Cas?" deflected Dean. Cas fixed him with a look. Dean sighed.
Cas ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "Dean, I swear to you, whatever you think happened, didn't, and whatever you think you did, wasn't your fault. Why must you continue to belittle and demonize youself?!"
Slightly alarmed, but now very much interested, Sam bit. "Dean, how on Earth is it your fault?" Dean's voice turned low.
"Yeah."
"Eileen, well I-I just wanted to say that... well, I am really very glad that you're ok," stuttered Sam. Eileen raised an eyebrow.
After a few seconds of realizing that Dean hadn't replied, Sam turned around.
"Dean, what are they doing?" questioned Cas with Jack listening in curiously.
His mind was then very efficiently distracted by Cas' hand snaking round the back of his top, simultaneously brushing Dean's lips with his tongue. In Dean's haste to assist Cas with both actions he accidentally headbutted him. They both broke apart laughing, and Cas looked like he was about to say something, but then Dean took his shirt off, which managed to stop Cas' thought process. Cas' tongue was swiftly in Dean's mouth, running over Dean's tongue, the two men locked in a duel, a dance. Then they were against the wall, Dean's hips grinding down on the growing bulge in Cas' trousers. Cas was panting, eyes filled with both pleasure and alarm. It was this slight fear that made Dean stop.
But then came their plan to depower God. That had provided an excellent distraction for however long it had taken. But that was finished, and Jack had fazed out of this plane, up to heaven. And now there was no barrier between him and a lifetime of repressed heartache and tragedy.
"(If you think you are the only one with a wish to see this reunion, you're mistaken! I'll watch through the keyhole, you can look under the door!"
"You know I can still read lips, right?"
"Ok? No! Not really. Where did I go wrong Cas? Where did I screw up, screw you up so bad that you think you need to apologise for telling me your feelings?! That you need to fix everything in order to be family? That you need to be useful in order for us to love you. For me to? I'm always sayin' it, Cas. I need you. Cas, I need you. It doesn't matter if you screwed up, no Grace, no mojo, no wings. I still need you. I need you for being you, not for being an angel."
Dean looked around at Cas, who was being eyed up by several people, guys and gals alike.
"Honestly, no," replied Sam, and then continued at his questioning look. "Look, in a week or so, they won't be able to keep their hands off each other, and we'll all be walking in on them screwing on the kitchen counter. But for now, they're just going to exist together. Because they're both people who believed they deserved no love, coming to love each other."
"Er yep. Real close run thing, but details later," panted Dean, out of breath from the kissing, and blushing to his roots.
"And why," asked Cas, his voice deceptively soft, "would you think that?"
Dean let out a breathe, and was slightly hysterically laughing. Until Cas swayed and collapsed into Dean's arms.
"I'm an archangel!"
The bangs on the door crashed and rattled the walls of the room they'd trapped themselves in, and yet between them, there was silence.
Other couple were preparing: Sam and Eileen, Charlie and Stevie.
"Oh, never change Cas. Anyway, where were we?" And they walked over to the bed and exchanged gentle kisses until they both fell asleep.
God himself was defeated, a long stretch from the woman in white from their first hunt back together. More importantly, Gid was defeated, they were alive, and Sam was happy.
"Dean? Dean!"
Cas woke up in Dean's arms. Dean's arms were very nice. Muscular enough to make Cas feel a ludicrous sense of safety, despite having fully restored Grace, and thus being far more powerful than Dean. Warm enough to keep Cas at an optimum temperature even though the blankets had been kicked off him in the night. Secure enough that Cas felt that nothing could touch him.
THREE!
The Empty stopped, and the low buzz that Dean could hear, turned almost quizzical. "Yeah, that's right! You tried to keep him once, and do you remember how much of a headache that gave you?"
"Dean, what are you doing?" "Looking, for whiskey, Cas." He then backtracked, and spun around.
Bonus:
"New Year's Eve tradition," replied Dean, grumpliy. "When it gets to midnight, most people kiss someone."
Cas was rather quiet, eyes shining, watery smile, a similar expression to when he confessed to Dean. He went to speak again, but Dean held up his hand to stop him. "And then there's the biggest issue, isn't there? When did I go so wrong that you thought you could 'have' happiness? That you just had to 'be' it? That you couldn't 'have' me?"
"Yeah, one sec." Dean started groping blindly to his left.
"Proud of you, Sammy," whispered Dean, as he clapped him on the back. Those words spoke volumes.They spoke of 17-odd years, centuries in Hell, and one ongoing quest to save the world since that night all those years ago, when Dean had broken into the apartment and informed him that their dad was on a hunting trip, and hadn't been home in a few days. Since Jess had been killed, forcing Sam back onto the open road, into a life he never wanted, and started the cycle of tragedy all over again for the brothers. Since they had become brothers all over again after years of estrangement. They had made it through those long years, not necessarily in one piece, or even alive for a lot of it. But they had made it here.
And makes him hurt. Cas turned away because him entering the room and looking at Dean when he’s not fully dressed is an intimacy they can’t have. Probably one that Dean's alone in wanting, anyway.
Dean shakes his head. He looks at his watch for good measure and hopes he sounds convincing when he says, “Think I’ll go get dinner started.”
So, Dean lingers. He sips his booze at a snail’s pace, thumbing the rim absentmindedly.
“I was just saying hello to Jack,” Castiel explains, a little exasperated. “And I want to sit up. The ground is hard.”
Cas is looking downright guilty once he finishes and that just won’t do.
"Flour ba-ba-battle," Dean explains.
They didn’t even need to have worried about the things making a run for it because despite only coming up to about Dean’s chest, they show no fear, only relentless aggressiveness. Dean can barely even see what he’s fighting, glow sticks and flashlights only able to do so much. He tries to get a grip on the thing, but its furs slips through his fingers like water.  Deciding on a different attack, he lets it back him up against the wall of the mine, lets it come in close. Lets it think it’s won.
“You’re unhappy,” he finally says, staring at a point a little above Dean’s shoulder. “I know you’ve been trying to hide it from me, but you are.” Dean wants to interrupt him but Cas is already talking again. “At first, I wanted to confront you about it, because we said no more secrets. But then I thought about it from your perspective, with our history in mind. And, Dean, I want you to know that even if it turns out that whatever is making you unhappy is something we disagree over, even if it’s something you need or want that I can’t give you—I’m not going to just leave.” He’s finally meeting Dean’s eyes, and Dean can’t do anything but stare back, breath caught in his throat.
Dean is grinning genuinely now. “Yep. All-l-l the sulking. D-d-definitely.”
“Obviously I watched your butt the entire time while we climbed up here earlier,” Cas shoots back, not even trying to sound sincere. “I think I will survive being deprived of the view for a few hours.”
Castiel is quick to shake his head.
Cas chuckles and puts a hand on top of Dean’s head, lightly petting his hair.
He must have fallen asleep at some point. When he wakes, it's with a start, his heart in his throat. Sitting up so fast it makes him dizzy, he scrubs a hand over his face. When he fumbles for the bedside lamp with shaking fingers, he knocks his phone off the table. He squints at his alarm clock and, well, four hours are better than no hours.
The steel fence surrounding the entrance area to the three mine shafts looks undisturbed, but a hide-behind could easily slip through the gaps in it. Still, there’s no sign of habitation anywhere, and Dean fervently hopes the thing is just smart about hiding and they didn’t climb this stupid rock only to come back empty-handed.
Dean almost falls asleep in the tub and only Cas’s reminder that he promised him a massage gets him moving. He's zero help in toweling himself dry, but—Cas says he likes taking care of him like this, and lately Dean’s been thinking, why not just let him? Being pampered once in a while is like… kind of really nice.
“We can cook together,” she offers Dean. “Split the work.”
“Sap.”
“'M gonna t-talk with him ag-g-gain. Ok-k-kay? I promise.”
Dean gets a glint in his eye. “You see a mermaid?” he asks, smirking, while they continue swimming.
Dean angrily wipes at his cheeks again and says nothing. He knows Cas isn’t wrong, but he just…
Cas looked at him with sympathy but he shook his head.
Dean watches him approach the kids, silently hoping that they don’t turn out to be jerks. It’s embarrassing how much tension leaves him when they immediately flock to Jack, smiling and by the looks of it all talking over each other. At some point, Jack turns and points over at Dean. Dean smiles and waves awkwardly, feeling like a soccer mom.
Punching his pillow, Dean shimmies down the bed and tries to find the most comfortable position to pass out in until Cas is back. After another ten minutes of trying and failing at that, he finally gives up and reaches for the throw pillows, building himself a little nest. He feels utterly ridiculous even thinking of it as that, but it’s not like anyone’s here to mock him for it. Yeah, that’s right—he’s alone, hating it, and therefore allowed to do whatever it takes to trick himself into thinking he’s not.
“I did not hear you complain about the curry chicken,” Sam chimes in triumphantly, signing while he speaks.
"Hello, Dean."
At that, Sam looks up with a frown. "What? Those were really good!" He says and signs.
Dean moves his face away from where he had it tucked into Cas’s neck again and rests his head on Cas's chest.
Castiel strokes his hand down Dean’s side. Dean’s lying very still and seems to be listening intensely.
Dean swallows and resist the urge to lick his lips. He checks the time, and yep, they should really get a move on if they want to be punctual, which they do.
Cas doesn't move his hand away but he also doesn't move it at all. “Do you want something, Dean?” He asks, all quiet amusement. Dean can hear the kid try and fail to suppress a chuckle.
When stuff feels like it's all a little too much and he needs time to process, it usually helps him to spend some quality time with his best girl, so after his shower he heads down to the garage. Baby deserves a spa anyway.
Cas gets up and moves away, and Dean's skin prickles and his heart lurches with separation anxiety, because that's how fucked up he is. It only marginally gets better when Cas comes back and puts a cool, wet washcloth on Dean's neck. Dean searches blindly for Cas's hand and then grips it tightly when he finds it, hoping that Cas will chalk up his touchy-feely-ness to him being in pain.
Dean snuggles back into Cas and nudges his phone back towards him. “C’mon, show me what else you got, big guy.”
When they’re back inside the shelter, Dean is visibly exhausted and immediately lies down and curls up on his side. Castiel is glad to see it though—Dean has gotten a lot better at letting himself have the rest he needs. Letting himself have what he needs in general.
Dean shares a look with Cas, then calls, “Yeah, c-c-come in!”
A small, incredibly stupid part of Dean is let down when the message doesn’t end with an
“Jack beat me at Scrabble last night,” Cas says, sounding proud.
“You want some help?”
Settling back, he closes his eyes, hoping to be home soon.
There's that prickle under his skin as Cas uses Grace to check Dean's system for viruses or whatever. All Dean can focus on is how warm Cas's fingers are and how one of them is pressing lightly against that sensitive spot behind Dean's ear.
Dean wants to object and say that at least Claire did not adopt anything from him, she and Dean just happen to share a love for ketchup and for eating pizza with their hands, but his mouth is too full.
“Me and Sam can do it. You look tired.”
Dean turns his head to scowl at him.
Castiel lets him have a few more moments of pretense while everyone else laughs and jokes joyfully. But when he sees Dean grip the edge of the counter to steady himself, he knows it's time.
"Alright, D-D-Doctor Sexy, you win."
Cas rolls his eyes. “Dean,” he starts, in that tone that's a blend of frustration and exasperation, so Dean gives him his best pleading look. Cas squints at him, but then he moves his other hand to Dean's cheek, leans forward and—pecks Dean's temple. And then the fucker has the gall to smirk at Dean all smugly, while Dean pouts.
For a beat, Dean's thrown by the question until he realizes that his eyes must still be red. That's—fuck, he didn't mean for anyone to see him like this. For anyone to have to deal with him when he can't handle something.
"Dean?" Cas repeats, sounding concerned. He pushes the door open and then stops, eyes widening.
In trying to shove those thoughts away, the part of Dean that is dumb perks up again, telling him that he’s disappointed Cas doesn’t insist that what Jack said was, in fact, the correct term, because he does think of Dean as… as the one he’s committed to, the one he promises he’ll cherish and care for and never ever leave again.
“I’ve got you,” Castiel reassures him, shifting his hold slightly to support Dean more securely.
“Uh, try more like fifteen minutes, Cas.” At Castiel’s confused frown, Sam adds, “It took me a moment to throw that spell together. Not even Jack could wake you up. Your heart wasn’t even beating.”
Dean didn’t even mean to yell, didn’t mean to say anything at all, but now he’s yelling. Everyone flinches, probably because he’s barely said anything all night and now he’s biting their heads off. They’re staring at Dean like Dean’s punched them in the face. Instantly, Dean’s body and mind do a 180 and his boiling anger turns into horror at himself.
“—sor-r-ry—”
"Nah, just, uh. Didn't sleep well." Dean chugs some coffee for confidence and then chances a look at Cas.
"Of course!"
The banner that spells Happy Birthday is already hung up over the table, and Eileen is retrieving the cake they'd baked from the fridge. They'd hid it at the very back, behind Sam's extra healthy smoothies (that, to Dean's delight and Sam's dismay, Jack finds just as disgusting as Dean, though he is more polite about it).
"Lead the way,
“I just wanted to get some water,” Castiel grouses, but Dean isn’t having it. He pushes Castiel back to sitting and fills the glass at the sink. Then he curls up on the bed next to him, watching the TV with a closed-off expression.
"Is… Is it selfish that I still wished my Mom was here?" His voice is watery and his eyes are glassy, looking at Castiel almost pleadingly.
Cas huffs and rolls his eyes, but there's that smile tugging one corner of his mouth up.
Jack doesn’t seem to mind, beaming, “Fine with me.”
Castiel holds up his arm and Dean tucks into his side, head resting on his shoulder. When he drapes the blanket back over them, the edges of it swish over the prairie roses that are blooming on the hilltop, scattering a few petals at their feet.
Jack is napping in the back beside Cas, the radio is on low, Sam is reading, and Dean is driving.
There’s a lump in Dean’s throat, heavy and acidic. He
Dean had been in the library, standing in front of a shelf and staring at the rows of lore books in utter frustration, when he suddenly realized he was smelling flowers. Turning around in confusion to try and locate where it was coming from, he started feeling strange, like he wasn't all the way inside his body anymore. By the time he remembered that he’d felt like this before, it was too late.
Putting an arm around Dean, Castiel rubs gentle circles between his shoulder blades with his thumb. Dean makes a pleased noise and then asks, “Tell me a story?”
They're sitting like they did yesterday, just that Dean's sitting where Cas sat. It feels like there’s more distance though, with all those stupid books in the way.
way, but the smile is still bringing light to her tired eyes.
Dean sniffs and takes a moment to reply.
Slowly, they work their way through each individual letter. It’s obvious that whatever Dean’s brain is showing him has little to do with what’s on the page he’s trying to copy from, and Castiel has to gently and patiently course correct his hand on every single stroke, guide him into where to move the pen and when to stop. Dutifully, he pretends not to notice the frustrated tears that drip onto the desk.
"Sure, kiddo."
“Dean—!”
There was a pressure holding him in place and he couldn’t escape. A bright light flashed in front of his eyes and then split apart into rapidly moving images.
“...And?”
He's about to make a dumb joke when Sam groans and says, “Guys, we talked about this.”
"Where th-the fuck ha-ha-have you been?" he hisses, getting up and glaring at Castiel. He's clutching a few items to his chest—flour, icing, colorful sprinkles, and a box of what looks like cookie cutters.
It's super nice being a shapeless blob. Dean doesn't have to do anything but lie there with his eyes closed, floating in some near-sleep state while Cas's hands ease the last of the pain and tension out of his back and shoulders. Dean vows to himself not to actually fall asleep though, because he doesn't want to miss a second of this. And it totally works, except suddenly there's a loud snore that jerks him into alertness.
Eileen shakes her head. “He was just very old. I still miss him sometimes, but hunting isn’t safe for dogs. Too many ways they can get hurt.”
Dean’s falling asleep, Castiel can tell. Tenderly, he keeps loving on him—kissing his mouth and his cheeks and stroking his hair—until Dean’s breathing has deepened with sleep.
Slowing the motion of his hand down even further, Dean forces himself to take a deep breath so his stutter doesn’t ruin this for him by making him completely unintelligible.
“Dean! Can you hear me?”
“I’m sorry, Sammy.”
"He eat?"
After they've said goodbye to everyone, Jack announces that he'd rather watch
The next day, Dean had awkwardly apologized for his freak-out, not quite knowing what to say or how to even explain himself. He figured that it was over anyway—they had gotten most of the grace out, so that should mean no more seizures or whatever, right? And anyway, with the state of Jack’s soul up in the air, they had bigger fish to fry.
“What about here, how is everyone?” Since the hunt hadn’t been particularly difficult, they hadn’t needed to call in for help. Castiel had tried calling Dean when he had the time and the privacy for it, but Dean had had a bad speech day at least two days in a row. It makes talking exhausting for him, aside from the fact that it can get difficult to understand him. Seeing as they can’t really text either—Dean loathes the voice from the screen reader and with his disfluency, the voice-to-text function is useless to him—Castiel has barely heard from Dean.
It takes him a long time to leave the garage. Mercifully, he doesn’t run into anyone. But when he walks past the library, Cas is there, typing away on one of their laptops and frowning in concentration.
Dean can’t make himself leave though. Maybe it’s selfish—and stupid; he’s exhausted and could use the sleep. But Cas hasn’t left his side in hours, and Dean’s a greedy creature. Even when they’re right next to each other like this there’s an ache. Like Dean is still missing Cas. Like it just ain’t close enough.
Dean forces some of it down, hands Cas the bottle back, and then slumps forward and rests his head on Cas's shoulder. Cas's arms come up to hold him, and Dean exhales shakily.
When he becomes aware again, all the contentment from earlier is gone. He feels bleary and cold. Dean isn’t there, and Castiel doesn’t know where he is. The oil doesn’t feel nice on his skin anymore, and to top it all off, he thinks he is
“’M sc-c-cared.”
Leaving his unfinished drink behind, Dean stands, and Cas does too. They walk closely enough that their shoulders bump a couple times, and when it's time for them to part ways, Dean hesitates.
"What're you gonna do? You wanna watch something?" Dean's about to offer Cas his laptop, but Cas shakes his head.
which I
It takes a while for him to become more coherent and realize he’s in the hospital. Most of his stay there is a blur, and he spends a lot of it sleeping. There was still some fluid in his lungs when he was admitted, and they had to get that out, and warm him up. He hit his arms and legs on the inside of the pool as he seized in the water, and while nothing’s broken he’s got some spectacular bruises.
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam says, the picture of regret. “That’s—thanks.”
He rubs a hand over his face and sighs, then sits up and throws the covers off, because where's the point in staying in bed and dozing when there's no Cas to snuggle up to and—and whatever.
“Nothing,” Dean grumbles, at the same time that Cas says, “I told Dean about capybaras because they remind me of him.”
The dark haze around him suddenly gets pierced by erratically moving light that hones in on him, making him blink and turn his head away.
Dean looks down at the stove. There's still some warmth radiating from the oven.
One of the hunters was screaming.
. Th-that’s no small feat. You should b-be proud of yourself, kid-d.”
Cas is getting up and Dean reaches out, presses him back into his seat with a hand to his chest. “Give him a m-m-moment.”
Cutting himself off, Cas gave Dean a worried look.
Dean shakes his head.
"For m-m-me?" The paper crinkles as Dean opens the bag to look inside, and then his whole face lights up. "Dude,
Castiel reaches out and rubs his back.
“Thank you, Dean.”
Cas is sitting beside Dean, which is nice, and he nags Dean about slowing down, which is less nice, but it's still attention Dean's getting from him, and Dean is really pathetic for attention from Cas. Not pathetic enough to
Dean shakes his head. “Everyone.” His vision is swimming in tears when he looks at Cas, but suddenly he needs to see Cas seeing him. “Every time someone… and I don’t want it to stop, and at the same time I wanna punch them until they let go. I’m not safe to be around, Cas.” There it is, finally, the truth. “You saw it happen. There’s something in me that just—and it comes out, and I—and I can’t stop it. I can’t stop it.” Dean’s still crying but now he’s also breathing hard and shaking with an anger he can’t quite explain.
Sam unplugs the drain and washes the soap off his hands, then looks at Castiel with soft eyes, leaning against the sink. "It's better than you hoped for?"
“Did a monster get him?” The kid asks, looking dismayed.
This early, Cas's voice is rough, his hair's a mess even though he didn't even sleep, and he doesn't look up from his phone at all.
Dean doesn't flinch exactly, but he does almost fling the eggs on his fork across the room when the sudden contact startles him. Cas quickly withdraws his hand. Dean wants to punch himself.
The others get the hint, and conversation moves on around them. A hand on Dean's lower back under his shirt, Castiel is content to lean back in his chair and enjoy the lively atmosphere. Yes, it's chaotic and loud, but also genuine and full of laughter.
If Sam catches his evasive tone, he doesn’t let it show. Pointing a thumb behind himself, he asks, “We’re done setting up the fireworks. You guys sure you wanna stay up here?”
There’s a fold-up camping table and some chairs in the corner of the garage that Dean carries over so they can work comfortably. Jack spreads his papers over the smooth white plastic surface and explains at which point he got stuck.
It's not much, but Castiel hopes that it's just the beginning. That Jack will be encouraged to take photos on his own, to decide for himself which moments he wants to capture.
Dean stares at the two empty plates. Sam’s been tense and skittish and irritable lately. It doesn’t even help that Dean knows why, because he’s not sure how to fix it. If Sam was even honest about what’s wrong.
So far, their flashlights have hit nothing but stone and debris. It makes sense that the thing wouldn’t nest right at the entry, but the farther they need to go into the mine, the more at a disadvantage they are. Not to mention the possibility of the damn thing just crashing down around them. Dean’s anything but a fan of enclosed spaces, even with an exit nearby.
Dean didn't know what to say to that, especially since he could feel the way his cheeks and ears were flushing. Cas didn't seem to notice, busy studying the empty spot Dean had pointed the two recliners towards. "Is something missing from there?"
Clearing his throat, Sam says, an edge to his voice, “Alright, can we actually discuss the case now?” Putting his container of steamed veggies or whatever to the side, he reaches for his tablet. Dean makes a mental note to try and get Sam to finish his dinner. When he’s stressed or otherwise upset, Sam often deliberately doesn’t eat—a never-ending source of worry for Dean.
Carefully, Castiel wraps himself around Dean from behind, tangling their legs together and putting a hand on his chest. Dean’s t-shirt beneath his flannel is soft and warm from his body heat, and beneath, Castiel can feel the beat of his heart. Dean doesn’t move his arm away but he goes pliant and leans into where they’re touching all the way down their bodies. His heart rate changes from stressed to relaxed, and his breath slows and deepens.
Cas never replied to his text, so he must be out of range in heaven already. Or maybe he's finally realized that he was wrong about Dean and that he isn't worth it after all. Dean always knew it was just a matter of time.
meant to wait, but then he’d looked at the list and it was just so long. Surely, if he went ahead and got a few more items while Dean was busy, Dean would be grateful because that meant they could get out of the overcrowded store sooner.
The moment they're back in their rooms, Dean peels out of his jeans and flannel and changes into sweats and a soft tee. Then he collapses on top of his bed with a groan. He drifts somewhere close to sleep while Sam putters around their room, doing fuck knows what. Dean would ask, but he's tired and not in the mood to get his head bitten off. Still, he cracks open an eye and makes a valid effort at kicking his brain into gear when Sam sits down on his bed across from Dean and says, in a really weird tone, “So uh, Eileen wants to help with the case. She should be in San Diego by the time we're there.”
"And I'm sorry-"
"Breathe." Dean started exaggerating very slow in-out breathing. Sam rolled his eyes, and then continued into his psychoanalysis of his brother.
"So what is it? Before he was a tragic death, and now he's a potential partner? It all getting a little too real?" Dean rubbed one hand over his face.
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!
"Oh, just let me hug you, you morons!" called out Charlie. Sam and Dean moved as one unit, Dean wrapping his arms around her protectively, and Sam enclosing her in one of his famous bear hugs. From the flannel lined depths she whispered to them "You guys did it. You won. I don't know what happened, but I'm back, and you're both still here. Cas is here. The chick I'm assuming is Eileen is here. The weirdo with the lollipop is here, and no one's killing him, so I guess that's a good thing too."
"I bet I can make you really happy." It was then that Cas straddled Dean and their lips met once again. The kissing that followed was unlike their first one, when both parties thought Cas was about to die. There were no tears slipping into mouths, only tongues. This was not a bitter goodbye. This was a hello. This was finally understanding after years of knowing each other. Of nearly a decade and a half of repressed emotion now present in roaming hands, sliding tongues, bodies pressed together. Their first kiss hurt because they thought it would be their last. This was healing because they knew, for once, it might not be. They continued kissing passionately for several minutes  until the phone rang. After disentangling his and Cas' tongues Dean picked up.
"Is there even a reason for you being here, jackass?!" shouted Dean
"(I don't know Cas, the crack?)"
"Thanks Cas," sighed Dean. Someone rapped on the door.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
"Yeah, alright. Just a headache. Tired. Cold. I will feel worse later. But right now, I feel fine. Better than, in fact." With this Cas reached up to brush his and Dean's lips together. This time Dean reciprocated fully and enthusiastically. Pulling Cas close to him, they stayed lip locked until Dean had to breath.
"The very same! I must say, I'm impressed. The amount of birds you've flipped at dear old Dad since my untimely heroic demise could fill an aviary!"
"What's funny?" asked Cas, an adorable look of confusion on his face.
"Well, I mean, we were the ones to get her killed. What if she doesn't like us anymore?"
Cas didn't give a verbal reply. Instead he walked closer to Dean, putting his hand on the other man's cheek, finally, after all the time they had know each other, finally touching lips.
"Don't do this Cas."
His angel? His angel. Dean moved without thinking, pushing the competition out of the way.
Sam nodded, disentangling himself from Eileen, and glancing over at Gabriel. Once out in the hallway, Dean grabbed his arm, a sort of crazed panic dancing in his eyes.
Sam came up carefully behind him and wrapped his arms around him. Dean writhed, desperately trying to throw him off, struggling for breath, flailing and kicking. He struggled against Sam's grip relentlessly, torn between self-punishment, and relaxing into the pressure.
"Um, yeah, could you guys give us a moment?"
Dean shrugged. "Well if it is Gabriel, be prepared for an avalanche of sweets or puppies." He reached for the large 'pull here to open' tag, and yanked.
Cas was smiling, and congratulating the couple on finally getting together. He looked over at Dean and smiled hesitantly. Dean instantly responded, before stopping and blushing to his roots. Cas looked at him quizzically, but Dean had turned his attention to his brother.
"(Both of you, he's my brother, I get first pick. I'll look through the keyhole, Gabriel, look under the door.)" Gabriel glared, and Cas gestured.
Most kisses had music in the background. Soft piano, a guitar serenading. Their's had crashing on a door, and the sound of a cosmic being materializing. And yet the kiss was perfect. Tears were running from both their eyes and they were shaking, but it was still perfect. When the Darkness of the Enpty came at them, Cas went to push Dean aside, but Dean held onto the lapels of his coat. He shook his head resolutely.
Sam's arms closed around Dean's shaking body, rubbing his arms up and down his brother's back. He manoeuvred him over to the car, opened the back seat, and gently pushed him inside. Once they were both in, Sam tried to pull Dean's hand away from his mouth, but to no avail.
Then, they were in the middle of a two-lane, scrub land on one side, wheatfields on the other, and a hunter in a leather jacket standing by a pay phone.
"Cas, can we talk?"
To his relief, Cas is quick to shake his head. “No. If that were the case, I would have immediately let you know.”
“You don’t... like it?”
Cas looks at him with soft eyes, like that was somehow a profoundly romantic statement. He squeezes Dean’s fingers one more time, then puts Dean’s hand down on the armrest so gently that Dean knows it’s going to hurt extra hard in a few moments.
“You’ve been kind of quiet. And like you’re in your head a lot,” Eileen explains, even her signing somehow as careful and gentle as her voice.
“One t-t-time w-when Sam w-was l-l-like ten,” he starts. “He got inv-v-vited to this b-b-birthd-d-day p-party. W-we were a-a-al-l-lways th-the outs-s-siders in school s-so that d-d-didn’t h-h-happen a l-l-lot. Dad wasn’t th-th-there, so I brought h-him over to the h-h-house. I w-was just g-g-gonna drop him off a-a-and then c-c-come back l-l-later, b-but the parents asked if I w-w-wanted to stay t-too.” Dean pauses and rubs at his jaw in irritation.
“For twenty minutes," Castiel adds, unable to resist the chance to tease Dean a little.
He’s not looking but he knows Cas is squinting at him in confusion and disbelief.
He expected Dean to already have fallen asleep, but instead Dean’s lying awake and looking up at him tiredly when he opens the door. One of the lamps on the nightstand is still on, and Dean looks all kinds of soft and inviting in the warm glow.
Something closes off behind Sam's eyes and it makes alarm bells ring in Dean's head. “We're just friends, Dean.” He still sounds calm, but there's an undercurrent to his tone that lets Dean know he needs to back off, now.
Dean's trying not to cling, but—he's definitely holding onto Cas tighter than Cas is holding onto him. It's stupid and selfish but it hurts. It
Cas sighs and rolls his eyes but holds still while Dean settles against his chest and wiggles to get comfortable. Except he
Dean does know. He nods again.
Rain splatters against the windshield and the storm howls.
Dean winked at him and grinned. "You'll see."
When he’s ready, Castiel helps him stand and steadies him while he walks. Dean shields his eyes with one hand and stumbles every couple of steps.
"Oh, you, um—" Cas quickly turns around while Dean scrambles for a blanket to cover himself. It's so fucking awkward, and Cas is just standing there with his back to Dean, somehow even more flustered than him. "I'm so sorry, I didn't mean to—I was just—I swear, I didn't see anything."
“Yes, I’m—”
Dean and Eileen can't exactly text, so Dean's a little confused until he sees she's sent him a picture. It’s from when they drove back to the motel, and, judging from the lighting, Eileen took it when they stopped for gas. The kid and Dean are both slumped against Cas, glow sticks still around their necks, fast asleep. It’s eerie to see himself bundled in Cas's suit jacket and coat, but what really gets Dean is how content Cas looks in Baby’s backseat, watching over Jack and Dean. He’s got an arm around Dean’s back and he’s looking past him at the street lights, something peaceful in his expression that just makes Dean really happy to see.
“Dean, don’t talk with your mouth full.”
Cas doesn't look mad or irritated though. More like a mix of exasperated and frustrated.
“You done sweet-talking your car or should I come back later?” Sam points behind himself, his expression a blend of mock-disgust and amusement.
Cas leans back and bats Dean’s hands away.
Halfway through his passionate ranting, he’d become aware of the way Cas was looking at him—like Dean was doing or saying something amazing, instead of boring Cas with more cowboy trivia. Confused, Dean had paused, and then Cas had taken his hand.
Dean wants to ask where Cas is going with this, but something in Cas's voice arrests him, makes him keep his eyes trained on the night sky. There’s the wisdom of about 390 million years in Cas's words and tone, but also something else, something quiet and honest and fragile—something for when it’s just the two of them.
"Are you alright? You looked like you were in pain."
Oh, right. It’s Tuesday.
, and turns halfway around to Cas, “You c-c-comin' with?” He doesn't bother hiding the hope in his voice.
They’re still hugging and Castiel can feel Dean’s heartbeat calming.
Cas still sounds flustered and he still has his back turned. The way he’s so earnestly if awkwardly trying to preserve Dean’s dignity or whatever makes Dean feel warm inside with fondness.
, oh no, abort mission.
“I take it the cops ain’t a-a-any help?”
Dean grumbles something unintelligible in reply. He somehow manages to snuggle even closer and starts playing with the capybara pin attached to Castiel’s chest pocket.
Rubbing a hand down Dean’s arm, Castiel presses a kiss into his hair. “Or,” he offers, dragging the other chair close to sit down beside Dean, “You could let me help you.”
“Dean? Can I come in?”
He gets roped into conversation for a while, especially when Jack and the girls come over and everyone starts in on the food. It’s nice—Jack has lost his shyness and there is a lot of laughter all around—but finally, Castiel grabs two beers and wanders over to the grill.
“Dean… is this what you meant when I asked if it had something to do with Michael? Because what he did to you—”
Dean is busy licking pie crumbs off his fingers. “Don’t real-l-ly care. If I’m lucky, imma f-f-fall as-s-sleep anyw-w-way. What
Clumsily, he shrugs out of his flannel. He’s kicked off his boots and has his pants halfway down his legs when there’s a knock on his door.
“Wha’s goin’ on?” Dean slurred. Fuck, but he was so tired.
Cas growling, “I won’t let you near him.”
Dean shares a look with Cas, who looks equally as confused.
Dean's mood, if possible, sinks further. They just finished a salt and burn three days ago, and he'd been hoping for some more time to just, well,
Dean can feel his pout trying to morph into a shy smile, his ears and cheeks hot all over again. Ducking his head, he picks up the dish towel again, needing something to occupy his nervous hands with. He starts fussing with the string thingy that's at the top of the towel to hang it up, unable to come up with anything to say.
Letting his thoughts wander, Castiel muses that if there are any truly holy things in the world, feeling the love of your life fall asleep in your arms must be one of them.
“Dean, can you throw me the beach ball?”
“Ain’t like I got much to tell. ‘S been nice to just kick back to be honest.”
Setting his translation work aside, Castiel looks down at Dean in confusion.
To anyone else, Dean's tense shoulders and the way his jaw is set might translate as anger, but Castiel can see the way he's curling over his chest and the wet shine to his eyes for what it is.
A deep frown on his face, Dean's scrubbing the grill grate. The skin of his hands looks red and raw, his fingers are visibly trembling, and he blinks every few seconds like it's getting hard to focus on what he's doing.
He must have spaced out for too long because suddenly Cas's hand is on Dean's arm, gently shaking it.
Dean nods into Cas’s side. He was super smart and brushed his teeth before getting into bed, so now all he has to do is roll over once and turn off his bedside lamp.
Jack points at his chin, grinning. “You have a little something there.”
“Then you’re a traitor,
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>
, and hang out, especially now that the bunker is just theirs again and they don't have to worry about fucking Michael anymore. He sighs.
"Dean, put your items on the belt. Why did you even take these? They were not on the list."
Jack only just makes it out of the kitchen and down the hall to his room before Cas enters, looking around.
Dean quickly falls asleep and doesn’t even wake when Jack comes over to show Castiel the interesting stones he’s found and tell him about the fishes he saw. In return, Castiel shows Jack his own find. He presses a finger to his mouth and inclines his head towards Dean meaningfully. Jack frowns in confusion but then it clicks and he mimics zipping up his mouth—a gesture Castiel is pretty sure he’s learned from Dean.
Sam stomps off and Dean wheezes with laughter, stupidly happy over his silly joke.
Biting his tongue
going to splurge on their motel rooms once they're in San Diego though, even though Sam's going to complain. If Sam insists on keeping him from nice things like his memory foam, and falling asleep beside Cas on his memory foam, Dean at least wants a decent mattress and sheets without questionable stains.
"Oh." He usually notices. "You can't go back to sleep?"
Dean grimaces. He knows Cas means it, but it only serves to make him feel more guilty. He scowls at the table.
Maybe he and Cas could just take it slow. Maybe Dean just needed time.
Dean nods, and then he’s gently lifted up by the armpits and helped to lean against the stove with his back.
Dean, who has such an affinity for sweets and who probably would have eaten one of his suggestively shaped cookies just to annoy his brother, hasn't munched on any of them.
They talk for a few more minutes, but then Jack starts to yawn. “Alright,” Castiel says, patting the bed and getting up. “Bedtime. Sleep well.”
“It was a l-l-long line!”
None of them particularly care about Christmas, but Christmas is also a human thing, and Castiel doesn’t want Jack to spend it fighting monsters. Maybe it is selfish of him, but he had made a promise to Kelly to care for Jack, and he intends to honor it.
"Cas? We cooked dinner. Can you tell Dean to come eat?"
So maybe Dean shoved his recliner closer to Cas’s under the pretense of needing to be closer to share the popcorn bowl. And maybe he for real accidentally fell asleep with his head on Cas’s shoulder.
There's only a handful of photos inside yet—a copy of the one photo Jack has of Kelly, and a few snapshots Castiel has taken more or less unnoticed by the others. Dean and Jack eating chocolate cake in that diner, Sam and Jack and Eileen playing a video game. A shaky selfie Jack and Castiel took in the backseat of the Impala.
Stupid fucking flashbacks-induced migraine. If that hadn’t happened, he’d already know what’s going on. Could have talked to Sam. Could have helped fix it.
Fuck, no.
Dean also realizes that they forgot welcome-back kisses yesterday, and is about to remedy that immediately when he draws back and makes a face. “Brush t-t-teeth first. And pee.”
Cas comes back. He crouches down beside him and searches his eyes. “Dean, you had a seizure in the kitchen. I’d like to check if you injured yourself.” Dean nods but has to close his eyes while Cas gently checks him over. He’s feeling confused and achy and he longs for Cas to help Dean to bed and hold him.
“Uh.” Dean looks at Cas, but he doesn’t seem to know what’s going on either. “Sure, kid. What will I b-be d-d-doing, anyw-w-way?” Dean can’t exactly do the FBI thing anymore, except as eyes and ears only while Sam or Cas do all the talking. Dean doesn’t miss talking to cops, most of them are fucking assholes, but he does miss the opportunity to wear his suits and play pretend. And then, he simply doesn’t do well with feeling useless.
Carefully, Castiel sets the finished card on top of Dean’s present for Jack—swim trunks, with sharks on them of course, already wrapped in simple navy blue wrapping paper.
Sam fixes Dean with a look like they're in court and Dean is a sworn witness that Sam is about to accuse of lying.
The drive home is mostly silent. Eileen chats with Dean about off-topic stuff but he’s too tired to talk much and just wants to get the inevitable fight with Sam over with.
“When you blow them out,” Eileen says as Jack sits down, “close your eyes and make a wish. Sometimes, they come true.” She winks at him.
“Out of my fucking way and let me end this once and for all!”
Cas has turned the one on his side off as well and has shimmied down the bed to lie beside him. Dean rolls over and right into his open arms with a sigh. He puts his sleep mask on so that Cas can use his lamp to read or watch something after Dean’s asleep. Then he tucks himself close, his arms going around Cas’s waist. Cas rubs his back, slow soothing circles.
He scoots forward in the tub, and Castiel eyes the space behind him hesitantly. "I might be too big to fit in there," he cautions, which, inexplicably, makes Dean huff out a breath of laughter.
“Right. I’ll just—” Cas doesn’t seem to be faring much better. He gets up awkwardly and goes over to Eileen, who’s watching them with obvious amusement. The only one unfazed is Jack, who’s just beaming at Dean.
Dinner is overrated and bodies are stupid. Dean grumbles to himself about the injustice of it all while he puts on the socks and sweatpants and the tee Cas brought him. The sweatpants are fine—his hotdog ones—but the hoodie isn't.
Dean stares at the closed door and then lets his head thud against the wall he's been sitting up against. Great. This is just... great.
“Send it to me,” Cas says when Dean shows it to him. “I want to use it as my wallpaper.”
Dean looks around for a moment, and he can’t even remember the last time he really cooked in here, for more than just Sam and himself.
Startled, Castiel flinches strongly enough that it makes Dean, who had been dozing with his head on Castiel’s shoulder, grumble and try to move even closer.
“‘M hungry not thirsty,” Dean grumbles, but Castiel won’t be swayed.
Dean rolls over and tucks himself under Castiel's chin, arms going around him. Stroking a hand slowly up and down Dean's back, Castiel waits for the moment Dean becomes pliant in his arms, but it doesn't come.
Dean frowns at him. "Fuck yes I wanna see the ghost army! They're badass!" Surely none of them can argue with that, right?
t-t-test with everyth-th-thing after.”
“You okay?”
“W-when you c-c-called from the sh-sh-shel-l-lter, you d-didn’t s-s-sound g-g-good. Did something-g-g h-h-happen?”
Dean grins at Castiel wolfishly, a twinkle in his eyes, and fondles the meat on the grill with the barbeque tongs. “Come to help me ha-ha-handle my
“Can I get you anything?”
Bracing himself for disinterest, Dean found himself getting even more flustered when Cas instead regarded him with a soft smile.
“Yeah.” He leans in for more kisses. “Mm. A-a-and your arms a-a-and y-y-your
Cas just watches him, looking a little bit sad. And while Dean is glad that the pain he's in did at least keep him from getting hard, Cas doesn't look ruffled from their little make-out session at all. Doesn't look like he wants Dean the way Dean wants him. Dean swallows against the hurt and as if on cue, the pain in his head makes him squeeze his eyes shut and wince.
“You know, there are people who would
“Cas, what—where d-did this just c-c-c-come from?”
“Okay, one, two, cheese!” Castiel announces and then clicks on the shutter several times. Dean makes a funny face and then laughs when he sees the result.
They stare at each other for another drawn-out, awkward moment until Dean manages to break away, face on fire, and struggle out of the blanket tangled around his legs.
“I... don't know. I only know what I would
Now, after triumphantly placing the box of cereal in his cart, Castiel consults the shopping list again. It's written in Sam's neat handwriting and is so long that Castiel feels lost every time he looks at it. This would all be so much easier if Dean were here to help.
They keep him in for observation until the next day, and the entire time Dean expects Sam to start yelling at him at any moment, but he never does. Dean figures that means Sam is really,
Dean had listened but not quite known what to make of it all. As soon as they took care of Chuck, they could go look for a spell to fix Dean, right?
Unable to do anything but nod, Dean leans back to give Cas room, and then his mouth falls open when Cas's thick fingers close around his leaking dick. Dean realizes quickly that not only is Cas a fast learner, he’s fucking ruthless in applying his newfound knowledge. Cas presses kisses along his throat and then nudges Dean’s chin up and sucks at the pad of fat under it that Dean’s actually kind of embarrassed about, it’s just hard to remember about that when the attention paid to those sensitive areas is making his heart pound. Cas's thumb is sliding over his slit on every upstroke, making his toes curl and his balls draw up.
tags/warnings: fluff, low angst, pining!dean, clingy!dean, cuddling, no smut
“Sure,” Dean says and signs. She comes to stand at his side at the counter and together they go to town on the potatoes, peeling and chopping. Dean’s feeling like it’s a creamy potato soup kind of night. Maybe with leek in it and some buttered bread to go with it.
He's holding onto the little satchel tightly, but his grip relaxes when Dean, having taken off one glove, gently wraps the fingers of one hand around his wrist. "Cas. 'S j-j-just me."
It only comes out of hiding once it’s located the source of the barking; seeming to morph into existence from one moment to the next. It’s on all fours, and Dean guesses standing up it’d be about seven feet tall. But even now that it looks and behaves more like a dog, something about the way it moves is just
Castiel rolls his eyes. "I realize that, thank you." Despite himself, he has to smile. "They were so happy. And I looked at the both of them and I just…" His voice starts to waver and his eyes feel hot. "I didn't know I could feel so much love."
“Gonna go l-l-l-look if Sam used up a-a-a-all the hot water for his stupid hair. Good l-l-luck kiss?”
“I'm not sure, I... I need to talk to him.”
“Well,” Cas explains as he effortlessly pushes the wheelchair up the ramp that leads to the capybara enclosure. His grace may not be what it once was anymore, but he’s still crazy strong. “They’re very social, and they adopt and care for any babies they’re given, no matter their species. Also, they greatly enjoy belly rubs and foot massages—”
When he goes back, they’re going to kiss, but he wants more. After all that emotional intimacy, he’s longing for some physical closeness, for comfort and for the opportunity to make them both feel good, if Cas is up for it.
“There’s no need to feel ashamed, Dean. Obviously you associate marriage with love, romance, and permanence, all of which you have been deprived of and consequently long for, so it only makes sense that—”
“What the hell just happened?” Sam looks at Dean, then makes a face and looks at Cas for answers.
Jack looks up from where he’s sitting cross-legged on one of the two recliners, frowning. “Why?”
“Why is it so dark in there?” Jack is asking. He’s watching a platypus swim in the water with wide-eyed wonder, reminding Dean of Sammy as a kid, ever curious and eager to learn. It makes Dean smile.
around the middle, but not too firm that it’d be uncomfortable resting against him, which Dean knows from experience is super nice because Cas is
fault that he hasn’t been able to brush his teeth in over a day.
Dean blushes deeper.
“I can’t promise that nothing will go wrong. But I promise you that you won’t be alone. Okay?”
He can blame Michael all he wants, but Dean’s the one who said Yes. He’s the one who was too weak-willed to push Michael out, the one that didn’t even notice he was still possessed and was being spied on.
Cas is silent for a moment.
Dean hums and nods his head repeatedly.
Heart rate rising with his anxiety, Dean mutely shook his head. Unable to keep himself up anymore, he let himself sink back against the pillows. “What…happened?”
"Vegetables?"
Letting himself fall into the recliner—which,
How could Castiel ever deny him when Dean looks at him with big pleading eyes and beckons him close with warm, open arms?
“That’s okay. Just wanted you to know that if you wanna talk, I’m here.”
rips the thing off of Dean. Rolling onto his side, Dean starts coughing as breath rushes back into his lungs. He struggles to get his legs under him and then Sam is there, hauling him to his feet.
Cas’s expression of concern melts into one of joy, his eyes shining with pride. “It’s almost finished. I actually think tonight is the last time we’ll have to go to heaven for now. It’s…” Cas trails off, seeming to try and find the right words.
They play cards for the rest of the evening, until Castiel notices that Dean’s becoming more and more quiet. To give him an out, Castiel announces that when the current round is over he wants to go read his book.
Feeling himself smile bashfully, even though it’s far from the first time that Cas has asked this, Dean sets his beer down in the sand. His heart feels light. He reaches for Cas first, taking his hand. Leaning towards each other, their mouths meet, gentle and careful. Dean presses closer and Cas presses back. A shiver races down Dean’s back but he doesn’t panic. He squeezes Cas’s hand. Cas squeezes back and intertwines their fingers.
“Merman?”
“What?”
“The platypuses?” Sam offers, and Jack immediately perks up. “Perry the platypus?”
Dean frowns, trying to get his brain into gear. He’s had some truly great orgasms where the aftershocks lasted a while, but being so out of it he didn’t even notice someone moving him and cleaning him up?
Cas is rummaging through what looks like Dean’s backpack, then presses a bottle into Dean’s hand. “Drink this.” It’s juice, and it’s
“Dean—”
Cas nods, and then suddenly he’s leaning forward, pressing a quick peck to Dean’s mouth that’s pretty chaste but still leaves them both breathless and wide-eyed. They’ve never done this in public before. It’s a first, but Dean still feels a little ridiculous with how fast it’s got his heart pounding.
Since the weather is supposed to be dry and sunny, they’ve decided to buy a grill and host a barbecue outside. It was Dean’s idea, and Castiel is doubly relieved that Dean’s feeling better since he’s been looking forward to it so much.
Dean is so quiet, and that's usually a sign that something is wrong. Castiel is getting ready to apologize for presuming when Dean, clumsily, takes his other glove off. Without meeting Castiel’s eyes, Dean takes ahold of Castiel’s hand and puts the second ring on his finger. And then he's drawing Castiel into a tight, clinging hug.
Dean feels his face heat and hides further against Cas's chest, making a mental note to complain about Cas being a traitor later. Sam makes a choking noise from the front, and for a second Dean thinks maybe his brother's delicate sensibilities will come in handy this one time, but then Sam laughs, “I can believe that. He hugs pillows in his sleep.”
“Of course, Dean. Get some rest!” She lets go of him and leaves. Dean is relieved and disappointed at once. If his head wasn’t hurting already, he’d really have liked to punch himself in the face for being so embarrassing and stupid.
"This will
He scrubs at his eyes and rubs over his chest, and turns the oven on.
It’s not okay. Cas shouldn’t have to deal with this. Not after Dean lied to him for so long.
“You’re my lockscreen,” he says, like that’s supposed to mollify Dean.
,” Dean shoots back, and Sam snorts and then grimaces.
“You were his parents?” Cas finishes for him, and Dean just nods.
The light makes him blink for a moment until his eyes adjust, and then he cringes. His eyes are red from crying and despite all the sleep he got, there are dark circles under them. Very thoroughly, he brushes his teeth and washes his face. The stubble makes him look worse than he feels, so he shaves it off.
Dean shoves his plate over to Sam, who takes it and shovels Dean's eggs over onto his own plate. The fuck, why doesn't he just use Dean's?
Dean chews his lower lip and nods. “Yeah.” He doesn’t deserve Cas trying to take care of him. Picking up his fork, he starts stabbing at his eggs again. They’re probably cold as well. He inclines his head at the research chaos around them, “You find anything?”
“What th-the
“Hm?”
The door clicks shut, and then Dean's alone in the dark room, and he really doesn't like it. He's going to have to suck it up though, so he rolls over, fumbles around for one of the extra pillows, draws it into his arms and curls up around it. Sometimes, when it gets so bad Dean thinks he's going to have a public meltdown if he's denied being close to someone for even another hour, he sneaks a hot water bottle into his room when it's time for bed. Having that warmth at his back helps him feel like there's somebody there, and it's the only way he can go to sleep at all.
“Of course, Dean.”
Cas chuckles.
“He is. He just… misses his mother.”
"You looked cute," Cas says.
It takes some effort, but Dean manages to arrange his features into a smile. “Hey, what’s up?”
Dean doesn’t know if he can do that, but Cas seems to think he can. Dean showed Cas his truth, and Cas stayed.
Dean and Sam exchange a quick look. Sam sighs, then turns to Jack. “Some people—actually, a lot of people—think that the homeless don’t deserve help, that it’s their fault for ending up on the street, even when they just happened to get too sick for work or be fired suddenly because the company they worked for had to shut down.”
Cas sighs and leans to the side as if moving to get up. Dean instinctively tightens his hold on him but Cas only switches on the lamp on the nightstand, making Dean blink against the sudden light.
The guitar case they’d chosen was made of hazelnut colored leather, with ornaments on the sides that reminded Castiel of the ones on Dean’s gun. Dean had smoothed a hand over it almost as if in a daze, then carefully opened it only to stare in disbelief at the guitar inside.
his responsibility. But that part has gotten more and more cracks over the years. Except, maybe, for the part that will always be ready to do everything to keep his little brother safe. He doesn’t think that’s ever going to change.
The dizziness and the aches are gone, and he doesn't feel a need for nourishment anymore either. The weariness remains though, and that means he still can’t use his grace for anything other than keeping himself up and running.
“Just remember that you did nothing wrong. Okay?”
“Well, I guess Eileen’s done with her Skype call by now, I’m gonna go see what she’s up to.” He gets up and offers Castiel a brief smile. “Hope you feel better soon, Cas. See you later.”
"No, I g-g-gotta..." He trails off, his gaze wandering.
"I know we've talked about it before but not in a while, so I hope it's alright with you that I—dammit!"
Dean snorts.
Cas starts stroking down Dean’s back and they stay like that until the others stumble out of the mine. Sam comes over to them and Dean notices with relief that he doesn’t move like he’s injured, just tired.
them aside until there’s room enough for them to walk through. It’s a good thing Dean’s so exhausted, or the casual display of strength would be giving him all sorts of very distracting ideas.
"I'm here. Did I wake you?"
Tipping his head back, Dean looks up at Cas with the most pleading expression he can muster.
"No. He said he wasn't hungry."
Cas has his business face on, but the moment their eyes meet he stops and frowns. "Dean, what’s wrong?"
“You should-d-d join ‘em.”
“No, I—” His voice is hoarse. Clearing his throat and mustering up his courage, he starts again. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to give you. At first I wanted to wait for your birthday, but then I felt it might be more appropriate for tonight. To—to start the new year with a promise.”
"I'm sorry Dean, you woke so suddenly, and honestly, you can't give me all the blame-" rambled Cas, which stopped when he realized Dean was silent. He prodded him gently, and Dean lifted his head. He was blushing all the way down his neck, and looking anywhere but the tented fabric of his slacks.
"Because I'm ten tonnes of shit, Cas! Because I mess up everything, and I poison people."
FIVE!
The door opened to Dean's bedroom, and both Dean and Cas walked in. Cas stood awkwardly, clutching at the sleeves of his trench coat, and averting his eyes. Dean was standing further into the room, facing the wall, drawing in breaths that were too shallow to be normal. He clenched and unclenched his hands in panicked motions as he tried to calm his breathing.
"Well. I'm glad to be back."
"Woah, Cas you ok?" asked Dean.
He instructed Dean to stay exactly where he was, and went into the bathroom for the medical kit. When he came back, Dean was still slumped against the wall, staring into space, face flushed from crying. Sam perched carefully on the mattress, tending to Dean's hand. After all the shards of glass were out of his palm, Sam wrapped it in gauze, being reminded forcefully of a reversed situation many years ago.
Dean nodded against Cas chest. "Please stay, Cas. You can't leave, not again."
"Ok, remember, I can't really hear you, so just let me clear some things up. Yes, it's Eileen, no I don't know where I am, I'm calling from a pay phone. It's on the B36. Can you pick me up?" And then the call bleeped out.
But there was something different about how he kissed Dean. Little actions revealing of a deep intimacy between them. Their chests were flush against each other. Dean arm was looped around Cas' waist. Little moans passed between them as they rocked together in loving pleasure. Cas smiled as Dean tilted his neck back to show his angel the extent of his surrender to these new feelings.
"No, wait just let me say it. On that day, when you pulled me out of Hell, you saved me. From much more than knives and whips. You brought me into a whole new age. I mean, I was screwed up, am still screwed up, and I'll always be a little screwed up. But you, in your painfully dorky way showed me that there's more than personal vendettas. That sacrifice means more than keeping your little brother safe. That I don't have to be my dad to be a hunter. You say I showed you how care, but you taught me how to live. You were my first friend, really. Before, it was: family, ally, civilian, enemy. And those were the only people in my life. But then I got more friends, and that's when I figured out that you were special. Because you don't make me feel the way I do about anyone. When I was growing up, I always thought I'd die how I lived, pedal to the metal, burn out the road and then burn out of life. Go in a blaze of glory, and all would be well. But you showed me that life has a value. That I should recognise when I have something to live for."
