“What’s the magic word?” Mary asked, with a faint smile. He knew she could tell how he was trying to keep the depths of his anger suppressed. Her tone was sweet, and entirely calculated to goad him.
“Entirely likely.” Violet said darkly. “They couldn’t stand each other. I think Sandra didn’t like me painting Hilary;
“She would be safe in Holloway at this moment if she hadn’t left one of my colleagues in intensive care,” Anthea said, with a hint of steel to her voice. “She made her own choices, Doctor Watson.”
Sherlock spoke rarely of his past, and when he did it was only with extreme reticence. John didn’t even know where he had gone to school; if it wasn’t for the periodic appearance of Mycroft he doubted he would have heard anything about his family at all. John had been slightly bewildered at the normality of Mr. and Mrs. Holmes, at their straightforward kindness and unpretentious manner. It didn’t seem possible that they had brought such an odd creature as Sherlock into the world. And since it appeared that they had, John could only wonder what had happened to make him into the man he was, apart from being gifted (
“Who’s that?” a mans voice called, from somewhere behind the bar. John peered over the bottom half of the door, but couldn’t catch sight of anyone in the gloom.
“It’s not fair!” John heard Pruny mutter. She was glaring round the hall, taking in the startled conversations and curious looks. She crossed her arms and stared up at him. “It’s
“I deduce that Mr. Singh said something that made you feel rather… possessive… towards me, just now.”
“So... er... what did you chaps want to talk to me about?” he asked after a moment of squirming under Sherlock’s glacial stare. “I’m not sure Violet will be too pleased if I miss too much of the class, you know. We’ve missed so much over the last few days.”
“Obviously.” Sherlock replied, stalking towards the kitchen door. He glanced down at her out of the corner of his eye and half smiled. “Care to learn how to pick a lock?”
“Look, I know you want to help-“ John said distractedly, pressing his palms against his eyes and willing himself not to lose his temper.
That feeling of connection, of wordless communication. The sense of shared purpose, no matter the cost. Sherlock had felt the world go still, every avenue of possibility clear and delineated and it was like music in his blood.
Patrick shrugged. “Not particularly well. We got along, as one has to when sharing close quarters. I wouldn’t call her a particular friend, but I had no reason to dislike her. I sometimes wished she was better at staying still during a pose, but that was a minor issue.”
Marmaduke’s upper lip curled slightly. “I didn’t have much desire for her company. She was here to do a job, which required the presence of her body. I didn’t much care for her mind.”
He gave Sherlock’s cock a last wet lick before pulling off to rest his jaw, giving the detective an apologetic grin as he did so. Sherlock watched him through half-closed eyes, his chest heaving and flushed with arousal. He bit his swollen lower lip and shut his eyes tightly as John began to stroke him firmly with his fingers, and let out a startled hiss when John’s tongue flicked across his tightening balls. “
. Sherlock had always stood close, had touched John with impunity, had bossed him about and never made a secret of his need for his company. John had always accepted this, in fact quietly relished it. But suddenly stepping forwards into Sherlock’s space, letting his hand rest on the back of his neck or the thin skin of the inside of his wrist… that was new. Receiving friendly glances from strangers who saw them plainly (accurately) as a unit, a couple; that was new.  And something about it faintly thrilled John, every time it happened. They were a couple, just as much as the married pair now playing gin rummy and drinking g&t’s across the carriage.
Back in the kitchen they found Katy surveying the damage and no sign of Violet. She held up her hands placatingly as they entered.
“Lazy.” Sherlock corrected her. “He probably intended to hide it in a more discreet place, but hadn’t managed it yet. Besides, he’s done a very good job of throwing off the scent so far; the man is clearly feeling secure. When Mrs. Duncan ended up in the river last night, he must have thought that Christmas had arrived all over again.”
He wasn’t able to leave her with words of reassurance. Because the ammunition that Mycroft held ready in his long clever hands was far too dangerous. John knew all too well that the man would calmly burn the city to ashes and rubble if he thought it would keep his younger brother safe from harm. Sacrificing Violet to the wolves?
Nearer to the stone steps where John and Sherlock were concealed, two men were struggling on the ground; one of them had the branch of a tree pushed up under the chin of his opponent. This did not seem to deter the pinned man from kicking his attacker repeatedly, slinging insults as he attempted to wrestle him off. Beyond them, the pale leader was fighting a tall man; she swung a long wooden stick gracefully around herself and aimed heavy jabs at his arms and legs. He was evading her easily enough, despite her obvious skill – he ducked and weaved around her blows and once, laughed at her scornfully.
“Excellent idea!” Violet beamed. “Why don’t you come and take a look at the gardens and stables tomorrow? They haven’t changed a bit!”
The woman had been palpably nervous, much more so than when she had previously passed on information. She was the manager of a café that Trenet and his associates frequented near the harbour. A tall, thin woman, with small watery eyes and raw cracked hands from eczema and over-use of antibacterial cleanser. She had spent over fifteen years keeping her eyes open and her mouth shut. But Sherlock had hardly needed to threaten her at all in order to extract the relevant information, simply due to the fact that her teenage son had begun hanging around with some of Trenet’s underlings. The woman was desperate to keep the boy out of Trenet’s clutches, but couldn’t risk offending her most powerful customer. She had initially told Sherlock of the unregistered containers arriving on small cargo ships late at night, and which men usually went to meet the crew. That had been useful, if rather dull information.
“Oh… we’re getting into winter. You’re in for a treat, old fruit!” Violet said, flicking a few pages ahead. “Party season!”
“I was being an idiot. Nothing new there.” John said, after a brief internal struggle. “He seemed to think that you and I had some kind of sophisticated arrangement where you were alright with me having an affair with Violet.”
“Is there a point to all this, George?” John asked coldly. George licked his upper lip again convulsively .
Sherlock frowns. “Well obviously I’d like to, but medical science is unlikely to reach that point any time soon.”
He wondered once again at their friendship. Sherlock hadn’t seen her since he was nineteen and she was twenty-one. From what John could determine, they had barely been in touch at all during that time. And yet the feeling between them was so obviously comfortable, their constant insults and teasing was like that of close family (or old lovers. Or best friends.) He still hadn’t managed to ask about it, wasn’t quite sure how to ask.
“Well, I was warming up to shooting her in the knee.” Violet explained, reluctantly letting go of Mary’s hair and watching her sag slightly. John risked a look at Mary’s face, which was taut and blank. She hadn’t uttered a sound after the initial cry she had given when Violet seized her hair; but he could tell that keeping silent had cost her a considerable effort.
John didn’t reply. He stared out into the shadowy depths of the valley and straightened up, checking the straps on his backpack. “We’ve got to keep looking.”
“Forget I told you the last bit.” Violet said, with a dismissive wave of her hand. “What I mean is, when you’re a bit of an odd fish it can be a bit tricky to find a similarly odd fish who doesn’t want to change you. An odd fish that thinks you’re the bees knees, in fact; if you feel like mixing your wildlife metaphors. And while I could care less whether Mycroft is happy or not, I got the distinct impression that Mycroft made Patrick happy.”
“John-“ Sherlock whispered, his face tense. He kept running his eyes up and down John’s body, anywhere but his face.
“What’s going on?” she asked interestedly, hoisting her feet onto the edge of her chair and hugging her bony knees. “Who’ve you got locked up?”
“I mean that your ex-wife appears, and all she needs to do is mention the name of your imaginary child and you immediately come running!” Sherlock snapped. “You know, John, I usually do credit you with a considerable amount of intelligence but at times your
[Whiff of cologne. CK1. [Absurdly dated] the bottle was nearly empty. Denim jeans, newly washed. Industrial detergent. Tuna and sweetcorn sandwich [vile]. Traces of river mud.
And of course, he’d start off thinking that he could have both. That he could keep Sherlock, albeit in a reduced capacity. They’d still see each other, be with each other on weekends. The thin end of the wedge.
“That snow’s melting; we’ll need to get some more in a bit.” she pointed out, pouring a couple of fingers of the peaty whisky into a glass for herself and sitting back down.
“Shut up, you asked. Dark roasted coffee, when you open a fresh bag of it for the first time. It’s never the same, even a few hours later.”
John. You still have a tendency to surprise me now and again. I know you don’t like the topiary, which is irrational. It’s not an aesthetic objection, you felt psychologically threatened when you walked through the garden yesterday.” he glanced up, and half smiled at John as the door clicked and swung open. “I’m almost sure that it’s based on some past experience. Something that happened to you a long time ago.”
After a late breakfast with Patrick and Violet in the kitchen, Sherlock and John set out for the village with the intention of calling on the Reverend Duncan. Hilderbogie was only around a mile away from the large house, but it was hidden in the next small glen, clustered around a bend of the deep rushing river. The snow scrunched pleasantly underfoot, and John felt a reawakened childish delight in being the first to mar the expanse of snow that covered the path towards the village. It meandered past the front lawns and skirted the stables and crumbling estate chapel before cutting through the woods near the riverbank. It was bitingly cold, but the misty air was still and tranquil; only the sound of their feet on the virgin snow and the sound from the river broke the silence. Flocks of crows and an occasional bird of prey swirled dizzily overhead.
John barked out a laugh which came out as an odd sound somewhere between a cough and a sob. “You won’t
There was no sign of her wandering or pacing at the edge of the woods. She had remained where he left her, then turned and walked away. He gave a humourless, thin smile and sped up; his feet slipping slightly in his too-large boots.
“Are we all ready, you shower of gits?” Violet called cheerfully from the landing above. “We don’t want to be late! Mr Brodie’s going to drive us all over to the hall; he’ll be on his way.”
“I spend so much time wondering what it’s like inside your head, you know.” John remarked conversationally, gazing out over the river and darkening skyline. “I mean, I suppose nobody can ever understand what it’s like inside somebody else’s mind. The way their thoughts fit together. But you… I worry, a bit. I like to think that I understand a lot about you, but sometimes I reckon there’s whole
Late morning, on an April day of torrential rain. All members of the household were indoors, occupied with reading or paperwork or crossword puzzles. The workers on the estate sat around in the shelter of the stables or the barns, staring gloomily out at the rain as they drank cooling tea from enamelled mugs and huddled from the damp chill.
“On Tuesday evening, Mr. Holmes. I wasn’t there for the drama with Hilary in the studio or his departure. Garcia and I sat for a while in the studio and smoked. We chatted a bit. Eventually I left him, around half eleven, I should think.”
PC Dalziell looked down at the bottles in his hands, their chilly outsides beaded with condensation. The milk inside was so white it almost looked as if it was glowing in the dim light of the shop. “I’m quite sure that it was an isolated incident.” he said quietly. “The Aberdeen constabulary are in charge of the investigation; and I’m quite sure that they’ll get to the bottom of the matter. I’m afraid I’d better be off; Kathy said she’d be popping round for tea before long.”
Hilary seemed incapable of movement or speech. Phyllis nodded at her, squeezed her shoulders again, and walked briskly away towards the common room. As she passed John, she shot him a small secret grin; evidently taking note of his staggered expression.
man, really.” Sherlock said quietly. “And I was rude to him. I ignored him. I laughed at him, thinking him such an idiot for choosing to stay here rather than focussing on his own interests. Marrying to keep my grandmother happy.”
Mycroft continued his conversation with the unfortunate Menzies, but his expression darkened fractionally as he glanced at the whispered exchange between Violet and Patrick.
“Dull.” Sherlock said sniffily, standing up and proceeding to strip off his dressing gown and pajama bottoms.
It was clear which door to try first, as he reached the third floor. A pair of tall panelled double doors stood ajar, and as he took a step closer John thought that he could hear quiet music coming from inside.
“We know, pet.” her father replied, and sighed. “But I suppose that’s it, isn’t it? This will be enough for them to arrest me now.”
“John! Come on!” Sherlock whispered urgently, holding out his arm. John picked up his pace, aware of movement and huge pale shapes appearing from the fog-shrouded water. “Hurry!”
Sherlock appeared to be grinding his teeth. He marched into the ward without another word, leaving John desperately trying to suppress a grin.
Sherlock hauled himself upright with the aid of a nearby tree-branch. This caused a minor avalanche to drop from the higher branches; quite a lot of which hit him on the shoulder and head. The look of utter outrage that he directed at the blameless pine was enough to tip John over the edge, too. He and Murdy stopped and dissolved into an acute and prolonged fit of the giggles.
. Sherlock grinned down at him, triumphant, and kissed him deeply. John could taste and feel the slick, slightly metallic remains of his come on Sherlock’s tongue, and he surprised himself by lapping greedily into Sherlock’s hot mouth. Sharing the taste, the evidence of his desire.
Half an hour later, Sherlock and John descended the staircase into the main hallway, having eventually (and extremely reluctantly, in Sherlock’s case) hauled themselves out of the bath. Sherlock had been quiet as he dressed in front of the huge mirror set into the wardrobe door, but he seemed more thoughtful than troubled. John had covertly watched him as he tied his shoelaces, waiting for some sign of inner turmoil. It didn’t appear.
She crossed to the desk under the window on slightly unsteady feet, and pulled out a large leather-bound portfolio from underneath the stained ink-blotter. Untying the cords, she extracted a plain brown envelope; around A4 in size. She gave the elder Holmes her most charming smile and handed it to him. Mycroft took it between thumb and forefinger, looking deeply suspicious.
John was aching by the end of that sentence. He couldn’t stop the involuntary buck of his hips as he stroked himself, gripping Sherlock’s thigh and cursing quietly; the water slapped the side of the bath loudly. He was torn between watching the action of Sherlock’s wrist under the water and the hazy feverish look in his eyes.
She didn’t catch his gaze. When she replied, her tone was impersonal. “Which is already faster than is advisable, Doctor Watson. There’s packed snow and ice under us; even with the chains we can’t risk it.”
“-You will no doubt be aware of the circumstances surrounding Mrs. Duncan’s re-admittance to hospital. The box was clearly designed to lure her into the water, but in the end it was not necessary. Just out of curiosity, when your
“When did you learn about that?” Sherlock asked, faintly curious. “Was it in one of the manuscripts here?”
John, who had never seen Sherlock holding a pint in his life, grinned a bit at this. “What can you see? What’s he doing?”
John inched closer to Sherlock, who was reaching towards his plate of cold food. He picked up a chunk of deep yellow squash and swirled it around in a pool of gravy, before popping it in his mouth with relish. He licked his fingers and reached for the bread.
“Are you alright, John? Sherlock didn’t go into details, but I gathered that Freddie... that it wasn’t...” she closed her eyes and swallowed hard. “It wasn’t good.”
John bent down to peer more closely at the photograph. Sandra was lying on the bench, loosely framed by folds of vivid blue cloth. Her skin was pale, and stood out starkly against the drape. The blood from the wound in her back had smeared somehow up under her left arm, and there were more traces around her small mouth. Her hair was long, dark blonde and wavy, but her eyebrows were dark and dramatically arched. It splayed around her head and slightly across her pretty oval face. It was an unusually disturbing picture, for some reason. Her body was twisted at the waist, with her long slim legs angled to one side and the expression on her face was troubled. John tried to determine what it was about the photographs that made him so uneasy; he had, after all, seen far worse violent scenes. This was positively tame in comparison to some of the deaths he had seen in Afghanistan or on cases in London.
Sherlock cautiously prodded the parcel with his outstretched finger. It slipped innocuously along the stair where it sat. He pushed it back along to the other side again, with a little more confidence.
“She’s extremely intelligent, John!” Sherlock protested. “I can hardly help it if she retains a large amount of the information she overhears.”
Sherlock nodded. “And her dislike of scarves. Everyone needs a scarf around here in winter; it’s far too cold to go without. The action of winding a scarf around one’s neck leaves a distinct pile in the guard fibres, which that coat does not have. It’s got all the usual signs under the arms and on the elbows, but not around the neck.”
“People do tend to surprise one now and then. It’s usually the only thing that makes them even slightly bearable.” Sherlock countered, buttoning up his coat and adjusting his scarf before turning for the door. “I think we’ll go and ask Mr. Mackie a few questions next. Good afternoon, Mr. Antonelli.”
“Oh, god. Violet, did you really have to say that?!” John groaned. She smiled at him brightly over her crystal brandy glass and raised it to him in a cheeky toast.
Sherlock nodded, and swallowed convulsively. “Yes, of course. He- he didn’t do much. He didn’t have the chance. Trenet told him he’d let him, later on.” he inhaled deeply, not meeting John’s eyes.
“Oh, er…” Mr Antonelli seemed to struggle internally for a moment, and then sighed. “Look, I try to get along with everyone, right? You have to, in my line of work. But I don’t have much time for the PC.”
John caught sight of MacAllan peering at them through the kitchen door curiously, and he gave the young man what he hoped was a cheerful and above all innocent smile. He distantly heard Violet trill “Oh, never mind them. Quite the little love-birds, sometimes I honestly don’t know
“It’s good to see you, Mr. Holmes.” Mr. Antonelli said, gesturing towards the seat next to his bed. “I can’t tell you how glad I am that Miss Vernet asked you to come and help.”
She led the way towards the taxi rank, still holding Sherlock’s unresisting hand. They certainly made a striking pair, and more than one person on the platform did a double take. John wondered if dramatic coats were a Holmes family trait that Violet had adopted when she had married Sherrinford, before he picked up his bag and followed them through the crowds.
He pulled her hand to his mouth and kissed her palm quickly. She smiled wickedly. “Don’t tell him I kissed you. Can you imagine the sulks if he heard I molested his blogger?”
Before John could ask the meaning of this last statement, Sherlock had kissed his forehead swiftly and strode away down the hallway, for all the world looking like a man about to fight a dragon.
John glanced over his shoulder at Murdy, as casually as he could manage. The girl looked tired and her dark shaggy hair stuck out on one side, but she seemed more pensive than upset. She looked up abruptly, clearly sensing the weight of his gaze.
John reached up and ran his hand around the back of Sherlock’s neck, inside the collar of his coat. His skin was cool under John’s fingers, and he pulled him down until their foreheads were pressed together. Sherlock didn’t resist, but his expression didn’t lighten.
“Well, there’s not many places to buy alcohol round here.” Mr. Jameson replied, his eyes narrowed. His fingers had found a discarded cardboard beer-mat, and he was restlessly shredding it in his lap. Out of the corner of his eye, John watched his blunt fingers working absently under the table, small shreds of paper floating to the grubby stone floor.
He remembered compulsively visiting that stretch of pavement outside Barts for weeks after Sherlock had fallen. He looked at the broken paving stone, imagined that there were still traces of blood in the cracks. He had felt nauseous and beyond wretched, plagued with recriminations, with wild ideas of what he could have done to change what had happened that day. He had had to stop himself going back there eventually; it had been the only way he could continue to function in any way. Even now, safe in the knowledge that it had all been false, he still felt sick at the thought.
“Damn it man, hurry!” he heard another voice bark from above; clearly that of Major Braithwaite. He sounded impatient and out of breath. “We need it
“Quite.” Sherlock agreed fondly. “With such a large population, the level of persistent criminal activity is quite staggering.”
“Jesus!” John flung the door open and dropped to his knees next to Patrick; hands flying out to the dark patch that was spreading sickeningly along the side of his thin grey sweater. Patrick’s face was contorted with pain, fading to an ashy pallor. John cautiously pulled at the hem of his sweater and then at his shirt, inhaling sharply at the small deep wound beneath his ribs. He clamped one palm down over the welling blood at once, his other hand reaching out blindly to search for something to staunch the flow. “Patrick, mate. Can you talk to me?”
“So, any further thoughts on where they might be?” Anthea asked, conversationally. She wasn’t even looking at Mary, her gaze travelling around the cavernous kitchen with a kind of vague curiosity.
“Get him back, please.” she stepped back after less than a second, and glared furiously up at him. He looked down at her helplessly, unable to marshal his thoughts enough to respond.
. She was tall and willowy, with a sweetly rounded face and delicate arched eyebrows. Her large round eyes were light china blue and her straight hair was pale gold in colour. She was exactly what he pictured when he thought of English rose beauty, very refined, sweet and natural. When she smiled and said hello to both of them, her voice was soft and low with the merest suggestion of a stammer. “Mr. Holmes. Dr. Watson. I’m so terribly pleased to...to meet you. Even under such... terrible circumstances.”
“Another thing you should know about Violet, John, is that she is extremely persuasive when she wants to be. And I very much doubt that
“Murdy!” John called, finally catching up and grabbing her hand before she broke a bone. “You’ve got to calm down a bit!”
“But there does seem to be some trouble in the village.” he added hastily. “We’re taking the sleeper tonight to see if we can help out. And Vi did say that it’s going to be incredibly cold up there.”
He heard Sherlock inhaling deeply, feeling the movement of his chest through his jacket. He couldn’t help but grin a little at the irritation radiating from Sherlock’s voice when he spoke.
“Fuck!” Violet hooted, her face screwed up and she slopped champagne into her lap as she shook with laughter. “Oh god. That explains an
“Yes, from London in fact.” John agreed, and she gave him a small tight smile as he took a seat. “I hope you’re recovering well?”
I’ll do it again. Admittedly I didn’t realise that you’d react quite so… favourably.” Sherlock quirked a smile, turning his head and catching John’s eye.
“You don’t want to be the receiving partner. I know. I figured that out already.” John kissed him again. “Honestly, Sherlock. It’s fine. It’s all fine. I trust you. I’ll give it a go, when the time comes. I can’t guarantee that I’ll like it, but I want to try it with you.”
“I am never fetching the firewood again!” Sherlock declared. He tucked himself against John’s legs and warmed his icy hands on his ankles, causing John to yelp a little. He glared at Violet, who had followed him in and was busily uncorking the next bottle. “John, tell her!”
“You’re concerned for the Antonelli girl.” Sherlock observed, as he and John slowly walked down the icy garden paths some time later. The grounds were utterly still, the fountains silent and solid with packed ice. The snow had subsided for a while, and the sky overhead had cleared to a sharp, bright blue.
“Of course not.” Sherlock said cheerfully. “But I rather think being arrested on suspicion of aiding and abetting kidnapping gangsters and human traffickers would do him a world of good, don’t you?”
“Hey, Mister Holmes!” Rab poked her head through the heavy beaded curtain that led into a back room. “Figured it out yet?”
“Are you staying up?” he asked Sherlock, watching the man shrugging off his coat in the shadowy great hall. Sherlock slung it carelessly at the stuffed bear, and it hung sloppily from the creatures’ outstretched paws.
But without looking up, he knew that the woods were empty. Mary hadn’t followed him; was probably still standing back on the lawn and wondering what to do. Oh, Christ. Christ! What happens now?
“Yes!” John said, at once. “God, Sherlock; please! Please listen to me about this! It’s not essential for me. It’s not something I need to do; it was only one possible future. And Jesus, I worry about Caroline or whatever her name is – a part of me has always needed to know that she’s alright. And if she isn’t, I want to help her if I can. But I don’t need to be her dad. It’s the same with Murdy, she’s a wonderful kid but she’s not mine and I don’t want her to be mine. I want her to be safe and happy and understood, I want her to have a great life! And… to be honest that’s mainly because I think a lot about you, about the kind of child you probably were. I wish I could travel back in time. I wish I could have grown up in the house next door to you, so I could make sure you were never misunderstood or lonely.”
“Well, Katy doesn’t seem to have much faith in anyone. And I’m quite sure that if she put her mind to it, she’d be more than capable of posting us a bomb.” John grinned, leaning forward and studying the contents of the parcel. “You’re in a whole world of trouble if you’ve eaten the entire cake, mind.”
“Jawbone walk.” Sherlock explained tersely, keeping his eyes fixed on Patrick. “For some reason the Victorians thought a set of whale’s jaws made for a charming architectural feature.” He flashed another brief grin at John and sped up. “Quite right, too.”
She returned moments later with what looked like a large green camera case slung over her shoulder, her fingers busily undoing the clasps. “I took the liberty of commandeering this from one of the helicopters earlier. I do hope they don’t mind.”
“You got me a present?” John asked; feeling suddenly, ridiculously touched. “I’m sorry I haven’t got one for you, though. Not yet. The Brighton thing sort of snowballed before I got the chance to-“
John resisted the urge to ask him if he were sure. He continued to idly stroke Sherlock’s scalp, feeling the familiar planes of his skull under the warm skin and dark hair. In the distance, the sound of a tractor began to echo through the glen as it rolled down the road behind them.
“Do you have a warrant?” Murdy asked suddenly, from behind John. She dug the toe of her boot mulishly into the snow. Everyone turned to look at her, but she didn’t raise her eyes from the snow. “I mean, they need a warrant don’t they? It’s in Miss Vernet’s house.”
“When she showed up here.” Sherlock’s fingers found the hem of John’s tee shirt, fiddling with a loose thread he found there. “When we fought and you left.”
“-well, actually it wasn’t the taxi driver’s phone, it belonged to the victim.” he broke in gently, when Basil evidently misremembered a detail.
too much about me. And you know that I will always have your brother’s best interests at heart. You know that, yes?”
“My grandmother objected to the neckline of that dress, probably thought it was a bit common to show your cleavage in the church. You altered it to keep her quiet, then readjusted it this morning when it was too late for her to intervene.” As he rattled this out, Violet idly wondered if this was merely an excuse for a teenage boy to stare unabashedly at her assets; then decided that it probably wasn’t. “You didn’t really care that much about the dress; but you do like scoring points against your mother in law.”
But it was all academic, really. John might be willing to admit (most likely after a couple of drinks) that he wouldn’t be averse to sharing a bed with Sherlock in more ways than one. But John didn’t have the slightest idea of whether Sherlock would like to do anything more than sleep next to him. It was obvious that he liked John’s company, liked sharing his space. It had moved John, the way that Sherlock had hesitantly admitted to liking touching him as he slept.
They had just passed into the grounds of Hilderbogie estate. As the group crossed the snowy lawn they disturbed a murder of crows that rose into the air like a cloud, croaking and cawing disdainfully. Mr. Brodie raised his hand in salute and gave them his customary grin, which crinkled the corners of his dark eyes genially. Patrick finished carefully coiling the rope around the peg underneath the life belt and dusted off his calfskin gloves.
John’s eyes were still shut as Sherlock swallowed hard several times, trying his best to stay still. The back of his neck was prickling with sweat, his mind was frenetic as he made sure he had heard John’s words correctly; that he hadn’t misunderstood him yet again. He needed to record those words; he needed to be able to re-examine the way John had arranged those halting sentences. John’s hands were so warm and heavy on Sherlock’s body, he could almost feel them sinking into his frame. Sherlock cleared his throat eventually, knowing that some kind of response was necessary. He needed clarification; he needed to know
“Indeed, John.” Sherlock said. He seemed a little hoarse, but when John looked into his face his eyes were dry once more. He turned back to the bloodied silk and took out his magnifying glass again.
“I think so. She also changed the sheets and took away our pajamas to wash.” John said ruefully, glancing at Sherlock with a faint grin. Sherlock’s expression was incredulous and (thank god) slightly amused. “When I saw her earlier, she said she’d put them on a
John felt the familiar combination of frustration and amazement, and was on the verge of demanding more of an explanation when Sherlock stopped dead. He was staring at the remains of Rosie’s dinner that still lay on the kitchen table.
“Well, yes. I mean, don’t get me wrong, she seems like a marvellous woman. But not quite...” John grimaced. “She’s not very... um...tweedy.”
“You mean you had to psych yourself up just to kiss me?” John asked, numbly.  “Oh god, you only did it because you knew I wanted it. Oh
John and Greg stared at her. She raised a single finger in an unmistakeable ‘wait!’ gesture, and took another, rather more restrained swig. She sat down heavily in the chair next to John, slamming the vodka down on the table. She pressed a hand briefly across her face, and to his instant alarm he noticed it was shaking.
gesture, Sherlock. I’m not going to apologise for it; but if it makes you feel any better I promise it won’t happen again.”
Spires of smoke from tall stone chimneys moved vertically through the still air, visible before they could see the houses of the village. Rounding the final bend in the path and emerging from the stark leafless woods they found themselves on the edge of the village green. The wide expanse was dotted with snowmen and the unmistakeable signs of their recent construction; long stripes of frozen grass were visible here and there where children had undoubtedly been rolling snow. On closer inspection some of the snowmen were rather gruesome, their spindly twig arms appearing to push the head off one of their fellows. Another two seemed to be fighting each other, one brandishing an old fashioned broom and another gouging out a coal eyeball with its sapling fingers.
“You always forget gloves.” Sherlock said disapprovingly, pulling down the window of the door and turning the outside handle beneath. “Although, frostbite is a fascinating injury. I’ve always wanted to study it on a living specimen.”
At dinner that night they sat opposite each other and baffled the rest of the family with their spirited discussions about The Cure, Bram Stoker, platonic idealism and phrenology. It was as if Violet and Sherlock were sitting at an entirely separate dinner table, in an empty dining room. Mrs Holmes watched them with the beginnings of misgivings as they leaned towards each other across the table, faces alight and arms occasionally waving in extravagant gestures. They laughed loudly. They seemed to know much more about each others’ opinions and lives than one brief prior meeting would elicit.
A couple of large black crows came to settle on a nearby boulder, regarding Sherlock with sharp curious eyes as they turned their heads this way and that. They ruffled up their feathers against the gently falling snow, in no hurry to leave. He glared at them before beginning to push at Trenet’s body, trying to find purchase with his left feet and pushing away from whatever toehold he could find.
She gave them a rakish grin, which faltered slightly when she heard the news. “Thank Christ. When can we see him?”
Deciding that the best course of action was hot water and a book, he took a volume at random from the shelf under the window and went to run a bath in the adjoining cavernous Victorian bathroom. The room was chilly and the elderly wooden window frames rattled steadily from the gentle wind outside.
Sherlock glared into the depths of the fire. “Not because that git told me to, don’t be moronic. But he’s going to hang around like a persistent stench of sulphur and self-righteousness until I do. And Violet won’t be happy until he’s gone. You saw what happened – I can’t stand watching the life being sucked out of her like that. It’s… it’s
Murdy’s spine straightened, and she stared around the group, taking in their tense faces and the way Anthea had hastily begun to consult a new alert on her blackberry. “Where. Is. He?”
“We’ll be there!” Violet said firmly, and rather loudly. Mr. Brodie nodded as he stepped back into his boots, looking pleased.
Sherlock studied him, his heart thudding and uneven. This was new; John Watson didn’t say this kind of thing to him. Nobody said this sort of thing to him. He wasn’t quite sure what sort of thing one should say in response. He wasn’t sure that he liked hearing it, although some small part of him was flickering at the rare affirmation suggested by John’s words. He knew that John quite liked him, wanted to keep living with him. The fact that they had continued to cohabit mostly (well, approximately sixty-two percent of the time, anyway) peacefully and companionably for the best part of a year now must mean something like that.
Small flecks of spit flew from the corner of her mouth as she became more and more incensed, and rather than being merely shocked and bemused John began to feel seriously uneasy in her presence.
“You’re right.” John agreed quickly. “And as we said before Mr Antonelli, we’re so incredibly sorry. It was entirely our fault. It was a pretty desperate situation and we were in a terrible rush. There’s no way we would have managed to find Sherlock without their help.”
He dodged around low hanging branches and tripped over weed chokeed roots, slipping in the slushy mud more than once. The sound of his own breathing and the hammering of his heart made it difficult for him to be sure whether he could hear any of the three swimmers moving through the water; although at one point he was almost sure he heard Murdy’s voice desperately rasp “Stop! Don’t- don’t
Benjy seemed to glower at John, appearing to blame him for upsetting his owner. The claws dug just a little deeper. “You seem very reluctant to suspect Freddie Garcia, Violet.”
John opened his mouth, and then shut it again. Sherlock kept staring at him, his brow furrowed. In the dimming afternoon light he looked hawkish and beyond frustrated; his cheeks were pale and his hair blew messily across his face.
“Poisoning, wouldn’t you say?” Sherlock said thoughtfully. He had uncovered his mouth and nose, and was looking into Garcia’s face with something akin to fascination. John nodded, unwilling to lower the scarf just yet.
Unlike Sherlock, John wasn’t feeling particularly hungover, but he certainly wasn’t going to pass up an offer of a bacon sandwich. As Violet cut some more bread from a large loaf at one end of the table, he fetched the two large books and placed them in front of Sherlock and Murdy.
“Not quite so sensitive, I grant you… but usually by the time I get here Sherlock, you’re- oh yes, hard as a
“Well he certainly can’t have been spending much time in my brother’s company of late, then.” Sherlock said scathingly. “The sheer quantity of lard and cake in his fridge is frankly terrifying.”
He kissed Sherlock’s head, burrowing his face a little into the messy dark curls. Sherlock’s breathing was becoming a little more regular, the movement of his chest gradually slowing to match that of John’s where they were pressed together.
“Murdy. Are you alright?” John asked quietly. She glared at him as he took a small step towards her, and he instinctively shied away; his hands held up placatingly.
Katy smiled a little grimly. “You mean so many suspects, I expect.” she sighed a little. “I don’t doubt that you and Mr. Holmes are trying your best. In truth, I’m mainly concerned about getting the students out of here – Inspector Menzies still won’t clear them all to leave. What that man is doing, I have no idea. He’s about as much use as a chocolate kettle.”
Upstairs in the green bedroom, they found two pairs of very clean pajamas folded neatly at the foot of their bed. Sherlock picked them up at once and pitched them across the room before going to brush his teeth with indecent haste. John grinned and followed him, laughing aloud when Sherlock handed him his toothbrush, already dampened and coated with toothpaste.
“Would you like to know where we found Mr. Garcia’s remains, Miss Jessop?” Sherlock asked. He was lounging back in his chair, with his arms folded. He was watching her in a thoughtful kind of way, tapping one long index finger against his upper arm.
It was only a short drive from Hilderbogie house to the church hall, which was now brightly lit and crowded with guests. Warm beams of light streamed through the tall narrow windows, illuminating long rectangular patches of deep snow and the silhouettes of aged tombstones in the churchyard. Small candle-lanterns were hanging from the branches of the nearby holly trees, and lined the salt-strewn path that led to the arched doorway. Mr. Mackie was standing near the door, collecting tickets from guests and slinging coats haphazardly into a small cloakroom. He perked up when he saw their group approach, his worn face creasing genially.
Sherlock let himself be guided shakily onto the back of one, behind one of the officers. As it pulled slowly away, he gave John a small smile and a weary salute; but there was still a trace of anxiety in his white face. It was a small comfort that he was barely out of John’s sight, as he rode close by on the back of the other vehicle.
After she had left, Sherlock said nothing. He sat with an oddly perplexed expression, which worried John slightly.
“Fucking... swans?!” John gasped, once it seemed safe to slow down. “I was expecting, I dunno, wolves or an axe murderer or something!”
The snow continued to fall outside, silently and heavier every minute. It coated the motionless blades of the helicopters that stood on the drive, covering them with a thickening layer of white.
[Could do without the audience, this is undignified enough. I know their game. Just waiting till I give up and then it’s eyeball tartare for lunch. God the countryside is
John’s voice was sleep-slurred, bracketed by yawns. His arms tightened a little around Sherlock; his fingers squeezing Sherlock’s own against his chest. Quiet movement. Thunderous.
“Oh, not at the moment, Patrick.” Sherlock returned the man’s smile. “Have you been enjoying Edinburgh? Marvellous place, isn’t it.”
“I think she was probably mostly dead on the inside by the time I arrived. She only lasted a few days longer. I don’t blame her; I wouldn’t have had the heart to keep living if I were her. They buried her in an unmarked grave, along with all the other girls who couldn’t face living any more. I’ve been back, you see. It took me years to get up the courage, and when I did; I had no way of knowing which of those dozens of graves was hers.”
Mycroft did not respond to this, but his disbelief was evident from his expression. John sighed, and stretched his legs out onto the edge of the marble hearth.
“Don’t be absurd.” Sherlock muttered, watching the cricketers running across the fields for cover in a distant veranda. The rain began to fall more heavily.
“I hope this experience has made you think twice about teaching, Vi.” Sherlock said darkly. “No matter how diverting it is to have a crime scene conveniently close to home.”
“I’m sorry.” Sherlock breathed into his skin. John swallowed hard and shook his head. He held on to the man in his arms tightly.
He bestowed one last knowing smile on Mycroft, before turning and picking up his cases. He walked out of the open front door without a backward glance, his long dark hair and elegant coat streaming behind him in the breeze.
“Oh, shut up. I’ll probably manage to stop cringing about it in around a year.” John muttered, and sighed. “Should I start packing? I know you really don’t want to leave. Damn it, I don’t want to leave. But should I?”
“Rab! Pruny! Come on, I’m supposed to be having a serious chat with Mr. Holmes and Doctor Watson here. Less of your nonsense.”
She swiftly poured some coffee from the pot on the stove into a bowl, hastily added some milk, and swept from the kitchen without looking at either of them. John frowned and sat down opposite Menzies, who seemed oblivious to Violet’s reaction.
, not like that! It’ll fracture! Gently, see? We’re aiming to lessen the temperature shock. Now, once it’s in the water the ovotransferrins begin to bond with each other, creating a matrix. Ten seconds, and take it out again. Exactly ten! And…..lift!”
Violet taught Sherlock many things during his various sojourns at Hilderbogie, although perhaps he did not appreciate all of them as much as he could.
“I say, Doctor Watson… you still don’t think you’ll need to say anything to Hilary about… um. Anything? To do with poor Sandra, I mean?” he asked, in a quietly pleading manner.
“So. Um. Working on anything in particular?” he asked, in a brave attempt at nonchalance. He glanced curiously over at the sketchpad she had dropped on the end of the table.
“Phyllis! What’s the matter?” he asked, beginning to make his way down the overgrown path towards her.
Sherlock cast his eyes at the ceiling and sighed impatiently. “For pity’s sake, focus! Let’s get back to the point, shall we? You had dinner with the students. Sandra came back later. What did you do afterwards?”
He didn’t speak, but his chest was heaving; his cock darkly swollen and thick against his stomach. John swallowed hard and emptied a generous handful of the slick fluid into his palm before reaching out to take Sherlock’s length in his hand without waiting to let it warm. Sherlock closed his eyes tightly and writhed at his touch; his breath hissed from between his teeth but he moved instinctively closer to John, his hand dipping down to swipe some of the trickling lube from between his fingers. John gasped at the first touch of Sherlock’s long fingers against his arse, his cock sliding slick against Sherlock’s as the tip of one nudged slowly at his entrance.
John’s face was aching slightly from the grin he was wearing as he and Sherlock made their way down the stone staircase into the great hall. He couldn’t help it. He kept stealing sidelong glances at the man as they walked down the stairs. Sherlock was staring ahead, his expression carefully bored. John couldn’t help but notice the way the man was moved was slightly different from usual; the heavy wool swung gently as he walked, undulating with every slight movement of his hips. He wasn’t exactly
“What’s the latest news on poor Mrs. Duncan, anyway?” Violet asked, solicitously pouring him another cup of tea.
As she talked, the pad of her right thumb travelled the length of Mary’s neck in a precise, impersonal way. It was rather like the touch of a physician right up until the moment her hand travelled in a smooth curve around to the dip of her shoulder blade and suddenly pressed hard.  Mary drew breath loudly, her posture rigid. She bowed her head abruptly until her chin was pressed to her chest; her knees trembling convulsively. John shut his eyes and gripped the edge of the table, forcing himself to ignore the harsh rasp of Mary’s pained breaths.
Before John could give Sherlock a warning kick under the table, Violet laughed suddenly and threw her napkin at the detective’s face. “You gluttonous twerp! I cannot believe that you just ate
He couldn’t look into Sherlock’s eyes for more than a second or two, his face flushing. Instead he was drawn to that lush lower lip, which Sherlock had started worrying absently between his teeth.
John was going to answer, but was momentarily distracted by the sight of Sherlock sliding into the back seat of the old Jaguar with a brief flash of white knee and thigh through the back slit of the Belstaff. Violet reached out with one gloved finger and touched the corner of his mouth, causing him to startle slightly.
“Yes, I’m afraid so.” Sherlock said a little apologetically, his eyes glinting green in the firelight. He seemed incapable of keeping the corners of his mouth from curling up into a gleeful little grin.
Of course, it was common enough in Scotland to see men in kilts; he had seen several on the streets of Edinburgh back in October and after the first double take it somehow became normal. They were just an alternative to a smart pair of trousers, after all. He knew better than to think of kilts as skirts; whenever he saw men wearing them they seemed to be worn with a defiantly masculine swagger. But Sherlock in a kilt… the thought was just plain bizarre. Or at least it had been, until he saw him in the crowded hall full of dancers. It was a hasty shot, some of the figures blurred in motion. Sherlock was standing to one side, raising a glass to his mouth as he surveyed the room. He was wearing a well-cut dark jacket and waistcoat over a sharply pleated tartan kilt that hung in a frankly
Another child, then. Older. Not completely estranged; he would have cut off that side of the photograph rather than merely folding it behind. An older brother; unwelcome but ties not completely severed. No other suggestions of fraternal ties anywhere else in the dimly lit room; no old greetings cards stuck behind the clock, no other photographs, no clues of gifts from a family member or purloined books on the shelf. Where was this brother? Clearly not in Armenia for a considerable while by the time Sherlock arrived, masquerading as the son of Harman’s rival.
“It was all entirely innocent. I was wearing pants at the time! But the rest of the family were away for the day, and we weren’t expecting anyone. It was a nice summers day, and Violet was sketching me on the back lawn. And of course, bloody Mycroft decided to pay a visit unannounced and he found us drinking absinthe and Violet surrounded by several drawings of my unclothed self. That was the first really major argument that they had. But
“Who’s your pal, Doctor Watson?” a sly, familiar voice asked. John looked around and startled slightly when a small sharp elbow was pressed into his side. He looked down to see Rab Antonelli in a slightly crumpled pink party dress, grinning up at him roguishly. She stood on tiptoe and hissed “He looks like one a those laddies on the front of Pheemy’s romance novels!” in his ear.
Patrick stopped painting abruptly, and sat back in his chair. He stared at his work for a few seconds, before carefully setting down his brush on the ledge of his easel. Violet sauntered over to John and pulled at his arm so that she could peer at his wristwatch. If she noticed the way that the fingers of his right hand were still holding tight to the cuff of Sherlock’s jacket, she chose not to mention it.
Sherlock shook his head, rinsing his cut-throat razor in the basin. “Still some business to take care of first.”
“What’s this?” John asked, perplexed. He sat down on the edge of the unmade bed and ran his fingers across the neatly wrapped rectangular object.
. I confronted him about how he poisoned everyone and asked him why.” Murdy glared at Duncan’s profile and sniffed. “Then the big git had a go at stabbing me with a kitchen knife he’d sneaked into his pocket. Mister Holmes and Doctor Watson here stopped him. I did have it all under control, mind,” she added, evidently wanting to make this point clear.
(The important thing to do right now was to avoid saying things like: ‘Calm down, Sherlock’, or ‘Cheer up, Sherlock’. ‘What are you thinking, Sherlock?’ Christ. Avoid that one at all costs.)
Anthea stared after it thoughtfully, leaning against the bonnet of Mr Brodie’s battered jeep. “Well, that’s unfortunate. I believe Mr. Holmes didn’t actually intend to leave me behind.” she remarked.
“Oh you might as well listen, I’m nearly finished.” Sherlock interrupted blithely. “And finally, there’s the question of the
The pile of luggage near the front door was significantly smaller, now. Hilary had taken hers away, and evidently George’s belongings had been shipped off to his fathers house.
Sherlock pressed his lips together and shook his head vigorously. Violet rolled her eyes and took a sip from the glass of champagne Katy had just passed her.
“Did he perhaps have special prefect’s rights for having unmarried Filipino ladies in his room after prep?”
Sherlock ran his tongue slowly across John’s, in teasing little flicks. His breath was hot and his chest hitched against John’s. His eyes were tightly closed, and he seemed unconscious of the way he was crowding John tightly against the wall; his hips pressing close. It had only been a minute or two since the door had closed behind them, and yet John could feel the hardness of Sherlock’s cock pressing insistently against his stomach. His own erection was straining in his jeans, the tight confines making his sensitive flesh ache pleasurably.
John continued to suck him through it, stroking his prostate as he tasted the bitter, mineral tang of Sherlock’s come filling his mouth. He’d never thought that he’d enjoy this, before he and Sherlock had become involved, but he found himself relishing the flavour of his lover on his tongue, the peculiar metallic, lemon and salt taste of him. He slowly let Sherlock’s softening cock slip from his mouth after a long minute, his fingers still buried inside him. Sherlock was lying back bonelessly on the sofa, his breath hitching and his face flushed, seemingly incapable of movement. After a moment or two, he managed to open his eyes, looking down at John with a kind of hazy adoration.
The blinds in the windows were down, and when John tried the door tentatively it was unlocked. Sherlock’s hand shot out and grabbed the edge of the door swiftly as an awful, overpowering stench roiled out of the narrow gap. John’s stomach heaved. He knew that particular smell all too well.
“Just a moment.” Anthea answered, sweeping to the large old fridge and wrenching the door to the freezer compartment open. She reached inside and rummaged around briefly, before emerging with a large ice-covered clear bottle. With an admirable efficiency, she uncorked it with a loud pop; raised it to her lips and took a large gulp.
“There is a dining room here, but it’s really only any good if you’re going to be entertaining forty of your closest friends,” Violet explained, leading the way into the warm kitchen. A variety of intriguing scents were wafting from the direction of the huge old range, and she grabbed a pair of stained oven gloves from the end of the kitchen table before opening one of the oven doors. “Furthermore, it’s full of terrifying portraits of former inhabitants of the house, and I’m pretty sure that all of them disapprove of me.”
“Montague Street,” Mrs. Hudson sniffed. “It’s been a while since I’ve been in London, but as I recall there was always a terrible smell of drains around there.”
The guinea fowl was delectable, scented with fragrant juniper berries and thinly coated in a lemon sauce. The parsnips were roasted to almost burnt perfection, darkly glazed with maple syrup and pink peppercorns, served alongside melting boulangére potatoes. They were so creamily perfect John was tempted to promise Violet anything in the world that she desired, as long as he was allowed a second helping.
Violet pulled a face. “Christ. I wouldn’t do that to any covers that Freddie Garcia had been sleeping under.”
“Come here. I need a doctor.” Sherlock ordered brusquely, sliding his arm under John’s pillow. John shuffled a little closer, and allowed himself to be prodded and shoved until his head rested comfortably on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock wrapped his arm around him, drawing John’s arm to lie around his chest.
“It’s all negotiable, of course. Entirely dependant on whether you want to try it.” Sherlock said quietly, his eyes closed as he rested his forehead against John’s.
Hilary glanced over at this, a sweet smile on her lovely face as she regarded the full skirt and tight waist of Violet’s dress. “It really is… quite charming. I suppose you… must have worn frocks like that all the time… back in the fifties.”
After a moment, John watched her light another cigarette with slightly shaking fingers. He winced a little, but said nothing.
John hummed in response, working his tongue rapidly along the length of his hard cock; feeling Sherlock pushing down onto his fingers, trying to work them even deeper inside himself. He smelt heady, of musk and sweat and John moaned around him, feeling almost in danger of coming himself at the sensation of Sherlock like this beneath him. With a final, sharp cry Sherlock gave in, letting the wave of his climax break over him.
Patrick’s hand had closed around a heavy silver candlestick on a nearby low table. He darted forwards, swinging it high above his head. His face was almost unrecognisable, furious, eyes narrowed as he threw himself towards the man carrying Sherlock.
Sherlock and Violet stood under a huge Gainsborough near the fireplace and conversed in whispers; pointedly ignoring Mycroft.
“There’s no bloody point talking to you when you’re like this.” John glared at him, squaring his shoulders. “And damn it, I need some air. I’m going to go and get rid of her, and then you and I are going to have a proper talk about this stupid bollocks you’ve dreamt up. I’m coming back in half an hour and you’re going to talk to me about it without bloody shouting or chucking stuff around like a sodding five year old.”
. It doesn’t bloody matter how old I was. I was so arrogant, I believed that if even if I was driving whilst stoned, I was still much more capable than a sober ordinary person. I cleared off down to London as soon as I could. Tried to forget about the whole thing. Tried to delete it. Couldn’t. ” He sighed, and swallowed with difficulty. “Nineteen. I went back to uni, and shortly afterwards discovered more serious recreational substances.”
“But with a few conditions.” Sherlock murmured, knotting his fingers in the sheets. “I’ve come up with a few ideas about how to approach the issue.”
Forcing himself to step closer, he spied the faintest line of light coming from the gap beneath the door. He took one more deep breath, and stupidly found himself wondering if he should knock. His arm was shaking as he lifted it, his gloved hand pushing numbly at the splintering wood. It gave way with a metallic shriek, the single hinge protesting.
“Yes, I suppose so. Most of the time. But I rather think, dear old heap, that what you actually want to ask me is ‘Am I lonely?’” Violet answered evenly, with a hint of a smile.
“Miss Vernet, I won’t keep you – thanks so much for the tea and sympathy. I do appreciate it.” she looked a little awkward, and nodded jerkily at John and Sherlock.
“Here.” Sherlock said brusquely, pushing an innocuous brown paper parcel into his hands. John stared down at it as the detective turned to his sock index, selecting several pairs of ostensibly (but absolutely, definitely
Basil grimaced and nodded, making a visible effort to calm down. He seemed about to turn and leave when he paused and ducked closer to John.
“I mention it only because it demonstrates your rather lazy word association. You said that Garcia was going to London, rather than the London Road. Your adopted surname is just a facile adaption of your real first name.”
“You’ve deleted an awful lot of useless things in your past, haven’t you?” John asked. “Important things, but useless to you. You said yesterday that you couldn’t delete the accident, despite your best efforts. How many times has that happened? Not many, I’ll bet.”
She looked around the grounds with interest, taking in the austere grandeur of the house and estate but she didn’t comment on them. After a minute or two they had descended the stone steps that led to the east lawns, thickly covered in snow. The ornate central fountain was empty, and wreathed in icicles. John gave her a sidelong glance, willing her to get on with it.
“No, he’s too much of a coward,” Sherlock said dismissively. “Whoever did this is ruthless and calculating. They intended Mrs. Duncan to end up in the river, and didn’t care whether it killed her or not. Their intention, it would seem, is to incriminate at least one member of your family.”
“John! I’ve been trying to get hold of you for an hour, where the hell are you?” Lestrade sounded both relieved and a bit annoyed. “I’ve been ringing round half of London!”
“I knew that she would react like that. I knew… that she’d be disgusted at me. At us. And I said it anyway, to score a point.”
“She wasn’t the worst au pair we had. She didn’t mind my experiments, as long as I kept them in my bedroom. We came to a reasonably amicable agreement to leave each other alone as long as I ate at least two meals a day and was home by midnight during the week. Mycroft was in his final year of school, but he came home for weekends and holidays most of the time, mainly so that he could check up on me and boss me around.
Pruny collapsed into a kitchen chair, overcome with disappointment. “I cannae believe we missed an actual kidnapping and rescue mission!”
He turned and strolled away, fighting the urge to giggle. Mycroft’s face had gone blank, but what looked suspiciously like a blush had begun to rise in his cheeks. Patrick, in his quiet way, seemed to be enjoying himself immensely.
[Oh, yes. I’ll just pop along to the nearest camping equipment shop, shall I? I think there’s a Costa next door, too. Shall I fetch you one of those ghastly flavoured coffees that you pretend not to like?]
Before he was quite ready to get moving, however, he heard the sound of birds being disturbed and the rustling of fir branches. A low whinnying sound followed, followed by a couple of loud snorts. Peering around the edge of the trunk as he wiped his damp upper lip, John stared through the dark outlines of the trees. From around a thicket of firs and bilberry bushes, a familiar mottled piebald appeared, carefully led by Griz Antonelli who was picking her way along the path. She was thickly muffled from the cold, her heavy hooded parka covering her upper body and most of her head. Three recently dead rabbits dangled from the hand that wasn’t holding the horses rein. John didn’t think that he could face seeing or talking to anyone just yet, but it was too late to hide around a tree. Griz pushed back her hood a little, revealing her close-cropped dark hair and furrowed eyebrows.
“Was Mary with them?” John asked helplessly. “She’s behind this. Christ I’m such an idiot! What the hell was I thinking, going out into the grounds with her?”
Violet squeezed him playfully around the middle before letting go, grinning malevolently at Sherlock as he snatched the tea-towel she held in her outstretched hand. With a very bad grace he began to dry the wet plates that John passed him, noisily piling them up next to the sink.
Sherlock gave a small, helpless half-laugh. “Oh, John. Oh god… I want you to but I think… I’d come on the spot.”
what a stupid, dangerous thing he was proposing. And Sherlock didn’t argue or interrupt him, he just lay there and listened as John blushed and occasionally stammered.
“Where are they taking him?” John asked bluntly, pulling out a chair on the other side of the table and taking a seat.
“It’s not just me who needs a rest! So do you!” Sherlock retorted crossly. John was so pleased to hear the familiar note of impatience he only grinned in response, and reached out to squeeze his shoulder.
“You may, if you like.” she said coolly. “It would be traditional. But you, boyo, do not strike me as the traditional type.”
“I didn’t dare say anything else to him after that. I sat there in the passenger seat, holding my pillowcase on my knees and staring at the road ahead, rushing towards me. I wanted to ask him questions, so badly. I wanted to know whose idea it was to take me away from the nuns. I wanted to know where we were going. I was too scared, though. I’d never been alone in the company of a man. I was so afraid that he was going to do something terrible to me. Some of the girls in the convent; they were there because of what their fathers had done to them. Others had been thrown out of their homes by their fathers when they became pregnant. I knew that just because this man had come to fetch me, it didn’t mean that he was going to be nice. I mean, I knew from books and the radio that fathers could be lovely, but I had no experience to back that up. So I sat there, so tense that my muscles ached. I kept wondering if I should jump out of the car and run, if I somehow got the chance.
skewed. No, wait, make me some tea first – that might help.” He looked up at John, saw John’s (presumably haggard) face and suddenly seemed uncertain. “Sorry. I’ll sort out the tea.”
“It would still require a certain amount of distraction.” Sherlock said, in between large mouthfuls of his second helping of pasta. “Accessing the tonic would be simple enough; but the act of injecting the bottles would take considerably longer. It had to be done with precision and care, next to the rim of the bottle where the puncture mark would be destroyed when the seal was broken. To do that to four bottles? At least forty-five seconds, but probably longer.”
“Fine. Fine! Just don’t go overboard and start arranging apprenticeships for the twins with South American drug cartels as a treat, okay?”
“It’s a bit suspicious, isn’t it? Patrick going out that evening, alone.” John mused. “Surely he could have nipped round the back of the house and positioned the knife.”
It took several seconds before John became aware of the fact that he was standing, open mouthed with his glass suspended in mid-air.
“Christ.” Violet muttered. She sank forward until her face was pressed into her damp tweed-covered knees. She hissed quietly and with utmost venom: “I’d kill them. I’d kill them all if they weren’t already dead.”
He scanned the humid leafy room, and spotted Patrick Singh sitting alone on a bench under a large potted palm tree. Singh was reading his kindle in an absorbed fashion and didn’t seem to notice John approaching until he was only a few feet away. He glanced up abruptly at John, and turned the device off hurriedly.
Violet sipped demurely at her coffee, and winked at John with her sleepy brown eye. Sherlock came to sit next to John, closely studying the drawing that lay in his lap.
“Hmm.” Violet stared at him with narrowed eyes. “And yet, as I recall, I was the one who taught you how to figure out tan-lines. The way to tell the difference between six types of bank employees. Grades of fabric; types of paper; ceramics; quite a lot of sleight of hand; identifying provincial dialects in at least five languages and let’s not forget about how to play the bassoon. Need I continue?”
“I suppose so. You could say that my family has always been cursed with rather too much curiosity. My great-grandparents spent decades travelling the continents and collecting. And shooting things, of course. Mycroft and I used to refer to their travels as
“I wonder why Mycroft didn’t want to come in here with Patrick?” he mused, taking a seat next to Sherlock on the cushioned bench next to the pond.
“Mr. Antonelli, do you remember anything untoward about Mrs. Gordon’s visit to your shop before Christmas?” Sherlock asked, clearly deciding that enough time had been wasted on pleasantries.
There’s no sign of the Reverend, and there’s rumours flying around that PC Dalziell was spotted marching him into the police station earlier. That cannae be right, can it?”
John couldn’t help laughing. “Oh god, this is the most convoluted discussion about exclusivity I have ever had. I am literally about to die from embarrassment, Sherlock.”
“Sandra had found Hilary and Freddie in the studio.” Violet said, with an air of dawning realisation. “When I went in, she was screaming the place down. At
“Really?” Sherlock murmured, and bit sharply on John’s collarbone before swiping his tongue gently over the reddened flesh, grinning wolfishly as John’s breath stuttered at the sensation. “I hadn’t noticed.”
. I propose at that point we head in opposite directions for a spell, and reconvene at the same point. It would make sense to cover the banks of the river in both directions, just in case he reached it and was unable to continue.”
“They should be, more or less. I’ve hung them up next to the stove – why don’t you pop down to the kitchen and get dressed before we have some dinner?” she peered a little more closely at Murdy’s hair and seemed to be having trouble repressing a grin. “There’s a hairbrush in the bathroom next door, if you want one?”
“I don’t know how you do it, but you manage to cheer me up so easily.” John blurted out without thinking, wiping his streaming eyes. Violet raised an eyebrow, leaning back against the trunk of the nearby palm. He blushed and shook his head awkwardly, idly turning a page of her discarded magazine. “I mean. Well. You do.”
[One minute, five seconds. Might be time to consider amputation if I had a little longer. Sawing one’s own foot off probably requires more equipment than a pair of blood-soaked pajamas and a snapped-off wing mirror. If John were here, I wonder if he’d do it for me? Probably take a bit of persuasion. Rather lose a foot than a hand. Or would I? Could walk on a prosthetic foot, but couldn’t play the violin with sufficient accuracy with a replacement hand. Couldn’t run so fast (probably a maximum of 12.7 miles per hour, but could still…]
Murdy sighed theatrically, tilting her head back and closing her eyes wearily. Her tired, pale face seemed to have gained a little colour after Sherlock’s faint praise. “You’re not going to tell him this time?”
“I’ll do whatever I please, thank you.” came the snappish reply. [Marseilles. Bleach Blonde. Bruno? Yes, that was it.]
But he’d never even thought to make this point clear with Sherlock. It just hadn’t occurred to him. And yet the night he’d come back to Baker street, after things had ended with Mary… He’d sat across from Sherlock and he’d raged and wept at the loss of the daughter he’d thought he was going to have. He hadn’t been right afterwards, not for a long time. He’d pushed everything into tight little boxes in his mind, muttering to himself not to think about it. Being silently furious at clients, watching them as they were reunited with their families. Having panic attacks on his bedroom floor, unable to cope with his loss. Relying on Sherlock to pull him back from the edge.
“It’s either under one of those terracotta pots or inside that bird-feeder.” Sherlock said dismissively, gesturing over his shoulder.
With an effort, he swung his legs off the worn window-seat, pressing the soles of his bare feet on the dark wooden floor for a long moment. With an even greater effort he focussed on the difference of temperature; the heat of his skin against the cold, time roughened wood.
Wordlessly, he knelt on the tiles next to the bath and leant his arms along the edge, letting his chin drop to his forearms. “Just…” he sighed, and shut his eyes. “Just tell me, honestly, if you’re hurt anywhere else alright?”
He could tell that Violet was doing her best to put Patrick at his ease, no doubt wanting to make him feel at home. But there was just something a little off about Singh, the same way it had struck him when they met at Fortnum and Mason. When they had first met him, back in Edinburgh, the rather beautiful young man seemed confident to the point of arrogance. He had never, not even once to John’s recollection, seemed awkward or at a loss. It was one of the things that had annoyed him the most about Patrick; the fact that he was so bloody
“I’m quite sure that Violet already knows.” said Sherlock. “If anyone could spot a human reinvention, she could.”
John thought about the rowdy twins he had met earlier, and swiftly concluded that it was rather unlikely that they would have been very upset at being expelled from bible studies.
?” John laughed, blushing. In the next picture, Sherlock was dancing with an extremely pretty dark-haired girl whom he was possibly twirling a little too forcefully by the way the hem of her dress was spinning.
He heard Sherlock sigh as he sank deeper into the water. “I promise I’m not. Minor scratches and bruises, nothing more. Feel free to play Doctor if you must; but it’s barely necessary.”
He opened his eyes, taking in the sight of John as he caressed them both. His smile was hazy but sincere, and he was so… (handsome? No. He’s fucking
“Maybe you could go and study somewhere else for a while? Travel, or something? It’s a big world out there.”
“John, you know that you’re having a panic attack. It’s textbook stuff, and you know exactly what’s happening, don’t you?”
John would think about being loved. John would think about being loved in an uncomplicated, straightforward way. He’d think about being loved by someone who didn’t boss him around or confuse him or infuriate him.
“Rot.” Violet said cheerfully, taking his arm. “You look decidedly dashing when you’re a bit crumpled round the edges – it’s one of those things that only the most handsome men can pull off, you lucky git. Come on, let’s go find ourselves an aperitif and see what’s lurking in the fridge. Your culinary education awaits, Patrick!”
“That’s one way of putting it.” John sighed, and kicked his boots off under the table. “If you don’t mind, explanations can wait till later. Sherlock needs to rest up a bit.”
John glared at Sherlock’s back, and Murdy turned just in time to catch sight of his mime of strangling the detective. She gave him a slightly concerned look, but didn’t comment.
“You had an argument with your brother this morning. You broke something of his, something valuable...” Violet paused, considering. Sherlock watched her expectantly as she scanned his chin, the top buttons of his shirt and the fingers of his left hand. “Oh! His mobile phone. Did you do it on purpose?”
“They seem to think it’ll be another few days, although I hear the others will probably be sent home later today. It’s…” the minister paused and sighed, his face clouding. “I’m afraid that it’s the alcohol, you see. I think the others just had the one drink; but poor Alice must have had a few before the poisoned bottle of tonic was opened. Apparently large amounts of alcohol can intensify the effects of the atropine; or at least that’s what I understand. She’s only a slight creature, as well – it hit her very hard.”
John returned his gun hesitantly to the waistband of his jeans, and accepted the boost that Sherlock gave him up onto the wall to their right. He tried to keep as low as possible, to keep out of sight. He grasped Sherlock’s wrists and helped him up before slipping down into the next garden.
“And I didn’t even get to try a deep-fried mars bar.” John murmured, stretching his legs out under the table between them, tangling them companionably with Sherlock’s.
“Quite.” Anthea agreed, sitting back and taking a small sip of wine. “The Chancellor of the Exchequer is rather put out. He’s left me some rather tetchy messages.”
“So tell me more about this Victor chap. You mentioned him a fair bit in your letters.” Violet said, after a pause. Sherlock was proving difficult to capture in this light, and she tore another sheet away from the pad resignedly. Sherlock glanced up at her, inhaling the joint deeply as he regarded her through slightly narrowed eyes.
Sherlock seemed to relax slightly, once the switch was made. John rummaged in his backpack and found his water bottle along with a handful of biscuits and some Kendal mint cake. Sherlock made a slight face at both but managed to swallow a few mouthfuls as he watched John pull out the map from his pocket.
“I’ve never used a gun before.” Phyllis said, with a hint of trepidation. John mused quietly that Katy was filling quite a few gaps in her education today.
John squinted. He had, admittedly, been a little preoccupied with areas of the picture other than the women’s faces. He stared a little harder.
“Shut up. We are not doing anything of the kind.” Sherlock said in a revolted tone. “We are merely sharing body heat, which is an
“And eventually, I actually did. I planned it out carefully, over a few months. I gave him every opportunity to leave me alone. But I took his life. It was the only way I could make it stop.”
“I don’t do cooking,” Mrs. Hudson was saying firmly. “I’m going to look up my old friends and I’m going to be busy with my own life. No cleaning, either. I’m going to be a landlady, not a housekeeper. I suppose I might drop up a scone or two, now and again. If you’re good.”
John slipped his hand back down, across the softer skin of Sherlock’s stomach and wrapped his fingers around the prominent erection below, squeezing him firmly only once before letting go.
Violet pushed the door firmly closed behind John as he stepped into the hallway and sighed loudly. The relief was evident in her face. “Thank Christ. With any luck Hilary and Basil are upstairs packing their bags already. This time tomorrow I might have a house blissfully free of students. Gosh, the utter
Evidently choosing to ignore the gasps coming from that end of the table, Sherlock clapped his hands together with every sign of enjoyment. John fought the urge to bury his face in the tablecloth.
He stooped and picked the irregular, folksy-looking plate up from where Benjy had abandoned it on the tiles. He turned it over in his hands, studying it with interest.
“I can’t believe that it’s New Years Eve already,” Violet remarked, gazing out of one of the small square-paned windows into the snowy grounds. “The last few days seem to have dissolved into a blur of painting and poisoning victims. Patrick and I have actually managed to do some really pretty good work, though. He’s even better than I remembered. At painting, that is. Haven’t had the chance to check other areas of expertise so far.”
They held each others gaze until John ducked slowly around the corner, for all the world feeling like a man who had narrowly avoided a bad end in an old western.
John didn’t answer, his face burning. He closed his eyes. He was still shamefully, ridiculously erect.
, exactly?” John asked. It didn’t matter how long he had known Sherlock, he still gaped a little at these detailed statements the man rattled out. It really sounded as if Sherlock just made it all up on the spot, but of course John knew better.
“Dr. Watson, hello.” Despite her faint stammer, her voice was beautifully modulated, quite deep and a little husky. “As you can... imagine, after what happened to... poor Sandra we are without a model. I’m trying to keep... keep going though. I’m sure it’s what she would... have wanted.”
.” Sherlock sighed. John grinned quietly. He still found it endlessly amusing when Sherlock got a little tipsy; particularly when his vehemently-denied lisp made an appearance.
“Sherlock, wake up. Sherlock!” he shook his arm gently. “Sherlock, love. Come on, wake up! Someone’s coming!”
It only took Sherlock around three minutes to unlock the door to Sandra’s room, which was at the very end of the second floor corridor. John pushed back the curtains and sat on a nearby windowsill while Sherlock worked.
“Take off your clothes,” Sherlock ordered softly, his long clever fingers slowly moving down the bared skin of his torso and toying with one of the remaining buttons. He watched John shrug off his deep green sweater through half-closed eyes, licking his lower lip as John’s fingers finished unbuttoning his crumpled white shirt.
. But your brother is wandering around unattended downstairs, and I was looking forward to actually having a wash today. Go and see what the hell he wants and I’ll come and find you in a bit. If you manage to get him to leave the house within an hour, extra points for you.”
“It’s not normal, though. Is it. I’m eighteen, my hormones are supposed to be driving me to procreative acts with anything that moves.”
“Irate is right. Violet is a tremendously good teacher, but she relies on me to deal with the financial and administrative side of things. I wouldn’t be doing my job if I didn’t attempt to curb that sort of behaviour.” She pushed her large round glasses up the bridge of her nose and sniffed.
As Sherlock began to shuffle haughtily past her chair she grabbed a handful of his blanket and glared at him. “And don’t fucking do that again, you silly twit. Understood? Murdy knows the river, but you don’t. Not really.”
John came nearer and took a seat opposite her on the low wide window seat. Violet looked tired and washed out in the bright light that streamed through the windows. She half-closed her eyes and leaned back against the panelled window-frame, looking at John unsmilingly from underneath her long eyelashes.
“Oh. Wonderful. No wonder you look so chuffed to be here.” John muttered, surreptitiously checking that the cab doors were locked. “Just to be clear, Sherlock, we are
“That landscape he’s been working on…” John trailed off. “The one of the grounds outside. It’s… fairly bleak.”
He knew that Mycroft accepted the depth of his loyalty to Sherlock; he knew that on some level he appreciated it. But he equally knew, deep in his bones, that Mycroft resented him. Resented the fact that John was important to his brother, resented the fact that Sherlock wanted John's company and not Mycroft's. Resented the laughter they shared, the camaraderie, the unthinking sharing of personal space. John didn't doubt how much Mycroft loved and cared for his brother, although it definitely veered towards being overbearing and intrusive. But he had little warmth for the man who had let him believe that Sherlock was dead; had let him go through
Sherlock’s hands were dropping, his eyes halfway to closing in resignation when the tall girl who had been knocked to the deck flung herself out of a corridor formed by two towering containers. She was holding a large metal rubbish bin over her head, her eyes wide and teeth bared. She aimed it at the man’s head, catching him with a glancing blow mostly by sheer unexpected luck. The clang knocked Sherlock smartly out of his fugue, and a welcome surge of adrenaline propelled him forwards. The gun had fired before he reached the man, the bullet intended for the panting girl and missing her by less than a foot. She was raising her fists as Sherlock approached, her dark eyes flickering between him and her captor; wary of them both.
“Anyway, I mustn’t dawdle. Cleaning out the studio took most of the morning; I’ve neglected the accounts. I’ll see you at dinner, I’m sure.”
John remained silent for a moment. Murdy was no fool, and she knew Mrs. Duncan much better than any of the rest of them did. “Her husband seemed to think that she has a bit of a problem with alcohol. Don’t spread it around, though.”
clear.” He said, with a brave attempt at good nature. He didn’t quite know how it had happened, but he was somehow standing well inside Patrick’s personal space, fighting the urge to go on tiptoe so that he could glower directly into the mans curious face. His heart rate had picked up considerably. “Really bloody crystal clear, alright? You are not going to make any
He had allowed his mind to drift back to London, thinking a little wistfully of a little café above a bookmakers on Chiltern street he had occasionally frequented. It stayed open until 2am, serving terrible coffee and overcooked fried food. He and John had ended up there more than once after a case, bone tired and elated.
“You’ll be the ones up from London, then?” he asked in greeting, an interested smile on his wizened face.
, why did this keep happening? Did every charming person he met have to turn out to be a fucking murderer?)
Sherlock shrugged, running a long finger along the ornate edge of a gilt picture frame. “It’s just a house. I didn’t like it much as a child, because my grandmother was always telling me not to leave marks on the wallpaper or to stop getting mud on the floors. I’ve never much liked the countryside for it’s own sake.
“We’ll come and help you find her.” John said firmly, getting to his feet and putting on his gloves. Sherlock mirrored his actions, tightening his scarf around his neck. “She can’t have gotten too far, surely.”
friend. Miss Argyle said nothing of the kind about Mrs. Duncan.” Sherlock answered. “Even when she was aware of how frail she was compared to the other victims.”
“Okay, love. Try and relax a bit more for me, then.” John murmured, stroking the length of Sherlock’s left thigh, which was still draped over his shoulder.
written on the envelope in fuchsia lipstick, an’ all. There’s nobody else in this village that wears fuchsia lipstick.”
.” she whispered the last word as if it were the most disgusting swearword she could speak of. “The poor children, I can’t imagine how she must have
Patrick slipped into the last empty chair slowly, pulling the heavy seat towards the table with silent ease. John watched curiously as his strong graceful fingers slid into the indigo folds of his silk scarf and pulled gently; the fabric tightened momentarily around his long neck before gliding free, causing the thick dark waves of his hair to slip over his shoulder. It gleamed in the light from the heavy silver candelabra.
“And slowly, she started pointing out the differences between the editions; the types of paper and ink. The different styles of hand in the earlier handwritten manuscripts. How you could identify the components of ink by smell and texture on the paper. It was the first time someone taught me something ungrudgingly. And I thrived on it; I spent hours and hours studying the variations between materials, learning the differences between vellum, parchment and all the hundreds of different kinds of paper. It didn’t take her as long as she thought to teach me all about the library collections; within six months I think my knowledge rivalled hers. She was clever enough not to resent this, and she decided to start me on the art collections.
Sherlock blinked rapidly and gave him a lopsided smile, his cheek creased against the sheets. There was a drop of moisture in the corner of his eye, pooling before it slowly ran across the bridge of his nose. John reached out and caught it with his fingertip, feeling the warm wetness against his skin.
John had to laugh. He hadn’t meant to say that, not at all. And he hadn’t the faintest idea what kind of response he had been expecting. He wasn’t crushed at the response, and wasn’t
But now it was just Sherlock, who didn’t have a blogger or even an inferior DI at his side. He watched gloomily as the straggling line of shivering people emerged from the dark, some of them clutching a bag or a few meagre possessions; but most of them merely hugging their own frames against the icy damp wind. Well over half were young women, grubby and dishevelled. They huddled together, heads turning this way and that as they took in their surroundings; but their gaze always returned to the three men on deck, their outstretched arms and the clear threat they represented. A couple of figures made a quick, abortive attempt at leaping overboard into the freezing choppy water; a whip-thin black teenage boy and a taller Asian girl. They were quickly subdued; knocked to the floor of the ship by the man holding the baton. The boy managed to shakily get to his feet after a moment or two. The girl took a little longer, and was yanked to her feet by her hair.
John’s face was earnest and creased with sleep; his hair dishevelled against the fine linen of the pillowcase they shared. He had clearly been awake for some time, unlike Sherlock who had blinked awake mere seconds previously to find his flatmate staring at him with an odd, rapt expression. He had heard from John more than once that the practice of observing unaware subjects while they were sleeping was ethically dubious (“creepy, Sherlock. It’s five in the morning, it’s the third time this week,
“Not a disembowelment. A stabbing, of an artists model. We’ll take the first train in the morning, and you can come back to London on Tuesday evening. You’re always going on about never going on holiday, John. This will be just like a nice holiday for you.”
“You know, you could have just tried the garden gate.” said a familiar voice, and Murdy Antonelli appeared out of the gloom beneath a couple of apple trees. “It’s just over there. The hinges were even oiled recently. Doesn’t squeak a bit.”
Mycroft looked up sharply at that, seeming to abandon his pretence of mere casual interest. “My work is a continual source of… interest, certainly.”
“I’ll tell you the rest some other time,” John muttered. Even if he had the inclination to explain the whole sorry Mary situation, he didn’t want to do it now. And certainly not under Anthea’s nose. “Back in London, I will buy you several pints and tell you the whole stupid story.”
The minister was already a silhouette heading down the lane that led towards the schoolhouse and Miss Argyle’s cottage.
“Do you know of any other grudges he might have against the other victims?” Sherlock queried airily.
“There are... a lot of dead things in this house.” John said. “What with the bear downstairs, and the butterflies and this poor old monkey.” He touched the bell jar gently, and the wired skeletal tail wobbled dangerously.
Patrick was blinking achingly slowly, long dark lashes settling like moths wings on his ashen cheeks. John could almost see the shock seeping through his system, and he bent close to Patrick’s anguished face, feeling his laboured breath against his cheek.
John reflexively glanced down at the picture of Sherlock and Violet, and felt a little shifty. Sherlock so rarely volunteered information about his younger days that it suddenly felt a bit underhand to have gone looking for it. His hands tightened on the leather cover and he closed the album carefully. He pushed it into Violet’s hands without looking.
John stared up at him, propping his chin on Sherlock’s chest. He blinked rapidly. “Right.... Squid. I see.”
Violet thought for a moment. “You must understand, I tend to leave them to themselves. They sleep on the second floor, where all the guest rooms are; and they have their own common room, bathrooms and kitchen at the east end of the house. We dine together three nights a week; that’s part of the deal when they come to study here. The rest of the time, I try to give them a wide berth for the sake of my sanity. I really don’t want to know what they get up to most of the time, I’m not their mum. But from what I can gather, they tended to rub along quite well. Sandra is-
John jerked back to awareness of his surroundings. Sherlock was regarding him with an exasperated expression.
Eventually he forced himself out of the room and down the hall, but not before he had scribbled a brief note on a scrap of paper. He propped it up on the pillow next to Sherlock carefully, where it would be the first thing he saw upon waking.
is particularly sensitive, as I recall. Human hair is incredibly strong. Stronger than steel actually, in terms of tensile strength. Thousands of strands, each one of them pulling and
It was true; while the house in Edinburgh was admittedly large and grand, it was crammed with strange fanciful objects and vibrant mismatched paintings that effortlessly displayed Violet’s own style and personality. This place however, had a still, serious air. The few paintings on the walls were ancient portraits and highland landscapes, all of them darkened with age and centuries of wood smoke.
“Oh alright, alright…” John sighed and laughed, running his hands down Sherlock’s thighs and pushing them apart as he came to lie between them.
“So, we’re rethinking the method of poisoning then?” John asked, following Sherlock down the hall and towards the stairs. “I mean, if he had another box of tonic water here-“
like the kilt,” he breathed, his fingertips tracing one of the knife-pleats over Sherlock’s hip and toying with one of the small buckles that fastened it. “I fucking
Damn. He expected that he looked as debauched as he felt. Maybe he really should just stay in the bedroom until it was safe to come out, and Mycroft had left the building.
Unsurprisingly, it had taken a while before the police had arrived at the vicarage, during which John had continued to crouch uncomfortably on the study floor; the Walther still pressed into the side of Reverend Duncan’s head. Murdy and Sherlock had passed the time attempting to interrogate the man, but he had refused to say a word.
As it was new years eve, John had been expecting Violet to be wearing something even more dazzling and flamboyant than usual, but when she appeared at the top of the staircase she was wearing a very simple black silk dress. Her hair was caught up in a firm knot at the back of her head, and the only jewellery she wore was a pair of large diamond studs. Even her footwear was more restrained than usual, low leather pumps which looked supple with repeated wear. She caught his eye on the way down the stairs and grinned.
“A house with no wretched students in it would be good.” Violet said savagely, vainly attempting to wrap herself further in Sherlock’s jacket.
“We must be. I think I heard movement a little way above us just now.” Sherlock said, peering around the nearest bend. “I can see some lights too.”
“They came under a bad influence, those girls.” Miss Argyle continued, her face twisting slightly. “It’s only to be expected, what with no mother to discipline them. And I blame myself in part, I really do.”
. Once he’d gotten over the shock of learning that he was going to be a father, once the initial panic had abated, he’d grown to love the idea of her. The idea of him, and the wife he thought he’d known, creating a whole new person; someone who’d rely on him and love him and whom he’d try to never let down in the hundred little ways his own dad had done. He’d built up this entire vision of Caroline in his head – fair haired and blue-eyed, more than likely. Probably cleverer than most. Quick-tempered, but it would fade away quickly. He’d unconsciously vowed to himself that he’d ensure she was able to trust in others more easily than he or Mary ever did.
Occasional bursts of laughter and noise came from the direction of the house kitchens, but there was still no sign of the two youngest members of the household coming to join them.
[Pressing question is though, where is the other one? No sounds coming from the wreckage. With luck the impact killed him; decidedly fortunate that I went through the window and into the drift. Can’t see anything beyond this fool’s body; the passenger seat has been crushed backwards. Must be what’s pinning my right foot; can feel the metal support against my metatarsus. I suppose the other pressing question is, how long until the fuel tank ruptures and ignites? Given the increase in smoke production and internal temperature, the sound of rapidly heating metal under the bonnet… three and a half minutes?]
Mr Jameson flinched very slightly and flushed. “A regular, certainly. So, er… what was it you lads wanted to talk to me about anyway?”
”Seeing as he’s not protesting his innocence just now, he’s going to get locked up overnight and the Aberdeen constabulary can take over tomorrow. It’s Hogmanay eve – nothing’s going to get done tonight. You three will come along and give a statement in the morning?”
He flushed hotly when he noticed the way Violet was grinning at him from across the table. He lamely attempted to cover his embarrassment by pouring cups of dark richly scented coffee for them all.
“Really, George.” Hilary said softly, breaking the silence. “That’s... a little unfair. Don’t you think?”
Anthea thoughtfully pushed a handful of hair behind one ear and hummed. “I’m afraid so. It would be risky enough during daylight; but at night it would be…imprudent.”
“I’m… sorry… about that.” he murmured, reaching out to squeeze John’s shoulder gently as he collapsed against him. John wasn’t really sure what he was apologising for, but wasn’t quite capable of speech just yet.
Mycroft continued to stare at him, an eyebrow slightly raised. At least, John thought grimly, he had the man’s full attention.
Yes!” Sherlock hissed. “Yes, I wondered when we’d get to this. I had a very interesting conversation with Violet the other night. Apparently, she wrote to me several times. Tried telephoning Mummy and Daddy, wanting to talk to me. Until
“Come on. Tell me the bare bones of the matter and less of the editorial comments, you slab of gorgonzola.” Violet prompted.
“I went round the front door of Miss Vernet’s house, then nipped down and listened at the kitchen door.” Murdy said, after a brief pause. She seemed to be doing her best to seem unabashed. “Look, this concerns my dad and my family. I wasn’t just going to go home when the police were sniffing around like that, was I? Those two were a pair of eejits who were obviously tempted to go and arrest my dad because they couldn’t think of anything else to do!”
The bowling club hall where the Womens Institute met turned out to be firmly locked. According to the notice-board next to the door it would remain closed until the following Tuesday due to the Hogmanay holidays. After a sidelong glance at the neighbouring houses, Murdy sidled down the alley between the hall and the red brick post office. She pushed open a dilapidated wooden gate that was overgrown with snowy ivy and held it open for John and Sherlock, who followed swiftly on her heels.
John nodded woodenly. Sherlock pushed past him and sank into one of the worn chairs near the fireplace, closing his eyes for a long moment. He sighed and waved a hand at Lestrade in exasperation. “Well? That hardly explains why on earth you are
Violet glared and smacked the back of his head before wrestling the bowl back from him. “Show him, Murdy.”
“Oh do shut up, old man. You’ll give yourself a nosebleed with all this righteous indignation. Hilary didn’t mind a bit! It was just a bit of slap and tickle, eh?” George raised a thin eyebrow, his smirking expression laden with innuendo.
“No, I am bloody well not! I’m frozen and they’re fucking big and I seriously doubt they go by Queensberry rules, Sherlock!”
“And it had nothing to do with the fact that he once overcharged you for a ninety-nine last May.” Petty pointed out drily, coming over to join them. She smiled tightly at Sherlock and John. “I really hope you two can back up those claims, by the way.”
“It is not that straightforward.” Sherlock said, after a slight pause. To John’s relief, he seemed to be attempting to restrain himself somewhat. “Once the mind has been trained to notice everything, it is not a case of merely flicking the switch off again.”
"Marmaduke.” John said quickly. “We already know that he deals drugs. He as good as confirmed it when we interviewed him the other day.”
“Yeah, they’ve got more sense.” Rab agreed. “It makes her look rabid. Well, even more rabid than she would do without it.”
“We need to warm you gentlemen up, don’t we?” Violet murmured, edging past PC Erskine rather too closely on her way to the stove. John could tell that the young officer was torn between being fascinated by the scars on her face and the cleavage revealed above her exquisitely tailored electric blue dress. She had rapidly unfastened her coat upon entering the kitchen, and John was almost sure that the top couple of buttons on her bodice had not been undone that morning. He resisted the urge to giggle at Erskine’s face, his pale eyelashes flickering up and down as he took in Violet’s arresting appearance.
The painting was of Sandra, naked save for a pair of very high heels and several items which John supposed must have been toys (although he couldn’t imagine anyone
As Sherlock slowly relaxed enough for him to press the tip of his tongue inside his rim, John pressed his thumbs on either side of the tight hole. He gently pulled a little, encouraging Sherlock to allow him to slip his tongue deeper into the slick ring of quivering muscle. Sherlock’s hole gradually relaxed some more, although the man was by now sobbing and moaning into the sheets; his back arching helplessly as John worked at his arse.
“I got a bad fever when the wound got infected, I was drifting in and out of these dreams for days. It wasn’t about getting shot, not really. Just this really menacing feeling of being surrounded by these weird dark shapes. The smell of hot blood and green leaves. The shadows moving around me. I’d read this silly horror story, years before. There was this kid in the book, who was being chased by topiary in a garden, they were moving and attacking him. I’d completely forgotten about it, hadn’t thought about it for years. But I remembered it during the fever, and it all got messed up in my head, it got twined with the monastery garden and the statues and that boy bleeding out in front of me. I dreamt about him and Patel and Briggs playing cards on the grass, only to be torn to pieces by the trees. It felt like it went on for years. They had to strap me down, I was thrashing about so much. I had to be in a single room, because I was scaring the other patients with my screaming about the shapes in the trees. It was....”
“We’re still getting used to each other this way, okay? Darling idiot.” He smoothed his palm along the pale length of Sherlock’s thigh and sighed. “And it’s all completely new to me. I’m frankly amazed that everything’s gone so well until now, really. We were bound to trip up at some point.”
“Just so you know, Sherlock. We will be having a very serious chat in the morning about certain items of crockery. Not to mention your early career in forgery.”
Mary was still and silent, the colour draining from her face. Whatever she had expected Mycroft to say, that hadn’t been it. John wondered for perhaps the thousandth time about the contents of that memory stick. Whether he had been right to destroy it, unexamined. At the time it had seemed like the right thing to do; he had felt that ignoring her past was the only way they could move forward. But whatever Mycroft was referring to was clearly damning in the extreme. And it was probably just one out of dozens, possibly hundreds of jobs that Mary had undertaken. Her eyes flickered to his face, as if she had heard his thoughts and he felt his mouth curl into a vicious, humourless smile.
Sherlock obligingly shifted back up the bed, draping himself heavily over John and tucking his face into the crook of John’s neck.
It occurred to him that he rarely heard Sherlock hum, as he hastily pulled on some clothes in the chilly room. He rubbed his own bristly chin absently, feeling his lips curving into an irrepressible grin under his fingers. He couldn’t stop thinking of the sensations and discoveries of the morning, kept closing his eyes and reliving the experience (and
Mycroft stared at the packet of biscuits she waved towards him as if he’d never seen such a thing before. John couldn’t understand the weak giggle that suddenly bubbled out of him. Shock and relief he supposed.
“I seem to recall a lot of big talk earlier, but something tells me I’m not going to get any help with this right now...” John slid his hand down to his cock, which was still ridiculously, painfully erect. He laughed a little, then groaned as he pulled at the foreskin. Sherlock cracked one eye open and watched languidly as John stroked himself, the motions starting slow then irresistibly speeding up. He had already been close just from the experience of pleasuring Sherlock; the sight of the man post-coital, spread out next to him and deliciously trembling with aftershocks nearly drove him right over the edge.
“But they did act with considerable resourcefulness and intelligence.” Sherlock added, causing Murdy’s ears to turn even redder. “Which leads me to another issue I wanted to discuss with you.”
Sherlock cautiously peered around the door, but the alley seemed deserted in both directions. He beckoned for John to follow him, walking silently and keeping close to the wall.
[Honestly, it’s completely ludicrous to stage a kidnapping and not even check the weather forecast. This outfit becomes more and more embarrassingly slipshod by the hour.]
She pointed out a slightly blurred figure in the bottom left of the frame. It looked as if Sherlock was attempting to sneak out of the photograph, his shoulders hunched as he was caught mid-sidle down the bottom step. John stared, taking in the gangling youth with dishevelled hair. He was wearing a smart suit without a tie, although he looked deeply uncomfortable in it. His dark curls were tucked behind his left ear, but the right half of his face was nearly obscured where they swung loose and unruly. His face was blurry but John could see the impatient expression nonetheless. He felt his own mouth slide into a smile of recognition. To Sherlock’s right, he spied an exasperated Mycroft with one hand a little outstretched – no doubt attempting to catch hold of his brothers’ arm before he ruined the picture.
“PC Dalziell must do.” John shrugged. “Before she started shrieking at us she said they’d just gotten engaged the afternoon before they drank the tonic water.”
“The swearing I could manage.” Violet grinned, taking a sip of her wine. “Cooking to please anyone but myself, though – absolutely not. Anyone who told me to change a thing, I’d throw a colander at their head. I suppose I picked it up here and there. I studied cooking a bit, in Paris. Long time ago, now though.”
The main church hall was crowded with what looked like the entire population of Hilderbogie village. It was brightly lit, and dancers ranged from tiny children on wobbly legs to nonagenarians. Most of the men were in some variation of Highland dress, in either kilts or tartan trews. A few of the younger men wore their kilts with t-shirts and trainers but most, like Sherlock, wore smart tailored shirts and dark jackets with theirs. The women were mainly in evening dress, some of them sporting their family tartan on sashes or on skirts. John was quite surprised to see the unselfconscious gusto with which all ages were dancing, particularly the teenage boys who were using the floor as an opportunity to charm the ladies.
picking it out.) His long dark (stupid, girly) hair was hanging in heavy waves over one shoulder, looking artfully tousled. He was carrying a large blue cake box in one hand, tied with an extravagant black velvet ribbon.
When she entered, Violet’s face was white as a sheet, scars livid against her bloodless freckled skin. She looked beyond fury, until she caught sight of Patrick lying motionless on the floor.
Griz sized him up wordlessly, her strong jaw clenching a little as she regarded him. After a moment, she merely nodded and turned to her horse. At first, John felt relief when he thought she was going to continue on her way; but she didn’t mount the piebald. She opened one of the stained canvas saddlebags and tucked the rabbits inside carefully, before turning back to him.
John attempted to rearrange his own face into some semblance of a smile. “Patrick! Hello. Nice, er, to see you again. It’s been a while.”
“No!” John almost shouted, practically lunging across the bed. He could feel Sherlock’s body shaking as he laughed into the sheets, and then the slight tremor as John’s hands skated across the smooth expanse of skin on the backs of his thighs. When John pushed Sherlock’s legs gently apart and came to lie between his thighs, the man sighed deeply and buried his face in the sheets. His muscles were tense under John’s fingers, and he could almost feel the excitement and tension rolling from his body.
, exactly? You’re sure that he loves Patrick? You’re sure that he’ll make time for him and be mad enough to figure out the precise shade of his eyes?)
“They didn’t. They clearly just followed the path and after they didn’t find the box, decided to try the first house they encountered.” Sherlock said, after swallowing a large chunk of cake. “They knew what to look for. I’m quite sure that she told them exactly what type of box and what it contained. Elementary mistake, really.”
John watched Sherlock retreat into thinking mode, with his hands steepled under his chin. When Sherlock’s ridiculously long legs stretched out and under John’s seat, John made a token effort to nudge them away but to little effect. There was no point, and to be honest he didn’t mind. He had tried explaining the concept of personal space more than once to Sherlock, but had always been greeted with vaguely perplexed impatience. It was quite nice, in a way. Not exactly brotherly (he certainly never saw Sherlock and Mycroft looking comfortable with less than a good five feet of empty space between them) but companionable. It was the feeling of trusting someone within your space, the familiarity that came from long acquaintance and affection.
“I was born in the west of Ireland, in 1975. It wasn’t any place that you would have heard of; it was in the middle of nowhere for a reason. Because it was a place that was supposed to be difficult to get to. And,” Violet added quietly. “Because it was supposed to be even more difficult to get away from.
“I’ll fill you in. Lestrade, wasn’t it?” Violet inquired, lolling back in her chair. Despite his exhaustion, John didn’t miss the hint of coyness to her smile.
“No. Not now, anyhow. It- it’s nothing really.” He swallowed hard, and glared down at the melting snow in the tureen. “Just. Just- talk to me for a bit, alright?”
Sure enough, a blurred outline revealed a small doe picking her way through a rocky gully dozens of feet below. John clenched his fists and stared at the display, willing it to pick up something else. It remained a dull grey-green for several long seconds more. He felt, rather than saw, Violet’s shoulders dropping in disappointment to his left.
“And these plants too, I’m sure. This place is wonderful. I’ve always loved greenhouses like this. It’s a bit like some of the glass houses at the botanic gardens at Kew.”
John was almost too taken up with watching Sherlock to register the grandeur of the dark wood panelled and vaulted hall. After a moment, however, when he joined Sherlock in front of an immense rough stone fireplace he allowed himself to look around. As he stripped off his new gloves and basked in the sudden heat of the leaping flames, he stared around the gloomily austere hall, his eyes widening a little as he took in the many stuffed stags heads on the walls. There was a huge black metal chandelier overhead, bearing the remains of hundred of melted candles which had left pendulous trails of wax hanging beneath. The small square windows let in very little light, and the immense thickness of the ancient walls was obvious when he took in the deep window seats on either side of the door.
Murdy swivelled in her chair and bent over to pick something up from the scarred flagstones of the kitchen floor. When she reappeared again from behind the table she was holding a roughly hewn wooden box, hand stencilled with a heraldic device on each side.
“It doesn’t matter. I was wrong about him. Should have known better, really.” Sherlock shrugged one bony shoulder and flicked some ash a little too forcefully over the side of the boat. “You’d think that I would know better by now.”
It seemed eons, but it was probably only ten minutes before they heard the heavy thrum of the first approaching helicopter. Violet bolted from the room, haring down the corridor at lightning speed to lead the RAF medics back to Patrick’s room. By the time they entered the room, John was sweating and panting from the effort of continuing CPR while maintaining pressure on the wound. Patrick was fully unconscious and his pulse was flickering erratically. He had to force himself to let go of Patrick’s limp wrist, to shuffle aside and make room.
Sherlock turned and ambled away, deeper into the rambling gardens. He and John had not explored the full extent of them until now, having only wandered through the topiary and the wide back lawns. Tall hedges hid an overgrown fruit garden and small orchard, where an abundance of blushing apples weighed down the curving bows of trees.
“It’s only a little noise, when a blade enters deeply into a living human body. But usually quite audible. Before the blood begins to spill.”
Violet stepped back from Mary, making way for Anthea who took a seat in front of her. She looked for all the world like she was merely sitting down at the beginning of a particularly dreary meeting at Whitehall. She crossed her legs and sighed, carelessly putting down the knife on the kitchen table next to her. Mary’s eyes narrowed slightly as she took in Anthea’s bored expression, but she didn’t say anything.
Within a minute Murdy had reached Miss Argyle’s beautifully painted garden gate and she kicked at it viciously with her heavy black boot. The fancy wrought iron gate flew open and rebounded, the powdery snow on the adjoining fence exploding outward with the impact. Murdy stamped up the snowy path, pausing to violently kick over a few of the meticulously arranged garden gnomes before approaching the front steps. She was shaking with rage as she raised her fist and hammered on the deep pink wooden door.
He led the way down the hallway of the cosy, old fashioned house towards a large kitchen at the back. The walls were papered with fussy William Morris floral patterns, and almost anything that could have sported a frill did so. Despite the obvious care taken with decorating the interior, it was rather messy; John saw several old newspapers and discarded pairs of shoes lying on the living room floor as they passed the open door. Similarly the kitchen was distinctly disordered when they entered; crumbs lay on the surfaces and several large stains were scattered across the creased table cloth. The warmth of the room was a relief after the chilly morning air outside, and he followed Murdy’s example, hovering next to the large greasy Aga which was fairly belching out heat.
[He didn’t even stop to think. The idiot threw himself at them. I couldn’t have stopped them, I swear it. I just wanted them to take me quietly, Mycroft. But I heard the shot and I saw him on the floor, he was a tangled heap and he wasn’t moving and oh god I’m
“Dearest nephew, last time I checked people tended to wait for an invitation to other people’s homes.” Violet said coldly, delicately tapping some ash into the fireplace.
Rosie glared down at her plate with all the concentrated loathing a four-year old could muster. “What’s a petard?”
“Mr. Holmes! Doctor Watson!” she called, once they had drawn nearer. “Do you need to come and see the shop again? The door below is open if you want to come in.”
She smiled grimly, but with more than a trace of pride. “I think Basil was quite taken with the... idea of my tragic past. Quite the shining knight. He proposed after only a month. He set me up in a flat; paid my bills; made me an allowance. I
“I shouldn’t think so,” Hector replied weakly. “We only get one or two boxes of tonic at a time, and the company takes back the empty ones when they deliver a new batch. They’re kept in the cellar once we’ve taken the bottles out and put them on the shelf.”
“Good, then there’s less chance that I’ll bump into him and flay him alive.” Katy said crisply, looking around for a clean apron and pushing her round glasses up the bridge of her nose. “Violet said she would entrust me with finishing dinner preparations. She also told me to ask you to give her an hour to herself, and then to bring her an enormous drink before dinner.”
“Doctor Watson, you’ve got to come! Quick! It’s Miss Vernet, she’s in the kitchen and I couldn’t get in!” she implored, frantically gesturing towards the door which was swinging slowly shut behind her. “Mr. Holmes, please!”
“As it turned out, there was an extremely sharp stiletto knife hammered through the base of the bench and disguised by the drape. Garner was stabbed through the back, between her ribs. The blade entered her heart and she quickly bled out. She died before they could get her to hospital. According to Violet, the local police are-“ Sherlock consulted a text on his phone “-about as much use as a one-legged man at an arse-kicking competition.”
“What did he do?” Sherlock asked, interested. He leant forward expectantly, and sighed at the grocer’s uncertain expression. “Oh, come on. He has
“Nobody worth snogging in there, anyhow.” Violet shrugged, as they got to their feet. “I have cunningly managed to snag quite the dishiest two chaps in the joint; you may both kiss me at your leisure.”
Sherlock sighed and shut his eyes wearily, tipping his head back so that the curls at the back of his neck slowly saturated and trailed in the water. “Oh, alright. If you
He became aware of Sherlock subtly insinuating himself into his space once again. He closed the distance between them and leaned slightly against Sherlock’s shoulder. Mercifully Sherlock didn’t say anything, just joined him in looking at the pile on the bed.
John watched Edinburgh disappear slowly, first the Victorian glass roof of the station and one last glimpse of the towering castle before the train vanished into the darkness of a tunnel. Sherlock was hunched in the seat opposite, and didn’t even look up from his phone as the train picked up speed.
Violet smiled grimly at them in the mirror and took a sip of her whiskey. “I’ve a good mind to get Margaret to serve him nothing but a fish-paste sandwich and a glass of water in the kitchen. It’s not as if he was even slightly invited.”
“Hmm? You usually can’t get enough of my mouth on your cock, though…” John laughed a little, running his fingers along the soft exposed skin of Sherlock’s perineum and pressing gently. Sherlock growled and thrashed a little. “Oh, if you insist…”
John began to whistle under his breath, reaching for the washing up liquid. He tried very hard not to laugh. He knew very well that Violet had no intentions towards him beyond making Sherlock jealous; but a small part of him felt that teasing him like this was perhaps a tiny bit mean.
He pointed at the narrow ledge overhung with rocks, a small dark space barely large enough for a man to stand and shelter in. Some twigs and branches broken from a nearby pine littered the tiny patch of sheltered ground. What made John’s heart sink even more was the dark smear of blood on the granite, close to the ground. It was larger than the traces around the footprints back near the crash site, dark and glistening on the rock face.
know. Eulalie was the name of our au pair. My parents needed help at home when Mummy was away on lecture tours, and Father was on business trips. I didn’t go to boarding school until I was twelve, and they seemed to think I needed some kind of supervision. Absurd, really. But we had various au pairs over the years, but Eulalie was the last. I was ten, and Mycroft was seventeen. Most of the previous ones we had were French, but she was Scots, from the Borders. I suppose she was reasonably attractive, quite large with curly blonde hair and dark eyes. She was twenty when she came to work for us.
It wasn’t enough to stop him worrying. John got stiffly to his feet and stretched, yawning hugely. It wouldn’t hurt just to go and check. Surely Violet would have left him and gone to bed by now. If Sherlock was busy, John would just check on him before heading back upstairs. (Don’t let me find him aching and lost in his own head. Please.)
“He deserves to die.” Murdy said flatly. “He nearly killed four people. He didn’t give a damn who he hurt, so long as he got his wife out of the way.”
Sherlock snorted derisively. “I don’t think Violet would want me to stoop to such depths of self-mortification, John. There is a limit, even to save one’s favourite cousin from a criminal syndicate.”
John watched as the shadow of a memory trailed across her face, and was quickly banished. She caught sight of his expression and grinned cheerfully. “Anyhow. What’s the plan for the day? Interrogations and intrigue?”
John turned away and studied a nearby display of teacakes and coconut snowballs with great interest.
It was nearly half past six by the time John, Sherlock and Murdy rounded the bend in the path and caught sight of the lit windows of Hilderbogie House. Murdy’s ill-concealed grin and light step caused John to smile in turn; the girl laughed out loud when Sherlock tripped over a snow-covered tree root. The sound was startlingly loud, clear as a bell and John couldn’t help staring when it erupted from her slight frame.
“Heading left. Damn it, that’s right on the very edge, too…” John grimaced, cautiously making his way along the path. The river wasn’t frozen over entirely, and the water had left the path treacherously slippery. “What the hell is she doing out here?”
his) daughters arrival, looking forward to meeting her and seeing her grow up. It suddenly seemed miraculous, the idea of creating a whole new person (silly, for a doctor - he knew how these things worked). He had hoped that she would get Mary’s nose instead of his. He wanted her to have Mary’s intellect and maybe a bit more of his empathy. He had wanted to teach her how to read, had already gone hunting for all his old Enid Blyton books in the loft of his mother’s house. He had envisioned Sherlock helping her with her science homework when she was older (and oh, what a brilliant disaster that would have been). He smiled faintly at this last image. Children often seemed to adore Sherlock, despite his obvious awkwardness and inability to say appropriate things to them.
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “We’ll bring her back a case of whisky or something. Stuffed Loch Ness monster. Jam.”
This had to be an outrageous lie, and it was delivered with such utter aplomb that John had to gape at her. After a moment the corner of her mouth twitched minutely, but Anthea remained otherwise impassive.
Violet pushed him back down again affectionately. “No, you and John wouldn’t have a clue where to find the right outhouse in the dark.” she poked Sherlock in the side with the toe of her cobalt blue suede shoe. “Alright you rotten git; how about this: you fetch some more firewood and I promise I’ll make you some honey cake tomorrow.”
. Sherlock then began to take mis-matched plates off the wooden shelves and placed them on the table. He seemed to think for a second or two, and grabbed one of the smaller jugs of flowers from a nearby shelf and added it to the haphazard table arrangement.
He knew that at best it would be awkward and unwelcome. At worst he was slightly concerned she might bite. There was something just a bit odd and wild about her, so many jagged edges and aches in the way she held herself. He couldn’t for the life of him imagine what it must be like to be a fourteen year old girl, let alone one whose only parent was suspected of attempted murder.
They had left the labyrinthine Old Town behind, and after driving past wide expanses of green parkland were in the Victorian suburbs of the city. The streets were wider here, lined with tall trees and covered in drifts of autumnal leaves. The buildings were changing as they moved away from the centre of the city; tall tenements were giving way to smart terraced houses and detached grey stone villas with large gardens. To their left, Arthur’s Seat and the volcanic crags towered over the east of the city. After a minute or so, the cab drew up in front of a tall grey stone wall set with an ancient and battered wooden door.
“Yes, you’ve seen me now. I’ve had a couple of drinks but have somehow managed to stay off the cocaine and heroin that this den of vice is clearly awash in.” Sherlock said, in a blasé tone. “You can report as much back to Mummy now.”
John felt his hackles rise a bit at this. Who the hell did Mycroft think he was, dictating how Sherlock should live, who he should have contact with?
“It doesn’t matter, Hil.” Basil said quietly, still not looking up. “You know what he’s like. He can’t face the scandal. He said… he said that you’re an agent of death. That it’s almost as bad.”
John stared at him curiously, his heart sinking a little. The car pulled through a tall set of granite gateposts, guarded by worn stone stag’s heads, their antlers immense and made from what looked like real bone. Tall snow-capped hedges impeded their view across the land now, and the great house was visible at the far end of the gravel drive. John reached out and took hold of Sherlock’s hand, which was sweating slightly. He squeezed the unresponsive fingers and didn’t let go until Sherlock looked down at him, his face pale and stony.
“Nicely done, Doctor Watson.” Sherlock said approvingly. John smothered a smile. “Quite right. The first time it was sealed, it was done precisely and neatly. It wasn’t done hurriedly. The first time it was re-sealed, it was done a little more clumsily but equally precisely; presumably by Freddie Garcia, and while he was under the influence of the drug. The second time it was re-sealed, it was even messier. Possibly while the person was high, possibly they were in a hurry. I would lean towards being in a hurry, as the ends of the tape aren’t pressed down fully, which they were previously.”
“Rationally, I know that. But I wasn’t thinking terribly clearly when I kissed you, for some reason.” Sherlock said, looking a little annoyed. “You surprised me a bit, when you pulled my hair.” John winced. “I started remembering... Well. I have some
“’Am I allowed to ask you questions?’ I asked, after a minute. I still couldn’t look at him, just the knot of his tie. I still remember it; forest green silk with cream spots. Beautiful.
“I don’t want to have an affair with Violet.” John said, feeling the need to be very clear on this point. “I mean, she’s lovely and clever and incredibly attractive.” He watched Sherlock’s expression darken infinitesimally and hastily added: “But I only want to be with you. Are we clear on that point? You’re even more clever and attractive.”
“Well, we were with you most of the time.” Murdy pointed out. “At least we were with a responsible adult.”
I feel really bad that I haven’t been replying to all your lovely comments and messages, but life has really gotten in the way of late! I read and treasure every single comment though - they mean an awful lot to me and thank you all so much for taking the time to leave them.
John shook his head in disbelief. He couldn’t quite match up this description of events with the fragile, lovely girl he and Sherlock had interviewed earlier, no matter what Sherlock had deduced about her.
She had been in the conservatory for several hours, and nobody seemed all that keen on disturbing her. It was now well after dark, and the only noise coming from behind the glass panelled doors was of very loud orchestral music.
Sherlock strained his ears, waiting for a reply. None came. The ashtray snapped shut once more, then fell silent. [making a point. He’s nervous. Whatever tenuous seniority he has, he’s not going to hang on to it much longer. There’s going to be a coup. Interesting. Useful? Maybe.]
Bleach-blonde nodded in agreement, although there was a flash of irritation at the authoritative tone. His grip on Sherlock’s bicep tightened, not deliberately painful but on the edge of it. Sherlock sagged on his left side, long past the point where he could stand unaided. He waved a hand vaguely at the discarded clothing on the ottoman at the end of the bed. If he was being kidnapped, he might as well be suitably attired. “Clothes. Coat-“
“John! Come in!” she smiled, beckoning him in. “Help yourself to coffee, it’s in the pot on the stove. There will be rolls ready in a few minutes.”
John frowned slightly, watching the heavy oak door close and the wrought iron handle swing back into place. Sherlock leant back against his legs and elbowed John into a more comfortable position for lounging against.  For the remainder of dinner, Patrick had appeared decidedly more cheerful but somehow the music seemed to have pushed him back down into the sombre mood he had arrived in.
“Oh, honestly John! Wasn’t it glaringly obvious, even to you?” Sherlock frowned curiously. Violet threw an oatcake at him before John could do more than bristle.
“I don’t mind it, you know. I thought I would. But it’s…” his jaw cracking with a massive, silent yawn. “It’s good. I know why you like it.”
“She shouldn’t have been able to fool me so easily,” John said, hating the almost pleading tone in his voice. He sounded weak. He couldn’t be weak, not now.
“So long, Mycroft.” Violet said evenly, and held out her hand. After a moment, Mycroft shook it briefly, and turned to go.
From the landing, John caught sight of the back of Reverend Duncan’s gleaming silver head as he took off his felt hat and unwound his scarf, dropping them both on the foot of the stairs. Sherlock peered curiously downstairs, watching the man toe off his shoes and nudging them towards the wall.
Violet grabbed a pair of kitchen scissors from a nearby drawer and quickly snipped off Mrs. Duncan’s blouse before draping a couple of blankets over her carefully. The ministers wife was not entirely unconscious; now and again her eyelids flickered feebly and she made weak attempts to swallow. She was still far from lucid, but the way in which she was attempting to move gave John a little more hope. Together he and Violet began to chafe and massage her limbs under the blankets in an attempt to stimulate her circulation.
He froze, seeing the shape of a dark-haired man sitting hunched over a table with his back to them. At first it seemed that there must have been some terrible mistake, and for a split second John wondered giddily if perhaps his theory about forgotten meat might have been correct. But when Sherlock flicked the light switch next to the door and stepped purposefully towards the man, the facts of the matter became horribly clear.
He grinned wryly at whatever he saw in John’s expression. “I like this angle better. Not to mention the view…”
“If he does, I’ll have a word with him.” Violet promised. “I think you should probably give him the benefit of the doubt, though. Anyway, I think we’d better go and have a look for a dress or something for you to change into – you can’t dance in a big wooly jumper and jeans.”
Sorry it's taken me so long to update! I'm hoping to add another chapter to my Mystrade fic, A Sense of Home as well before too long.
Not wanting to step back, John slipped his hands between their torsos, unhooking and unbuttoning the top of Sherlock’s black wool trousers. He swallowed hard, and let his fingers slip inside after he slid the zip down. Sherlock’s cock was hot and hard under a layer of grey cotton, and as John cautiously trailed the tips of his fingers from base to tip he heard the detective give an almost inaudible moan. Sherlock’s hand slipped down onto John’s arse and squeezed hard.
A quiver runs through Sherlock’s body when the word leaves John’s mouth. He doesn’t reply at first, merely nodding into the crook of John’s neck. The flat of his palm is pressed to John’s heart, feeling the stuttering pace of it.
“Specifically, super-giant squid. Mycroft gave me a copy of Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea when I was six, and it had quite alarming illustrations in it. It is obviously
"good morning, john. before you worry, nothing is wrong, i just thought you'd like to know that he's awake."
he ignores the scar on his chest, as it proves no point. bits of shrapnel dug out of him. john's cane, discarded in the hall closet. all metal and gunpowder. sherlock may have a scar but john has one to match and feels less human for it.
the only time john has seen sherlock entirely at peace is when he's high off his arse in hospital. right now, he is being treated with a dosage of methadone that made john's brow furrow, mycroft's eyes shut tight, followed by a round of suboxone to ward off withdrawal symptoms.
They exchanged a long, wordless glance. Narek made another feeble swipe with his knife but his heart was clearly no longer in it.
“Oh, fine! I’ve got to go speak to someone down in Soho anyway.” Sherlock announced, sweeping towards the door. “Places to go. Things to do.”
“Oh, please!” Mary half-laughed, reaching up to massage the reddened mark that was swiftly blooming on her cheek. “Do you honestly think I’d be afraid of you?”
John was not prepared for the next words to come out of Sherlock’s mouth, which were “Now take off your shirt.”
“Of course, by this point I had realised that there had to be a point to all this endless instruction and sketching. I never explicitly asked him the reason; I still had something of a horror of asking questions. In the back of my mind, that was always a sure path towards being beaten. It was nearly a year before he showed me his study, where he did his own work. I wasn’t surprised. I wasn’t shocked. I was… fascinated. He let me watch him, working from dozens of photographs of every square inch of an old oil painting of peasants in a snow-covered field. He was half-way through his copy, and it was remarkable. And I realised that I had seen this painting before, in a book in the library. It had disappeared during the war in Germany; the Nazis had looted it from a prominent Dresden family. Philip told me calmly that he had a prospective buyer in Leningrad for the painting. It went without saying that the buyer was expecting the original, that he believed that Philip had somehow procured the original. His reputation as a historian helped tremendously – who on earth would question Vilhjalmsson’s judgement on whether a painting was real or not?
Phyllis brightened, and jogged away across the court. At the far end, a collection of battered wooden boxes were arranged in a line, surrounded by several small white irregular objects. As Phyllis reached the end, she reached into a bag that John recognised as the one Katy had had slung over her shoulder earlier. Phyllis rummaged around and extracted a few small items, blocking their view as she arranged them atop the boxes. Her grin was directed at Sherlock as she turned and trotted back up the court. The targets were too far away to make out the details, but John thought he saw her slipping one more into her coat pocket.
“-what you’re expecting… while continuing to share a bed with me.” Sherlock’s words were wooden, but he’d had to get them out. They had been burning him; he
Violet reached out to ease Patrick’s coat from his shoulders, hanging it carelessly from the antlers of a nearby stuffed stags head along with his red cashmere muffler. She took Patrick’s arm and started leading him down the corridor towards the kitchen, chatting animatedly all the while. John frowned a little at Patrick’s back, and watched them go.
“Oh! And Doctor Watson too!” Violet exclaimed, finally pulling away but keeping Sherlock’s gloved hand in hers. “I’m so pleased you accompanied this gargoyle. I hear he minds his manners a bit more when you’re around. I have been simply
Mr. Brodie slapped him on the back heartily, causing Patrick’s hair to fly over his shoulder by several inches. “Och, it’ll all come back to you in no time. Don’t you worry.”
(Nervous. I mean, obviously; who wouldn’t be when Sherlock’s in this kind of mood. But that’s one of those classic nervous habits, isn’t it? Interesting.)
He heard heavy footsteps pound down the jetty behind him, but didn’t look around even when he heard Patrick’s familiar voice cry: “John! Please, let me help.”
to get the chance to split us up.” Sherlock was leaning forward in his chair now, and John noticed the index finger he was waving at Mycroft was trembling slightly. His face was deathly pale, and more furious than John had seen it in a long time.
He could feel a pair of hands on his shoulders. He didn’t know or care whose they were. Someone was speaking to him urgently. More than one voice now. The sound was blurry; it wasn’t breaking through the horror that was freezing his mind. His eyes were tight shut. He couldn’t risk seeing anything more.
“I’m not some wilting innocent; I have always been perfectly well acquainted with the mechanics of sex. It was necessary at the time, and the information was valuable. But I did not enjoy it.”
Patrick gave a small, bitter laugh and shook his head. “As I said, I was a fool. When we last spoke, it was quite clear that we were parting ways. I don’t know why I would imagine he would suddenly decide to sweep in and spend New Year’s Eve with me. A stupid, romantic notion; no wonder he despises me.”
“It’s possible I might have one or two, I suppose…” Violet grinned. “Come on. These two will be busy for ages. I’ll leave them the biscuit tin and we’ll go take a look at the old albums, shall we?”
As Violet introduced everyone, Sherlock simply nodded at each member of the party and remained silent. John knew that he was concentrating intensely, taking in as many details as he could about each individual, the little tells and signs that each would give away in a stressful situation. Since his return, the detective had become almost a household name, and as people often already knew something of his talents they frequently became nervous when meeting him for the first time.
Four months, really. If he was being honest. Four months since the blood had sung in his veins and his heart thrummed and he had felt sick and heady and on a knife edge of panic and so, so
grand.” Sherlock smiled, giving the impression that they could be chatting as old friends over coffee. “No? Ah, I see. The RP was adopted before you met old Basil, wasn’t it. I doubt he even knows what you sounded like before, does he? Has he met your parents at all?”
Mary gave Violet an appraising look, before her hand twitched. It had been partly obscured by the open lapel of her coat, and a large, wickedly curving fragment of thick glass smashed on the floor among the remains of the other preserving jars.
Phyllis shook her head. “No. And I can’t tell them. I know that people always say that their families ‘knew all along’, that it was no great surprise. But I know very well that if my family suspected, they’d disown me. It’s an awful thing, Doctor Watson. To know, deep down and for sure, that the people who you love that much would push you away. It’s not the money; it’s knowing that I’d have nowhere to go at Christmas. Not getting a birthday card from my gran anymore.”
Somewhere around Newcastle Upon Tyne Sherlock looked up at him and blinked. John supposed that Sherlock had either a) forgotten that they were travelling together or b) forgotten that he was on a train.
Violet looked around, surprised.  “Blimey, is she really? I suppose it would explain why she’s had such a bad time of it, compared to the others.”
John followed on their heels, casting a swift last glance down into the hall. To his great relief, the man downstairs seemed to have changed his mind about coming up. John checked the small of his back where the Walther was snugly tucked into the waistband of his jeans, hoping that he would be able to leave it there.
“We’ve got to get going, Murdy.” John said at once, before Sherlock could respond. “The man’s a bloody murderer and we’re not going to risk running into him and getting into a fight if you could get in the middle of it.”
“Oh.”Sherlock’s voice was tinged with something approaching wonder. His hands tightened again, and John felt almost weak with relief. He wasn’t prepared for the feeling of Sherlock’s breath or the firm kiss pressed to his forehead. His eyes flew open and he stared at Sherlock, who smiled at him a little nervously.
“What a filthy trick,” Violet said indignantly. “They clearly wanted the poor woman to go into the water.”
John stared at him, open-mouthed. Even Sherlock seemed very slightly shocked at his own actions, staring at the mess before scrubbing his hands across his face angrily. He was trembling with emotion and rage. John felt nauseous and hollow in the face of Sherlock’s reaction.
Violet got to her feet and ducked behind one of the heavy curtains, cupping her hands around her eyes so that she could see out into the blackness of the grounds. “Thought so. There’s a car coming down the hill. Who the hell could that be at this hour?”
Murdy wriggled in her seat, looking irritated. “I’d rather stick pins in my eyes, but I expect I will be,” she said darkly. “Petty says I’ve got to.”
John stared at him, more than a little bewildered. He could probably count the number of times he had heard Sherlock swear (in English at least) on one hand. And each time the man had been beyond frustration or in considerable pain.
“It’s not proper sand. It’s brick dust. You’ve seen most of the buildings round here. They’re stone, granite mostly. There’s only a couple of buildings in Hilderbogie made from red brick. One of them’s the post office; and the other’s the police station.” She rocked back on her heels, digging her hands deeper into her pockets. “The post-office has had some repairs to the chimneys recently. I reckon that box was somewhere round there, for a while anyway. Not in our shop.”
Patrick stepped out into the hall and took a closer look at George’s sweating face. Unlike Basil, he seemed to get to the root of the problem immediately, and nodded unsmilingly at John.
As he was pulled carefully to his feet, Sherlock took in the other two men who were quietly waiting. One stood just inside one of the double doors, taking a sidelong glance down the hallway. He was a pale, bald, bland faced man dressed all in dark grey; biceps bulging hugely even through his thick jacket. His expressionless face was dappled with a considerable amount adult acne. Clear signs of steroid abuse.
“Ohhhh….” Murdy said slowly. “Oh, I see now. Quite clever, really. He must have given her a bigger dose of the poison than the others. He didn’t really intend to kill all of them; but he wanted to throw people off the scent. He wanted her to die, and have it look like she didn’t survive because she had a drinking problem. When in actual fact, it was because she’d had a bigger dose than the others. She does have a damaged liver, but it’s because of the larger quantity of poison; not because of alcohol.” she glanced thoughtfully down at Reverend Duncan. “Am I right? Did you put a bit extra in her glass or something?"
“I believe that I see you just how you are, John.” Sherlock’s so close now John can’t see his face properly. But he can hear the rawness in his voice. “There’s a special kind of beauty in broken edges, you know.”
“Because…” John moaned, and gasped as Sherlock’s cock slipped between his thighs, the tip slick and startlingly hot as it pushed up behind his balls. Sherlock tightened his arm around John’s chest and stopped grinding, just letting the motion of the train move his hips in a gentle yet persistent motion. “Because… oh, god, Sherlock. I love you. I want you inside me… just, fuck, in any way possible. I want to… I want to let you inside me. You’re in my head, have been for
“It is not your bloody fault, Sherlock. Possibly you could have handled the situation with a bit more finesse, but you didn’t deserve to be manhandled or slandered. You bruised his ego, and he acted like an utter shit. Those are the bones of it.”
(Never mind that you always start swearing like a sailor with Tourettes at the mere thought of him kidnapping you yet again. What are the odds that he’d find someone who’d actually
“No, they are not. So don’t make the mistake of calling her a librarian. Also, you are absolutely not allowed to fall in love with her, sleep with her, marry her or anything like that. Agreed?”
He patted Mycroft cheerfully on the shoulder and watched him begin to walk down the gravel path, surrounded by the strange shapes of the topiary. He hesitated briefly, warring slightly with himself before calling out: “A word to the wise, Mycroft!
“Excellent deduction. Yes, it’s me.” John smiled, leaning a little closer. “You’re going to regret it if you decide to sleep down here. You’ll go mouldy. Or you’ll wake up covered in moss or aspidistras or something.”
Between them, John and Sherlock manhandled the feebly protesting Marmaduke into the ancient coal store that was attached to the back of the disused scullery. As Violet seemed to prefer wood fires there were only a few pieces of coal left in the corners of the narrow outhouse. John was pleased to see that the room was incredibly chilly, heavily swagged with ancient spider webs and coated with a thick layer of coal dust. Despite his temptation to leave George in there with nothing but his own thoughts, he forced himself to make a return trip with a blanket, a bottle of water and another bag of frozen peas. He passed these to a very sulky George through the tiny glassless window. Sherlock looked inclined to protest at this lenient treatment, but managed to restrain himself from confiscating the supplies.
Petty smiled wrily. “I suspect the stock has. But you’re right; Dad’s always liked the place like this. We’ve had to replace the freezers in the basement and get a new coffee grinder but those are about the only changes in the last fifty years.”
“Indeed. I spoke to the director of the museum this morning, incidentally.” Mycroft murmured. “He told me of how you came to work there.
“Not the only one.” Violet pointed out, handing him a fragrantly steaming cup of tea in a hand-painted cup. “Still no sign of Patrick. I was beginning to wonder if I should go and help him get up.” she murmured, with a thoughtful little smile.
Sherrinford, on the other hand, was thoroughly enjoying having Violet as his right-hand woman. She would join him for coffee mid-morning in his office, and update him on her work with the latest collection Mrs. Holmes had allowed her to survey. They would chat about his work on the estate, and about the latest gossip from the surrounding areas. Sherrinford found himself with a confidante for the first time in many years, and he eventually told Violet about his worries for the future of the land, and the pressure he was receiving from his mother to marry.
The sight of the blood stained footprints had shaken him to his core. His yells echoed through the darkness, faintly repeating through the mountain passes. The only reply was the whisper of the breeze, streaming through pine branches and gullies. He suddenly felt colder than ever, standing staring into the darkness.
to spend any time with Sherlock because you’re a terrible influence on him, and when I inevitably leave him he’ll fall under your spell and relapse.”
The first two stared beadily at Sherlock and John as they approached, over folded arms. The other girl merely glanced over the top of her book before resuming her reading.
“John, we need to go into the village at once,” Sherlock called, appearing in the carved stone doorway of the library. The detective had taken the time to throw on some clothes before coming in search of John, and he was still buttoning his shirt cuffs as he entered the room. He paused briefly and frowned as he took in the album on John’s lap, but didn’t comment on the photograph on display.
Sherlock nodded a little shakily, and placed his hand over John’s. “I- you, too. That. What you just said. Yes.”
“Dull. Waste of time, going to the barbers.” Sherlock pointed out, not looking up from the book. “Don’t like it.” He added a second later, his voice toneless.
But Harman believed in keeping his cards close to his chest, and he never divulged anything useful enough. I think that he was worried I was going to set myself up as a rival; that I would attempt to usurp him at some point. Eventually I convinced him that I had Irish republican sympathies, that I wished to further the cause. That I wished to get in touch with the leaders of this splinter IRA group, and to help them with their cause.
“Mm.” Sherlock hummed contentedly, then inhaled sharply as John slipped his hand up under the hem of his shirt. He huffed a laugh as John poked the tip of his index finger into his navel. “I think, however...”
And with that, Sherlock closed the narrow gap between them, and kissed him firmly on the mouth. John started slightly, his mind reeling. He hadn’t been prepared to try this again so soon. He forced himself to stay calm, reminding himself to let Sherlock set the pace. But Sherlock seemed more sure of himself now, running his hand up John’s chest under his shirt and coming to rest directly over his heart once more. He ran his fingers idly through the hair on John’s chest while he kissed him, again and again.
Violet nodded gloomily. “Amongst other things. He was frankly a bit of a sex pest, I’m afraid. The atmosphere was getting quite toxic – everyone knew that he had some kind of relationship with Sandra. Yet that didn’t stop him trying it on with Hilary on a regular basis, as well as with me more than once. He actually slept in the little annexe to the studio, not in the house. He couldn’t pay the fees so I felt alright about having him sleep out there.  I felt better with him out in the garden rather than roaming the hallways at night.”
Sherlock threw John’s jacket at him in the hall, followed by the familiar dark blue scarf. Shrugging into his own coat, Sherlock gently opened the front door and peered out. At the end of the gravel path, the wooden door into the street was closing behind Patrick Singh with a dull thump.
“Oh, hell. Alright.” John said, powerless in the face of Sherlock’s hopeful expression. “She better not be serious about the crampons, though.”
looking man, John thought – medium height, medium build, with a blandly good-natured face that one would struggle to describe after any time apart. His accent was similarly vague; rather nondescript with only faint traces of London and Lancashire, as Violet had described. When he pulled off his knitted hat, his hair was neatly trimmed and a completely unexceptional shade of light brown. His round blue eyes opened a little wider at the sight of John and Sherlock and he smiled a little uneasily at them.
“Are you two quite finished gossiping like teenage girls?” Sherlock queried with exaggerated politeness, moving towards the east side of the house, where the kitchen door was situated.
. She does loads around the parish; she’s on every committee there is and visits everyone in Hilderbogie who needs any kind of help. She keeps the vicarage so clean you could eat your tea off the lino. There’s never a weed in the gardens and she grows tons of vegetables to give away to people. You can’t tell me she’d manage all that and hide a serious drink problem at the same time.”
Hilary tutted at him in an affectionate way as he disrupted his pose. “Oh, Basil sweetheart! Really! You’ve quite... ruined the pose now.”
“Shut up, you maggot.” Violet exhaled lazily, propping her bare feet up on the side of the boat. “I just had to listen to bloody Philip Glass, and did you hear me complain? No I did not. So you can damn well lump it.” She passed the joint over to Sherlock, who took it from her with a faint scowl as he returned to his end of the rowing boat.
“Nothing.” Sherlock muttered, tightening his arms around him a little. “It’s… it’s a good face, that’s all. It’s my favourite one.”
“They stole several metres of wire, hiked miles through the snow after us and attached it to this tree.” Anthea informed them in her usual blasé way. “They are in fact the reason we were able to ascend at all. More ice coated the slope during the night and even I was having considerable trouble climbing up.”
At this point, the sound of Violet’s shoes suddenly became audible from down the corridor, mixed with the unmistakeable sounds of bickering and giggles. Sherlock appeared a moment later, laden down with an armful of dusty logs and a dusting of melting snowflakes in his hair. He dropped the firewood into the empty basket on the hearth with a clatter and collapsed on the hearthrug. His cheeks and the tip of his nose were glowing with cold and he shuffled closer to John and the flames moodily.
“You see? And it’s a heady thing, to imagine that you mean so much to such a person. And he… he’s strange, and so intelligent and he can be so funny and charming….” Patrick broke off, looking wistful. John tried not to look incredulous. “It’s hard to put into words. But for me, when he’s in the room… everyone else seems to fade away. I felt like he could read all of my thoughts… and I didn’t mind it. In fact, I loved it. But I just can’t keep
On some level, John filed this tiny piece of information away, and continued quietly. He felt extraordinarily daring, talking like this to Sherlock – he would never have attempted whispering dirty talk while watching any of his previous partners masturbate, not this early in the relationship at least. It was
“I… I let him tie me up. He obviously wasn’t skilled at knots, and I knew I’d be able to slip free easily enough if necessary. At first, I thought it would merely be unpleasant, but bearable. He pinned me down on the carpet, called me some rather juvenile names and slapped me a few times. I don’t think I reacted in the way he wanted, though. And he became more forceful. He took off his belt and hit me with that. He pulled my hair while I performed fellatio on him, and tore some of it out at the roots. He then proceeded to penetrate me without protection or preparation, which was… difficult. I began to struggle, which seemed to please him. He bit me several times. He evidently realised that I was attempting to slip the knots on the cord around my wrists, and produced an unfortunately sturdy pair of handcuffs. The whole ordeal lasted around three hours, after which he unlocked the cuffs, handed me a glass of vodka and left me alone to get dressed. He seemed to believe it was a satisfactory experience. He… he slapped me on the back on the way out the door.”
Mrs. Duncan’s eyes widened a little and she shook her head determinedly. “Of course not! I’m entirely sure that the whole business has been a terrible accident, Mr. Holmes.” She seemed more than a little shocked at the mere suggestion. “Nobody in Hilderbogie would
Mrs. Holmes began to draw conclusions about the number of letters Violet had posted and received over the last few months. She looked across the table at Sherrinford, perhaps expecting to see the signs of confusion or jealousy.
“A substantial amount showed up in the toxicology reports for both Freddie and Sandra.” Sherlock explained, wiping down a couple of pencils and using them to delicately unwrap the plastic. Inside the green wrapper was a clear cellophane envelope, containing several greyish brown pellets; each one was around the size of a peanut.
John slid into one of the mis-matched chairs at the table, where a disgruntled-looking Sherlock joined him a moment later. Once Violet had flipped the switch on the kettle, she carelessly discarded her coat on the other end of the table, revealing a figure-hugging dress in an eyewatering shade of pink. It clashed magnificently with her red hair and shoes.
The older girl couldn’t have been more than fourteen, but the sharp look she levelled at John and Sherlock was oddly adult. She was tall and lanky, and her long shaggy hair fell heavily into her large dark eyes. Rather uncharitably, she rather reminded John of a grumpy Shetland pony.
“You know I don’t know what that means.” Sherlock lied, lengthening his stride and lessening the distance between them. John hummed and shrugged, and carefully stepped around a small child on a scooter coming in the opposite direction.
“said Phyllis rapturously. “I honestly don’t know how you do it. You should open a cookery school as well as a painting school.”
“Yes indeed, brother mine. Is there an end to all this in sight?” Mycroft sighed, reaching wearily for the wine. “Mr. Singh, may I offer you some more?”
“The binoculars, John.” Sherlock pointed out, with exaggerated patience. “Rather an odd item to keep on a pub windowsill. Large, rather expensive pair. It would be foolish in the extreme to keep such an expensive item sitting out in the public area during opening hours; even in this supposedly honest little village things can go missing. No, the binoculars are on that particular windowsill only during the hours when the place is closed.”
She shrugged. “It’s not as if I drive it, and Mr. Brodie uses a jeep round the farm. I won’t come with you, though – got some things to do here.
“Do not speak to me of such things, please.” Sherlock muttered, looking more than slightly appalled. “Where’s the tonic water?”
“Will you do it again?” John asked, probably a little too eagerly. He wriggled up the bed a few more inches, so that his head was level with Sherlock’s.
“She didn’t arrive until after the others collapsed.” John assured him. “She knew not to drink the tonic water.”
“We just got a little ahead of ourselves, alright?” he said gently. “My bloody fault, really. I did tell you to hurry up.”
Murdy looked like she was very much inclined to argue, but Mycroft was already leading the way back to Mr. Brodie’s jeep; beckoning impatiently for John and the others to follow him. John couldn’t think of anything to say beyond “I’m sorry, Murdy. We’re going to find him and we’ll be back as soon as we can, I swear.”
“This is terribly bad form, Mr. Holmes.” Patrick was saying, with a great show of sternness. “Honestly-“
“I know. People used to call me that too. The nuns told me I was unnatural, that there was something wrong with me. They put it down to an excess of original sin.”
. You’ll lie there panting as your body relaxes enough to let me inside, little by little. Eventually I’ll slide my finger in far enough to reach it, but until then I’ll be kissing your balls, sucking you off until you’re right on the edge-“
“Well that’s something, at least.” John remarked drily. “It would have been terribly embarrassing if you had been done in by an
On a nearby slope, a group of slow-moving dark shapes were silhouetted against the blinding snow. John watched them out of the corner of his eye as he focussed on the road ahead, slowing down as he got nearer and nearer to the group. He stopped the car altogether on a small stone bridge as the deer appeared, and switched off the engine. It wasn’t as if they were going to block any kind of traffic.
“Every time I resolved to put it behind me, to just... stop.... she would do something. And it might not be anything more than smiling at me, or sitting on the arm of my chair when there was another seat free. And I’d just fall again, you see. I’d never met anyone like her before. There was just something different about her. She was a bit wild, and sort of...brave. In a way. But I hated seeing her with Garcia. I mean-“ she finally raised her eyes to meet John’s, with a kind of damp defiance. “He... he wasn’t a very nice man really. He wasn’t nearly nice enough to her. He made her...do things. Awful things, really, Doctor Watson.” Her face crumpled a little.
The smile that slowly inched across Sherlock’s face suddenly made it even more difficult to speak. John contented himself with pulling the man down onto the bed and kissing him thoroughly, the Walther still clutched in his fist as he wrapped his arm around Sherlock’s waist.
When the baize door to the kitchen swung closed behind her, Katy sighed a little and reached for the salt. “Sorry, everyone. I’m sure Violet will make up for this tomorrow. She’s better left to her painting just now; I’m sure you all understand.”
“Mary, just tell us where they are!” John hissed, his hands aching from the way he was gripping the table edge. He forced himself to look up, to take in the agonised bow of her body. “There’s no point in this!”
of who I was before I came to Scotland, Mycroft. But I was desperate and scared a lot of the time. When I came to the UK, I was trying to make a fresh start. Meeting your brother was the best thing that had happened to me in years. Possibly ever. I know you think I was a bad influence on him, and you know, maybe I was. A bit. But I didn’t mean to be.”
Violet shook her head. “I really don’t think so. Hilary and Basil have been an item for quite a few months, I think; and frankly she’d be too clever than to mess about with Garcia. Basil is extremely well off, and is the only son of Lord Montague of Elgin. I have an idea that she worked long and hard to get into Basil’s good graces and she damn well won’t let go of him until they’re well and truly married. I don’t think she’d risk everything she has with Basil for the sake of some fun with a bit of rough like Garcia.”
Violet seemed to relax slightly, and leapt from the cab with a theatrical swirl of her beautiful blue coat. After paying the cabbie and tipping him outrageously, she pushed the unlocked door open and led them inside.
“Oh, do shut up Hilary.” Katy snapped, and rolled her eyes at Hilary’s injured look. “I’m quite sure that Violet will want to get back to preparations for dinner. Why don’t we all just leave her to it, eh?”
Brief, stabbing pain in his upper arm. The pressure of impatient hands, pressing against him, pushing and pushing harder. Idly, he wondered if they would sink right through his frame. His skin felt like warm plasticine, weirdly and horribly elastic. He could feel it moulding, forming deep impressions around large brutish hands.
“Why should I care what she thinks?” John stared up at Sherlock in surprise. “She’s a miserable harpy who obviously disapproves of everyone and everything.”
“Not the same brand, though.” John said taking a look at the glass bottle that Sherlock was now holding up to the light. It was an unusual shape, large and flattened at the front and back. The neck was tightly stoppered with a cork and sealed with red wax. The fancy label attached to the neck with string read
John found himself staring at that hat, on some level marvelling that it was the same one she used to wear when they took walks in the park in chilly weather. Back when he thought he knew her, when he trusted in the person she appeared to be. Her face was anxious, her eyes wide. The sight of her provoked a sick, dull ache in his heart.
“Oh.” Patrick said, his expression suddenly shuttered. He nodded, and glanced around; looking anywhere but at Mycroft. “I see. Well, your brother is over there by the bar. Excuse me, I might just go and get some air.”
“He’s a dreadful lightweight.” John mused. “He’ll be cross when he remembers lisping in front of us tomorrow.”
“I reckon I need to have a think about this.” John said quietly, after a long moment in which he diplomatically said nothing about the last statement. “It’s… quite a lot to think about.”
“I know, you daft git. It was sort of, um, nice of you. Patrick obviously needs a spot of cheering up.”
He looked meaningfully at John. “That particular windowsill is underneath the only set of blinds with a tear in them. Admittedly, the overall décor in the pub is shabby; but the ripped fabric of that particular blind stands out. The upholstery on the seats is worn, but not in disrepair. The furniture is old, but it has been properly mended when necessary. Why would Mr. Jameson leave a hole in the window blind?”
“I’d… forgotten. She told me off, and didn’t allow me any pudding. I was so cross, because it was an accident.” she said, a little wonderingly. She frowned slightly, obviously thinking hard. “The dye. You figured out that they’d been on honeymoon in Galway because of the dye.”
John grasped the lapel of Sherlock’s coat as he made to follow them and hauled the detective close enough to hiss in his ear “What’s the plan?”
He tried his mobile, then scowled at the predictable lack of reception before lifting the receiver of the old-fashioned rotary telephone on the desk. After dialling 999, he rolled his eyes and drawled “Yes, police. Well, only the police so far; I’ll keep an open mind about the need for an ambulance….”
“Can we look under the shawl?” Murdy asked. “It’s just…” she tailed off and frowned. “It’s just… I think I know what’s underneath. I mean, that particular doll.”
Patrick leapt into the snow-filled boat and grasped Murdy’s hands, lifting her out of the depths with ease.
Her tone was almost conversational, but something in her eyes frightened John in a way that he would have been unable to put into words. Violet was intent, bending over Mary and looking into her watering eyes unblinkingly. He had always been aware that Violet had dark corners. Her breezy, cheerful, occasionally scatty personality was something that had always charmed him. But on occasion, he had wondered just how much of it was truly
Around twenty feet below him, on the chequered black and white tiles Basil Montague was standing almost nose to nose with George Marmaduke. Basil’s usually good natured, blandly handsome face was flushed and his fists were clenched. Marmaduke was grinning at him in an inane fashion, clearly finding Basil’s ire highly amusing.
“Trying?!” Katy sniffed. “It certainly is. It's like cabin fever. Hilary seems to be avoiding Phyllis for some unknown reason, but I suppose that’s an improvement, if anything. But that bounder Marmaduke has just been making some filthy comments about the sub-continent in front of Patrick. Basil is barely saying a word to anyone, I think the strain is getting to him. The sooner we can send them all home, the better.”
Mycroft dropped his cigarette into the snow at his feet, where it extinguished with an audible hiss. “Thank you so much for the kind offer, Violet. I will have to decline, though. Sherlock; John – I will see you both back in London soon, I have no doubt. Goodnight.”
“You were staying with the Queen?!” Griz said, looking faintly impressed and thankfully distracted from this line of questioning. “I hear she’s a wicked shot.”
Violet and Patrick were still in there; surrounded by the scattered remains of a large afternoon tea, many discarded sheets of paper and a miscellany of art supplies. Violet was no longer working, although she obviously had been busy – a canvas gleaming with damp paint was propped on her easel. She still wore the pale green dress she had on from that morning, and she was curled up in an old chintz armchair with her chin in her hand. She was watching Patrick avidly.
“Not sure yet. No trace of any substances on the paper.” Sherlock edged forward, and gently picked up the parcel. He sniffed fussily at the paper, which caused John to squeeze his eyes shut tightly in horror at the idea of what he might be inhaling.
“You know I hate repeating myself, John. I only want you. I only want to share a bed with you. I only want to have sexual contact with you. I have no interest whatsoever in Patrick Singh. The man runs around pretending to be a vampire at night, for pity’s sake!” he added, incredulously.
“Oh don’t be so melodramatic, John!” Sherlock sighed, edging closer to the package. “We don’t even know if it’s a bomb at all, do we?”
to poison her. If I lived up here all the time I might have given it a go myself.” Violet said darkly, pouring more coffee into Sherlock’s cup. “Poor Mrs Duncan is a fairly blameless individual, if a bit obsessed with the Almighty.”
“She’s pleased that I’m here so I can sort out this mess. Which I will, it’s the least I can do for her. But that won’t change what I did, John.”
Rosie grinned at him, revealing her small sharp teeth. “Brilliant, Sherlock!” she remarked; rolling the R’s and delivering crisp sharp S’s.
“He’s not into a spot of bird-watching, then.” John murmured, gazing back at the pub window and the dark gap of the tear. “Not overlooking the village square.” he raised an eyebrow. “Peeping Tom, then?”
Murdy nodded. “Definitely. The police don’t seem to believe that there’s enough evidence to arrest my dad, so I reckon someone wants to add to it.”
“We knew you’d have to go down the slope and that you’d never get back up here easily.” Griz said, a little more calmly. “So we went and found the nearest deer fencing and unravelled it.”
John thought about this while he drank some more whiskey, his burning eyes closed. Did it really matter? Or would it keep him awake at nights, agonising over who Mary had chosen to take to her bed? Whomever she had chosen instead of him. He shook his head angrily at the images.
“Have you had any trouble from people in the village?” John asked curiously, as Sherlock dodged around to view the shelves from a variety of angles.
Not deliberately, no. Of course not. And it wasn’t as if John hadn’t drunk to excess or smoked the odd joint as a teenager. But if you introduced someone like Sherlock to such pleasures, someone who certainly had all the hallmarks of an addictive personality; could you be held accountable in some way? Could the cannabis have acted as some kind of gateway, the first steps of the path that led towards the cocaine?
“Mrs. Duncan! Alice Duncan?” John shouted, cupping his free hand around his mouth. There was no response, only a brief flurry of wildlife in a small thicket of bilberries nearby. “Mrs. Duncaaaan!”
“Hm. Through the mountains, eh?” Violet observed, bending down to look at the maps. “Good point, although it’ll be getting trickier as the time passes. The snow isn’t letting up at all; I haven’t seen it so heavy in years. I… I think it might be getting past the point where they can take Patrick to Aberdeen.”
Katy seemed momentarily lost for words, but after a few seconds she smiled grimly and with admirable aplomb at Sherlock. “Why don’t you tell everyone, Mr. Holmes? I don’t mind.”
“Um… no.” John said truthfully, with a half-grin. “Not really. Especially when I get to look at you spread out like that, and you look at me like I’m some kind of miracle. Like
“Oh, and one more thing-“ Sherlock paused on the threshold, one foot in the snow outside, He seemed to remember something. “I’d consider buying some slightly heavier curtains if I were you….”
He had no doubt that the family had resumed their business, albeit in a reduced capacity. The man with the terrible blonde hair was clearly not well acquainted with his companions; theirs was clearly a union of convenience and necessity. The shipping container that held the human cargo had contained a wealth of evidence that indicated it had come from Turkey. However, the handful of victims that Sherlock had managed to talk to before they either went with the authorities or scattered to the winds like Hinata and her friend made it clear that it had merely been a stop along the way. They were a disparate group from several different countries. Some had become captives after being promised new lives and jobs. Some had been coerced by partners or relatives, or in some cases simply kidnapped while travelling. Many of them had no idea where they had been for a lot of the time. Most had been disorientated and traumatised, mistrustful of anyone who asked questions.
Sherlock was clearly about to argue, when a light switch was flicked in the study. Murdy’s voice was steady and clear as a bell when they heard her say: “Evening, Reverend Duncan.”
Without another word he threw himself after Murdy; his long arms cutting through the water as he kicked away from the bank. John nearly cried out at the sight; there were so many ways this could go so wrong.
He drifted in and out of consciousness as he was carried and dragged from the house. An indeterminate amount of time passed, marked mainly by changes in temperature and the light that filtered through his eyelids. Acute horripilation. Sound swirled around him, alternately discordant and soothing.  Snatches of an argument. Shouts and a sudden, jarring flurry of movement. He was disembodied, not quite floating but felt somehow that if his transport was propelled quickly enough through space, his mind would be left behind, a trailing comet.
She dropped the pile of garments unceremoniously on the floor next to the unlit fireplace and strode outside into the snow. After a moment, Mycroft turned and bent stiffly, picking up one of the heavy waxed jackets. John waited for a moment, before following Violet outside. He hadn’t the faintest idea of what to say to Mycroft. The man wouldn’t welcome platitudes or empty words; he saw through them before they were even uttered. John could almost feel how torn Mycroft was over the decision to go with Patrick to Aberdeen or to assist with finding Sherlock. The pained look in his eyes as he stood over Patrick had been a kind of revelation. John wished he hadn’t seen it.
“Oh certainly. There is so much atmosphere here, such a sense of history everywhere you turn. I particularly like the autumn here, with all the leaves drifting through the chilly grey streets. This is truly the city of Stevenson, is it not? I can imagine Mr. Hyde stalking through the early morning fog on the Meadows, returning home after a night of havoc.”
John watched Sherlock’s foot inch across the Turkish carpet and nudge Violet’s toes. She lit another of her black and gold cigarettes with hands that were not quite steady and inhaled deeply. She met Sherlock’s eyes after a moment or two.
