“If you keep acting up like this I will have to call someone. Where’s your human? Did he abandon you here because you’re broken?” The android pushed before he felt a sharp pressure change to his cheekbone. Sherlock had sent a flying punch to the other android’s face, causing him to stumble backwards a few times. The eyes of the android shone red.
After breakfast, they soon bid Mike good bye for now since he had to hurry back to the clinic and John started clearing up and Sherlock followed him closely behind.
“Wow...” John gasped to himself, seeing the large living room, a huge lit fireplace and a big chandelier in the ceiling. God he didn't belong here, not one bit. Mrs. Holmes giggled a little. “Come, come sit down.” She encouraged, helping John to the sofa and then plopping Sherlock down beside his new found friend. “Tea?” She asked and John nodded. “Yes, please, thank you.” John said and smiled a little, looking over at Sherlock. Sherlock smiled a little at John, leaning back onto the sofa. This was going splendid so far, in Sherlock's mind. Especially since- “Hello, John Watson.” Another voice said and Sherlock groaned softly, squeezing his eyes shut. There he was. The brother. John quickly looked to the side and smiled, standing up politely. “Yes, hello, you must be Sherlock's brother Mycroft.” John said and shook his hand. Mycroft smiled. “Correct.” He said and then looked at Sherlock. Sherlock gave him a look saying 'if you ruin this I will kill you with my very own hands', and hoped that that would be enough. Mycroft looked back at John and sat down into another arm chair, humming gently as he made himself a cup of tea. “Captain of the rugby team, am I right?” Mycroft said and John swallowed. “Captain of a rugby team hmm? That's quite impressive. My sons have never been much for sports.” Mr. Holmes smiled. John blushed. “Well... Thank you. And I think Sherlock did brilliantly cheering me on at the game last night. Don't think we would've won otherwise.” John smiled. Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I doubt my cheering helped you win John.” Sherlock said and John chuckled a little. “It was supposed to be a compliment, not facts.” John said, making Mrs. Holmes giggle a little once again as she handed the cup of tea to John. Sherlock blushed heavily. “Oh...” He said and smiled a little to himself. Mycroft rolled his eyes at his brothers behaviour. Mr. Holmes smiled. “I hear it's your birthday tomorrow John, and that you've invited Sherlock. I trust you will be keeping an eye on him.” Mr. Holmes said softly. “Father. I don't need anyone to keep an eye on me I can handle myself fine.” Sherlock objected. Mr. Holmes smiled. “Of course you can. And happy birthday a day in advance John.” Mr. Holmes said with another warm smile directed at John. John blushed, lowering his head and looking down into his teacup. “Actually... It's not a day in advance.” John said and shrugged. “It's... It's actually today.” John said and glanced back up shyly. Mrs. Holmes frowned. “Today? Oh... Oh! Why on earth did come to visit us then! You should be with your family luv. Oh happy birthday!” Mrs. Holmes said, moving to give John another hug. Sherlock sat, rather dumbfounded and looked at John. But... But Mike hadn't said anything. Neither had Molly. Maybe they had already congratulated him before Sherlock met John today. Mr. Holmes was frowning softly, and Mycroft was looking down at his cup, trying to keep his mouth shut. Once Mrs. Holmes was seated once more, John noticed all the upset and confused faces. “I'm... I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said anything...” John sighed. Sherlock shook his head. “Of course you should've. And I'm glad you did. Happy birthday John.” Sherlock said and placed a hand on John's. John swallowed and glanced up at Sherlock shyly. “Thanks.” He nodded. “You didn't bother going home because no one remembers your birthday there anyway.” Mycroft said when he couldn't keep himself from it any longer, his eyes directed towards John. “Mycroft!” Sherlock hissed, looking at his brother. Mrs. Holmes frowned. “Myc! What on earth are you saying! Don't be rude to our guest! It's not like you at all!” Mrs. Holmes said, slapping Mycroft on the knee. John sighed and squeezed his eyes shut. “It's fine, Mrs. Holmes. Really, it's fine. And well, he's right.” John murmured quietly. Both Mrs. and Mr. Holmes turned to look at John. Neither of them said anything for a short but agonizing moment for John, and he didn't know what to say either. Mrs. Holmes looked at her husband knowingly, and he nodded back. “Right.” Mr. Holmes said and stood up. “If it is your birthday, tea and biscuits won't do. We're going out for a birthday dinner.” Mr. Holmes smiled and smoothed a hand through his hair. Mrs. Holmes beamed and stood up as well. “Right.” She agreed with a nod. Sherlock smiled brightly at John, and even Mycroft did too, but John looked petrified. “What? No. Oh no, no no, you don't have to please I-” John said, standing up so quickly he managed to spill his tea all over himself. Sherlock stood up as well, putting a hand on John's shoulder. “Looks like I might have to lend you your shirt back.” Sherlock said with a soft smile. John groaned. “I can't! Alright? I can't let you take me out anywhere, I don't- I can't afford to go anywhere I don't have the money to-” “Well of course we would pay for you John, you don't have to pay yourself.” Mr. Holmes interrupted. John was panting now, quite worked up and upset. “No! No I can't allow you to pay for me it's not right I'm not worth it I'm-” John stuttered. Sherlock took matter in his own hands, and John's hand too for that matter. “We'll be back down in a little bit.” Sherlock said and began dragging John upstairs to his room.
those. There were those who reprogrammed androids to their needs, which is not even legal, for starters. Nor was it very moral since androids had evolved much quicker and were more human-like than people had first thought they would be. For better and for worse. Since they were so expensive, they were used in many establishments monitored by the government, such as hospitals, schools, laboratories etc. They were also used as personal assistants, and support for those suffering mentally. John was a clear candidate, and Ella had some pressure from above her, someone anonymous who kept suggesting a specific android that would be a perfect match for Dr Watson’s recovery.
Mycroft had observed them, of course, not leaving the kitchen just yet, trying to look busy making the tea. But Sherlock couldn't care less, and neither could John. After Mycroft had apologised, he didn't seem all that scary anymore. Of course John had a lot of respect for him still, but he felt like they could be a bit more open, and it was a wonderful feeling. John and Sherlock plated up what they wanted and then began reheating it in the microwave. “Tea will be done in a few minutes.” Mycroft said, walking past them. Sherlock nodded, staying close to John, just smiling at him gently. “Cheers Myc.” John said with a cheeky grin. Mycroft stopped in his steps and licked his lips irritably, but broke into a polite smile. “No problem, Watson.” He said and looked at John intently before leaving the kitchen slowly.
”Hey mate! What are we planning for your eighteenth birthday huh?” Mike asked as he ran up to John who was tossing the rugby ball from one hand to another. John shrugged. “I don't know, I don't really feel like doing anything special.” John sighed and looked at his friend. Mike frowned. “Oh come on, don't leave me and the team hanging! We were looking forward to a party or something, alcohol and everything!” Mike complained, nudging John in the back. John rolled his eyes. “You sound like a twat when you get excited about alcohol, what are you, twelve or something?” John said and rubbed a hand through his hair. It was a nice day outside and it was warm enough so that he only wore his tanktop. Across the hallway, he spotted a lanky teen with dark tussled curls. “Hey Mike, is that the new kid?” John said and nodded towards the lanky teen. Mike nodded. “Yeah, uhm, I think his name was Sherlock or something.” Mike said with a shrug. “He's in our parallel class though, I hear he's pretty smart.” Mike said and leaned against the locker. John looked over at him with a nod. “Pretty smart huh?” He said and smiled a little. “No one is 'pretty smart' in our school Mike.” He said and chuckled. “Only twats here.” John said and laughed.
“He does, does he now?” Mike smirked. Not open to them my arse, Mike thought to himself with a chuckle. The tips of John’s ears went pick and he cleared his throat as he plated up some eggs and sausage for Sherlock and Mike as well. Sherlock nodded.
“I… Sorry I’ll only be a moment… Sorry…” John apologised as he took Sherlock’s hand, leading him towards the upstairs bedroom where Sherlock’s loading unit was. He sighed as he closed the door, looking at a grumpy looking Sherlock, crossing his arms. “What’s all this about hmm? I know you don’t need my help to load, and you were glaring at Ella as if she had commited murder. Ella, is helping me, do you understand?” John said firmly and Sherlock lowered his head slightly, squirming shyly.
They all headed out to the biggest car, Mr. Holmes getting in the driver's seat, Mrs. Holmes sitting in the passenger seat, and the two Holmes brothers and John nestled in the back with John in the middle. It was a little awkward, to say the least, but John smiled gently to Sherlock, reassuring him that it was okay. Sherlock smiled back at John, blushing a little. He knew he would have to tell his father about everything he knew about John. About his abusive father, and the neglect of the rest of his family members. Sherlock didn't know too much about that, yet, of course. But the first priority was to tell his father about John's. John hummed a little to himself, oblivious about what Sherlock was thinking about right now. “So... John. Eighteen. Big birthday party tomorrow with friends. Sherlock's invited as well to my knowledge.” Mycroft began softly. John smiled up at him and nodded. “Mhm, my mate Mike is fixing the party at his place.” John explained and Mycroft nodded. “I would suppose there will be... drinks... women...” “Mycroft!” Sherlock hissed. John blushed. “Sherlock, it's okay. And yes, there will be both. But I assure you Sherlock will not have to drink a thing, I will keep an eye on him the entire party, and I won't get hammered.” John promised dearly, Mr. Holmes smiling to himself, glad to hear that. Mycroft nodded, sighing at his brother. “Alright. I suppose that will do.” He said and looked out the window. “But if something were to happen to my little brother-” “Mycroft! I don't need a babysitter!” Sherlock complained and Mycroft rolled his eyes. John couldn't help but smile and chuckle a little. He wished Harry was that protective of him, and he envied the brothers' relationship, even though he knew that Sherlock would do anything to shut Mycroft up for good. “Sherlock, it's okay. He's just protective of you. That's fine. And Mycroft, I will try my very best. Sherlock is still his own person and he should be able to enjoy the party in whatever way he likes, but I will constantly keep an eye on him to make sure he's alright. Will that be enough?” John said and Mycroft nodded after a moment of thought. “Yes. That will be enough.” He decided with a nod.
“Since you’re so iffy with calling me back, and could probably use some company seeing your scattered state at the shop, I decided to come to pay you a visit. I’ve brought breakfast, can I come in?” Mike smiled widely at his friend. John’s face somehow managed to both pale and grow rosy red in at the same time and he cleared his throat, swiftly swiping his tongue over his lips.
John closed his eyes, sighing softly. Even though they were having a wonderful moment, his mind was still clouded with worry. He wondered what would happen if his parents ever would find out. They probably would, somehow. It would be very difficult to keep it a secret forever. Because John wanted it to last forever, but he didn't dare to tell Sherlock that, in case Sherlock didn't have those thoughts at all. Sherlock frowned. “You're thinking too much again.” He said after giving John a moment to himself. “You shouldn't think so much, you'll get wrinkles all over your forehead.” Sherlock said and stroke his fingers over the gentle folds on John's forehead. John nodded. “Sorry, I'll stop.” John said quietly, reaching up to gently cup Sherlock's cheek and stroke it gently with his thumb. “I'm sorry.” He whispered and placed a gentle kiss on Sherlock's lips. Sherlock sighed and shook his head. “Don't... Don't be sorry, it's alright John, I just want you to know that you don't always have to think so much. Let you and your mind just enjoy what we have right now. I know it's difficult, it's difficult for me too. But somehow, with you, it's just a little bit easier than it would've been otherwise.” Sherlock said softly and smiled. John smiled and sank down into the bed, pulling Sherlock with him. “I agree, it is easier with you, definitely.” John said and smiled. “I will try not to think too much, and just enjoy the wonderful moment, how wonderful you are... How wonderful kissing you is...” John said, Sherlock's cheeks turning pinker with each sentence. “I- I think it's wonderful to kiss you too- and- and you are wonderful as well and-” Sherlock stumbled on the words. Oh why couldn't he get them out as beautifully as John did!? It was so frustrating! He let out the softest huff, not wanting his frustration to ruin the moment. But John was just smiling. He was always smiling. “Thank you, Sherlock.” He said and leaned forward, kissing Sherlock deeply once more.
I know the pacing and split-up of the chapters are a bit strange at the moment, hope to get into a better groove soon and I hope you don't mind it too much!
“Sherlock, you awake?” John asked softly and Sherlock’s eyes blinked open softly.
“Will… This make you happy?” Sherlock asked and John frowned a bit.
Ella watched curiously as John scanned over the file. There was an enclosed, slightly awkward picture, and his past experiences and ‘flaws’ were all recorded for complete transparency. John tilted his head after a moment, scratching the back of his neck.
“Really? I’m- helping?” Sherlock asked and John pressed out a smile and nodded.
“Hello sir, may I bring you something- Oh,” The android stopped. “Sorry, I mistook you for a human. Hello fellow android,” the man said and walked up to Sherlock who curled up a bit, making himself small. He was curious, but he was more scared than curious really. The android smiled. “Hmm, you’re not like us. You’re a different model. I’ve never seen anyone like you,” the android said and Sherlock shifted in his seat.
“It’s alright, if I get tired of it, perhaps you can carry it for me?” John suggested and Sherlock smiled quickly.
John said pointedly, Ella struggling to keep in a giggle. Sherlock shook his head, his curls bouncing freely.
“When… Mike was talking about that park, close to his workplace, I… I really wanted to go there… I thought… Maybe… If you’re not too tired… We could… Go?” Sherlock uttered the words slowly, apprehensively. He didn’t want to make John upset, not when the morning had gone so well so far. John smiled a little and dried off his hands, nodding his head.
“Hey, Sherlock,” John said softly and Sherlock spun his head to John, smiling softly again. “Listen, Mike is alright yeah? He’s not a threat, he won’t hurt you or me. He’s here to enjoy some breakfast with us. He’s very kind. He has a lot of androids working for him even he told me. He… Loves tin cans,” John said and glanced over at Mike before looking back at Sherlock. Sherlock tilted his head.
“Do you like being alone, sir?” Sherlock asked with a tilt of his head. John tilted his head back at Sherlock.
Thank you for reading! Hope you liked this whirlwind of a chapter as much as I liked writing it!
“Thank you thank you thank you, I’ll pay you back for this. I promise. I just need to rush okay?” John said and opened the door. He took Sherlock’s arm and gently lifted it, leading him inside. “This is Mike’s room, you’re going to stay in here and only in here while I am gone for a little bit okay?” John said and Sherlock nodded without looking at him, to him it was too much, too painful. Mike tilted his head.
Chapter 3 – At the Holmes'
“Oh don’t mind me! I’ll just be here, quiet,” Sherlock smiled over at Ella and John grumbled something unhearable beneath his breath. Ella cleared her throat now.
the same, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft straightened up a bit. “And furthermore, it says that Sherlock should not be left alone for long periods of time, especially with people he isn’t that familiar with. Is this a joking matter to you? I handpicked you Dr. Watson because I believe in your ability to rehabilitate Sherlock just as much as he’s supposed to rehabilitate
“It does I suppose, yeah, but a therapist is different alright? It’s okay Sherlock. She’s safe,” John said and took a big bite of his sausage. Sherlock tilted his head again, thinking about what John had said. John looked at Sherlock, seeing that he was deep in thought. “Sherlock? If you don’t want her to come here, I can go outside and meet her without you but I figured-”
“It’s a chocolate croissant. It’s pretty sweet and goes well with tea. I brought some for us,” Mike said, taking note that he had gotten one for himself and for John, but John had given Sherlock his and plated Mike’s up as well. “Seems John isn’t in the mood for sweets this morning,” Mike added and John blushed a little, clearing his throat.
John stayed in place for a moment, eyes scanning the file again.
The next day started like any other one. John allowed Sherlock to help with breakfast since he was so eager to learn things, and he thought it might be good as well. He still felt a bit bad about having a go at the android last night, so he was perhaps a bit more lenient today than the other days. John frowned though as he sat down by the table to enjoy the breakfast they had made, as he heard a knock on the door.
“I’m Dr. John Watson’s service android. I’m here to care for him in any way possible or rather that he’ll allow me to. I was sent by request from his therapist and-”
Chapter 4 – A nudge in the right direction
“Ready to go?” John said as he ran up to Sherlock. Sherlock smiled, pocketing his phone which he had been reading on. “Mhm, yes, ready.” He said and stood up, smiling at John. He was very nervous though, not sure how to behave. “Great, let's go.” John said and began walking towards where he knew his team was waiting. Sherlock nodded,  biting his lip as he started following John. “John... I... I'm not sure... how to act.” He said softly and walked up beside him. John frowned. “How to /act/? What do you mean?” He asked, confused, carrying his duffel bag on his shoulder. Sherlock blushed. “Well... I've... I've never been invited to this sort of thing... I'm not quite sure what to do.” Sherlock admitted, even though it sounded so very silly. John looked at Sherlock. He had never been invited out with friends? John felt a bit bad, but at the same time happy that he had asked Sherlock to come with him if that was the case. John chuckled a little. “Relax okay? We are going to the pizzeria, people will be laughing and having fun, we're going to have a bite to eat and then we'll  head home. That's all there is to it okay? You'll be fine. I promise. And if something feels wrong just tell me. You are my guest and I want you to have fun as well.” John promised and Sherlock nodded, feeling a bit reassured.
“We should probably think about going to sleep.” John said after a while of telly watching and crisp eating. “But it's Sunday tomorrow so we're not in too much trouble.” He said and smiled over at Sherlock. Sherlock turned to his side, fully snuggled up into John's bed now. “Hmm?” He said, actually falling asleep already which was rare for him. John chuckled a little. “Sorry, did I wake you up?” John said apologetically when he saw Sherlock all snuggled up. Sherlock smiled lazily. “Oh, uhm, just a little, maybe.” He said and cozied up against the pillow. John smiled. “You're silly sometimes. I thought you had trouble sleeping usually? That's what you told me at least.” John said, frowning softly. Sherlock blushed. “Well... Yes but...” He trailed off with a yawn. “Just.. so tired.” He said and John nodded. “It was an emotional evening, so it's understandable.” John hummed in thought, crawling out from underneath the covers to walk to his drawers. “Do you want to borrow some clothes to sleep in? That can't be comfortable, what you're wearing right now I mean.” John said and rummaged through his rather messy drawers. Sherlock blushed a little and nodded. “I'd... I'd like to borrow something, yes. If it isn't too much trouble.” Sherlock mumbled. John shook his head. “Not too much trouble at all. I just have to find something that isn't terribly big, unless you don't mind that?” He said and Sherlock shook his head. “I don't mind. Anything is fine.” Sherlock said and without much thought he began to wiggle out of his clothes underneath the covers. John didn't notice, continuing his search for clothes. He found some black soft and thin sweatpants for Sherlock and he picked out a pair for himself as well, not sure if sleeping in boxers and a t-shirt would be acceptable for the other. “Here.” He said and turned around, blushing when he realised Sherlock was wiggling around to undress. He tossed the trousers to Sherlock along with a t-shirt. “Will that be okay?” He asked softly and Sherlock nodded. “Perfect, thank you.” He said and John nodded, quickly turning around to give Sherlock some privacy. “You uhm, you can just drop your dress clothes on the floor...” He murmured.
He laughed. “No. What did you expect?” Hurt flashed across her face, but he didn’t care.
Sherlock swallowed. “I’m asexual, John.” That was surprisingly easier than he’d thought it would be. It helped that John was looking at him with such tenderness and kindness and none of the annoyance or pity that he’d expected.
“Me too,” John said, and his heart was a lot lighter knowing Sherlock wasn’t madly in love with Irene. The jealousy slowly trickled away, until it was replaced by a strange sort of euphoria.
Sherlock lifted his head, becoming aware of the salty tears on his cheeks. He glanced wildly around. John was nowhere to be seen. He frowned. It must’ve been real this time.
the lullaby?” She didn’t give any indication that she cared, so he picked that.
It only took them a few hours to get everything set up. Their brief lunch break consisted of toast. Sherlock wasn’t complaining. It was nice to be with John again, even if there still was an undercurrent of uncomfortableness. The time passed quickly, and by the time they were done the flat was nearly unrecognisable. The late afternoon sunlight glinted off the ornaments on their small tree. Lights framed the windows and rested atop the mantelpiece. John managed to produce a festive hat to put on the skull (Sherlock wasn’t sure where he got it) and the old reindeer antlers were dug out to place on the head on the wall.
John didn’t. “I get it. You need space.” He paused briefly before continuing. “Is it because of me?” The hesitant, pensive expression on John’s face almost made Sherlock reconsider the whole idea. Almost.
He tilts his head up, gives himself time to take a breath.
“That could’ve landed on me,” he said, scowling. “I dressed up just for you, and that’s how you show your appreciation?”
“I should go back tomorrow.”
“I need a case!” He stormed into the sitting room. Wiggins peered up at him in a haze. “Have I had any clients?” Wiggins shook his head. Sherlock opened his laptop and scrolled through his emails until he found a murder case. “Brilliant,” he mused, grinning at the email. “Would you like to be my assistant?” The case was far enough away that Lestrade, nor any of his associates at New Scotland Yard, would be there.
“You are a terrible person,” Sherlock hissed.
“Yes, he did. He said maybe we should discuss this privately. I’ve no idea what he thinks is happening.”
Sherlock whirled around back to Lestrade. “Really? We ‘always manage to work it out?’” He spit the words viciously, adding air quotes.
“Thank you,” Sherlock said. He reached for John’s hand. John gripped it tightly.
He emptied the syringe and then placed it in the bowl on the table. He crossed the room and sat on his chair, stretching his legs out. He imagined he could feel the drug flowing through his veins, travelling up to his brain. Ridiculous, of course, because he couldn’t actually feel it and besides, it would take at least a few minutes to start feeling the effects.
“You told me to forgive her!”
“This one left a note, though.”
“Goodnight.”
“No, thanks,” John said.
“See you, Sherlock,” Molly said when Sherlock turned to leave. “You’re doing a good thing for him.”
“On the table.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Fine, fine.” He picked up his violin and started to play. John watched him, walking to the bathroom.
Once he was on the plane, he pressed his fist to his mouth. The same one John had just been holding. He allowed himself to cry then, finally, silently. The rumble of the plane grew louder as it began to taxi down the runway. Sherlock watched as the three of them, John, Mycroft, Mary, grew smaller, wishing he could go back in time. He hoped the drugs would start to work more soon, to relieve him of this pain. He wasn’t sure he could do this sober. He wasn’t sure he could do this at all. Not without John.
It was not too late to say goodbye. Or to tell John the truth.
"You need to stop the blood loss. If you lose too much blood then you run a risk of going in to Hypovolemic shock."
John asked, and as always Sherlock gave. He lay all his truths bare for John to see. He told the story of two men, and their frankly ridiculous adventures, and he recalled how Moriarty had goaded him into jumping, or else the one man in the story would lose the love of his life and all those he held dear.
“As a doctor you should know better than to move. You could have sustained neck and spinal injuries.” Sherlock sounded as though he’d fared better than John. His voice was strong and steady, maintaining its usual clipped and know-it-all tone. The way Sherlock spoke simultaneously irritated and filled John with a warmth that made him feel safe. It was like an anchor, holding him steadfast. Despite the overwhelming urge to give in to the pain in his chest and pass out again, that voice managed to keep him alert.
"What do I do?" Sherlock asked, faking calmness in the tone of his voice. Inside he felt like screaming.
The incoherent question is muffled beneath the mask.
He took one more step forwards and that's when he saw it ; the flash and gleam of a knife shining in the dim moonlight pooling through the gap in the doorway. The hand of a local drug addict gripped it tight, twisting it viciously as a threat. A warning.
“No, Sh’lock, ish not.”
His mind had clouded over and he'd found himself beyond clarity and reason, returning to one of the less favourable drug dens that he'd frequented on a daily basis back in the day. That had been before John, and before the cases, and before he had anything to live for.
Sherlock was tired, so exhausted by trying to stay alive, and his eyes were beckoning him to sleep. A few seconds of kip wouldn't hurt, might make the process a little less painful even. His eyes fluttered shut and his entire body fell limp, pale fingers uncoiling around the useless material of his scarf.
After assessing his condition further, they gently manoeuvred him onto a stretcher, so he was now laid on his back. Despite how careful the paramedics had been the involuntary cry that left him was automatic, the shout of protest a borderline sob.
"Cold," he whispered hoarsely.
Sherlock was bleeding out. Dying. Alone. He was really dying this time. There was no wriggling out of this one. He wasn't dying for a noble cause, for his beautiful John, he was dying because he had wanted to drown his sorrows by pumping drugs into his system. And why? Because John didn't love him anymore, didn't even want him as a friend!
“Don’t start, Donovan. Now isn’t the time for your petty grievances.”
"Please what Sherlock? What do you want me to say?"
But that's when the unforgiving John Watson had settled and made a home in Sherlock's mind palace. Apparently it had been his minds way of coping, of preserving the memory of John. Only, now the voice had turned bad.
thing to do.
John shook his head. Pulled back. The tears were running freely now. "Don't you bloody dare say those words then leave me, Sherlock Holmes. Please. Just this once, don't be the bastard that breaks my heart."
He began to sob softly, noises escaping him that hardly seemed human. He wanted to erase the past two years. If he could he would have stopped his past self from "jumping" and would have gone to John and told him the truth. If Sherlock had had the chance he would have taken John by the shoulders and kissed him, all sensible thoughts about them just being flat mates flying out the window.
"Why Sherlock?" John grit out. The question wasn't filled with the same anger as earlier, but it was still borderline peeved. "I need to know why. Tell me."
John reached out to him, holding Sherlock's shoulders steadfast, as though trying to keep him grounded. He licked his lips in a way that let Sherlock know he was thinking deeply about what to say.
"I am not the one he will want when he wakes up,"
"S-s-s-sorry." Sherlock blubbered against John's coat jacket. " I didn't mean for this to happen. I…miscalculated. I thought perhaps I could refrain from this…"
The hands were unexpected and made him gasp and splutter. At first, he thought that Billy had returned to finish him off, but no - the hands on his face were kind and gentle. They rubbed against his cheek almost… affectionately. John.
A choked laugh. Disbelief. "Yeah, right. OK. No. I'm not falling for that kind of crap again. You think I'm stupid , don't you? Think I'll just fall for one of your tricks again. Not this time."
They were both complete strangers. At the same time they were still the same people beneath all of the pain, the hurt, and the lies. How could Sherlock possibly show that to John?
Sherlock didn't feel like going to 221B by himself, and John couldn't return to where he was staying because it was Mary's flat. They were both at a loss as to what to do now that it was just them.
John had advised them of the blood loss that had taken place the moment he'd made the call, and so they were prepared. They hooked him up to a large bag of blood. There was a moment where John had to hold his breath because they couldn't find a good vein, and the needle wasn't making an impact. But at last one of the older men on duty managed to get it in and the blood started to drip into the Sherlock's body.
John's fists clenched by his side. "Why? Why are you doing this? Sherlock has been in hospital plenty of times. You never showed up. You never cared before. Why now? Why after all those times are you here?"
"What are you doing?"
The warmth of a hand radiated near his bloodied lips. As air ghosted against it, Lestrade stated. “Poor sod is breathing, but only just.”
John grit out between short, ragged breaths.
"Mmm," Sherlock made a muffled sound into John's shoulder. "I know."
He didn't allow any room for arguments, or protests of "I'M NOT GAY". He swiftly closed in on those lips and pressed gently but firmly, not wanting to scare the man away, but wanting to convey his love for John in the gesture.
A moment passed and his breathing did ease slightly. The ragged breaths changed into groans of relief as artificial oxygen entered his system. The tension that had built up in his muscles ebbed away as he didn’t have to focus on the simple act of trying to take in air.
Within a second of stepping into to St Barts Sherlock had deduced his army background in his stance, and his sisters alcoholism in his mobile phone. If Sherlock said he had a punctured lung, he was almost certainly correct. That meant that John was in far worse condition than he’d initially anticipated. If he didn’t receive medical attention soon he would begin to deteriorate.
Continuing those tiny touches, his lips once again picked up pace. He became a little daring, and flicked his tongue between his cupid lips.
His long, slender fingers curled around the nape of John's neck. They lightly brushed that spot, feeling the tiny individual hairs that grew there. This induced an encouraging, borderline pornographic moan from the depths of John's throat. So he liked that? The sensual touch was what got to John Watson?
He can’t remember a time where he was so tired. He can barely hold onto a singular thought, as a fatigued haze gripped him. The appeal of slipping away from the pain and the exhaustion is tempting, but he doesn’t want to leave Sherlock alone.
"Sherlock," There was a pause down the line. John sounded a bit concerned now, almost like his old doctorly self. "Are you…crying?"
"Like I said before the phone cut off , your smartphone. Our first case, remember? The GPS system that helped track down the killer. I thought that it would lead me to you and it did. I found you and you scared me so much. I thought you were already dead."
“Sh’lock…friend…hnng?”
John was lifted onto the back of the ambulance and placed on a gurney. When he tilted his head to the side he saw the outline of another flat, padded table. The paramedics lifted a listless shape onto it. The shape is pink, and brown, smattered with a large amount of crimson.
Until now he’d been so wrapped up in assessing his own condition, he hadn’t realised how concerned he’d been for the welfare of his flatmate. The absence of said flatmate was felt even more deeply now that the man had spoken.
“I text Lestrade. The ambulance will be here soon.”
John looked like he'd been crying, eyes wet and bright. Sherlock wondered silently whether he had a minute left to spare. His felt like death barely warmed over.
“I’m not the one with the punctured lung.”
He managed to stagger out of the drug den, away from Billy and the taunt of the glistening blade, now covered in red. It was cold and beginning to rain, leaving the curly haired man shivering and moaning in discomfort. He slid down against a solid brick wall, the rough pain of the hard surface digging into him a pleasant relief compared to tight, pulling sensation in his lower stomach.
"What are you talking about?" John swallowed. He was fairly sure that he knew what Mycroft was saying, but a part of him still required further clarification.
"I should, um, attend to some important government business." Mycroft nodded affirmatively and began to spin on his heel.
The phone audibly clicked against Sherlock's ear. His hands were shaking, almost too weak to hold the device up. He heard an angry - scratch that - furious - sigh. John.
"Us?" Sherlock asked, looking at John with bleary eyes. John grinned and nodded at the doorway.
At first it was incredibly awkward because John's lips froze beneath his, remaining thin and pressed tightly together.
He'd watched John save people's lives time and time again, so he knew that he should know what to do in the case of a stabbing. This wasn't the first time Sherlock had been stabbed, of course. There had been his torture in Serbia, but he hadn't been alone back there. There had been a medical team waiting to save him, and his brother too.
"Sherlock? Sherlock? Are you OK?"
A woman spoke to him, words calm and firm. The familiarity of an oxygen mask slid over his mouth and nose. “Give it a moment, you’ll be able to breathe easier.”
"I don't need to know. I'm a soldier, remember Sherlock? I had bad days, and I'm certain you've had your fair share of bad days too, hmm?"
John was going to marry Mary Morstan. He'd moved on. Didn't love him anymore. Despised him. Had physically hurt him. The man was a doctor, should have seen Sherlock writhing in agony after he'd landed a painful punch on one of the fresher scars on Sherlock's torso, but hadn't. Or maybe he had and that had pleased him, given him some sort of twisted pleasure, knowing that he had caused his bastard ex-flatmate pain.
"Don't say that. Don't say it like I want you dead. I don't." John wrapped his arms around Sherlock gently, his thumbs rubbing patterns along the back of the great Belfast coat, not caring that Sherlock's blood was staining his clothes, not caring about anything other than getting as close to the injured man as possible.
John cursed inwardly as the conclusion that he’d been trying to avoid until now was voiced. He wanted to protest and state that Sherlock couldn’t possibly tell that his lung was punctured. He would have done, weren’t it for the fact the younger man was one of the most astute individuals he’d ever met.
Sherlock pushed the voiced down. Squashed it. Envisioned it trapped in a glass beaker deep, deep inside a locked room in his mind. He needed to focus. Needed to pin all of his attention on the real John Watson, his John Watson.
When first conceiving the plan to fake his death, Sherlock had not weighed up how guilty or horrible he would feel, or how much he would be letting John down by lying to him. The only thing that had gotten him through the dark times had been the thought of one day returning to John.
“Hmmpf, yeah, fucking great.” John’s eyes slid shut as he tried to concentrate on not passing out from pain.
As his lungs expanded and deflated he could feel them brushing against his injured ribs, accompanied by sharp acute pain that confirmed Sherlock’s diagnosis. With each inhale his chest seemed to tighten and squeeze around his heart. The beating organ was pumping blood abnormally fast, compensating for the lack of oxygen he was receiving. When the pain was nearing unbearable new levels he coughed instinctively. The sounds was wet and gurgled, reminding John of a bubbling brook. A moist sensation flooded onto his dehydrated lips. The distinctive metallic taste that came with it made him want to vomit.
The words from a week prior rose to the surface of John’s barely conscious mind. In a brief moment of unclarity, he thought he was lying unconscious in Afghanistan. A week ago that would have sent relief flooding through him, but that had been before he’d met Sherlock.
As John's fist clenched and collided with the table, he'd wanted to ask "a bit not good?" just like old times. Old John would have told him firmly, but affectionately "yeh, a bit not good." then the conversation would be over.
John frowned. "Yeah, that would be the blood loss, and the fact you've been sat in the bloody rain bleeding out for the past god knows how long."
John’s eyelashes fluttered, eyeballs flitting beneath cumbersome lids. Clumps of dirt had dried to the thick curls of his lashes, which added to his struggle to open his eyes. He was determined to prise them apart. Without being able to see he couldn’t decipher the extent of his injuries. Blinking rapidly, his hazel-grey irises came into contact with the sight of reddish, slopping wet clay.
But the future is what we make it.
Time can not be rewritten.
In that moment John and Sherlock were like strong magnets, drawn to each other, hardly able to keep their hands off one another. Both of them grieving and hurting for different reasons.
He was not nervous. He did not feel anxious about announcing his presence to John. He was certain of the solidity of their relationship. Two years apart would surely not change things. Perhaps things would be a tad…awkward. But things would be right with the world once more. It would be John Watson and Sherlock Holmes against the rest of the world, just as it always should have been. There would be a period of adjustment, then they would be solving cases together just like old times.
When he felt some of the tension leave him, he pushed forwards, towards the man himself.
Sirens blared from somewhere up above the clifftops, offering a beacon of hope. There was familiar
"No?"
Sherlock licked his lips, mouth suddenly dry. "The one and the only."
“Suction.”
He sounded quieter than before. Even through his own difficulties, the change was enough to worry John. He wished that he could voice his concerns, but between spluttering on blood he can’t speak.
It was a struggle but he just about managed it. The first sight he was greeted with was the standard green paramedic uniform, the colour reminding John of evergreen pine trees. The woman dressed in the uniform didn’t look much older than him, her long brown hair tied up in a high pony tail, kind eyes studying him.
Sherlock sniffled, his eyelids resting just for a moment, so that he was completely emerged in darkness, nothing but the sound of John's breathing filling his ears. He felt like ice. His blood was mixing in with the onslaught of rain water, gushing out of him like a red waterfall. He was so cold all of a sudden. Like the life was draining out of him quickly - almost as if he was already a corpse - ready to be poked and prodded at in a mortuary.
Before John could catch on to what he was doing, Sherlock had closed the space between them completely. He placed his humongous hands on either side of John's face, his thumbs caressing the tanned skin he found there.
"I'm sorry?"
John repeated, a fierce mantra inside his head. He was the selfish one for accepting. John wanted to absorb every drop of Sherlock, he’d been fascinated by his quick wit and ability to deduce whole worlds in the smallest things. He’d wanted it all.
In that moment he wished that they could switch places; that he could be the one doing the comforting. If he had the strength he would sit up and reach his arms around Sherlock and he’d pull him into a reassuring embrace. “I was selfish when I asked you to be my flatmate.”
He launched to his feet and stalked over to the red haired man. Mycroft was an intimidating man but John was a soldier and was not a bit scared of him. "I want you to go,"
As he walked through the entrance to the restaurant, he was not expecting to be so severely effected. That changed the moment his eyes sought out John. It was like time stopped, and so utterly taken aback was he by seeing him, that he was forced to take a step back and do a double take.
“Hell, if I know. If anyone could, he could, but that head wound…Jesus.”
"He's going to be OK?" John questioned in disbelief. He couldn't believe it. His heart felt ready to burst from its cage with joy and his legs threatened to collapse beneath his as he tried to process the feelings of shock - concern - elated happiness.
Sherlock didn't care about that at all. He couldn't bring himself to even care he'd probably broken Mary's heart. The fact was he was kissing John…and John was kissing him back. And that was the most wonderful feeling he'd ever felt.
“I think,” a small, breathless giggle escaped him.“We left OK a long way behind us.”
John thinks,
"Coming to get you. I might hate your guts right now, but I'm not going to let you die, just because I'm being stubborn."
John had told Sherlock to fuck off. Those words, so vulgar, so bitter, had torn through Sherlock like an actual bullet, leaving behind an awful ache and pull inside his chest where his heart was.
"Stabbed, in the gut. John, there's a lot of blood. I don't know what to do. Oh God. I just don't know."
Sherlock, with a sudden revelation that jolted through him like ice, realised that without John Watson in his life he really had nothing to live for. Years of fighting tooth and nail, with men bigger than him and more dangerous, and all to keep John safe, so that one day he might return to him. And now…now it all seemed rather pointless.
John blinked. Mycroft had never been so open and honest about his emotions. For a moment there John had forgotten that Mycroft wasn't a heartless devil in a suit. He'd totally skipped over the fact that Mycroft Holmes felt things… that he had a heart. Well, John supposed, of course he did. Both the Holmes brothers were human, and had the ability to love. They just had a bloody ridiculous way of showing it.
"Sherlock, I told you to fuck off. I mean it. I don't want to hear your bloody excuses. You hurt me. You lied to me. You…you cock! Not some pissy little lie, either. A big lie. You can't just turn up in a restaurant, on the day I was bloody going to propose to Mary, mind you, and expect me to take you back like nothing happened. Like I didn't watch you fall, didn't look down at your broken and crumpled body. It took me weeks to get the blood out of my hands. I thought it was your blood. Thought I was the one who'd spilt it from you, because I left to go check on Mrs Hudson and… give me one good reason why I should listen to a single word you have to say."
“Sherlock?” He was surprised by the roughness is his voice, like his words were made of gravel, scraping against the inside of his throat. He spluttered after he spoke, as more mud seeped into his mouth. The sudden movement sent a ripple of of agony across his torso. He had to bite down hard on his lower lip to stifle a yell.
This had apparently been the wrong thing to say. The boy's arm jerked upwards almost of its own accord, the sharp point of the knife edging its way closer to Sherlock. "How'd ya know my name? No one calls me Billy. Just my Mam and she's… she's dead. Only she gets to call me that!"
It was a bitter night. Sherlock didn't bother pulling his coat closed. He allowed the chill in the air to sink into his bones, making him feel as ice-cold as his caged heart currently felt.
"The problems of your past are your business. The problems of your future…are my privilege. That's all I have to say; that's all I need to know." John's facial expression was so full of compassion and open love that it hurt. It's painful to look at. Sherlock doesn't deserve that look. He's certain that he deserves John's hatred and resentment instead.
"You don't even know half of the things I've done over these past two years." Sherlock scoffed, though the sound is heartless, and holds little scorn.
Mary had left by now. She hadn't even been able to look John in the eye. Had just gotten into a taxi and left John and Sherlock to "deal with their demons".
Straining to listen to the conversation, John felt his stomach lurch with a sudden sense of dread. There was something terribly wrong. He should have listened to his gut instinct when he’d though Sherlock was lying about the state of his condition. He was a doctor, for fuck sake. He should have pushed past his own difficulties and done more.
So…without further hesitation…Sherlock took a tentative step towards John.
He ignored his phone when it bleeped.  It was Mary asking him where he was and Sarah rebuking him for not being.  John didn't care. Mary could wait until this nightmare was over. Sarah would just have to deal with one more day without him. Right now Sherlock was the only patient that John could bring himself to care about.
“Bad memories,” Sherlock said, not wanting to bring them up but desperately not wanting that song to be played.
Sherlock’s mouth fell open almost comically. “No, I wasn’t.”
“Sherlock.”
“Yeah, of course.” John swallowed. “I wish you had more time with her.” He stuttered a little, the words foreign in his mouth. Never would he have expected to wish for Sherlock to spend more time with Irene. But he supposed stranger things had happened. After all, he wouldn’t have expected to be sharing a bed with Sherlock either.
Until next time :)
John hadn’t moved from his chair when Sherlock returned. That was either promising or terrible, and Sherlock didn’t know which. “How are you feeling?” He crossed the room to stand by John’s side. In the faint light his eyes were reddened and tired.
Lestrade had, of course, seen them kiss already, but he immediately shut up about it and consequently never brought it up again afterwards; John suspected that Sherlock had said something. Rather rudely. Nobody else said anything either, whether negative or positive, which helped to put John at ease.
“Christ, you’re out of it,” John muttered. “I said, would you like a glass of water?”
“I can make my own decisions.” Sherlock’s voice was unnaturally tight, even to him. At that moment, he was furious. Mycroft didn’t, and wouldn’t, understand. How could he?
He wanted to laugh, would’ve laughed, even, but he couldn’t. Just couldn’t. He watched the life drain out of Mary and thought about how terrible it was. “Okay.”
“I didn’t want to look like a jealous prick.”
Once he finished, he went back into the other room. Sherlock was on the couch, sitting up. He almost dropped the teacups. Sherlock’s head was down, his hair messy. His arms were draped on his knees, his bare feet touching the floor. He looked absolutely beautiful. John’s heart ached.
*****
John didn’t follow him.
Sherlock brought the cigarette to his lips and inhaled, the smoke filling his lungs. It helped his hands to stop shaking, though it did nothing to get rid of the chill like he had hoped. He took another long breath, waiting for the pounding in his head to stop. The hollowness had spread to his lungs and heart. He hated it.
He went about the two days in a haze. He didn’t talk to anyone. It was possible that Mrs. Hudson had tried to talk to him. He didn’t notice if she did. The hours went by until it was too much to bear. He called Wiggins. Told him to come over.
“What?” Sherlock blinked at him. That was not at all what he had been expecting. He did want an apology, yes, but not necessarily for yesterday. An apology for sending him to the hospital might be nice. Or one for blaming Sherlock for Mary’s death (partially his fault, but he didn’t choose for her to jump in front of him so it wasn’t all on him). But he listened anyway, because it was John.
Sherlock was secretly pleased, now that he thought about it, that John turned it off. He didn’t particularly want John to leave. He didn’t protest again when John reached over and skipped it. After Christmas, then what? The holiday spirit put John in a good mood. Sherlock knew that. But afterwards? John might decide that he hated Sherlock again. It was a likely outcome. Tears suddenly came to Sherlock’s eyes, and he blinked furiously. His heart grew heavy, realising that John only had one more full day left with him. In less than forty-eight hours he’d leave. Sherlock didn’t even know if he’d see John again.
He furrowed his eyebrows. “I will, I always am.”
Sherlock raised his head slowly, turning it to see John standing in the doorway. His arms were folded. Mrs. Hudson was just behind him.
He was wearing an Arsenal sweatshirt and jeans. His eyes were open-didn’t see his attacker-and his hands were tucked under him, probably to break his fall. It was a kill shot. A bullet. The wound was the right size and shape, and Sherlock had seen enough gun wounds to recognise one. The angle that the bullet must have entered his body meant that whoever shot him was standing above. Sherlock looked up and scanned the rooftops, analysing the angles. He pinpointed it to several locations, depending on the angle of the man’s fall. The building on the right was decrepit, locked and falling down. Balance of probability suggested that the killer would choose an abandoned building, so Sherlock kicked in the window.
“Go to bed, Sherlock. You’re falling asleep.”
“Because you can stay here if you do,” Sherlock said.
Sherlock sat with a huff, keeping his eyes locked straight ahead. “What is it, then? Thought it over? Figured the kiss last night was adrenaline? That it never should have happened?”
“Stop that!” Wiggins’s terrified voice cut through the white noise in his mind. A fog cleared from his eyes. Sherlock looked down to the face of a police officer. He climbed off him carefully.
“We are on a date,” Sherlock pointed out. He gestured to the food, and the bench, and the water. “We’ve kissed, we’ve established that we’re in love. What more is there to it?”
“Merry Christmas,” John said, and hung up. He turned to Sherlock. Sherlock was smirking.
“If you mean in an actual miracle, then no, I don’t. But Sherlock, look what we did. We chose this. We chose this tonight and it started with your gift. We chose to be open, we chose to explore something. And look how it turned out. It turned out pretty damn well, right? So if we can choose that today, if we can choose that on Christmas, then we can choose it any day.” Sherlock didn’t make a sarcastic comment, which John took to mean he actually liked John’s little speech. “Anyways,” John said, after the silence stretched on for too long, “Goodnight, Sherlock.”
“I just wondered. How things were going, you know,” he said lamely. “And if there was anything I could do.”
“It’s Mary.”
“If you don’t want me to call you that-”
So, of course this case affected Sherlock personally. It affected John too, but John wasn't going to tell Sherlock that. They finally kissed, but now John's panicking. It definitely didn't help that Lestrade and other officers saw.
“I had to,” Sherlock said quietly. “You don’t-I’ve never said what happened to me whilst I was away, but you were the only thing that kept me from going insane. I don’t mean like in the movies. I mean that I probably would have shot myself for real if you weren’t waiting for me. Or worse. I don’t want to think about what I would’ve done. Don’t you see, John? I had to pretend you were okay with it, I had to expect you were okay with it.” That barely brushed the surface of what he had gone through when he was taking down Moriarty’s web, but he couldn’t talk more about it. Mycroft had forced him to go to a therapist for months after he got back, until he convinced everyone he was fine. And he was fine, now. He hadn’t deleted the memories, because they wouldn’t go away (annoying), but he’d locked them away so that they couldn’t hurt him.
“We can go back anytime,” Sherlock said. “I can get us another cab.”
“I’m sorry, John. I’m so sorry.”
Pain darted across her face. “Mom, I don’t-the reason this happened-” her breath was shaky. “It’s Dylan, Mom.”
“I love you,” John breathed, getting out of his chair and kissing Sherlock firmly. Sherlock closed his eyes, feeling John’s warm weight against him.
“I’m doing this because I care about you,” Mycroft said, his voice stiff. “I don’t like seeing you like this, Sherlock. Did you ever think about that?”
That was the wrong thing to say, but Sherlock had no power to argue. His body was shaking. His mind wouldn’t focus. His vision blurred in and out. “I don’t care what John thinks,” Sherlock managed.
“Oh, look, he’s awake,” Mycroft said coolly.
“I know.” His voice was lower than usual, gravelly.
Apologies for any grammar/spelling errors.
John came back, breath smelling like mint. Sherlock had to admit that it was a much more pleasant smell. He joined Sherlock under the covers. “So.”
“I don’t know what’ll be open,” John said.
“Then what happened?” She still seemed very skeptical.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. “I have no intention of actually listening to Mycroft. Our agreement still stands.”
“I suspected,” Sherlock said. “We saw him the day I stayed at your house.”
“Do you love him?”
“No.” John shifted slightly. “I need to say some things, more things, and you need to listen.”
“No, Sherlock. You didn’t. It was perfect.”
“I forgot you were here.” Sherlock raced up the first stairs he could see, bursting out onto the rooftop. Sunlight glinted off the windows nearby and he squinted. His stomach twisted and then dropped. He recognised the feeling, recognised the first signs of withdrawal. He turned away from the body on the ground and pulled the syringe out of his pocket.
John raised his eyebrows. “What did I do to deserve this surprise?”
“Obviously, you don’t know what John is capable of.” Sherlock remembered their first case together. John shot the cabbie, without any hesitation. He didn’t think John would shoot him, but now he didn’t know anymore. John didn’t even seem guilty for hitting him. Sherlock’s anger dissipated as quickly as it began, leaving him feeling hollow and empty. “I want him to be able to trust me again, but how can I do that when I don’t trust him?”
“Think. Use your Mind Palace.”
He didn’t leave his seat for a few hours until he dragged himself to bed and collapsed, well after midnight. Most of the excitement about the following day had drained, leaving him to curl up under his covers and try to sleep.
“You know. Go back.” John’s face flushed deeper red, part anger and part embarrassment.
John broke at that, letting out a broken cry. His shoulders shook in earnest. His fingers hurt where they gripped Sherlock. Sherlock immediately stood up and rushed over to his side. “It’s okay, it’s okay,” he murmured. “It’s okay, John.” Before he knew what he was doing, his arms were around John. It was an awkward angle. Sherlock was kneeling on the floor and John was still sitting in his chair. He was bent nearly in half, head resting against Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock heard the sounds he was making, those horrible, heartbroken noises. He wound his arms around John’s back, running his hand up and down. John shook violently, crying silently into Sherlock’s suit.
“That. Whatever you’re doing.” He waved his hand around weakly. “Trying to get to me. You win. It’s over.” Sherlock winced.
“We’re not really together anymore. I couldn’t do that, not after she lied. We’re still friends, just not...in love.”
Sherlock managed to fall asleep, but awoke to John’s footsteps on the stairs. Not wanting to see him, he pretended to be asleep. He made sure to keep his breaths even and steady, and his eyes closed tightly. His face relaxed. John must not know he was awake. He listened as John’s footsteps paused in the doorway for a fraction too long, and fought to keep up the image. Finally, John walked across the floor. He paused in front of the music stand. Oh, fuck. John was going to see the song, was going to see the title. He was going to know everything. Rather, more than he already did.
Pity. Sherlock hated pity. John wasn’t gay. John kept telling him that he wasn’t gay. Which hurt more than Sherlock wanted to admit. Sherlock was, in fact, gay. And there was a high possibility - okay, more than a high possibility - that he was in love with his best friend. Who was definitely, positively not gay.
Not a good reason, he knew, but he needed to see him. It had barely been a week without John. He thought maybe time and space would help but it didn’t. It was getting worse every day. He was getting worse every day.
“Sherlock. Look. Honestly, I’m very angry at you right now and you’re not making it any easier. Just explain. Or leave.”
“We’ll leave you to it, then, Lestrade. Molly, seven tomorrow morning?”
“Can I go home?”
“Oh, Sherlock,” Lestrade whispered.
“She’s asleep, so she either hated it or loved it. Come on, come help me with food.” Hopefully it was love.
He rolled over and checked the small clock on his nightstand.
“Let me go on the case tomorrow.”
“Yes?”
“What was it? Did you make a list?” Sherlock wordlessly handed it over. He made it every time he used, right before he injected. Lestrade scanned it and then crumpled it up. “Mycroft will want to see this.”
It warmed him up a bit though, and after a while he shut the water off. He got dressed quickly and walked out to the sitting room, flexing his fingers. Mrs. Hudson had left him a cup of tea on the table by the window. He felt a strange surge of emotion at the sight of it. He picked it up, curling his fingers around it, and sat down in his chair. One light was on. The fireplace was cold and empty. John’s chair taunted him from across the room. John should be in it right now, but he was somewhere else in London grieving his wife while Sherlock was grieving too.
“You do have a big ego,” John said when he finally grew serious again.
Shaking his head, John shut the door softly. “Sherlock?”
He had deduced the exact time and location of the funeral based on Mrs. Hudson’s departure, and it had started ten minutes ago. Sherlock had never been to a funeral before. He didn’t know what to expect. He quietly pushed the door of the church open. The lobby was brightly lit, and he quickly slipped inside. The doors to the sanctuary were open. The light inside was dimmer. Sherlock discreetly stepped inside and pressed his back against the wall, crossing his hands behind him.
“Oh, good, you’re alive,” Mycroft said, dryly. “You didn’t make a list.” He was disappointed. Sherlock glared at him. He raised himself into a seated position, head pounding. His ribs twinged and he pressed a hand to it. Out of the corner of his eye he saw John following the path of his hand.
He waited until he heard John’s door close, and then sat up. The music sheet was carefully replaced in its envelope. Sherlock looked at it. It had been shifted a centimeter to the right. He laughed to himself. John seriously couldn’t think he wouldn’t notice? He was Sherlock Holmes, after all. Unbidden, John’s face as he saw the music came to the front of his mind. His smile faltered, then disappeared. He filed the picture of John in the room of “Things I Never Want To See From John Again.” It was a small room off of John’s wing, and it broke his heart every time. John telling him he needed air. John calling him a machine. John’s voice on the phone when he was on the roof. John’s voice when he was lying on the ground. John’s speech at the funeral. John blaming him for Mary’s death.
“Sherlock,” she said, and he could tell she wanted him to say more, do something, anything, to help her know he was okay. But he wasn’t okay, he would never be okay again. He couldn’t bring himself to care what she thought.
At the top of the stairs, Sherlock took the bags from John. Their hands brushed. John made no effort to pull away. Sherlock set the bags in the kitchen then walked back into the living room to sit with John. John was in his chair, legs crossed. Sherlock flicked on the light on the table.
“Everything’s fine, it’s going to be okay.” His voice was rushed, unsteady. He turned back to the others. “Get an ambulance. It’s all right. It’s all right.”
And then, once he reached a reasonable solution, he got bored. John wasn’t going to apologise, and seeing him was certainly out of the question. He was still in pain, though it had lessened, and he wasn’t sure his ribs could take another beating. He figured the only thing that might clear the dark haze in his head was a case. He knew he shouldn’t, he knew he shouldn’t exert himself for at least three more weeks, but he didn’t give a damn about his health. So he shot up and went to check his email for cases.
“Nobody’s been in this flat besides us,” Wiggins said from beside the counter. “It was a hallucination.”
“I suppose,” Sherlock said, and tugged on his coat. John bundled up Rosie and strapped her into the carrier on his chest, following Sherlock down the steps.
“John, do not blog about this.”
“No,” Sherlock said slowly. “But it is what it is.” He tried to convey all his meaning into those words.
Sherlock spun around in the chair. He knew he looked terrible. His face was probably drawn and pale, his eyes bloodshot. “Yes?”
“A few clothes, some of Rosie’s toys.”
“In 1990, Michael Boothe was jumped in Elthorne Park and killed. Also for being gay. In 1999 the Admiral Duncan bar, a popular gay nightclub, was bombed. In 2000, ten year old Damilola Taylor was murdered in North Peckham Estate after being bullied and called gay. And in 2005, Jody Dobrowski was murdered at Clapham Common. Why? Because he was gay. So forgive me if I don’t want you to blog about this one, John. It hits a bit too close to home.” His voice was hollow and he barely recognized it. This was the first time he’d actually acknowledged his sexuality to John.
“Do you think you’ll ever be able to forgive me? I know I don’t deserve your forgiveness. I just want to know.”
“While I’m bathing her and putting her to bed. Play the violin, so I can hear you.”
John was suddenly wide awake. His breathing changed. His heart rate increased slightly. “You do?”
Sherlock shut his eyes tightly. He couldn’t help but wonder if John was just faking it for Sherlock’s sake or if he truly did reciprocate Sherlock’s feelings.
“Thank you for giving Rosie a gift. I really appreciate it. And...thanks for the distraction today, too. From Mary.”
“You could kiss me again,” Sherlock said, and winked. His eye crinkled at the edges. John willingly complied. “Your jumper is so soft,” Sherlock murmured when they separated.
“How could you do this to me?” John’s voice was ice. Sherlock shook his head, tears falling down his cheeks. His breath came in gasps. “Goodbye, Sherlock. Don’t contact me.” John exited the flat as suddenly as he came, slamming the door on his way out. Sherlock couldn’t breath. His tears were choking him. It was overwhelming. He curled up in the foetal position, hugging his knees tightly.
he had added. Sherlock agreed. And thus their new life began.
“I didn’t want to get poisoned,” Sherlock said. The briefest of smiles crossed John’s face. Something stirred in Sherlock when he saw it.
“Then what are you doing?”
Well, that's that. I hope you enjoyed this as much as I (mostly) enjoyed writing it! It feels crazy that it's over - I've been working on it since last November, and it's July now. Anyways, thank you to everyone who's read, commented, or left kudos, it means so much. Really. Thank you.
“Yes,” John said, his voice muffled. “Thank you.”
he thought,
“John,” Sherlock said again.
“Yes.” John held in a laugh.
“Anytime,” Sherlock said. “Would you like me to put her upstairs?”
John shook his head. “And you never thought to mention it until now?”
“I need a case.”
“I thought you didn’t want to talk about the drugs?”
“You will?”
“Thank you,” John said stiffly.
“Okay, that’s getting a bit scary,” John said after a minute or two.
“It’s okay.”
to talk about what John did. Clearly, John was too uncomfortable to do that. So Sherlock let it rest.
Sherlock, knowing that what he could say would only exacerbate the situation but also knowing that he couldn’t tell John the truth, said, “No.”
“Thank you,” she said softly.
“When?”
He stood up and went downstairs, as slowly as he could. The bandages on his chest were tight, restricting movement. The medication hadn’t worn off yet, but he was still exhausted. An unfortunate side effect. He reached up and touched the stitches next to his eyebrow. It stung slightly, so he pressed harder. His eyes were unfocused, tired from sleep and blurry from the medication. Wiggins was reclining in his chair.
The dialogue in the first part of this was taken directly from the end of
“We’ll split.”
“Amazing,” John finished. He kissed the tip of Sherlock’s nose, loving the way he smiled shyly and blushed.
“There’s something I need to tell you.”
Sherlock put his hand down on the table. “Yes, I am.”
John blushed slightly. “Yeah, sure.”
“I know, I heard the shots,” Greg said. “Two different guns. We’ll take care of the legal stuff, though we might need you for questioning.”
“I’m not a coward,” Sherlock hissed.
It had been six months. John was beginning to lose all hope that Sherlock would come back. He hadn’t gone back to Baker Street, instead staying at the flat with Mary until other arrangements could be made. He was exhausted, his days filled with absolutely nothing.
“Right.”
“Sherlock.”
The sharp edge he had been feeling for the past years was gradually lessening. John was here. John loved him. It was almost too much to process. After the confession, he didn’t want a kiss. Later, but not then. Safety and comfort came first.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We are, aren’t we?”
and everything slipped into place. The morgue. The perfect place to hide bodies. He owned the hospital. It would be so easy for him to pretend someone had died and hide the bodies. He had built up an image, had become trusted by so many people.
Word count: 5,654
“No, I’m not,” he said.
Ignoring the stiffness in his body, he walked slowly into the living room, leaning on the wall for support. His mind grew foggy. Right. He forgot how much he hated the fogginess of opioids. He ground the heel of his hand into his forehead, trying to clear it. It didn’t work. John’s face swam in front of his eyes, and he blinked to clear them. He somehow stumbled until he was out of his flat, facing the stairs to John’s old bedroom. He had only been up there once recently, to put John’s chair up. Sure enough, it was on the landing near his door. He took the stairs one at a time, still seeing John’s face. He pushed open the door and dragged the chair in, ignoring the fact that heavy lifting would be detrimental to his broken ribs.
“No. No, it’s good.”
“No, it’s fine,” John said. “Here.” He handed Rosie over to Sherlock.
Sherlock clenched his hands in his hair.
“Probably,” Sherlock agreed, and John knew that was his attempt to provide comfort.
Sherlock studied him. “Why?” He couldn’t fathom why John deemed it necessary to go through all of that. The flat looked as normal as ever. Decorating it would only be a long and tedious process, and then they’d have to clean it up after the holidays. It wasn’t worth it.
He forced himself to replay the memory, over and over. He deserved the pain, deserved it because it was his fault. John already went through enough, already went through war, the death of his best friend. Sherlock should have known better than to add to it. John’s groan echoed in his mind. He pressed his hands over his ears in an attempt to make it stop, tucking his feet up, rocking back and forth. And then stopped. Forced himself to hear it.
is a dealbreaker for you. If I’m too broken to ever be in an actual relationship.”
“Yes, yes, you mentioned,” Sherlock said impatiently. “Continue.” She looked slightly taken aback, but continued speaking.
“So,” John said, after they had finished. “Plans for today? Got any cases?” He looked at Sherlock expectantly.
A major improvement over the past three years.
“I told you, John, I’m okay,” Sherlock said, slightly sharply.
“Then why are you?” John narrowed his eyes. “Are you high?”
“No. I’m Dylan. I’m trans.” She-he, actually, Sherlock reminded himself-took a laboured breath. Understanding crossed Olivia’s face.
John’s mouth turned downwards. “What else did I do?”
“Of course he did.” John laughed, not the least bit surprised.
swirled around his mind. He couldn’t shut them out. His body shaking, he climbed into a cab and directed it to Newport Cemetery. The same cemetery he was buried in. It was quite ironic. He wasn’t certain of John’s rationale for burying Mary there, but he was sure there was something. Or not. Grief did strange things to people.
“We should probably get Rosie soon.”
“Yes, it is fine.”
“Dylan? Does he go to your school?”
“Because I thought it would make you happy. Didn’t it?”
“The woman in front of us is cheating on her husband,” Sherlock said quietly to John. “With one of the waiters in the restaurant.”
John curled his fingers into Sherlock’s and squeezed, holding on tight. Sherlock certainly hadn’t expected
“He was shooting the walls,” Mrs. Hudson said tearfully. “Please, just take a look at him.”
“It’s quite all right,” Sherlock said coolly, even though it hurt that John didn’t want to bring Rosie.
“You know exactly what. Don’t want to end up like Mr. Turing, do you? Better if I do this, now…” The man pointed a gun at him and Sherlock stiffened a little. He wasn’t expecting this. He needed to talk, more, come up with a plan.
“That murder charge was years ago,” Sherlock protested.
“I should be asking you the same thing.” John laughed humourlessly. “Seriously, Sherlock. How could you think this was a good idea?”
He hated Sherlock. Those days were the loneliest days he had ever lived through. They were worse than the days after he’d dropped out of University, the first time he became addicted.
he mouthed.
“So you don’t have a problem with
“But you were a jealous prick.” John grinned, no malice in his voice.
“Don’t say my name like that,” John snapped. “I don’t want to hear it come out of your mouth.”
*****
“Yes, I am.”
“Why are you doing this?”
“Sherlock,” John said, his voice catching.
He pressed the butt of the cigarette against a nearby brick wall, not caring that it probably wasn’t the best idea, and threw it into the street. His hands were so cold at this point that he could barely open the package. He tried, fumbling, until finally he managed to pull out and light another cigarette. It admittedly wasn’t his choice brand, but right now he didn’t mind. He wished he had his gloves. Those were back at the flat. He held the cigarette between his lips and rubbed his hands together, trying to bring warmth into them. He had stopped shivering, now numb with cold.
John gaped at him.
Through the gloom, he could make out the vague figures of people. The pastor was speaking. “...devout are taken away, and no one understands that the righteous are taken away to be spared from evil. Those who walk uprightly enter into peace; they find rest as they lie in death.” A verse. He wasn’t surprised. John and Mary had gotten married in a church they had had Rosie baptised. It was fitting that she would have a funeral service in a church as well. Sherlock figured that the service had been going on for less than five minutes. The pastor didn’t look as though he’d been speaking for all that long, and the church was silent. No sounds of crying, of even any emotion, which led him to believe no one else had spoken. A chill went down his spine. It was hard to tell whether it was from the cold or from something else, but the room was rather chilly. He scanned the pews for John.
Sherlock took the jumper into his room and placed it on the bed carefully. He didn’t think he could stand to be back in John’s barren room, but he wasn’t ready to get rid of every trace of him. Not just yet. He stared at the jumper for a long moment before returning to the sitting room. He moved slowly, and each step ached. He sat down on the couch cautiously, arranging himself in a way that was the least painful. Wiggins ignored him, and Sherlock was quite relieved to stare out of the window at the falling rain.
“Yes, I know,” Sherlock said.
Second chapter. I'm going to try and post updates at a minimum of once per week. This one was a bit quicker, because it was mostly prewritten and just needed to be edited. In the future, updates might take more time than this but I'll try to get them done as quickly as possible.
“That’s my job description!” Sherlock waved his glass in mock outrage. The wine inside sloshed back and forth.
The water hissed as it came out of the taps. Sherlock winced and withdrew his hand as soon as he touched it, then proceeded to turn the temperature down too much. He laughed almost incredulously at himself.
“It’s your turn next,” Sherlock said, and they both laughed.
The game was over.
And in April, Sherlock was finally allowed to go back to crime scenes.
“I’m flattered,” John said dryly.
“Just stop. We’ve tried talking about it before. It didn’t work.”
“Any particular brand? I’ll get them for you, sir,” he replied.
It wasn’t a permanent solution, because John eventually would return to his miserable flat and Sherlock would be without him, but he could focus on the now instead of the later. He had to focus on the now instead of the later.
“A hallucination?”
He didn’t know what to say. He didn’t know what John wanted him to say. He and John had reached an impasse, and Sherlock had no idea how to breach it.
Enjoy!
“I’m-I’m not-” Harry smirked. “That’s not the problem.”
He started with the desk, cocaine pumping through his veins. He vaulted over the coffee table, not worrying about Mrs. Hudson downstairs. He threw open the first drawer, pulling papers out and letting them fall to the floor. Bank statements, bills, everything financial. Pages with John’s signatures. He ripped the papers apart and threw them away. Mycroft made sure he was on top of his payments. He had kept the old papers for sentimental value. He scoffed at that.
“He left?” Sherlock turned his head back around.
He stepped aside and gestured for her to enter. She took in the state of the flat, of the wastebasket overflowing with papers. Random bits of Sherlock’s old life were scattered around the sitting room. Half torn, some things smashed on the floor. He had a difficult night last night. He had started
Sherlock sat upright in bed. His blankets were all around him, some thrown to the floor. His pyjamas were soaked through with sweat, his eyes wide in the dark. His heart was beating irrationally fast. Just a dream. It was just a dream. A deep, gripping fear overcame him. It might not be a dream. It might be real. John didn’t have to go to the funeral anymore. He didn’t have any obligations other than Rosie, and Rosie was a reminder of Mary. John had a past with suicidal intentions. Now, he’d not only had his friend jump off a roof in front of him, but his wife died as well. Of course it would be too much for anyone to bear.
“I’m not
John had no idea what his feelings for Sherlock were. It was...complicated. He always knew Sherlock was gay. It was obvious, from the way he deduced Moriarty to the way he...everything. But loving men just wasn’t something John did.
(See the end of the chapter for
John nodded. “Can I ask a question? It’s sort of related.” Sherlock waved his hand for John to continue. “You said the cases hit a bit close to home, but you never-I was just wondering...” he trailed off.
“Okay, okay, I get it,” Sherlock said. “You look great too. And amazing. And every other possible variant in the English language.”
She ignored his request and pulled out a piece of paper. “It says here you have an addiction to cocaine.”
Two days later, Mycroft and Lestrade came back to visit him. The hospital was dull, incredibly dull, and even the telly didn’t distract him. He was also suffering from extreme withdrawal, and as a result, barely slept or ate. He was withering away, and only wished it would happen faster.
It's up later than I would've liked but earlier than I expected, so that's good. I think. I'm also happier with this chapter than I am with the previous one. The next chapter will hopefully be out in a week but I don't know yet. I think it'll be easier to write than this one, but I'll have to see how things go. I'll update when I can.
“I feared that I was reading too much into what you were saying. I feared that I was letting my feelings for you get in the way of my intellect. I decided to play it safe and not risk our friendship.” With each word, Sherlock’s breath puffed across John’s head. John gently detached himself from Sherlock to press their lips together. Sherlock kissed him back urgently, clutching at John’s shirt. He tasted like toothpaste. His breath was hot in John’s mouth. His nose brushed John’s cheek. John grasped Sherlock’s shirt, noted the heat coming from his body, warming up the chilly sheets.
“It’s my flat.”
“I thought that maybe you meant in the past.”
Sherlock saw Mycroft reach up and adjust his tie. “A shame my brother couldn’t be here today. I’m sure it was-”
She came to her door.
“Probably,” Sherlock breathed. It would be so easy right now. He could do it. He could lean forward and brush his lips to John’s. He thought John might not even push him away. His face was so close. John’s eyes had specks of even darker blue right around the pupils. They were, without a doubt, the most attractive eyes Sherlock had ever seen.
“I do,” Lestrade said. “I drew the short straw.” He gave a pained laugh, meant it as a joke, but it hurt. It hurt that nobody wanted to spend time with him, cut him straight to the core. Sherlock took a deep breath and sealed himself off. He didn’t need to seem vulnerable. Vulnerability was weakness.
“You heard me fine,” Mycroft said smoothly. “I know you did. So, let me ask again: What did you do?”
The End.
“Do you mind?”
“It’s not a good solution.”
“I moved it.” He raised his eyebrows at her. “I thought that would be fairly obvious.”
“I didn’t do anything.” Sherlock turned his back to Mycroft and pulled the covers up to his chin.
“Oh,” Sherlock said. John crumpled and started to cry again. He stood up, walking past Sherlock to stare out the window.
“Save it,” John said, sneering. “Sherlock, I meant what I said in the note. It’s over.”
John nodded. He climbed in the first cab he could see. “Lauriston Gardens, quickly,” he panted. “As fast as you can.”
“Neither did I.” Sherlock managed to sound steady even through the swirl of emotions building inside him.
“I have a daughter, Sherlock. I need to provide for her.” John’s voice was still quiet, still so unlike him. Sherlock wanted to shake him. He preferred the John who had beat him to this shell of himself.
“Stop being so dramatic.” He scowled. “I thought he was going to die.”
This is a great song and I recommend it.
His tone set Sherlock’s teeth on edge. A chill ran up his spine. He raised an eyebrow. “The morgue. Your favourite?”
“Mrs. Hudson!”
“I’m proud to be the first.” John slowly stroked Sherlock’s back. “Today wasn’t a terrible Christmas Eve after all.”
“You know what,” Sherlock snapped. “Cocaine. Something to get me high.”
“My dream. Sherlock. I pushed you.”
He felt his eyelids getting heavier as his sobs slowed. John occasionally rubbed his back in soothing up-and-down motions. Sherlock shifted against him when John reached up and ran a hand through his hair.
Mycroft smiled coldly. “Why don’t you say anyways?”
Mycroft sighed again. “You can’t do this, Sherlock.”
his mind argued. Sherlock frowned at his reflection.
“I killed her,” he snapped. “I stood there and let her take a bullet for me. I let her die. You don’t know a thing about what John wants. He never wants to see me again.”
he thought bitterly. He wasn’t aware of the fact that the funeral was that afternoon. He had somehow missed it. To make sure, he checked to see if John had told him.
“I can do what I want!” Sherlock’s voice raised slightly.
Sherlock thought desperately.
Sherlock followed John into the kitchen. He went to turn on the stove, but John stopped him. “I bought this.” He held up a prepackaged pastry.
John ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair. Sherlock moved himself a little closer, not wanting to scare John away.
“I know.”
“Cancel? Why?”
Mary had died, and he had projected all his hurt about that onto Sherlock. Again, not fair. He wondered if he’d ever stop hurting Sherlock. He buried his face in Rosie’s curly blonde hair and bit his lip.
John rubbed at his face. Sherlock saw now that tear tracks were mingled with the sweat. He reached out a thumb to wipe them away. Maybe it was just his imagination, but it seemed like John was leaning into his touch. Sherlock sat down on the edge of John’s bed, and to his relief, John didn’t move away.
Sherlock read it through once, his heart pounding. Then a second time. It didn’t seem real. He read it again. The words sunk into his brain, ripping him apart. Everything inside him screamed in pain. His breath came faster. The cab ride took ages and yet wasn’t long enough. He numbly paid the cabbie. He made it up the stairs before the first tear fell. He took the note, laid it open and pinned it to the mantelpiece. The knife stuck straight up. He was sure to avoid any of the words. It couldn’t be real. John wouldn’t-John wouldn’t say it was over just like that. As if the past years meant nothing.
“I like talking to you.”
“This punishment, or whatever it is. You’re not to blame. Stop thinking that you are.”
“Oh, for gods’ sakes, John!” Sherlock snapped. John raised his eyebrows. “Alan Turing was a mathematical genius. He helped solve Enigma, which pretty much won World War II.”
Sherlock went limp with relief.
“He’s a man.”
John shrugged. “It doesn’t bother me much. Besides. Worse could happen.” He sat back down in his chair. “Like Irene dying.” He hated the words as soon as he let them slip from his mouth. Hated how Sherlock’s expression became sadder. Hated how anger flashed through him at the sight.
“Are you high?”
Wiggins dropped a hand to Sherlock’s shoulder. His face flickered in and out of focus. “Goodbye.”
John clapped a hand over his mouth at his exclamation. They both glanced towards Rosie, relieved to see that she was still asleep. Good. “She shot you, and I went back to her. I fucking went back to her.”
He rolled his eyes and walked back to Olivia. “Did Madison take the car?”
John rested his head on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock pressed his cheek to the top of John’s head and breathed in his scent. It smelled like the aftershave he always used. Something that smelled very much like John. “I love you,” Sherlock told him again. He might never stop saying it.
“Thank you.”
“What’s that?”
He wanted to see John, but not like this. Never like this. “John won’t be here.”
*****
“But I didn’t notice.”
“Nowhere.”
“I know,” Sherlock said. And he did. He imagined that John felt similarly to what Sherlock felt when John got married. Maybe in a different way, and maybe not as painful, but loss was loss.
“Would you like to talk about it?” Sherlock hoped he didn’t. He wasn’t good with words under normal situations, and this was far from normal. What was he supposed to say to his grieving best friend? The same friend that he was in love with?
“What was it about?”
I believe there's only one chapter after this, but I may need to split it into two if it gets too long. Sorry this update was late. Next one out as soon as possible. Also, the song Sherlock plays is Brahm's famous lullaby, Weigenlied Op. 49 No. 4.
He stared up at the ceiling. It was probably better for him to try to sleep. That way, he’d be able to avoid John as long as possible. Sleep came faster than he’d thought it would.
He ran out of the house, not bothering to put on anything else. Today was a good day. He hadn’t thought about John yet, well, not until then. He pushed all thoughts of John out of his mind. Molly needed him. It would be a good distraction. He hurriedly flagged down a cab.
John had been very forgiving of Sherlock. They hadn’t moved on yet from him faking his death, and Sherlock didn’t expect that John would. The hurt in John’s voice when he saw Sherlock’s body was something that he never hoped to hear again. It almost made him forget about Moriarty and tell John he was okay.
he had whispered. And Sherlock believed him.
“I brought her food from our flat,” John said. “I put it in the fridge. Hope that was okay.”
“Oh,” Sherlock said. “I don’t want to go to see Mummy and Daddy, Mycroft.”
Sherlock nodded numbly. “Suicide.”
Sherlock shrugged. “I read your birth certificate shortly after we met. You never mentioned it, so I never said anything.”
“Waking Rosie up.”
Sherlock guided John’s left hand to his shoulder, and clasped his right hand in his left. His own right hand hooked around John’s waist. They started swaying to the music. “This is a terrible song to dance to.”
“Husband. I like that.”
“He never responds.”
“I don’t know,” Sherlock said, nettled. “Let me ask you again. Are you okay?”
“You’re an idiot,” John said, voice cracking. “I thought-I thought you were going to die.”
“Whatever you say, little brother. Sooner or later, you will have to face him. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’m needed elsewhere.” Mycroft stood up. “Stay as long as you wish. But please, do mend things with him. I quite like Doctor Watson.”
“I’m fine,” John said, smiling. “I’m not that cold.”
They made as much eye contact as possible in the darkness, which wasn’t much. Sherlock thought it was infuriating. He was unable to read John like this. He couldn’t tell if John still thought he meant platonically, though John would have to be blind to think Sherlock meant it platonically, or if he finally understood. Saying he wouldn’t leave platonically was one thing, but saying he wouldn’t leave regardless of if Sherlock had romantic feelings towards him was another.
Sherlock’s blood ran cold and his fingers shook over the keyboard. He could solve the case, he knew he could, but it halted him. He stared at the screen, seeing but not seeing. He saw John, limping through the dark London night with his cane. John had been suicidal. Sherlock knew that. There was a high likelihood that John would have taken his own life, and he couldn’t shake the feeling that John might do that now.
“Yes. I know.” Sherlock rested the small package in his lap. It was meticulously wrapped, dark-blue paper with a silver ribbon tied around it. “But I did.”
The blue light was luminous on the walls, flickering and changing. Sherlock forced himself to walk back through the shark tank. He wasn’t sure he could ever look at an aquarium the same way again.
Sherlock nodded slowly. “Shall we go in?”
Sherlock dropped the bag of clothes and in a huff, moved towards the kitchen. “Did you save any for me?”
“Yes, but wait.” John stood up and crossed the room. Sherlock sat upright, panicked. But then John was getting Rosie, coming back, and telling Sherlock to lie back down. Sherlock did just that.
“Why don’t you play something?” John looked hopeful. Another olive branch. But still no apology.
Oh. “But you wouldn’t understand that, would you? John fucking Watson. Who absolutely, definitely
“I didn’t think John was capable of that.”
“Hold on.” John furrowed his eyebrows. “Is that why you left my wedding?”
said one, but due to the details in the email Sherlock was able to deduce that he was actually attending chemotherapy and hiding it extraordinarily well by staying overnight at his brother’s house-and the sender was actually the one who was cheating.
He rang the doorbell of Olivia’s. She came to the door moments later, eyes red with tears. From the inside came the faint barking of a dog. Sherlock pulled off a glove to shake her hand. It was trembling slightly. He attempted to smile reassuringly but thought it was probably unnerving.
“It’s part of the daily schedule.”
“I’m surprised,” John said after a while. “I thought you would’ve picked a restaurant or something.”
“Very good. Happy Christmas.” The words sounded strange in Mycroft’s mouth. Stiff and awkward.
“Of course he did.”
“No, you’re not, dear.” She frowned at him disapprovingly. “Mycroft told me what happened. Not to mention the times you hit him.”
“Yes.” If he was going to be forced to talk to Mycroft about this, he would be as vague and unhelpful as possible. Maybe it was petty. He really didn’t care.
Sherlock opened his eyes. “Mmm?”
“Oh, Sherlock.”
“I didn’t say no.” He swallowed. “I did, however, immediately push him away, run into the bathroom and throw up.”
It was Molly.
John smiled wanly at him. “Sounds good to me. Thank you.”
“I love it,” Sherlock said. It was his song. The song he composed for them. The one song he had never even dreamed of dancing with John to, and coincidentally the one song he really wanted to dance to with John. Sherlock tugged John closer, and John laid his head on Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock held him tight, swaying to the music, moving around the room. Sherlock was certain that he had never been happier. The duo playing the music was decent, he had to admit, though not as good as he was. He couldn’t believe John had done this for him. A contented feeling settled in the pit of his stomach. He rested his head on John’s and danced.
“I don’t want to be like him.” John spoke into the quietness of the flat. Sherlock felt as though he was witnessing something John never spoke about. Something John tried to avoid, but it was always there. “I’m afraid that I will be, Sherlock. I’m afraid that I already am.”
“Yeah, sorry.”
“And if I don’t?”
“Good, I hope?” Sherlock tried for humour, but it came out as nervousness.
“I’ll admit it. I don’t know how to handle emotions. I am terrible at human interactions. Which is quite possibly the only thing I’m bad at. But when I used to see you with Mary, sometimes I thought it would have been better if I had died for real.” Sherlock finished his speech, turning away from John. He probably didn’t need to tell John all of that. He had been trying to keep it a secret, but sometime during the night he had come to the conclusion that it would kill him if he kept it inside. It was probably a mistake to tell John everything, but he just couldn’t hold it inside. Sherlock was never one to avoid the truth.
“Came out...as in lesbian?”
The case deals with homophobia and famous (real-life) murders for being gay. Homophobia is the main theme of this chapter. It does not sugarcoat any of this topic. There is death and violence in this chapter, plus the F-slur.
The small church was dim, lit by candles. The light coming in through the stained-glass windows by the eaves did nothing to cut through the gloom. The church was musty. Sherlock swiped a careful finger over the small table in the foyer. His finger came away covered in dust and he blew it off. The doors to the main room were open. He stepped in quietly. It was mostly empty, and everyone who was there was near the front. Olivia MacDonald was standing near the altar. He slipped inside and walked slowly up the aisle. He was here to be respectful, which meant sitting with other people. Sherlock felt a twinge of guilt that he had injected before he’d arrived, but it was quickly overshadowed by pity for Olivia. Pity. Since when did he feel
“Is Sherlock there?”
Sherlock turned to John abruptly, not wanting to spoil the Christmas spirit. “Dinner?”
He opened up his laptop and shuffled an album he hadn’t heard in years. They sat quietly through the first few songs. The day had been good, Sherlock thought. Better than he had expected. After presents, they had gone for another walk around Regent’s Park. When they got back, John put the telly on for Rosie while Sherlock talked to his parents. Dinner was a small turkey. It had been near impossible to find, John had explained, but he did it anyways. Potatoes and carrots were served with it. Sherlock had seconds. John wasn’t a terrible cook, after all, and he was relieved to have something other than takeaway for once. Rosie got her carrots and potatoes mashed up, along with some disgusting-looking baby food. The three of them had laughed and hung out together until Rosie’s bedtime. The day was designed to make John happy and not hung up on Mary. He grieved enough. He deserved one day where he wasn’t constantly sad. And maybe it would help Sherlock, too. Seeing as it was unlikely that he and John would ever be able to truly work things out again.
“Would you like an explanation?” Sherlock nodded, breathless, as John steeled himself to speak. “Birthdays are supposed to be something good, right? I don’t know if it was like that when you were growing up-”
“Whatever you say, mate,” Lestrade said, and pulled Sherlock to his feet. He supported him tightly as he dragged Sherlock back to his cab. “For the record, though, John wouldn’t want you to do that.”
“No, I thought you were, but you’re not. Why else would you do this?” He waved a hand around the flat as Sherlock finished untangling his string. He noted that some of the pages were now out of order. No matter, he could rearrange them. He stood up and reattached the string to the couch.
“Good afternoon,” he responded.
A shot rang out in the night.
“He said…” she swallowed. “That he’d rather have anyone but you.” Sherlock’s eyes widened slightly. He tried to keep his lips from turning downwards. “Anyone.” He blinked twice. Tears pricked at the back of his eyes. He ignored them. She looked down, at Rosie asleep in her arms, then turned around and went back inside.
“I hope you didn’t mess up my sock index this time,” he said, and went to his room. John sighed. Of course Sherlock would know what they were looking for. He rested his chin in his hand and opened his book back up. The fire crackled warmly from beside him. His eyes started to close. He had turned off most of the lights, save for one on the small table next to the telly. The colourful fairy lights twinkled from around the window. If he was being honest with himself, he wasn’t surprised that Jeanette broke up with him. He wasn’t all that disappointed, either. He chose to stay with his flatmate over his girlfriend on Christmas Eve. He probably deserved to be broken up with for that.
Sherlock didn’t respond.
John shook his head, but gave him a fond smile and went to sanitise the table. “It’s going better than expected, this morning,” Sherlock muttered to Rosie. It was. Neither he nor John brought up their conversation, but everything seemed lighter somehow. Not perfect. They had yet to talk about Mary (that would probably come after breakfast) but they were talking and laughing.
“As you wish,” Sherlock said, and resumed playing. His eyes met John’s over the top of the violin, and John’s lips quirked into a small smile. Sherlock’s eyes softened.
Well, that wasn’t true, was it? He did this because he chose to, not because he was addicted. His body chose a particularly bad time to give a rather unpleasant shake.
Finally, the cab pulled to a halt. John sprang out of the cab, throwing money at the driver and readying his gun. Greg hadn’t gotten there yet.
“No.”
left?” Sherlock raised his eyebrows. “I saved your life. Moriarty was going to kill you. I had to do that. I regret it constantly, but at least I had a reason. You had no reason to do what you did to me. None.” That was unfair. Sherlock knew it and John knew it. Yet John refused to take the bait.
The line went silent. John put his head in his hands, feeling more lost than ever. Where would Sherlock even go?
John slammed the door shut, feeling very bad. It wasn’t fair of him to mess with Sherlock like that, and it especially wasn’t fair of him to get mad at Sherlock for being rightfully furious with him. But John couldn’t help it. Sherlock was amazing, and he was beginning to suspect that he might be in love with him, but it wasn’t okay. He couldn’t shake the feeling that what he felt was wrong. Which was precisely why he was going to meet Harry. He had called her earlier, and she said she would be there.
“Did he say that to you?” Mycroft’s voice was surprisingly soft.
“Please get out of my flat.”
“Tonight, we see two men make vows. The proper tradition at a wedding is a first dance, and we will uphold the tradition. Their first dance was a request from Doctor Watson. He assured me that Sherlock would love it.” Sherlock glanced at John and hoped his face conveyed the proper expression of
When he was dressed and ready, he made his way into the other room. Wiggins was leaning against the kitchen counter. “Sleep well?” Sherlock scowled at him. “I’m going out.” Sherlock ignored him, instead looking for the syringe on the counter. There it was, in a small ceramic bowl. “I’ll be back later.”
“Shut up. I was thinking.” Wiggins nodded. “Why did you interrupt me?
He bowed his head, rain running down his neck. His hair was soaked in a matter of seconds. His coat would probably be ruined after this, he reflected, but at that point he couldn’t care less. He could always get another. A coat was such a trivial thing compared to the events that had just happened. A coat was replaceable. Mary’s life was irreplaceable. He fought to keep down another sob, speeding up his pace slightly. London was nearly deserted at this hour, lights from nearby buildings glowing in the darkness. Cars drove by, spraying water. What was once a drizzle was quickly turning into more of a downpour. Sherlock usually liked the rain. He found solace in it. Not this time. Freezing droplets slid inside his coat. It felt like a punishment. And it was, in a way. It was his fault Mary was dead, all his fault. He tilted his head back, once again. Rain fell down and pelted his face, his cheeks, his nose, his eyes. He shivered, drawing his coat tighter around him. It would do nothing to keep him warm once it got wet, of course. In fact, it would probably make him even colder. But for now it was enough.
Meanwhile, Sherlock stood still in his place, not sure what to do. He wanted to go home, but he didn't want the night to end like this. It had been so good only to take a turn for the worse and it was his fault. He sighed and slowly walked back to the pizzeria, entering again. John groaned. “I said leave, Sherlock, what part of the word leave don't you understand?” John said and crossed his arms. Sherlock swallowed and rubbed his arm. “I'm... I'm sorry John. I know you don't want to listen to me but-” Everyone around the table was looking at Sherlock now, wondering what had happened. John sighed and closed his eyes for a moment. Sherlock nodded. “I'm really sorry. I have a tendency to protect myself as soon as something remotely bad happens John. I really don't think that you wanted to hurt me, but I was just so scared.” Sherlock admitted. John opened his eyes, seeing all the preying eyes of the people around the table. No, no matter how angry he was he didn't want Sherlock to have to pour his heart out in front of everyone. “Come.” He said and took Sherlock's hand, dragging him outside. John sighed and rubbed his neck. “Thank you for understanding that I didn't want to hurt you, because I really really didn't Sherlock. If you ask Mike, he will tell you I rarely pay as much attention to anyone like I've done to you this evening. I've really tried my best Sherl.” John said and nodded. Sherlock bit his lip, feeling even more guilty hearing that John had actually paid more attention to him than others, perhaps even past girlfriends if Sherlock was allowed to fantasize. “I'm- I'm sorry.” He stuttered, letting out a sniffle. “I'm- I'm sorry and I don't- I don't want to go-” He started with a gentle sob. He hated this. He hated crying in front of people. It made him look weak. John's eyes widened when he realised Sherlock was crying. “Oh shit. Shit shit. Sherlock don't cry. Don't cry Jesus, Christ don't cry-” John stuttered quickly moving closer and gently rubbing Sherlock's arm. “It's okay. It's okay. God I hate it when people cry. Just don't.” He rambled, Sherlock desperately starting to wipe his eyes. John didn't like it when people cried. He would try to stop quickly then. John nodded. “That's it. That's it shh. It's okay.” He reassured him once more, still stroking his arm. “You don't have to go. You can stay. You can stay for as long as you'd like.” John said, sighing to himself for being such a pushover. He was still a bit upset from Sherlock thinking all those things about him, yet his priority was instantly to make Sherlock feel better. “Let's go back inside, have a cup of tea even though it's not the greatest, and everything will be okay. I promise.” John said and Sherlock nodded shyly, his crying stopped but his eyes still wet and red. John smiled. “Okay, come along then.” He smiled and lead Sherlock back inside, the plates already removed and doggie bags created by Peter for everyone. “Some tea for me and Sherlock.” John said and sat down. Sherlock gently looked up at John. “I like it sweet. Very sweet.” Sherlock mumbled awkwardly. John chuckled. “Two sugars in one of them!” John called to Peter, smiling at Sherlock who smiled timidly back.
“‘Course you are, what a silly question that is…” John mumbled, scratching his neck awkwardly. Sherlock beamed and watched as John sat down in his chair, effortlessly deciding John’s lap was the best place to sit and sat down. “What-” John blushed furiously and rubbed his face tiredly. “Sherlock,” John tried and Sherlock looked at him in confusion.
“H-Hello, Sherlock is it?” A young woman's voice suddenly said. Sherlock frowned and looked to the side. “Perhaps, who's asking?” He said and narrowed his eyes a bit. “Oh- Oh it's Molly, from your class?” She tried and held her book tightly to her chest. “I... I spotted you and- well I didn't think you would even be here and-” She sat down nervously. Sherlock frowned. He hadn't invited her to sit down, whoever she was. “Molly.” He said softly and she nodded quickly. “Y-Yes-” She stuttered, nodding with an awkward smile. “Nope. Don't remember you. Are you sure you're in my class?” Sherlock said, directing his gaze back to the field. Molly looked down and swallowed heavily. “Oh... Yes... Quite sure... We have advanced biology together, we sat at the same table earlier today in class...” She muttered. “Mmm. Fancy that.” Sherlock responded, not really paying attention at all. Molly turned her head to look out onto the field as well, biting her lip. “I... I really hope we win tonight. It's very likely though, with John Watson as captain.” She said and Sherlock's head quickly snapped back to face Molly. “John. What do you know about him?” He said quickly, making Molly flinch. “I- Oh- Uhm- Not a whole lot really. He tends to keep a lot to himself.” She said and shrugged a little and shook her head. “He mostly spends time with Mike, and a few others from the team. He's very kind and caring, but he can be a bit loud as well, depending on the situation.” She said and smiled quirkily. “It's his birthday this weekend. I'm sure he's preparing something for it, only a few days left.” She said and smiled. Sherlock nodded at the information. John was celebrating his birthday soon. Interesting. “Anything else?” He said and Molly blushed. “I... I don't think so? Is there something special you're wondering?” She asked and Sherlock's cheeks went a bit red. He quickly shook his head, looking back onto the field. “No. Nothing. I... I suppose his... Girlfriend must be sitting here somewhere... To cheer him on.” He said, trying to head in the right direction to get the information he truly wanted. Molly chuckled. “Him? Girlfriend? He can't keep a girl for a week!” She said and giggled. “I don't know why, he seems very gentle and caring, but somehow he always ends up dumped.” She said and looked down at her feet, brushing some dust off her shoe. “Or well, he would never admit he had been dumped though.” Molly said, tilting her head a little and rubbing her shoe more vigorously.
(See the end of the chapter for
The night was coming to an end and the last of the group stood outside, John chatting away with Mike about the coming weekend and his birthday. It wasn't too long left now since it was thursday evening, and really they were planning everything a bit too late. “At least I'll be able to buy the drinks for the party and you don't have to go to your cousin for help.” John said with a soft chuckle, Sherlock standing awkwardly beside him. Mike nodded. “Yeah, well that's one good thing at least.” He said and chuckled as well. “So what time does your parents leave?” John asked Mike. “They'll leave around three o'clock in the afternoon so after that we can start getting everything together. We'll need snacks too, and a cake of course.” Mike pondered. John nodded. “We'll start the party at seven, I think, does that sound good?” John said and Mike nodded. “Yeah, yeah that sounds about right. It will kick off later probably, we have the house all to ourselves the day after as well so we'll have time to clean up.” Mike grinned. John rolled his eyes. “Well we should try to keep it fairly calm, I don't want it to get absolutely mental Mike.” John said with a firm nod. It was Mike's turn to roll his eyes. “Party pooper.” He said and nudged John's arm. “Isn't he a party pooper Sherlock?” Mike said, trying to make up from his earlier mistake. Sherlock blushed and shrugged. “I think it's suitable for his age to be acting like an adult and not wanting the party to get out of hand.” Sherlock rambled factually and looked at John with a little smile. That was a compliment after all, in his mind. John smiled and chuckled a little. “Yeah, Sherlock's right.” John said with a determined nod, wrapping his arm around Sherlock's shoulder and pulling him close, something he would do with any friend of his. But for Sherlock, that only caused his cheeks to heat up more, gently allowing himself to lean his head onto John's shoulder. That made John freeze a bit. That wasn't the usual response his friends gave him when he did that. Sherlock noticed that the situation suddenly got awkward and quickly moved his head off of John's shoulder, standing straight once again. “Of course I'm right.” Sherlock murmured quickly and quietly, trying to seem like nothing had happened. John's cheeks were a bit flushed too and he quickly let go of Sherlock's shoulders, rubbing his neck.
“Great, I’ll let Mr Holmes know right away,” she said as she stood up, smoothing out her dress slightly. John stood up as well and cleared his throat, taking the file in his hand, opening it slightly.
“Th- Thank you and I- I’m sorry for my behaviour I- I didn’t know you were the one- That told John about me- That- Thank you so very much-” Sherlock breathed out harshly and John placed a gentle hand on his back, trying to calm him while looking away as much as possible, trying to hide his embarrassment and tomato red face from Ella. Ella smiled softly and nodded.
“Maybe a book! No... John isn't much of a reader... Perhaps... a new jumper! No, no his father would notice that... Jewelry? I mean, not something girly I mean like... manly jewelry.” Sherlock pondered as they walked through a shop ridden street in central London. Mycroft sighed. “Mmm... Maybe earrings.” He teased and Sherlock pouted. “You're not helping.” Sherlock grumbled, sighing as they walked down the street. “Maybe something related to rugby? I don't know much about it though, so I'm not sure what he would like.” Sherlock said and sighed, looking towards a sports shop. Mycroft looked around as well, soon spotting a shop and smiled a little. “Here, let's go here. I have a feeling we might find something interesting that is not too posh looking for John in here.” He said, pulling Sherlock into an old antiques shop.
It was cramped, dusty, dimly lit and cluttered with things from the floor all the way up to the ceiling. It smelled of old tobacco, whiskey, dust, and notes of old leather. Sherlock wrinkled his nose. “I think you are out on a whim here brother dear...” Sherlock muttered, picking up an old obnoxious dog statue. “I don't know what we could find here that's nice...” Sherlock sighed, looking up a wall that was covered with mirrors, taking the time to correct his curls. “Don't judge the book by it's cover.” Mycroft answered simply, rummaging through some things. “May I help you?” A man suddenly said, as if appearing from thin air since he came from a dark corner of the shop. Sherlock looked to the man, taking a step back. Mycroft cleared his throat and stood up. “Yes, please. We're looking for a gift for my brother's friend. He's a rugby player and he doesn't like to read. And that's about it really, for what we know about him.” Mycroft said and earned himself a nudge from Sherlock at how pitiful that sounded. The man chuckled heartily. “Ah, well then. Let's see if I can find anything suitable...” He said and began moving about the little shop.
Sherlock had stayed late at the library that day, trying to learn where everything was. The library wasn't even half the size of the one at his last school, and he felt a bit saddened by that fact. He loved to sit in the library and just read for hours on end, something that probably hadn't boosted his popularity at his last school either. Not that it bothered him. He would be the one with all the knowledge in the end. Eventually he was getting tired, having skipped his lunch just like he usually did and it left him with much energy towards the evening. He decided to give up the books for now, and headed outside, knowing his ride home would be there in ten minutes or less.
Once home, he was greeted by his mother with the usual hug and peck on the cheek. “Mother I'm too old for this...” Sherlock grumbled cutely, his curls falling in front of his eyes. Mrs. Holmes sighed fondly. “Oh don't be like that Shirley, you know you're too cute to not kiss on the cheek.” She said and brushed of Sherlock's cheek with her thumb. “Your brother is home and we're all having dinner together and that's that.” She said quickly and Sherlock groaned loudly. “You mean /he/ is having dinner. I'm surprised if there would be anything left for the rest of us.” Sherlock huffed with a smirk. Mrs. Holmes rolled her eyes. “Now now play nice with your brother.” She tutted and headed to the kitchen.
Sherlock whispered out this time, blinking slowly. “
John laid on the bed, throwing his rugby ball up and down in the air, thinking about all sorts of things. His phone buzzed though, and he quickly reached for it. Mike.
The car ride home to the Holmes residence was fairly quiet. John was very tired from school, yawning every other minute, and Sherlock had retreated into his mind. He was smiling to himself, looking down at his hand which was still held firmly by John's. They had walked through the whole school like that, hand in hand. John hadn't even snapped at him for it. People probably saw them, yet John hadn't even brought that up yet. Was John /too/ quiet though? Sherlock frowned and bit his lip, squeezing John's hand a little to get his attention. John turned from the window to look at Sherlock, smiling sleepily. “Sorry, I'm just a bit tired. Are you okay?” John said, squeezing Sherlock's hand back. Sherlock nodded. “Yes, yes I'm fine. I was just... A bit worried. You're so very quiet...” Sherlock mumbled and looked at John sincerely. John smiled. “There's nothing to be worried about. I'm fine, just tired. I promise.” John said and scooted a bit closer, tilting his head. He bit his lip before gently reaching over to cup and stroke Sherlock's cheek softly. He had no idea such a small thing could feel so intimate. He blushed and smiled. “So, what are we going to do when we get back to your place?” John said curiously, leaning back at the seat.
Chapter 27 -  Maybe I'm the brilliant one
Chapter 9 – The big game
“Curious? Curious about what? A tin can loading…” John trailed off and Sherlock suddenly sat up a bit better and lifted his shirt without a word. “Woah hey- what are you- uhm- Sherlock-” John’s eyes widened and he reached forward, trying to pull Sherlock’s pyjama shirt down. Sherlock frowned.
Sherlock and John enjoyed the cake, smiling at each other, John making a few bad jokes, Sherlock laughing at them because they were just silly enough to make him giggle. It was a truly wonderful evening, and John wished it would never end. But it couldn't be evening forever of course, and it was soon getting late. John looked at Sherlock, his mood changing to nervous yet again. “I suppose... I suppose I'll take the bus home, to avoid this again.” He said and pointed to his bruised eye. Sherlock bit his lip. “But- Father, can't John sleep over?” Sherlock asked quickly. Mr. Holmes hummed thoughtfully. “He- He shouldn't go on a bus this late, not in his neighbourhood. Sorry John.” Sherlock said and apologised quickly, realising what he had said might hurt him. “I'll be fine Sherlock, promise.” John nodded reassuringly. “You can say you slept over at Mike's because of the party tomorrow, Mike can even call your parents and cover for you.” Sherlock said, his voice getting desperate. John sighed and looked to Mr. Holmes. “Well, for me and my wife it is fine if you wish to sleep over John, but I don't know if that's the best option since your family is already a bit... riled up.” Mr. Holmes said softly. “Father! That's not right that's not-” “Calm down Sherlock dear.” Mrs. Holmes tried. John nodded. He knew Sherlock's father was right in the end. “Sherlock, I'll be fine. It's not as late as yesterday, and I've gone on the bus home several times before. I'll be fine Sherlock. He won't see me in a car this time and he won't question where I've been. He might not even be home.” John murmured softly. He stood up and pulled on his jacket. Sherlock looked down at the table, visibly upset. John couldn't help but feel a bit warm inside from how much Sherlock seemed to care. It was truly lovely, and he knew that Sherlock was special to him already. He already considered them to be close friends, even if it was very soon to already think that. But he couldn't help but feel like there was even more to it. He patted Sherlock's shoulder gently and then reached out to shake Mr. Holmes' hand. “Thank you so much for dinner, sir.” He said and nodded, Mr. Holmes raising a brow at being called 'sir'. “You're very welcome John, and leave the formalities at home John, please.” He said with a smile. John blushed shyly and walked to Mrs. Holmes, giving her a gentle hug. “Thank you so much Mrs. Holmes.” He said and nodded. “Oh, thank you dear for sharing your very special birthday with us.” She smiled. “Bye Mycroft, thanks for the entertainment.” John said and chuckled, giving him a smile. “And Sherlock, don't worry about it alright? I'll text you as soon as I get home so you know I'm fine, okay?” He said and gave him a slightly awkward hug, Sherlock being not so keen on hugging back right now in his upset state. He blushed a little though, and nodded. “Okay.” He murmured and continued to fiddle with the spoon. “And see you tomorrow, yeah?” John whispered and winked before rushing out of the restaurant to catch his bus.
Sherlock was overcome with desperation to be close to John. Inhaling his scent thick and fast, as he buried his overgrown curls against a warm and familiar shoulder. "John," he said with a definite finality. "I want you to know something,"
Attempting to garner where he was, he carefully craned his neck to the side, the mud slick beneath his cheek. Clifftops stood tall above him, like natures answer to skyscrapers. The sharp barbs of grass plants jutted out, their dark shade of green a stark contrast to the dull rocks dotted across the cliff face.
His hands slid weakly to his jacket pocket. The object of his desire slipped and slid away from his grip, protesting against the slick wetness of the blood on his fingers. When he eventually managed to pluck out his phone, he entered his contacts and clicked on John's name. Two years later and John was still one of his most important contacts on there.
"Hello brother dearest." Mycroft took a seat on the opposite side of Sherlock's bed. He was more hesitant about touching Sherlock than John, but gradually he reached out for Sherlock's spare hand - the one the good doctor wasn't clutching - and he tenderly soothed his brother for the first time since their childhood.
This John was a whole new species. He was furious. Brimming with an unnerving amount of anger. Perhaps the voice had been right. Maybe it was too late to fix any burnt bridges? What if John could never forgive him? What if he never wanted Sherlock back in his life?
John Watson and Mycroft Holmes, Sherlock's personal angels perched at each corner of his bed, both smiled because of the same reason; Sherlock was very much alive.
John glanced up at the Elder Holmes. He was still angry at Mycroft. It had been his plan, after all, for Sherlock to jump and fool the world into thinking he was dead. To fool him. But, the trouble was, John just didn't have the heart to yell at him. Mycroft was fragile right now and John could see right through him like he was a fucking icicle - he was hurting - possibly even scared that his brother was going to die in the night.
Mycroft's lips twitched. "There's no need for that."
Perhaps he had made a mistake? Maybe kissing John hadn't been such a good idea. What if it only made John hate and resent him even further? No. He couldn't let himself dwell on that thought. John was yet to pull away from Sherlock, so perhaps that was a good sign?
So he grabbed John's hand and tugged it close to his wrist. There John would be able to feel his racing pulse. By this point Sherlock's heart was hammering so hard in his chest that the sound gushed in his eardrums. It was erratic, uncontrollable. Whether it was because he was scared, excited, or if it was just being in such close proximity with John, Sherlock didn't know.
"Hey, hey, stay calm. Sherlock Holmes doesn't get scared."
He rode with Sherlock clutching his beloved friends hand as though his own life depended on it. Were they friends anymore? John didn't even know. The whole dynamic of their relationship had changed so drastically. John had really thought that he'd hated Sherlock. For days he'd tossed and turned in bed despising the man. But now… Sherlock had told him that he loved him…had actually said those words.
The one person that he cared about the most, had reacted in the worst way. That was the reaction that had affected him, the one that had sent him reeling in shock, like his ex flatmate had drowned him, and he was trying to come up for air, but couldn't.
But now that the moment was finally here… Sherlock wasn't certain he was ready.
, he thought, begged.
What if Sherlock died that night? For real this time. Sherlock had attempted to call him three times. He wondered what state Sherlock would have been if only he'd picked up his mobile a little damned faster, and hadn't hung up on him the second time. Would they be at the hospital by now?
The look in John's eyes had been hurt, and there had been betrayal in them, mixed with regret. So much bloody regret. Like John blamed himself for not seeing through the trick. Like he thought Sherlock's deceit had been a direct tactic to hurt him. Quite the opposite. If only John Watson knew the truth behind his actions.
"Good."
"What use are you to me alive?" Billy swung the knife in front of him. Sherlock could see the boy's twisted, hungry grin. When you're homeless, your entire family dead, with no purpose in life, he supposed that there was nothing holding the man back from stabbing him.
"But I'm done shouting and throwing my weight around for one night." John said softly. "I just want to go home with you. We started something in the restaurant and I'd like to see it through."
"I do. Now, am I going to have to drag you by your cuffs? Or will you come quietly."
"I've been working on that bit. You have a smartphone-"
“It is,” Sherlock went on to say. John detected a definite waver in the inflection of Sherlock’s voice.
"How is he?" John said snappily. "I found him bleeding to death, stabbed in the gut, outside a drugs den. How do you think he is?" Mycroft dabbed at his forehead, wiping off a sheen of sweat. He looked upset - troubled - and that made John instantly regret his words. "I'm sorry. I didn't mean to snap. I'm just worried about Sherlock."
It had been barely a week since he'd revealed to the world that he was alive and kicking. He'd outwitted the nation, as well as Moriarty, into thinking that he'd committed suicide. The wool had been pulled from the world's eyes and the lie had been uncovered. The terrible lie. He did not care what the papers said about him, nor was he affected by the way the media had suddenly turned in his favour (Mycroft probably had a fair bit to do with that.)
"I know, I know, I know." Sherlock would have been surprised if John was anything but pissed off with him. His eyes scrunched closed tightly, trying to stop any more tears from falling.
"Sorry to disappoint you. I'm not quite there yet." A dry humourless sound slipped out of Sherlock's lips.
"Go on," he managed to choke out.
"No. I don't think you're stupid."
John's hands immediately tried to get a death grip around Sherlock's neck. They scrambled about and tried to find a purchase. Sherlock placed his larger hands over the top, and tried to get the older man to pull away.
There was no anger in his words now. No sign of malice. Just a tenderness that melted Sherlock's heart and started up the threat of tears once more. His eyes prickled and dampened as he waited for John to continue.
John knew it was unlikely that he was going to be able to hold out for much longer. He’d treated enough pneumothorax cases to know how serious his condition was. If he didn’t receive treatment soon his lung could collapse entirely. In the worst case scenario he would go into cardiac arrest and die.
"How -"
Dressing up with a bow-tie, glasses, and a silly mustache had been an attempt to hide himself away. Perhaps it had come across as insensitive? That hadn't been his intention at all.
His eyes widened and he tried to speak, but he could barely breathe, let alone get the right words out. John traced a finger along the curve of Sherlock's cupid bow and shushed him gently. "It's OK. Save your breath. You're going to need it. I called an ambulance. They'll be here any minute now."
Sherlock's hands moved to run through John's hair. The feel of how soft it is against his rough skin was enough to make him gasp out loud. It's too much. Having him this close, feeling every inch of John pressed up against him, the feel of their lips and tongues locking, the soft silky strands of hair running through his hands.
"There,that's better." John grinned when Sherlock was literally stunned into a long bout of silence. "I would have kissed you years ago if I knew it was so efficient in shutting you up."
For a brief moment John's fingers found their way to one of Sherlock's wrists. This confused Sherlock for a moment, but he soon realised what John was after. He needed some kind of confirmation that he was in fact alive, and this wasn't some horrible nightmare or hallucination.
"Ah, no." John actually had the bravery to grab Mycroft's sleeve and drag him back. "You are going to see your baby brother and be perfectly civilized, aren't you Mycroft?"
"You have your scarf, don't you? Press it to the wound nice and hard. It's going to hurt, a lot, not going to lie, but the pain is much better than excessive blood loss, trust me."
An oxygen mask was placed carefully over his pasty grey face. John had never seen Sherlock so colourless… even the corpse used in the faked suicide seemed to have held more life than Sherlock in that very moment. John felt his gut drop.
As a doctor John didn’t accept neutral answers when it came to the well-being of his patients. Fine had various variables. Fine was not acceptable.
Sherlock was about to question John when the line cut out. The phone battery had died. "Dammit!" He screamed, tossing the useless object out into the alleyway.
vocalisation that contained urgency. Sally Donovan, the same woman who’d tried to warn John away from Sherlock, was now barking out orders.
Sherlock was grieving over the friendship he used to have with John. He had worked so hard just so they could be back together again. And now that it was really happening… this was going so much worse than any scenarios he had come up with. He was also hurting because now he was certain that John didn't want him back, and he would go back to his life before John, where he was alone. Only this time he would understand that he was lonely, because he knew what he was missing.
Mycroft's resolve seemed to crumble. "Very well, if you insist."
"Shhh, Lock. It's OK. I've got you now." John raised his arm and used his jacket sleeve to wipe some more of Sherlock's tears away. Then, smiling weakly, he tried to make a joke out of this terrible vulnerable position Sherlock had found himself in. " Though this doesn't mean I'm not still basically pissed off with you."
Very well, then. He could most certainly work with that.
Very gradually, almost at though Sherlock was breaking through walls, John's lips parted and allowed Sherlock's tongue inside. There was still something hesitant in John's kiss, like he was holding back. Well, that simply wouldn't do.
"The whole of England might just stop." Mycroft was smiling now. Well as close to a smile as the pompous prick could manage, John supposed.
"Shit, bugger, fuck." Billy swore loudly. Something flashed in the lad's eyes. Something dangerous. Then, before Sherlock had a chance to escape or duck out, he felt a sudden impact against his abdomen. At first his brain told him he'd been punched by Billy, but the sharp pain that ripped through him soon corrected his thoughts. Not punched, no. Stabbed, definitely stabbed.
“They’re down there, sir!”
John. His John. How could he reject Sherlock? After all they'd been through. After the risk taking. The sacrifice. The torture that the detective's mind and body had been put through? All for his beautiful, wonderful blogger.
Now John and Sherlock stood side by side once more, leaning against an old brick wall in an empty alley way. Neither had anywhere to go anymore.
John was grieving over the man that he thought he had lost. The man that he was certain he'd seen die right in front of his very eyes. He could still see the blood on the pavement, could feel the lack of pulse beneath his fingertips, could feel the moment his heart was ripped to shreds. And he was hurting because the man he'd seen die had the audacity to turn up unannounced like it was
Sherlock, mate, can you hear me?”
Apparently, even as he tip-toed around the delicate details of his past, John was still concerned about Sherlock. Perhaps it was the fact Sherlock's voice trembled at certain moments in the story, or the fact that he was visibly shaking by the time he was finished talking.
Eyes stinging with the threat of potential tears, Sherlock tried to shake the voice away from his mind. More and more frequently Sherlock had been privy to hear, and even sometimes see, a dark unforgiving mind!palace John Watson.
“John,” the reassuring baritone resonated from close by. Frustratingly, the man the voice belonged to was not in John’s line of sight. Nonetheless that didn’t stop the pang of relief he felt.
That warning was paid no heed. Sherlock had too much to lose now. He had to get his message across. Words would do him little good now, because in John's eyes words were just more lies and tricks. Actions, however, were fare more telling.
"Sherlock," That one word was heavy with warning. It said "if you don't stay away, bloody Sherlock Holmes, I'll deck you again."
“I’m fine.”
"I'm Sherlock Holmes," His words were out before he could stop them. He had not considered that the presence of a detective, one associated with Scotland Yard no less, was an unwelcome sight among the drug den's walls.
"I need to know what you're thinking. I-please?"
Sherlock sniffled and didn't deny it. "Death is as horrid as they say. Worse even. It hurts. Crying is a natural reaction. It's very human. Isn't that what you always wanted me to be? More human."
The crew rushed forwards, armed with a stretcher. They pushed John out of the way, and he was forced to watch hopelessly as they dragged the lifeless body of his best friend onto it. They managed to control the bleeding with a pressure against the wound. It would have to do for now. As soon as Sherlock got to the hospital, John knew they would have to operate on him.
"Oh." Sherlock said, voice quiet.
John Watson and Sherlock Holmes were at last back together in the most intimate way possible. It felt as though the world might just implode behind his closed eyelids.
The second time the call was answered, but quickly hung up on, as though John had answered it without realising it was Sherlock calling.
"221B?" Sherlock asked, his deep baritone rumbling against John's neck, making the individual nape hairs stand up on end.
"No,"
"John, please -"
The touch of John's fingers on his pulse didn't last long, as he was pulled off from Sherlock, and they were both stood to their feet. There - no longer with the threat of lunging at Sherlock - at least not for now - the two men just stared at each other.
"I'm dying," Sherlock whispered, breathing now ragged and coming out short.
, a jealous whisper hissed in the back of his mind palace, he's not your John and never has been. And he's definitely not going to be writing up about cases you've been on together any time soon.
The mud squelched as heavy footsteps approached them. It was Lestrade that reached them first. “Bloody hell, what a mess!
Sherlock had no idea how much time passed. He didn't measure time in minutes, or hours. He measured it kisses, and touches, and unspoken promises.
Sherlock groaned and slumped forwards. John's screams echoed against his eardrums, faint and fading away.
“Feel better?” John managed a minuscule movement of his head. Although the fight to keep himself alive was leaving him, the localised pain was still too excruciating to do anything else. “Good. Think you can open your eyes for me a little?”
He wanted to encompass that feeling. Roll in it. Bury himself beneath it like a thick duvet. He never wanted it to stop.
“This is my fault.”
With a slight tilt of his head, Sherlock caught a glimpse of his older brother standing awkwardly in the doorway.
"Now you sit tight and I'll be right there."
“How minor?” Sherlock Holmes did not fit in the same realm as ordinary people. John didn’t want to consider what classed as minor in the detectives’ dictionary.
"Finally!" John spat. "You took your time."
"The obvious?"
"Nope." John said sternly. "We are not doing this here, not in a bloody alleyway. We wait until the ambulance gets here and we get you patched up. Maybe then, and only then, we can talk about this."
"Sherlock Holmes is heartbroken, John. Surely that much is clear. Heartbroken over you. Did you not wonder why he was near a drugs den so soon after you rejecting him? You might as well have been the one to stab him. Kill him." That smug grin - oh how he hated that grin - how perfectly it curled and snarled beneath that beaked nose.
"John," he nodded curtly, staring with an almost vacant expression at his blasted umbrella.
He forced himself to breathe.
Sherlock's lips twisted upwards with smug curiosity. He peered through the dark, trying to decipher what kind of person his attacker was. A lad, just a kid, nothing special. Probably not capable of brandishing such a weapon, so not a object to worry about, merely an obstacle between himself and his first hit in two years.
Somewhere on the edge of being awake and unconscious, John grunted in disagreement.
"I'm sorry," John apologised. He'd been so close to hitting the man. "I didn't think. I didn't realise… yeah…you probably have more right to be here than me."
"OK."Sherlock confirmed through gritted teeth. "Now what?"
More concerning was the sharp, hot stabbing sensation that spread partially across his chest and upper ribcage. That type of pain was consistent with fractured or broken ribs. His breathing was shallower than normal, as his lungs struggled to draw in and expel oxygen. He daren’t attempt to sit up. Without medical attention there was no way of telling how much damage he’d attained. If the impact had been powerful enough to break his bones, there was a risk that he was bleeding internally too. However, if he didn’t move there was an equal chance that he’d die of hypothermia.
The second his head hit the pillow, he fell into a deep sleep. All the tension was gone after talking to his sister, even though he was still confused about a lot of things. Or, well, perhaps not confused, but he felt like his world has been turned upside down. But even though he felt that way, he felt... calm. Relieved in a way. Perhaps his body responded naturally, and his brain was just too slow to follow. Before he fell asleep though, he glanced over at Sherlock, smiling. Maybe Harry was right. Just maybe.
“Ah well, that’s just it isn’t it? Did you even
“That’s- Great- What exactly are you showing me?” John pressed out as he tried to pull at Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock furrowed his brows and tugged his shirt harshly so that John’s hands fell off it and turned his body to the side. John frowned, tilting his head as he saw the faint blue light pulsing from just below Sherlock’s ribcage on the side of his waist. “What… Is that…” John said, reaching forward but stopping himself. Sherlock smiled.
“I uh, no, you two enjoy it though, Sherlock loves sweet things, don’t you?” John said as he cut into this sausage instead. Sherlock smiled a little bigger and nodded.
“Probably Mrs. H,” John said and got up from his seat and headed for the door. Sherlock listened curiously, straightening up quickly as he heard an unfamiliar voice, a male voice. Mike smiled eagerly at John in the doorway, holding up a few coffees to go and another bag with baked goods.
John wanted to kiss Sherlock, to show him that he really was okay even though he still was a bit shaken up of course. But since they were in a full cafeteria, John wasn't really brave enough to do that right now. He let go of his tight grip of Sherlock's hand though, allowing his thumb to gently brush and stroke his knuckles. Molly smiled and cleared her throat. “I'm going to buy some lunch and get us a table.” She said and hurried off to give the two some privacy. John blushed deeply. “Hey... I'm sorry I was such an idiot. I was mean to you and mean to Molly and I really shouldn't have been. I overreacted and I didn't listen to you and what you wanted and needed, which is just as important as my wants and needs. Can you forgive me? And forgive me for being so stupidly shy and nervous as well?” John said and tilted his head. Sherlock broke into a bigger smile, nodding his head gently. “I forgive you John, I really do. And we are all shy and nervous sometimes, but I'm glad you realise you treated me badly because of it and that you are apologising for it... It means a lot to me...” Sherlock admitted shyly. John nodded. “Well, that's the fair thing to do, and I really, truly am sorry, you know?” John said and Sherlock nodded once again. “I know.” Sherlock said softly, smiling lovingly at John. “Come, let's go buy some lunch yeah? So we can have a seat and just calm down even more, how does that sound?” John suggested, still holding Sherlock's hand, despite the crowded cafeteria. Sherlock noticed that of course, and he thought John was very brave because of it, and noted it down in his head to tell John later just how brave he was for doing that. He nodded once more. “Yes, that sounds really good. I'm actually feeling a bit hungry after all that uhm, chaos.” Sherlock said and chuckled a little. John snorted and chuckled as well. “Good, I'll buy you anything you'd like.” He said with a proud grin, walking together with Sherlock to get their meals.
because thinking leads to emotions and he didn’t want emotions. He felt the spiral of anxiety start to pick up, and he inhaled deeply. It didn’t help. He set the cigarette in the ashtray on the windowsill and fell onto his bed. He tucked his knees up and hugged them. Whatever was happening with John wasn’t okay. He was upset, heartbroken really, because he had had John. Right there. And then John was taken from him by something, something that made John not like him. Something must be wrong with him, besides, well, everything. Because John kissed him, but then he threw up afterwards.
Angelo was silent for a moment. “But you want to be, don’t you?”
He gripped his knees tighter and lowered his forehead until it was touching his knees. He rocked back and forth slightly. John had hugged him exactly once. It was after the speech. After Sherlock made it known just how much he cared about John. The hug was brief. Sherlock wanted nothing more than to reciprocate, but he knew if he did he might never be able to let go. John was happy at the wedding, and although there was a murder, it ended well. For John, at least. Sherlock looked around. Everyone was busy, socialising. He started to walk towards Janine, but even she was with someone. His smile slowly dropped as he felt the cold start to wrap around his heart. Worst of all, John was happy. John wouldn’t even notice if Sherlock left, because he was busy with Mary. His heart heavy, his steps slow, he tucked the waltz he wrote into the envelope and left the wedding. Everyone was happy, and no one needed him there anymore.
“Well. Thank you.” Wiggins nodded, once, and then departed the room. Sherlock wasn’t entirely certain where he slept, but he suspected that it was either back in the house they had been in or on his couch. He couldn’t bring himself to care.
“Sherlock?”
“What’s wrong? Did I do something wrong?”
I quickly googled it and found that black holes can indeed pull planets in. Next update in probably about two weeks, give or take a few days. I should be back on schedule now, but no promises. Once again, I'm not a doctor. I did my best.
“Hello, John,” Sherlock said smoothly. He kept his face mostly blank, but John could see the flicker of relief in his eyes. John loved him.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You’ll be happy to know that Smith confessed.”
Praying that he’d respond, he pulled out his mobile and texted him.
He opened his eyes again. “What is it?”
Sherlock’s stomach sank. That meant it couldn’t have been good. He assumed Molly had read it, or at least had a fairly good idea of what it said, judging by her expression. Pity. She tried for a shaky smile. “I’m sorry, Sherlock.” His stomach sank even further. “He says...John says if you were to come round, asking after him, offering to help…” she paused. Sherlock tightened his hand around the note.
“She’s your wife.”
“That’s not what I’m doing.” John raised his eyebrows.
He needed to do something for John’s birthday. His own celebration had been quiet. Just him, John, Rosie and Molly having cake. John deserved it though, he deserved to make a fuss about his birthday. Sherlock pulled out his phone.
“What?”
“Your previous wedding,” he said. “When I-left.” John’s face fell for just a fraction of a second, and that was wrong, because he hadn’t intended John to be sad. “I promise that I won’t leave this wedding,” he added in an attempt to make it up to him. John laughed, once, brightly, and everything was okay again.
John nodded and then shook his head. “Sherlock,” he choked.
“-but it was in my childhood. It was supposed to be something important. Something of value.” He cleared his throat, paused. “And it was. Um. For a little while. Harry would always do something for me. We never really had a lot of money so I didn’t expect gifts, but Harry would make me a card. It was always something stupid, something you’d find to be too much like a platitude. They meant the world to me back then, though. I wish I’d kept them.” John’s fingers twitched. “When we got a bit older, she’d make a cake. It was-it was one of the only days of the year where I felt like I mattered.”
The next drawer was the one where John used to keep his gun. The sliders were worn, the drawer having been opened frequently when they used to go on cases together. Dust swirled through the drawer when he opened it, the faint imprint of John’s gun visible on top of the pages. Sherlock wasn’t sure what they were. He sucked in a breath when he saw them. Old newspaper clippings.
John looked surprised. “I took it off after you kissed me, Sherlock. I left it at the flat today. God knows what I’ll do with it.”
“I don’t care, just get me
“What are you doing here?”
Sherlock tried to keep back tears. Crying was weakness. He didn’t cry. Sherlock Holmes, famous consulting detective,
“It’s either you want to check up on me, or something’s happened.”
“Can I tell him?” Sherlock nodded assent. “The people were murdered at the sight of famous deaths of people who were gay. The victims were gay as well.”
“When have I lied to you?” The words came out in a feeble attempt to get John to realise Sherlock still cared. Still trusted him.
“That’s not tobacco ash,” Sherlock said, with uncertainty.
*****
“It wasn’t a mistake,” John repeated. “Hell, I’m glad it happened.”
In response, he placed his hand on John’s chest. His heartbeat was quick under his shirt. John reached up and covered Sherlock’s hand with his own, and Sherlock forgot how to breathe. “I didn’t want you to leave,” he murmured finally.
“John, I need some air. Please. I need to think.” Sherlock sounded almost pleading now, and hated it, but he felt more and more suffocated the longer he stayed in the flat.
She smiled at him. “Is it dangerous?”
She marched him over to the kitchen, observing the drug lab on the table. She clasped the handcuffs around his wrist and sat across from him. “Your brother made me promise to tell him if you were back on this stuff.”
“You,” Sherlock admitted.
Sherlock’s feet carried him where he was supposed to go, while his mind was elsewhere. It wandered into places he absolutely did not want to be. He spent a few minutes perfectly cataloging the entire evening in his mind palace. Norbury. He expected white-hot anger to spike through his body when he thought of her, but couldn’t manage even that.
“I’ll meet you in the sitting room,” said John as he left the room.
He was sorting through a few files on John in his mind palace when he remembered. His birth certificate. Sherlock pressed his eyes closed even tighter, recalling the exact words on it.
They sat in silence until Sherlock dropped a potsticker in the soy sauce.
“You-really?” John sputtered.
Word count: 7,592
He figured that John did it because of adrenaline. He had been worried that Sherlock would die - Sherlock himself was worried that he would die - and it was a spur of the moment thing. Still, just in case it wasn’t an impulse, he thought he’d ask when they got home.
Mrs. Hudson came up later that afternoon bearing pastries and tea. Sherlock was curled on the couch with his back to the door. He heard her set the tray down and then her hand was on his shoulder.
“Is that truly what you believe I think of you?” The expression on John’s face was inexplicably sad.
“No.” John shook his head vehemently. “Don’t ever say that, Sherlock. I was lost without you when you were gone. I need you.”
The door to 221 slammed loudly behind him as Sherlock stormed up the seventeen steps to their flat. John closed his book and laid it in his lap, only half convincing himself that he had actually read it. He twisted in his chair to greet Sherlock as he stopped in the doorway. “Oh, hi.” Sherlock narrowed his eyes and scanned the flat, his eyes moving rapidly back and forth. “You okay?”
A brief smile flitted across John’s face before he let go of Sherlock’s hand. “Help me clean up?”
“Just tired,” John responded. His eyes looked a lot darker then they were when John arrived. He looked older, weary.
