John thinks, feeling his own tears finally letting loose as he keeps the pressure, unable to comfort or encourage Sherlock, his throat too tight with fear and sorrow, at everything that could go wrong, at the ordeal Sherlock has endured for hours.
“Snow.  In Sussex, on the second of June,” John says in a low voice, as if it is too improbable to state out loud.
"As for you, my dear John, I am sure one of the surgeries around here would be more than happy to hire someone with your competences.  If you would prefer a hospital, there are a couple in Brighton, which isn't that far from here."
"Yes, hum...  right.  I'm... calling."
"I love you too," Sherlock answers with a weak voice, cradling John's face as if it's porcelain ready to break.
John kneels between Sherlock's legs, sitting back on his heels, and lets him guide his hands into position.  "See?  Her bottom is now up, practically pressing on my stomach... And I think she's facing left, feel those smaller bumps?  It's her limbs."
John follows, finding Sherlock still pacing, up and down the side of the bed.
And then, twenty-four hours have passed and Sherlock is still nowhere to be seen.  The only logical thing to do next is to call Mycroft.
“My fiancé is about to give birth!” John yells back, using his hands to carry his voice.  “We need to get to the hospital.”
"It's done."
"I... I told him no," Sherlock whispers as if revealing a shocking secret.
to him?" John cannot hide the stupefaction in his voice.
"...palace is not ridiculous," Sherlock mumbles petulantly.
"Oh, nothing of interest, really.  A long-term project for my website which no one reads, according to you, regarding different fabric's resistance to elements."
Behind him, Sherlock moans in pain.  It grounds John.  He's a goddamn army captain, he can do this properly.  When he speaks again, his voice is low and calm.  Nevertheless, it makes a much stronger impression on the paramedic.
"Oh you'll tell me you weren't imagining taking our daughter here right now?"
John bursts out laughing at that.  "No, you stupid git, the couch!  How do you like it?  Is it comfortable?  What do you think of the colour? And the table I added as I surprise, do you like the table?"
"I didn't do anything good tonight, John.  Do not credit me with your life, I do not deserve it."
A shiver runs through him, and he has another series of nervous blinks.  John’s heart breaks in tiny pieces, but he keeps his own emotions to himself, instead focussing on Sherlock.
There is no secret I am mostly a hurt/comfort writer, and that my stories are characters study mainly.  The plot, for me, is always secondary to the journey of my characters.  The events are accessories to their reaction to them, and how it changes them.  Mpreg is the perfect subject to combine those two things : the opportunity to write a huge h/c story, and to have my characters progress and change through it all.
“He is my little brother,” Mycroft goes on in a dreamy voice.  “He was such an emotive child.  I adored him.  I think a lot about it these days, considering he is about to have a child himself.  I hope, if your daughter inherits Sherlock’s brain, he will be wise enough not to do what I myself did to him.  It is probably the mistake I regret the most.”
“You give my intelligence too much credit,” Sherlock replies, looking pleased, of course, because he’s always been sensitive to John’s praises.  “Of course, I did,” he adds after a second, smiling.  “But it didn’t change who I was, and I made it clear from the start that I wasn’t interested in any kind of relationship.  That said, I’m sure you have thought about it and deduced yourself that I might be inexperienced.  A virgin, that is to say.”
"Not a word," he mumbles.
happens.
"Sherlock," John repeats more firmly, giving him the most severe look he can manage.
“Sherlock?”
.  I’m not mad.  Don’t beat yourself up.”
"I love you," John says, because sometimes it is so acutely felt he just cannot help himself.
"It hurts," Sherlock cuts him out, grabbing John's shoulders.  "Oh. God.  It... John..."
"Hey, do not let what that despicable red-head said get to you.  You deduced her yourself, she's not worth listening to."
"I will sit with you for a little while," Sherlock tells him, bending over him to plant a soft kiss to his lips.  "Then I'll lay down on the couch."
"I... Yes, give me a minute. It was...  incredibly intense..."
"By the way, I do know your sense of smell isn't particularly developed, but you will have to be my nose, the congestion deprives me of... I would say...seventy-five percent of my scent perception."
“The people!  Everyone barging in here and...”
(See the end of the chapter for
"You don't say," John mocks fondly.
"You mean you won't jump in the air clapping and crying tears of joy?" John mocks.
Sherlock falls into a sulk as soon as the door closes behind the young woman, and it takes John bringing an offering of sweet milky tea and caramel biscuits (to help him wait until supper.  Yes, Sherlock Holmes now enjoys multiple snacks throughout the day.  John himself has trouble believing it.) for Sherlock to explain the reason of his frustration.
Luckily, they both have something to occupy themselves when it turns out Lestrade doesn’t have anything for Sherlock to work on at the moment.  It took some convincing, but he has agreed to help paint the nursery, despite the task being described as, of course “tedious.”  But hey, if it makes John happy, he’ll help.
"Anything interesting in the email box?"
It doesn't change the fact that John usually prefers not to discuss his relationship with Sherlock with her, and had advised Sherlock to do the same.  It would only be like pouring salt in the wound, engaging her into something she knows she can never have.
John tries to sit up but the world is spinning, and he can't seem to catch his breath.  He feels, with trembling hands, the wetness of his left leg, howling in pain when he inadvertently slides two fingers in the hole made in the clothing of his jeans, and the open wound right under.  He can
Sherlock is raised on his elbows, staring at him with wide eyes.  John tries to smile; he hopes it comes out correctly, because he doesn’t feel like smiling.  At all.
Sherlock kisses John's cheek, a chaste, delicate press of his lips.  "I love you too, John."
"Tonight," Sherlock says, almost shyly.  "I can give you a quick recap of the latest developments.  I didn't think you would want to be part of it."
Better sooner.
John walks slowly to the sitting room, and remains at the entrance, leaning against the door frame.  Sherlock is still fast asleep, curled on his side, one arm wrapped around his belly, the other resting, folded, under his head.  His sleep is not completely peaceful.  His mouth, half-opened, lets out a breathy moan on each exhale.  The frown between his eyes appears and disappears.  He’s stunning; vulnerable and strong, delicate and robust all together.
This is the last part of Accomplishment.  I hope you will enjoy it.  As explained in the previous chapter, I will add the "buy me a coffee" link at the end, and add some notes about this part.
"Nope.  You ate it last night when you couldn't sleep."
He drops his load on the bedside table. "Thought you might want something to read."
"It's okay, John, I'm here," Sherlock says calmly, pressing his forehead against John's.  The relief in instantaneous but results in another bout of ugly dry sobs.
He then hands over his phone.  John looks at the list. He has to scroll down.  Twice.  Everything is there, from pacifiers to baby formula, a stroller, a portable bed, "stimulating toys", a bottle steriliser, and so many other things -enough for John to realise, right on the spot, how little he knows about babies, really, which, he should have thought about sooner.  There are only three months left before his daughter's birth and gosh, he isn't ready.  He has never felt less ready in his life, including the first time he was deployed.
Sherlock walks back a couple of feet, looking at John quickly to flash him the same playful smile. He seems to be enjoying himself immensely.  To be honest, John is starting to have fun.
Instead of blushing, or apologising, or just going back to his work, Anderson shakes his head.  "No."
Sherlock shrugs.  Something indescribable washes over his face, as if, for a second, he's hit by a sudden bout of sadness.  But then, it's gone, and the smile is back.  "I thought it would be best for you to complete your convalescence there, but really,
He pumps the burning shaft twice, then pushes himself as deep as he can.  Sherlock's orgasm hits him hard; his whole body seems to lock as he chokes John's name, then he comes in three long spurts, shaken by a violent shiver with each one.  He has let go of the headboard to grab John's shoulders, his nails pressing into the skin, and as his asshole constricts rhythmically, generating more fluid, it brings John to completion within seconds.  He hears the long growl he pushes as he tries to bury himself even deeper, collapsing on Sherlock's shaking body.
"You know Sherlock Holmes," John says reassuringly, pressing Beeks to get on the move by trying to take a step forward in the narrow hallway.  "Trust me when I say he can handle it perfectly."
For a moment, it seems very likely that John will get punched in the face, but in the end, Sherlock turns his back to him and walks to their bedroom, shutting the door with a thunderous noise.
"Yes.  And everything is normal, she's doing fine."
“Come on, Sherlock, don’t be ridiculous, you are in pain,” Mycroft replies, which earns him an irritated look.
“Sit with me for a moment.”
“It’s ok, darling. It’s ok, to be scared.  Can I... can I touch you?”
"Because you think it's okay to do things like that!   Because, you arrogant dickhead, the universe doesn't revolve around you and life just goes fucking on, even when you're bored.  I'm sick and tired of dealing with your temper tantrums.  I didn't throw away your experiment to get back at you, I threw it away because we had a deal and you didn't hold your part.  But you, you destroyed my jumper to get back at me. Must have thought about it all night, huh?  How to get revenge on John for what he did.  Your brilliant mind suggesting multiple scenarios of what to do to upset me just right.  You know what?  Your bloody intelligence doesn't make you a better person because, when we're down to it, you can be as petty as the rest of us."
“I was thinking the exact same thing.”
They do an efficient job, John taking care of the corners and trim so that Sherlock doesn't have to bend himself in uncomfortable position, and can simply roll the walls.  After the first layer is done, around noon, they sit on the floor to eat the dinner Mrs. Hudson has prepared for them - a pretext to have a peak at the room and expressing her approval because she is not their cook, of course.
... It is another shock, then, that John finds out he's okay with it.  So very okay.  And while Sherlock tries to get his breathing rhythm back to normal, John find himself smiling.
Sherlock obeys, and by the redness of his face and the breaking of his voice, it's necessary.  He's panting now, licking his dried lips.  If John is honest, he hasn't followed the whole tirade, mind blank except for the simple fact that Sherlock is pregnant.  Funny, right?  He's known it for five days but now...
He would at least like for Sherlock's face to be the last thing he sees before dying.
"If you are trying to bribe me with sex, I'll have you know I might not control most of my body anymore, but I can still ignore its most basic instinct."
With those revelations, John soon began to feel something more than desire.  Was it love? It was becoming damn close to it, which was why John had been so upset during those hours of doubts and so scared it would turn into hate.  John sincerely thought he's okay with the resolution he has taken, that is to never, ever act on his feelings.  Sherlock seems to be asexual, or maybe has consciously convinced his body that he was.  John can’t risk losing their friendship and marvellous life to a declaration of feelings that would most certainly be unwelcome.  As long as Sherlock's alive and kicking, John can live with his crush.  ¸
John had yelled at him until his voice broke, burning with anger, but mostly fear, and it must have been impressive because Sherlock had understood. Hadn't even tried to argue.  In fact, he had been the one to promise he wouldn't lie again about his whereabouts, and he had respected his promise up until now.
-he emphasises the words he knows will hurt- “that is what we are talking about, right?"
"No, I said a two-mile radius around Southend Airport.  Am I...?  Of course I am certain, Gene, what sort of question is this? Yes, I'll wait."
Sherlock chokes on the last word, and instead waves at his stomach with a grimace.
“Really?  Small talk, Mycroft?”
"I have no desire to act upon the possibilities my biology offers me, and although the idea of a child might seem somewhat romantic, even to me, I won't ever change my mind," Sherlock declares, his voice confident but his eyes lost.
That first day, when John had returned from his very brief conversation with the agents, he had found Sherlock lying down in their bed.   Not asleep, nor thinking.  Crying very silently.  John had taken him into his arms and used all of his tricks to get him to talk.  “I miss home,” Sherlock had finally admitted between hiccups.  “This isn’t how the end of my pregnancy is supposed to go.  I refuse to give birth in Sussex.  I tried, but I cannot establish all the possible scenarios with the same precision because I am not familiar enough with the region.  I have never been to St Mary’s, and I will be forced to allow a stranger whom, for all I know, could very well be the worst androcologist in England, take control of my delivery.  It is awful, John.”
The wine might be hitting even harder than John had thought, because there he is, still laughing softly, sat on the luxurious bed.  It’s not only the wine, though.  It’s the relief of knowing Peter Blair is back in jail and not hovering around, ready to attack Sherlock.
“Sherlock has been through rough patches over the years.  He’s been doing better ever since he began to work with the Yard, and I intend for it to stay that way.”
"Did you study them?" John asks, wondering what it is with Sherlock's sudden fascination for flora.
John knows one of the participants has been getting on Sherlock's nerves since the beginning.  She's a tall, red-headed woman with a loud, nasal voice, the type of person who has the impression she has to share her personal story for the benefit of humanity.  Lisa something, or Lila something, had been interrupting the teacher almost constantly during the presentation, and now that discussion is allowed, she has her grain of salt to add to everyone else’s comments, mostly to put herself in a positive light.  As soon as the blond  is finished, once again, she's ready to fire back.
- that would be the physical resonance of their love for each other, as romantic and cliché at is sounds, has a way of sneaking at the back of John's mind.
When the last aftershock subsides, Sherlock is still looking down at John.  His eyes are wet, his expression the closest to ecstasy John has ever seen on anyone.  It feels, for a long, delightful second, like Sherlock is pouring his soul -his feelings, his sentiments - straight from his shocked eyes to John's.  And he won't stop shaking. John tries to ground him. "Ah, there's a good lad...  You were great, Sherlock.  God, it's... Thank you, thank you for giving this to me."
If someone is worthy of a second chance, it's Sherlock.
John is very glad, then, that Sherlock loses interest in scaring Anderson and walks quickly towards the body, because he does not hear one of the cops murmuring.  "Yeah, the freak definitely needs some space," referring of course to Sherlock's weight.
That is, as long as the dream doesn't come back; which, as it is caused by Sherlock's current state, is completely out of John's control.
Sherlock, who has a tendency not to pick up on jokes if they aren't very obvious, protests.
John undresses and kneels between Sherlock's parted legs. He sees the wetness between his thighs and his mouth waters.  Carriers aren't regular in their cycles, but right now, there is no doubt Sherlock is fertile.  He's leaking too much for it to be otherwise and there is this faint but unmistakable sweetness that's swelling the usual lovely scent of Sherlock's arousal.
"I... yesterday evening?" Lestrade's face is getting pink, and the way he clenches his jaw tells John he's reached the point where he's had enough with Sherlock.  It's a very singular process, that John has come to recognise every time. Sometimes Lestrade's patience can go for days.  Other times, when Sherlock is in an especially foul mood, or if the crime is bothering him more than others, his saturation point is reached in a matter of minutes.
John has the feeling that if he doesn’t stop him, Sherlock will never shut up.  It’s not that John isn’t interested in the story, it’s the fact that Sherlock is working himself up, his voice harsher and higher than usual, his eyes wide and staring everywhere but at John’s. Speech is one of Sherlock's most evident and used coping mechanisms, but right now, it’s not calming him, it’s leading him to a full nervous breakdown.  John can’t remember having seen him in such an anxious state before.
Oh.  Shit.
Sherlock stares at him in astonishment, lifting an arm and pointing toward the living room without looking.
, comes the annoying response, five minutes later.
Mycroft ignores the insults and turns toward John.  “I just spoke to Anthea.  If everything goes well, the helicopter should be able to take off in twenty minutes.  The weather is improving.  I had someone pick up Doctor Brown, she will be part of the flight.”
“And I am a doctor.  If it comes to that- and trust me, Sherlock, Mycroft will use all of his resources to get us out of here -but if even the British government himself  can’t  get you to a hospital in time, I swear on my mother’s grave I will take care of you and deliver our baby safely.  I am an army surgeon.  You are in good hands.  Alright?”
(Yes, John's jumper, because Sherlock has stated that wearing one's companion clothes while sick is a well known practice and that he needs to experiment to see if there is any real effect  in providing a quicker recovery like some study seems to suggest.  He doesn't fool John, though, because as much as Sherlock likes to call them ugly and ridiculous, he indubitably is comforted by John's jumpers.  He's seen him more than once holding one of them and pressing it to his face, rubbing his cheek against the fabric.  Which is adorable and a bit creepy, but it's Sherlock, so it's alright).
John laughs too.  It hurts like hell, but he doesn’t care.  He’s alive, Sherlock is as well, and for now, it’s more than enough.
“Yes, come on little bee.”
Saint-June explains to him that he might still feel confused and not to worry if he can't remember the past hours clearly.  It is due to a combination of the brain reacting to trauma and the heavy doses of painkillers he's been given. John knows all this, but it is comforting still. He stares into June's eyes -a bright green colour, almond-shaped, a beautiful contrast against her black skin - and imagines she must be as beautiful as she is kind.  No other doctor has had the time to treat John like a human being and not a broken machine -when one life is at stake, there are other matters at hand.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock gives him a stern look.  "You know how much I hate surprises."
Thank you guys for all your wonderful, positive, and encouraging comments.
"It is when a couple, or two people who are emotionally close and dependant of each other, experience a situation when one of them suffers a psychotic event, or acute mental illness, and contaminates the other.  It's the psychological equivalent of a contagious illness.  If you hadn't been contaminated by her psychotic thoughts, you would have done something when her state got worse, caused by what must have been a severe post-partum depression. "
“Wh...What?”
There is an impatient knock at the door.  Sherlock brushes past John, an amused smile on his face.  "Is it too optimistic to believe he could die from the shock?"
John does.  He knows there is no way six minutes have passed since the last one, and Sherlock must know it too. Neither of them mention it.
Yes, he knows.  Has always known.  It's what makes the Nightmare so bloody frightening, because he can't wake up.  God he wants to, but he can't, and the jeep leaves the camp in a cloud of sand.
"Oh."
“It’s eight hundred and twenty-seven,” Sherlock mumbles.  He crosses his arms over his chest, ready to indulge in yet another sulking session, when suddenly, his face lights up, just the way it does when he understands a difficult problem.
“I am nothing else than an incubator on legs by now, let’s be honest,” Sherlock adds, his smile widening, as if he finds the image funny.  “My body is entirely at the disposition of my pregnancy, to my detriment.”
John has thought about it before, about how it would feel to finally kiss Sherlock.  If reality enhances the hesitation and clumsiness, it is still so much better.  John is fully hard, he needs to touch, to caress, to whisper obscenities into Sherlock’s ear, and oh God, his hair.  John doesn’t want to deprive himself anymore –he shoves both hands in the silky curls and runs them along Sherlock’s scalp, his fingers pressing softly, his nails scratching at it.  Sherlock groans loudly, presses his face forward like he wants to be closer to John, like he wants them to be one.  He bites at John’s lower lip, softly, then begins to suck on it, panting rhythmical moans straight into John’s mouth.
"Oh."
"Sherlock, I am fine," John says slowly.  "I know it's been a hell of a night, and what happened is no one's fault except for Laura McMasters."
"Was there really a diamond?" John asks.
Ok.  How to say this?  Some time ago, I opened a "buy me a coffee" account and put a link somewhere in my fic at the end of a chapter.  I was really reluctant to do so, and here is why.
John waits.  His own cock pulses in agreement.
"Yes."
"It's only me.  You were dreaming.  Everything is fine."
John is getting seriously pissed-off.
"Sherlock," John says as rationally as he can.
"Well, you’ll sleep on the couch."
"No.  He's scared about the birth.  He's scared of doing something wrong.  He's scared of being a father.  His intelligence isn't an asset in these circumstances, because he knows far too much about everything that could go wrong.  He cannot ignore it.  And he's relying entirely on you to reassure him.  His trust is... well, you know how it is, I suppose.  The thing is, if he thinks you do not trust me, as a competent doctor, to do my job, how can he?  There will be one point where he'll be in labour and you'll have to leave it to me.  Because you are the father of the child, you aren't his physician.  Not in these circumstances.  I will need you to let me do my job, and to reassure him about my adequacy."
, he thinks, and the enormity of his epiphany makes it hard to breath.  Sherlock.  He's it for me.  I can never go back to before.  I won't.  How can there be someone else after him?  Jesus, how can there even be an after him?
Sherlock has left him there, called by Lestrade, and so John busies himself taking some note for his blog.  He doesn't know how many minutes go by, or what exactly makes him lift his head at the right moment.
Sherlock shivers, then lets out a tired laugh.  “Some are lucky enough to expel the baby in three or four pushes.  Of course, it isn’t my case.  It would have been too simple.”
Annoyed but seemingly too tired to argue, Sherlock follows John in their bedroom.  He's almost passive, shedding off his clothes and then lying on his back while John holds the duvet.
"Well, you don't really have the choice."
"What?"
Sherlock gives an awfully long sigh, for better dramatic effect probably, and joins his hands together under his chin.
The only truly negative aspect of the expelled phase is the short period of time in between the contractions.  A new pattern has emerged: they are regular again, but with barely two minutes in between, it doesn’t give Sherlock much time to rest.  John has suggested he can skip a contraction, and keep his strength to push during the next one, but Sherlock can’t.  The urge is too great to fight it.  Nevertheless, so far, he’s holding his own.
Well, John had gotten the message loud and clear.  Sherlock was closing himself off to him once more -it hadn't happened in a long time.  Apparently, John only had to lower his guard down for it to come back and bite him in the arse.  The nature of the case hadn't helped.  Sherlock had spent most of those eleven days playing an online game called
"It is good, it is very good," Sherlock carries on in a contented voice.  "I had calculated the time between each contraction when I had the second one; of course, it wasn't precise, but I've developed a method to evaluate correctly the passing of time, and I found that there was paroxi... Apoxss..."
John makes up his mind and sits back between Sherlock's legs, ignoring his groan of protest.  He shuts up and gasps in surprise when John takes his cock between his fingers, lifting it away from his testicles.  Sherlock hums under his breath and his already erect cock hardens more under John's touch.
When John comes back, Sherlock is already half-asleep.  He shivers when John cleans him and mumbles about the cold.  John is quick to discard the flannel on the floor and slides back into bed, letting Sherlock settle in his favourite position, half of his body resting on John's, his head shoved in the crook of his neck.
Too hungry to stay in the kitchen with the divine aromas of Mycroft’s cooking, John announces he’ll go get the guest room ready, getting an indifferent “mmh” from both brothers.  Nothing like two Holmes to make you feel insignificant, he thinks, downing his wine in one long gulp.
"I know.  I know, I... maybe... Maybe when she's born I could... If you don’t mind, which I would understand.  Completely.  But maybe I could visit, you know, just to meet her?"
“It seems... ah... the pain is already getting worse,” Sherlock whispers, then moans quietly.
It is a peaceful morning.  John stands at his favourite spot in front of the window, drinking a coffee, feeling completely awake despite having covered for a colleague at the A & E during the night.
"Mmh," Sherlock agrees, already relaxing.
"Besides, I am the one who should apologise," Sherlock admits, breaking their silent embrace.  "I haven't been on my best behaviour today.”
"You know, John.  We are incredibly melodramatic tonight."
The confidence is out of John’s mouth before he realises what he’s about to say.  He then feels frozen, unable to move or speak.
"John?"
Sherlock is pacing, now.
When they part, Sherlock is studying him, one eyebrow raised.
Sherlock blinks nervously at John, several times in a row.  Mycroft takes a step back.  He’s pale as a sheet.
"I’m really, really looking forward to it," John says sincerely.  He's ridiculously touched, just imagining Sherlock determined to find a way to make his convalescence easier, knowing and accepting of John's fear of being useless, his belief he cannot be dependent on others without becoming a burden.
To their credit, they do stand up, holding onto each other, but the call of Sherlock's bedroom is way too tempting and it is Sherlock that guides John to his bed, have him lay down on too soft sheets in the half-light.  He let himself fall next to him and sighs, apparently satisfied.
Sherlock rarely does this kind of stuff.  He's a cuddler, and a demanding one at that, but outside of the bedroom, his touches remain chaste, innocent. Maybe his mood has really improved after all, and his attitude isn't exclusively due to Mycroft's presence.
"With our child being born, it has become evident to me that the nature of my relationship with my parents is going to change, and I am not sure it is something I want."
“It won’t be long now,” John says in a reassuring tone.  “Does it hurt?”
“It isn’t Bolognese, it’s Puttanesca sauce, Mycroft’s specialty,” Sherlock pipes without looking up.  “He learned to cook it just to torture me.”
"Shut up and take me back home." Sherlock is so deeply humiliated he has skipped anger to get right to pleading.
“I’m here.  I’m right here, I’m not leaving you.”
"I'm not an idiot," Sherlock protests.  "And I already made an appointment with my tailor.”
"Yes, f'course."
John feels himself blush, setting things into motion.  He's struck by how Sherlock looks.  It's not just about the obvious signs of physical desire - the way he's leaning toward John, breathing already picking up - it's also about what can be read in Sherlock's eyes: uncertainty and arousal, anticipation, shyness and affection.  John has never seen him so open before and it triggers a burning fire in the pit of his stomach.  He's already hard and he hasn't even kissed Sherlock yet, but then he goes for it, starting by pressing small kisses all over the other man's face.
And then he sees.
John doesn't like it.
Sherlock has noticed too.  He follows John to the kitchen.
“Oh, god, look at you.  Fuck, Sherlock, you’re beautiful.”
"You're bloody right!" Lestrade calls from the lakeshore.
"She was bonkers.  Totally bonkers."
Even more surprising is how tiredness falls upon John and how - instead of taking advantage of this brief lull in the midst of a tempest and sort his own thoughts, instead of allowing himself to process the turmoil of emotions he has refused to acknowledge so far from the moment he saw the first tiny plus sign appear - how he just surrenders and lets sleep overtake him.
“Sherlock’s water broke.  We need to go to the hospital.”
"Are you out of your mind John?  Imagine our child raised by a couple of...goldfish," he spits like he's just said a blasphemy.
"The bleeding stopped.  Did you know?"
It shouldn't have come as a surprise.  Medical appointments are a great source of stress for Sherlock.  It is not easy for him to remain in control of his emotions when they are that intense, and they had been.  John could easily deduce it, when Amy Brown had done the sonogram.  Sherlock's nervousness translates in many mannerisms, amongst them a specific tone of voice when he actually speaks, because he usually tries to keep quiet when he’s unnerved, undoubtedly afraid of losing control of what comes out of his mouth in strings of nervous, never-ending sentences.
“Another contraction,” Sherlock warns.  “Please keep holding me.”
Sherlock allows himself to smile while undoing the buttons of his shirt.  "Very well.  First things first: of course, sexual intercourse is out of the question.  I'll remind you that my parent's bedroom is right below ours.  Second, I have no idea what you are referring too; it surely is another pop culture reference I do not get, but my old room has long since been converted into an office for my mother."
John is quick to fetch the water and the flannel.  He doesn't want to give Sherlock the time to compose himself and retreat behind his walls.  He finds him still sitting, although it seems like an effort to hold himself up.  John wipes his face delicately with the flannel, trying to catch his gaze but failing.  Sherlock drinks the whole glass of water, loudly, then silently hands it to John.  He's still shaking, although it is now more from exhaustion than stress.
"I never thought it could feel so good, how is it feeling so good," he pants, shoving his head in the crook of John's neck, sucking at the skin there.  "I am obviously demisexual."
John rubs at his face, coming to his senses, and realising, as the last remnant of sleep clears from his mind, that he's in bed, not on a crime scene.  The room is freezing.  He wraps himself tighter in his blanket as he sits up to see what Sherlock is up to and who is being yelled at.  He must have woken up and taken a call.  It's the only explanation making sense...
Sherlock opens his mouth but John doesn't give him time to answer.  "You will let me talk," he roars, summoning all his decreasing strength.
"Come on," John coaxes softly, taking Sherlock's hand.  "Come and see, this is all the most advanced instruments a civilian can legally own, and the fridge is simply gigantic, Mycroft picked it himself. The light over the working table is – “
"To be honest, I don't know about the correct etiquette when it's time to pick godparents.  I guess family members first, right?"
"Come here, you," John whispers, pleased to see Sherlock on the move immediately, eager, even though he still tries to hide it.  He takes off his suit jacket (and there it goes down the floor) and waits a second in front of John's chair, like he's suddenly remembering something.
Sherlock presses a hand on the left side of his belly.
The sonogram is Sherlock's breaking point.  He has managed superbly, so far, given that early ultrasounds are performed internally and he finds himself in a hospital gown lying on a table, with his legs spread in stirrups and Dr. Brown's right arm disappearing under an almost translucent sheet covering his lower body.  Somehow, Sherlock's dignity is still intact.  He stays perfectly still, his head turned to the left so he can stare at the sonogram screen, his chin still raised in defiance as if John would burst out laughing regarding his position at any given time.  He listens to Amy Brown's explanations, clearly refraining himself from cutting her out because he already is an expert on prenatal development.  John watches him closely as the little bean (the
"So, the Green Thumb."
"What is it?"
That must have been what woke John in the first place.  This character trait Sherlock finds fascinating, how John is able to sleep so lightly he's able to hear him each time he says his name.  It's training, John had shrugged, keeping to himself the fact that only Sherlock has ever had that effect on him.  He's awakened more quickly by his lover's voice than by the army alarm that would resonate in the middle of the night, piercing the silence.
He's kneeling in his two hundred pound trousers, his coat resting around him like an improbable gown.  Despite his Belstaff protecting him from the cold, he is shivering now and then, his shoulder that's brushing against John's arm trembling every five minutes or so, with some teeth chattering.  There, John's irritation rises up a notch, because of course Sherlock is cold, and of course his voice is breaking.  There are only so many days one can go with only a few hours of sleep, living on tea, before the body begins to protest.  And since this is the subject of constant fighting between them, John think he is entitled to point out the evidence.
Sherlock shakes his head violently and stands up, pacing back and forth at the side of John’s bed.
"Even you, the great Sherlock Holmes, cannot make a baby  by yourself.  Now, listen to me, okay? I am taking half the burden you're carrying.  Right now.  There. You should feel lighter already.  Even more so, I refuse to blame myself so don't inflict it upon you.  It's an accident.  Those things happen.  Contraceptives are efficient but they are not infallible.  You certainly won't be the first person to become pregnant that way."
"Well, criminals are rarely tactful enough to wait for me to be at the top of my game," Sherlock jokes weakly.
John bends down and presses his lips on Sherlock’s; he doesn’t try to move, to open up or use his tongue.  He needs to feel Sherlock’s reaction first.
"Given her medical ailments, and general health conditions, she has probably still four years to live, if she doesn't encounter an accidental death in the meantime."
John cannot imagine a scenario where Sherlock will easily slide into the role of the expectant father.  He's so conflicted that every step getting them closer to becoming three will be a fight, John knows it.  Sherlock will never stop being Sherlock, and John will always need to protect him, from others, but also from himself.
John, of course, had previously laid down on the floor a couple of clean sheets,which are getting soiled rapidly with watery pink fluid.  He still holds his baby –his baby girl, with her tiny face frozen in a decided pout- and grabs a towel, beginning to clean her up.
"Fine.  I'm shutting up.  There.  See, let's freeze to death together in silence," John replies as harshly as Sherlock, and given the angry, exasperated look Sherlock gives him back, he knows the only reason they are not yelling at each other is because it would ruin Sherlock's plan.
"Really, Sherlock?  You don't sound like yourself," Mycroft goes on, ignoring John.
Beeks grimaced.  He apparently does not like the term.
"Jesus, John, I'll pay for that fashion nightmare you call a jumper if it matters so much.  Please don't act like a child."
And John discovers that being in doctor mode doesn't help at all when it's someone you love.  When it's your baby. He calls Lestrade, and his voice, unsurprisingly, sounds just as hurt, and scared, as Sherlock's.
"What about... tea?  Isn't the caffeine contained in it severely restricted for a pregnant person's consumption?"
.  Okay.  Sherlock feels guilty.  John wonders if he should be mad.  He doesn’t feel mad.  Hiding his intention of setting a meeting with Moriarty to show him the damn Bruce-Partington plans is so... Sherlock.  He had to win, though he hadn’t approved of the game he had been forced to play.
"There."
They make love that night.  John takes his time taking Sherlock apart, attentive but determined, making him come twice by speaking to him the whole time, murmuring praise after praise, all of them deeply felt to make Sherlock understand how beautiful he is, to make him believe it. He could put on forty pounds and be just as desirable, his body telling the tale of the acceptance of his newfound humanity, his love for John and their baby.
"How can you imagine I would prefer you stay here out of... selfishness, so that I do not have to take care of you?"
"Sherlock, you know how little patience I have for being thanked,” he states with as much disdain he can put in his voice, although his eyes stay soft.  "Please save me from any form of discourse praising my generosity and just go play with your new toys."
They have barely made it outside when Sherlock stops dead.  "Gavin?  Yes.  Yes.  You are looking for an immigrant or a refugee, someone who's presence here wasn't registered."
"That is what I thought," Sherlock says quickly.  "John, help me up."
Sherlock had calmed down, but he had remained moody and irritable.  He was too tired to do anything physical, even walks were reduced to rounding the cottage a couple of times.  He had already lost some of his newfound hunger before the Blair mess, and it got worst.  He made an effort, though, and it was almost painful watching him eat out of obligation.  All he did for four days was sit on the porch, in the old rocking chair, looking at the sea.  His mood did improve, but very progressively.  John couldn’t wait for Blair to be caught.  He had given it two days, three at most.  He knew the man wasn’t that much of a menace.  He knew they were protected, but he couldn’t shake off the fear of something going wrong, and his soldier hyper-awareness had prevented him from getting any good sleep or letting Sherlock out of his sight for more than a few minutes.
Their mother's sister had moved to Scotland when she married, but they had always stayed close.  John and Harry used to visit often during the summer, or the winter holidays.  Those are such happy memories.  John's father would stay back in England, refusing to take even a day off work, and the absence of his cold, crushing presence was like a balm, each time they were away.  John's mother would relax and smile; Harry would be less combative, as even at a young age, she was always waiting for the next confrontation, picking fights with Henry Watson on everything, all the time.  As for John, it was a wonderful feeling, being away.  He then would allow himself to be a kid, just a kid, without the weight of unreachable expectation, impossible standards.  And he's getting way too emotional now.  As much as he tries to fight it, he is touched by Harry's gesture.  It is also nice to know she is with family. It usually means she tries to stay away from booze.
“We are out of power,” Mycroft declares.  He looks funny, wearing one pair of John’s pyjama pants, way too short for him.
John lifts her up, Sherlock’s voice coming to him like a distorted echo, pleading to see her, asking if she is fine.  His blue eyes stare into John, then at the small bundle in his hands, just in time to hear her first wail.
The expression on Sherlock's face when Dr. Brown tells them she doesn't see the necessity to pursue the strict bed rest is lovely, a combination of surprise and immense relief.   His smile does not leave his face while Amy helps him out of the stirrups and in a sitting position on the examination table.
And then it happens.  Sherlock's face contorts into a grimace, as if he's in pain -in the same time, he gets away from John's grasp and folds himself in two. For a second, John thinks he might have misread the whole thing, and that Sherlock is about to vomit all over the floor.  But no.  The wail that tears his throat ends up in a violent sob, low and raw and wet. Sherlock hiccups a shuddering intake of breath as tears - huge, round tears - are already spilling onto his cheeks.  His voice rises higher, and the following sobs are like cries of pain.
John had seen Mycroft going speechless before, but it never gets old, how his overly confident voice breaks and his mouth hangs open -not much, but still- while his usual disdainful expression elapses, for at least a short moment.
"I went out and... "
"John?"
John doesn't miss the soft plead behind Sherlock's casual tone.  "Ok.  Go on."
"What?!" John exclaims.
"Yes just... wait a second, ok?"
“Oh dear God, love really does that to people,” Mycroft whispers, shaking his head.  “Sherlock said the same thing.  How terrified he was.  It would be funny if it wasn’t a pathetic cliché.  But I’m not one to judge."
a genius."
“Sherlock.”
Long story short?  That is why this chapter is shorter than the others, but I think you guys will forgive me.
John smiles and makes a gesture of keeping his mouth shut.
::: ::
"Come on, darling, I'm close too.  Want me to touch you, Sherlock? Want me to take care of you, right?  Jerk you off just like you need-"
She smiles, eyes watery, and uses the last tube, barely taking the time to put a Band-Aid on Sherlock's arm before she disappears.
"Yes, we sleep."
"Yes.  Yes, I'm fine, it's all fine.  I just..." John drops Sherlock's t-shirt and smiles as convincingly as he can.  "I'm being an idiot," he adds.
"Sherlock, I'm not going anywhere," John practically screams to cover Sherlock's loud intakes of breath and mumbled nonsense.
“Sherlock, listen to me.  I know it hurts, because the head has breached.  That’s what you feel.  It’s good, it’s almost done.  You have to push it out now.  Come on.”
Making a plan might be Sherlock’s domain, but John is certain the actual work that needs to be done isn’t something he’s looking forward to.  Come to think of it, he has no idea if Sherlock likes to work with his hands, and if he is any good at it.  Well, he is, in very specific domains –like music, or chemistry - the way he manipulates pipettes and microscope slides is fascinating to witness, his movement easy and sure.  Imagining him painting a wall, though, just doesn’t work. John chuckles, thinking of Sherlock with a smear of paint in his impeccable hair, or wearing one of those paint overalls.
John then realises Sherlock has not answered yet and is busy breathing through his nose without sounding too congested.
He lifts a conniving eyebrow at Sherlock who smiles in return.  Still slightly dizzy, John sees Claire Green's gun has fallen from her hand and kicks it away from her with his foot.  He better not try to bend his head right now.  He doesn't need to anyway.  The woman is curled on herself, both hands pressed to her face, moaning in pain and insulting him in between loud pants.  She has quite the colourful language, as it turns out.  John doesn't remember ever being called a "fucking arse face" before.
"Look at it Sherlock.  It's a tiny human being, someone we made together," John whispers, as much as to express his own emotions and let Sherlock know how he feels, as to see Sherlock's reaction.
Moriarty is scared.  For the first time since he had kidnapped John on his way to pick up a medical file at Sarah’s, the crazy bastard is scared.  He knows Sherlock can shoot any second.  Not even his hidden gunmen can kill him fast enough to prevent it.  Moriarty’s face crumple; he suddenly looks like a whiny, ugly little kid about to wet his trousers.  John represses a nervous laugh bubbling in his throat.  He wishes Sherlock would just shoot his gun and get it over with.
"Mmh? Oh.  I was just thinking," Sherlock mumbles.
No no no no no.  Needs to keep his head clear.
Then, a cold hand takes his, and presses it softly.  Sherlock's.  And it means :
John suspects Sherlock's resistance might have something to do with the person it makes him: a son, always loved, sometimes scolded, who will forever remain a little boy in his parent's eyes.  It's hard to keep his cold, composed persona in those occasions, and the smallest hint at affection has him fighting fiercely -yes, there, again, like a small boy.  When Louisa had called to invite them over for Christmas, she had cleverly spoken with John instead of being rebuffed by her son.  John had decided it would be the perfect occasion to finally tell them about Sherlock's pregnancy, mostly because he knows Sherlock would push the moment back as long as possible. He's already two weeks into his second trimester and so far, they’ve only told Mrs. Hudson, more out of necessity than anything else.  With Sherlock throwing up so often, she had come to think he was severely sick and that they were hiding it to avoid upsetting her.
"Tired, but good.  I'll be able to go home in a couple of days."
“My god, Sherlock, you are amazing, you are doing it, you can push now, the worst is done.”
Lifting his head, John sees Sherlock, seated on the other side of the table, gazing at a picture.  He turns it to show Louisa.  It's a garden in front of an old, decrepit house.  An auburn head of curls is showing in the middle of a bush of tall ferns.
"Sherlock is never more unkind than to the people close to him, those he cares about," he says, matter-of-factly.  "I don't suppose it comes to you as a surprise?  He hates caring, even more so to be cared for, because it makes him vulnerable.  That is a speculation, of course -although I am rarely wrong-  but he must feel utterly out of his depth as well as overwhelmed by the happenstance of his pregnancy. He now has to live with the vulnerability that comes with it for the upcoming months and he cannot do a thing about it."
He doesn't see where he is going, though, so he can't help but jump in surprise when the suitcase is taken away from him.  Adrian Holmes pats him on the back, then stretches his hand.
He wears jeans.  He had them when they had arrived, new jeans -a paternity cut-, and when he put them on, he had silently challenged John to say something, evidently embarrassed by his new look.  Which is ridiculous.  He is sexy, even out of his skin and his element, his grace trying to adapt to a more casual style.  Later, he had explained to John that he didn't really have a choice: the trousers he's ordered from his tailor aren't ready, and not really fitting for the country, anyway. John hopes he will keep wearing the jeans once in a while in London.
"No, Sherlock stop I got this, damn it!  Let me bloody help him..."
"Yes, you're right."
“Hey, relax, there is no reason to panic.  It happens, in the active phase, sometimes the contraction lose the pattern they were following.  It’s ok to be hurting, Sherlock, you’ve been managing brilliantly so far, but you are going through the most painful part.  Relax, alright?  I’m here.”
"Erm.  Yes.  Pregnant.  From me.  Obviously.  Oh God, I did not just say that."
"Well, alright, then.  Make an appointment."
John is rendered silent by the sudden press of Sherlock's hand against his mouth.  At the same time, he hears it: footsteps on the pavement, loud and quick; a woman's, probably in boots with heels.  Wow, he's getting good at that whole deduction thing -not that he would tell Sherlock, who would then look at him as if he were an adorably stupid puppy, but according to his own standards, he has made progress.
"Stop fussing and open the damn door, John," he grumbles.
"You aren't doing it for the money, Sherlock, because you don't have to.  It might be a boring, unnecessary matter to you, but you know damn well most people do not have your luck, they aren't born rich. Poverty, it does ring a bell, yeah?  Kids needing to be fed breakfast at school because their parents cannot afford three meals a day?"
"I don't know, but I didn't imagine it would feel that way," Sherlock admits.
"With pleasure."
But, like I've said... this is a personnal choice.
He puts the last word in quotes as if it is an exotic term he's still getting used to.
"Did you stay?"
"Yes."
"Huh.  Me too. So, um... "
Now, John wonders if he has time to tell Sherlock that no, he isn’t disappointed at all.  In the end, he had understood that it is because Sherlock did care about those hostages and innocent victims that he couldn’t allow himself to care, not if he wanted his incredible brain to work as efficiently  as possible.  As with everything else regarding the man, his mind is made of contradictions.  And John had been stupid to think that maybe, just maybe, he had been wrong, and that Sherlock’s self-proclaimed sociopathy was an undeniable fact.
It seems to be exactly what Sherlock needs to hear.  John keeps working on his nipples, feeling him relax, even though he tenses back almost immediately, but this time, it is clear it's from arousal.   And when Sherlock's hands grip the sheets, John knows he's got him.  He's already well settled between Sherlock's parted legs.  He bends over him, arms on each side of his face, very careful not to touch his swollen sac by accident.  It's getting harder to hold this position, though, with Sherlock's belly in the way.  In the same time, it is incredibly erotic, for John, to feel it pressed against himself, catching the tip of his erect cock.  The intense sensation makes him conscious of his own arousal, and the amazing ball of heat growing in his belly
"No, I am not upset by my mother's initial assumption. It is exasperating but understandable."
Sherlock groans in frustration, and John cannot help himself, he has to kiss the frustration away from his beautiful face.  Sherlock opens to him immediately, and when John pulls back, he blinks slowly at him.
Sherlock had examined John's face for several seconds, probably pondering if he would really dare act on his threat.
Finally, around three in the afternoon, John parks the car in the Holmes' drive.  They must have heard them coming, because Mrs Holmes is already out, walking down the stairs and waving.
And there is Sherlock, his chest covered in pink blotches, his now damp hair falling into his eyes, one hand pressed on John's heart, the other holding John's cock -Sherlock sexy as hell lining himself up, biting at his lips as he sinks down, slowly, until he's seated completely.
The plan...?  Oh.  The plan... right.  John rubs at his face, remembering the date.  He was supposed to find a way to take Sherlock out of the flat tomorrow, while Mycroft would coordinate the make-over of Sherlock's future laboratory in 221a.  He doesn't need to think long before answering.
"I am behaving just like you want me to," Sherlock hisses, his mouth quirking into an ugly grimace, his eyes full of angry tears.
John resettles so that he can slide a hand between their stomachs and take a hold of Sherlock's prick.  It twitches violently in his grip, precome sliding down John's hand.
Begins running toward John.
"Aren't you relieved we have told your parents?"  He directs his mind -and the conversation- elsewhere.
Sherlock wiggles his toes under the water, making John laugh.  While he works the long pale toes, Sherlock apologises for his behaviour during the class, and John does, too.They come to the conclusion that they shouldn’t go back –
John shuts up Sherlock with a sloppy kiss, feeling his own dick beginning to fill.  He can't help it, there are so many things about his lover that turn him on.  Like this, what he's just said with such candour.  He manages to be both shy and shameless when it comes to his sexual needs and tastes.
Sherlock makes a curious deduction the morning after the end of the case.  John has put him in a hot bath , hoping the vapour can help him with his clogged sinus.  Then, kneeling on the floor near him, he washes Sherlock’s hair tenderly, taking time to massage his skull. Sherlock becomes very quiet, humming low in his throat, looking like he's ready to fall asleep.
"Just so you know, John, I did hydrate as much as I could, but being sick every four hours or so makes it difficult to keep a balance."
John knows.  Sherlock suffers, someone has to pay.  And all that knowledge doesn't help, because yes, it still hurts.
Sherlock shakes harder, enough for John to worry and strengthen his hold while pulling his head back so that he can look at him.
"Fuck time!" Sherlock says harshly.  "I cannot live with myself knowing it could happen again.  I have made enemies, John.  It may be too late to keep you and our daughter safe.  And even then, I am having an awful lot of difficulty, right now, not to call Lestrade.  What does that say about me?"
Stephen Beeks nods.
"There is... no good answer, isn't there?" Sherlock asks, sighing.
"This wonderful news shakes things up so much.  In a good way, of course, but it remains that Sherlock has closed himself off to us for so long ago now that I am not sure if he would be willing to accept our presence in his life on a more regular basis."
"You're welcome."
Sherlock is sitting next to him.  It's his hands that are holding John in place, resting flat on his chest.  John nods, and concentrates on breathing, trying to free himself of the last sticky remnants of the dream.  Sherlock looks better, and his eyes are clear, honest.  The light in the room has changed.  It's almost dark outside.
When John gets home and opens the flat's door, his first thought is that he's not home at all.  Nope.  He must have gone through some parallel universe portal because this flat, although it is similar in each point to John's, is so clean it's unreal.  Hell, the smell of disinfectant makes his nose itch.  John takes a couple of steps inside, taking everything in; the floor is of a colour at least one tint clearer than usual -that's how bad it was- and it is shining.  Like... it's pristine enough to eat on -even better, John realises, sliding his hand on the wooden surface, the
Afterward, showering together had become one of their rituals, especially after a case.  It doesn't always end up with sex, but for John, it is clear how much Sherlock loves the proximity, the absence of any artifice that leaves them both naked, wet, moving around each other while they get clean, not caring if a position isn't especially sexy or flattering.  Water sliding on their skin in the crude light, revealing small imperfections, and for Sherlock, his washing ritual is so private, that moment where he gets ready before putting on his armour, that John knows he considers this as another demonstration of the total trust he has in him.
John strengthens his hold.  Sherlock snarls -snarls, like a freaking dog- at him and, without warning, gives a violent tug.
“Okay, huh, first of all: can you stop being so cryptic?  What purpose does it serve when there is no one here but us?  Second, I do know what you are saying, but I also think you are wrong and I have no idea what I’m doing here."
"The Sussex climate is the warmest in England.  I thought it would be beneficial for your recovery.  It has been proven that-"
an active member of society.  You are doing a lot of good.  And you're not an addict anymore, haven't been in a long time.  Hell, you're going to have a baby and get married.  You're settling down...  Hey, at least, I could vouch for you, instead of Mycroft, I don't mind."
“Correct.”
She shakes her head, and John waits silently, because it is not a question, but a reflection.
, Sherlock mumbles disdainfully), which occupies Sherlock for a whole hour.  John then pays a short visit to Greg at Scotland Yard, looking for something that might be of interest to Sherlock.  There is nothing new.
On that mysterious declaration, Sherlock twitches comically and grabs his phone in his pocket, frowns at the screen for very long time before typing a very short answer.  Something passes in his eyes, a complicated emotion John is unable to decipher.
When they go to bed that evening, Sherlock settles in his usual position, sitting on the side of the bed, his upper body bent forward with his hands on his thighs to support himself.  John sits behind him with the massage oil.  They've been doing this every night for the past month.  Sherlock's back is a constant source of discomfort, and he often suffers painful muscles spasms throughout the day, especially when he's sitting for too long.  The massages are the only thing that help him, and while John is happy to help him, his task is far from easy.  Sherlock might enjoy the massages just a bit too much, and he's not shy about voicing it out loud with unrestrained moans and grunts of satisfactions -and god his voice, so low and gravelly, it goes straight to John's cock.  He always ends up half hard and in need to calm himself down.  Sherlock's libido has seriously diminished.  He doesn't like the discomfort, neither does he like feeling exposed and vulnerable with his "gigantic, ridiculous stomach," as he says.  The last thing John wants is for him to feel pressure to engage in sex.
Sherlock's only answer is a loud, wet snort that's everything but elegant.
"Why weren't you asleep?" John finally asks, accepting another cup of tea.
This will be the last chapter I post before allowing myself -and my fantastic beta reader- a short two weeks hiatus.  Don't worry guys, I have several more chapters written, but my friend JJ deserve a little rest for her work.  English isn't my first language, so she has to be very thorough with the grammar, and then the brit-picking.  Love you very much, JJ, you're awesome.
Sherlock gets out of John's soft grasp and makes a move to stand up, but John has seen it coming and is quick to grab him by the upper arms, careful not to hurt him but holding him with enough strength that Sherlock would need to fight to free himself; John knows he doesn't have the energy.
"Of course I am bloody right!" Sherlock roars.  "But what would you know, huh?  It is so easy for you to comfort me and to stand by, acting like a damn idiot in front of a computer screen, father to be, witnessing the MIRACLE OF LIFE!  At the end of the day, nothing has changed for you.  Nothing."
“Oh, god, the contraction is almost over,” Sherlock says, short of breath.  “John, it’s time, isn’t it?  I’m sorry I couldn’t go to the bedroom, the need to expel has been quite sudden, and brutal.  I’ve read about it, of course, but I’ve never thought...”
Before they enter the flat, Sherlock does take his coat off, handing it over to John.  He's red in the face, except for dark circles under his eyes.  Even the satisfaction of working a case cannot compensate his evident tiredness.  There is something else, too, something like embarrassment in his cold gaze while they make their way under the yellow tape.  John gets it when he sees Anderson's eyes widening at their arrival.
"Maybe she's as enthusiastic as you about the sage," John jokes, pointing the plant.
He sleeps.
It’s almost a shock when his mobile rings.
John doesn't like the way Sherlock's avoiding his gaze.  He sits up and leans a hand to  his face, softly, coaxing him into turning his head.
There, finally.  Sherlock's gaze dares to meet John.  He looks lost, unbearably sad.  That is a look John hates to see, and knowing that he is responsible for it makes him want to punch himself.
John tries not to feel hurt -at least not to show it.  He fails, because Sherlock casts him a very soft look, his cheeks turning red once more.  “Yes, I know.  Let me explain to you John, that I never imagined my feelings could be reciprocated.  I am fabulously ignorant when it comes to intimate relationships, which I am sure comes as no surprise for you.  I never... I never had friends, only acquaintances, and it was crucial for me not to let my infatuation destroy what I came to understand was the most important thing in my life.”
"Better than I look," John says, going for a smile.
It seems to take Sherlock off guard.  For a long moment, he stares back, his head tilted to the side.  John see how Greg and Sally seem to be enjoying themselves, watching the situation unfold.
"Bees, John."
Right.  It's been more than two months since they were in presence of the whole team.  They have seen Greg in the meantime, but that is all.  And Sherlock, as struggling as he is with his physical appearance, isn't comfortable with the reaction he will certainly provoke.  Hence the coat, which he surely would have keep if he hadn't been sweating on the stairs.
"No.  French."
“I want you to get all the towels and sheets from the linen closet upstairs, and also the pillow from your room.  Use the oldest comforter and a sheet to cover the mattress in our room.  Get my medical kit in there and yes, boil some water.”
"How old is she?" Sherlock asks.
"Vatican Cameo," John suggests.
"Yes," Sherlock says with excitement.  "There is a gardening shop less than a mile away from the airport.  She must have been working there, with the quantity of phosphorus covering her hair."
“It’s a hell of a weight you just put on my shoulders.”
"Then we should do it."
John forces Sherlock's chin up so they can look at each other.  He grabs his face between his hands and takes his most reassuring, most confident tone.
"And now, please shut up, I need to think," John adds in a - quite pathetic, truly - imitation of Sherlock.
"He's my fiancé" John snaps.
"M'here, don't worry."
- at him, and when John moves to help him sit, he ignores him and lowers himself, trying to pretend he almost fell onto his chair on purpose.
This is it.  This  is the last WIP I will ever post.  It used to be that I could write a 100 k fic under two months, but then life happened, and I've spent more than a year on this fic.
"Oh! John I think, I... I am going to... my orgasm, it's coming," Sherlock croaks.
Of course. Only when you are born a privileged heir to one of those old British families can you consider owning a trust fund as a right.
He crosses his arms upon his stomach and lays back on the chair, looking a lot like a petulant child.  John decides that at least one of them will have a vague idea of what he is doing when Sage is born. He follows the instructions; he undresses the doll and gives it an imaginary bath.  And since it is a newborn, John learns how to keep the umbilical cord nub clean until it fallsoff.  He is standing up, bending toward the doll and concentrated on the task, which is using a cotton buddipped in saline to delicately clean the contours of the cord nub.  He doesn’t know how long Sherlock has been standing up too, looming over him, but his shadow becomes very distracting.  John drops the cotton bud and asks, trying to hide his irritation:
Finally, they are free to go home.
"Now stop fussing," John teases, “and let me look at you.”
"That never happened."
Sherlock gives him an affronted look and begins the complicated process of getting out the  back seat, ignoring John's stretched hand and mumbling something about smartarse fiancés spending way too much time with disagreeable big brothers.
the emotional hurt.  So, um... I am glad for the fact that you are not disappointed in me, after all.”
Sherlock has avoided her ever since.
It takes another five minutes before Greg finishes celebrating the news with them, which is clearly too much for Sherlock, who's trying to busy himself, emptying a bag he brought with him in the closet, then making some tea -anything, it seems, not to listen to Lestrade's litany of "Unbelievable" and "wait ‘til I tell people at the Yard".
And then, to John's astonishment, he lets his large right hand rest on the patch of skin below his navel.
Louisa pushes her chair back.  "I need to get started on the Christmas dinner, John.  Would you like to give me a hand?"
“More wine, Doctor Watson?”
Sherlock gives him a wide, surprised look, and shows his right hand, from which he’s removed the glove.  There is a red smear on his finger.
The man's eyes crinkle, surgeons' version of a smile.  John regrets he cannot remember his name, nor the one of the A & E doctor who took care of him in stabilisation.  There will be time for that, though.
“Take me to the bathroom,” Sherlock orders.
"Oh, John, I'm horrible," she says, shoving her head into her hands.  "Of course he isn't using.  And now I’ve upset him, the first Christmas he comes to spend with us in years."
It's almost noon when John finally falls asleep.  It has become normal for him too, neglecting his circadian rhythm.  And he doesn't mind a bit when it means holding Sherlock into his arms.
At least, now that the birth has happened, for those too tired of waiting, you have there a satisfying ending, but there is still a bit more Sherlock will be submitted to before the true ending.  ;-)
None of it would have happened if Sherlock had told someone where he was going, but John had been sick with a stomach bug, and Sherlock, always so impatient, had decided to pursue his investigation alone despite agreeing to wait for John.
... ...
"Yeah, you have."
The problem, apparently, isn't that they haven't had an immediate answer to the nature of the mysterious substance, but that it was the only lead left Sherlock could do something about.  His disappointment comes mostly from his inability to work the case like he usually does, and having to rely on other people's work to make his deductions.  Not being able to go back to the crime scene, to explore all the possibilities it surely offers that haven't been picked up by the others is especially hard on him, because it's been months since he's stumbled upon a case as bizarre and "entertaining."  An eight is a rarity, and Sherlock has to wait for the results of different procedures, like the complete examination of the severely decomposed body, the composition of dirt samples he's asked Lestrade to gather on different surfaces at the crime scene, and more importantly the identification of the victim. Photos and written descriptions aren't the same as him, Sherlock Holmes (his words), observing it with his own eyes.  "I have missed a lot of clues, that is a certainty," he complains.  "And now I have no lead to pursue."
Sherlock presents his other foot to John and begins typing.  John takes the socks off as well and grabs Sherlock's left big toe, twisting it.
"Order in.  Greek.  It's the fastest.  We can have supper and be at Beek's door in less than two hours."
Oh.  Right.  That is what has been bothering Sherlock.
"What else do you have there?"
And as the minutes pass, John has given up the hope help will get to the cottage in time.  It is a waste of his energy.  He prefers to concentrate on Sherlock, and on everything he’s learned about birth -the ones he assisted, the ones he did himself –if only he had more experience in carrier’s labour and delivery. He tells himself it doesn’t matter, a birth is a birth, and the differences at this point are minimal.  Usually, the pushing phase is longer with carriers than women, because of the length of the birth canal and its position, in the shape of a stretched “S” instead of the straighter one women have.  Carriers’skin and tissues around the birth canal do not have the same fragility that women’s do, so this is an advantage : John will not have to worry that much about the skin breaking.
::: :::
Even after their fight, John can't believe Sherlock is actually responsible for the cleaning up, even though he knows Mrs Hudson -who has a tendency to come and clean up once in a while, even though, of course, she is "not their housekeeper"- would never be able to wash the floor on all fours, not with her hip.
"Sherlock, you're crushing your newborn infant's skull.  You are supposed to-"
"Well, hello, John.  It's very nice to see you."
e don’t talk,” Sherlock hisses.
“I don’t think I can walk that far.”
"Listen, we'll talk about it later," John says in a tired voice.  "I'm sorry, I'm on edge.  I should go see Sherlock."
"Yes.  Careful with the stairs, keep your left."
Sherlock shakes his head, taking a hiccupping breath that could very well be a sob.  He presses his free hand against his mouth, to keep it inside.
Sherlock can’t repress a quick smile.  “Yes, I can see how surprising it must have seemed to you.”
"Not that I do not enjoy our little reunion but it is freezing," Sherlock notes.
"Sir," the unlikable moron starts with a condescending tone that makes John's skin crawl, "if you want us to take care of your friend, you will have to let us do our job properly, which implies-"
“Oh, Sherlock.”
Sherlock shakes his head at him, but the pink colour of his cheeks says he does appreciate the compliment.  Of course he does.
It's hard to explain but Sherlock is... quieter.  It’s not at all like he’s brooding, those long days spend on the couch, barely moving, speaking only to provoke a reaction from John, when he’s in need of attention to say how miserable he is, and how boring life can be when surrounded by idiots and criminals that seem to do everything to get caught.  No, Sherlock isn’t moody, he’s just quiet. There is no other word John can find that describe it better.  With the quietness also comes a visible effort to act more like a normal flatmate.  He greets John when he comes back from work, sometimes even going to the length of asking how was his day.  He’s more polite, adding “please” and “thank you” when he does orders John around, once the cast is gone.  He will more likely spend time with him watching telly on rainy evenings instead of analysing fungus he’s been growing in Tupperware in the fridge.  Of course, for that last part, John is divided between pleasure and frustration, since Sherlock is prone to yell at stupid telly shows, guess the plot of movies, then yell some more when he doesn’t get it right, because
"For god's sake, I did not ask you to dress in a satin sheet and take a dramatic pose with your bump on display.  I asked for a simple picture."
Sherlock brings a cup of tea to John.  He helps him sit up, arranges his pillows, and slides the rolling cart over his legs, careful not to touch the bandage.
Sherlock ends the push on a painful moan, his whole body shaking.  One of the disadvantages of this position is that John cannot see his face.  It is Mycroft who’s sliding his hand over Sherlock’s forehead, pushing the damp curls away, telling him to relax now, and how good he is doing, calling him ‘little bee’, which seems to be an old nickname.  John is a bit jealous.  He covers Sherlock’s backside once more and leaves his spot, asking Mycroft to go fill a bowl of boiled water, so that he can sit in his place for the short time they have until the next contraction.
"I am certain of it."
"It's fine," John reassures him.  "It's been forty minutes."
John wipes the sweat pooling on his forehead and feels himself relax.  He's grateful when Sherlock hands him half a glass of water, drinks it eagerly, then falls back on the bed, dragging Sherlock with him.
The head is halfway out.
“John, I owe you an apology.  I should have been honest with you earlier.  It would have prevented you getting abducted and used as a human bomb.”
They spend a nice evening.  Sherlock has revealed the new facts about the case, and complained about how frustrating it is for him to rely to second hand information.  The medical examiner who's in charge of the autopsy hasn't been able to find traces of violence in the body, but given it deterioration, it isn't really surprising.  What has him elevate the case to a "solid eight" is the examiner's supposition that the woman might have been poisoned.  He came to that conclusion after examining a few hairs under the microscope, noting a change in their molecular structure that can place the moment the poisoning has occurred.  That characteristic is often observed in people who have been poisoned with arsenic over a long period of time, but isn't exclusive to that specific substance.
he doesn't fool John.  It doesn't help that his tentative attempt at arrogance is completely destroyed by the relief relaxing his features.
"Well..." Sherlock casts John a sideway look.  "Think of Moriarty, John."
"Yes, I do understand," John hears, and it is Mycroft's voice, carrying all the disdain and exasperation he's capable of. "If everyone could calm down and give Doctor Watson a few seconds to compose himself, we could get over this frankly ridiculous corridor melodrama."
"She kicks each time I sneeze," he explains to John, sniffing wetly.  "She doesn't like it."
John takes time to make some tea for the both of them: a milky one, with lots of sugar.  He knows how much Sherlock likes it, especially on cold, rainy days.
"No, you haven't."
::: :::
The thing is, John would have liked to be prepared; to have some time to digest Mycroft’s revelations.  That is what is making him so anxious, right there, because John knows as soon as he gets in the door, Sherlock will ask casually how Mycroft is doing, or something similar; he always can deduce when John has had a meeting with him. And then, of course, he will want to know what he wanted with John - Sherlock hates above all how Mycroft insinuates himself in his private life. He won't drop the subject before knowing exactly what he wanted with John this time.  And then, he’ll only have to look at John’s face to get the truth, as inconvenient and embarrassing t is for the both of them.
"Nonsense, Sherlock.  You know, it's completely normal to be traumatised after what happened to me the other night, you just have to let time-"
"Who's text was it?"
John doesn't like it, not one bit, to be the source of the pain and worry in Sherlock's voice.  He wants to reassure him, but there is more urgent matter, namely, the fact that he's bleeding to death.
Sherlock lifts his head, looking up at John in disbelief through the mess of his fringe.  His cheeks are sill red because of his orgasm, his eyelids are heavy with sleep but his look is sharp.  The desire and love John feels for him in that instant hits him like a punch in the guts.
"It is not a bad life expectancy, John."
"He actually answered?"
“John.”
"Is it supposed to be a compliment?" Sherlock snarls.  "I am not a business nor a town built near a gold mine."
"I am Doctor John Watson and I have authority over you.  Now, you're going to go sit behind the wheel and drive us to the bloody hospital!"
As always, Sherlock undresses and drops his clothing on the floor wherever he happens be.  He walks slowly, unsteady, as if he was drunk.
"Oh.  Then-"
"Hello, there," Sherlock had murmured, caressing his stomach lightly.  Then he had looked up at John, smiling without reserve.  "She is wonderful, isn't she?"  John had nodded silently, incapable of speaking at that moment.
Sherlock's fingers wrap themselves around John's and their hold tightens until his nails are digging in the skin.  The other hand grabs the paper sheet with a loud ruffling noise, crumpling it in his fist.
"Mmh."
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  "John," he says slowly, as if speaking to someone especially stupid.  "Would you, if you please, lie down in a comfortable position so that I can suck your cock properly?"
"Coughing your lungs out turns you on?"
John, pretty pleased with himself, is reading a novel, sitting comfortably in his chair, when Sherlock's sudden movement disturbs the quietness of the flat.  He stands up and lift his arms in the air.
"Speak to me."
John rubs at his eyes and wonders if this observation session means Sherlock might not be so completely at peace with the changes his body is going through.  Now that there are only two months left, all those changes will accelerate.  His bump is consistent with a watermelon cut in half and it will at least grow to almost twice its current size as the baby gets ready to be born and concentrates on storing up some fat.
He remembers.  The explosion.  The pool.  Drowning.
It's not been an easy day.  The temperature outside reaches thirty-five Celsius degrees and it's so humid, the air feels heavy and almost solid when you breathe.  Sherlock wakes up covered in sweat, with a headache that has him dizzy enough that John doesn't let him walk by his own.  He throws up the buttered toast he managed to eat for breakfast.  His legs are swollen, his ankles barely noticeable anymore.  Usually, a cold foot bath helps a lot -Sherlock is not prone to water retention, which, according to their doctor, he should be thankful for.  It really can make the last couple of months of a pregnancy completely miserable.
"John," Sherlock sighs, pressing a hand on John's chest.
“It will eat at him from the inside,” Mycroft says, staring into nothingness.  “He thinks he can remain in control, but then he will realize it’s impossible.  It will distract him from The Work.  And The Work is what saved him in the first place.  I can’t allow it.  Sherlock needs it, it’s a question of mental health.   You might think I exaggerate but it is the truth.  I don't believe Sherlock would still be alive if he hadn’t discovered his detective work was better than drugs."
::: :::
"Look at how easy this little one makes it for me.  It is actually parting its legs," Dr. Brown had laughed before taking a screen freeze frame.  "Yep, I thought so.  You are going to have a little girl."
And now he's alive.  Very much, very acutely alive.
Sherlock scrunches his nose.  "Oh, joy."
Sherlock shakes his head, smiling in derision.
"I am such a ridiculous man," he mumbles.
"Oh, and if you open the second file, you will have the ideal list of baby clothes new parents should buy before the births. I was first surprised by the high number, but I crossed-checked and-"
They've been hiding beside the container for close to two hours.  The night is foggy, damp and cold.
Sherlock keeps frowning.  "Sage," he pronounces slowly.  "What... is that even used?"
He settles himself as comfortably as he can and lets his heavy eyelids close without fighting.
Sherlock had been woken up by Sage's "playtime", as he likes to call it, the previous night, and hadn't been able to go back to sleep for at least two hours.  Of course, he had kept John awake with him, pointing out that there was no reason Sherlock had to be the only one suffering because he happened to be the one pregnant.  She was
Mrs. Hudson steps to the side and calls Sherlock, who is standing on the pavement, calm and composed.
Sherlock sniffs, then clears his throat and shakes his head.  "How ridiculous I am to be so emotional over something entirely normal and unremarkable."  His eyes do have this liquid shine to them.
"Oh, do not stop on my account, please," Sherlock cuts him off, chin raised high, cold and composed. (One might call the expression he wears his 'resting bitch face'.)  "If you cannot stand the presence of a pregnant man."
John tries not to appear impressed, once again, by the complete trust Sherlock puts in him.  "I do," he says with all the conviction he is capable of.  "And I will have your back when you give birth."
Sherlock rolls his eyes and lifts his chin, emphasising both just for show, but allows John's scrutiny. He takes Sherlock's chin with a hand, running the fingers of the other through Sherlock's curls.  Then he grabs them and tugs on it softly.
“Ok, ok, calm down, forget the room,” John surrenders.
John helps Sherlock into his new clothes, folding the cotton pad and settling it in place.  It is a very intimate moment, and they are so close John can smell the slightly acrid odour of Sherlock’s sweat, and his soap.  He holds out his hand to him and Sherlock stands obediently, waiting while John pulls up his trousers.
John isn’t prepared to step in what must be at least two inches of water.  He curses as the cold liquid fills his shoes and soaks his socks.  Using one hand over his eyes to fight off the wind and see where he is going, he joins Mycroft who’s standing still, looking straight ahead of him.
His frustration doesn't really have to do with the case itself, if John is honest, but with the bloody fight he and Sherlock had gotten into after their first medical appointment.  In the cab ride to the crime scene following Lestrade's call, they had shared awkward apologies, but it had been done too quickly for it to really count.  Then, the Work had needed Sherlock's complete attention and focus.
Ok.  Bad day.  John doesn't reply, and decides to enjoy the peace of the flat while he still can.
"Jaaawn, hi," Sherlock slurs, and his smile is so communicative.  John chuckles, pushing a short strand of hair away from his forehead.
Sherlock is panting, trying to slow down his breathing.  He looks exhausted but focused, determined.  His eyes light up when he sees John, and he gives him half a smile.
"I'm sorry," is the first thing Sherlock says once they are out on the pavement.  "I know, I did not hold my end of the deal, and-"
Sherlock was right.  It isn't pollen.  He wakes up the morning after sporting a light fever, which sufficiently eliminates the allergy angle.  It's a cold, and it sounds nasty, judging by his wet cough, and his sinus so congested it makes his face swollen.  He is also grumpy as hell, spending the morning laying down on the couch, complaining about a hundred and one small aches and discomfort, monopolising John's attention with such intensity he feels his energy being drained out of him, almost literally.
Sherlock's mouth closes slowly.  He has a series of what John has come to think as his "anxiety blinks", and his lower lip not only shakes, but quirks back in a pout John is sure Sherlock doesn't do consciously.
Sherlock scrambles to sit, pushing Mycroft away while grabbing John tighter.  “Help me, please.”
“I’m sorry, I have to,” John says more firmly, with a hint of his captain tone.  “Stop holding back.  If you need to groan, or shout, or downright scream, let it out.  It doesn’t matter.  You’re not breathing, and you are too tense when you try to keep it all inside.”
Sherlock pushes, as strongly as he has done before.  His hands are on Mycroft’s knees to give him some leverage.  The push is silent and the longest one he’s given.  John, half kneeling, half lying on his side, doesn’t have the clearest view, but he is using one hand to lubricate the birth canal, and feel the baby’s head at the entry.
"I thought a lot last night, and this morning too," Sherlock whispers without moving.
"Then let's go."
There is no brooding, no sulking session on the couch, no manic episodes.  John just goes with it.  He would know, if Sherlock was trying too hard for a serene state of mind he did not really feel.  Besides, what happens to him isn't unexplained.  It is a well-known old wives’ tale, how pregnant people’s habits change toward the end of the pregnancy, how reluctant they sometimes are to leave the house, how much time they spend preparing the nursery, and cleaning the house.  Nesting, it is called.  And it appears Sherlock isn’t immune to it.
Sherlock nods.  The transformation of the humid living room is quite impressive, and John is proud to have been part of it. It is like a whole section of one of Bart's laboratories has been rebuilt as accurately as possible.
He does not miss, though, how Beeks insists on shaking Sherlock's hand, and thank him with conviction.
"Of course not.  I apologize, again, for not answering your texts and sleeping at Sarah's.  I swear I didn't do it with the intent of making you worry."
Mycroft doesn’t need more explanation.
Sherlock stares at him in disbelief.  "Have you heard a single word I have just said?
"Tea?" John asks.
After the fire is set to his satisfaction, John grabs his laptop and settles to write in the journal of Sherlock's pregnancy he keeps on his blog, on the private entries section.
"Of course.  Playing his little game of trying to shock me was barely a distraction he desperately needed.  He hadn't told you any of it, because Sherlock's natural, almost instinctual reaction to vulnerability is to close himself off.  Even to you.  He does it, until he cannot anymore, and then it bursts.  My little brother likes to think of himself as an iceberg, wherein he is, in fact, more like a volcano."
"I know," Sherlock says with regret.  "I will remain attentive, as long as you aren't forcing me to... huh... 'share'."
"It's just a nasty head cold," the man goes on. He checks the empty nebulizer and closes the oxygen valve on the wall.  "But Dr. Brown didn't want to take risks. Better safe than sorry, right?"
::: :::
The quote about Sherlock being a volcano is directly taken from an interview with Mark Gatiss and Steven Moffat.
, John thinks, rearranging himself to relieve some of the pressure.
“I don’t want a whole bloody delegation trooping into the cottage while I’m pushing a baby out of me,” Sherlock protests, with enough strength that John knows he is serious.
"Of course, I am," Sherlock grunts.
"More than," John says with sincerity.
Sherlock plays the violin a foot away from him, something soft that John isn't familiar with, but finds lovely.
Sherlock shakes his shoulders and repeats his name again.
John cannot help being amused, seeing how Angie has grabbed Sherlock's hand and is trying to tug him backward.
It is, not too humid, with the smell of spring flowers hanging in the air.  It's a clear night, the moon almost full, shedding its soft, white-blue light.  Sherlock is beautiful -always is, of course, but especially when lit up by the moon's unique glow, as if he was made to live at night, his pale skin almost shining, his eyes translucent, and the shadows cutting his features more apparent, emphasising their singularity.
Then he hears it : faint cries.  It has never happened in the dream before.  John is scared to look at the backseat now, but he finds out he can actually move, because his nightmares always love to mess with him.  And his head turns slowly, irredeemably attracted to the tiny wails, the...
to be able to care for himself, but at this point, he just doesn't want to take any risks.
"I don't want tea," Sherlock snarls at him, like tea is the most disgusting thing.  "I want to stop acting like an idiot."
"That is so kind," John grumbles.
It is John's turn to lower his gaze.  He won't start crying again.  Nope.  Besides, it hurts.
"My blood pressure is a little high," Sherlock points out, and John understands only because he's had years of training of hearing patients through heavy plastic masks.
They are in the middle of a contraction that has Sherlock groaning and moaning like an animal.  He ends the push on a sob.  John can see Mycroft wiping tears away from his face, murmuring something to his ear.  Sherlock’s whole body is trembling from exhaustion.
“I’m ... I’m already doing it,” Sherlock protests, his voice small and childlike.  “I’m... What if I can’t do it?”
"Of course," Sherlock goes on, "Mycroft hadn't the slightest idea as to how to perform a caesarean section.  I could see everything, and I was trying to take the scalpel and pliers out of his stupid hands, but he kept repeating that he was the smartest like a broken record... Oh, god, what a ridiculous, completely ludicrous dream, and it is far from the only one I've had recently."
John's throat is closing.  He doesn't waste time, just grabs Sherlock despite his silent protest, takes him in his arms like he weighs nothing and installs him on his lap, keeping his hold firm. Sherlock tries to get away.  his long legs kick at nothing, he arches his back, yells John's name in between sobs, but then, as suddenly as it's started, he stops fighting.  He manages to pull his knees up, legs folding close to his body, and lets his head rest at his favourite spot, in the crook of John's neck. He's hot and trembling and sweating, his quickly falling tears dampening John's skin, then his shirt.
"I'm sorry.  I... just... Sherlock, don't you dare say you are a bad man. Please. It upsets me, how sometimes you think so little of yourself.  You are the best, the greatest man I have ever known. Got it?  And it would be an honour to father a child with you."
::: :::
John does feel better, although he is sore all over and slightly nauseous.  He has permission to eat, and to his surprise, practically inhales his breakfast - then manages to keep it down, which is even better.  It is a bit alarming, though, to find himself completely exhausted after something as simple as eating.  He knows it is normal after suffering a critical haemorrhage, he's told patients not to worry about it countless times.  It's something else, though, when it happens to you.  There might be some lesson to draw from it, but John is too tired to follow that thought.
Very slowly, the head recedes back.  John begins massaging the red skin vigorously.  “Sherlock, listen to me.  It hurts because you’re very, very close to pushing the head out.  I believe you can do it with the next contraction.  You won’t feel as much pressure after that.  I want you to give everything you have, ok?”
The case presented by Mycroft is disappointing.  Sherlock solves it in two days, without leaving the flat.  The Greek ambassador’s wife’s honour is safe, the pearl earrings are found exactly where Sherlock said they would be (in the daughter’s room) and the maid receives the apology she deserves, plus a bonus. Of course, given the sensitivity of the matter, John cannot post a single word about it in his blog.
Short of breath, a bit dizzy from arousal and lack of oxygen, John lets Sherlock's cock slip out of his mouth as soon as it begins to soften
, John wants to say, except he doesn't because well... it's Sherlock.  It's not like he isn't known for his deduction skills and genius, right?  John trips over his feet while putting his socks on and barely holds himself up using the door handle.
A killer look from Sherlock stops him as abruptly as he started.
"Evaluated my bloody life expectancy!"
"It's not that simple."
"What was?"
John doesn't even try to hide his irritation.  It has been a while since Sherlock had enjoyed dismissing his own very average intelligence.  As it turns out, it still stings a little.
Sherlock nods, and closes his eyes.  He’s silent for a bit.  A deafening rumble of thunder resonates  against the hills.
"It isn't ridiculous.  It's you."
The wine tastes a bit too good, but after the stress John has been put through for the last five days, he deserves it.
"When did you speak of this?" Sherlock asks, grimacing.
Sherlock lets out the breath he was holding, and this time, the head doesn’t move back.  John can almost grab it, and doesn’t realise, at first, how hard Sherlock is shaking, and that’s he’s actually, sobbing, moving his hips from left to right, hiccupping a few words.  “Hurts... John... Help me... oh god... oh god...”
“Yes, he is.”
ACD used the name "Violet" for secondary female characters at least three times, and more generally, it is often used as the name of Sherlock's mother in movies, series, but also post-ACD Sherlock Holmes stories.
"There, done," John says, patting Sherlock's back.
“John?” Mycroft asks, looking shocked.
Or maybe worrying about Sherlock is only, for John, an excuse to push back his own feelings (panic and fear, not necessarily in that order) and pretending he is the reasonable one of the pair.
“Oh, please,” John shrugs.
"It was good," he says out of nowhere, voice low and uncertain.
“Oh.” John is aware of how disappointed he sounds, but come on.  There is nothing worse than the feel of having lost something you didn't even get to have in the first place.
"It's easy to call me amazing when you aren't the one constantly plagued by many irrational fears that express themselves in the form of vivid, absurd dreams.  Three times I dreamed I was giving birth to puppies instead of a baby.  Three, John!"
The teacher is a retired O.B. nurse with some thirty years of experience under her belt and a talent of keeping her audience's attention -of course, said audience is very modest: they are four couples, including John and Sherlock who stand out immediately.  Not only does the teacher -Marcie-  recognize him, which has the other couples doing the same, but also because he is by far the most advanced in his pregnancy, and, last but not least, the only carrier.  He takes the attention well enough , by remaining silent and uptight while John smiles for him.
"Yes?"
"You will be fine," he says.
Sherlock wiggles in his chair and looks away.  "At least."
“Yes, help me, my back hurts too much,” Sherlock says quickly, already short of breath.
The awareness is limited to his body and immediate surroundings.  Whatever happens, not even a foot away from him, comes back like a distorted echo.  John concentrates on breathing.  It takes him all the energy he can gather.
, maybe?- to show that he cares, and it isn’t any less clumsy, but the fact that he is trying is endearing.
"I know.  Still, I wanted to shut her up, and what I said, about being a man of science and using logic principles... It might be true for life in general.  It isn't true for our daughter's birth.  There are risks, albeit negligible ones, even with the epidural method, which has been around for more than eighty years."
-even then, his body decides to betray his mind.
John knows he sounds like a petulant kid, and hell, maybe he is.  All he had wanted to do was to assist Amy.  He had to, just to make sure she didn't miss anything.  After all, no one knows Sherlock better than him and...
Sherlock groans, lifting his head so that John can see his pout.  "Do we have to?" He asks, with all the petulance of a five-year-old.  John smiles.
"I...mmm... it... it feels so good," Sherlock admits, voice broken and unsure.  "John," he says louder, putting his hands on John's hips.
of taking his phone out of his pocket when Sherlock slides the oxygen mask under his chin.
"It appears I am... quite sensitive to my hair being pulled," Sherlock feels the need to explain, looking down at John.  "Oh... It's been... John, you have to understand how new it all feels to me.  I did try masturbation from time to time but it was so unsatisfying. Too many distractions and... it never felt as good as it does now."
Something.  Something is wrong with his right arm. It feels too heavy, like it doesn’t belong to him anymore, but is just a pound of dead flesh attached to his body.
A slow, agonizing violin note swells in the flat.  Sherlock plays that piece he loves so much, something from Gorecki he adapted to play as a violin solo.  The title is, if John remembers, not exactly joyous: something about sorrow.  As for the music itself, it would make anyone close to tears.
It's so lovely.  So arousing.
::: :::
the radio traffic guy added with misplaced, savage enthusiasm.
“I... can’t...” Sherlock rasps, trembling all over, still pushing, while John frees a tiny shoulder, then the other.
Sherlock interrupts for the first time.  "General anxiety disorder coupled with a form of PTSD, most probably.  Paranoïa."
John is in the middle of sitting up when a thought crosses his mind.  He smirks.  "Mrs Holmes?  You wouldn't happen to have a picture of that time he was running naked after the dog?"
Sherlock sighs.  "It was Lestrade asking for my help on a suicide-murder case."
"No, it is ours.  Please, John, something as tedious as money doesn't mean a thing to me, you know that."
Mycroft is sitting in a leather patted chair and inviting him silently to sit in front of him.  A glass of scotch is placed delicately in John’s hand.  When he lifts his head to thank Anthea, she’s already gone.  John is careful to keep an annoyed expression, although he doesn’t really mind, if he’s honest.  He’s come to consider Mycroft as an almost-friend.  He doesn’t know what went down between the brothers –it might only be sibling rivalry- but he’s certain Mycroft cares deeply about Sherlock, and that Sherlock’s hate is all pretend, the Holmes equivalent of a snotty-nosed, irritating little brother
, he mocks himself mentally, wincing when he hears a loud cough cut off by what sounds like a painful hiccups.
“Yes, I know,” Sherlock whispers, licking his dry lips.  “I... we can maybe try, but I feel another contraction already, so maybe after?”
::: :::
Part 3: Evolution
“221a, John.  Mrs. Hudson has agreed to let it to us for no extra charge, given that I would only use the common room for my experiments.  Of course, it needs work, and that’s on us, but it is truly the best solution.  I will be able to settle a passable laboratory and conduct experiments away from Sage, thus assuring her safety.”
"Yes?"
John's experience at the end of his military service proved to him that he cannot bear to be cared for.  He had been a bad patient: moody, impatient, sometimes downright aggressive.  He doesn't want Sherlock to have to deal with it, but it seems unavoidable.  Inactivity forced on both parts will drive them at each other's throat in less than a week, and there is no solution.  In no universe or circumstances would John allow Sherlock to go alone on a crime scene, or really, to do any legwork, without him.  It bothered him before the pregnancy -now it's just downright unimaginable.  And John knows Sherlock will cooperate after what happened last night.
"Yes?"
"But then you would know I'm lying, which I am not."
"You're an idiot," Sherlock states.  "You must have realized by now how uncomfortable and ignorant I am regarding sex.  How would it have fit into a conversation?
"Wha'?"
Sherlock blushes bright red.  "Yes, I do."
"We are, aren't we?" Sherlock asks, and it's meant to be an affirmation, not a question, but there is still a hint of insecurity -always- in his voice, and really, what he meant was : "You love me, do you?"
John softly takes the letter out of his shaking hands.  A sentence catches attention, and really, it is all he needs.
That is what John is thinking of when Mycroft’s car suddenly slows down –not only that, but he has put on his four-way indicators.  John slows down too, and then stops behind him when Mycroft’s car comes to a halt.
It is a small, circular room, with an old, thick rope passing through the middle, which John guesses was used for bell ringing.  There is no electricity, but a small radiator and a couple of kerosene lamps.  The furniture consists of a small desk, a chair, and a mattress mounted on an old camp-bed frame.  This is where Sherlock is, lying down on his back under a couple of rough woollen blankets, arms crossed behind his head, and staring at the ceiling.  On the desk, there are several bottles of water, some of them empty, and a metal box that, John guesses, might contain biscuits.
"Want more water?"
He's getting redder under John's gaze.
John helps Sherlock back into his clothes.  It might be because of the two weeks he's just spend completely dependent of him, but Sherlock accepts John's help all the time now, without much protest. He's put on a total of twelve pounds, which is very modest, but his delicate frame - and the fact that those twelve pounds are for the most part located in his belly, which is still pointing out straight in front of him - makes him a little more clumsy and slow every day.
“Well, that wasn’t at all an exaggeration.  Twenty-five pounds, Sherlock, not sixty.”
"See what I found, John?  There are several more of them on at the back, like it was cultivated."
At some point, Sherlock has taken control over his own delivery.  It is like he’s discarded the pain completely and found a hidden source of energy.
"A case?"
“It’s okay,” John says, because it is.
"And you weren't either, right?" John fights back.
"Are you sure you have nothing for me?"
"Your leg, John."
Sherlock stands up, giving John a quick look of reassurance that he is all right, he won't collapse on the floor.  He grabs Mycroft's shoulder awkwardly, forcing the older man to look up, his eyes widening comically.
"You could play the violin while I cook?"
"Why indeed."
::: :::
“Too tired,” Sherlock mumbles.  “It is my brother’s fault.  He over-fed me.”
He's surprised, though, to see what appears to be a sincere smile on Sally's face.  "Congratulations, freak," she says, punching Sherlock's shoulder lightly.  It's clumsy and awkward but it seems as if she is ready to make peace with the detective. "Love the new haircut, by the way."
There is, for a second, a tiny bit of pleasure in Sherlock's eyes.  John will take what he can get.
"Of course you are worried.  You are a parent."
“Shooting at the explosive was our best chance.  I calculated the course the bullet would take, and the ideal place for it to hit the explosives so that the blow would mostly damage the side of the pool where Moriarty was standing.  I had beforehand, of course, evaluated the force of the explosion, basing my prediction on the previous bomb that had exploded, and judging by the kind of explosives used and-“
"Come on, John, bedroom, now.  I am dying of ennui.  You are a doctor.  Cure me."
, about an hour after he had left the flat.  Then.
John wonders when exactly his Sherlock has been replaced by a friendly doppelganger.  There must be something to explain his behaviour.  It is not that he is incapable of any interaction with people that are a little different, or that he hasn't tamed his emotional side enough to behave normally in those kind of situations - John would be an arsehole if he thought that way, as a matter of fact... Still, this is one of his tactics, when he wants to ply someone for information; he
John's surprise renders him speechless once more.  Sherlock has never intervened in his complex relationship with Harry.  He knows how difficult the issue is for him, and has never pushed.  He is probably waiting for John to open himself up, just as John doesn't ask about his addict past.  It is just... respectful, is it?  Or do they take comfort in knowing the other wears the same blinders and prefer to ignore that they both had a past before they found each other?  It suddenly seems very unhealthy.
", which owned him a severe and disapproving look from the driver, fuck him,) with the intention of getting properly plastered.  After a shot of tequila and half a beer, he had felt like nothing would go far down his throat anymore.  He had walked for a couple of miles, his head filled with too many thoughts, unable to concentrate on any of them.  Then, the icy cold February wind had gotten the best of him, and John hailed a cab, because as many hours it would take to get back home, John would have to face Sherlock sooner or later.
"I look... very pregnant," he murmurs, bending forward slightly, as if he wants to make sure his reflection is hearing what he says.
am the high-functioning sociopath so of course, it’s easy for me.  Sherlock is over sensitive, always has been.  I would have never tried to shape him like myself if I had known, but I was young and very stupid.  Long story short, I don’t need to spend so much energy into convincing myself that I really don’t care; I just don’t.  With some exceptions, of course.  Sherlock had to go to extreme lengths to achieve the same, and he can very well pretend he successfully achieved his goal - it's a lie he tells himself.  One of many.”
"See? That is what I am talking about, it is... I mean, we cannot... oh, Jesus!" John shuts up, unable to express what he's feeling, and puts more pressure on the knot.  The indecent grunt from Sherlock must be indicating it is better.
Sherlock being Sherlock, he doesn't do anything by normal standards. Too long minutes pass and he doesn't show any sign of stopping. At one point, John beings to worry he might not be
"How many beat per minute?"
love you, Sherlock.  I don't have any control over it.   You shouldn't have taken off like that.  We are adults.  We talk. And if we come to it, we fight.  I thought your fugues were behind us."
"What did you tell your friends... Although I figure, by your late wife's behaviour, you didn't have many friends left anymore.  Travel?  Divorce?  Ran off with another man?
"No, she will not want to see one of her parents exhibiting his swollen belly in some ridiculous pose.  Couples do those photos for themselves, not the children."
"Too much sleep, everything's kind of... cottony," Sherlock complains.  "I would sell my soul for a coffee, if I could of course, because the human soul is a concept that has been-"
"Violette" is, of course, the French version of the name "Violet".  Just as in english, it is also the name of a flower and a colour.  It is pronounced "Vee-oh-let".
"John."
"Okay, enough with the making out with my shirt."
John has never been so frustrated with a case, and it's enough for him to decide never to write it down on his blog, despite Sherlock having labelled it a "solid eight" and many bizarre elements that would have made a great story.  He wants to forget it, the sooner the better.
Except it is false.  John had known from the beginning that although Sherlock wore his clothes like an armour to conceal any sign of weakness, he worries about his physical appearance, and is, as a matter of fact, extremely insecure about it. The need to control everything plays a part of it.  John had once caught Sherlock replacing a rebel strand over and over again, in front of the mirror, adding product until it was perfectly tamed.  It is a good example regarding the scrupulous way he treats his physical appearance in general.  Control, always.
John's sleepiness takes a step back, a tiny one, but still.  Something important is happening, he thinks, between Sherlock and him.  He would like to hold onto it and gather the energy needed to at least look at his friend.  All he can do, sadly, is to smile - even then, he is not sure he succeeds, or that Sherlock sees it.  John just hopes he'll remember all of it once the morphine wears off.
It takes John a long second before he realises Sherlock has spoken, determined as he is to concentrate on the supper and forget his stupid behaviour.
"John," Sherlock murmurs, his voice raw and plaintive.
In a series of fluid movements, Sherlock picks up a chair set close to the table and sits next to John.  He observes the plant with great interest, picks a small leaf, and puts it in his mouth delicately, humming softly as he eats it, as if it's as exceptional as caviar.
Falling asleep on Sarah's couch is an accident.  John wakes up around eight, still fully clothed and covered in a blanket a bit too small.  He is kind of shocked to realise he hadn't made it back home last night.  It's bad.
God, he’s pale.  He’s going through another contraction, and he doesn’t seem to have enough strength left to do more than whimper softly, eyes closed shut.  John takes his pulse, and is relieved to find it strong, albeit a little quick.
John finds him curled on his side, the foetal position he prefers for his sulking sessions unachieved, given the size of his belly: he cannot wrap his arms around his folded legs like before.  Instead, he's holding a pillow.  With a death grip.  His face is shoved in it.  John kneels near him, ignoring the muffled "go away" to run his fingers over the newly exposed skin of his neck, rubbing the tips over the incredibly soft shaved nape.  Sherlock is taken by a full-on body shiver, which has John smiling.
"Sherlock, are you alright?"
"It's alright, Sherlock," he says, looking down at him.  "It's okay just stop thinking so damn hard."
Sherlock moves Angie's hand to the side, then up, explaining how the baby is positioned.  Near his chest, where the bump starts to swell, he winks at her.  "And now you are touching my little girl's bum."
Sherlock nods.  "Strange.  I woke up, took a shower and then I was prepared to see well... myself, my reflection in the mirror, but I saw..." He waves toward his belly. "
By God, John is glad to have him in their bed, so close to him.  The relief is coupled with a more complex feeling John has trouble understanding.  He replays Sherlock's speech in his head.  It had seemed good, a simple growth of awareness, one of those moments when reality hits you in the face and you finally... get it.  Sherlock, at least, sounded relived, didn’t he? But in the never-ending flow of his verbal onslaught, hasn't Sherlock basically decided he couldn't allow failure?  To what expense?
"Wait?  Sherlock is... You mean...?"
Sherlock let go of his arm, giving him an uncertain look.  "You think so?"
"You can see my dilemma, right?"  He asks more seriously.  "I am not father material, John.  You can be certain I am going to mess it up, badly.  And then what will you do, caring for a proper baby and a thirty-seven-year-old one? All this... it feels like I'm putting an incredibly heavy burden on your shoulders.  You will hate me in the end, and our child will probably as well."
"Could."
It has been confusing, for me, because my personnal reading of both episodes (and it's my opinion, it only involves myself) gives me two different Mycroft, the one from the Final Problem clashing with my canon Mycroft inspired by The Empty Hearse.  I prefer my personal version of him, which, in my mind, is canon compliant, at least from season three.  I took the decision not to worry and just go with it, because my opinion is reinforced by the Abominable Bride special, whereins Mycroft show his humanity and how deeply he cares about Sherlock when he discovers his brother has been using again.
"Are you alright?"
John freezes. Is Mycroft referring to what he himself had noticed? It seems improbable –even for Mycroft.  Sherlock and him have seen so little of each other.
"A rocking chair and a nappy disposer.  The rest is not furniture per say but material.  I have another list."
John can feel tension gradually leaving Sherlock's body. He moves his hand, feeling around Sherlock's belly, wondering if he can get away with reaching for his ribs to evaluate a potential weight gain (it's ridiculous, John knows, it's too soon, and it is becoming a compulsion he can't quite control) when something makes him change his mind.  It is there, despite the hollowness of Sherlock's stomach, right below his navel.  A firm, small swell, very discreet but unmistakable.  John runs his fingers all around it, his breath cut short.
The excitement, John thinks, doesn't come from the identity of the sex.  Sherlock and he had talked about it, and it turned out neither of them had a preference. Knowing, though, gives the pregnancy a whole new perspective, and in the gradual steps of making it real, for them, it is a huge one.  The foetus isn't just a foetus anymore.  It has an identity.  A little girl.  Who is going to need a name.  Wow.  John is a doctor:  he has seen his fair share of babies and pregnancies, but this does not seem to count, at all, when it comes to him, and Sherlock... and their daughter.
John lets go of Sherlock and, seeing as he shivers at the loss, grabs his dressing gown and helps him into it.  He collaborates silently.
It is now close to ten, and Sherlock has been walking about for more than forty five minutes.
“The measurements were incorrect.  It happens.  There is always...ah... a margin of error.  My hips are too narrow, and now... god, it hurts... the head is stuck and...”
When he shakes himself awake, Lestrade is, again coming into his room, like some sort of déjà vu. John is rested, though, and the light has changed.  Also, Greg carries a stack of newspapers under his arm and a coffee tray in the other.
"Sherlock."
It’s John’s turn to swallows back tears.  Sometimes the love you have for someone feels like a punch in the guts.  Double that, when that someone is holding another someone just as precious and loved.
Sherlock takes his mobile and has his fingers quickly swiping the screen.  "A baby monitor, a mobile - or a musical box, it is our choice, but all the studies
“I know you. You’ll occupy yourself by sneaking into other patients’ rooms to deduce their illness, or you’ll find a way to steal cigarettes -which is, by the way, a euphemism for
Emotions, unlike deduction and a genius I.Q. are, after all, universals, even though Sherlock treats his own like logical facts and proven theories.  John has a feeling those won't matter much when Sherlock is in the midst of pushing a baby out of himself.
“That’s all they had that was over ten quid and not cheap enough to come in a four-litre box.” John warns before the older Holmes can even open his mouth.  He cannot keep his death glare for long, though, when the heavenly smell coming from the saucepan hits his nostrils.  “Jesus Christ, what do you put in your Bolognese for it to smell so damn good?”
“John!  Oh!” Sherlock exclaims, pressing his hands on his belly.
“Alright, try to keep your pelvis angle down, and if I tell you to stop pushing, you listen to me.”
"I mean," John goes on, feeling like he's on a roll, "With all the research you've done in the past days, you’re probably already more of an expert than me on having kids.  Your child won't hate you, ever.  He'll admire you -he will tell his buddies at school that his dad is Sherlock Holmes, the badass detective.  You cannot think otherwise because that's how it will be.  And then so what if I do most of the caretaking, or if you forget stuff, or are running through London after a murderer while our child is cutting a tooth. My taking care of you, Sherlock, should in no way make you feel diminished, or... or an eternal child that surely used to be a holy terror, by the way.  I... take care of you because you are extraordinary, and with the brain you have, it's easy to forget basic things... dull, boring things.  Like eating," John adds, smiling to himself.
Then his eyes widen comically, and John can almost hear the laugh track in the background, as if they are all part of a very bad sitcom.
::: :::
"Let me, John."
Sherlock's breath hitches as John lift his hips to meet his.  Their dicks are pressed together, through too many layers, but it's still  so good -it's heaven, humping each other like that.  Anyway, John doesn't think he
"Mmmm?"  John is busy sucking a bruise on the delicate creamy skin of Sherlock's neck.
"Well, Sherlock, I am not a bloody therapist."
In the afternoon, John decides to join him, bringing with him his porch rocking chair and a book he's owned for six months that he has never got around to starting. Sherlock, as he does every time he's deeply concentrating on something, is completely oblivious to his presence.  John soon abandons his book to just observe him, which is an activity one might think he would have given up after they got together, but has only become even more agreeable.  Before, of course, there was the admiration and fascination, but it was tinted with the certainty that Sherlock would always remain at a distance, unattainable. Now, watching him, just as fascinated as before, John can think of sweaty nights and morning kisses, of sharing a shower, and of those peculiar sometimes blue, sometimes green eyes looking back at him as if he's worth all the love and adoration he sees in them.  Sherlock is his.  Now, John doesn't have to watch out not to get caught staring.  He is allowed.
Definitely not.
::: :::
"I propose we take Mycroft's credit card and drive to Babies R Us – such a ridiculous name - on Friday morning, before it gets too crowded.  We can achieve the list in two hours."
"Goldfish," John smiles.
SPOILERS FOR SEASON FOUR
Sherlock nods eagerly.  "The contractions too.  I haven't had one ever since they installed the monitor."
“Mhm.  Oh.  Oh god.  Ok... ok,” Sherlock murmurs, as if to motivate himself.
That's it.  Second part, first chapter....
He realises right then that he can have this.  He can touch Sherlock.  It’s a thrill that runs through his veins, setting him on fire.  His cock gives a soft twitch.
John stops unlocking the door as a very disagreeable idea pops in his mind.
John had picked five of the practicing androcologists in the London area after a quick swipe of their competences, history and reputation.  He had built files, with references to articles, or the name of the colleagues he had talked too, citing them as "sources."  Then, he had given them to Sherlock and had told him to pick one -Sherlock had actually seemed impressed by John's work.  Three hours later, he came back with Amy Brown's file.  "I did have my own system of classification, so I have to let you know she came second best, so if you want to argue about my choice, I will of course consider your objections."
"I am sorry, love.  We're approaching the end, though, and I think you've been amazing."
“Hey, woah, calm down.” John reassures him. “Mycroft will make sure everything goes smoothly.  And I’m here.  Everything will be fine.”
"It is a literal kick. Remember our last appointment: she’s sitting, facing the left, so her legs are here, right under your hand," Sherlock says. "In fact, this morning in the shower I grabbed one of her heels.  She wasn't happy about it."
"Very well then, what do you want?" Sherlock lays his hands on his thighs, all business and detachment, even while wearing only his shirt and his pants, showing his light stubble, chapped lips, dark circles under his eyes, and his usually impeccable hair plastered in drab and broken curls on his head.
Sherlock nods.
John cannot help but imagine the worse, in the form of a needle piercing Sherlock's perfect, alabaster skin.  He blushes at the thought, ashamed that he doesn't trust Sherlock more, not on that particular matter.
He tightens his hold around the burning, velveteen flesh of Sherlock's shaft, presses a soft kiss to his shoulder.
Kandahar.   A cold morning which is going to get impossibly hot even before noon puts the killing sun at its zenith.
"But now...you have been thinking about it."
John gives a shaky nod.  Meanwhile, a heated, nearby conversation is getting louder, enough for it to hurt John, physically, as if each of his exhausted nerves vibrates with the noise.  Sherlock notices.  His anger darkens his eyes.  He won't have any of it.
"How can I have almost lost you then, and allowed it to happen again?"
Underneath Sherlock's frustrated genius lies all the insecurity that resides deep within his heart.  John sometimes has trouble finding the right tone to comfort him, knowing how he hates being infantilised, but also how much he needs the comfort, if he goes to the length of voicing it.
"Yes.  They are.  I blame old age."
am behaving like a child?
“This one is... this one burns, a lot,” Sherlock chokes in an almost inaudible voice.
“Six?” Sherlock rasps, and his already wide eyes are almost crossing from surprise.  “No, you have to take the measure again.  It’s supposed to take hours.  I should be around two.”
“Tea would be nice,” he says.  And because he’s still Sherlock, what he means is: why don’t you make us some tea.
"I did not propose," Sherlock protest without letting go.  "We decided together it was the right thing to do."
“It’s because of you, Sherlock.  What you did today... what you did...”
John almost chokes on his tea.
"No, I did not.  There was a magazine about it in Amy's office and you were  engrossed in your stupid Sudoku."
It’s a lame attempt at humour, but Sherlock lets out a shaky laugh.
And Sherlock laughs.  It is good to hear the sound, however small and contained it might be.
“Don’t worry about that, they’re not even in the air yet,” he coaxes, “and I’ll make sure only the essential medical team has access to you.”
Mycroft rolls his eyes, trying to appear unimpressed, but John knows better.
Later that day, John falls asleep in front of the fireplace, laying down on the leather lazy-boy he immediately adopted the day of their arrival.  When he wakes up, Sherlock has made cucumber sandwiches and a cheese plate with crackers.  They eat in front of the fire as the sun sets and the winds howls against the windows.  Sherlock has pushed the small loveseat that was at the other end of the living room next to John's chair.  He's sitting with his back leaning against a cushion, his legs stretched in front of him.  They are close enough that John, once he's finished with his food, takes off Sherlock's socks and begins to rub his feet, long and lean and pale, not even a strand of hair on his big toes.  Sherlock likes it, enough for John to suspect he might have a slight foot fetish.  If he's honest with himself, that is why he is doing it in the first place, wishing to light a spark of arousal in his lover's belly.
“Ok, breathe through it.  That’s it.  You’re doing great.”
Six centimetres.  Oh.
“It’s getting old,” John announces himself when he’s introduced in a cosy library.
“Listen, Sherlock,” John says, wanting to get his attention before nervousness has him yelling at Mycroft.   “We’ll be at the hospital in less than half an hour.  They will check you as soon as we arrive.  In the meantime, you’re with me.  I’m a bloody doctor, remember? I’m going to take care of you, and you’re going to be great.  I’m calling Amy.”
Sherlock pushes back the curtain with way too much force.  He adjusts his shirt, carefully ignoring John's piercing gaze.  Apparently, he's decided to hide, deep behind his walls, under his armour.
"John, please, don't infantilize me," Sherlock protests, stopping right in front of him.  "I could have taken Grey down.  You know it."
“I cannot help it,” Sherlock hisses.  “I know it’s not rational.  So stop trying to reassure me with your stupid stories.  What’s next? That first time you did it and I peed all over your face?  Mummy is so fond of that memory.”
"Well..."
"Yeah, keep telling yourself that," John smiles widely, then remembers what their conversation was about in the first place.  "Why are we speaking of bees?"
"Drugs?"
"Sherlock..."
It's not like John doesn't love rubbing and caressing Sherlock's body any way he can, right?  When he's satisfied, he concentrates on providing pleasure to his lover by reaching for his nipples and pinching them -not too hard, Sherlock is overly sensitive when it comes to them- while he lifts his head to ask for a kiss.  Sherlock shivers once more and bends his head, his heavy curls tickling John's face, allowing himself a chance to shove his nose in John's hair and breathe in deeply. Sherlock's sense of smell is very acute -years of practice, he keeps telling John, categorizing perfumes, some poisons and a wide variety of flowers scents.  John doesn't really care, except he loves it when Sherlock gives up control and takes what he wants.  He's so in touch with all of his senses, and his keen sense of smell is probably the most developed one.
Sherlock shakes his head.  "It isn't the same."
John presses  Sherlock’s  shoulders empathically.  He then joins Mycroft near the oven, taking the baguette bread and wine bottle he’d been commissioned to buy in Storrington out of the grocery bag.  Mycroft takes the wine and grimaces, seeing the label.
Sherlock gives him a furious look.  "Do not treat me like some fragile flower.  I do not have the faintest idea if what I have done tonight is the right thing to do.  In these... morally ambiguous cases, I make a point of detaching myself from the aftermath, because it is not MY FAULT if people do stupid things, sometimes!"
"Mycroft!  I was about to call the Yard.  Where have you been?"  He practically yells into the phone.
This time, Sherlock tilts his hips slightly downward.  It seems to make a difference, because the baby’s head makes enough progress that John can see the fontanel pulsing, and a few vernix-covered hairs.  Sherlock’s groan transforms into a scream, harsh and unabashed.  He stops pushing, shaken by a sob.  “No, no, no, it hurts, it can’t be normal it hurts too much,” he cries, leaning into the hand Mycroft is using to caress his hair.
::: :::
. Instead."
“No, I am not ok, shut up!” Sherlock shouts before letting out a string of curses.
"Still in London," Sherlock shows John a tiny dot on his gps map.  “Not even ten minutes away from here if we take a cab."
Probably since the beginning of the argument.
Sherlock’s offended expression is priceless.  “I’ll have you know what you are referring to as “junk” consists mostly of my chemical materials, criminal archives and finished experiments.”
Right on key, Sherlock  illustrate his point by sneezing.  When he blows his nose, it ends up in another wet coughing spell.  John frowns.  He doesn't like the sound.
Their conversation is short, unsurprisingly.  How can it be otherwise when Mycroft doesn't even wait for John to say
"A little girl, really?"
Apparently, Sherlock does.  He lifts his arms and grabs John’s jumper with both hands, tugging on it until John gets the message and kisses him again.  Sherlock, although he initiated the kiss, doesn’t move his lips, seems to wait for John to take the lead.  Only then does he follow, breathing into John’s mouth little whines of pleasure and contentment.
New tears appear at the corner of Sherlock’s closed eyes.  He shivers, and allows a silent sob to escape.  It’s not good enough.  He needs to breathe.  John orders him, hating himself for being so commanding.
"How are you feeling?" John asks.
"Rehab wasn't your typical rehab," Sherlock mutters, his voice reduced to a faint murmur.  "It was Mycroft's rehab.  I wasn't a willing participant, as you might have guessed, but it did save my life, though.  I owe him my life.  Come to think of it, I never thanked him."
He's shaking.  John's irritation about the whole money matter is gone as quick as it came.  Stupid, stupid fight.  Why couldn’t he just play along with the credit card game?  They would be laughing and painting the room right now.
"Sherlock it's half past eight.  All you’ve had to eat today is an apple and a plate of ginger nut biscuits."
"John, let's not," Sherlock demands, almost pleading.
Saying that I am an h/c author doesn't mean, much, as there are a full variety of them, some like a lot of hurt and a bit of comfort, others thrive on almost exclusively comfort.  Sometimes there is a lot of angst, sometimes a lot of fluff, etc.  I for myself try to stay away from character whump (personal choice) and for my comfort not to turn into a sappy fest, although the line is often thin between schmoop and sap.  Anyway, what I meant to say is that obviously, I know I prefer comfort to hurt, but I also think there HAS to be a certain amount of hurt so that the comfort feels more real, more intense.
"How is your head?"
.  As Sherlock and John were being cautious not to put themselves in danger, after what had happened to John a couple of months ago, they had proceeded as Lestrade always wanted them to and called him.  He had been the first one to arrive, and was waiting for them with bad news.  The family living there had bought the house from Stephen Beeks six months ago, and had no idea where he had moved.  The neighbours didn't know either, but Lestrade had called some more officers to interview everyone living in the small street.
"Oh," Sherlock says, "John, right under my belly button."
As Sherlock gets closer, John physically longs for him.  Although they have been sharing the bed since their arrival, they haven't done anything more than careful cuddling.  When John was still taking dilaudid pills, that wasn't really a problem -nothing like a good dose of opiates to have you even forget you have a dick.  Now, though, said dick doesn't miss an opportunity to remind him that he isn't a monk, even if all John is doing is watching Sherlock from a distance.  He wonders if he could persuade him to do something.  After all, his bandage is gone, and the threads have started to melt.  The swelling is under control and...
l fine.
Because let’s be serious, how could Sherlock Holmes, so beautiful and graceful, the man with the incredible mind, the incomparable genius... how could he be interested in John? Short, soft around the edges John Watson, with his round nose and funny ears.  John had always felt confident when flirting with women because he knows there is much more than physical appearance alone when it comes to the opposite sex.  His wit has won him more conquests than his soldier’s broken body, that is for sure.  With men, though, and most especially with Sherlock, John is self-conscious to the point of losing any bit of confidence he ever had.  He can’t let himself think he could be attractive to Sherlock.  As John's mother used to say,
"It is a disaster.  I should've never have allowed myself to have romantic feelings for you!" Sherlock spits at him, his nose crinkling in the way it only does when he's mad, when he wants to be bad and hurtful and unlikable.
Figuratively, he is.  There is contentment and happiness in his eyes, more often than John has ever seen.  His hair is longer, his frame still delicate, his baby bump small and concealed. He wears shirts over his trousers now, made of a stretchable fabric to accommodate his belly, and as usual with Sherlock, he likes them very tight, and there is very little left to imagination.  Another change is the shape of his face, which has lost its edges, making it slightly rounder.  Sherlock cannot have put a lot of weight on, but as thin as he was, the addition of only a few pounds is immediately visible. John is curious to see just how much at their appointment, scheduled for the end of the week.
That morning, though, the bath doesn't do shit.  Sherlock, apathetic and silent, spends hours on the couch, barely moving, his feet propped up on a cushion to improve his circulation and help with the swelling.  They do not have air conditioning, but a few fans.  John installs them all around Sherlock and makes sure the facecloth he’s put on his forehead, with the vague hope it can reduce the intensity of the headache, is changed regularly to remain cold.
"I do not know what is the etiquette for hugs but I believe we've exceeded the determined period and are now heading toward an abnormally long time.  Plus, I cannot breathe properly."
“What do you mean?”
-The Sussex Vampire is an ACD story, you can read it (but it isn't necessary) online for free.  In my story, some elements of the original case will be used, but twisted, like it is done in the show.  Although this case Sherlock and John are working on will have some importance in the upcoming chapters, I am not turning my hurt-comfort fic into a casefic.  The focus of the story will remain on Sherlock and John dealing with the pregnancy.
::: :::
“It is quite exceptional,” Sherlock agrees, using the same quiet tone.  “How can it be otherwise, though.  Isn’t today the birth of an exceptional human being?”
Sherlock yawns so loud his jaw snaps.  He blinks lazily.
John lifts a victorious fist...
"There is a food truck if we head this way," he says, pointing to his right, when  they exit the park. "They have those great chips with all sorts of dip.  I could go for some chips."
"I do," John says, taking Sherlock's hand in his.  "Trust me, I do.  Each case, for me, is about keeping you safe, out of harm's way.  You do have a better sense of self-preservation since you are pregnant, but still."
John concentrates on re-establishing the connection between his mind and body, even though it means feeling pain again.  He needs to.  And... yes.  He moves his fingers.  Not much, but enough to hear Sherlock's voice, closer.
John needs to stop the bleeding, and he needs to do it quick or else he's going to die.
"What?  What is it?"
"Yeah, what was all that about?"
"Sorry!  Sorry, I..."
Sherlock is gaping at him.  For a second only.  "John Watson, are you trying to bribe me with sweets?"
He cannot help himself.  Still on his side, he raises himself on one elbow and begins sliding his leg over Sherlock's, aiming for a heated kiss.
Sherlock comes, his cock untouched.  He freezes, his chin resting on his chest, as his anal muscles twitch in a violent spasm before tightening like a vice.  Then, when he lets go for good, it's with a wail that rises, louder, higher.  Sherlock's losing control of his body, allowing himself to, and the pleasure spasms wrenching it are so violent John cannot control his own orgasm.  It takes over him so fast he cannot breathe anymore. His vision whites out.  For a moment, he doesn't know who's groaning and who's moaning, his limbs tangled with Sherlock's in a mess of muscles tensing and relaxing and trembling.  It's fierce, passionate love-making; and on an emotional level, it feels like a communion, as if they finally succeeded, and have become one.
“Breathe, Sherlock, come on, I got you, you’re doing so well.”
They now have left the suburban streets for a commercial district, running behind a series of warehouses, and of course it's night, and of course, the back alley is dirty and cluttered.  It's not running, it is obstacle racing.  John can sometimes catch a glimpse of McMaster's pale pink shirt, the only reason they can follow her at all, given the darkness of the moonless night.
"Embryo," Sherlock cuts her off in a whisper.
John chuckles and ends up choking a bit on the excellent coffee Mycroft just made.
"As I you. I am sorry I had to leave."
He hears Greg explaining to Sherlock they haven't found any personal item allowing the identification of the woman.
"You think it is funny?  That I can't seem to get a hold on reality... That this whole... baby thing is messing with me so badly I cannot think properly anymore.  It's hilarious, John.  You must have had a blast seeing me with my legs up in the air trying to keep my composure while a doctor was putting her fingers there.  Oh, god, what a bloody joke, the great Sherlock Holmes discussing the weather while having his arse dilated and lubricated.  How did you manage not to crack, please tell me."
Sherlock is still ahead of him, his coat is open, flapping against the wind.  They've lost Lestrade at some point.  They always lose Lestrade at some point. The detective often complains about how he is careful to maintain a good shape just to have a man living off tea and biscuits and another who's been known to limp run straight past him as if they're on "bloody steroids."  The thrill of the chase, Sherlock had explained more than once, and their addiction to adrenaline is what makes John and him faster on longer distances.
"Sherlock is scared.  I mean... abnormally scared."
It's not long before he has Sherlock's legs on his shoulders, while both his hands are planted on the floor on each side of Sherlock's head, pushing and pulling, carefully controlling the strength he puts into it, because the fire is pretty close. Its lighting on Sherlock's dark curls is setting them aglow, making the copper highlights stand out, the same colour of Sherlock's beard when he doesn't shave for three or four days.
He has started shivering again, and it's not long before he breaks into a wet coughing fit.  It's like his body had held on as long as it had to and was brutally reminding Sherlock it wasn't okay after all.  John goes quiet too, wrapping an arm around Sherlock's shoulders.  It takes all but five minutes before Sherlock is asleep, snoring loudly with his mouth open and a crease between his eyebrows.  It's not a peaceful sleep.  It is still a pity, though, that he has to wake him up when they arrive at Baker Street.  Sherlock jolts awake, his eyes swollen and red.  He lets John drag him inside, stops at the bottom of the stairs to catch his breath, then in the middle, struggling with a sneezing fit that is not silent or discreet.  At the top, he watches as John opens the door, frowning.
"Maybe it is not morning sickness, maybe you caught a bug."
If only he'd come by to see what Sherlock is up to, John thinks, snickering.
"So sex could possibly get you through the end of the pregnancy?  How frequently should we do it?  Four, five times a day?"
John shakes his head and presses a kiss on Sherlock's forehead.  Sherlock sniffs, his nose scrunching, and mumbles something that sounds like "variables."   John smiles.
"The cab is waiting, Sherlock."
, Mr Beeks, you know that term?"
Sherlock cannot be  comfortable, not with his legs dangling off the bed, and his upper body twisted toward John.
"Well what?"
Sherlock's outrageous expression is exactly what John was  going for.
"It might be fun," John whispers, as the teacher invites everyone to sit.  "Don't be a bitch about it."
“I believe, considering that Tesco is located down the street, at approximately six hundred meters, that two hours fifty-four minutes is a little exaggerated to go buy some milk.”
“Amy told us during your last appointment that she was expecting you to have an easy, natural delivery. She expected no complications.  I will make sure there isn’t.  I swear, Sherlock, if help isn’t there in time, I will do whatever is necessary to keep the both of you safe.”
“Soon, Sherlock, soon I promise.”
Sherlock falls forward, still dragged to the ground.  John, who hasn't had time to stand up, loses his balance and collapses on Sherlock's legs.  He can see the man still pulling Sherlock toward him.  It's Charles Chambers, looking pristine in his blue suit and tie, his eyes big and furious behind his thick glasses.  The guy is shorter than him and thinner than Sherlock; John wonders, in the middle of the action, how Chambers manages enough strength to resist the both of them.
Sherlock groans and lifts his legs on the edge of the seat, wrapping himself in his coat.  For ten, wonderful minutes, he keeps silent.
Sherlock folds the front of the nappy with long fingers, and now it is his elbow crushing the doll’s face.
John still doesn’t answer.  He takes two cups out of the pantry.
And there it is, the hint of a smile on Sherlock's still trembling lips.  He moves his head as if he wants to look at John, but he's not there yet, and lowers his eyes to his thighs.
- chair and tries to get Sherlock's attention.
"What, no one told you?" John asks finally, when it seems the staring contest isn't going to resolve itself.
"It's a person, now, is it?  Before, it was a foetus.  Now, it's a girl.  She is becoming
John knows what Sherlock is doing.  There isn’t enough space between him and the floor for John to work properly.  At this point, he doesn’t even question Sherlock and just goes with the motion. Mycroft slowly slides down the floor, bring Sherlock with him, careful of the baby hanging between his bloody legs.
Sherlock is lying on the covers of his bed, completely immobile.  He is on his left side, his knees raised up high, his hands shoved between his thighs.  He seems very small and young.  Hard to believe this man catches criminals, sometimes literally, with so much passion and intent it can be downright scary.  He's a dangerous man, Sherlock, with an even more dangerous mind, but there he is, at the other end of the spectrum.  A too bright child in an adult body.
"... and I am sorry for that.  It might be true, but I am still sorry.  You were upset, you took it out on me.  It's your oldest trick, but I still fell for it.  I shouldn't have."
"I didn't want to hurt you, I swear, but we have to talk."
When Lestrade calls, a thunderstorm is raging outside, marking the end of the heat wave.  Sherlock and John's life goes back to its strange normalcy. They don't know it yet, but all they will get is six weeks before another storm blows through 221B Baker Street, leaving them, for once both at the same time, at a loss to know how to deal with it.
In the end, it does not take long until Sherlock is mobile again.  After they visit
And apparently he wants to ride John, which has only happened once so far but has been mind-blowing.
"Cosy?" John laughs, amused at the term.  He stretches his head to look at Sherlock.  He's sitting, both hands feeling the cushion, his long fingers pressing into the fabric.  John's laugh gets louder.  He looks like the worst actor in the world selling furniture for a local store.
Sherlock has yet to move.  He stares down at the newborn, his mouth gaping, his eyes so wide they keep crossing.  Then, very slowly, he lays down a hand on her back, covering it from neck to bottom.  He looks up at John and tries to smile, but instead bursts out crying, shaking with the force of it, caressing Sage’s back with his indexfinger and staring at her in wonder.
"You have the patience of a saint, and I deserved far worse," Sherlock dismisses John's apology with a lazy hand gesture.  "I
"Well, you think you should be above all of this, because you are a genius - I  am not making fun of you, please bear with me."
John is close enough now that the head of his cock catches Sherlock's hot, fluttering hole. It's dilated, ready to take him, but tonight John is content to just tease the rim now and then, enjoying the high-pitch "oh's" it produces from Sherlock.
"A lecture?"
"Yes."
"I need air," Sherlock mumbles, walking past him without slowing down.
"No, I knew," Anderson stutters.  "I just... I didn't imagine... Sherlock..."
"Almost scarily so.  The next thing we know we will have to ask him to be the godfather."
"You romantic bastard," John growls, letting Sherlock drag him outside.
"...Cuh-come," Sherlock stutters through John's trusts.  "There, I'm going to come, John, are you happy?  So close, please..."
"Two, we take the matter in hand.  I would suggest the latter, and not, as you might think, because I'm sexually frustrated, but because it can take a while before your body decides to act on it.  It doesn't even have to be about me, as long as you ejaculate."
There it is, the panic rising, when instead of relaxing, Sherlock's body keeps taut, locked on the last after-shock of his orgasm.  John gathers whatever energy he has left and lifts himself on his forearms.
Sherlock gives everything he has, and more.  He hasn’t needed John’s instructions to know how to push more efficiently (avoiding pushing with one’s “chest” instead of the lower belly muscles being the most common mistake) and is going at his own rhythm.  It’s a given that the method of having your patient give one long push or two with each contraction, coordinating them while counting, is a practice that is less and less used by obstetricians, and John didn’t even try; he had the feeling Sherlock would have quickly dismissed it.  It doesn’t matter really, he gives about four good pushes by contraction, and it is easy for John to see how effective they are, the birth canal expanding with each one, showing a little bit more of the baby’s head each time.  For now, it is pulled back inside at the end of each push, but it does progress, if only by the number of seconds it takes for the head to go back inside, expanding slowly but surely.
“If you keep that rhythm, Sherlock, It is highly doubtful you’ll give birth in a hospital.”
Sherlock opens his eyes wide.  "You took my mobile away from me to know what I think of... a couch, while I am discussing a criminal investigation about a woman who was most probably murdered?  Are you serious?"
Mycroft looks down at his glass and swallows its content in one gulp.  He seems old and tired, all of sudden.  “His feelings won’t simply go away,” he murmurs, as if he’s talking to himself.  “That’s not how it works.  Sherlock convinced himself he didn’t care about anything when he was still a young child.  His view of love seems to be one of a child as well.  That’s the problem with lying to yourself for so long - after a while, you start to believe it.  The other night, Sherlock asked me how I did it, how do I push sentiment and feelings aside so easily.  I taught him, when we were young, and I believed at the time I was doing the right thing.  I thought it would work for Sherlock like it did for me, but that was before I realized how different we are.   The truth is, what my brother pretends to be, is who I really am.
"Okay, then, let's have sex!" He exclaims dramatically like he's run out of any other option and
"Yes, John?"
John helps him sit while Sherlock, oblivious, stares at two pictures on the wall, letting himself be guided down onto the couch.  The first photo is of a pretty woman with dark hair and almond-shaped eyes.  The second is the portrait of a baby girl that might be six to eight months old.  She has a fair complexion and her father's wide blue eyes.  The only thing Sophie Beeks seems to have inherited from her mother is her full, heart-shaped mouth.
John knows he shouldn’t, but he pushes his empty glass toward him.
"That poor man, he didn't even have time to think if he should call the police or tell his superior," John groans, rubbing his forehead.
Mycroft nods, unable to look at him in the eyes.  He's waiting for Sherlock's reaction, drawing spiral patterns on the floor with his umbrella.
"Are you making fun of me?"
"John, what happened earlier in the examination room-"
"I've gotten better in the past few months, haven't I, though?" Sherlock asks, wrapping his arms around John's neck and looking at him with this intense affectionate look he reserves just for him.
Although Sherlock makes a point of not mentioning Moriarty again, to prove he's done with him, John knows the mad man is still pretty much alive in his mind, and that if Sherlock had just wanted to piss Sergeant Donovan off by establishing the resemblance between him and Moriarty, the thought is nevertheless quite disagreeable to him.
"Nope."
Sherlock lifts his head to look at John, as if he wants to read on his features what he thinks of his declaration.  His eyes are still heavy with sleep, and his cheeks are red, just like his lips.  He’s gorgeous. “You really are a fascinating creature,” John says, and kisses him softly.  Just as Sherlock’s mouth is opening to him, it closes abruptly, ending the kiss. Sherlock grunts loudly, then hisses, pressing  his hand, hard, on the left side of his belly.
The hit John receives in the stomach is too light to really hurt.  Plus, Sherlock is smiling.  "Three-continent Watson," he murmurs, snorting.
A surge of emotion pierces through John's involuntary indifference. He feels his eyes burn under his now closed eyelids. It hurts, because he's dehydrated, of course.  Whatever blood is left in his body has been directed to the most important organs: his brain, heart, liver and kidneys.  Not to waste on tears.
"It is your body, your decision, and you are right, we have decided together early on it wouldn't happen.  I told you, I love our lives."
"Yes, tell me about it.  Whoever thought pregnant people didn't need pockets anymore? It is ridiculous."
Sherlock does.  It doesn't take long before he finally becomes silent, hiccupping still between too deep breaths, but he's getting there.  He sniffs wetly.  John figures he'll be able to make him smile soon with a couple of snarky remarks about snout and his favourite jumper.
"Mmh," Sherlock grunts, pushing his hips back so they are pressed against John's crotch.
