There was also the fact that Sherlock could call the police, but he'd been pretty adamant on his denials of doing so.
He was tired, sore, and really trying not to focus on the inevitable trip back down. He make John carry him back down this behemoth for all he cared. "What is it you so desperately wanted to show me?"
Anderson pushes him back thrice his force and makes his head spin from the blow his head takes as it smacks the metal. Sherlock can feel the sting of broken flesh on the back of his scalp and the sticky blood it dribbles through his roots after it hits the sharp edge of the locker's air vent. Leaving him dazed and watery-eyed at the impact. It's a shock and a revelation all in one, and all he can see are the cars zooming past the window pane behind his captor, just below the building and across the darkened yard. Oblivious to anything that isn't their pick-up dinner or family meeting.
John looked down at the question. Cautiously smoothing the crinkly plastic over the engravings by the bottom circlet of the long, brass bullet. Yeah, he did. He remembered it vividly. How could he forget digging its twin out of his comrade's upper right thigh with his sandy fingers soaked in sticky red?
Apparently, someone managed to find an opening in his makeshift head protection and landed a quick strike to the side of his face.
Sarah cleared her throat and glanced at the resolved woman standing next to her in question. She only grunted in assent; keeping her rather unnerving stare leveled on Sherlock. Had she even blinked since arrival? Sarah cleared her throat again and straightened her back; staring up at the intimidating figure as the blatant yet muted wrath rolled off him in waves.
“No, I think that it wasn't too long ago since you nearly died from your using and if you stay with Mrs. Hudson you can get away with not finally sleeping and instead coming up here.”
"Sherlock, you don't have to worry about that. You can't. You'd be taken over with what ifs and then what else will there be?"
“Good idea, that man would attempt to put that flat back together himself if he was left alone with it.”
"How about we go to bed, yeah?" John asked. It had only then registered that he was saying something else and Sherlock wasnt listening.
"Here, love, I got it," John said gently. So Sherlock dropped his hands by his sides and focused on watching John's hands tie the black garment underneath his collar.
Sherlock sat in the back. He didn't know if it was because he didn't have the energy to walk anymore or if it was because he didn't want anyone to see him cry, but he sat and John sat next to him. John put a reassuring hand on his thigh and Sherlock wishec that he could smile at him.
Sherlock smiled, a genuine one that made his face wrinkle in aesthetically pleasing ways. "Right. Thank you." Sherlock looked at the table top, then decided to take out his phone and start texting.
Sherlock scowled, he couldn't help it. John was looking at him, open and kind and Sherlock didn't know how to proceed or what would be okay to say or even how to out everything into words. "What can't you turn on and off like a tap?"
Back to John's POV, let's play a game called "Who can see how many SIP parallels I put in the past three chapters" because even I just now saw them. John starts finally getting to root of what's up with Sherlock.
John settled into bed sleeplessly, turning the problem of Sherlock over in his head. It was an hour later when Rosie's cries shrieked through the baby monitor and John was thankful for something to do. But before he could even sit up, Sherlock's bounding steps were up the stairs and in the nursery.
“Not a worry, I know you and Sherlock need to rest after all of this business,” Mrs. Hudson said as she patted John’s shoulder.
Sherlock nodded and his mother let go and he wasn't really listening to what they were saying or what John was saying. Then Rosie was handed off, Sherlock feeling a slight suspicion that the impromptu visit had actually been planned, then John took his hand and lead him out.
John shrugged. "It doesn't seem as important anymore. I mean, who cares if anyone thinks I'm gay or not?"
John looked at him sadly. He didn't want John to be sad anymore. "I'll get you a T-shirt and see if I have any long pajama trousers around while you fold out the bed. Okay?"
Sherlock was told about the wake a week before. Molly, Lestrade, Mrs. Hudson, his parents, and Rosie had also been welcome to join. Mycroft didn't want to make an appearance, something about funerals being a social normality that served a purpose to only put to rest the wild feelings of the general public. Sherlock used to think the same thing. He was also invited to the burial, but he had seen Victor in a darkened hold in the ground before and didn't want to again.
Then on his way to Bart's he had the sudden realisation that he hadn't talked to Sherlock about moving back in. He wanted to, more than anything, but he decided to bring it up to Sherlock later because John doubted he would just assume things like that.
"Rosie needs to call you something other than Sherlock," John said. "Because, well, you're raising hee now and you're practically her second dad. I was wondering what you would have in mind? I'm afraid I have already been assigned one so it would probably be helpful to pick another, but--"
“Oh,” John said dumbly anyways. “You can talk, you know. To me. About whatever it is you're thinking.”
The stroll through the park never happened. Well, John supposed it did, but it was more like Lestrade had stumbled upon a murder victim there and John followed Sherlock about with Rosie in her stroller as he solved it with little pieces he gathered.
"Sure, love," John said. He picked up the remote, searching for a late night channel. "Here, want to lie down?"
Sherlock knew that John was smiling. "Well, good. I worked hard to look at least semi-impressive compared to you and I'm thankful that my work hasn't gone unnoticed."
Sherlock approached the coffee pot after putting Rosie in her chair. John looked at him as he reached for a mug and smiled. "So, Sherlock, I've been meaning to ask you something."
There was more silence as their footsteps and those of passers by echoed off of walls. Until John broke it, as he felt he always had to. "Sherlock, can you tell me about... Well, since you are gay, I was wondering..."
Sherlock Holmes blushed, for the first time in John's presence. Rosie babbled nonsensically and Sherlock directed his attention to the small baby girl as he tried to regain his composure. "Well, um, I suppose..."
John reluctantly went upstairs. After her cries were identified as hungry, John carried her down stairs to use the microwave and get to the formula. Sherlock was sitting on the couch, one steaming mug of tea set off to the side on the coffee table. "I'll only be a moment," John reassured him.
The man looked up at Sherlock with bright eyes, trying to match Sherlock's face to a person before it finally clicked. "Little William, is it?" he asked.
Sherlock stood, putting Rosie into her crib gently before going around John and out the door. John followed him down the stairs and into the kitchen.
Sherlock swallowed and closed his eyes again. "Okay." John slipped his free hand to Sherlock's fidgeting ones, taking the right one and pushing his fingers between Sherlock's before squeezing their palms together and laying them on Sherlock's leg. Sherlock took a shaking breath, squeezing John's hand quickly.
"She's beautiful, congratulations to the both of you, take a seat anywhere you like while I get a high chair."
He picked her up, looking into the wide eyes as tears clung to her delicate golden eye lashes and almost made her eyes sparkle in an odd, sort of sad way. "I'm sorry I haven't brought my violin with. I'm afraid you'll just have to manage with hearing me talk." Rosie looked unphased by this. "Well, Watson, what to do now?"
"Understandable," John replied. "So how about we go get Rosie, then? And you could pick up some clothes and things?"
"Could be dangerous," Sherlock joked as tears kept coming. He didn't expect John to do it. When hands turned him back around and short arms stretched to his shoulders Sherlock didn't know what to do. He didn't freeze, not really, he just didn't really move to do much else than slump into John.
Sherlock looked up at the ceiling, John's back towards him. Sherlock felt like he could focus. John's breathing, even and slowing by the second. His linens smelled freshly washed, the blankets a comforting weight around him as he inhaled deeply.
Sherlock was staying downstairs again. After a good cry and tea he felt that John had already been exposed to the emotional mess far too much for any sane person already and dared not to do it more. But the darkness was quiet and not a sound broke it and Sherlock hated it because it meant that it was entirely his own brain that was keeping him from sleeping.
When Sherlock turned, John was standing at the door he had his arms crossed, one shoulder leaning into the frame as he beamed at Sherlock. Sherlock froze, rewinding to remember if he had said anything particularly embarrassing.
Sherlock huffed, but it turned into more of a short laugh. "No, they're not close to me, they don't count."
"You called me beautiful, though," Sherlock argued. John found that after creating a much more intimate relationship, Sherlock loved bringing up poetic things that John tells him. Everything he says is true, down to the last adjective, but he felt like it was because Sherlock wasn't used to someone calling him beautiful or radiant or anything like that. John didn't mind the repition.
Sherlock felt like he was paling. She knew how he felt, John was the only one in denial of what the best man's speech had meant.
Sherlock had gone back to retrieve clothes from Baker Street, the pick up being cut short after the text from Lestrade and Sherlock forgetting about it until towards the end of lunch.
“Good, Mrs. Hudson agreed to look after her for tonight. I promised to call in the morning, bring her home maybe.”
221B was recreated, smiley face and all, and reconstruction had completed. Rosie had been in 221C, John's old room changed to a nursery. Sherlock had been the one to suggest christening the new flat after dinner and a few minutes of sitting in front of the fire.
"Oh please, John, you're just as impressive and interesting as I am if not more so." Sherlock decided that sleep and buried maternal instincts made him say stupid, revealing things.
"Yes, but if you're in for a cuddle I would rather have something more comfortable on." Sherlock had to agree because he would much rather have his pajamas on and maybe even a dressing gown.
"Oh, love, awake again? This business of not sleeping isn't very fun, is it?" Sherlock asked her gently. John couldn't help smiling.
Sherlock got out the tea kettle and started filling it with water. "I know you care, how come you won't let yourself be happy?"
Over that time John was watching Sherlock closely, for a handful of reasons, really. He needed to see that Sherlock wasn't so jittery anymore. He started taking his coat off without being told, started coming to bed with John without being invited first, and he had stopped the long silences plauged by darting, wide eyes and a frightened look.
But as John unlocked his flat door, take out bags in one hand, Sherlock felt like maybe he could get somewhere. Maybe not everything was so upside down after all. Maybe His John was finally back.
Sherlock nodded, but didn't move. He felt like if he moved he would disturb something. He didn't take his eyes off of John as he left the room, either. Sherlock was scared that if he came back, something would be wrong again and His John would be gone.
John looked dashing in a suit. He did before, on his wedding, but with longer hair it made Sherlock's stomach do flips. But that particular morning he wasn't feeling up to saying anything in particular about it.
"Leave it!" Sherlock stomped away, hands in his coat as he walked. John followed behind him, wondering what in the hell he had said wrong. Then he figured that he had said and done many things wrong over the eyears and regretted every harsh word he had thrown at the detective. Because in hindsight, Sherlock didn't deserve any of it.
A hard edge returned to Sherlock. "You have said repeatedly that you weren't gay, weren't interested in men, and not interested in me. With all of that, it would be hard for a person to develop feelings for the other," was the concise reply that was betrayed by a slight tremor.
"You always get up so late," John pointed out. Sherlock smiled and turned onto his back, untangling messy curls with his fingers and making them poof more.
John also knew that he was watching Sherlock closely for other, more selfish reasons. Sherlock had melded into a pleasant routine that involved helping John with Rosie, cooking or picking up dinner, and then going to sleep next to John. It was a different kind of domestic compared to what John had seen. He was no longer loud, agitated, and angry. He was polite and kind, catering to anything John or Rosie would ask. And John found that it was a very agreeable Sherlock to know.
"Well, you were correct," Sherlock told him, leaning down by the body and looking at the hem of the slim jeans closely.
Sherlock hadn't moved, his hands clasped tightly in his lap as he looked down. John sat next to him, about to say something to get the conversation going when Sherlock said. "I made you tea."
"Come on, let's go inside, yeah?" John suggested. Sherlock nodded, being guided towards the large doors where a man the age of his parents stood. A young woman was holding onto his one arm while he shook hands with the other. The girl was his daughter, red hair matching Victor's. Sherlock swallowed, freezing to the spot because they should've gotten to see him, see their son's ginger hair one last time, see his freckles, but instead they only had a partial skeleton and pictures and it wasn't fair.
After John dropped Rosie off at Mrs. Hudson's flat, he hurried to Bart's. While he was there he looked at how the rebuilding was going, saw how the walls were bare of color and wall paper, and felt oddlt like it was more than the flat being built anew. Like everything was different now, everything was finally back and settled. But he was left to wonder what exactly he felt had settled.
"Sherlock, just stop for a second and look at me, okay?" Sherlock sighed, briefly gathering what little remained of his emotional wall and looking up at John. "Sherlock, I have been out of line. Completely. You didn't do anything wrong, I was just upset and feeling guilty myself and instead of having you help me like you always do I blamed it on you. Nothing that I said or did was right. You're not a liar, you didn't kill anyone who didn't deserve it, and I have been so lucky to have a friend like you who didn't give up on me."
"Well, I figure if after seven years you finally figured out my sexuality, maybe you can deduce some other things as well."
"Yes, you're right, I do like the bunnies on your pajamas, your father occasionally has good taste," Sherlock explained.
“Then I'm walking with you,” John replied. Sherlock briefly glanced at him. “Just the two of us, right?” He tried to joke, but if Sherlock understood his words then he didn't let on. John let go of his arm, stuffing his hands in his pockets and trying to think of something to say that didn't make things worse.
"I promise, I'll text when I arrive, text half an hour in, then text when I leave with the special code word "red pants" so that you know that it's me."
Sherlock was sitting in the chair, a silent Rosie looking up to see John the same moment that Sherlock did. John thought of them as his beautiful family.
Mrs. Hudson laughed at him, short giggles like someone had said the funniest joke she's heard all week. They even started to bordsr cackles by the time she calmes down and took a breath. "Oh, sorry, love, I just thought you knew! Of course he does, has for years, broke his heart to see you married."
Sherlock raised his eyebrows, but sat at the booth in front of the window without a word. John sat Rosie in the high chair once it was set, leaving his hands open to look at the menu. Sherlock didn't pick his up, just tracked the cars and cabs that drove by with his penetrating, icy gaze. He looked like he was from another dimension, sitting in the daylight with his white skin that contrasted greatly to his curls and the shadows being thrown by his bone structure.
"Take your time," Sherlock replied in a monotone voice. So John went back upstairs and after burping and rocking, Rosie fell back asleep.
"What happens if someone else dies?" Sherlock asked. "What if it's Molly or Lestrade? Or it's my brother and he still thinks that all I do is hate him or Eurus and she's still alone in there and crying for someone to just notice her."
"And I will do it again," he replied before placing a delicate kiss to Sherlock's chest. His eyes, as they tended to always do, suddenly and unpredictably landed on the bullet hole. John traced his index finger over it, thinking.
John's breath caught and he couldn't do anythinf but stare. Then the questions came. Did Janine lie about all of that in the papers? Did Sherlock want a boyfriend? Had he ever had one? Did he ever want John to be his boyfriend?
It was after dark when police cars were waiting outside of the killer's residence. It was easy, really, considering that the victim wasn't originally from London and that she was young enough to still be going to University, that fact being perceived by the highlighter that dotted where her thumb met the rest of her hand.
Sherlock grinned and stood, taking his coat. "I sometimes play the violin when I think and won't speak for days."
"You just answered your own question. I care deeply and completely, it has proven to be a fatal flaw more often than not." Clinical Sherlock had made a return and John felt like he was losing Sherlock to what he had been before, when they had first met.
Sherlock was once again at a loss. He felt like he lost Molly as a friend, he didn't know what to think about his sister, his brother, Victor Trevor. He didn't even want to begin to poke at the feelings that were bubbling in his chest out of fear that he wouldn't know how to think about that either. He didn't even know where he stood with John anymore.
Sherlock swallowed and looked down. “Because now is not about being brilliant or showing off, it's about fixing everything that I've done,” he snapped. “These past few months have all been about fixing it.”
"I got a baby monitor, you know. Can hear everything," John said. That was the moment that Sherlock decided that everything he said had been particularly embarrassing. "Little bee, huh? I like it. Every little girl deserves an adorable nickname."
"I might've poked at him a bit too much," John answered, which he figured was true. He had poked at feelings that weren't meant to be processed yet and Sherlock was short circuiting.
“So how come you won't?” John asked. “You usually make a point of dazzling me with your brilliance, why is it so different now?”
John smiled at Sherlock, feeling giddy excitement for getting to witness the beautiful brain of his work to its full potential again. "I am, yeah. But I'll still give you a ride, it's right down the road from Bart's."
"Oh, sweetheart..." John hugged Sherlock, squeezing gently and rubbing his back whilenone hand had to hold onto his neck so that Sherlock could bury his face into John's shoulder. "You feel awful because you're burying your childhood best friend today. That's just how feelings work."
'I know what you can become,' Mary's voice said and Sherlock decided that he should end the conversation quickly. "I agree. So Rosie can take the other room."
It had been the realisation of that morning. John thought that Sherlock didn't date because John was so adamant that he wasn't gay, fought it tooth and nail at times. He, rather stupidly, hadn't realized that "Women aren't really my area" meant that he didn't like women.
Sherlock sighed. "If you must know there was only one, officially, and he isn't relevant now therefore it doesn't matter what he was like."
Mrs. Hudson and Molly were already waiting outside, also dressed in black, Mrs. Hudson wearing a large flopping hat. Sherlock got Rosie out and held her while John circled around the car to guide Sherlock with a hand to his back.
But he knew that just saying sorry wasn't good enough anymore. He needed to somehow do better without making worse of the situation.
John could tell Sherlock wanted him back by the way he sounded on the baby monitor. Like he was dejected, had given up the fight of keeping his best friend around and in good spirits. Whenever he thought about it, a now familiar pang of guilt would surface in his gut and he would promise to himself that he would never have Sherlock sounding or feeling that way again.
Sherlock swallowed and John could hear it. "I don't know," Sherlock replied. John remembered her words, "I know what you could be," and decided that she had probably planned it like the bloody DVDs.
"That sounds nice, the weather should be decent today," Sherlock said. It was so kind it was almost robotic, like he was trying too hard to be agreeable.
“No,” John interrupted sternly. Sherlock turned and met his gaze, looking confused but defiant at the same time. “You can come stay in my flat. I need to make sure you…”
After Victor disappeared, his parents had moved to London to get away from the grief. His mother was buried in the city and Victor was to be buried right next to her. Sherlock expected that his father had plans to join them someday.
"It was pretty damn lovely to see you back at work, too," John added. "Not doubting yourself anymore, I hope."
John smiled. "You don't have to if you're not ready." Sherlock opened his eyes and looked up at John. He leaned forward, gently brushing his lips over one stubbled cheek before pulling away again. John grinned, but Sherlock turned away before he could see.
"Sherlock! It's been a while, my friend, I haven't seen you in too long! Take a seat, you and-- Oh God, who is this?" Angelo had directed his attention to the newest Watson.
"Your father, however, is a very good man. Now him and I, we have also had our share of disagreements. Bad ones, I'm afraid. But he's the most reliable person you could ask for, loyal, but not too much so that he would let you get away with anything. I learned that the hard way. Never do drugs. Anyways, I know you're going to miss your mummy terribly, but you have the best daddy any little girl could ask for. He's strong, you see, a soldier. You will manage perfectly with him."
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "John, honestly..." He looked like he was going to say more, but stopped himself, frowning bitterly before standing and taking his plate with him. "I'll go with you to pick up Rosie," he said quietly before depositing his dishes into the sink.
John settled next to Sherlock again, resting his head on his chest and listening to his heart beat. "Maybe it was because I was too happy to be back after a long day of final touches."
When Mary's face appeared, Sherlock felt the guilt return in waves. It was the woman John loved, John chose, that saved John from himself after Sherlock jumped off of Bart's.
"You know, you must learn to sleep soundly in your own home, Rosie. I have a particular fondness for Baker Street as well and I'm just as guilty of not being able to sleep without someone else there, but you are an infant and I hope to rid you of that habit before it starts. Besides, I doubt your father would want to move back in to 221B."
"Maybe I want to change, too, Sherlock. I promise, never again will I be angry with you when all you need is my help. Okay?"
"I know, Sherlock." Sherlock looked up and saw Molly looking directly at him. "I know that you can't and that you haven't. But, to be completely honest, it's good that I said it. Like I have closure now and can move on. And with closure I think a person can forgive anything."
“You poor dears. Come in, Rosie has been asleep, but she's already packed to go home.” John moved into the flat before Mrs. Hudson finished, needing to see the small child to know that at least something was okay. He supposed that was the real reason he told the cabbie to go to Baker Street.
Sherlock stood clapping his hands tighter behind his back because he was scared to think of what it meant. He wasn't for John. He couldn't be anything to John because of what he had done and how's he's hurt him.
Sherlock nodded and got up to do as John said. He knew John was right, that thinking the way he did would make him feel worse and that he should leave it, but he couldn't. Thoughts swirled in and out like the debris in a tornado or a hurricane, each one threatening to topple him over completely, but he couldn't focus on one, he couldn't stay in one place or purposefully go to another, he just kept swirling and swirling and it was enough to make him feel sick or want to cry or both simultaneously.
Sherlock was thankful that Donovan was trying to talk Lestrade out of keeping Sherlock on the crime scene so Sherlock didn't feel like he'd be embarrassing either one of them. "The same sleeping arrangement. As right now -- Not from London."
There was a moment of silence and John took that opportunity to get out of bed and go to the nursery.
The baby monitor came alive with wakeful baby talking and Sherlock smiled. "Looks like little bee is awake. Go get her while I cook?"
"Listen, Sherlock, I realize that we haven't talked about me moving back in yet." Sherlock stared into the microscope, unblinking. "So I wanted to know if that would be okay. To bring Rosie and move back into the flat. So we can be more of a, uh... Family unit, I guess."
John thought that there were many to work out, many scenarios to think through. He himself was too mentally, emotionally, and physically exhausted to really think about anything, but he also knew that Sherlock would avoid giving into his own exhaustion until his problem was solved. The final problem.
When the cabbie stopped, John was painfully reminded of the state of the flat. The windows had cardboard pieces taped over them, some glass shards still reaching from the window frame.
The second time was when John Hamish Watson had wanted him to write a speech. A speech that was perfect, Sherlock had to make perfect for him because to him John was perfect and he needed to make John happy after everything he had done to him. But he couldn't betray his own feelings, couldn't let on how much he really felt for his flatmate. Sherlock realized later that he did so anyways, but John appeared to not have noticed.
When John had parked the car and started to look for the consulting detective, he couldn't help but think back to when he first walked into Bart's when hebcame back from Afghanistan. His new life was in the air, an open ended sentence in an unfinished story and he just wanted to get to the end and see if any of it would get better.
John woke up because Sherlock's hair was tickling his nose. He resisted a sneeze, instead opening his eyes and leaning up on one elbow to look down at his beautiful consulting detective.
"That's partially your fault, since you seemed to like it so much last night," John said as he swatted Sherlock's hand away.
“Thank you for watching her,” John said as he kept looking over his daughter. “I hate to ask you to watch her for a bit longer.”
"Hey, hey, it's okay," John cooed as he brought his other hand up to hold Sherlock's face. "Listen, everything will go okay. He will get a lovely burial, everyone will pay their respects, and he'll be put to rest properly. In this situation, I'm afraid that's the best ending you can ask for."
"Yeah, looking at such a small coffin doesn't help," John replied. Sherlock looked to the front of the room. It was a closed casket, the bones of his childhood best friend tucked inside. It was small, child sized, and a shiny black. Flowers were propped around it with one large picture of the smiling little boy displayed next to it.
John sighed, rubbing his face in mild irritation. The conversation did enlighten a few things for John. Like how Sherlock apparently cared very deeply for his friends, enough to save one from death and to feel overwhelming guilt for manipulating the other. John decided that Sherlock Holmes was then definitely gay, just a very reluctant to date one that was, at the moment, more concerned about setting things right with his friends and family.
When John finished, he slid his hands down the lapels of Sherlock's dress coat and pulled the button closed. "There. Brilliant and dapper as always." John looked up at him with a small smile, a hesitant one, and Sherlock tried to smile back but he must've grimaced instead because John cupped his face in one scratchy palm and rubbed his thumb in small circles over his temple. "How are you feeling?"
He had picked up more clues on Carl Powers’ shoes than most would have. He picked up more from dead bodies than a forensics expert (although that might just be Anderson’s shortcoming)! He understood what a criminal’s motives might be, when Sherlock was out of his depth on the understanding of
Making a slight sniffing noise, Sherlock said, “Oh, so glad you’re here John. Maybe you will be able to dumb down my deductions to the
Sherlock would assume that he knew John quite well, and John would be in no hurry to disabuse him of that notion. Sherlock did indeed know him too well. John oftentimes got an eery feeling that Sherlock was simply able to mentally crack John’s skull open and peer into every single thought running loops through his mind. The only reason that John did not concretely believe so was because he knew his own self all too well.
John had lived a fairly fantastic life so far. Being a doctor brought with it stories that he could regale people with at party after party and still have enough left behind to fill books with. Being in the Army had done nothing less, although recounting his time there was more difficult, and would bring bile so far up his oesophagus that he often didn’t deem it necessary to ever bring it up himself. When those around him ever asked, he found one way or another to deviate the conversation to head along a different route altogether. Although, in his life so far, there had been more drama and action than most movies he sat through, more bloodshed than the spy novels he read, and a fair bit of love here and there, John knew all that was eclipsed the moment he stepped foot into Bart’s that fated day.
” had been his only escape. With how often John said it, one might think John had indeed flipped a switch in his brain (which doesn’t exist!) and decided to be
Before Sherlock devolved into the motions, John said, “Ready to astonish us all with your deductions, love,” loud enough for every single member of the Met standing around to know clearly what they were to each other now.
been putting the moves on the first night at Angelo’s. He had never met a specimen quite so unique in terms of verbal veracity, mental scrupulousness, and physical grandiosity. He decided to back off once Sherlock had made it clear that he was not interested in pursuing any such activities and was “
from the scene where the body parts were discarded, and how that led him to the skip they were in now. He stopped the barrage of information in order to continue sorting through the garbage left on the ground before he had been marvellously interrupted by John.
John laughed out loud at the text, only to receive another dumbfounded look from the cabbie at that.
John was just in time to hear Lestrade finishing off with, “…so help me God, even Mycroft will not be able to reach the place I’ll arrange for your end!”
John bounded down the alley and could just about see a few younger officers around Lestrade’s tell tale head of salt-and-pepper. Sally had been right, Lestrade was giving Sherlock the dressing down of his life. John could not see Sherlock yet, but couldn’t wait to ensure that he was in one piece.
John simply decided to use Fact Number 8, and not allow anyone, besides those who knew him from Before Sherlock times, to know this about him!
“Well, as much as I would love to continue this, I think we’ve given the Met enough of a show. Why don’t you go ahead and dazzle us with your deductions now, my genius.” John whispered, brushing his lips against Sherlock’s ear.
This had yet to yield anything changing in their personal lives, but John was cautiously optimistic. He hadn’t dated anyone in over 5 months, and Sherlock was staggeringly aware of the same. John thought that he might only have to
, that a banker with a million-dollar pin would leave it with his girlfriend. John did not see that Sherlock was simply intrigued by The Woman, and not in love with her!
“What are you saying mate? You’ve both been shamelessly besotted with each other since you started living and working together. Sherlock hasn’t been his usual self since you joined him. Oh sure, he would have his moments of being belligerent, irritable, menacing, and all the other good things we’ve come to love, but the difference was stark nonetheless, wasn’t it! We all knew it was only a matter of when and not if. Glad you got this all sorted then!” Lestrade clapped John on the back with his final words.
Since then, Sherlock had been the one constant in his ever-changing landscape. He had done more for John than any other individual in his life, bar none. Breaking him down as though he knew him from atom, Sherlock ripped apart the fake facade of bravado John had kept up after his discharge from the Army. For a person hoarding an illegal gun in his drawer, limping through life without any purpose, Sherlock ensured that the limp was gone just as far away as John’s new purpose had all but engulfed him. Even the gun was put to better use than John had originally intended.
That had certainly cracked open John’s chest and smashed his heart into pieces. It was with great restraint that John had not done anything irredeemable right in that moment, on hearing those words escape Sherlock’s lips. All John wanted was to bundle Sherlock up against his chest and say,
). But that did not mean that he would not be ridiculed by Sherlock off and on. John had mostly made his peace with it. However, when his patience was running thin and he was being mocked far too ruthlessly, he would either shout back or leave for a long and winding walk around the city.
This acceptance of being left behind, however, was something that had changed recently. Sherlock had decided to investigate a person who was suspected of murder without having informed Lestrade or John. Finding Sherlock in a pool of his own blood from a gash across his lower left leg and upper right arm had left John breathless. The litany of words out of John’s mouth had made Sherlock cower. Lestrade had not even deemed it necessary to say his two cents worth after the lecture John had unleashed. Even Mycroft had held his tongue at seeing the anger seething under John’s very skin when he visited Sherlock in the hospital.
a little ways past the absolute surface level that people looked at and didn’t process further in their minds. He knew that no one could come anywhere close to being the eagle-eyed - almost omniscient - creatures that were the two Holmes brothers. However, he was fairly observant, regardless of what it might seem like.
John’s love towards Sherlock had progressed gradually. Every titter of laughter escaping their mouths at crime scenes added to it, and every time he lost his temper at Sherlock worked to remind him that Sherlock was just human too. He was not to be placed on a pedestal and given an unholy amount of power over John’s life.
officers of the Met who are so incapable of understanding anything composed of beyond two syllables that I fear for the time that I might not be around to help them solve things anymore.”
Incidentally, Sherlock had also shown his own heart at times, unsure of what else to do given the circumstances. Words that he would otherwise have not birthed, had escaped his lungs when their relationship was put to the test.
__________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________________
John knew he was caring. He was an excellent doctor thanks to this. He cared to the point of screaming at patients - well,
Even when Sherlock left John behind, ran too fast on his very long legs, or altogether forgot that John had accompanied him somewhere, John couldn’t help but marvel at the person he was around. It irritated him, don’t doubt that for a second. But John always loved basking in the glow Sherlock exuded when something was worked out, when a piece fit, when the puzzle was solved, when the deduction led them to where they were needed. John loved it, and for that, he would willingly be left behind, but not always.
Wasn’t that something! The greatest mind on this planet, bar Mycroft, thought that John caused his brilliant deductions to flow easier. John was more than happy to take the backseat when it came to employing his cognitive resources to break something down and investigate it on a molecular level. He was happy to simply be a sounding board in this aspect.
Somewhere to his left, John heard, “They’re through the alley there. I just got back and do not want to lose my hearing over how much Lestrade was shouting! Better get there before his highness does another runner!” Sally sounded almost worried, something that had never coloured her voice while dealing with Sherlock’s antics in the past.
do to be healthy, he had never ignored John. Nibbling slightly on small morsels of food, sipping tea with fervour every time John left a cup by him (either while it was still steaming, or hours later, after it had run cold), Sherlock did it all for John. John allowed the feeling of seeing the gradual and very slight weight gain in Sherlock to balloon up in his chest, and for the joy to flow down every nerve in his body.
However, John knew that his unwavering loyalty could be a thing that caused his downfall. Since he had declared to himself that his mind, body, and soul were aligned with Sherlock, he had been left behind (
brain. It must surely get overwhelming at times, if the string of deductions thrown in a single breath at any given moment were anything to go by. John had had moments in his life where he would go through something similar. During his days as an Army surgeon, when a body was laid out in front of him to save, his brain would go into a sort of overdrive and highlight anything and everything of importance. That had not happened since he had been discharged, though. Now, his brain would still lay out the most important bits when he came across a dead body, but despite that, he could just not compete with the skill encompassed in Sherlock’s brain!
Sherlock, who had never previously listened to what anyone had to say about his manners, had all but eaten his words when John proclaimed that something he had done was not good. Everyone in the surrounding was left with their mouths hanging, never having seen Sherlock brought down by four simple words.
“You are too important for this world to die like that, do you understand! I won't be able to take it if you die. I won’t survive. Is that clear!?”
had left John with the certainty that Sherlock did sometimes flirt! John, however, being John, did not think much of this (
had very efficiently shut every single one of John’s systems up. Damn it, John would have to try harder to not display his feelings so overtly. If Irene had been able to deduce this about it, it was only time that Sherlock would too!
Running around the mad man brought with it its own ups and downs, but John would rather that than another day in the bed-sit, counting down hours until his next interaction with his therapist or the fleeting conversations with passers-by in the canvas of his life.
John’s world was drenched in Sherlock, his mind running circles around the self-proclaimed sociopath’s person. What Sherlock was up to, had he eaten, had he slept, was there anything that needed to be done for the house, did he need to go shopping, where was his Sig, were there enough bullets in it, did Lestrade know what they were up to, was there a case they could be called in for, could he call Lestrade if needed…
This was a fact that John held so closely to his heart that he did not even dare bring it to the surface of his conscience in the waking hours while he was alone in his room, lying on his bed. John knew he loved Sherlock very early on in their relationship as flatmates. One does not simply kill a man for someone they met 24 hours prior! This was a secret that was John’s, and John’s alone.
“Shun that thought!” Sherlock’s voice was all but a subsonic rumble at this point, his body completely and utterly overtaken by the havoc John had wreaked upon it. He continued in a tone brimming with sheer earnestness, “I couldn’t live without you either, John. Although love is a vastly inefficient word to illuminate what I feel for you, I do, too… love you, that is… wholeheartedly, unwaveringly, vehemently, and steadfastly. I apologise John, I shall endeavour to never leave you behind, no matter the circumstances.” Having proffered thus, Sherlock brought their mouths together yet again.
prying eyes and ears with this ammunition that he held about his own self, so far deep in his psyche that none but his sister and a few mates from Army possibly knew.
John was inordinately proficient at picking up signs when someone else was flirting with him. More than one sergeant at the Met had flirted with him on several occasions, but John did not want to mix work with pleasure, with the exception of Sherlock. He had left several crime scenes with people eyeing him up. Several trips to Tesco had included him walking away with a lady’s number, more so after his blog hits skyrocketed. Heck, he had set up a date with a doctor on the very day he was interviewed by said doctor - who had also ended up employing him! What else did you want to know about John, other than the fact that he was
Wanting Sherlock more than anything in the world, and simultaneously not wanting to ruin what they had between them, John had overcorrected. He had to ensure that Sherlock did not get the slightest whiff of his attraction to the same gender, and for the resulting spool of deductions to untangle, to reveal that John held the biggest torch for Sherlock amidst everyone available to him.
Sherlock’s breath was knocked out of him at the sudden change in posture followed by the harsh hit of the wall against his back. This was all for the best for John would not have allowed a single word to pass Sherlock’s lips.
The glimpse of fear in Sherlock’s features while investigating the hounds had led to John laying awake in their shared bed in Baskerville. He had seen a multitude of other expressions and feelings on Sherlock, but never fear. Never the horror of doubting his own mind, being duped by his own senses. Sherlock was so human in that instance that John had to leave, lest he disclose his own heart in that tiny Inn.
John made his way towards the kitchen as he was wont to do. Filling up the kettle, John fetched his RAMC mug and a bag of Earl Grey from the cupboard over the sink. All but ready to sink into his sofa with a steaming cuppa, John’s thoughts were snagged out of their reverie with a chime on his phone. Removing his phone from his trousers, John unconsciously walked towards the living room, knowing that it might either be Lestrade or Sherlock asking him to come in for another murder/robbery/kidnapping, what have you.
, full of desperate anger and fear, in public, in front of the Met, in a skip, while holding the love of his life, who smelled like decaying fish. John stood on his toes, gently cupping Sherlock’s jaw all while kissing him so furiously that the two sensations were in enormous contrast to each other.
! However, John’s unrelenting stance may have turned Sherlock colder towards him, in some aspect, than John intended. John only hoped that he had not destroyed the remotest possibility of anything ever happening between the two of them.
Despite Sherlock’s desperate attempts to drive his body to the brink of collapse, and refusal to listen to anyone regarding what he
). Sherlock was a professional through and through and must have wanted to hone his skills by practicing on John, given John’s proximity at the most convenient times. However, it was when they were cocooned in their homes and there were no changes in Sherlock’s actions that led John to think, without a doubt, that he was being flirted with without any ulterior - i.e., case related - motives.
Throwing the fare onto the tray dividing the front and back of the cab, John leapt out and rushed to get to wherever Sherlock and Lestrade had ended up, alongside what looked like a quarter of the force making up NSY.
Next to Sherlock, this seemed like a joke to even bother admitting. He definitely couldn’t tell someone’s profession by their tie or cuffs, the state of someone’s marriage by the jewellery on them, or where someone was coming from by the soil on their shoes. He sure as hell knew nothing about ash!
When the kiss had moved from furious and angry to soft and languorous, Sherlock’s whimper caused John to finally break away. Moving both his hands to now hold Sherlock’s face in between them, John said, soft as he had ever said anything in his life so far, “You can’t leave me, Sherlock. If anything were to happen to you when you’re off chasing criminals alone, and I could have been with you to protect you, I won’t be able to live with myself. If anything happens to you, I will die. Please don’t ever leave me and run off again.”
The part time work he kept himself busy with, and the girlfriends he tried to divert his attention with were not even close to being as useful as a band aid on a bullet wound when it came to keeping his mind off Sherlock. He was done for, and it was made even more blatant when the
He was, in fact, such a good cook, that he could get Sherlock to wipe his plate clean on several occasions. Some of these were moderated by the fact that Sherlock had not eaten for a few days during a case, and some purely because the food he had put together was so downright delicious that Sherlock’s mouth and
Passing on his laptop for Sherlock to read his blog about their first case together, John did not think Sherlock would be flattered. No, sir. John had thought Sherlock would be an absolute ball of mush after reading the almost poetry he had spewed on his blog. He had thought Sherlock would see through him and decide to take up with John, after all. He had thought Sherlock would realise how someone else saw him as human, despite his efforts at showcasing himself as a feelingless thought machine. John had hoped for a completely different outcome, but had instead received a crash course in the psychology behind Sherlock Holmes. Ever the scientist, never the poet.
Talk about the worst possible thing one could say, and then quadruple it. This response had been worse than that!
. He had bedded more men than women, actually, having been on what felt like a near clinical rotation in the Army, with everyone wanting a taste of Three Continents Watson. He had had serious girlfriends and boyfriends during his University days, and had cherished them all.
John had encountered more life-and-death situations in London than he had while touring Afghanistan. John had patched up Sherlock more often and for more serious injuries - that really required a trip to A&E - than was ethical. John had seen Sherlock’s life threatened and stepped in to save him countless times, and was afraid that either he would die or Sherlock would, before he could muster up the courage to talk about his feeling towards his oblivious flatmate.
As important as Sherlock was to John, to his continued existence in this world, the reverse was true too, if not much truer. John held an important place in Sherlock’s life, regardless of what the latter might say on the matter. John was essential to the work. Although it was difficult to translate at times, being summoned from his work, being woken up in the middle of the night, being spoken to while not in the house/room, being asked to fetch a phone from his coat pocket, not being allowed to finish a meal to instead run out the door after a case were all subtle ways in which Sherlock proclaimed that he would not be able to work without John by his side. To that effect, Sherlock did invariably give himself away with a statement or two.
John, feeling light and proud, laughed at the teasing tone-not even alarmed that an authority figure had just implied he'd considered employing him (best not to think about it)- and handed over the notepad illustrating the track line.
Sherlock hissed a breath through his teeth and rose, clattering stray dishes on the table. "Fine. Just stop making that face." He stepped around John and briefly looked him over before reaching the door and debating growling at it. He resigned and swung it open in one calm, graceful motion. Although the look on his face intimated otherwise. Two young women were revealed: one startled and one resolved. The startled young woman, Sarah according to her necklace, lowered her hand slowly and suddenly became transfixed by his century old flooring. Sherlock blinked tiredly.
With that thought, John exits into the main corridor and pounds down the cement to homeroom. Before a figure stumbles out of a hallway up ahead of him with a clatter, John barely manages not to graze them as he propels himself off the wall above their crouching figure and over them while they move to pick up their clipboard.
"Alright, so the job ad. It will say "Series & Grade" and that usually looks something like this." He pointed to a code on the screen with a bored expression. Pretty much running on auto-pilot. "GS-1320-13/13. So, the four digit number is the job code- A friend of mine was hired at 0343 but you can largely ignore that." He lightly boasted. " The second set of numbers-" The kid cleared his throat loudly, making Lestrade turn to peer down at him.
With that, John gave the tummy he was mostly responsible for a kiss, his lips brushing against the hyper-sensitive fat, then moving his legs to straddle his lover.
John was...suspicious, to say the very least, when Sherlock texted him saying the he would be in charge if drinks and snacks for their daily tea time.
John Watson was an averagely intelligent, pre-med student on a rugby scholarship that the nervous-to-the-point of quivering Holmes-baby had met on his first day of orientation, the boys wild, great curls jutting out in every direction above a zit-covered face and perpetually frowning mouth. John, one year above Sherlock, had been his orientation leader, arms thick with muscle under sun-kissed skin, eyes full of warmth that filled whatever room he was in. Sherlocks heart had pounded when this bronzed god had made it his mission to bring the sulking teen out of his shell. They had started dating two weeks later, and had continued doing so for the past two years, Sherlock a junior and John set to graduate in the spring.
"Food science!" The woman shouted, excitedly. "The food world is booming with all sorts of chemical additives and so on!" She scribbled down a long sequence of symbols, which everyone but Sherlock copied down.
could do nothing more than eat every last bit on the plate in front of him, going so far as to steal a few bites from John’s plate if needed.
“I’ll double the fare if you step on it, mate. It’s a matter of life and death here.” John did not think twice about bending the law to help him out here. What use was it knowing Mycroft and tolerating him from time to time if John could not exploit any benefits from the association?
Sherlock was left trying and failing to gather his thoughts. Meeting John’s eyes, Sherlock brought his face closer to John’s, holding him around the waist, and in the gentlest tone possible, said, “I didn’t know you were thus affected, John. I failed…failed to see, failed to observe…I…um…I’m not sure what I did…why you feel for me…whatever you do…”
Sherlock looked down. There was too much to say, he decided. There were too many emotions for him to protray, to discuss, to feel, to explain. It was even harder to identify their causes, especially without revealing particular emotions that he was still trying to deny in the most feeble way possible.
John took a deep breath, rubbing his face in frustration. "Okay, how about I go put her down and then we'll sit on the couch and talk this over calmly, okay? I'm sorry that I sounded so harsh."
“Oh John, I was worried sick, every time I think at least one of you boys had learned to call on your mobiles you seem to magically forget and leave me fretting,” Mrs. Hudson scolded.
Sherlock had brought up the issue of going to see Eurus after the wake. John didn't want to hear of it, didn't want to speak of it, was revolted by the idea of his precious Sherlock going back there alone. He even called Mycroft to make sure that he wouldn't sneak there on his own. But Sherlock eventually made him listen and John eventually, stubbornly agreed that maybe it could do them both some good. But he still hated the idea.
"But the amazing part was that he came back. My brother tried to scare him, ask him to spy on me and feed him information. He not only said no, but he even came back to the flat and helped me solve the murders. Texted a serial killer for me and everything. It was brilliant, really, and then we had gone to Angelo's, where we went earlier today. But it was when he walked back in, after I showed him that case. I knew I had to find a way to charm him into sticking around. I didn't exactly know why I had to, but here we are. He's still putting up with me. So if you ever have doubts about your dad, I'll be happy to tell you that story again."
"I know that you don't blame me, John, but it's a bit hard to believe that after you split my brow open." It had slipped out. Sherlock meant to think it, not to say it, and he felt like a complete imbecile when he saw the look on John's face. It looked like he had been the one that was hit.
"Enough, John." Sherlock got into the passenger seat, closing thd door with more force than necessary, but not exactly slamming it. John secured Rosie into her seat, talking to her in light tones before getting into the driver's seat.
"Alright..." Sherlock replied as he hoped that the dimly lit nursery would hide the blush that was standing out across his cheek bones.
But now that John thought about it, it would change a lot of things. Mostly because John felt like it would fix something, whatever had been broken in Sherlock, to reassure him that he wasn't the only one who cared.
John went up and slowly put a hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. “Come on, I know you’ll need the rest, you haven't stopped for days.”
The question came to John's mind after the chase to the house. Sherlock had just stopped mid-sprint and John nearly bumped into him. When he stopped and looked up, Sherlock looked more like a picturesque angel statue than a man who had just run a few miles.
Sherlock stepped more into the kitchen, looking a little anxious. "I'm fine." But John shot him a look and Sherlock shuffled to the opposite side of the table. As Sherlock proceeded to eat everything off of the plate, John ate his own food in silence.
"I know you're hurting and that you need someone but I'm not that person because you've made it clear multiple times that you would never have feelings for me and that I would not be the most desirable partner so please, John, just leave it."
"Only his father is alive. His mother died of a heart attack," Sherlock said. He squeezed his eyes shut harder, trying to keep himself from crying. "She died without knowing what happened."
Sherlock winked and John felt his heart nearly fall to the floor. "Then come on, John. The game is on."
"So, little bee, what to discuss today?" Sherlock asked her. "I think I'd like to explain another thing to you and your daddy. It's very important to me and I think I made a fool of myself earlier."
John took his hand off of Sherlock's back, gently turning his face towards him. He leaned in slowly, giving Sherlock enough time to pull away if he wanted. Instead, he closed his eyes and waited. John pressed his lips to Sherlock's, keeping the kiss simple and relatively long before pulling away.
"Of course. 221B is really the first home I've had in a long, long time. And I couldn't leave you all alone. Besides, we've got cases again, and I heard once that you'd be lost without your blogger."
That DVD from Mary arrives and Sherlock says some revealing things to John. Also, Rosie Watson counsels Sherlock through a sleepless night and she's the cutest thing ever.
"He's right, you know. If you feel guilty about it or if you still feel guilty about trying to forget him, don't."
"Hey, Sherlock, your parents want to know of Rosie should spend the night?" Sherlock turned to see his mother and father, his mother frowning at him before coming up to hug him tightly.
John laughed a bit. "Yes, but I mean you're thinking like you were before. All... I don't know, negatively."
Rosie started reaching for her crib. Sherlock stood to put her back in, but her face scrunched into a pre-wail and he picked her up again. She grabbed her blanket as she was lifted and once settled back into the chair she held it close to her and drooled on it.
Sherlock dropped a plate onto the counter, breaking it. "Dammit!" he snapped, gingeringly picking out the larger pieces. "I'm sorry, John, it must've slipped, won't happen again."
But John's lips quirked and he stepped aside to let Sherlock in. "We can share the bed tonight, yeah?"
"Just need someone to hold you, hm?" he asked. He only talked to her because he had read that a developing baby benefited from hearing people talking normally and classical music. Therefore no baby talk was permitted in his presence and the violin was included once per visit.
John stepped away from the stove, taking the pan and spatula and sliding a few pieces of bacon onto a pair of plates. "You need to eat, I know that you haven't eaten in days," John said as he took a seat.
John looked like he had just woken up, his hair no longer set in place with product, his eyes looking puffy. Sherlock was happy that at least he could still deduce some things.
"John," his voice cracked and he hated it. He closed his eyes, hoping that the burning would go away. "I know that I've previously apologized for past grievances that I have caused, but know that I am deeply, profoundly sorry for what happened at Sherinford and in the well with Eurus. You of all people didn't deserve it, your daughter didn't deserve to be orphaned, and I am so sorry that I hadn't thought first and--"
When they did get home, Sherlock wrapped his arms around John and didn't let go. "Sweetheart, I'm not going anywhere," he said. "But I would like to change out of this suit."
"So does this nice thing mean that you'll be nicer to Scotland Yard, or do I still need to hear them rant about you?"
John nodded once to himself. “Exactly.” He tried to sound softer, realizing that before he had a Captain Watson edge in his tone. “Now come on, there's a pull out bed that needs to be set up.”
Dinner passed silently. Sherlock ate as much as John would let him get away with because every time he thought about the well he felt like throwing up. John ate his whole plate. Then John looked over at Sherlock. "You're thinking again."
Sherlock decided that sitting in the lounger would help somewhat. He sat, leaning back into the over stuffed chair. Rosie leaned her head into his chest.
It was the same routine, the song and dance of Sherlock not wanting to eat and then discovering after the first few bites that he was ravenous and eating anything John would put in front of him. John was happy to know that part hadn't changed. Other parts, like the grating arrogance and confidence, had drastically morphed into something more human than Sherlock had ever showed the world.
John felt like absolute rubbish for it all. He hasn't been himself since Mary died, completely neglecting what had happened to Sherlock. Before he would shoot a man for him without a second thought and while playing the Saw murder games he couldn't. But John felt like the Dr. Watson in a cream coloured cable knit jumper was finally back and was ready to prove that to Sherlock.
"My boy, I haven't seen you in years," he said as he took Sherlock's hand and patted him on the shoulder, smiling. "Who are these two?"
But since thinking about it made Sherlock feel heavy again, he kept himself high on being forgiven by everyone he felt was important. Even when his doubts came knocking into his brain, wondering whether he would get it wrong just like Redbeard, he managed to keep his chin up and stroll onto the crime scene like he owned it, his trusting partner beside him and trying to keep up.
"Like I said, Sherlock, It's all fine with me. It doesn't change the fact that you're my best friend."
Sherlock smiled back, some of the weight of his concern lifting and leaving him feeling a little freer. "Good."
John decided to think of something reassuring to say, something that would break him out of his thoughts. “You are a good man, you know. I might've been slow to catch on and prone to forget it when I was in a fit, but you are a good man.”
She was sound asleep, rattle loosely held in a chubby little hand as she dreamt. Her mouth moved in her sleep. “She's been a dream, rarely ever wakes up in the night anymore unless she needs a nappy change.”
John paused his washing, turning to look at Sherlock as he deduced the location of brown paper bags and started dropping the plate pieces into one. "Hold on, Sherlock--"
"You're right." The tension in John's shoulders disappeared and he looked back at Sherlock. "I'm sorry that I made it about me. You have been hurting, physically and emotionally, this whole time and I've just sort of ignored it. I promise, no more shouting, I will listen and ask questions and you can answer or not. Please, explain how you feel."
"Yes." Sherlock's voice cracked and he swallowed again because John was also hurting, he should be the one comforting John instead of the other way around and he was already failing miserably.
"Like a real one, I don't care if I get hurt anymore, I just want to be with you in every way that two people who are in a romantic relationship should be together becauss if not I'm going to regret everything I didn't do just like I am now."
Rosie babbled back at him. "Yes, indeed, she was a dear friend of mine. Clever as I am, but as kind as your father. She would do anything to protect you and him. We had our disagreements, yes, she did shoot me once, but that was all alright."
"I think that she's feeling a bit hurt, having been played with like that, especially if someone like Lestrade already explained what happened."
John was making breakfast downstairs when Sherlock finally woke up. He could hear him moving around, probably using the loo. John was worried that he wouldn't be awake in time to eat the toast, eggs, and bacon warm. John would've elected to eat beans and toast, but Sherlock wasn't particularly a fan.
"I can put a shirt on," Sherlock offered shyly. He was still unsure of this particular mark, the scar newer, the memories behind it battling with the Fall for most traumatizing adventures of recent history. John could tell and he had to agree, but he found that he was drawn to it the same way he was drawn to Sherlock himself.
"But then I was threatened by Moriarity. Either I fed into his plan, fakes my death, finished his story, or my best friends would get hurt again. They were going to die again. I hadn't remembered that day, you see, I didn't know that it was this fear of losing people that made me jump. And I couldn't come back and reveal that I was still alive until I had taken down every person who was known to work for Moriarity. Two years of that and it was safe to come back. But it happened again. My best friend had hated me, found someone else, and then she died and... I can't be what you want, John, I've let you down so many times and I'm not the Sherlock Holmes I was before the fall."
The air was fresher outside, his lungs not so crushed. He took a deep breath and blew it out and John moved his arm around his waist.
John smiled and Sherlock kissed him because he realized that John meant everything and that he could lose him any day now and he deserves to be kissed as often as possible.
"No," Sherlock said quickly, loudly, and quite suddenly. He said it with such ferocity that John almost jumped. "I can't."
There was a longer pause now and Sherlock was scared that he had said the wrong thing. "Then good night, Sherlock," John said happily.
It had been three weeks, two days, and thirteen hours since that night on the couch and John had kept to his promises. He hadn't yelled, hadn't lost his temper, hadn't even asked for anything relationship wise, either. Sherlock imagined all that would change once they moved back into Baker Street and he was comfortable enough to start leaving severed toes in the fridge. But until then, Sherlock felt safe in John's arms, grounded when he held his hand, and overjoyed whenever he kissed him and that's all he cared about.
John licked his lips. “Come on.” He tugged on Sherlock's arm, turning him around to finally walk down the steps and back out onto the street.
Sherlock laughed, opening his watering eyes reflexively. John smiled at him sadly and Sherlock hated that he still made John look sad so he turned away and tried to wipe his eyes with gloved hands.
“I'm trying to see if I remembered anything else wrong. In my Mind Palace. But I keep getting distracted.” Sherlock’s answer was uncharacteristically slow, like he was still in the throes of going through his memories.
Hands cupped John's face and tore it away from cooking, kissing his face and decidedly causing the burning of the eggs.
John had called him. He was holding Rosie in one arm, a white envelope in the other. Sherlock's throat went dry as John handed it to him. "Pop this in while I put her down, okay?"
Everything felt so different to John. It was bright and open and positive and happy and he had no clue that he could be ever felt so complete. Of course, he would still be the soldier that never left the war, Sherlock would still be the drug addict, but now that they had made it they were just Dr. John Watson and Sherlock Holmes.
Sherlock's hair was windblown, ruffled in a delicate way with a few stray curls falling onto his porcelain skinned face. John wondered if it felt as smooth as it usually looked, which he realized was definitely not how best mates think about eachother. The angle of the light cast marvelous rays of shocking blue into his eyes, they glowed like lanterns as he posed perfectly to have his wondrous neck elongated as his profile shouted against dark stone walls.
"My point is that I'm not the man you loved before I died so why would you care!" As Sherlock shouted, he had turned back around with waving arms and accidentally knocked one of the mugs over, causing it to roll off the counter and break."
Sherlock opened his mouth, then closed it, then thought for a moment before trying again and failing to make a sound. John thought that it was out of character, for Sherlock to be floundering like that, especially in front of him. John thought it was almost like seeing little Sherlock, trying to voice his first deductions.
John opened the first lab door he came to and saw Sherlock stooped over the microscope. His hair was shorter than it was that first meeting, he had a little more color to his skin, and he had definitely gotten to a healthier weight. But when John saw those blue eyes look up at him he grinned because it was the same brilliant ending as before.
Sherlock liked Rosie Watson. She enjoyed smiling and did so often, and also liked grabbing at anything accessible. Like Sherlock's hair, coat collars, shirt collars, among other things. But Sherlock didn't mind, he just smiled at the curious child and continued on with whatever he was doing.
John knew what an apologetic Sherlock looked like. He made John coffee -- even though Sherlock thought it was drugged coffee, that's beside the point -- basically planned his wedding, and had offered his babysitting services. Either they were small things to help John, or they were grand gestures of an exploding train or a tear jerking best man's speech or sending a fake demon hound after him.
Sherlock's mouth was hanging open, his eyes looming over John's face intently, searching for something. Then he looked sadly at John, frowning. "John, I put you into danger again, I was too focused on myself and I didn't notice Eurus and I had forgotten everything and--"
Sherlock didn't know. He just wanted to see John, to know he wasn't in a well anymore, that he wasn't angry with him anymore, he wasn't drowning anymore, that he wasn't dead or dying or in pain. But as Sherlock opened his mouth to say something, nothing would come out. He felt idiotic.
"Well, you're gay, and I figure that there's nothing wrong with it and I might've been insensitive before."
The third time was when John had blamed him for Mary's passing. He didn't know how to gain back the ground he had lost. He thought everything was finally okay again, John had been happy and he had cases and there had been the threat of Moriarity but Sherlock could protect them, he would protect them, he had to protect them. He had been horribly wrong, about everything it seemed, and he had felt so alone again.
"Your hair looks messy," Sherlock mumbled as he reached up and started playing with John's still greying hair.
Instead, Sherlock swallowed, his adam's apple bobbing on his long throat. "I will try to remember that, John."
Sherlock directed that cyan gaze to John. "Whenevdr someone assumes we're a couple, you correct them. Why didn't you this time?"
Then John thought again about sharing a bed with Sherlock. He wondered if Sherlock ever had nightmares. John was now certain that the time Sherlock was away after The Fall was anything but a holiday. He had glimpsed at scars while he was in hospital, heard him mumbling whenever he slept during his short stint back at Baker Street. The fact that he killed a man for him and Mary and Rosie.
His face had more color in it, but the rest of him was still pale enough to almost blend into the sheets as the white rays of sunshine danced across his sleeping form. John felt like he could write poetry about his beauty, compose songs about it, like he was ethereal enough to be the muse of a painting. Sherlock was shirtless, which meant that the now faint marks on his shoulders and his back were noticeable. He had been shy about them, the first time, but John was happy he felt free enough not to cover up.
"This way it's easier, so that when the rest of the rubbish is taken out it doesn't stab anyone and so that it can still be carried and tossed out," Sherlock explained.
John clapped eyes on Sherlock’s squatting form, gloved hands shuffling through things he had clearly fished out of the bin in front of him if the stains on his clothes were anything to go by. Nothing in his demeanour showed that he had received an earful from the DI.
Sherlock, impossibly enough, blushed even further at hearing the possessive tone in John’s voice. Bending down to leave a quick peck on John’s pink mouth, Sherlock pushed off the wall that wouldn’t even know what monumental development it had been the framework for!
rambled. John could have said anything in return. Could have made his feelings clear. Could have asked Sherlock anything while expecting the absolute truth in return. Instead, John had fumbled and made a cheeky joke.
Turning to look at Sherlock when he dramatically stood up, John could recognise the signs of an oncoming series of deductions potentially leading them to the killer.
After receiving the address, John bolted out the door with such speed that he didn’t even pay any attention to the kettle that had finished boiling. He’d barely hailed a cab and seated himself, all but yelling the address at the cab driver, when his phone chimed again.
Standing up straight, John took the few steps up to Sherlock, a soft “Right” escaping from between his lips.
It hung heavy across his neck, caring so much for people, and knowing that they could be gone in the next second. But he held steadfast to the belief that caring did not lead to any disadvantages in his life.
Sherlock could yet again not muster enough courage or bring together the air in his lungs to form a response. The manic look in John’s eyes had left Sherlock incapable of stringing together any words in his vocabulary. He dumbly nodded his head, conveying his acquiescence.
John did not deign Sherlock’s words important enough to be provided with any response in return. Placing his hand on Sherlock’s left shoulder John pulled his body hard enough to turn him around abruptly and without any notice. Sherlock struggled for balance on his squatting legs, but that was taken out of the equation soon enough. John bent down, grabbed Sherlock by the lapels of his suit and heaved him bodily to the wall next to the dumpster.
