“Healthy looking,” Steve supplies. “Well, you can ask Bucky, I spent quite a bit of time recovering. He wasn’t there, of course, but he can vouch for it.”
“I don’t want to go,” Steve says, and he hates that he sounds like a petulant child. “Tony doesn’t want me there.”
“You work on commission, right?”
Steve shrugs. “Now, what are you gonna do?” Steve tugs at Tony’s shirt. “Show me you know what you’re doing, my prince.”
“That painting where did it come from?”
Wanda considers him, her arms wrapped tightly around his arm. She leans close and only says, “Be careful, Steve.” Then she releases him and walks back to Vision.
He couldn’t leave. He would be repeating what he’d done to Pepper over and over again. He left her mentally, emotionally, before she finally left him physically. He knew nothing of what this link, this bond to Steve, meant. He wondered at the beauty of the frequencies, the perfection of what a soul bond actually was. He needed to take control of his fear.
“Not without dropping me,” Bucky yells and, grappling, falling, he manages to climb to his feet. He struggles against the momentum and forces pulling on him. Getting to the cockpit he clings to the bulkhead. “You gotta drop me. Steve doesn’t have long. You heard Nat. What he’s doing to Steve.”
“It’s not a problem,” Tony curses. “I have it under control, you know.”
Tony grasps his hand and brings it to his lips. “Steve, what happened to us? I am so sorry I let it get this far, that I let my -.” He stops, visibly winces before he continues, “I let my damned biology get in the way. Don’t leave me now.”
“To a dead man over 70 years ago. You mean you never ever-.”
A mysterious light of the slightest tinge of peach suffuses the sanctuary. He can see Tony well enough and also detects his frustration.
“The deal? The deal? That guy was fucking raping you, if you didn’t know that little fact.”
He sits back down on the blanket, relaxing as Tony stops prying. Hanging his head and bending his knees, Steve curls in on himself as he mutters. “Not much to tell.”
But he can’t.
“We’re going to make it through this,” Steve whispered and then bent in to kiss Tony.  The kiss electrified, tingling through his lips and sending pulses to awaken his nerve fibers and bring alive his senses.
“No.” Steve runs a hand through his hair and then inwardly curses. He spent too much time primping to just ruin it all now. “JARVIS, do you know why the Strike Team is on board? I thought the prince had his own security. Earlier the duchess protested.” Happy seems like a fine chap to Steve.
“I might have a few anxiety attacks; I might have a few sleepless nights. It’s there and I will deal with it, but I don’t want it to ruin my time with you. And it has nothing to do with the fact the Widow’s Brothel has a contract with you. I want this time to be memorable and I want it to be memorable for the right reasons.” He touches his forehead to Tony’s. “Can’t we just relax for a bit and forget it happened?”
Tony glances back at him.
“Damn he was going by Stone for a while. Must have changed it when his father died, but then now he has no shame I suppose. Shit, man, sorry. Stark’s getting married? That’s rough.” Clint shakes his head and tsks a few times.
“Oh, I don’t want to wake him.”
“Yeah, yeah.” Tony’s expression softens. “You know he’s gruff and hard now, but back in the day when I was only a little kid maybe 7 or 8 standard years and Howard started to drink – it was Obie who taught me the basics of thermodynamics when I nearly blew myself up making a simple combustion engine.” He chuckles. “Then he brought me to my first space race. Never saw anything like it. He even gave me the sex talk. Hated that I preferred guys over gals, but he still tried. Told me I should focus on the gals for the preservation of the line. Even in this day and age. He’s positively medieval sometimes.” Even though the subject matter had negative connotations, Tony’s demeanor and tone remains positive. “He’s a good man. A little gruff nowadays, but the stress of having to deal with me all these years can’t be easy.”
Memories recalled. A beautiful woman with eyes of promise begging and pleading.
“Oh, fine, I’ll see what I can dig up,” Pepper says. “Will that be all Mister Stark?”
The woman only nods.
“That’s precious,” Stark says as Jarvis brings in the meal. There’s biscuits and plates of bacon, a large dish of scrambled eggs, and fried potatoes. “Not much fruit around here, did you notice that Sheriff? I like blueberries. We have to get some bushes planted, Jarvis.”
The pacing stops.
Tony drops his spoon. “They hurt him?”
The frustration and the anger ravages through Bucky's common sense and he brings his blaster out and shoots the chains. Steve screams a muffled sound and starts to cry. But the tears smear along the metal caps over his eyes. He can't see anything.
“Nope, this calls for the big guns. I know big guns, way more than you do. I need to talk to Reed before I talk to Steve. Get all the background done, you know, my due diligence. All that good stuff.” Grilling Bruce further would yield little results – that much is clear to Tony. He itches to get Richards on the phone and starts to turn away from Bruce to call on JARVIS to do just that, but his AI interrupts him.
Now, Steve let Natasha’s words wash over him as he thought about the possibilities, the potential. Could he? Would he dare? Steve glanced up at Natasha. “That was a little poetic.”
“Or Clint, his deputy,” Bucky continues. The dark expression his friend offers him is only emphasized by the shift of shadows and sunlight in the cramped room.
“You’ve been talking to the kid too much with your pop culture references. We can’t just download a virus on a killer AI who has control of the entire world right now. Trust me, this is the best way.”
A bright flash of light hits him and he cries out. He hears Frigga from the kitchen area say, “Now you’ve done. I’m a witch not a mystic. Don’t fool with the nature of this place.”
“Great,” Tony says. “Here we go.” Tony slips the glasses on, touches a pressure point on the back of his neck, and then the side of the glass frame. “Holy shit.”
Maybe that night Tony admitted to himself that barriers in souls exist, but those same walls have doors that open, welcoming and loving all the same. The next morning as he awoke, Tony stayed quiet in Steve’s arms, trying to will the day to stop. What they would face still hung over them like an anvil waiting to drop. Strucker presented an enigma, secured in his fortress in a distant country with little consequence to the world. But the work he must have done there, that changed the Maximoff twins, beckoned and warned the rest of the world. Things were not as they seemed, not always.
Tony followed his Submissive’s order as it was and always would be. Dominant and Submissive.
“I’m supposed to be your husband.” Steve looks expectant, even hopeful.
He might be able to get a cup over at Natasha’s saloon, if she’s open. But he should stop in and check on Darcy. He doesn’t though because he heard the place was rolling with parties and rowdy with Stark and his friends having a bit too much fun.  Even Bucky ended up at the party.
“It’s a protein drink, after all. Keep your strength up. Maybe you can bite off Thaddeus’ fingers next time?” Pierce chuckled as Ross scowled at the older man.
The place goes into high alert as Sam fires on the towers. Blasts ring through the air tinging it with the smell of ozone, dirt, and ash. Fire spears out of the tower to Bucky's left and the portcullis opens its wide maw as soldiers in black stream out. These are not the normal storm troopers. From what Bucky recalls of discussions in the scholars room, Red Skull has set up an offshoot of the First Order saying Snook and his followers have bastardized the legacy of Emperor Palpatine and the ways of the dark side. All is not well in the First Order but the strength and power that Skull has managed to accumulate is obvious and dangerous.
Thankfully Obie releases him, takes a step away and spins around. He gestures to the lab space. "What are we doing here? This is old school."
“I apologize for the blunder. It won’t happen again,” Steven says but keeps his focus straight ahead.
“Prison level?” Pepper asked, and Tony shuffled his feet. She didn’t know just how horrible Howard actually was.
He points to the symbol. “What’s that?”
“But that was different,” Tony starts. He picks up a fry but doesn’t eat it. “Tell me I’m not reading this wrong. I don’t have all my senses but to me – to me you’re electric.”
“The boss, you know, he’s trying to do the right thing. But I see what the other factions do, how they depend on him but at the same time use him to their own ends. It’s my job to make sure he’s safe and I’ll do it. Do it until they take me down.” Happy’s vehemence is both honorable and disturbing.
“You have your family.” Clint tapped Steve’s wrist with the bottom of his own water bottle. “You’d do anything to protect it, right?”
“Some Guide you are,” Sam scoffed and wrapped an arm around Thor’s shoulder – though it was a stretch. “Let me explain some things to you.”
Steve only nodded. Natasha took that as her cue. “Steve and I went through training. You will too. We don’t eavesdrop on one another. Like Steve said there are Mantras that help you concentrate.”
“We’ll get it to you,” Rhodes says. “I’ll have your last paycheck sent to the address on file.”
“Okay, but just a tiny bit.” And he’s not joking when he says that. He pulls off a chunk that can only be the size of a golf ball and pops it in his mouth. He chews it slowly, savoring every morsel.
“Yeah, I know it’s not a big deal or anything. But to me it is. You’re important, Tony. Really, really important,” Steve says and then adds, “To me.” He’s floundering – Tony can see it. It’s painful to witness even harder to be part of it. Yet the way Steve tries colors the world light and soft.
“God, I want to-.” Tony did. His mind begged him to be with Steve, it brought life to his body – a body that had died, had been undead, and died again. Now resurrected, he’d become something new and promising. All he needed was that match to fulfill him and show him more – show him life.
“It’s the cold, I suffered too much from it. I’m going into stasis. I can’t handle it; Tony save me!”
As Tony settles on the floor, he clasps his hands together and remarks, “Well it smells amazing. How can you not like the smell of baked bread?”
Steve leans forward, tentatively brushing his lips against Tony’s mouth. It’s an exploration, an invitation but a tenuous one. Tony pursues the kiss with singlemindedness, pushing the envelope beyond the fragile hope into a full and brilliant acceptance. Before Tony knows what is happening, Steve’s guided them up to their feet and then he’s slipping a hand and arm under his legs and lifting him. “I want you, Tony. You’re mine.” There is a low pitched growl to his voice, an almost animalistic look to his features. He is all Steve, but there’s the ever present danger that rings through him, that surrounds him, that protects Tony.
The time in the cage stiffened Steve’s muscles and when Tony finally allowed him to crawl out of the cage, his bones felt all of his ninety plus years but his cock remained erect and dripping between his legs. Tony had been pleased.
“I think you have that a little bit backwards,” Steve said and stopped at the doorway that opened to the garage. He signaled for Tony to get behind him and up against the wall. His breaths came in sharp painful pants. It was his weak body all over again. He pulled down his shield, rotated his shoulders, and then adjusted his grip on the shield. “I want you to stay behind me and the shield. You’ll be most protected that way.”
Natasha narrowed her focus on him as if she drilled into his head. He tried to shut her off, trying not to feel the connection. She dove in twisting along the tendrils tying Tony to the pack. He saw the realization, the subtle way she closed her eyes and steadied herself before she looked at him without emotion again.
“Yeah, I can understand that,” Tony said. He took the nozzle of the faucet and washed out the sink. “I stopped making weapons of war. That was a hard thing to do. I hadn’t ever thought about what it would mean. Never. I just did.”
“No, I want you to stay,” Tony says. He shifts in bed, sitting up a little. Estane’s training be damned. “It doesn’t have to be anything. Just stay.”
“Come on Steve, we have to get you out of here,” Tony says and Steve’s still half delirious with the pain. In the bare minimum lighting, Tony can see why – his wings are charred, and mangled. It’s not going to be easy to lift him and get him out of the narrow passageways and into the air. “I need you to get up and walk, can you do that?”
Phillips considered him, his eyes remote – strategy and consequences filled them. “You think you can help him?”
The armor folds over Tony but he manages to hand Steve a pair of gloves. “Found them in the back.”
“Okay,” Natasha said. “What do you need for us to do?”
“No, tubercul-,” he coughs and then changes his answer. “She got an infectious disease from one of her patients. Couldn’t shake it.”
I am a little behind in revising and I also have to write my Cap-IM RBB, so I might be a little late posting for the upcoming chapters as I try and get more completed on my RBB. All is well though with this story it's over 100k completed. So I do hope you enjoy it!! <3
“Now, let me introduce you to the benefactor of the Maria Stark Foundation, Tony Stark.”
He dreams of touching, and holding, and crying out with pleasure.
Steve smiled. “Just came naturally.”
His gland still aches with echoes of what once was. He rubs at it. It hurts. More than usual. But he ignores it. He should go back out and apologize. He shouldn’t have broken his own rule. He curses.
“It’s okay. I can live without it for a bit. I have to check and make sure it’s functioning correctly. We took a hard hit from that bastard.”
“How do you know?” Tony asked.
She just shivers as a cold whip of wind hits them. He grabs hold of her elbow and steers her toward the round building in the center of the dock. It’s massive in structure and all alone. It serves as the main gate to the world as well as everything the planet has to offer.
“While he was monologuing this time, I went ahead and dove straight into his brains. I figured we might be close enough to the Hub for me to try. I did. I couldn’t do much damage, not without him noticing, but I got there soon enough to stop him from killing you.”
Maybe that’s the reason that Tony doesn’t waste any more time. Or maybe it is his upcoming urgency that’s hitting him with exceptional fervor. All he knows is that he pulls open his trousers and releases his heavy cock with a groan. It takes nothing at all to slide into place, pushing hard into the omega’s entrance. The omega halts his movements, stiffens. But Tony goads him along with a few nasty tugs on his willing erection, supplying a fingernail to the tip of his erection – enough to hurt a willing sub and have him cascade into pleasure. The omega cries out and begins thrusting in earnest which is all the encouragement that Tony needs. He rams up and into the omega, heated and hungry for release. It’s messy and awkward, but the angle is right with the omega tied to the spread bar in a slightly bent position.
Christ.
Tony shakes his head. “Nope this is my invention. Something I figured out in my untamed youthful days. I keep a supply with me at all times.” His tone deepens. “It only makes the experience more pleasurable.”
And so it starts – a long stretch of weeks where Tony visits Steve on days he has ‘off’. They fuck, they watch television. They get take out. Tony tries to ignore the fact that Steve won’t take any money at all from him anymore. He tries to ignore the fact that sometimes a musky smell hangs on Steve. He tries to ignore the fact that there are fingerprints, bruises on Steve’s hips some days. He tries to ignore the fact that Steve’s friends are ill and getting worse as the days go by no matter how many times Steve sells himself and collects more money. He tries to ignore where all the money goes.
Ross yelled, “Don’t you dare shoot him.”
“Well, we were too busy not knowing you existed.”
“But you go to war, you’re in battles.”
“Yes. Tony must have dropped it when he first came by to visit you and the family.” Steve tries to appeal to that side of Ultron that longs to be human, be seen as human.
He moves to the kitchen and Tony tries not to think about how much he misses those big hands on him. That’s one secret that’s not getting out anytime soon even with a promise.
“Because of the rules of the game,” Tony answers as if he wasn’t actually responding to something Steve just thought. “Like I said, Ultron has certain rules in his world and one of them is that injuries cause pain. Even if you want to disbelieve it, you can’t. Not really. Because your brain will override it every time.”
“That’s true.” Tony listens to the ocean as it crashes against the dock, the shore. There isn’t a beach here, just rocks and jetties. “I did hire you to assist, but I don’t need your pop psychology. I didn’t ask for that.”
“I might say some people can be pricks and useless goons like Rumlow, but I have to believe you’re out there risking it all for humanity because we have potential, we have purpose, we have possibilities to be good, to be better. I do what I do to make that possible.”
Steve adjusts his bag that Tony handed over to him. “It’s okay. I have some other options.” Not much, his bag is mostly for survival. It will come in handy in this place.
Considering the spikes and the droplets of blood, Tony thinks about what Steven had said about a victim loving his captor. He isn’t Steven’s captor. That’s not how the alpha-omega relationship works. He reaches out and touches the spike only to quickly pull his finger away. There’s a puncture wound, tiny but enough to draw blood. He frowns as he looks at it.
“Just start it,” Steve says and he’s hanging on the side of the table, staring blankly, inwardly. His expression tightens around the pain.
As the doctor calls his name in the background of his consciousness, Steve concentrates on Tony’s face. His eyes are potent and hungry with fear. Tony says, “What’s become of us? That first time, I told myself I wouldn’t bond with you. I want to take those words away. All the time we wasted.”
Hanging over him is a hologram of Bruce in his night shirt and sweats. “Hmm, there’s been another development.”
“Could we get Spector to come out of seclusion?” Marya asks. “He was well liked by a number of betas. Even some omegas liked him.”
“I agree, your highness. I appreciate everything that you and your people have done for us,” Steve replied, the stress tightening his shoulders as he spoke. “If you hadn’t taken us in, I have to admit, I’m not sure I would have healed or what would have happened to us.”
Steve smirks. “You could say that.”
“In the space of a breath you used the old English system twice and you call me a plebeian.” He stacks the dishes on the rack.
"Not unless you think that's the way out.
He follows and the entrance of Tony into his mouth, hot and moist, brings a muffled moan to his lips. It only deepens the response, the pulse of his heart, the absence of breath, the tight coil like a pained pleasure twisting low in his groin. He surges forward, not caring how blatant and needy he must seem to someone like Tony. But Tony responds by wrapping his arm around Steve, hauling him close until Steve’s nearly falling from the chair.
The ship survives but Clint curses and shakes his head. “Come on, you old piece of crap.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Now Bruce stood before him, harried and a shade of grey green cooling his temples.
Looking to the territorial governor’s house for help isn’t the route to go, Steve needs to sit tight and wait for Sam to show up. He calculated it and it should take Sam a few days, as many as four at the outset to travel up from the Southwest and get to Avenge, though the weather might make it difficult. Once he’s here, Steve plans on saddling Shield and getting out of Avenge, taking to the trail. Right now, he has Thor going over clues from Loki’s belonging (what he left behind) to figure out where he might have been headed.
His distracted by her information. “What? The Synthezoids are coming here? They never interact with the Conclave!”
He tells JARVIS to stop the stupid movie as he gazes at the little happy trees in the painting. “And tell Pepper to stop ordering me Hobbit artwork.”
“Tony,” Steve said – his tone more like Captain America than he intended.  He wasn’t going to hesitate. He plunged right to the point. “Are you having dreams about me in a 1940s setting?”
“Thanks.” The directions are perfect.
That was so long ago. This man is ancient. That means he was probably put in stasis for some time. And the stats must be wrong. How could he have lived once the stasis failed? But what fascinates him even more is the link to the past. “And that’s why your Alpha died?” Tony asks because the Viz-nets have never been clear or precise about how the whole Uprising ended. Sure the entertainment industry tied it all up and never left a thread hanging, but the truth of the matter is that the tapestry of the story remains frayed.
Steve digs into the freezer and then dangles a package of half frozen bacon in front of Tony. “I have bacon. I could make club sandwiches.”
“Hey! You listened. And yeah, something like that, but maybe a little more spooky.”
“No, actually I cornered her, and I was about to take the shot, to kill her. She was weak, it was the middle of the day. Then I asked her a question,” Clint said.
Steve rolled his eyes. “The brand thing?” He tugged up the cuff of his shirt for Tony to see the wrist markings and the new marking that symbolized Bruce. Why the hell the universe decided to link him to Bruce – and first – seemed so out of line and character that Steve really didn’t trust this whole magical, dimensional or whatever soul pack thing at all. “I’m all for it.” Why not? The universe decided to play with him in some kind of screwy way.  Again.
Steve keeps working in the kitchen as Tony checks his phone again for an updated forecast. He reads through it, watches the radar a couple dozen times. “It’s official, the front is stalled out. They think it’s going to be like this for another day. Plus, there’s another front on it’s tail.”
Steve frowned. “Stuff like what?”
They’re slowly drifting to the bed and the fire in Steve’s chest destroys his ability to breathe. He’s not fighting, he’s allowing, he’s closing his eyes and falling onto the soft bedding, feeling the weight of Tony on top of him.
He glances at Bucky and then Sam, hoping to get some clue as to why it’s taking so long. Bruce had said it would take less than 10 seconds. Steve would be back. He’s not. The time platform is barren. The truth scoops out what’s left of Tony’s heart. He stumbles to the side of the platform, his arm aches. His face is raw and numb. Asking the obvious question isn’t worth it. He knows. Steve escaped the truth. Steve left him here to wonder and to hope. Steve left him with the remains of his reckoning, his epiphany that he loved someone from a far for too long. Time steals chances.
Steve nods. Mainly because he doesn’t know what else to do. Why is Jarvis telling him this? He’s a stranger in the house and he’s just started the job not more than 4 hours ago. “Okay?”
“Well, that’s not good,” Steve says with his hands on his hips. There’s nothing to be done about it now. It might not repeat itself.
The helicopter thumped and bumped as it hit air pockets. Steve gripped the console. “You can control this thing, right?”
“Really?” She studies Steven with a long look as if she’s drinking him in, testing the taste, and swallowing him down. “From what I heard he was set for termination on Nod.”
“Do you want me to light a fire?”
“Buck.”
“You left. You didn’t even visit me in the hospital. I didn’t think you wanted to see me.” Steve stood gripping the table edge, holding himself in place and waiting for Tony’s next attack. “I didn’t have a choice. It just happened. I swear it,” Steve said. “I swear it Tony. I didn’t want to hurt you. I never wanted to hurt you. I came with all of the evidence, everything so you would understand.” His soul stood apart, giving Tony space and room to decide, to weigh his intentions.
“Sir?”
As Tony glides his fingers up across his neck, he feels the vulnerable jugular beating against his fingertips, a rhythm hard and fast. “Don’t be nervous.” He touches the strong jaw, the form like an ancient Greek warrior.
He jumps into his Audi and shifts into gear. Leaving the butt ugly motel behind, he streaks onto the road as the tires squeal against the pavement. He watches the traffic while scanning for the right street. He finds it, off the beaten track. It’s one of those small alley ways that looks like it’s impossible to fit a car through, but he rams the Audi down the narrow path. His heart feels like the beating slowly brings it further up in his chest into his throat to choke him. He opens up his hands, and then closes them on the steering wheel. Once he gets through the small alley way, the street opens up.
When he opened his eyes, Tony saw that the agents had removed his body from the cross. Instead of stabbing him with a wooden stake, they’d only removed the iron nails. His body fell forward, a dead thing that somehow still moved. It started to crawl toward Tony and he felt a lurch in his stomach at the horror of it. The agents ignored Tony’s body’s faulty motions and grabbed it.
“It isn’t. I can feel it. It’s all over you,” Bucky said and squeezed his eyes closed. He fisted his hands. The struggle he underwent pounded out of him. He tried to control it. “God, Steve.” His eyes flashed open. “You know what they called that back then? You know that it was illegal? That you’re a damned-.” He stopped and choked on the words.
Tony doesn’t want to do it, but the omega forces his hand. He has no other choice, not with an audience. He has to go through with his threat otherwise nothing he says will be taken seriously by Steven. With a quick signal, Tony directs Jamison to come to his side as well as his Security Administrator. “You will see that even though you are considered my Master of Security, the Captain of my forces, you must submit to my will.” Tony inhales once before he makes his final judgment. “Take him and cane him. I think five will do. Use the collar to subdue him. After, have him dressed and ready for the meeting in thirty minutes. I don’t care if he’s falling down on his face.”
Everything about the place screams primitive. The walls are stone blocks, the drainage for the leaking water as it drips down the walls is a mote dug out of the dirt floor, running toward the farthest wall. He finally turns the corner as Redwing flaps around him. He sees the blocks of cells – one metal door after another. The prison bars are set high up in each of the doors – though the doors are huge – much taller than the average human. Any average prisoner would never be able to see out of the barred opening. He doesn’t know which one might hold Steve.
Clint sniffed and crossed his arms over his chest. “I do.” He raised his shoulders. “I have a farm. I think about the future. I can’t do this forever, you know.”
Once they’d gone to the museum and Tony reached out to touch a painting and the big guard lumbered to his side and with a booming voice scolded him. Jarvis repeatedly apologized. It wasn’t that Tony hated the museum; he hated the thought of getting Jarvis in trouble. What if Daddy found out? What would Daddy do to Jarvis if he knew of Tony’s transgression?
“This way gentlemen,” Ross says as he opens a door.
He speaks lowly, not wanting to disturb their perfect peace. “Is it bad that I want to keep you? That I never want to let you go?” He runs a hand through Blu’s mane. Not confessing how very safe he feels, an elusive emotion that Tony’s been chasing all his life. Maybe the weapons, the armor are all manifestations of his pursuit. All he really needed to do was to find Blu.
Steve should say no, but Stark holds the doctor and his blacksmith shop as a dangling carrot for the taking. Both the doctor and the blacksmith are needed if the town is going to stand a chance against Schmidt and his Red Skull gang.  He concedes, he has no other choice.
Tony clasps his hand over the metal disc. “I put it there, well, technically Bruce implanted it after I invented it.”
Nat walked around the corner and smiled at him. Her eyes were tired, but something else glowed about her that Steve couldn’t pin down. Then he recalled that fuzziness about her spectral cloud that Tony had once showed him. Through the astral energies they shared, something had clicked into place – she became defined, whole. “What?”
The thought of the blood pledge, the barbaric ritual, rankles him. Even though Tony defers to the logic of biology, he doesn’t believe in some of the practices of society. Tony grimaces at the man and Pep interjects because she knows the hint of frustration and anger heating his expression. “That is not your business. Officer?”
Without pause Steve gets the mugs for the coffee and fishes out the creamer from the refrigerator. They work in unison much like they do during battles. Without words, without signals, they are in sync. It hits to the heart of matters. In his bones he appreciates it, the knowledge. They go together. Lock and key.
“Steve?” Tony stops prepping the drink. “Sir? You called me sir. What’s this all about?”
Steve finds his bag and peels off the old patches, applies new ones, finishes drying, dresses in a simple tunic and drawstring pants, and then styles his hair. He needs to put on makeup but at that moment, Tony choses to knock on the door.
“Well, we’re all sitting out here waiting on the final word. Can’t tell you much about the current situation, classified and all that. Can tell you I miss being home, and I miss you. Don’t fuck up your new assignment on Prime. Can’t wait to tell everyone I know a Residential Artist now. Take care and stay safe you bozo!”
She nodded and gathered up her lunch. She tossed it in the garbage pail and then raced back to the building, never looking back at them. Obie had turned to Tony. “Marissa is failing out of the program. Don’t let her upset you. She can’t do the work.”
Tears blinded him. “I’m not even his mate anymore. He doesn’t need my blood. He needs nothing from me.”
“Potions,” Clint says. “Like snake oil.”
“Errand? What? Are you going to see someone else? I signed an exclusive-.” Tony’s eyes are wild with fear.
“Pu-punished?” Pep says. The shock on her face is almost matched by the horror when he adds that he’s being caned. “Caned? You’re having him caned? What did he do? Try and kill you? Betray you with another alpha? What the hell did he do?”
“Yeah, the letter,” Tony mutters and then grips the side rail. “Listen, I’m going to let you rest now. I know we have a shit ton to go over and figure out. I think the nurse is probably right that you need some time to recover from some pretty major surgery. So-.” He pauses and points behind him. “I’m gonna go. I’ll be back in a bit. Want to clean up. Been sitting around in these clothes for over a day.”
“What do you know about his state of mind?” Steve asked. It wasn’t Clint who answered but Thor.
She twisted around and placed the bowl behind on the table behind her. “I’m not betraying his confidence in me. He’s one of the few people that ever trusted me.”
“No, no!” Steve said and grabbed for Tony. “I mean.” He stopped and looked up, trying to control the flow of emotions. Never had he ever had such difficulties. A shield. Yes, a shield had been his weapon of choice, and it had been his defense. Both physically and metaphorically. As a child he built walls around his heart and his soul. Brick by brick he constructed the walls so that he was strong and sturdy, and no one could harm him. Not even the bullies that beat him in back alleys. Nothing broke his stoicism, his steady heart.
“I thought you weren’t allow out,” Tony says. He’s both relieved to see her and slightly pissed as well. He cannot parse his feelings.
“Very good, very good.” She looks up from the tablet she taps on. “Can I verify that you are not bonded?”
Tony noticed how Natasha neither confirmed nor denied that Steve was in town. Instead she asked, “Is Bruce around?”
“I’m sorry to put you out, I mean, Tony, you have a life. What must everyone think?”
His riding beast hisses and growls at him, but the Silver Knight hunches low over its curved, scaly neck, pushing it on as the demons shoot their fire arrows. Their aim lands true and one scorches the Silver Knight’s neck but fails to pierce it. He slaps a gloved hand on his skin making sure it’s not set aflame. The burn stings but at least it’s not punctured. He steadies his hand on his beast and uses the riding crop liberally. The beast’s eyes rear back at him, red and angry. It’s the only way to get it to leap over the emptiness of the crevasse. The rage feeds its darkened soul.
“Door ma who?” Clint piped in.
Steve sits back up in bed, never one to want others to know his weaknesses. “I’m not even sure what I’m supposed to be recovering from, so -.” He lifts a shoulder in a shrug. “I guess?”
Tony drank in what Bruce said. Evaluate it, assess it, measure it, figure it out. He had been made to do that. His life defined him as a scientist, an engineer, an inventor, a futurist. This was the future, being part of a soul pack. It was one of the reasons that finding acceptance into the Avengers’ soul pack had been so important to him. Not only as part of the team, but the integral brain of the team, understanding their team functionality. As he spoke the Mantra, he let his eyes close again and discovered the fear dropped away as he sank into the words, the core, the soul.
With some struggle, he tries again to speak. “Nerve?” That’s all he can say. He’s so weak. He’s never felt this weak before, not when he was a sick little boy in Brooklyn. Never.
Fury cut in before Strange could ask, “It seems that Captain Rogers added another person to his pack today. Agent Romanoff will be taking the training as well.” His one eye stayed fixed on them, the glower speaking volumes. “We will be focusing on Rogers and Romanoff right now. We has another member of the pack in New York-.”
“Bucky?” he asks, they already have one of May’s quilts on the cot up in the little room above the jailhouse.
When Tony looked up to the hole in the sky he realized it wasn’t an invasion after all. The hole there- the pitch black with no stars – it represented Tony. Dug out. His chest felt dug out, clawed away. Nothing left.
There’s a pause as if he’s actually having a real conversation that Tony isn’t privy to the other speaker.
Steve cleans up and rinses his mouth. “Thank you. I didn’t know you came back.”
“Ultron knows everything I know because he had access to JARVIS before we knew he was an evil doom AI. Well, I had dossiers, files of information on all the team members. I kept accumulating it.”
Tony turns around, not willing to face the truth, not willing to look Pepper in the eye. “I know what I said, I know. But I also know what I know, okay? He’s not dead. I have to get to him and, if the army and those military asshats won’t go and save one of their own, I’m going to.”
Bowing his head, Steve said, “Thanks, Sam. I won’t forget it.”
It’s not there.
Tony could do better alone. He didn’t need the Avengers, and he sure as hell didn’t need a soul pack. Why did the drive home feel like every fucking P.E. class he took in grade school where no one fucking picked him for dodgeball or baseball or basketball? He was always last and no one ever cared about his ability to play. Oh, and they loved him in dodgeball. His own fucking team threw the ball at him to get him out immediately and bench him.
Tony hung his head.
“Together?”
While the world designated Steve as a master tactician, communication eluded him sometimes. “Well, just kind of think about how you need me.”
He didn’t look at her. Steve was gone; the elevator had closed but he felt the strings of his soul vibrate with a new yearning.
His mind sees Tony only in a best light. He’s biased. He admits it. What else would he expect considering he loves Tony – the admission stuns him. He loses his grasp of the chains and slides down, the rough metal raking over his palms. His feet struggle for purchase. He grabs the chains and grounds out a scream to hold onto the slimy surface of the links. The chain swings dangerously and he bashes his shoulder against the wall. He tells himself there’s no real physical damage. Not here in this rim, not in any of the others. But maybe there’s a deeper damage – one seeded from realization of a love he can never have.
“What do you want to say?” She eyed him as he sat down, as his shoulders slumped, as all the pain drained through him and left him open and aching.
“Time to call Richards again. We need to isolate Steve.”
“He’s nervous about it. Like he’s hiding something,” Tony said. Clint’s astral projection always felt blurry to Tony as if he looked at it through thick fog. “Amazing, he can hide it so well.”
The door pops open and Tony steams in. “I got it, Steve. I actually got it. The code’s done. I just need you to review it with me. I think the upgrade is perfect!”
Sam walked to the back of the restaurant and then faded from view. The rest of the pack watched him and then as if a silent agreement had been struck, followed him until only Steve and Tony were left.
“Tony would like some breakfast. Eggs, bacon. And I promised him some of my hot chocolate.” Steve joins Wanda on the working side of the island.
“Loaded because it depends on your idea of America, doesn’t it?” Steve says. “Before the war there were two sides to the idea of America. One side enslaved a whole people, the other side wanted to abolish this cruelty. Both sides thought they were American. It was a split between two ideas.
“This sounds like a lot of hogwash,” Tony said and ruffled his hands through his hair. “Is anyone else really listening to this crap?”
Submissives had key words, trigger words. Tony knew well enough to explore and find the words as soon as Steve became his Submissive. They needed to know the words in order to avoid them during hot situations and battles. Captain America led the Avengers and Submissive or not he needed to take control of the team, lay out strategy, and be a respected leader. Sure, it was a dichotomy, but also reality. They needed work arounds and they needed to ensure that Steve’s status never prevented his duty to the team.  Luckily, it happened to be only the Submissive’s Dominant who could trigger the action with special words or motions.
“Kind of – it’s really a Fury safe house.” They stepped out into the clearing and Steve noticed the rundown appearance of the cabin. It actually looked as if part of the roof caved in. The rain grew more intense as they walked out of the forest. “It’s more than you think. Come on.”
“You always dream too big, Stevie.” That what Bucky would say, and now Steve was dreaming about Tony, thinking about his hands on his face, his knee touching Tony’s leg. God, it was like a Victorian romance novel. All those subtle touches and none of the get down to business doing the nasty. Bucky and Sam would be amused. And thus, is the reason he hasn’t shared as much with them.
And then they both fall over into a heap on the floor.
“Yeah, sorry I took so long. Thought I would get back sooner.” He thumbs behind him at the rubble of the compound. “Thought I could help out. Seems it’s a bit harder to get across the galaxy than I thought it would be.”
“Cripes, Bruce don’t tell me you’d actually consider it? You would consider having them defang you?” Tony clenched the steering wheel. The last few years had been good to Tony especially because Steve had been in them. He understood the anxiety, the sheer terror that Bruce must feel on an everyday basis. Tony went through it in the earliest years when he raced across the city, the county, the country, running away from the need to hunt and trying to find an alternative.
“Your adopted son stupidly took it from the vault on Asgard before it met its demise.”
“No, from my research it seems as if the living person will eventually heal.” JARVIS stopped, allowed the information to sink in and then added, “The astral projection is an intricate pattern. How the pattern grows and forms determines the strength and well-being of the soul pack.”
“What did he say? What did he say about Bucky?”
Steve kissed his cheek and released his hand. He grabbed his shirts. “You’re going to be the death of me.”
Tony grumbles. He’s damned if he does and damned if he doesn’t. Though to be sure, the way he’s feeling lately, he wouldn’t be surprised if he turned around and beat the omega to death. He feels of two minds when it comes to his omega. He needs to decide if he’s  going to try and smother the feelings brewing inside or is he going to allow them to blossom. What would be the harm?  His mentor, Estane, would not be pleased with his thoughts. Estane always preached that omegas must be kept in their place; it was simple biology. Tony believes it. He’s reviewed the research – omegas are different. But then Steven had said things that make Tony question even the basic tenets of their biology.
Tony bolts upright. “A recording? What? Play it again.” He fights the sleeping bag to free himself and stumbles over to the controls.
Steve followed with his hands raised. He met Rumlow’s stare head on. “Don’t hurt him.”
Steve lifted Tony’s head gently from his shoulder, cupping his jaw. “I’m never leaving you. That’s not what this is.”
“I’ve been trying to block it,” Steve retorted and the doctors nodded like they all had puppet strings on their heads.  Steve continued, “It had to have worked. He didn’t hulk out, did he?”
“He obviously doesn’t expect us to be here long. There’s no way out of the cabin without help and there’s no food except for the coffee and a bag of rice I found that might have worms in it.” Steve indicated the stash below the table.  “Wong told me that when Strange was learning the arts of magic, the Ancient One, his teacher, stranded him on a mountain top in winter until he figured it out. He would have frozen to death if he didn’t. So maybe we’re supposed to figure it out?”
“I don’t know, Stark was pretty useful during the war, and he’s dead anyway.”
Steve takes him away, undresses both of them.
“A lot of the old world was plagued with falsehoods and exaggerations. You should know better,” Tony says and he tires of the ridiculous conversation. “On your knees, Omega.”
Steve smiles. “Yeah, I like to remember her.”
“Okay, okay, which way?” Tony picks up speed as he pushes through the tight passageway.
“That means we can’t get Steve out of the singularity without releasing them as well,” Tony says. “He’s the singularity, he’s the fulcrum. If we find a way to release him, then the Ornari come here.”
Everything narrowed as Steve hung over his friend. Steve knelt by Bucky’s side, hand cradling his neck as the pain shot through him and he quaked from the seizure. As Steve watched his friend laying in agony, he shook against him. Tears formed in his eyes and he shivered. It grew colder and colder and he held onto Bucky as Tony stumbled to a stop and dropped to his knees beside their Brother.
He cannot help the draw that Tony has over him. He drifts down the street toward Tony’s residence. He knows that Bucky is well taken care of since Bruce promised to watch over him tonight. He only has to rap on the door once and Jarvis opens it and welcomes him in.
“You’ll be happy to know,” Steve said as he delicately worked the material away from the seeping wound. “This is when the soul mark happened.” He didn’t look up at Tony as he worked. Instead, he wet a piece of gauze and dabbed it on the wound. “I might have lied a little when I told Fury.”
“Come on, let’s get you out of those wet clothes.” Steve turns back to Tony realizing the man is in shock, hypothermic, and probably still suffering heart problems. He eases Tony back to the single cot and helps him finish unbuttoning his coat and shirt. He jitters as Steve touches him with cold hands. There’s no different in temperature between them, they are both nearly frost bitten and in jeopardy.
“Sam, you’re not my nurse. I’m good.”
“Cake? You have cake for the Fourth?” Tony furrows his brows and fiddles with the papers on his desk, the documents that Steve has to sign. “Strange tradition. Most people have hot dogs, apple pie, and fireworks on Independence Day.”
Still sitting but with his chair pushed out for escape, Steve glances around the table. Everyone is watching him, but with kind almost forgiving eyes. It’s Tony that Steve worries about the most. His expression borders on curious and reminds Steve of when Tony’s puzzling out a problem in the lab.
He knows nothing about computers or about artificial intelligence. Tony asks for the impossible. Yet, Steve had never been one to back down from a fight, even one he knew he had no business in and no hope of winning. He starts to ask Tony for advice, but the mirror blurs out like the fog of a steaming shower over the surface. Behind him, he hears the door to his room open.
A buzz rings through the room then a disembodied voice states, “Five minutes.”
“What Stark wants, Stark gets?” Steve says. “Listen, Nick, I don’t have a lot of time and I have more to do than I want to explain right now. Just let it ride.”
“Well, it grew it back. Eventually. Took a few months. From what I hear. It’s like one of those salamanders that you cut their tail and it grows back.” He directed them through the lobby, never stopping to point out the curving archway toward the mezzanine. Instead they went to a bank of elevators. “They cut it out because it was bad or something. If you want, sir, you can get all the reports downloaded. They’re all digitalization. We spent the last few years doing that.”
Steve shifts and his wings vibrate behind him. “That’s not it. Please, Tony, let me-.”
A hard push to his shoulder knocked him on his ass and he spun around as he leapt back onto his feet. There he was standing not a meter from him, but not Steve. The portrait of Tony’s discontentment in full technicolor glory. Sullen, dark, and less one arm.
Of course, Tony can’t have that. He won’t allow the guy to just walk out, not when it isn’t his choice. “Wait. Wait. Come sit down. You don’t know how to fight for yourself, do you?”
Steve gazes at him for a long while before he moves across the space and encompasses Tony in his arms. He notches his chin atop Tony’s head and whispers, “I care, too. But you have to know. I want to keep seeing you, but if they find out.”
“Asgardians are ascended to the realm of Valhalla. We call it magic, but you may know it better as work of the infinity stones of the universe. Norns were the first to work the stones and they spread their effects over all that was Asgard.” Her eyes lower. “Which is no more. But nonetheless, Asgardians are both blessed and curse because of this.”
“You’re welcome,” he pauses. “Steve.”
“Come home with us. Stop this nonsense.”
Steve cocked an eyebrow. “That’s why we have Nat around.”
“Yes, boss, and I think I like Captain Rogers.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll take the late train,” Sam said. “I’ll be there tonight. I expect pizza.”
Tony settles on the bed, placing his hand on Steve’s chest. “We’re going to Korea. Cho is optimistic she can help you.”
“Sure, I heard about them, Everyone has. But they are just kids stuff, made up legends and myths. Adults who still claimed it I thought everyone who had them were – just – you know, crazy.” Tony frowned.
“Fine, he’ll die and then what will happen to your little plan?” Steve says and there’s blood mixed with the spittle that comes out of his mouth.
“It is Mister Wilson.”
Steve vaguely recognizes the famous doctors’ names. “Are they stationed there?”
“I don’t-.” Tony stops and his brain stutters over the statement. Only one thing pops into his head and he blurts it out as he yanks his hand away from Steve. “Did you fuck my dad? Christ, you fucked Howard!”
over and over again.
Specific lines in this chapter are lifted right out of Pretty Woman.
“Turn on,” Tony gasps and moans.
Steve sounds relieved now, as if a weight has been lifted from him.
“I destroyed him,” Steve returned and he knew the truth of it.
Once he had imagined her as a catch, then as a lover, and finally as a life mate, but he’d missed his chance when he found out his body guard, sometimes driver, was dating her. He twisted around in the bucket seat of the SUV to see the specially equipment van that Happy drove following behind them. Pepper had insisted they needed the van with its medical equipment and its security tools. You can never be too careful she’d stated.
“Red Skull wasn’t he Hitler’s-.”
Before him a universe of stars linking up like neural networks appeared. It sparkled over them, a canopy of lights. Steve leaned back, gazing at the holographic lights. His lips parted slightly as he whispered wow. “What’s that?” He pointed to a conglomerate of stars.
With a great sigh, Steve shakes his head. “You need to leave. You need to leave and not come back.”
“Sheriff, Sheriff, come and sit. Please, sit.” He ushers them over to the table nearest the window, one Steve normally sits in when he visits.
Tony shakes his head. “Not like this, not like this at all. Sure, I knew you were an Adonis, but this – you even have some green in the blue of your eyes. It’s enchanting. Absolutely, darling.” Tony giggles. He’s giddy with it, heady with the experience. He dashes over to the blinds and curtains, shifting them open, only to find the darkness of the island. “The moon, where’s the moon?”
“What?” Steve said and thought about how he’d worn his uniform to the coven’s rowhouse.
Even Tony, the way she’s saying the word
“JARVIS?”
Tony wants to yell,
“Mer Rogers, if you would voice the issue, I may be able to help.”
“Vision, this is Steve. He’s my Personal Assistant and as such will be given all the privileges and access that I have on the island and in the estate.”
But then, Tony appears – and he’s not alone. A man is on his arm, his features are reminiscent of someone Steve knows, or knew; he’s sure of that. It shocks Steve. He has to fight for control, not to either dash out of the bay or to throttle Tony. The possessive feel raging in him is illogical and he has no right.
His soul burst out like a beacon, a signal for help as his body was lifted out of the train wreck and into the terribly blue and perfect sky. The energy enveloping him paralyzed any movement as he grit his teeth and his arms splayed out. He tried to focus on the young woman, but the crimson light surrounding him closed him off. He tried to bring his arms down and to his sides but she held him.
A hand grabs his ankle, and he seizes the opportunity to slam the edge of the shield into Hulk’s face. The nanobots don’t disappoint. The edge penetrates the bone, cracking it and slices into the eye socket. Steve gags and pulls the shield away. He can’t do this. These are his friends. The image of Hawkeye haunts him again and he nearly loses his focus. An armored hand grabs him and drags him away. The Hulk topples down the jagged slope.
“No, it’s not,” Natasha says and she crosses the small distance between them. Stories high, the bridge feels like the heavens with the clouds touching close to it. “You don’t have to do this alone.”
“I don’t want my goods damaged.”
The whole sequence of events in the apartment across the hall unsettles Tony. He ends up helping Nat with Clint as the man groggily comes out of the episode. They get Clint to bed and while Tony would like to ask about the meds and doctors he decides against it. Steve might be a better avenue. Something happened. Something bad. To all of them. The pieces of the puzzle don't fit, not yet. He needs time to work on it. Since he's only just returned from California he suspects Stane won't be on his ass to get more upgrades to the Jericho. It's in beta tests now out in the Nevada desert. It will take time to get the reports. Tony's whole focus over the next few weeks will be to tease out as much as he can with Steve and his friends.
“Christ, I always thought it was the shield that was so accurate. It’s been you all this time.”
“And it will remain that way because you are mine now. You have been sacrificed to my needs, my desires.” The Red Skull nears him and, with that motion, the darkness surrounding them creeps closer.
While he recovers from his near fatal confrontation with the Ten Rings in Afghanistan, and as he discovers that the metal suit he fashioned in the desert is something that haunts him, he tries to ignore the echoes of Steve in his brain. He hadn’t even known the man for that long, why does it even matter? When he asks Pepper to help him with the arc reactor – replacing it – he can’t stop but talk to her about Steve.
“Hmm?”
Blu muffles a growl and, when Tony glances up at him, rolls his eyes.
“What? With the prince? For fuck’s sake!”
That grin ate away at Tony’s resolve as he watched the hunger steal over the young vampire’s face. It wasn’t even for him. It was for Rhodey. Tony had interrupted the vampire. “He’s not interested. He didn’t even want to go to the Blood Den.”
Tony glowered at him. “Okay, I’ll bite. Why?”
“Please hold on.”
After long minutes, he straightened his shoulders and opened the door to the workshop. If Obie wasn’t going to be there for his father, someone had to take his place. He peeked around the corner to spot his father sitting at the workbench with schematics thrown over the table, nearly dripping off the edge.  Near him to the side was the model city that Tony always wanted to play with, but his father shooed him away all the time.
“He needs a favor,” she corrects. Her hands steeple again.
“I can see – a bit.”
With that he leaves and Steve is left with his water and crackers. He doesn’t eat any of the dry crackers but drinks all of the water. He supposes he should start thinking of strategies. Tony being here only means that the search for Bucky will swing into high gear. Steve needs to focus on that and not the state of his gland or health. Of course, taking the risk of getting the gland out might not have been his best decision. The best thing about it though is that he probably won’t present again for another few months. It buys him time, if anything.
“Shock, heart, now,” Tony mutters and his body trembles in Steve’s grasp.
Thank you - all of you for such a great reception on this story. If you haven't noticed, because of your interest and some of your comments, I have decided to add a few chapters - though I was mostly done with the story. I decided it needed the depth and resolution that the readers would demand! So you get a few more chapters!
The air catches in his throat. He places his gauntleted hand on his chest. “Really? Blu? You’re Blu? You’re my Blu?”
“Tony? Why?” Steve asked and there was an undercurrent, like a growl, from Bucky. Steve eyed him but then didn’t ask any questions about it.
“Well, Tony was right. The uniform was the right way to go for today.”
Tony shivers under him. His eyes dilated wide and dark. “I would lo-. Yeah, yes. Please.”
The next few days the good Captain is barely seen about the communal floor and when he is – his hands have more green and blue staining them. Tony wants to ask what the hell is going on, but he doesn’t because even he Tony Stark gets intimidated by his once and current crush.
Steve leaves it in the box. “It’s beautiful, Tony, but it isn’t mine. We’re not bonded.” His free hand automatically goes to the bandage on his neck. “Not anymore.”
They’ve been together for over a decade. Through the hardest hell when they both found out that Bucky was responsible for Tony’s parents’ deaths to Steve mourning his last day with the shield. They celebrated a real wedding; they took joy in their children’s births. Every moment has been a reminder of who they are, what they are. It sows seeds for the next moment, allowing it to grow.
Art by snowzapped
“Oh.” Steve looks down the floor. “I like-.”
“Very well, Captain, then you’ll end your days trying to get out of an oubliette. He lifts the staff and aims it at Steve.
“You are?” Richards asks.
“Hey!” Tony snaps. “Wait, what does to an extent mean?”
“I don’t think that’s going to happen, Tony.” Strange goes to the counter where there’s a computer set up and he starts to type in his password. “Your latest scan shows considerable inflammation in the area. You’re playing with fire. I can’t ethically do this-.”
“I’ll do what I can,” Rhodey answered and then hung up.
Steve only nods, because he’s frightened that this might be a new dream. As a prisoner he would sometimes imagine rescues, but they always involved the Legion. Never Tony. It makes sense that this is fake. That his fevered mind has finally broken down.
Steve doesn’t know when he became so practical as well as so very desperate in his own abilities. He keeps thinking he’s going to fail at this endeavor. But if he does, he’ll bring Tony down with him and that’s just unacceptable. He doesn’t sleep much the first week. It’s too overpowering, the anxiety that he’s not fit for the job. He needs to study as much as possible, he needs to watch all the videos online. He needs to finish the panels for Jane and Thor otherwise he’ll have nothing to fall back on.
to let you go. I am choosing to let you go. I asked you over a dozen times to get Foster to do Ellen, and you didn’t. You are redundant and a waste of my department’s resources.”
Steve had no idea what was going on or why Bucky was suddenly trying to be so cloak and dagger about the whole thing, but before he could ask, Tony took the phone back and told Steve his address.
“He’s not coming, is he?” Bucky asked, and by the looks of his crew, they were wondering the same thing. “It’ll be difficult enough explaining why my best friend is wearing one of these clown suits, but he’s dead meat down there.”
He could feel Steve’s answering smile. “For you? I can try,” Steve replied quietly. “Tony, do you want to stay in tonight, or go out?”
“Our domestic agriculture is pitiful at best,” Tony had to admit, “but our greatest shortcoming is that we have more highly skilled professionals than we have opportunities. We are already a small nation, to see so many emigrate for no more than job opportunities breaks my heart, but there is little we can do. They are teachers, engineers, and doctors, and they are eager to change the world. In a united kingdom, fewer would feel the need to leave, and they could do a great deal of good in Terrini.”
One day after a fortnight of travel, Tony and Clint woke in the early darkness of night to find that Stephanie had already gotten a fire going and had started their first meal of the day.
Rumlow provided him with a technical guide for the different uses of black market products. Natasha told him about a club that curated a very exclusive clientele every night when two of their four moons aligned.
“As primates, our closest relatives are chimpanzees, then the gorilla. All of us found different ways to deal with sperm competition, which is a male’s race to make sure he produces as many offspring as possible. The gorilla did it by physically becoming strong: they fight for control of a small troop of females. Because their genitalia has nothing to do with their chances of reproduction, they have one of the smallest penis-to-body ratios of any animal on the planet.”
“You look expensive,” Bucky said, with a disapproving look that Steve wholeheartedly approved of.
Jane delivered him to a barbershop while the tailors worked on his order. They passed a small number of women and young, beardless men who sat in the comfortable lounge and drank tea in polite silence. Jane, however, didn’t leave Steve’s side after she had arranged for his appointment. There was no place for her to sit or wait, so she stood near the wall in a corner where she was out of the barber’s way but where she and Steve could still easily talk.
, need it, Steve—”
His hunch paid off spectacularly. Tony had instinctively learned what it meant when the cold Boston night turned warm and humid. His subconscious remembered, and sometimes before Steve even reached his bed, Tony would have tossed his blankets aside and spread his knees in anticipation, his ass turned up to be touched, and his heavy cock leaking against the mattress.
Tony dug in and scraped his blunt nails over Steve’s meaty ass, and between that and the warm, wet suction on his ear, Steve buried himself deep in Tony and came hard. Tony moaned softly in hoarse triumph as he squeezed his thighs around Steve’s body, not letting him pull away as Steve’s hips worked haplessly, fucking Tony through the last throes of his orgasm.
A hush fell over the precinct as the detectives turned as one towards the holding cells to eye the grimy drunk leaning his weight against the bars.
He was going to get so many phone calls from parents tomorrow.
“You don’t like octopus?” Tony asked tactfully as he could, and picked up one of the curled up cooked tentacles with his fork to try. It was chewier maybe than what Steve was used to, but the octopus was fresh and the flavor of the herbs and wine came through without the fishy stink.
Clint all but beamed when he grinned back. “There’s nothing my brother can’t ride. Easily the best of his generation. But, you know, fast forward a couple years, and the idiot sees a manatee on our first trip to Florida,” he added in a slow, accusative drawl, “then, he learns they’re called sea cows…”
Steve’s observant eyes drew wide and his jaw dropped.
“What can I do?” he asked, reaching for a peeler.
Natasha waited on the other side of the door. She held up a case of his favorite beer, signaling a semi-casual visit. “Got some time for an old friend?”
“Enhance your calm, Steve Rogers,” Tony cut in, holding up a hand between them and, as politely as he could, took over Steve’s brewing tirade. “Associate Bob Sitwell, what my ward is crudely attempting to point out, our beloved Governor may be the only person who can answer the questions we have. Respectfully, we only request minutes of his time.”
Tony, however, didn’t have to be at work until 9:30.
“You know what I would really like?” she whispered softly, her voice lowered as if she was imparting a secret. Tony leaned in with interest, though even he would be hard pressed to say whether he was interested in what she was saying, or Stephanie herself. “A cottage near enough to a stream so carrying water home would not take all morning, but not so long that the house would be in danger of rising tides.”
“This week’s your night to cook for movie night,” Sam said to Steve and Thor thoughtfully. “He likes sitting next to you anyway—”
They walked out of the building side by side, making their way to the parking structure at a leisurely pace.
I started over-thinking it—”
Some time passed, and eventually Sharon nudged him with her elbow. “Want me to step out so you can make your choices and pay in peace?”
“Damn. I knew the man was big, but I didn’t think… damn,” Tony said a little breathlessly. “Did you try to bench him?”
“…fair enough,” Tony said after a brief silence. “Can I help?”
“Alright, I’m ready,” he said when he was satisfied his drawing was safe. “Come at me, bro.”
His thoughts got no further before shame washed over him in a cold sweat. Hell, if he’d be honest, he’d rather just take the sheet cake and fork for himself and eat his sorrows away.
“Steve, I swear,” Tony whispered emphatically, “I was laughing at
“Come on, honey, hurry up,” Maria told him, pulling her boots off at the door. “We got five hours before the officiator gets here, and we got work to do.”
“Yes. Chasing a criminal. Imagine that,” Steve observed dryly, and without another word, he stepped away to take his seat. Tony followed him after a momentary hesitation.
puppies.
“Still processing,” Tony murmured, then cautiously reached to smooth his fingers over the curve of Steve’s left pec, tracing its firm but obscured contour over his chest hair.
“I can hear that,” Tony whispered after a brief silence. “Should I let you sleep?”
“Taobe, thank you for telling me. You have only made me happier,” Steve said with a smile that he could barely contain. If he had read Taobe’s story in a letter in the privacy of the palace, he would have cried openly. Cried and then saved it to share a cry with Tony again later. But here, in person, he had to be composed. He had to be a leader.
“How old is he?” Tony wondered when Seamus pushed his little head into Tony’s hand and wriggled in delight.
Tony grinned at the memory, but Steve handed him the puppy at the same time as he tried to answer the question, and let’s just say Fran had better luck climbing to his face than she had with Steve. “A year,” he sputtered, trying to speak through closed lips while prying the insistent little Pomeranian off. It only took a few seconds, but they were emotionally painful for all the little cries and whimpering Fran caused as she scrambled to get all the kisses she could get.
to buy a good truck,” Tony muttered, “second: you said you didn’t want to stand out. A Ford is how you don’t stand out.”
They ended up at the Green Gallows in the McKittrick Hotel, transported somewhere lush and inviting even at the heart of a concrete jungle. They ordered some of everything — the charcuterie and cheese plate, the grilled sweet corn and fried plantains, the moussaka and the steak skewers. Tony went for the sweet honeyed gin and Steve ordered a little something with tequila and grapefruit, though they ended up switching their drinks before they were happy with their choices.
“Listen, I know this place, it’s not far, they do these ribs that’s insane, just falls off the bone—”
The weekend passed in a blur. Steve moved back into the old two-bedroom apartment in Brooklyn that he and his mom moved into after his father left. Everything important in his childhood had happened under that roof. He came out to his mom in his childhood room; she kept him and Bucky company every day at the kitchen table while they did their homework.  He’d walked in through the door with his head held high and gold medals around his neck from state and national competitions, and sat and sobbed against the same door the first time he thought he had a boyfriend, but was told wasn’t a good enough kisser.
In the seconds it had taken Steve to reach the bathroom, Clark had thrown his suit in the laundry, taken a shower, and Steve could hear him in his bedroom looking for something to wear. The plastic CVS bag sat on the bathroom counter, and his dad had opened the new tube of Neosporin for him and left a big band-aid next to it.
Steve lifted Tony and slid the pajamas off his legs, and somehow made it look easy. The bastard even paused to smirk up at Tony as he swept his thumb over hollow of Tony’s ankle, rubbing the joint in his firm grip. Tony hissed in a sudden intake of breath and his hardening cock twitched with interest, and Steve dove to action immediately, happily alternating between licking a wet path and taking big, playful bites of Tony’s inner thighs as he laid down on his belly and nuzzled Tony’s groin.
“One year? One—oh. Okay,” Steve echoed numbly. It wasn’t impossible, was it? With technology being what it was, he could make it work; they could make it work. “Okay, well—that’s, that’s not ideal, but I can manage. I can handle everything from Toronto, with video conferencing, and—”
“Bannaghtyn as failt ort ny balley as cree beaynee Brigid. Noght ny lheeishyn eh ta lhiats. Cur tastey dou myr saillt hene, sheean mie orrym aynjee ennym, as hig ee bannee whilleen as t'ayns shoh kionfenish as dty dhieyn marish yn ven graih as maih beayn.”
But what if Tony was just being polite? “I love you,” he reminded Tony and pushed all his cotton candy at him.
Steve fell back against the wall with the force of Tony’s dead weight thrown into his arms. Tony clung to Steve with powerless limbs wrapped around Steve’s neck, staring back at Steve in wide-eyed surprise. He was so unfamiliar with pain, he had not known pain like this existed. Tony’s wet, stuttering gasp brushed against Steve’s lips.
“Is it just like you always imagined it?” Bucky wondered with morbid curiosity. “Surrounded by housewives and miscellaneous virgins?”
Steve didn’t frown, or look confused. He only hummed quietly in understanding and smiled back at Tony, like he’d been given a new piece of the puzzle in front of him. “Thank you for telling me,” he whispered, then curiously asked, “Anything else you don’t like in the morning?”
Quiet place
that rose with that hope. “What if I can’t make it work? What if it’s the beginning of the end? If I can’t even wake up—”
“I lived in Fiorera for many years without armed escort, Tony. So did my mother.”
The night was spinning out of control, and Steve didn’t even have a hand on the wheel anymore. Before he knew it, he and Tony were marching out of the theater in the giant’s wake.
The accusation came two-fold when she leveled a pointed look at Tony, who only responded by scooting another couple sausages onto his plate.
Tony finished getting the halter on Dummy’s head, and went to dig a hunting rifle out of the chest of blankets on the porch. “Come on, look at him. He’s not as young as Celeste, he’ll run faster without a saddle.”
He scrubbed his hand over his face, cursing under his breath as his fingers came away wet with tears. With a vindictive resentment, Steve wished someone would lock her in a room with a Costco sheet cake and a fork as a personal favor to him.
By the time he got Tony out of his apartment, Steve had his work cut out for him. He suspected a pair of boots would be required reading for those country yokels, and since he couldn’t afford to make a bad impression, he immediately made a call to his personal shopper.
“Love the enthusiasm,” Tony said sincerely once his heart stop racing, then turned to Bruce. “Bruce… can you do this for me? Help me out.”
As expected, Steve was talking on the phone, even pacing in his agitation. Tony put the tray down and turned to leave as quietly as he’d come.
“Not exactly something I’m proud of, Steve,” Tony whispered, “but yeah. Nothing serious, but enough to get a little… extra attention. Do you think it’s relevant to the case?”
“I sure hope not,” Steve replied, walking around to sit down on the armchair not far from where Tony had settled. “You heard what happened to Coulson?”
Tony Stark,” Carol observed when Tony finally wiggled his way down to the mostly empty seat beside her. She watched him look at her and look at her bag sitting on the empty seat, as if she had no idea what he meant.
Steve snickered and couldn’t help but grin, cause damn, Sam. What a jackass move. What a genius. “Pretty sure he’s just saying that cause Bucky can’t handle dairy.”
, Steve,” Tony reminded him, his tone as playful as he was serious. “We made it to fifty days; I think we can make fifty weeks.”
“Well… I can only eat that once,” Steve pointed out, and as a reflex, Tony slapped him through his laughter. But as they passed an unassuming set of mail boxes, he sobered up and cleared his throat.
He divided the ball into fifths, giving one to each of them. All they had to do was roll them into long, 1-2 centimeter thick ropes. It sounded easy, and Bucky even made it look easy, but for the rest of them it was mostly a failure. Natasha tried to do all her dough at first and made an uneven rope, while Tony got a little too carried away in thinking he could work the dough like clay.
“Babe, there are these giant bottles of chocolate body paint left on the shelves. The sales are going to be insane, we have got to capitalize first thing tomorrow morning,” Tony was saying as he wandered into the living room. “Nothing against your charcoal and pencil work, but—”
“You’re a good guy, Steve, sometimes. I enjoy spending time with you,” Tony admitted quietly, almost reluctantly. “But if you can’t tell how your behavior makes me feel, these little ways you have to make me feel second-rate, or somehow inferior to you? Less important than you? Why should I expect better from you when you just don’t get it?”
Steve smirked at Tony’s shameless begging, but he dried the plug off and set it aside. “Later,” he promised, then finally coming around to lift Tony off the counter and help him find his balance again. He wiped Tony’s torso clean with another warm paper towel, and finally his cock before helping Tony into his pants again.
“Tony,” Steve tried, scrambling for something meaningful to say. You couldn’t tell Tony what to do, he’d only get more stubborn. Clint looked worried, and so did their mother, though she seemed better about concealing it with her anger.
They made it back to Steve’s (Sarah’s) apartment without too much time spent ducking into allies to kiss each other breathless, going the wrong way because they were too busy walking without paying attention, or pretending they were respectable people when they inevitably had to take the subway back. Steve unlocked the door and reminded Tony to be quiet since his mom was asleep before letting Tony in ahead of him.
“First, fuck you. Second, at least she’s never been
“Steve, Steve, Steve, please,” Tony whined breathlessly, “
“Ohh, my god! Phil, it’s you,” he cheered happily, intentionally changing his voice to sound more effeminate. “You saved my life last week, Harper had the best time with you!”
“Sure he’s not just doing it while he’s using you?” she pointed out. “You don’t even know who this Steve Rogers is. He could secretly be married to some poor woman raising his children in Sussex, or a fugitive—or, or a tax attorney! And then what will you do?”
Steve froze where he stood and stared back, his face stony. “You can’t what?”
“That’s supposed to help?” Steve heard Carol snap at them, and an indistinguishable amount of time passed with them shouting around him before he felt something large, warm, and heavy drape over his back, and strong arms closing around him.
“Steve! What the hell, man, get out here!” Bucky called out in complaint. “How do you even do this?”
“No!” Tony cried, immediately shying back from the rolls and the spatula dripping with freshly made maple frosting. “Damnit, that looks amazing, Steve, but I can’t.”
“Isn’t that the truth?” Tony sighed, leaning against the length of Steve’s arm then for a more intense cuddle while they walked. “You smell good.”
Tony stood up as if it had been his plan all along, and he came around the desk to kneel and hug the children that rushed up to see him.
“Yeah, but whatevs, man. We’re cool,” Patrick said with a bashful little shrug. “You look like you need it more than I ever did.”
“Your trust in me is deeply appreciated, Captain Steve,” Tony said then, glancing across to Steve in the hopes of catching his eyes. This time, Steve was looking back at him, and for a moment Tony lost himself wondering what the Captain was thinking. He looked sad.
“Would I? Darling, don’t take this the wrong way, but I’d dare you to stop me.”
“That,” Jimmy grinned, referring to their audience, “is how so many of us feel. Like, normally people might shrug off a nomination, but
“Thanks, Stark,” Natasha said and got up from the couch, clearly done with her visit. “You’re always worth the price of imported beer.”
“Antsy, Sparky?” Tony said with a smile, unaware of everything Steve was experiencing. He rubbed Steve’s thigh in encouragement, and pressed a soft kiss to his hip. “Guess I’ll indulge later, darling. Turn over? We’ll do it your way.”
“Bruce compared the samples a dozen times to be sure. So did I,” Tony said, finally handing Steve the file he’d brought. There were long reports with words and tests that Steve had never seen before, but the charts were clear enough: his cells were aging.
Everywhere, of course, except at the palace. There the five days following the summer solstice were the busiest days of the year. Each day was dedicated to recognizing the contributions and leadership of different people around the country, a chance to thank them for their work and listen to their perspectives. The first two days were designed as day-long expos on the sciences and engineering, followed by the arts and literature. Professionals and exceptional students in the field were hosted at the royal palace, and for Steve and Tony it was a humbling experience to meet those whose views of the country were different and often better informed than theirs.
“Join me when you can, mein Schafes,” Steve told him with meaning, and with those words he stepped away from the desk and left Tony to do his work.
Tony chuckled quietly with a shake of his head. They had three plates between them, a little bit of everything and heavy on the fried eggplant and falafel for Tony. They enjoyed the anonymity of people-watching on the beach, and shared their meal with happy (if comfortably scattered and unhurried) conversation.
Steve interrupted him to ask, “How long would you have to stay in the saddle? Thirty seconds?”
“That’s all I care about, Tony. I mean it,” Steve promised when Tony only gave him a dry look in return. “You’ve been working on Dum-E around the clock. I know you’ve been busier than usual, I haven’t seen you in weeks.”
“It may have come up, on occasion,“ Thor replied, giving Tony a dubious look. “How come?”
“Sun’s not up, shhh,” Tony mumbled without any genuine grasp of what the sun was doing, because as far as he was concerned, the sun had no business showing its face while he was still tired, and the petting just felt too good—hell, the soothing rhythm of Steve’s caress was almost enough to lull Tony back to sleep. “Don’ stop...”
Steve smiled back at him, but he said nothing. He bowed his head, and with his eyes closed he pressed a soft kiss over Tony’s sternum, taking that moment to let his lips linger over his heart.
There was a quick knock on the office door before Sharon leaned into the office.
If it was possible to choke on nothing, Steve did it. He stopped dead in his tracks in the middle of the hallway, and through his delighted snickering, Tony patted Steve on the back to help him catch his breath.
“So, if I die tonight—”
“I think I can live with less than sterile floors,” Clint told him with a grin. He carried his mug of coffee around to the stove, and peeked in through the glass. “This all what smells so good?”
“Go to your meeting, do your job,” Steve growled hoarsely against Tony’s neck as Tony shuddered against the bookshelf and mewled his pleasure. “Whatever else you do, think of me.”
His front door blew inward in a shattered chunks of wood. 006 didn’t even flinch as Steve barrelled into Tony’s flat, unloading one full mag after another after her graceful, controlled vault out through Tony’s window.
His childhood best friend - the only friend who’d ever made him feel less like a lonely only child, the friend who’d been at his back through thick and thin - was going through the worst imaginable pain. Steve didn’t know if he was alone, but the thought that his friend was on the verge of losing his family—and for what, for alcohol? Other women? That wasn’t the Bucky Steve remembered. Sure, they’d been kids, but some things didn’t change. Steve was sure in his heart that his childhood friend would never endanger the people he loved in the same violent ways his father had threatened him and his mom.
Tony couldn’t resist opening the pen up and peeking in to marvel at the sleek interior. “Is that a fucking laser?”
“Her name is Natasha?” Steve asked thoughtfully as he pushed off the half-wall he’d been perching on to lead the way to the car. “Yeah, you don’t stand a chance.”
Mr. Perfect laughed, a warm, deep chuckle that left Tony’s side tingling where their bodies pressed together. Until they reached the dining room, of course, and Mr. Perfect helped Tony into a chair and cut him off from the incredible strength, heat, and comfort of his body.
Steve greeted him with a smirk and a kiss on the tip of his nose.
“Requisition? Look,” Tony said with the confidence of a man who was definitely guessing but unbothered by it. “If we waited for you to requisition everything the operatives need, we’d be nowhere fast. Most of what they use was created because we’re all still children trying to shock the pants off each other.”
“At first they were, that’s right,” Steve confirmed. “It appears you have at least one big fan in the NYPD, Mr. Stark. I have to hope that gives us an advantage.”
Tony listened carefully in the hopes of finding the little tell-tale signs of how Steve felt. “Are you sure? You’re not going to scare me away if you, you know. If you do.”
“What’s that?” Tony whispered in response to Steve’s predatory growl. Steve was practically incoherent as he moved closer, biting hickeys down Tony’s neck and needfully pawing at his pert ass, and Tony’s body responded in kind even as he tried to make sense of the sudden change of events. “Oh—oh, fuck, you—damn, was that just from—”
(See the end of the chapter for
“It’s not you,” Clint told Steve when the door had closed behind the parents. “Ever since she found Dummy in the house that one time, she says it every time she leaves.”
“...comforting,” Bruce muttered to himself, shot Tony a look that spoke volumes on the subject of living to fight another day, then very quickly turned tail to join the junior Avengers in the safety of the media room.
“I’m not letting you go to sleep like this, Steve,” Tony decided for both of them. “You’ve got a whole movie riding on you. We’ll watch it together; pull up the video.”
“Do that again, pet,” Steve asked, as if there was a choice. As if Tony could have denied him. Tony squeezed his muscles around the full length of Steve’s cock again, holding it as long as he could. The come filling Tony’s ass seeped out, dribbling around Steve’s cock and down the crack of Tony’s ass.
“Don’t. Don’t argue about the food,” Tony told him, setting the pizzas down on Patrick’s cleared desk. He kept looking around the room in his curiosity while still gravitating towards Steve, until he could weasel his way into Steve’s arms without looking away from all the scattered mementos and clues into Steve’s life that he otherwise rarely witnessed.
“Damn right you are.”
“Mom, what’s Reverend Stanley’s car doing out back?” Tony asked, because between the two of them, he had technically lived a longer life. He hoped Steve would remember him fondly.
It was a small, intimate space, but that meant they didn’t have booths or corners to hide in. Instead, the hostess hid them in plain sight in the corner seat at the window where Tony could sit with his back to the wall and remain unseen by pedestrians and other patrons entering the restaurant.
wished I could eat those, you know. But, ah. I am not on a diet, and I, uh, might actually be half sugar. The way I eat, anyway.”
“Mmm, sounds good… night, Tony,” Steve murmured as his hand dropped to the mattress and his phone was carelessly shoved out of reach under a pillow.
“Think again,” he snarled, squeezing Sitwell’s windpipe deliberately.
Tony gave him a quizzical look, but rather safe than sorry, he leafed through his papers to compare the marriage and prenuptial agreements against her license. He turned around in his seat and Steve immediately leaned in closer to hear.
“Bucky?”
“Who raised you this ugly?” Howard commented with a frown, but Tony was too agitated to fully address the irony of his words.
This was what Steve had asked for, it was what he wanted. Steve sucked in a shallow breath, then went quiet and still. He knew this was the plan; this was exactly what he had asked for. But rational thoughts were irrelevant sometimes. Unbidden, his memories from the past, the fear and anxiety associated with being fucked, used up, and being discarded after, all hit at once. Instinctively, his toes curled, and his legs started to close even with Tony lying between his thighs. Despite the near-desperate need only seconds earlier, his erection started to wane.
“Tony, we’ve talked about this,” Steve reminded him with a smile warm in his voice. “You’re stating an opinion, not a fact. You don’t get to decide or tell me what my opinion is. So,” he finished, “what happened?”
“No, but she made me cry once in my first year,” the woman admitted. Steve took courage in the smile she mustered as she said it; he couldn’t imagine ever smiling about today, but this stranger seemed to have overcome the horror, so maybe it would feel less important to him, too.
“Hey, eight minutes is nothing to frown at,” Tony promised him with a hint of cheerful awe, and Steve laughed at how sincere Tony sounded. “I’m serious!”
“Stop the car!”
“Yeah, I heard that story, too,” Tony told him dryly. “She was lost centuries ago. Even if the story was true—even if a little girl could have survived the wild on her own, she surely died a long time ago.”
Tony opened his mouth to reply, but he wasn’t sure what to say. Instinctively, he felt there was something different about Steve’s tone, but he couldn’t exactly put his finger on it. Either way, Steve made a good point.
“Babe, if you’re going to sleep on my ass,” he drawled, mildly stern, “don’t bite.”
“Your Majesty, I need you to come with me.”
“Oh, dear,” Graham said with wonder in his voice. “Getting cocky, are we?”
“Steve? You there?” he heard Tony ask immediately. “Babe, talk to me. What’s going on?”
In the honeyed limbo between consciousness and sleep, Tony felt his weightless limbs drifting apart. He felt drunk on the memory of Steve all around him - the scent of Steve’s body filling his senses, the familiar touch of his lips teasing an old bruise on Tony’s neck. All Tony needed now was for those memories to to fill more than just his senses. What he wouldn’t give to feel Steve’s weight bearing down on him, anchoring him in this lonely, intangible world. The smell of his skin, the touch of his lips weren’t enough; Tony sobbed with the need to be filled, to be fucked, to be reminded of the man he belonged to in every other way.
He felt his little devil wriggle affectionately against his arm, and Tony lifted his arm to allow her to squeeze in between his body and his arm for pats and lots of praise - but he also couldn’t stop staring at his hero. The man was too distracted by something on the right side of Tony’s face to notice anyway, so Tony indulged, convincing himself that he could blame it on his fall if the man accused him of ogling him when his only crime was being a good samaritan.
Tony gave him an odd look, but whatever he was thinking, he kept to himself. Steve watched him go, and it wasn’t until Tony was out of sight that Steve’s smile dropped from his face and panic took over.
“That is important,” Steve agreed with a serious nod.
“Nothing’s going on, you said it yourself: it’s the diet,” Tony insisted, but Steve only shook his head.
Off-screen, Steve could be self-deprecating, and Tony had seen him genuinely angry, frustrated, or upset plenty of times; this was none of those. On a number of occasions, Tony had even seen Steve toe the line between glum and something worse. Fortunately, this wasn’t that either.
“Can we not be one of them?” Steve dared to ask, but he’d been so quiet - or maybe caught Tony so off-guard - that Tony picked his head up to look at him. “We’ve already made it past fifty hours. Why not see if we can do this for fifty days?”
“You must be Steve.”
to happen?”
“No shaking after fucking,” he mumbled half-heartedly, pushing himself up carefully. It took him a minute to notice the time, too. “What’s—oh,
Thankfully, Steve was patient. Patient enough to gently redirect Tony’s attempts to cuddle in close in his sleep, and carry on with nonsensical conversations while he fiddled with Tony’s cufflinks. Patient enough to unstrap the elegant watch from his wrist so it wouldn’t clock Steve in the nose in the middle of the night. He placed the watch and Tony’s phones on the bedside table where they would be within easy reach for him in the morning, then quickly tossed his own towel over a chair so he could crawl in under the covers with his husband.
“You’re a work of art,” he murmured, laving his tongue across Steve’s right pectoral and sloppily sucked down on his nipple, biting into the firm, ample muscle with a husky groan of pleasure.
Tony didn’t know whether to be touched or a little hurt that Steve had an assistant helping him plan their dates. Either way, it made him feel like dirt. While he spent his time planning ways to make Steve’s life miserable, Steve was actively trying to treat him to memorable dates.
Tony stared at the man in silence for another beat before turning back to his colleagues. “I hate to say it, but up until the public urination, that’s the best plan we’ve got so far.”
“Most fun I’ve had in a cape, ever,” Tony answered with a laugh, and Steve found himself smiling again. As Tony continued talking, Steve rolled under the bedsheets and settled on his pillow to listen. “It’s beautiful here, Steve. I’ve never seen a more beautiful country. Right now we’re filming outside this village where you can see the Carpathian Mountains. I don’t think I’ve ever seen so many shades of green in my life, or water this clear. Every chance we get, we’re out hiking and camping. Some nights we just sit out in the fields and look at the stars. They have an incredibly night sky, none of LA’s smog or light pollution. And if that wasn’t beautiful enough, Steve, we went out last week on a camping trip to see the Bigar Waterfall, it’s. Steve, you don’t understand, pictures don’t do it justice. It’s something out of a fairy tale, you stand there and it’s as if you’re surrounded by this magic, like the earth is reminding you how beautiful it is if we’d just leave it alone. Oh, and the food!” he moaned quietly as he suddenly remembered. “I’m basically eating my weight in cabbage rolls every day. Steve, I never want to leave.”
By the time they had dried off, brushed their teeth, and gotten under the covers, Steve felt like himself again. Curled under Tony’s arm and cradled against his side, Steve closed his eyes and breathed in the clean scent of his skin.
“Alright, Tony. I’ll make cinnamon rolls. Get some pants on, and show me to the kitchen.”
“I figured it out,” he was whispering to Steve. “I made some calls. I know what you’re after.”
“I’m sure that’s what Tony would say if he wasn’t ignoring me right now,” Steve observed casually. Without looking back, Tony mule kicked him under the sheets. Steve grunted under his breath and did his best not to sound too tickled by it.
“You got a screwdriver?” he asked, already poking at an outlet that was screwed in much higher than a regular outlet, presumably to accommodate light fixtures. “Why’s this here when there already is an outlet in the ceiling for the light?”
apartment, and shuffled in to the smell of dinner wafting through from the kitchen and Steve’s absent humming from the living room.
“You look rattled, son. What’s wrong?”
It wasn’t a retraction. It wasn't an apology. It wasn’t a punchline.
Tony was at Steve’s doorstep an hour after work that Friday. They had had many dates out in restaurants and museums and late-night shows, but in the last few weeks, their dates had been less about going out for an event, and more about each other.
“One more day and we’re free. How are you celebrating?” Tony asked while Steve finished off the seared chicken.
“Thank you, Steve. Then, let us take a step back,” Dr. Odinson said calmly, clearing his throat and taking a moment to consult his notes before he spoke again. “What I am hearing from you both have tendencies of keeping people at a distance.”
“Four-hundred and thirteen homes will be available in Southern California by May,” Steve told him from memory, “I couldn’t get a clear answer about the schools up north. They’ve had trouble with the weather.”
“So many rules!” Steve whined in complaint, sitting up effortlessly and nosed at Tony’s jaw playfully. “Do I get to bring you home tonight?”
“Hey city boy,” one of them drawled with a smug smirk. “Welcome to the South.”
Steve watched Tony through his monologue with a tired expression, resigned to just letting him finish. When Tony finally quieted down, Steve shook his head and simply said, “No, Tony. You had no right to out me without my consent.”
earn your license to conceive—”
“Pretty sure we woke your mom, but it was worth it.”
They didn’t get two months.
If he wasn’t careful, Steve would be the next one to pop.
“You told him about Montana, didn’t you?” he mumbled around his mouthful. “That’s—that’s it, isn’t it?”
Unless Stark had convinced himself there was a benevolent twist to the argument. Maybe the father really was an uncaring man who had no interest in his children, and would rather be rid of them instead of suffering a long divorce himself.
“Clint Francis Stark, you better talk better than this when you ask that girl to marry you,” Tony said with a huge grin, and when Clint snapped his gaze up to look at him, Tony laughed and pulled him in for a hug, smiling even when he pressed an adoring kiss his brother’s temple.
a Superbro Caucus problem!”
Fury’s personal secretary calling was enough to interest Steve, and he was waiting across the desk from her again by the time Sharon hung up the phone.
It hadn’t been a month since that otherwise insignificant night when Tony had ventured downtown and met Steve. He was catching up with Rhodey after an Air Force ROTC event celebrating the start of the school year, but somewhere between the event and Tony’s arrival, Rhodey had run into Carol and some of her friends. Carol was in the Air Force ROTC at BU, and even though she was currently dealing with a shoulder injury, she was part of the BU swimming and diving team, too.
“Oh, good question,” Carl said with a grin. “Yes! We aren’t using three-letter initials, so all first and last names count. Are you ready?”
. Laughter danced in his eyes, his coiffed, dark chocolate hair was just on the right side of misbehaving, and,
Steve blinked up at the ceiling where, sure enough, the lamp over Tony’s dining table was plugged into a convenient outlet only inches from the hook. He didn’t know where Tony kept his tools, but it didn’t matter anymore. He walked around the table, picked up a candle stick on the way, and punched out the outlet with a single blow.
It was still dark the next morning when Tony stirred awake. Steve was stretched out in bed beside him, poking at his phone briefly before letting it drop to the floor.
Sharon Carter
“Once it was offered to me, I knew I wanted to try it, but did I think I’d make a career out of acting? Not really. If I hadn’t met the people I met, I would have gone back to school. Acting is rough, it’s lonely. You need a supportive network to make it. I owe my career to Alma, Alma Guerrero, the actress who played my on-screen mother on
“Pardon me?” Steve said, gently touching the man’s shoulder for his attention. The man jumped in his surprise and spun around to see what Steve wanted.
“You’re not playing the game—or, well. You’re playing
“That’s him,” he whispered, jerking his chin in the direction of a blond Adonis who stood around a tall table with his friends, laughing and having a great time. God, even his smile was breath-taking.
stress out,” Tony muttered. “Steve, it’s already late. One night of sleep before the Challenge won’t cut it, come on, you know that. What do you have left to work on?”
“Big pharm,” Tony answered, fiddling with the sleeves of his new outfit. It was a well-structured, ankle-length single piece of clothing that closed in the back. No matter how Tony twisted and turned in it, he couldn’t understand what it was made of, or even how it worked; it felt warm but weightless, yet remarkably cool to the touch, as if it had been woven from intangible fabrics, like clouds and summer rain.
“Glad you made it in okay. You’re a few doors down from me, I’ll show you,” Tony said once the elevator stopped, then he took Steve’s luggage and stepped out first. Steve stalled in the elevator, his processor short circuiting as his eyes locked on target. Those ‘hot rod red’ tights left very little to the imagination, especially from behind.
Minutes passed and they sat together in silence until Steve found his voice again.
“It’s not just a hospitality thing,” he promised. “I’d just be more comfortable with a car. One less reason to inconvenience anyone.”
“Why don’t we start with honey bees…”
“I don’t… Are you surprised?” Tony asked, with his tone and expression caught somewhere between confused and rhetorical. “You’re my hero, Steve. I—uh, I mean,” color rose in his cheeks and up his neck and he cleared his throat, clearly not having meant to admit that quite so casually. “You’re obviously
When they parted, Steve smiled back at him with nothing reasonable to say; he might have mumbled something about how it was a good surprise, but he wasn’t sure, and nothing really mattered in that moment, except that Tony was there, smiling back at him, and they were happy.
Steve blinked wildly at Tony’s unexpected words. The mellowing fog of alcohol started to clear as the gravity of the situation dawned on him.
. Third,” Bucky finished in monotone, “since everything about this case has to go through Agent Hammertoe’s people, they put me through with her. I told her what we needed, and turns out we don’t need the Georgia police after all, we just needed the FBI databank.”
Tony blinked up at Steve at first, blindsided by his question. It took him the space of two heartbeats to understand, but when he did, all he could do was smile. Smile, warm and adoring, to show him Steve how happy he made Tony.
“I’m still here, Tony,” Steve heard himself say. Tony’s gaze snapped back up to Steve with a strictly focused attention to hang on his every word. “We can be friends, I think. I, I just need time. To adjust. This hasn’t been easy.”
In this chapter, I'm going to give you an outline of what would happen (both in 'Present day' and future dates) so you can enjoy the already written finale at the end.
“The first twenty
Arlene blinked her big, watery green eyes at him, and without saying anything, she slanted a look up at Steve.
That didn’t mean the suit didn’t feel good.
Finally, a slick cock sleeve was lowered on his hard cock. It was unusually warm and so very soft, and Tony purred with delight. Between the tight, velvety clutch of the cock sleeve, his sensory deprivation, and the fast, aggressive thrusts of the thick canister, Tony had no chance to hold on. His orgasm rocked through his body like a storm, his hips thrusting wildly to empty himself into the cock sleeve as far as his restraints allowed.
“She would tell you that she is in Wakanda visiting Shuri and that the King’s lifestyle is above the judgement of any subject.”
Sharon nearly choked on the orange juice she was drinking, which was a shame, because the juice was freshly squeezed from oranges imported from southern California. She cleared her throat and poured herself some more.
“Most people just tell me they have hepatitis when they’re honest in a relationship,” Tony mumbled in a daze before he could stop himself. He couldn’t have been more awkward if he talked through a shoe.
“Well, it’s the truth.” Tony took a sip of his own drink like he was gathering his own thoughts, “And as much as I wanted to climb you like a tree right there and defile Mark’s upstanding establishment -- I also saw someone I wanted to get to know. I was supposed to be flying back to Malibu today, but I had my PA rearrange some things because I knew if I didn’t, I’d kick myself for missing this chance.”
Steve got lost in the motions of kissing every inch of Tony’s skin he uncovered, of touching and being touched. He picked Tony up and laid him on the bed, naked and wanting and reaching out to pull Steve on top of him. Their scents were heady together and the familiar hunger lit in his belly. His instincts blurred red with
“I don’t know what you’re talking about. I’m America’s golden boy. Captain of America’s team. Boy next door.” Steve spoke between nips and sucking little marks across Tony’s golden skin like a little trail, each one netting him a gasp or whine or nonverbal stutter of the hips between his hands.
“Maybe after I get back from Tampa.” He hoped Tony could feel his smirk on his ass before he licked over the panties again. He wanted Tony wrecked. Marked and sore and wearing Steve’s jersey.
I'm also on Tumblr at
Photos took forever; there was a seemingly endless list of shots to get while the guests had cocktail hour in the atrium, but finally they were allowed to go socialize while Sam and Bucky made the rounds. Steve escorted Nat to the bar for their own drinks before depositing her with Clint and his wife to go find Tony.
“Perfect, maybe we can set up a time for an appointment to go over what direction you’d like to go? I’m going to push for my alma mater, but we can look at what those dinks at CalTech can offer if you want to break my heart,” Tony said with a wink. “Would you or Peter’s mom like to attend those meetings? I’m pretty flexible.”
“Excellent. You can help Pete set the table.”
“God, no. Jesus, you can’t just say stuff like that with your tongue in my asshole.”
Tony let go of Steve’s hand, leaning over to the coffee table and grabbing a box. He set it in Steve’s lap.
Peter nodded, “I’m sorry, and I’m sorry I knocked the beakers over. I should have moved the bleach to another table.” He looked tired and exhausted and miserable.
"Hello, Steve, this is Hanna."
“I’m so sorry Tony, I thought I was doing  the right thing. What you wanted,” Steve whispered. His grip on Tony’s hands was firm and familiar. Hands that Tony had dreamt about feeling around his own, warm and encompassing. “He told me you were
“Steve! I’m gonna-Steve!” Tony grabbed Steve’s hand on his cock to still it.
The only sound was the drip of the faucet they still haven’t fixed and Steve’s chopping. It stretched and ebbed while Bucky and Nat picked their jaws up off the floor.
“Okay,” Tony agreed. “And yes to the beard, by the way. Grow that out again.” His fingers found the buttons on Steve’s shirt.
A small boy clung to Tony’s side, drawing his attention away from Steve. Sandy brown hair, skinny, and even though he had Tony’s brown eyes-- it was like looking in a discolored photo of himself at that age. The way his nose sloped and his smile crooked up at the corners. Steve felt his own face move into that smile.
“I dunno, they are practically mated already. I don’t think they are in any rush. Also I’m not entirely sure about how Sam fits in with them yet.”
Silence stretched between them for a few moments before Tony spoke again. “Did you know an alpha’s sperm can live up to five days inside an omega?”
“Good to know,” Steve said, before sliding further down Tony’s body. He hooked his fingers in Tony’s pajama bottoms, taking them down enough to let his cock pop free. Steve had missed this too, the deep musky scent of him, his taste, tracing lines across Tony’s hip bones until his nose bumped the base of him. Steve left sloppy kisses up Tony’s shaft, like mouthing the drips from a popsicle on a hot day. His forearm over Tony’s belly held him still as he shuddered and bucked until Steve’s lips and tongue, every swipe and suck, had wrung every obscene noise he could wring out of them both.
“Oh my God,” Steve hid his face in his drink for a moment, “I don’t know how to even respond to that.”
Steve wanted three things in rapid succession: To see Tony, to eat his weight in pancakes, then sleep it off for the rest of the day. He nudged the door to the bedroom open, the room still dark. Jarvis must have some instructions to keep the windows blackened until Tony wakes up. And there, curled up in the pillows and blankets, was his sleeping husband, and he was--
“Buck, what are you--”
“I always wanted something that was mine. That I built. That no one, especially Howard, could take away from me.” Tony looked away then, “I always thought that would be my own tech company. Until I was sitting on Mother’s stiff couch in the parlor, holding my belly in one hand and an ultrasound in the other.”
This was definitely a grown man’s apartment with its classic modern furniture in neutral colors, but there were splashes of Tony everywhere. And of Peter. Toys and books with bright covers--stories about heroes and everyday kids-- shared a table with a tablet and a heap of circuitry and tools. The same posters for Formula One racing cars that used to hang over Tony’s desk at school were now framed and stationed on each side of a large TV; the only art that looked like Tony picked it out in the entire space. Things had changed, but the core of who Tony was was there.
“Wow, I kind of figured I’d be the one giving the ‘Welcome home’ blowjob, but yeah, show me.”
“What do you--Oh! Why? Why would someone knit deer doing...that?”
Steve thought. He looked around and didn’t see his friend anywhere, but off to the side of the racks was a dark haired man who lifted his sunglasses up to give Steve the once-over with a whistle.
Today was making for a perfect anniversary regardless of the circumstances.
“Wow, this is great news, Peter’ll be thrilled,” Tony said. He laid back down and drew little equations on Steve’s chest with his finger. “I'm pretty thrilled myself. Do you think Bucky and Nat will settle down, do the bite and all that stuff?”
“You heard him Dad, it’s not the same,” Steve mimicked with a smile.
They parted to the cheers of the cafe, the baristas all clinging to each other and squealing.
And with that, Tony walked back out of Steve’s life.
He started to move. Tony’s hips met him with each thrust. He could feel his knot starting to swell, the tingle of rut at the base of his spine branching outwards along his nerves like spilled ink. Tony’s cries urged him faster, the need to satisfy his omega, to have him come on his knot was the only thought racing through his brain. The hand not holding himself up was full of Tony’s ass and thigh, spreading him open until his knot caught at the rim of his hole. Tony stifled his cry with the flesh of his palm, back arched and body clutching at Steve.
“Fuck. Ok. That must have been--”
“Fair.” Bucky met his soon-to-be-husband and greeted him with a kiss.
Steve's smile only grew with anticipation. "Let him through for me?"
“What’s just a rumor?”
The lights of the Malibu house flickered to life as Tony walked in. It wasn’t the same as the cliff-side mansion, but rebuilding had given Tony plenty of opportunity to upgrade JARVIS’ wiring and capability to match Avenger’s Tower. He dropped himself off at the reactor plant straight from the plane and worked through most of the night on caffeine and the pull of engineering.
“Hello parents, I’m Mr. Stark, please call me Tony. Sorry for the long wait, but the first rule of robotics is ‘Never let the robot know you’re on a deadline'.” Tony waited for the crowd to finish laughing before continuing, “I’m going to turn the floor over to Harley, president of the Science Club, he can explain the work they’ve been doing for the past several weeks with DUM-e.”
“Good. I need time to recover. Not everyone is a beefy football player, you know. Running downs or whatever it is that you do one the field.”
Steve fucked him through it and toward his own orgasm. Tony writhed on his cock, his body sucking Steve in hot and slick. He came, pushed in as tight as he could go, Tony’s legs locked behind him to keep him flush and knotted as they caught their breath.
He tapped his pen on a fresh blank page, pushing the dirtied ones aside.
“You got a ten million signing bonus last year, I think you can afford a second bucket.”
Bucky had the audacity to snort loud enough that a group of imps that had wandered in all turned in his direction. Imps loved gossip, so Steve brought his voice to a whisper, “I’m not going to embarrass myself by throwing myself at Tony Stark. He went twelve for twelve with the Magic Maxim cover models.”
Steve laughed, but still dutifully answered Tony’s plea, “Don’t you use your teacher voice on me.”
“Thank you Auntie Pep! Are you sure you don’t want to come see Daddy?”
“Yeah, Mr. Stark built these robots. And they are so cool, and they learn, just like us.” Peter rambled. Steve dished him up a plate, and a more moderate ‘man in his mid thirties’ portion for himself. “We got to teach Dum-e how to dance.”
A subtle beep from JARVIS, like a digital clearing of his throat, brought Tony’s head up. “What is it, J?”
“Tony? Is that you?”
Steve couldn’t stop his eyes from traveling Tony’s body, “Shame.”
“He’ll be fine. I’ll have to watch
Sam grabbed the last chair at the table, smoothies forgotten. “Steve, you have some rights as the sire here, and I don’t think Tony, no matter how mad he is at you, would deny you getting to know Peter. He said to call him and you guys could talk.”
“You’re shitting me,” Sam deadpanned.
"I hope that this is a good time?"
“I kept the same number. Just in case you ever… if you remember it, it’s the same.”
Steve chuckled as he wound some noodles around his fork. Each week brought out this new side of Peter, engaged in his passions instead of hiding them, growing into who he wanted to be, and Steve knew he had the famous Mr. Stark to thank.
He was cute from a distance, but heart-stoppingly handsome up close. His big brown eyes twinkled with a little mischief, and he cut a fine figure in his suit. It looked closely tailored, the charcoal gray wool cutting in at his waist and curving over his rear.
“I’m sorry…  ‘Our?’”
disposable cameras?!” Peter asked with wide eyes.
“Let’s go check on Mr. Stark,” Steve said, steering Peter towards the ambulance instead of the car. “You know, if you didn’t want me to bring bean dip, there were easier ways to cancel the party.”
“Oh, I heard about that, such a freak accident.” The man walked over, pushing his sunglasses up into his hair, “Mark here will take good care of you.”
Steve thrust until he was flush against Tony’s pelvis, “Mmhmm, fuck.”
“So I guess now is a good time to mention that I’m moving back to New York.”
Steve didn’t realize he was crying until he felt Tony dab his face with a tissue. The dam burst. The pressure of the past few weeks built to a crest and he let go. The ache of missing so much was like a cold burn cutting through him. Worse than any injury he suffered in the desert, on par with the icy restriction in his lungs growing up. He sobbed, heaving all the air out of his chest and struggling to catch up. He clung to Tony, the box pressed between both of their bellies. Ten years of tears wept onto Tony’s shirt, his smooth coconut and coffee scent easing the iron band constricting Steve’s rib cage.
“Nothing! Nothing important, Mr. Stark,” Steve said. He moved so Bucky could put Tony’s drink on the counter. “Is there anything else we can get for you?”
Steve was either going to melt through the floor or have to buy the suit pants he was wearing if Tony kept looking at him like that.
“Or should we both wear the same one?”
“C’mon Steve, it’s funny.”
“Oh, that’s just a rumor Stevie.”
A soft chuckle escaped as the anxiety in Steve's chest loosened. "Thanks, Happy." As Happy started to walk away, Steve's cell phone went off. He pulled it out of his pocket and turned away from the driver. "This is Steve Stark-Rogers.."
The sight of Tony walking towards him was one Steve revisited countless times over the years, one he prayed to see again, but not this version of him, older and wary, hands tucked in his coat pockets.
? I mean, you weren’t in heat before I left. At least, I don’t remember that?”
of all things would get past the augmentation detection spells.”
and gagging for it. His own cock was painfully hard from waiting, with his own hands being full of Tony’s ass and cock and it just made him throb with each begging whine from Tony’s lips. He got to make him feel good, the power of pleasure in his hands to control the pace.
“Is it midnight berry season already?”
. He blushed, cheeks taking on the color of the cloak still tied around his shoulders, “I mean, you don’t have to. I know you’re busy, please just one fork. I’ll just--”
“Please,” Tony said, fingers gripping tightly to Steve’s shoulders, “I swear to Newton if you don’t pick up the pace, Rogers…”
Tony traced Steve’s face reverently. “More than I could have ever asked for.”
“So, I take it you want me to cancel the hair appointment this morning?”
“Peter...it’s a good name.”
Peter grabbed his backpack, slinging it over one shoulder before enveloping his dad in a hug. “I can take the bus just fine. You need to finish getting ready for your first day too.”
A quick huff of laughter cracked out of Steve before he threw a hand over his own mouth to stifle it. His always perfectly groomed to an inch of his life husband was a mess of salt and pepper curls on the pillow. His usually sharp knife’s edge goatee was lost in a scruffy little beard sprinkled with silver. Everything was so soft. His lashes dark fans on his cheeks and lips parted slightly with his slow, even breathing. It was adorable, and a whole new side of Tony.
The door swung open on a wave of Tony’s scent. It was smooth, and so so bright in Steve’s nostrils. He must spend a lot of time at home for it to be etched so deeply into the hardwood floors. “Steve, come in. Did you have a safe drive up?”
Steve tugged at the blanket, “What’s wrong? I thought you’d be happy to see me home early?”
to have something better to do on a Saturday afternoon than watch two strangers tie the knot.
“Yeah, I think I would have remembered if you had gotten letters about a son while we were stationed. And since you were so convinced he’d moved on and wouldn’t want you after the army spit you out...”
“Thanks, Tony. You too. Look good,” He stepped forward to the counter, giving his order to the barista and rolling a ten spot off that same stupid money clip Tony had gotten him as a graduation present. He’d recognize it anywhere. The red, white and blue shield looked worn, but even from across the room Tony could see the star in the center. Their own little joke about Steve reading so many superhero comics he was becoming one.
Steve wasn’t sure how he got to the school in one piece and without a speeding ticket. The lot was already full of fire trucks and ambulances, he parked near a group of students gathered in the grass. It looked like all the after-school groups were huddled together with teachers doing headcounts as Steve ran past all of them looking for ones he recognized.
"Captain, Sir on calling for you," JARVIS announced to him.
Bucky elbowed Steve in the ribs.
“We all make mistakes. I’m just glad it wasn’t as bad as it could have been.”
“Hey Peter Peanut, come here. There’s someone I want you to meet.”
“How do you know Tony’s last name, Sam? Have you met before?” Steve asked. He’d finished a final check through the suite. Ring was in his pocket, phone was off, and their street clothes and suit bags were boxed up for easy retrieval later tonight.
Tony’s hole fluttered against his lips when he bent forward again. He built up a rhythm. He played Tony’s body like an instrument and the music produced was his guttural song lifted to the vaulted ceilings of the penthouse, nearly a scream as he came. Steve held his boyfriend’s knees to keep them from collapsing under the force of his orgasm, then safely guided him down to the cool tile.
“You know what, Buck.” Steve pointed to the drink Bucky was finishing up first, and then out to the sales floor where they both knew the object of Steve’s affections was browsing. “I don’t know how much longer I can do this without combusting like your cauldron the last time you tried to make fiery fizzwood sticks.”
“You’re right, no perverted snowmen or beer pong references in sight.”
Tony drew back, just enough to speak. “I have a car and driver waiting, if you want to get started?”
They both laughed, Tony’s hand tightened in Steve’s. “What do you say? My weekend grading will need to dry out, so I find myself pretty free.”
“Yeah. I looked at an apartment the last time I was here, and Bucky wants to move closer to his mom. She’s getting older, he wants Nat to get to know her. Sam thinks our coaching program would take off here in the city. Plenty of people like the military workout shtick.”
“Agreed. Can’t have you going out in a lab accident, Mr. Stark,” Steve said. Tony caught his eyes, and smiled again. Tony who was safe and whole and the last of the tension melted away as he reached out and Tony’s hand slid securely into place.
“Are your roommates in a poly relationship and haven’t told you?”
Tony gulped. “Uh-huh. Yup, please Steve--your mouth.”
“Are you busy Saturday?” Bucky blurted out.
“No ice, I know.”
Dinner was excellent, no matter how Tony downplayed his skills. Steve washed up while Tony put a completely tuckered Peter to bed. He was getting too old for stories and all the fuss of bedtime routines, but when Steve poked his head in, he could hear Tony speaking softly, little words of love as Peter’s eyes struggled to stay open until he finally drifted off.
“What was Stark doing in a little shop in Queens?” Sam asked.
“Tony.”
Come hang out on Discord, you can find me hanging out in
“Please, like I’ve said, call me Tony,” he said, plucking his gloves off and giving Steve a wink. “Did my copy of Daily Rituals for The Modern Wizard come in?”
“When is that again?”
right into Tony’s favorite cafe in the city and pretend like the past ten years didn’t happen. The times Tony called Steve’s old number, annoying that poor old woman that inherited the number. The unanswered emails. The years spent watching Steve rise in the architecture scene, even so far as Tony’s own team suggesting him for SI’s new tower.
“Buck.”
Tony stood. He wrapped his arms around Steve’s neck. He pressed his lips against Steve’s, leading him in a languid kiss. He suddenly overflowed with things he wanted to say, hoping they translated in the way he slid his hand through Steve’s hair, or the tender way he cradled his neck.
to flirt…” He turned his head to nod at the vase full of this week's flowers. Steve had picked out bright pink and red roses this time. He wanted to make a bold move now that summer was coming to an end and Peter was going to have homework over the weekends that would make visits harder to plan.
He was getting close if the constant stream of babble stumbling from his mouth was any indication, and it was. Steve pointed his tongue, sloppily opening Tony up and sealing his lips over his rim. He worked Tony faster, hands and tongue working in time with Tony’s hips.
“Mr. Stark. He--he pushed us all out the door.”
“No, he’s right,” Sam interjected. “I mean, it’s why you’re here and not back in NYC. Why you won’t go back to visit Mrs. Barnes. It would be too easy to look him up.”
Tony’s laugh was his favorite song in the soundtrack of the penthouse, a melody he vowed to hear as often and as loud as he could, on repeat for the rest of their lives. Steve walked his fingers up Tony’s side until he could slide them underneath his back, laying his chin on Tony’s stomach. “Let me show you how much I was not ‘just saying that’?” He tipped his head forward to kiss Tony’s exposed stomach, his navel, the muscles tensing and releasing from catching his breath.
“Dad, I did it already,” Peter looked at his dad as he fretted about the kitchen, putting dishes in the sink and opening cabinets like he was looking for the stuff they’d bought for lunches last week. “You haven’t packed me a lunch in two years.”
“He’s Steve’s date.”
“Oh my God, I wish I had recorded his face. I think he went purple when Mother and I got back from the doctor.”
Steve looked up from zipping his suit bag shut, “Who?”
Steve got his feet to work, moving to get between Tony and Bucky, “You don’t have to do this. You can ignore his wedding-induced delusion that a stranger would want to attend.”
“Do you still use an inhaler? Steve.” Tony snapped a few times in his face.
“That wasn’t my fault, converting from imperial to metric is hard. And what you should
Steve had grabbed the empty stool next to the Leeds and watched Peter and the other kids work. From the chatter he could overhear, the robot arm had slipped out of the joint during rehearsal. After a few last adjustments, they all stood back.
Steve laughed and tucked his head into Tony’s neck, breathing in his clean scent. “I will probably be run ragged by Coach and collapse before I can shower, but knock yourself out. We’ll get room service.”
“Give me a break!” Tony cried, more in surprise than in anger. “If that's how you feel, why do you make me feel like I’m an idiot half the time we're together?”
All the way out of his dorm Steve got looks, sarcastic whistles, and one adventurous spirit even shouted ‘call me!’ in his wake, but the minute he got out into the sunshine Steve could feel his whole day turning around. The birds were chirping, all around him students were busy getting wherever they needed to be, just like Steve. His first class with Stromwell didn’t start for fifteen more minutes, which meant Steve would be able to get to his lecture hall early and get a seat in the front row. From there, he would be able to turn around and see the whole first-year cohort’s faces and finally -
“You don’t have to do this,” Tony assured him, even pulling Steve closer by the belt-loops of his jeans to nuzzle at his sternum. “And you really don’t need to get dressed, like, ever. It’s a crime.”
“She’s ready to help save the free world,” Tony said proudly. “I’m taking her for a spin around the course when Penny finishes with her new inflatable scooters. Want in?”
“I see,” Tony murmured, a playful lilt in his voice. “You had the time to call them, but you couldn’t find the time to call me.”
“I was just thinking,” Tony murmured with a warm smile, studying Steve’s hopeful expression fondly. The extent of his relief in realizing Steve felt the same should be alarming, but frankly, he was too happy to care. It only made him feel more brave.
The young man paused and stared. Steve arched his brow and gave him a meaningful look as he tried a sip of his coffee.
He didn’t have to say a word before Steve cleared his throat and said, “Right, we’re pulling over.”
“...fair enough,” Tony conceded, though he still looked a little taken aback when he turned back to Steve. He held up a file Steve didn’t recognize and asked, “Got a minute?”
Now, here he was, powering through all of his assignments and homeworks for the month over one weekend. It wasn’t easy, but every minute he worked was a minute he didn’t wallow in his misery. When he slept, cloying, unrelenting nightmares of a life without love suffocated him. And if there was anything Steve could do, it was devoting himself to a task body, heart, and soul. Whether he was writing a research paper or tearing through a workout, Steve’s tunnel vision was a thing of legend.
“They are planning an educational lecture on your species at hir job,” Steve explained with quiet, careful words, only slightly out of breath as he rolled his hips, fucking Tony with slow and gentle thrusts to drag out the pleasure for his pet. “They have no males for their presentation.”
He shuffled back a fraction, lowered himself until he sat mostly on Tony’s upper thighs, and thrust up. The
Steve was becoming his mother.
Steve groaned and rolled his eyes, covering his face with his hands. “Of course, sure. Why should I be surprised? Our therapist was your friend.”
Doing his best not to move too quickly and jostle Steve awake, Tony swung his leg over and climbed off the bed, covering Steve with the comforter to keep him warm. He undressed quietly then slipped back under the covers to join Steve for an indulgent afternoon nap.
“I don’t have to, detective. I have what you call an eidetic memory. It makes…
of his findings,
Steve Rogers, waxed clean from the neck down, freshly showered, and naked in all his glory in Tony’s bed.
“It’s an intentional understatement, it’s—I mean, I don’t mean that literally.” Steve leaned in so people around them wouldn’t overhear. “You’re, you look stunning, Stark. You’ve taken my breath away.”
“Tony, you don’t understand,” Steve interrupted him in a whisper, and Tony quieted instinctively to hear the quiet words Steve struggled to speak. “When Bucky told me what happened, I…”
Steve set his jaw in his rage, but did as he was told. “You’re not doing yourself any favors, you know,” he told Pierce in a icy whisper, “if you don’t tell me, I can’t help you. And trust me, he will come for you.”
It was time for the dawn of another hero, and Steve was confident that no man was better suited to bear the weight of the franchise than Tony Stark.
Steve sized up the heavy-looking canvas bag with one look. “What, for the whole trip?”
“You know this as well as I do, Graham, we Irish, we can only be mad about one thing at a time,” Colin said with a perfectly sincere expression, and Tony found himself grinning in delighted amusement. “Pots of gold, rainbows, yoga—”
“Did you do this from scratch?” he wondered, peering at the pans full of bread baking at a glacial speed (by Steve’s estimate). “I didn’t know you could fit that many buns in the oven.”
It hurt to see the determination in Steve’s kind, loving eyes and know there was nothing either of them could do.
Tony’s words died on his lips, and he could only stare back at him, floundering, momentarily mute.
“I’ll text you at lunch,” Steve promised, bringing one of Tony’s hands up to kiss the back of his hand. “Have a good night, Tony. I can’t wait to see you tomorrow.”
A blush crept up Tony’s neck and colored his cheeks at such a request, but Tony reminded himself that this was for Steve’s edification. “To call someone by only his first name is a very intimate gesture, Steve Rogers,” Tony said in a whisper, in case someone Tony was not accounting for might overhear. Then, with more care not to alarm Steve, he continued to elaborate on his explanation to be sure Steve understood what he meant. “It is only shared between lovers.
“I’m going to regret this,” Tony could already guess, but he couldn’t have been happier.
“Are you kidding me?” Tony peeped, and gestured a little haplessly at Steve. “Look at him, Captain America, strong as an ox and not saying a word—”
The warrior looked down at Stephanie in confusion, but she did not dawdle over the decision for too long. With a last glance at Clint, Tony, and Stephanie, she decided, “We take them all.”
Except, when he tried, Tony wouldn’t answer his first or his second call. After the third attempt, Steve used an added feature on his phone to forced the call through onto speakerphone.
His expression betrayed a tumble of emotions. Excitement and affection, determination, but also apprehension and doubt. In the short time since their friendship took a romantic turn, they had spent more time apart than together.
Determination and disappointment flickered across Tony’s expression, one after another. There were a great many things he’d rather do than talk about the accident, but it was too important to push aside. Coulson was too important to push aside.
“Born in 1941?”
“You’re not thinking this through. It’s a good idea because you’re informed of it,” Rhodey reminded her. “He wants to do this to Steve as a surprise. Hell, Tony, do you really want to spend your anniversary in your parents’ bed?”
“Maybe he’s into extreme sports and wants people on call? He’s got the money to spare,” Steve reasoned.
“You said real but improvised?” he asked after a long stretch of reflective silence. “Could there be any legal issues there? Someone recognizing themselves and realizing what happened?”
At first he only slid his cock through the cleft of Tony’s ass, and releasing his grip of Tony’s full cheeks, Steve thrust his cock between them, taking the edge off his own need. But Tony, who so desperately wanted to be filled, to be fucked and used and only come on Steve’s long, thick cock, sobbed with need. He was so close to getting what he wanted, and yet Steve denied him what mattered most.
“No way,” Tony whispered, then bounced up on the balls of his feet to shake Steve’s shoulders. “What! Are you getting me a jersey?”
“With all due respect,” Tony spoke up, speaking through gritted teeth despite his polite address. It was only then that Steve realized everyone besides them at the table was dripping in gold jewelry, and what that meant for someone in Tony’s position. “Refrain from asking my ward such insensitive and hurtful questions. His courage and selfless actions saved the life of our most benevolent Governor earlier today, he is not here for your vile amusement.”
Between the two of them, Tony was the one with a broader sense of research and technology in the kingdom. He also enjoyed a lifetime of education that Steve had only caught up with recently in a compressed period of time. So when they walked through the expos and listened to the students, Tony was the one who could make suggestions for improvement and ask technical questions, and knew enough about the science to praise the children for their exceptional work.
“I missed you, too, mom,” Tony replied with a smile, and both he and Steve wished his parents goodnight when Howard and Maria left them to turn in for the night.
She eyed him skeptically, daring him to fess up to his erratic career decisions. Steve shook his head ruefully; looking back, even he recognized some of his choices had been rash and born of stubborn conviction.
Nothing against the fearsome Jason Statham, but perhaps the casting could have been better.
I look like a clown school reject
For five shuddering seconds, Steve watched as Tony’s lizard brain and his moral compass of Southern propriety duked it out across his face.
. “I’ve kept Mr. Right away from you vultures for five years, why should today be any different? He makes me a better man, a happier man, and that’s all you’re getting out of me tonight.”
It was remarkable how quickly Steve’s infatuation was threatening to burst from his chest, how desperately he needed someone to remind him that he hadn’t known Tony a week yet. He didn’t know the man, he only knew his writing. It didn’t make them friends, and it certainly didn’t mean they would grow to be more.
“Yes,” Tony replied before Steve could get a word in; he watched Tony go through the process with a slow, measured sigh.
“Do you want me to sketch out some of Dum-E’s skills?” Steve asked, already reaching for his tablet to get started.
“It does, but only having one is a rookie mistake. You’ll want to plug it in easily when you’re home, but also take it to campus and the library without a hassle.”
“And Channing Tatum, Tony Stark; have you worked with them? Or perhaps you saw
“TELL ME EVERYTHING.”
Tony finally sat up in such a rush that Steve had to pick his head up and look at him.
Steve shook his hand with a smile that was broad, warm, and genuine. “You said the magic words, pal,” Steve promised with a laugh in his voice. “When Tony’s involved, I am always available for a sequel.”
“Fuck you,” Tony glowered, looming over Steve and pressing his fists against his hips for the added intimidation factor. He glared down at him in silence long enough so that Steve might observe just how upset Tony was with this whole situation. Then, in the same tone of anger, Tony muttered, “You hungry or something? I raided Kraft services.”
“You’re disgusting.”
Without looking at his unfinished text, Tony tossed the phone to the far side of the sofa and turned to Steve with a serious expression. “All yours. Tell me.”
“This isn’t happening.”
“Why don’t you come see it for yourself?”
“Nothing against your dad,” Steve said, “but I can’t wait to see what you do with the company.”
He thrust his hips back into Steve’s face to get his attention. “Fuck me if you’re gonna fuck me,” he hissed with an intentional wiggle of his ass. “Six days, Steve, I need it, fuck me—”
Steve needed a moment of silence before he could respond.
As if by magic, Steve and Natasha had acquired a giant pretzel each, and like the curious imps they could be, they were watching the competition begin as if it was the most exciting game in history.
Only a year ago, Steve would’ve coaxed and teased Tony to let go, to come home and fall into bed with him. A year ago, nobody would have worried more about Tony’s sleep and mental health than Steve, just like there was nothing Tony wouldn’t do to protect Steve and his happiness.
The words needed time to find their place, touching on different emotions along the way until Tony could pick through and be honest with himself about how they made him feel. Sarah’s words returned to him about his and Steve’s duties, about whom they should love above all else. Even now Tony knew she was right.
would let twenty five minutes lapse without making a single peep. Not when Tony looked that fucking good.
“Mmmno,” Tony mumbled sleepily, reaching for Steve with a clumsy hand. “No. Only wake with kiss.”
“I said using the two other victims’ profiles on GayArrangement, we’ve got a total of fifty-two shared sugar daddy matches,” Tony said in a tone that made it clear he knew Steve had spaced out in the middle of their discussion. “I sent Barnes and Wilson the evidence of Thorne’s memberships with Seeking and Sudy in the given timeframe,” he added, referring to the first victim whose profile he’d found on GayArrangement. “The system is ready to append, but I think there’s enough overlap in what we already have to draft your profile to match the killer’s preferences. Did you and Romanov get any pictures for the site?”
“Sixty-forty,” Mr. Perfect repeated, grinning now. “She looks like more of a ball-loving dog to me.”
“Damn, you fuckers are fast.”
Tony rolled his eyes and gave Natasha an unimpressed side-eye. Couldn’t she at least wait until his drink arrived?
, which neither of them had ever heard of before in their lives, but now clearly couldn’t live without.
“I understand you mean US Army Sergeant James Buchanan Barnes, sir. His light was extinguished in the Big One of 2021,” Tony replied as gently as he could, as if his tone of voice would make a difference somehow.
Steve leaned over him for just a moment, pressing his chest to Tony’s shoulder and taking a solid grip of his thighs, then lifting Tony effortlessly into the air. Tony yelped at suddenly being airborne, but even as he wriggled in surprise, his position was safe and stable. With his shoulders braced against Steve’s arm, and his full weight held up and spread by Steve’s grip of his thighs, he was held up on display for the strangers around them, with only the shortest edge of his robe maintaining his modesty.
Then, something changed. The corner of the Captain’s lips curled up in a small expression of contentment, and Tony felt his priorities shift into place. Privately, Tony vowed never to disabuse this man of his trust in him.
The first step was to find a potential partner to pursue, and Steve wasn’t dense enough to doubt whom that was. His heart (among other parts of him) desperately desired Tony Stark.
Natasha patiently listened and watched him without saying a word. When Tony had been quiet for a while and it was clear another burst of insecurity wasn’t immediately forthcoming, she turned after the bartender to order two more rounds of drinks.
Steve chuckled at Tony’s momentary pang of parental embarrassment and absolutely took advantage of it by cuddling him for comfort.
I don’t know who you are but i don’t care
A morality box buzzed from the kitchen, but neither of them paid it any mind. Five credits might have paid for a loaf of fresh bread, but Tony was too relieved that Steve was dealing with his emotional blemishes in such a healthy and productive way.
‘Hi Steve, I can only assume you’ve heard the news by now. I swear it wasn’t me, I don’t know who leaked it, but I hope the vultures aren’t giving you a hard time. If Hawley lets you go, call me. I still have some pull in the department, I’ll get you an internship with my firm to be on the case. I’ll only be grateful for your help,’ he added in a gentler tone that lifted Steve’s doubts into a private smile. ‘Or, you know, uh. Call me? When you get the chance. Or come by! Either way. Right—okay, bye.’
Steve hummed thoughtfully at the question. “I’ve been gone for so long, I’m ready to just stay home for a few days. Did Bucky tell you he’s directing for the first time?”
“Intimately,” Tony assured her, and, judging by the sudden laughter from the audience, a good number of them were aware of Tony’s relationship with the embodiment of a legendary American (super)soldier.
Steve paused the video explaining
“Tell me more?” he whispered and pressed an adoring kiss to Tony’s nose.
Steve didn’t have the energy to be outraged or horrified by the suggestion of cheating. He’d been trying to do this homework since he finished his dialogue interpretation assignment for comms, after coming home from his French discussion section. He was so worn down that even cheating sounded reasonable.
There should be a limit to the level of dick a man can handle.
“I would like the mushroom, tofu, and kimchi chalupa supreme combo, and a tall honeydew agua fresca,” Tony said, then he turned to Steve.
