“Yes,” He lies, voice hoarse now from the whisky or the constant bile in his stomach, he can’t tell. “But what you did was just a trick, Sherlock, she put a real bullet in your chest and you died -“
The bells are still ringing so it must be midday. Sherlock’s parents will be preparing to set the table for lunch. They’re going to be a bit late, John thinks, because their son is getting his friend off behind a church full of people, teeth biting the shell of his earlobe and ghosting things there that no one else will ever hear.
“We’d better move, that was slightly longer than nine minutes” Sherlock comments, slipping his gloves back on and taking John’s hand.
Sherlock chuckles low and deep, gripping the edges of the tub as he settles back against John’s chest. It’s not entirely uncomfortable but it certainly isn’t the epitome of relaxation. His knees are bent and the tap doesn’t allow for any adjustments. The other man’s shins sandwich him in a bit too tightly and his clothes immediately stick to his skin. But John’s cock is also pressed against his cotton covered buttocks, slowly coming to attention as Sherlock tries to settle himself between his legs. The cramped space is suddenly a lot more tolerable.
But John’s already cheating, taking Sherlock’s lower lip between his own so delicately it’s barely there at all. Synapses are misfiring, fizzing out of control in the heat of John’s breath in his mouth. He smells dirty and tired, and the earthiness of it is painfully alluring. The thought that he could do anything to John right now and he’d let him, is almost enough to make him break.
John pauses for a second with his back to the man, and nearly cuts a scathing reply. Instead though, he shakes his head in disbelief at the audacity of the comment, and heads to the blue Mercedes waiting for them.
“Quite boring really” Sherlock strains, the back of his throat cracking over the last word.
“Not lost your sense of humour then”
The curve of Sherlock’s lips upturn as the shadows become easier to navigate. It’s unbelievable how ethereal the man looks even without the gift of light, perhaps even more so with the peak of his lips hidden by darkness, waiting to be found.
Sherlock reaches behind John for the towel and wraps it around the man’s shoulders, his own skin prickling with goosebumps, shirt dripping onto the bath mat.
John sighs, knowing the incoming conversation is going to be unnecessarily long.
“You’ve been able to cook, this entire time, and you never said anything?”
John leans down so his daughter can plant the smallest of kisses on Sherlock’s cheek. Maybe she does possess actual magic, the spark from her lips flooding him with a comforting warmth. He closes his eyes briefly and allows the softness of genuine love do what even morphine cannot, stilling his aching mind and splintering heart.
, John thinks, his head screaming as he tries to say something. Anything, to the man slowly dying underneath his hands. There’s no witty line or casual flippant response he can manifest, nothing to dilute the finite nature of their situation. Somehow it’s come to this, the most plain of conclusions, no convoluted game or drawn out finale. Just an accidental capture, an adversary not interested in puzzles and clues, but ending them as quickly and cleanly as possible. A full stop that John never expected to be thrust upon them so soon.
Nothing is wrong, John tells himself. Everything is absolutely sodding perfect as the weight of Sherlock’s feet settle into the soft of his thigh. There’s no reason he’s straining to keep his arm across the back of the sofa instead of resting a hand on Sherlock’s ankle, the ivory curve of it poking out from his trousers.
“Come on” Sherlock says, as if he needs telling.
“Sherlock”
“Let me help”
They both knock them back in quick succession, the sour heat jolting Sherlock’s belly as it fights against his stomach acid. He’s about to complain, when his eyes catch sight of a tall slender figure with bleach blonde hair, an unmistakable snake tattoo peeking out of the collar of his shirt and along the side of his neck.
“John, you –“ Sherlock is cut off by the sharp drag of his own lungs, pure determination forcing the sound from his lips. “There isn’t enough time, to explain”
There’s a low chuckle in his ear, the vibration of it going straight to John’s balls as they tighten and ache for touch. Sherlock’s own pelvis shifts a little behind him and the hardness in his trousers brushes torturously against John’s buttocks. The sensation of cotton against his bare freezing arse makes him push into that hand, goosebumps prickling his flesh.
“Not enough branches” Sherlock says, waving his hand and dismissing John’s latest suggestion.
Twenty minutes in the taxi was enough and he decides to take the rest on foot, to tread the last few streets and ignore the way each step feels like a pattern he’s already walked before. A thin mist softens the edge of everything into white. Across the road a faceless figure sits hunched beneath the shelter of a doorway, in layers of clothing that are not quite dirty enough. John wonders if it’s one of Sherlock’s - if that nameless person has the digits of a mobile number scribbled on his body somewhere, if he has instructions and a wad of tens in his pocket, if he knows the magic trick to bring back the dead.
“A little help!” She laughs, saved by Sherlock who manages to catch an errant parcel from the top of the pile.
He stops several feet away, Sherlock’s back to him, staring out across the Welsh countryside below. Suddenly John wants to turn around and run right the way back down the hill. Any semblance of a plan he was on the cusp of forming has been completely forgotten, stolen by the sight of Sherlock’s cold rouged cheeks, as he turns to face him.
John wipes the steam from the small mirror in Molly’s bathroom. Stares at a face that doesn’t seem to belong to him, is mocking him for his own self-sabotage. He turns away, reaches to the floor for the phone tucked into his trouser pocket.
, John is
Those lips are already parted as John takes them in his own. Just once, a delicate but certain press, pushing through a small gap in the defences they have held up for so long. The fight is finally over and John melts into it, years of holding on tight with shaking hands culminating in Sherlock’s pliant mouth beneath his own, as he dares to place his lips there again. It’s different and not at all unpleasant, the rough of a chin against his own not as unwelcome as he had imagined.
“But not as ridiculous as that coat”
Sherlock’s pissed to the point where he’s sure steam is rising from his suit, as they both return through the door of Baker Street. Thankfully Rosie is with Mrs Hudson downstairs, because he’s about to lose his fucking mind at the man standing in his kitchen. John takes off his jacket and goes to the cupboard, pulls out the first aid kid, knocking glasses and several of Sherlock’s experiments off the counter as he opens it up. No one has spoken and Sherlock is trying to breathe, contain the air in his chest and let it out through his nose before he says something he can’t take back. Instead, he watches the patch of red bleed out across the back of John’s shirt, a tie dye of injuries and rainwater.
, actually, he says -
Vaguely he hears the thud of the remote falling to the carpet, as Sherlock’s fingers card into his hair. Those long digits wrap around the back of his skull like he doesn’t trust the reality of it. And John doesn’t, either, despite the urgency of his mouth against Sherlock’s and his hips shifting upwards at the pull of electricity. He doesn’t know for sure if this is happening, or if he’s being tricked or something terrible is about to rip him apart, if this is just another game, the wedding ring he still can’t take off catching on Sherlock’s shirt buttons –
John’s knees are shaking and his words too, but he manages to let go of the wall to find Sherlock’s face, pulls him down until their foreheads meet and their lungs become one again.
“You’re not” Sherlock shakes his head slightly, looks down because anywhere else is too difficult.
Whispered and so certain from Sherlock’s lips that they punch John in the gut and he can’t breathe for a moment. Actually feels his stomach tighten and his body wash with nausea, head dizzy and spinning where it’s hidden in the crook of a shoulder.
John can’t really form words at the best of times, so he just moans his incitement, doing his best not to push back onto the digit trying to gently ease inside him. Sherlock’s other hand has almost stilled completely, moving intermittently in soft gentle strokes. John’s thankful for it or he might not last much longer, the odd pleasurable burn of being stretched starting to tread the line between pain and gratification.
So, instead he takes his frustration out on the back of his armchair, digging his nails in until they leave tiny half moons in the leather. When John comes back in with the tea, he pretends to be looking at his new phone, the weight of it still not quite right in his hand. The loss of everything he had stored on there is very real, years worth of messages and the few precious photos he had taken. Trivial and sentimental, the old version of himself would say.
“Sadly, not in my repertoire”
A shrug but no denial - he probably does. In fact, yeah, definitely. Now Sherlock mentions it, John can feel the stubble growing at his chin, doesn’t remember running a comb through his hair before leaving and knows he's wearing the same shirt as yesterday.
John understands all of that, he isn’t stupid and never was. He is Sherlock’s, though - so he gets up, too, throws his shirt on, stands no more than an inch away from him as he buttons it up, lets his knuckles brush against the man’s cottoned chest and thinks, achingly, about kissing him again.
There’s no sign of the man. Even the kitchen table is clean, as if it’s not been touched for days. All the slides and other detritus Sherlock usually leaves lying around have been stacked into a storage box. John even checks his bedroom, a terrible part of him almost wanting to find Sherlock lying there about to relapse, rather than not at all.
“Stay close, then” Sherlock says, closing the grate on the fire so it will eventually burn out. “And watch out for Stanley”
Grunting against John’s weight, he picks him up under the arms, carrying him onto the bed and resting his head carefully onto the plush pillows. All there is to do now is wait. Lestrade knows where they are, he and Mycroft are hiding out somewhere not far away, waiting for the go ahead in case they need to raid the club. Eventually they’ll clock on and come to their aid, it’s just a matter of time.
The chuckle from Sherlock’s throat is so deep it reverberates the air between them, and John can almost feel it on his cheek.
Sherlock is making it so simple: with his thigh slipped between John’s own, loose tongue dripping hushed curses and hopeless breaths, fingers now methodical and precise and working open John’s clothing one by one, both bare chests and shivering into each other. The wrinkled taught skin that’s healed not quite so neatly over Sherlock’s bullet hole is alien and ugly, but John puts his thumb to it anyway, cannot link the damage to the once gentle hands of his wife. Instead he measures the precious millimetres to vital organs, counts the major arteries and all the vessels that could have erupted and spilt the blood now running hot and needy in Sherlock’s body, pretends his touch is healing and repairing the vandalism that John somehow feels responsible for.
“You saved my life” Sherlock counters promptly.
In the end, he doesn’t even get chance to open his own car door before there’s static on the ground, and the horizon of a private jet tips back into his line of sight. Everything feels full to the edges, and John’s buzzing with it, his body singing with relief.
And here they are again. Both drifting away slowly into an infinite horizon, unanchored as they have been for more time than either of them has been willing to admit. Tethered only by each other, and the knots they’ve tied in the rope that keeps them connected. A line that is frayed and rotting slightly from being in putrid waters for years – but a line, nonetheless. One Sherlock has always pulled at, time and time again, to remind John that he is still on the other end of it.
“There are many things I can’t do, that I wish I could” Sherlock admits, his quiet words betraying the fact that he’s not talking about the weather anymore.
Sherlock is going to fire her tomorrow. He lights another cigarette, blowing smoke into the night air dramatically to illustrate his point. The darkness doesn’t seem to care. It swallows his defiance as he makes his way back to Baker Street.
Sherlock reaches up and grazes a thumb across the hollow of John’s cheek, taking the wet from his errant tears. With that John splinters a little, has to bring his lips to Sherlock’s throat to keep it together, fluttering kisses over his pulse and the shadow under his jaw. The smallest noise vibrates under John’s mouth and he knows it’s almost over.
John leans into Sherlock’s hand as a palm reaches to the back of his neck, their armchairs no longer sat opposite each other but side by side, as close as possible.
“I don’t mind it” John settles for, remembering how to speak only when Sherlock moves again, squeezing beside him to rinse the suds from his chest.
The answer knocks John so off guard that he feels his knee give way a little, covers the slip by grabbing the bottle of whisky from Sherlock’s hand and pouring himself another. He knocks it back again and though he hisses air through his teeth the burn still isn’t there, as if his body’s forgotten how to react appropriately to the pain of it.
Sherlock throws apologetic eyes at him, but it seems to be a losing battle. Mycroft saunters down the staircase behind them just as the wind picks up, hands tucked into his waistcoat.
The skies in those irises go dark, clouded by something John has seen before, a very long time ago. It’s the beginnings of a storm he had felt rattle across his skin on a mild evening in the hallway of Baker Street, with his back against the wall just laughing and laughing, elements colliding into the surge of an ocean that threatened to consume him and everything he knew, on the bright tarmac of an airstrip, as he failed to say goodbye.
For a few seconds John doesn’t say anything, processing the words that linger awkwardly now. It’s not a lie, though. Sherlock does recall the parts of those excruciating hours that kept his body from shutting down completely. The hard press of John’s fingers and shirt against his ribs, the quickening breaths fluttering against his face that smelled of spearmint chewing gum and dehydration. His own honest and raw request, burning there between them for whole moments before John complied.
Suddenly there are arms around him, holding his chest tightly from behind and pressing a gloved hand over his mouth. John panics for an entire moment, struggles and grunts behind the leather, until he recognises the press of the body behind him and the smell of Sherlock’s aftershave.
Sherlock looks slightly surprised and relieved at the same time. They wander back up the garden path, the hand at the small of John’s back guiding him into the hallway as they pass the threshold.
“In a booth opposite,” John confirms, pretending to take another drink to locate him exactly. “Seems to be with a partner”
He eventually gets his hug, marvelling at how bright and well she looks. Annoyingly, Rosie is almost as tall as he is now, her hair smells like vanilla as it tickles his nose. There’s a suspicious air of excitement on her face, blue eyes sparkling in the artificial glow of light.
John can’t help but laugh, both at the ridiculousness of that statement and the absolutely unsurprising fact that Sherlock could become a master chef after simply watching a few online videos. If he’d known that, John would have suggested it a long time ago. Baker Street could have done with some home cooking, amid cartons of takeaway and body parts.
The effort to prise his lips from Sherlock’s neck is immense, yet worth the concentration of desire he finds in the glassy blue eyes above him. Sherlock knows the question burning between them, of course he does, nods as he closes fingers around John’s wrist.
“Be a shame to waste an opportunity” John says, and Sherlock follows his eyes to the restraints on the wall behind the headboard.
“You could try”
Sherlock reaches into the back of his skin tight trousers and reveals a slim pouch. Inside there’s a business card, detailing the name and address of who he believes to be the man’s next target. He tosses the stolen wallet to John, who catches it in one hand and sits up properly to read it.
Somehow the negative charge between them has bridged a gap and John no longer needs to tip his chin to meet Sherlock’s eyes - can take in all of him and finds Sherlock irritated and tired, the signs of fracturing cracks where he’s been trying to keep himself hidden but now he’s seeping through, between the gaps in the wall that’s been up ever since he reappeared from the dead.
“Or, you could take the car that’s just arrived and be in Wales by this afternoon”
It’s okay though because his friend is alive, and not completely whole but mending, slowly; the body Sherlock is sleeping in knows it, can distantly smell the unique disinfectant that only hospitals seem to have, can hear the soft breathing of John’s abused lungs close to his ear, muffled by the oxygen mask shielding his mouth.
“It’s a big bed”
John needs no further permission, his pupils going dark as he lets go of Sherlock’s hand and slips it to his shoulders instead, carefully easing him backwards onto the mattress. For once Sherlock is thankful of John’s experience, allows himself to be moved as one thigh straddles his hip and the other presses between his own. The shiver that courses down his spine is almost unsettling in its ferocity, Sherlock cannot silence the quivering breath that parts his lips.
“Where is he?” Mycroft asks, eyes darting from the two of them to the cuffs on the wall, and the missing pillowcase.
“I am aware of what has happened between you”
For a moment he wonders if the rejection he so easily pushed onto Sherlock will be turned on himself. John can’t make any grand gestures because doing so would be a lie – of course he loves him, has always, but this is something different, something wild that he can’t promise can be tamed. There will be new rules and new lines, a whole rich tapestry of threads they can each get caught in and pull at unintentionally. It could all come undone, and so all John can really pledge is to try.
They look at each other again and Sherlock seems wild. Flushed and pink with want and grief, both things existing in almost equal force. John flits his eyes from the rose of his cheeks to the mouth he wants to taste again and again, but has to ask – has to make sure, despite the demon in his head telling him not to.
“Sherlock,” John’s breathing is slow and steady, punctuating Sherlock’s name. “I just hit my head pretty hard, so if I’m misunderstanding –“
There’s that smear of mud or soot or something not good, again, on Sherlock’s skin. John wants to try and erase it but he can’t, gets distracted by the temptation of Sherlock’s jaw, so close, sharp and rough beneath his lips as he mouths it. Can smell the day on them both, more pungent than before now they’re hot and pressed together and constantly vibrating.
“But it wasn’t your choice, was it? She - fuck -
Before he can repeat Sherlock’s name the man’s in front of him, striding and pacing and simultaneously removing his jacket, shaking the swimming pool off with a roll of his shoulders. All John can do is lay his hands on the arm rests and watch, flex his knuckles and shift minutely in his seat as Sherlock tries to control himself; attempts to contain his muscles and tendons and brain waves in one solid bodily compartment, desperate to keep the gates closed.
Thirty-five minutes passes far too quickly. John’s impressed at his own fitness after months of not taking care of himself, but fairly concerned by the lack of coherent sentences forming in his head. There’s so much he wants to say. Condensing it into a neat package that will get Sherlock to like him again is no easy feat.
John passes a tongue over his lip and lets his eyes focus into the mountain snow blue that’s right there in front of him, waits ‘til it’s clear and sharp and so consuming that he couldn’t possibly believe that anything else exists.
Eventually John drifts back off, Sherlock’s heartbeat low and steady against his cheek. He dreams of nothing, and feels peace.
For Rosie’s eighteenth birthday a few months ago, Sherlock had suggested a car, and John had agreed it was the perfect gift. Their cottage is miles from the nearest station, and though neither man minds the journey, Rosie’s independent spirit had been fighting to get out on the open road ever since she passed her test. They found the ideal vehicle, a slightly battered forest green Land Rover that Sherlock had managed to get fixed up for free. Something about a favour owed, and John knew better than to bother asking about it. She had been delighted, squeezing the life out of them both, before hopping in with her muddy boots and heading for the nearest stretch of tarmac.
“You okay?”
day, only with you”
John’s eyes peel open one at a time and he sighs deeply, Sherlock can see his chest rise and fall, creating ripples on the surface of the water.
of his own pulse whispering against the pads of John’s fingers, squeezing his wrist, now.
“Like your Daddy” Sherlock agrees, unable to stop the genuine grin breaking out across his slightly bruised face.
It’s funny how seconds can feel like years, and stars implode and are reborn in the time it takes Sherlock to let his mountainous eyes go black with want and the oxygen leave the space of his mouth in a sharp exhale, as if he’s been waiting for years and lifetimes before they even met to hear those words.
“I came back, like before and I always will. Always, John”
They head down the stairs, Rosie threatening to cry because she wants her best friend. It’s a little bit heart-breaking, to see her so attached, the shadow of his own dependency reflected on her small pained features. For a moment he’s pissed at Sherlock for leaving without a word, hurting his daughter without a second thought. That unjustified rage isn’t sustainable though, the lie too transparent. John has done this to them. Sherlock isn’t here because John told him not to be, made him think the invisible line between them was solid and unbreakable, not the dissipating cloud of denial it actually is.
John sees them, chasing each other. Sherlock with his wooden sword and badly constructed pirate hat, struggling to run through the brush at Musgrave.
Sherlock wants to kiss him. Use his lips to undo the knots of repression that have so quickly constricted around John again.
That voice is silky smooth in the night, and it’s no wonder Rosie prefers Sherlock’s stories to drift off to. The euphonious tones from the man’s lips are like treacle, have been slowly wrapping themselves around John’s heart for months now, keeping him going when nothing else motivates. If there are things that he keeps hidden from himself, then they begin and end there, in the secrets of Sherlock’s mouth.
“I’m fine, John” Sherlock says, a little more clipped than he had meant it to be.
The words are stuck because he doesn't want to speak them, would rather have his mouth to Sherlock's and their worlds colliding, new and wrong and all the things he's wanted since the beginning. It's unfair and John knocks his head back against the fridge, once, twice, screws his eyes so tight that tiny white daggers stab his lids.
A sharp breath forces out through John’s nose before he can stop it. He keeps his eyes focused on the back of the seat in front of him, fist clenching against his knee reflexively. His other arm is hooked around Rosie’s torso, her blonde curls mercifully concealing most of his face.
There’s a silent please, a request for one final favour as Sherlock uses the little strength he has left to trace his hand softly along John’s throat, before resting at the dip under his jawline. He applies pressure, and John lifts his chin, desperately seeking the eyes he still cannot see. His hands feel damp on his makeshift bandage, the metallic smell of blood poisoning the small pockets of air around them.
He can almost taste John’s dark smile as he continues to work himself, his other hand drifting to play at Sherlock’s chest again. Fingernails dig in painfully at Sherlock’s ribs, and he can tell John is already close, the steam and the unique situation enough to heighten the arousal. The breaths against the back of his head become faster and more strained, and just as he thinks John will finish right there against his wet shirt, the movement stops.
, he wants to finish.
hands on him. Placing them on Sherlock’s skin like he is an un-primed canvas, not yet ready for more, unable to handle the weight of anything else, too absorbent. John is being too careful in his mapping of Sherlock’s wounds, and though Sherlock thinks that he
is here” Sherlock reminds them, gesturing widely with his arms, or at least attempting to, and instantly regretting it.
He’s dead. It’s the first thing that blurs into John’s head as consciousness restarts his senses. Either his eyes aren’t open properly or he’s surrounded in complete darkness, a black so deep he can’t tell if it’s real or not. The air is stale, prickling at his nostrils as if he’s somewhere that hasn’t seen the light of day for a very long time.
He turns to catch Sherlock’s eyes and they’re soft, if not a little surprised at the offer John has not yet made. Rarely do they open up to each other, but John knows they need to. They’re supposed to. They’re best friends and roommates and whatever the hell else they are. After everything they’ve been through and are still going through, it should be easier.
He wills John to turn around, and at last he gets something he wants. John’s hands drop awkward and vacant to his sides, gaze dragging from the floor to Sherlock’s perched torso.
Then Sherlock holds him. Just there, with one hand to the small of his back and the other weaving through his hair. Moments of insignificant time pass and John tries to think of Mary - reconstructs her face in his mind to force himself to feel guilty, to push Sherlock aside, pull on his shirt and leave. But every time her features sharpen they split and fall apart, so John loses himself in the pores of skin his cheek and nose and mouth are pressed to, breathes them in and feels the tiny hairs of Sherlock’s neck stand on end.
“Look at me,” Sherlock asks, patient during the seconds it takes John to carefully remove his head from its resting place. “Touch yourself”
“You tell me” He challenges instead, finds he has to lift his chin a little to shake the plea from his voice. Because if John says it himself it makes it his fault, and damn if he’s going to add
“Sherlock” He breathes out, willing himself to say something more.
In dreams or maybe stories, planets collide and gunpowder reacts in colourful sparks and everything intensifies a million fold. In reality, nothing happens but the peaking and breaking of desire, a small bending of time into ecstasy before the chill and silent atmosphere of the kitchen comes back into focus. They breathe only because they have to, and John so wishes he didn't. In and out they recycle invisible elements, round in circles until the air feels less tight and more empty.
“Her Majesty is running a little late, sent me a text a few minutes ago”
“Come here”
“Better?” John asks, attempting to look nonchalant behind a swig of his drink, but unable to conceal the worry in his eyes.
“But there’s also you. Sherlock – and I can’t, I won’t let you take any more punishment”
Sherlock flicks it on and off uselessly. John opens the door, poking his head out to check the adjacent room. Everything is dead, the only discernible illumination coming from the red blink of security cameras in the corners of the ceiling, which must be on a generator.
“So give me my fix, then”
“Well, that’s okay then” John huffs a laugh, cracking his neck from side to side.
, teetering on the edge, but now he’s immersed and he can’t get out again, his brain keeps him anchored. Sherlock’s arm rests across the body next to him, guards John’s chest, his ribs, everything that is vulnerable, everything that is breakable, and everything that was nearly stolen from him.
wants to force them open, wants to climb in and taste the flood waters.
Sherlock hums his agreement, shifting uncomfortably in his coat. The moist air clings to the wool, so he shrugs it off, folds it over his arm. John moves in the tub, pushing up into a sitting position.  His eyes are narrowed slightly in consideration, tongue darting out to wet his lips in a way that never fails to make Sherlock shiver.
Sherlock’s body is barely visible in the new darkness, but soon John’s eyes begin to focus enough in the shadow to pick out little details. The bridge of his nose is there, catching the dull light from the half moon outside, the edge of his jaw becoming clearer the more John looks. Sherlock’s chest is perhaps a stretch of arm away, close enough that he could reach out deft fingers and undo another button if he so wanted.
Sherlock doesn’t, but he can see the truth of it in John’s eyes and the caught lip between his teeth, as he works his hand.
“You liked this, back in The Den,” John breathes, hovering over Sherlock with one knee beside his hip and the other between his legs. “Letting me take control”
Perhaps it’s the added platitude, but the other man seems to soften somewhat, as much as is physically possible. He glances down at his watch.
Sherlock huffs a breath that warms the space below his jaw red hot and leaves just as quickly, a ghost of something that could be laughter in the right air. Except it’s more like the sob that’s slipping from John’s mouth every time he speaks, a voice from the monstrous want inside him that feeds on Sherlock’s close body and blurry skin.
Sherlock can count the number of times he’s been speechless on one hand, and this certainly adds to the tally. If he was even capable of getting past John’s uncharacteristic smoothness, or the fact that he had the foresight to carry twenty pound notes in his pocket, he would still be lost for words. The strong arm around his torso knocks everything else out of his head. The bouncer takes the cash though, curling it into his large fist and opening the door for them.
Everything feels heavy. And it’s strange, because when Sherlock rarely sleeps it’s always
“Come here” Sherlock says, taking off his apron.
“I think that’s none of your fucking business” John says under his breath, pulse rising with the almost accusatory tone of the man next to him.
“Greg will come,” He promises, voice not even convincing in his own ears. “We don’t do this, Sherlock. You know we don’t”
“John –“ Sherlock stills, John’s name on his lips sounding more like a prayer than a question.
– and he realises now the truth of that, there were chances neither of them took, unsure of the other, and each of them had dissipated in the flow of fake blood from Sherlock’s head against pavement. It is
When Sherlock had first broached the subject of Christmas dinner, John had almost choked on his tea when the man said he wanted to cook. Never in their many, many years together, had Sherlock ever made so much as a slice of toast. John had wanted to protest – Rosie was coming back from art college, and he wanted everything to be perfect. Sherlock had accused him of genuine hysteria when he had come back from the village market with two wreaths and several mini fir trees. ‘Decking the halls’ wasn’t something John normally indulged in, but this year felt different. It needed to be special. It needed to not end in a small house fire. The lack of trust he had in Sherlock’s culinary skills was warranted, but those big doe eyes were more persuasive than he liked to admit, lips ghosting his own even more so. John had agreed eventually, secretly alerting their closest neighbour Mrs Tompkins, that they may be in need of some emergency turkey on the big day.
What Sherlock doesn’t say is –
John clears his throat at the movement, so Sherlock does it again, and again, smirking at his own reflection on the surface of the water as a small moan escapes the man’s lips.
, and now he’s given too much of himself away, too much truth.
But he isn’t.
“Tell me when you’re close” John’s voice is slightly strangled in his throat as he drifts hands along Sherlock’s thighs.
Gently Sherlock moves his hand away and he’s empty again, aching and a little sore as he lets go of Sherlock’s coat to pull his trousers back up.
Sherlock asks, moans tumbling from his tongue as he pushes it into John’s mouth. The stretch of his arm to Sherlock’s cock as he moves up to meet his kiss is painful, but it’s fine. John manages to keep his hand steady and suck Sherlock’s bottom lip between his teeth at the same time, remembering how to do several things at once now his blood is on fire. When he pulls away Sherlock’s eyes are dark and nearly closed, the grip on his own ribs becoming tight and the fingers around his cock stalling for a moment as the man beneath him climbs towards the peak.
“The gambler?”
and kisses Sherlock’s mouth again with surety and guilt sodden vigour; pushes the dirtied robe from tall shoulders and thumbs his way through buttons until he’s got fingerprints on Sherlock’s chest, small nail crescents on the space just above hip bone and Sherlock continues to shake against him like a rattling storm. John’s torn between right and wrong and what those things even mean, cannot in the haze of blinding tumultuous greed find the part of him that will drown in self hatred later - and he’s tried, he tried for whole seconds to physically knock Sherlock out of his head, said he couldn’t when he can (oh he can) and none of those tiny irrelevant acts of nobility will mean anything in the end so why bother, why deny what’s already happening, what’s already always been
Against the railings outside, he shakes and shakes, the panic attack shattering through him and bringing bile to his throat. Bent double John breathes, in and out, nose and mouth, repeating the motion until he’s able to put one foot in front of the other again.
Sherlock cannot reply, for fear of opening his mouth and having only his full heart flood out. Instead, he rolls his lips together and looks down, offering the space between his shoulder and chin. John fits easily there, turning onto his side and shifting as close to Sherlock as he can. The pills will take effect soon, so Sherlock ventures his arm to John’s thigh, brushes his knuckles there in search of any contact at all.
The sea green mottling on his skin looks angry, surrounded by raincloud purple. Sherlock blinks several times, trying to search for an answer that isn’t once again coated in a slick wash of untruths. There aren’t any though. None that would end well, at least. As much as he’s frustrated and betrayed by John’s stupidity, the man has been broken enough for one night.
The plateau of silence between them has lasted a little longer than John meant it to. Granted the weekend had already been spoken for – John had scheduled in seeing Harry months ago, and this time it was a welcome distraction. Since announcing he was going to start seeing her again, Sherlock had taken it upon himself to message constantly whenever John went. At first it was a bit much, his phone buzzing every hour, but John quickly found himself needing it, a tether to normality in the presence of his misunderstood sister. Sherlock never failed to provide this lifeline, and yet John’s pocket hadn’t vibrated once during his visit.
Those long stretching hours had seemed never ending. The house was too quiet, no traffic going by, no glass clinking in the kitchen or violin drifting through the hallway. No one to talk to in the unsociable hours between sleep. Dawn light peeked through the curtains before John’s brain even considered shutting down, and by that hour it was too late to think about closing his eyes. It was then, standing in his own grey kitchen, that John realised he had mentally moved back into 221B months ago, his mind making decisions without his permission.
“Problem?” Sherlock asks against John’s neck, scraping teeth there.
He’s at the stoop of 221B without even knowing how. The sky is threatening rain through the density and it’s too late now even if he did want to run. He stares up at the curtain drawn windows and wonders if the map to his head is in there; pinned out on the walls like the most complex of cases, with coordinates and gridlines connecting all the hidden bits that he’s not yet allowed to see. He imagines Sherlock amid numbers and illegible clues, scribbling over things and rearranging the pieces of his life until they fit better again.
Everything, all at once, crowded against a wall in the sacred grounds of a church, just down the lane from the Holmes’ cottage.
They’ll surely be caught soon. It’s a holy day after all. There are people inside the church, families celebrating while Sherlock tugs at John’s belt, half hidden by a large tree at the edge of the graveyard. How poetic it is, to do this here, amid the death that has haunted their entire relationship. There are so many questions and things John should say but there’s no space to do so. He knows this is just one moment, a singular rip in time where they can do this and exist within each other and never speak of it again.
Apparently he never has been. Apparently he enjoys the lies and the danger and chooses these things deliberately to hurt himself, relishes the thrill of it so much he’s married it. Betrothed himself to the very type of person he should loathe, has chased through countless streets with Sherlock at his heels and adrenaline pumping his skin. He’s sought it out and made love to it and put a ring on its finger. John’s learning a lot of sharp and awful things about himself, and they’re not as surprising as they should be.
“Likely, yes. Your phone?”
There are a few silent moments where John appears to contemplate whether the fake accolade is worth it, but he finally rests his whisky back on the table and relaxes a little. John wets his bottom lip and looks at Sherlock, who wishes instantly that they’d just left the club when they had the chance. In the much warmer glow of naked Edison bulbs and table lamps, John’s face is attractive and soft. Sherlock can’t ignore the moisture on his pink lips, or the slight rose on John’s cheeks as ocean blues find his own. Oxygen catches in Sherlock’s throat and he’s stuck there once again, everything else wholly unimportant in comparison.
Autumn is tense, painted with pain and the fatigue of constant therapy, and sometimes Sherlock doesn’t know what day it is or who he is, at all. He finds himself mentally cataloguing John’s jumpers just so he can keep track of how many times they’ve seen each other. Some visits are long, and the words between them exceed the need to be counted, other times they are so short it’s like he was never there at all. The cocaine is secreted under the floorboard in the bathroom, and they both know it. Occasionally Sherlock can tell it’s been prised open, but John never takes it. It’s an exercise in trust, and not one either is willing to fail. Most of all it’s just strenuous, a slow process of reminding each other who they are, what they’ve overcome, and why they’re still needed.
Rosie places the rest of the gifts in the hallway, and immediately throws her arms around Sherlock, her large purple scarf almost suffocating him. John smiles, his jealousy for Sherlock’s place in his daughter’s ranks long ago forgotten. He could never contend with their instant bond, nor does he have any desire to do so anymore. Happiness comes from being an observer, he now realises, watching the two people he loves most in the world find joy in each other.
His mouth parts only for a second before Sherlock takes it in his own. The swell of that bottom lip is slightly chapped and rough and John dies just a little, in that moment. Allows himself to disintegrate in the bitter warm shock of it, reacting instantly. Without hesitation he darts his tongue out to taste Sherlock properly, all the heat he’s always wanted and wondered about. Stolen caramel paints his gums and it’s so sweet, eliciting moans he doesn’t ever remember making before. John’s falling right into it, a feeling of completion he’s desperately been trying to find.
“Sounds… like a plan” He manages, trying to concentrate on counting the grey hairs of John’s crown, instead of the palm now flattening at the curve of his side.
John’s eyes glance towards the sofa and his knees threaten to buckle with the memory of it. How the hell had that happened, so easily and plainly? No great admissions had been made, no grand gestures forced by the threat of death, or adrenaline pumping argument where fists turn to desperate hands – just television. Just sweetened crumbs on the edge of Sherlock’s mouth, and his soft genuine smile in the low light.
“I suppose you’ve noticed Sherlock’s absence” Mycroft still has one eye on Rosie, eyes slightly wide as if he expects her to jump up at any moment.
They pause at the living room light switch, John trailing behind Sherlock, his hand moving to intertwine their fingers as Sherlock flicks it off. Past the kitchen table and their half-eaten breakfasts from days ago, plates that should have been washed but were abandoned in favour of a trip across the sea.
When he jolts awake, washed out motorway has filtered into expanses of green. Wales is beautiful, and John suddenly feels a little sick.
It doesn’t feel like make believe though, as Sherlock nods once and John crowds in closer, slipping a hand around the back of his neck and resting the other delicately on his knee.
Has he forgiven him, though? That’s something John hasn’t allowed himself to think about too much. Because yes, he said it, he proclaimed it with the threat of an empty bomb and the pressure of saying things you only have one chance to say - but no, no he can’t be one hundred percent sure that he’s let it all go, or ever will, and that’s precisely why he’s been avoiding it completely. If he can’t truly forgive Sherlock - the man who saved him, the one person at the centre of everything - then who exactly does he have left?
“You could likely catch the next train to Cardiff, and then a rather expensive taxi to Llancarfan”
“I nearly lost you,” John begins, his words like tiny brambles that have been scratching at the back of his throat for years. “Again”
Isn’t he supposed to be the sure one? The soldier and the man who could never go a few weeks without a woman on his arm. This is his territory, a place he should feel comfortable, and yet everything about this feels a thousand times more intense than anything before. Sherlock is a man, which throws up a whole new set of challenges, but that’s not even it. John knows what to do, can already predict where to put his tongue to make Sherlock arch beneath him, how much pressure to apply with his teeth on the muscle above his hip. He can do all this, but the doubt that he should be allowed to is pinching at his forehead, gnawing at the spot between his eyebrows like the beginnings of a headache.
, clear in John’s flexing jaw.
“God, Sherlock,” He’s breathless, and embarrassingly wanting in the crisp night air. “Come on,
– but nonetheless he steps towards John, toeing off his shoes and pulling off his socks. He drops his coat to the floor, any care for his favourite item of clothing evaporating with the bath water. They’ll only just about fit, there in the porcelain boat, and the concept of sharing a bath together strikes Sherlock as utterly ridiculous. So, he does the only thing you can do with an idiotic suggestion, and raises the bar.
They walk back to the cottage mostly in silence, a comfortable stretch of time where Sherlock offers a hand to John as they climb over stiles, steps side by side with him and lets their elbows bump from time to time. When the cottage finally comes into view again the snow has eased, and Sherlock’s pace slows.
“Seriously?” He breathes, as Sherlock’s other naked hand begins to unbutton his jacket.
Sherlock makes some kind of low rumble in his throat and backs away a couple of paces, out of character as if he’s cut himself off in his head before the reply reaches his mouth. There’s some silence and so John blinks, gestures with open arms for a response he knows is lost in the tunnel of Sherlock’s throat.
Thankfully, they seem to read his mind. John shouldn’t be surprised at that, he realises. Sherlock’s father disappears for a few moments and comes back clutching a red fleece lined parka. It looks miles too big for him, but John takes it anyway, smiling his thanks as Mrs Holmes bends down to Rosie.
“Up the hill over there,” Mrs Holmes gestures to the snow sprinkled tor behind John, just visible across the fields bordering their cottage.
His throat feels like sandpaper and flooded with cold waters at the same time, a battle between getting the words out and the frozen wash of pent up emotion they bring. John rubs his eyes and his mouth and anything to keep the years of pain safe beneath his eye lids, but he can’t quite manage not to let it come tumbling from his mouth instead.
“Don’t need a map, do I?” He asks, trying to keep the wariness from his features.
They struggle for only a moment or two before the gambler whistles loudly, calling the attention of the bouncers Sherlock knows are well within earshot. He holds on regardless, waiting until the two much larger men are within striking distance before letting go, holding his hands up in surrender as they fish the phone from his pocket. There’s wet on his lip, blood, likely from the collision. It snakes into the edge of his mouth as he’s manhandled into the nearest room, John’s limp form being dragged in after him.
and his teeth tremble and he still has half of the Thames in his lungs, but then there’s John, limp and soaking with blood, dark red blood that’s already staining Sherlock’s fingernails and the grubby ground of London’s riverbank; and how could he be so
“Christ, you think it’s so easy” John continues, nodding his head derisively. “You still have no idea, do you, what it feels like to be betrayed, even after all this time and all this
There are footprints in the dirt that seem to disappear into a group of trees to John’s left. He calls out one more time, hoping for a response. None comes. John swears under his breath, cursing himself for ever mentioning to Sherlock that they should have a real tree this year. Reluctantly he follows the impressions in the mud that seem to lead to nowhere, pushing aside prickling branches.
“Oh for
“It may be heading that way” Sherlock comments, using one leather gloved finger to pry open the curtain in Mycroft’s ridiculously large foyer.
Self-preservation wins out, in the end - so instead, he makes the tea.
Everything is made worse by the fact that he can’t see Sherlock, can’t read his face or pick out the peaks and valleys of his cheekbones, the soft of his upper lip or the crinkle between his brows. This may be the end, their finishing moments, and John doesn’t even get to look at him one last time. And his daughter – Rosie will be an orphan, alone in a world John knows is mostly terrible, he’ll have failed her and Mary and his own promise to keep her safe. Never will he see her honest smile again, or hear her brightening giggles, feel her tiny hand in his own. Every terrible thought crashes over John all at once, paralyzing him for a moment in the claustrophobic shadow.
He’s not even sure why they ended up going to the Yard’s Christmas party. Only Greg really wanted them there, and the big day is still a fortnight away, making the streams of tinsel and sudden outbursts of bad festive chorus seem a little ridiculous. However, Molly had offered to babysit, and the chance to be both child and case free for a night seemed too good an opportunity to pass up.
In his peripheral vision, John sees Sherlock stop his hands and look at him sharply. They haven't talked about this, if Sherlock wants to go public. John does, wants to tell everyone they see that he's with the most wonderful person ever.
Sherlock takes his time making his way down John's shaft, a couple of centimetres at a time, jaw stretched wide to accommodate.
There is a surprised pause. John hurries on, before Sherlock can say anything.
Sherlock blushes a bit, cheeks and ears and chest. Embarrassment and arousal. Awkwardly hands John the flannels and slick. John puts them to the side. He looks back at Sherlock, who is nearly vibrating with need. So he leans back in invitation, and suggests "C'mere?"
"First, I thought of touching you first around the rim. Of spreading slick there for what's to come."
Sherlock follows suit, making sure his tongue is under John's corona and shaft. John is thick enough to already be a mouthful. His gag reflex is weak, but even so, he doesn’t know how much he'll be able to take. So, he makes sure that the wetness left over from his mouth gets caught up in his fist, and pumps slowly along while he goes down.
John settles into a straddle on Sherlock's knees, good arm bracing his front up a bit, his mouth hovering above Sherlock's erection. Before John starts anything, Sherlock raises up onto his elbows, looks John in the eyes and says, “Can you, when you...I want you to come, too.”
"I wanked to you last night."
Two days later, he's waiting for the kettle, and then he's two fingers into the same imaginary bumhole. He can already recognize the slick muscle as it takes him in. If he's going to imagine fingering a stranger, he thinks, as least it's the same one.
Sherlock nods, panting. Johns nods back, consenting, so Sherlock lets go of John's hand to turn slightly and reach over himself to find the slick he'd stashed for when the time came.
When Sherlock regains his senses, John is smoothing his hair, murmuring endearments and praise. Sherlock, vulnerable after his spectacular orgasm, feels his eyes start to fill with tears at the love in John's voice, and lets the wetness spill over. John notices, says “Hey. There you are, Love. Are you alright?”
I's like a wave then, and he blindly grabs the first thing his hand finds in the too bare fridge. Half turns, yelling, and throws. It's a jam jar, boysenberry
John queries himself.
Sherlock nods, says unsurely "If you don't mind.”
"Sher," John rasps, "Love. When you're close...I want to see. Your face, when you come."
"Well, do you want to face me, lay side by side, or do you want to spoon?" John asks.
Once Sherlock stops shaking and is otherwise calms, he says, voice wrecked to gravel, “I'd love to help clean up, but I don't think I can move yet.”
They've done this bit before, mutual fondling, so Sherlock is on solid ground again.
John hesitantly says “Well, if you want to...in your internet...have you heard of anilingus?”
Sherlock most definitely has noticed. John's superior length and girth has been the main reason Sherlock was previously hesitant. He remembers back to how much trouble he had giving him a blow job and belatedly agrees with John's assessment. “How do we start, then?”
He wonders. He trusts John not to lie, but still. Never in his wildest dreams did he ever think John would feel that way.
They continue for awhile, each at their own rhythm.
Later he'll realize he's disappointed.
A few nights later, they're sitting on the couch watching telly. John's arm around his shoulder, Sherlock slouches by increments, until his head is in John's lap. John's hand finds his hair, gently rubbing the tips of his fingers in tiny circles on Sherlock's scalp. Sherlock sighs in contentment. After a bit of that, when Sherlock is nice and relaxed, John starts talking. Armed with his new found information, he talks, a litany of words. Of his fears and how they led him to research. Of what he found. When he runs out of words, there's a lull.
John smiles, “Ah. Well. I'm open to a lot of things I haven't done yet. I actually haven't wanted to do this before, but now that it's you I'd get to do it with...”
John's voice is suddenly husky as he says "Yes, Love, we can definitely do that now."
. Makes his way to the bathroom, washes his leg in the bath, gets enough blood off to see. Back to the front room, spreads his kit on table. Still can't feel much
Suddenly, Sherlock moans John's name loudly, eyes flying open. His eyes meet Johns, and he stills as he orgasms, breath gasping a litany.
John asks, “How long...?” He needs to know how long he's been a fool. But Sherlock just shakes his head and clears his throat, and John realizes he's trying not to cry. So John does the only thing in his brain, something he's wanted to do for so long, and gently takes Sherlock's head in his hands. Sherlock's head is canting, cheek pressing against one palm, and there are the tears. Then, Sherlock is somehow in John's lap, head on John's good shoulder. A muffled, “Love you, too,” against John's neck. Sherlock is grabbing the back of John's jumper, John's hands rub Sherlock's back. They're both crying now. Sherlock is near silent, shoulders shaking slightly under john's palms. John cries with little huffs, the occasional sniffle. He shushes words of comfort, and litany of “Love”.
Exhausted, Sherlock manages to turn on his side. John climbs back in bed and gathers Sherlock in his arms, places a kiss on his head. He listens to Sherlock's breathing slow to sleep for a much needed nap, and lets slumber catch him as well.
"Yes..." Sherlock breathes out, "...Yes."
He drops down onto the floor in the little space Sherlock left in kneel in. “Sher”
Sherlock's eyes go wide, pupils dilating, and he breathes, “John.”
Sherlock's just demonstrated his willingness to use his safe-word, so John simply asks, "Like this? Or do you want to lay down?"
Before long, Sherlock relaxes into the touch. A bit later John realizes Sherlock's fallen asleep. John says there, petting Sherlock's hair. Smiling, he turns his attention back to the telly.
Relieved at John taking the initiative, Sherlock slowly takes off his shirt, and shyly, his pants, letting them both drop onto the floor. This is the first time John's seen Sherlock naked since they've been in a relationship. He takes his time starting his gaze at Sherlock's face, silently asking if it's ok to look. When Sherlock nods, John does. His gaze washes over slightly heaving chest, down taut stomach, and finally, to Sherlock's erection.
Sherlock, still naked, draws down the bed covers and crawls in. He looks at John, face soft and still a little flushed. John goes around to the other side of bed and gets in. He watches Sherlock turn to face him, uncertainty in his eyes.
He picks up a rhythm of slow pumping, and watches Sherlock all but come undone on just this.
The sounds get more expressive as time goes along. The third time, the voice moans his name, breathy and somehow odd, and he recognizes it as Sherlock. It takes him a week and three wanks to figure out what's really happening. Somehow, Sherlock is doing this. John knows Sherlock has some weird abilities, like breathing underwater, changing colors, and that trilling thing he does when it sounds like he has two sets of vocal cords. But they haven't talked about all of Sherlock's abilities, and telepathy definitely hasn't come up.
“Slick?” John prompts.
Just when Sherlock thinks his week knees will give out, John notices his shaking. Grabbing Sherlock like they're dancing, he leads him to the couch, steps in-between kissing light, almost closed mouthed kisses. Then couch cushions are against Sherlock's legs. John sits and Sherlock, eager for more, scrambles into john's lap. Their mouths come together again, an john is giggling, a litany of joy against Sherlock's lips. Sherlock chuckles back a little, but want is flooding through him, so he stops. John, brilliant john, takes the hint and then it's back to tongue pressing to tongue. They kiss for what seems like forever, John leading them from gentle to searching to gentle over and over again.
John starts out a slow pull with soft pressure, just enough to keep them in contact with each other.  Soon he finds a gentle rhythm that has Sherlock huffing out breaths.
Another small wait, another nod, and John repeats the action, going another couple centimetres.
In contrast, by the time John's tip is brushing the middle of Sherlock's soft palate, he's still almost a fist away. But John is groaning now almost as much as Sherlock is moaning, and they're both shivering from the vibrations.
"Love," he breathes, looking back at Sherlock's face. "You're beautiful. Simply stunning."
John crowds up in Sherlock's space, just far enough away for Sherlock to pull back, pull away, say no. But Sherlock takes the tiniest step forward, and inclines his head just so.
Soon they have a system going of licks and shallow sucks. John's the first one stop licking, and instead, deepen how much of Sherlock's penis is engulfed in his mouth.
Later he'll think
"Sher, Love, was that a yes to all of that, or just part."
John pulls almost all the way out, drips some more slick on, and pushes back in. Sherlock's body finally gives, and he's suddenly in to the last knuckles. Shaking, Sherlock wails out John's name. It sounds almost pained, so John hurriedly asks, “You alright? Do I need to move?”
“Yes, brilliant, John.”
"I did," John waits to see if this is going to go anywhere.
"I want you to...your hand. On my dick. Please?"
The sight of Sherlock coming undone has the air leaving John's lungs as he follows after.
Sherlock gasps, "Tighter. John. Oh, John. Faster." John closes his fist a little an speeds up.
He's thought about this, but Sherlock is already more expressive than in John's meager fantasies.
Face lit up with excitement, Sherlock says, “Stay there.” He turns off his phone, puts it away, and then scrambles around, curling so that he's facing John's hard dick. Now that he's here, he doesn't know where to begin. Oh, he knows academically, but not how to get from here to there.
The next time, he's trying to sleep. And just like that, he's brushing a prostate. A soft gasp sounds in his ears. He gives up and has a wank, trying to ignore how strange this all is.
In and out, knitting flesh, a doctor's meditation. Pin pricks of pain
Sherlock hastens to swallow as John spurts. When John's dick is done pulsing in Sherlock's mouth, he slowly pulls away.
He slides his eyes to Sherlock's to check, and there is uncertainty there. John decides it's about whether John will say anything, not ambivalence. It makes his heart hurt a little, so he makes a decision.
Sherlock is tossing his head, sweat soaked hair sticking to his forehead, as he bits his lip around gasps, arches his back. He moans Johns name again and again, a pleasure soaked litany. He's almost over-loaded with sensation but still can't come.
Lying in bed that night, John can't sleep. He's tired, and happy, but his mind keeps going round. He doesn't have mature experience with someone new to sex. Only early mutual fumbling when he and his partner both were. He fears he may push Sherlock, or that Sherlock will push himself on John's behalf. That John may make a mistake and hurt Sherlock, ruin this wonderful new thing they have. He resolves to query Sherlock as to what he's done by himself as soon as he can work it into conversation. And looking up some things on the internet seems like a good idea. Progress, made, John's mind finally quiets, and he's able to sleep, and dream of soft and urgent kisses.
John still manages to take Sherlock by surprise when he simultaneously touches his pucker with a slick finger and sucks his glans into wet heat. Sherlock bucks a little, which John was ready for. He lets the motion push part of Sherlock's shaft over his waiting tongue. Sherlock then wiggles his bum backward against John's finger. John takes the hint, and pushes in a bit. Sherlock is practiced now at relaxing and opening for John, so John's finger goes in easily to his first knuckle. Sherlock sighs in contentment. John starts to wiggle and pump his finger while licking around Sherlock's corona.
Suddenly serious, John says “Alright, Love. I'd like that, too.”
. It's clotted now but his leg is still covered in blood. His doctor's mind, far away, at a remove, separate, catalogs;
They've been kissing for a while, when Sherlock tips his face against John's mouth so that John is kissing his jaw. Sherlock sighs and shifts again, so that John's next kiss goes on his neck under the side of his jaw. John cottons on, shifts his hold on Sherlock's head, and kisses down the line Sherlock has started for him. Sherlock is breathing heavy already just from closed, and partly open mouth kisses. When John reaches Sherlock's jugular, he licks hard against the vein. Sherlock shudders and moans. John's had enough experience with kissing Sherlock to wonder if his sensitivity is present in any sexual situation. Evidence is piling up to the affirmative, here.
Sherlock quivers and does, feeling gloriously exposed when John again separates his cheeks.
When Sherlock's breath calms, he tells John, “I can take more now.”
Sherlock nods emphatically, breathing out, “Yes. John. Pleathe.” John loves the way Sherlock says please, lisping and all but begging.
"Then, slowly pushing in a finger, in and out to get you used to it."
John's had more practice time now at giving Sherlock a blow job, so he takes him deeper than that first time, all the way to the back of his throat.
“Doesn't matter. In case you hadn't noticed, I'm above average size.”
The second time, he's queuing in Tesco. All of a sudden he's thinking about sinking his finger up to the knuckle into a soft warm heat. He uses his bag of crisps to hide the beginnings of his erection until it's his turn.
John finally looses it when he notices
Confused, John asks, "How do you mean?" They've already established that Sherlock is a bottom and his confused brain isn't supplying any other answers.
"Like this. I want, I like the feel of your dick under me," he reiterates shyly.
Sherlock is gasping and moaning on every breath now. John speeds the movement of his head a bit, moves his hips in a matching cadence. He tries to keep a grunt of pleasure inside, but it comes out as a guttural moan. Sherlock's breath catches at the vibration. John, typically not that expressive, tries to let go of his reticence. Soon, he joins Sherlock in moaning his joy, as he sucks up and slides down Sherlock's shaft. The added sensations has Sherlock clutching the sheets and arching his neck.
Then he pulls out, slicks up a second finger, and pushes part way back in. It's still a bit of a stretch, even though Sherlock is so, so into this.
John giggles, but stops when their hands touch for the lube hand off. He finds Sherlock's eyes with his and Sherlock's are bright and serious, pupils wide. But, John sees, Sherlock's mouth is crooked up into a half smile from watching John in turn.
The next morning, the first thing John notices is Sherlock is still or again in his arms, but a bit farther away, and looking at him. John smiles lazily, says "Morning."
John's fingers are almost all the way in when Sherlock shudders and says urgently, “Your mouth, John, too much, I'm going to come.” John quickly lifts his mouth off. He stills his hand inside Sherlock, feels Sherlock flutter around him, as he fights for breath and composure.
After their first kiss, Sherlock and John sit and talk awhile. Emboldened by John's earlier display of gentle caring, and after the word-taking rush of the kissing itself, Sherlock reveals that he's a virgin. John hastens to reassure Sherlock that there is nothing wrong with that, and that they will only do what he wants, when he wants. Sherlock languidly waves that away, saying "I know it's alright, and you've already demonstrated restraint." Then he pauses. "It's just. You aren't."
“John,” and now it's all bass rumble and amazement.
They finally get home, and John gets Sherlock to eat with him before they both get undressed, and crash out in bed.
Sherlock hastens to awkwardly say “No, I'd like to. If you want to. Now, that is.”
, Sherlock thinks, wonderingly.
Sherlock lunges forward to kneel on the floor in front of john, looking intently into john's eyes. “Love. You said...you called...Love.” Sherlock stumbles slightly over the words, voice high in shock, eyes wide.
Soon, John starts to need more pressure, more speed, more something, but Sherlock, breathing heavily, manages, “I want...harder John...” So John grips their erections in in a steady hand and pulls a bit harder, finding the sweet spot of pressure. Sherlock closes his eyes and arches his neck. Just a bit of that increased pressure has Sherlock trembling, moaning after every inhale.
Sherlock shudders and nods.
“Sherlock Holmes,” deep breath, “I love you” And if his voice cracks a bit on the start, well. This is Sherlock. And he's finally getting to say what he's felt, what he wanted to say, for so long.
Sherlock breathes deeply in anticipation, lets out a sigh as John touches him. John' gently fondles Sherlock's dick and balls, watches as his penis lengthens, as the tip pokes out from his foreskin. John rubs and squeezes until Sherlock is shivering with want.
"John," Sherlock says, sounding fucked out already, "Please."
John swallows as Sherlock jerks beneath him, grinds his hips, and echoes an orgasm in response.
John's voice is back to baritone when he says, “It means you've relaxed, that I've made you completely come undone.”
Then Sherlock finds his hand and grasps it, all but begging when he asks, "Please?"
John thinks.
John moves a hand to Sherlock's back. John nods, asks, "Can you tell me how you want to be touched?" Sherlock inhales sharply before shaking his head, frustration creasing the top of his nose at the way words are failing him now.
John notices Sherlock is frozen, blinking, and what is that about?
Sherlock rumbles, "Not any more I hope."
* * *
It's a week after The Words were spoken. They're in a cab coming back from a case. Sherlock's just said something to make John giggle, which makes him chuckle in turn. He looks away from the window where he's been watching the city go by. John is gazing at him with what Sherlock can only now know is love. It makes his breath catch and his heart skip. He looks down and sees that their hands are very close on the seat. He stretches out his little finger, just a bit, just enough to touch John's. John looks down, too, and moves his own little finger to cover Sherlock's. Then, very slowly, he turns Sherlock's willing hand over, so that Sherlock's palm is facing up. Gently, John covers it with his own. Almost as one, they curl their fingers, and they're holding hands properly now. Sherlock looks up to john's face, to find that John is already there, watching back. Sherlock's heart is beating a quick litany of adoration for this amazing man beside him, holding him with just that small touch. They spend the rest of the cab ride that way, palm to palm, anchored with love.
Still smiling, John says, “It looks like you have it all figured out, Love.”
"Alright, Love. Now.” John says, voice a husky baritone.
When Sherlock's breath starts to even out, he suggests, “Alright, you can move now.”
John starts back up on Sherlock's jaw, just in front of the ear, on the sternocleidomastoid muscle, and lightly sucks. Sherlock moans again, and bucks a little in John's lap. John alternates open mouth kisses, laving tongue, and gentle sucks. Sherlock is soon shuddering, grasping at John's back and thrusting a bit in a drunken rhythm. Just when Sherlock's litany of moans almost became continuous, he gasps out "Kingfisher."
. John grabs a pillow and says "Lift up," then tucks it under Sherlock's arse. He enjoys the little confusion furrows this puts in-between Sherlock's eyes. To smooth them out he says, "It'll help position you for...um...a better angle." Sherlock's erection twitches a little at the thought and John's answering smile is somehow feral and protective all at once.
Everything goes bright and silent for Sherlock as the pleasure crashes through him in fast waves. John does his best to keep moving his fingers as Sherlock orgasms wildly, arching, thrashing his head, crying out again and again, as his arse clamps and flutters so tight so hot around John's fingers. John slows, and then stops just before Sherlock collapses back, heaving and spent.
Sherlock nods as much as he's able to, still smooshed into John's midsection.
“You do?” Sherlock asks inelegantly.
Sherlock's brain comes online piece of piece. By now his breathing is slowed at almost normal. John is holding him upright with one hand, rubbing his back with the other. Shushing meaningless words. No, not meaningless. Sherlock picks up his shortened name, the endearment "Love." And more. "...did so well, gorgeous, so proud of you..." A litany of glorification.
The first time John kisses his neck, Sherlock nearly comes in his pants.
John's come still on his lips, Sherlock's sighs Johns name, and his sigh is a litany.
"Alright. We won't do anything you're not ready for. Do you want to keep kissing? Or is that also too much?" John inquires.
Sherlock gasps, shudders around his own two fingers.
So John simply asks, "You'll use your safe-word if you need to?" He trusts Sherlock, but still, he doesn't want to hurt him, hurt this fragile new thing that they have.
. Ah.
Well, he did once say "Sex doesn't alarm me," John thinks. He smiles and queries, “Have you thought about the logistics?” Sherlock translates this to mean who would be on top, and answers, “I figure we'd both lay down, on our sides.” He looks proud to have found a way around the conundrum.
"Huh?" John asks eloquently, confused at the non sequitur.
Just when John starts to find the softness of the motion unpleasantly teasing, Sherlock pants out, "John. More?" In answer, John increases the pressure slightly, and speeds up. Sherlock starts squirming and making little sighing “Ah” noises.
John joins in saying, "We're a mess you and I."
John sobers, "You know, I thought..."
After he's done he gets up and sits next to Sherlock's bum, asks “Since when do you have a lisp?”. Sherlock blinks while he replays the past few minutes. Ah. He frowns in consternation and says slowly, “Not since I was a child. I usually have a better grasp on it now.”
John's mouth is on Sherlock's dick when Sherlock gasps something out between the little moans he's making, "I want you to finger me."
John frowns a little, thinking. Looks down and sees Sherlock's erection. "You mean what you want is too much?" he asks. Sherlock nods, cheeks coloring a bit redder. "You're not ready for what you want?" John guesses. Relieved that John understands what he can't articulate, Sherlock nods so hard his curls bounce slightly.
He pulls his mouth away from Sherlock's rapidly member before he over-stimulates him, urgently taps Sherlock's twitching leg, and groans out, “I'm coming!” for good measure. Sherlock pulls off a bit, and sucks. John's orgasm rips through him, and he growls Sherlock's name.
Sherlock waits.
John continues bobbing his head, taking more in bit by bit, until he's as far down as he can go. He makes it a good four inches before Sherlock's tip is tickling the his soft palate, only two fingers away from the base.
Finally, Sherlock makes up his mind. He rolls over to get up, exclaiming, "Be right back!"
John giggles out, "Yeah we can do that sometime if you want."
It's Sherlock who pulls away first. John almost chases him, but something tells him to ask first. "Sher? Everything all right?" Sherlock nods, hair mussed, lips dusky and slightly swollen, color high, pupils wide. He takes a deep shuddering breath, and says, "I just. It's so much and I. Want..." When he doesn't go on, John nods encouragingly, brushes an errant curl out of Sherlock's face.
It starts out with longing and glances. The first time it happens, they're in the kitchen, and Sherlock starts it with a Look. He's been in a mood all day,something John can't figure out. Then John catches The Look, a strange amalgam of blazing intensity, softness, desire, and a little pucker of the lips. Add that to the wide pupils and sped up breath, and somehow John knows surely as if he hears the words. Sherlock wants a kiss.
John's rubs his erection on Sherlock's, and Sherlock finally understands, this is foreplay. He brings brings both legs up around John's sides in preparation for later.
John thinks about how to describe it, slowly explains, "It's where one person, the big spoon, lays along the back of the other, who becomes the little spoon. The big spoon usually holds the little spoon."
"And damp flannels, please," John hollars at his retreting form.
Sherlock eagerly settles himself in John's lap, John's clothed dick nestled in his crease. John's turn to shudder out a breath.
something I would like to know though, Love, that we haven't talked about. We don't need to right now, we can wait. It's just. I don't know what you have done. By yourself, I mean..."
“No, don't move!” Sherlock calls out loudly. In a more typical volume he adds, “Ith good. Just...give me a moment.”
Then it's John's slicked finger brushing Sherlock's arse hole. That makes Sherlock lay his head back with a little puff of breath. One slick finger, massaging gently around in a circle, starting away from the center and swirling in until it touches Sherlock's pucker. Sherlock takes a shaky breath, but john doesn't go inside, only does it again. And again. And again. Somehow John is relaxing the muscle under his finger while winding up the rest of Sherlock.
It takes a bunch of pauses and three additional applications of slick, but finally, with a choked moan from Sherlock, he bottoms out.
Sherlock is back to wordless moaning as John's hand catches the rhythm of his mouth.
Sherlock nods, barely breathing and waits. Then John is backing him into the wall, one hand steady on his hip, one gentle on his face. Sherlock bends his head down slightly, and John pushes his up, and it's happening. John's firm warm lips against his soft plushy ones. It's teasing and perfect and suddenly Sherlock can't get enough air. But he cant, he won't pull away, so he just pants through his now open mouth again John's lips. John's mouth opens, and their breath is mingling and it makes Sherlock dizzy, how intimate it is. How close John is to him in all ways at this moment. Then john's tongue is flicking against Sherlock's lower lip and wow. Sherlock moans a little. John takes this as in encouragement. "Open for me, Love?" he raps, voice gone to his lower register. So Sherlock does. And now they're kissing in earnest, tongue against tongue, lips smooshed together, braking only to breathe each other in.
Some time later...
Head now thrown to the side, Sherlock moans encouragement.
Sherlock barely has to think before he replies, "Magpie" John giggles, "So you're saying birds don't do it for you."
John hears Sherlock's breath catch, so he asks, "You alright, Love?"
, the jam splatters
John grabs a pillow and Sherlock eagerly bends his knees and lifts his bum off the bed. Pillow safely ensconced, Sherlock draws his legs up to his chest. He hears the cap on the slick flip open and waits impatiently for John to get into position.
Normally, John loves this bit, watching Sherlock, animated, with bright eyes. But he's been up for two days and the let-down is starting. He yawns hugely.
Sherlock lights up even more, asks eagerly, "Can we do that now, John? I want you to...come, too, this time."
John pulls out the tiniest bit, and pushes back in, going couple centimetres. Sherlock moans at the thrill of being slowly filled.  He nods, so John does it again.
Finally, Sherlock's body relaxes around him. John, voice gone deep into baritone, asks, “You ready?”
Then John's tongue is going in and that's exquisite, has Sherlock moaning John's name explosively. John changes his pattern to broad laving and pointed penetration.
“John, more,” breathes Sherlock.
Sherlock is shuddering in earnest now.
Sherlock frowns, “But you've been fingering me often.”
“When were you going to say something?”
Sherlock has one arm curled into his own chest, one over John's arm, splayed forcefully on John's back. Overcome in the moment, Sherlock inches a leg over John's for more leverage and starts to thrust in earnest into John's hand.
John resumes the interrupted lick, and reaches up with his right hand to stroke Sherlock's erection from the root to corona, fingers skating over the slippery tip.
John grunts his acknowledgment, just to make Sherlock moan. The next time pushes in, he goes to the next knuckle.
Sherlock turns around until his face is nearly buried in John's stomach. John huffs out a breath and waits to see what Sherlock with say, if he will say anything at all, if he will change the subject.
Sherlock tightens his fingers around John's hand.
John retaliates by sucking the tip of Sherlock's dick into his mouth. Sherlock moans, focuses, and happily imitates John's actions. This, too, is familiar, following John's lead in the bedroom.
John interrupts enthusiastically, “-I'd love to.”
is out of milk. It's the grey of early, early morning or late, late night, he hasn't been keeping track. He's just woken up, muzzy from sleep
John does it again a few times, going in infinitesimally farther every time, to get Sherlock relaxed and ready. He withdraws completely to put on more slick, and then in he goes again. This time when John pushes his finger back in, it goes deeper, and Sherlock makes a closed mouthed whining noise. He's so far gone, gasping his breaths already, hands fisted in sheet, head thrown to the side, eyes closed. John moans at the sight of what he's doing to Sherlock and pushes deeper. When he's finally, gloriously all way in Sherlock is squirming slightly.
Inside, John wonders, Since when does Sherlock have a lisp? John moves away slightly and says, “You have to help me hold you open then, Love.” Sherlock reaches down with his trembling left hand and takes his bum cheek from John.
By now John knows that Sherlock thinks of him in a sexual, too. So the next time it happens, he phones Sherlock up. Sherlock answers, sounding a tiny bit out of breath to John's knowledgeable ears. John doesn't even say hello back, just starts in.
Now, John sees the problem. "Hmm. Well, you know I'm not good at this sort of thing, talking." Pause. But I
By tomorrow all of the Yard will be buzzing with this new conformation, many bets cashed in. John finds he's glad.
After a pause when John figures Sherlock is done talking he says, "Thank you, Love. So I assume that means you know what you like? That you can guide me? That is of course, if you liked it? The wanking, and the...fingers?"
"What do you mean?"
"I keep doing that, speeding up slightly."
Then, Sherlock shifts a bit to look into john's eyes and says, "Kingfisher"
John smiles a quiet smile, full of love and says gently, “Of course I would, Sherlock.”
Sherlock leans his forehead on John's good shoulder waits to calm a bit before he says "I want to though. Here, now. Just not like that."
Doesn't bother with anesthetic
Sherlock shyly smiles back, lips curling in little swirls at the corners. They stay like that for a couple minutes, a litany of looks. Finally, Sherlock lifts his chopsticks and grabs a bite out of John's carton. John giggles, and goes back to eating, this time around a grin that won't go away.
Sherlock nods faintly, enjoying the attention. John continues, “Love, I need to pull out. Do you want me to wait?” Sherlock pauses to catalogue the input from his spent and tired body. His voice is a hoarse whisper when he replies, “Go ahead”
John smiles. I'd like to sit here by you. Is that alright?" Sherlock looks relieved, "Yes, John. That would be perfectly 'alright'."
"Hey" John says, still groggy and humid from sleep.
A new guy, standing next to him, leers, "Up late with your girlfriend?"
Sherlock frowns in concentration, thinking. “What if we...tap each other on the leg?”
"Alright then, do you want me to be the big spoon?" John guesses.
Eventually, Sherlock masters the art of a snog-and-grope without coming in his pants.
He gives himself time to adjust and catch his breath, before continuing, “Alright. I'm alright.” John wiggles his fingers inside Sherlock, barely brushing his prostate, making him exclaim “OH! JOHN!” John grins ferally, groans out “Sher,” and does it again.
"Spoon?" Sherlock inquires.
"Well, I am gay."
with his arms around his knees
He pulls out all the way and slicks up his impressive erection. Then, bracing himself with his good arm, he covers Sherlock's body with his own, grounding him, making him shudder.
When John makes no sign of moving, Sherlock continues, “I want to now, John.”
The next time up, John does move his mouth away from Sherlock, just long enough to ask “Is it ok if I...” and thrusts a tiny bit in-between Sherlock's legs.
Eventually, John moves on, back to gentle kisses, across Sherlock's clavicle, down his sternum. He pauses again, this time to suck Sherlock's nipple between firm lips. Sherlock gasps, surprised at the sharp bolt of pleasure. John moves his mouth, only to go to Sherlock's other nipple, earning him another gasp. When he pulls away, Sherlock whimpers in disappointment.
Sherlock is keyed up, almost there.
Sherlock is a glorious sight underneath John, shivering, sweating, chest heaving, head arched to the side, and John hasn't even begun to properly move yet. He moans Sherlock's name and waits.
John wakes to the sight of a naked, hard, Sherlock, face lit up from his phone as he reads. They both sleep nude these days, Sherlock says it simpler to have morning sex that way. John knows Sherlock loves to do things after he wakes up, but he suspects that Sherlock also likes waking up to John's erection.
"How to pleasure you." Sherlock says, shyly triumphant.
"Oh. Well then. Right." John smiles a goofy grin down at Sherlock, whose return smile is soft and unsure. "When did you...?" John trails off.
John assures him, "Always, Love, always."
John immediately stops and pulls away slightly, steadying Sherlock as he rocks a little in John's embrace. Sherlock quickly continues, each word punctuated with a shuddering breath, "It. was. so. much. I. nearly. came."
When Sherlock is finished, there is a comfortable lull in the conversation. He turns his head to look at John, does one of his quick once overs, sees John's interest in other matters, and smiles. “John.
, to why it's so important. Milk, empty
Sherlock thinks distantly, before they're back at it.
“Isn't that what we've been doing?” John asks, voice baritone, at the bottom of his register.
a bit new to this, I mean, I haven't had any experience with...men. Not for lack of want, just..." Pause "...I don't see any difference between this and any other relationship. Just maybe we'll go a bit slower than some" Pause. "You're important to me, Sherlock, this..." he gestures his free hand to encompass their togetherness, "...is important to me, Love." He takes and lets out a breath.
Sherlock wavers out, "Hold me?"
John pauses in mid suck. His body has already picked up what Sherlock is saying because John's dick twitches and is suddenly, impossibly more hard. Then his brain kicks in. He pulls his off to ask Sherlock if he's sure, if he's ready, but then thinks
"I brush against your prostate, gentle, teasing."
Sherlock thinks for a moment and nods, saying quickly, "I like it. Very much so, it's just... It's making me want things..." He runs out of words.
John comes while watching Sherlock's violent pleasure, as they each stripe their own stomachs with pearl. Or in Sherlock's case, also part of his chest, and even an errant curl.
So john curls his finger up ward, making Sherlock whine deep in his throat.
"It might also help me finish before we've started" Sherlock says, and he voice is bass and gravel.
Used flannels safely thrown in the direction of the hamper, Sherlock crawls back to where John is now sitting and plops down by him. Both smiling goofily, they link hands. John starts to talk about what he's going to do that day. Sherlock interjects, they go back and forth, and it's business as usual.
That's all it takes, Sherlock comes around his fingers, trilling his orgasm. John waits until Sherlock's breathing has slowed. "Sherlock. Oh, Sherlock. We need to do this in person very soon." Sherlock smiles, speaking for the first time, "On my way."
"You and Irene. You were upset after..."
“Alright, Love,” agrees John. “Ready?”
"Morning, John," Sherlock grins crookedly back.
, he thinks,
"What, John?"
John starts to stretch at bit, and the second thing he notices is Sherlock's erection as it brushes his. Sherlock gasps, eyes going wide. Then his smile becomes even, curling at the corners, and he looks at if he just discovered something wonderful.
"Boyfriend, actually," John says crisply. He turns, Sherlock's name a litany on his lips, and takes one of Sherlock's still upraised hands to kiss. Sherlock only blushes a moment, gives John a look of gratitude, and once John releases him, continues gesturing and deducing.
He mentally shakes himself, surmises, “And you've brought it up now because I’ve just taken a shower. Some people feel more comfortable with the process if they've recently bathed.”
John pulls his mouth almost all the way off, licking around the head, then sucks his way back down. Sherlock moans again, this time a drawn out “Johhhhnn.”
John only pulls away when Sherlock is moaning into his mouth. Then, he starts a trail of kisses starting from the corner of Sherlock's lips, down his jaw, to his neck. John pauses to suck small bruises there, making Sherlock moan and buck.
John grins, "I'd like that."
Sherlock's hands are moving in complicated patterns as he deduces at Lestrade.
But then he remembers he was sitting
When John gets to Sherlock's penis, he sucks a kiss on the tip. Sherlock is squirming now underneath him. John's voice has gone baritone when he growls “Hold your self open for me?” Sherlock shudders from the command in John's voice and does as asked, hands moving to the sides of his bum. John gently sucks a litany of kisses across Sherlock's erection and down his perineum, stopping just before his pucker.
Sherlock takes John pause as him trying to figure out a way to say no. Crestfallen, he starts, “If you don't want-”
It's after Mary, after all the death and the grief. The harsh words and forgiveness. They're home again. Home again. John's finally home again. It's after a case, and they're both high on adrenaline and humor. Bass rumble and lilting giggle. The ease of their renewed camaraderie. It's all a bit intoxicating, like a shot of whiskey, a nicotine patch on pale skin.
John continues his method for a bit, before Sherlock moans a drawn out word into his own arm. It takes John a couple of seconds to figure out his name, muffled as it was. Then Sherlock moves his head a little and moans something else, “I neeeeeed. Johhhhhhhn. Touuuuuuch meeeee? Pleeeeeeeath.”
John cottons on, asks, "What, now?"
Sherlock shivers both at John's tone and his assessment. He's known since John pulled rank at Baskerville that he likes John showing dominance. Although he'd used it in some of his fantasies of John, he didn't know how much he enjoyed it until earlier when John did it to him. Now, seeing dominant and assured John, well, if he wasn't so wrung out already, he might be very interested in repeating some things. As it is, he struggles to regain even breaths again, and smiles at John. John smiles back. They stay there for awhile, talking, before going about their day.
Sherlock looks back up, into John's eyes, love and wonder shining through. "You asked how long," he says but doesn't go on.
All in a rush, words run together, Sherlock says, “I'dlikeyoutomoveinwithme.”
Blinks, and carefully, carefully
. Glass everywhere and it looks like blood on the floor
John gladly moves, pulling almost all the way out, to push slowly but firmly back in. Sherlock cries out, “JOHN!” John goes to still his hips but Sherlock cries out again, “NO DON'T THTOP!” John listens and keeps the slow pace.
"I add a third finger, brushing your prostate on every pass."
John grins, eyes lighting up. He loves Sherlock, loves all they've done and continue to do. But he has a special place in his heart, and his fantasies, for anything they do for the first time. Sherlock is always hyper-sensitive at first, before he becomes used to the new feelings of something. And John has longed to do this for a long time, since before they began this new phase in their relationship.
. "Sherlock, Love, I'm so sorry. When I said earlier that I'm a cock, I meant it. I was so sure you didn't fancy me. I was so afraid you'd find out how I felt about you and. Yeah. So I denied that side of me, hid behind saying 'I'm not gay', so no one would find out that I was sometimes attracted to men. That I was attracted to you." Time for John's voice to go small when he finishes, "That I loved you."
When John's fingers finally bottom out to the last knuckle he curls his fingers, and Sherlock arches his back, his heaving chest going sky wards.
Sherlock lifts his head up to look John in the eyes, urges, “Go on.”
In answer, John puts a hand on the back of Sherlock's head and starts to kiss him again. He begins slow, but builds until they're back up to enthusiastic. Sherlock is so into it that he doesn't notice John pull his other hand away from his back to grab the cushion and place it next to them on the couch.
sets the carton on the counter.
Sherlock laughs ruefully.
"John," Sherlock replies, turning toward him and putting his phone down. "You're awake, good. I've been doing some reading."
John's smile widens, "'Kingfisher' it is. What's your slow-word, then?"
John gently slips out, leaving Sherlock to whine brokenly at the emptiness.
"You start to rock against my fingers."
Just that for a bit, then, on the upswing, Sherlock raises John's first to rub the tip of his precome laden dick. That makes Sherlock exclaim, "Oh!" so John does it again. Sherlock speeds up John's hand slightly, then let's go. "Just." pant, pant, "Do that again." John does, rubbing Sherlock's glans with the soft part in the center of his palm.
"Do you want me to..." he looks down at Sherlock's dick and back up, finishes, "...it might help you relax."
. The glass shatters s
Sherlock makes a tiny mewling sound of frustration and need, and only then, finally, does John dip in, just slightly and then stop in that position while Sherlock's arse hole flutters a bit. It's Sherlock's body trying to resist, but the rest of Sherlock trying to open for John.
"Hoo, well. We have some things in common here. I fancied you almost from the beginning. But I think, It must've been when I was given my cane after we ran across London. I wanted to kiss you then, you know. I was breathless with more than running, I think. You were laughing, and all I could think about was pressing into up against the wall and kissing you. But, back to your question, I think when I realized that I was in love with you was when the sniper dots appeared on you at the pool. That scared me more than being in that bomb did."
“Love,” John starts, but Sherlock cuts him off, “I've got this. I'm just...” He tries again, makes it to standing, and totters on long shaky legs to the loo.
Not long after that and Sherlock hips start to move in an unconscious motion. John stops pumping his arm, instead moving his own hips to Sherlock's rhythm.
Confused, John starts to say, “I already live here.” He gets as far as, “I...” before his fatigued brain figures out that Sherlock meant his room, not the flat.
When he doesn't go on, John prompts, "About?"
When he doesn't say anything else, Sherlock looks at him hopefully.
Sherlock realizes what's been happening. He blushes three colors, embarrassed, but unable to do anything but wait for John to continue.
Sherlock mimics, and clicks.
Then, John's fondling him. He follows that lead, and takes John into his hand, rubbing slowly from bottom to tip. John huffs a breath on his erection, making his shiver. He hadn't known John's face was that close.
So john adds a third finger. Just as John is brushing his fingers once more on, and now around, Sherlock's prostate, Sherlock starts coming.
John takes a minute to just look, watching Sherlock's arsehole shake. He deliberately breathes on it, watches it purse as Sherlock makes a noise above him. John does it again, then gently touches the tip of his tongue to the middle. Sherlock's air leaves him and rushes back in. John smiles hungrily, and his tongue is back, this time as a firm lick from bottom to top. Sherlock makes a strong noise, some where between a moan and a word.
John pulls off to lick a broad stripe from root to tip. Sherlock moans, does the same to John, who makes a low pleasure noise.
Out-loud he says, "Thank you, John...I love you." Saying I love you is still new enough that he is a bit shy to say it. He's still used to before, when he thought he would only ever get to think it. He's shy to say many things to John. But he'll find his way
“Doctor Watson,” Mycroft interjects, just before John steps away. “If your plan is to hurt my brother, I urge you to reconsider your journey”
After a moment, Sherlock moves. Carefully shapes long limbs against John’s own, rests his head on the fleshy part between John’s shoulder and pectorals.
Lestrade is on his way, and the ambulance is on its way, and John’s
“Looks okay,” John says, much quieter. “Doesn’t need stitches”
Sherlock has to bite his own lip, eyelids dropping closed of their own accord as the hand at his chest slips one of his shirt buttons open. He breathes though his nose as John untwines their fingers and frames his face instead, beckoning his gaze upwards. Sherlock meets those honest eyes and tries to reflect the longing he finds there, to show consent with the parting of his lips because words will not come.
Sherlock nods even though he definitely isn’t okay, knowing he’d be in even greater distress if John were to move away. God if he could just have a few of the definitely illegal pills secreted below them, the pain could be ignored and the resulting damage could wait until afterwards. He can’t though, so Sherlock focuses on the whispers of kisses John is placing on his chest, avoiding the purpling skin spanning his right side, lips barely there but enough to make him arch up involuntarily for more.
“No, I don’t think so” John whispers, voice rough and quiet against the shell of Sherlock’s ear.
It really isn’t even a case at all. If not for the clientele, Sherlock would have downgraded it to a zero. Mycroft had been pushy, though, refusing to send Scotland Yard after the assailant in order to protect the client’s identity. The unfortunate man who lost his Grandmother’s heirloom in an ill-advised game of strip poker is one of his brother’s colleagues, someone with a high ranking government position that Sherlock hadn’t cared enough to pay attention to, and a desire to keep his predilection for gambling and younger men out of the papers. The older Holmes was lucky it had been a slow week. Straightforward cases of theft don’t usually interest Sherlock at all. The only persuasive element had been John’s unusual willingness to take part, the hand that had trailed slowly up Sherlock’s arm and then his waist, the living room blurring into white noise.
, I’m close” Sherlock confirms, biting down on his own lip to stem the noises tumbling from his mouth.
“Forgive her, right, yeah of course”
John doesn’t look back, takes a deep inhale before he opens the door, the warm air startling. He takes the stairs two at a time to the bathroom, where he cleans the evidence from his shirt and throws cold water on his face.
is, or at least what form it will take, but John knows he doesn’t want to hear it. Not in this moment of jeopardy, not with his very existence evaporating into nothingness with every passing second. If he’d ever imagined declarations between them, it was never under the threat of death. So many times they’ve managed to avoid it, laugh it away or brush it off, their goodbyes becoming recycled and infinite.
“When you said you remembered the good bits –“ John asks the door quietly, his back to Sherlock, fingers paused on the handle.
And what it is, isn’t shit anymore. Not perfect either, but certainly better than the gut twisting pit of emptiness John had been in the last time those words were spoken. Miles away from his shameful adultery and Sherlock’s fragile broken body. They are those men still, and also not at all, shaped by a shared past and separate wounds. They have been healing, and the path of absolution has led them to this.
Something on Sherlock’s face obviously tells John not to push any further, and he busies himself in the kitchen making tea. Tiny needles poke at Sherlock’s skin, the flesh around his healing wound itchy and slightly on fire. There are far superior chemical solutions hidden under the floorboards in his bedroom, ready and waiting to steal away every ounce of ache, both in his body and his head. The problem is Sherlock can’t forgive himself anymore. Finds his own comfort is no longer a reasonable excuse to deceive John, no matter how nauseating being around him currently is.
John is an addict so he knows that having a taste of something is much worse than abstinence, yet he can’t help himself. Sherlock had been right there, turning him by the shoulder with his eyes crystal and honest –
Darkness is swiftly creeping over the forest. They’d driven nearly an hour to find the place, a clearing in the middle of some woodland, lit by strings of yellow globe lights. Pretty, but not really efficient with afternoon turning to early evening around them. The few people who had been hovering around browsing had already made their choices and left long ago, leaving just the two of them and the bored looking old security guard sitting in a booth at the entrance.
He gestures to Sherlock’s open robe, clearly the victim of some spilt experiment, and the creased white shirt beneath it that clings to an underfed stomach.
The other man clears his throat, noticing Sherlock’s grip on the back of his chair.
“Right” John says, handing the bottle back. “If you say so”
And yeah, fuck, he’s married and he’s having a child and at the end of it all he loves Mary, innocently and irreversibly. But this, whatever this need is that he and Sherlock hold inside them it’s on a different level of existence, it’s in a different heart to the one that still wants to cradle Mary’s warm treacherous body close during the night, it’s singular and bold and could burn through every life they have both had, every breath John’s lived and every one that Sherlock’s saved.
the crime scene, and the evidence instead was not under the fingernails of a corpse, but in the tiny flecks of Semtex on Sherlock’s cuticles, where he had ripped death from John’s chest so violently.
Something breaks across the shadows of John’s cheeks and mouth, his bottom lip trembling slightly as he wets it out of habit. They’re caught in this endless loop of nearly, almost reaching the pivotal point of no return before their self-sabotage tricks them into retreat. But the lure of it is so beguiling now that Sherlock no longer wants to back away, cannot imagine another hour, never mind seven more years, of this. Yet it’s John, who needs to take the chance. It’s John now, who must step to the edge of the roof and hope Sherlock is there down below. It can’t be any other way, because Sherlock isn’t strong enough to suffer the fall, anymore.
The door clicks gently closed, Sherlock’s mind swiftly following.
“And what exactly
“Give me your hand”
It’s a rare thing that Sherlock is beaten -
“Hey, don’t I know you?” The blonde calls, now walking their way. “You’re –“
“On a – Sorry, what?”
“Oh, okay”
Everything in this period is pale, scrubbed out as if someone has plastered the billboard of his mind one too many times, and nothing is sticking anymore. The distance between them grows, and only the small plump feet of a tiny child fills the gap. They smile for her even when they don’t want to. Gradually layers of John peel away until it’s just naked loss and exhaustion. A sickness that settles now because their puzzles have all been solved, and his wife is still dead.
John’s voice isn’t his own, it’s coming from someone else surely, tangled there in the back of his throat.  It sounds weak and scared, torn between want and actuality.
In every scenario he’s run through, this never happens. It always takes something heated and cataclysmic to force the dominoes to tip, but never is he the one to push them over. John doesn’t flinch at the contact like Sherlock’s models all predict. He doesn’t shrug him off or spin around in distaste, even though this touch is quite clearly different. In fact, John doesn’t do much of anything at all except breathe, leaving Sherlock clueless and cold and stepping out into no man’s land completely unarmed.
John wants to say. But they have no time and the longing reverberating from Sherlock’s mouth is too absorbing, every feeling focusing like tunnel vision onto the soft meeting of skin.
He stumbles, closes his eyes and tries another circulation of oxygen. Restarts.
It’s much less difficult without eyes on him. Sherlock can almost suspend belief just enough that this could be in his head. The last year has been an out of body experience. He’s sure most of the important parts of himself are still at Musgrave, smeared on rough headstones and secreted away at the bottom of a well. Perhaps this is just the tail end of a particularly long and lucid drug binge. Being close to death and unable to claw back to the present, is much easier than justifying his open mouth against John’s neck. Simpler than explaining why his nails are digging into the already hurting skin stretched across John’s abdominals, why his entire body is shivering to be touched back.
John’s eyes scan the kitchen, comically wide and disbelieving at the sight in front of him. Dishes and utensils fill every possible space, each ring on the hob heats a pot, bubbling away and creating the most delicious smells. There’s a large goose roasting in the oven, the skin crisping away under golden light. Cranberry sauce sits in a delicately painted bowl, and even that looks homemade. And there’s Sherlock, in a red apron, icing the top of a chocolate log with white zig zags.
John cocks an eyebrow his way as if his solution to their problem is completely ordinary. That what he’s suggesting is perfectly reasonable, despite the twenty-six facts to the contrary Sherlock already has in his head. It’s ludicrous and ridiculous. Absurd and dangerous.
It will be over too fast and John wishes he could slow it down, that he had the strength, the conviction to take Sherlock to his bed and lay his body down - but the fast and lusty drive of it makes it easy, makes it less difficult to imagine that this is three years ago and Mary doesn’t exist, that they’ve just got back from a case and there’s takeaway going cold in the living room because they’re too exhausted and high on adrenaline to eat. For these precious moments of sin John can imagine they’re both slightly younger and less broken, with nothing hanging between them but tension and bare flesh.
Annoyingly the car is completely comfortable, and John finds himself falling asleep in the heated back seat, Rosie already in another world entirely.
He hears rather than sees Sherlock’s eye roll at his dated tech, stepping a little closer to be in the circle of white light the man’s iPhone projects.
, sometimes”
“My right side” Sherlock finally replies, whispered between them. “Under my rib. Small blade, I think”
Another sinew of reality snaps, and Sherlock hears a noise come from the back of his throat as if it isn’t his own. Whatever overgrown tangle of denial and excuses that used to be between them has been slowly clipped away. Through the suffering and depletion, the time spent apart, the pull has become undeniable. They are both older, both worn and empty, and the energy required to keep the play going has been drained. Sherlock just wants to give in.
John moves back in on a Saturday. Sherlock just sits in his chair and watches it happen, unable to move for fear of scaring him off again.
Those words are so faint and desperate, disappearing easily between them. John feels them sink into his skin, taint his pores with every single unsaid thing they’ve always known. All the time they have wasted, thinking there were endless moments to be had. Perhaps he could play ignorant to Sherlock’s request, pretend he doesn’t know what he’s asking for. Except, he can’t, because John wants to ask for it, too.
More noises are spilling from his lips as he claims Sherlock’s mouth with fervour, swallows the shadows of denial, the ghosts of his former self trying their best to make him back away – and presses their naked bodies together. Almost dies, right there, when deep moans tumble into his ears and shoulder as Sherlock begins to rock forwards against his hip.
“Um,” John rolls his lips together, wondering how to ask two people he’s only met once if they’ll look after his daughter while he treks up a hill in the burgeoning snow to confess his feelings to their son.
He heads out of the door, Rosie’s muffled giggles filling the corridor downstairs as he grabs his coat and leaves. The night is dark and all encompassing. Sherlock lets it take him, and wishes for dawn to return swiftly.
Maybe he’s not entirely sure what
“Don’t be ridiculous, John” He says, a small smile creeping on his lips, obviously happy with his efforts. “I watched some YouTube”
“I remember the good bits” Sherlock interrupts quickly, drugged brain unable to filter the okay things he’s allowed to say, from the not so good things he should keep to himself.
Annoyed to be alive yet still mentally trapped six feet underground? Frustrated, that he can’t instantly bury himself in work as some distraction from everything they’re now pretending didn’t happen, any resolution he thought may finally be in reach now dying slowly in the claustrophobic confines of a wooden box.
“John” Sherlock can’t help himself now, sounds embarrassingly hungry in John’s sure grip. “Don’t stop”
“This is – “ John runs his hand over the nearest barrel, his fingers becoming coated in a fine dust.
John feels the electricity pooling in his belly and sparkling along his skin, pulls Sherlock as close as possible by the corners of his coat as everything spills over the edge and he comes hard into his hand. There’s too much feeling and John can’t distinguish one wave of pleasure from the next, letting it dance through his nerves and shake down his body.
Reluctantly, they step out onto the street. John’s not exactly sure what to do next.
Without really considering the consequences, Sherlock reaches down, stretches that little bit too far towards John’s hips. The shock of pain in his abdomen forces his eyes open and an angry sound from the back of his throat, hitting his head back against the pillow in utter frustration. John screws his eyes shut against the noise, stilling his hand for a moment as he opens them and looks down at Sherlock with remorse.
With that, John grabs both of his arms and Sherlock allows his torso to be turned, now facing the room with his back against the black leather booth. John swears again and swiftly changes position, swinging one of his legs over Sherlock’s knees, so he’s straddling him in the seat. The movement is so quick that he almost falls right off again, so Sherlock grabs a fistful of his absurd t-shirt, his other hand gripping the space below John’s armpit, as he attempts to steady himself using Sherlock’s shoulder.
The doctor doesn’t answer, too busy running cold water over the rope burns on his wrists.
Whisky would be good right about now. Except John’s not supposed to be chasing beers with spirits anymore, or finding comfort in the bottom of a glass. His new and thoroughly vetted therapist keeps warning him that particular combination is not the answer. John’s not so sure she knows what she’s talking about most of the time – it’s in his genetics after all, a long bloodline of destruction and self-pity, and if there’s one thing he’s good at, it’s repeating past mistakes. John’s predictable, and apparently only wants things that are bad for him. They talk about it a lot, the terrible secret things he wants for himself.
“Can’t sleep, then” Sherlock says after a moment, and the deep baritone scratch of his voice tells John he’s not used it for hours. “You look terrible.”
“He’s called Loki” Rosie announces, laughing as the aforementioned pup plants sloppy kisses all over Sherlock’s face.
“I hope you intend to get under here too”
“Do you not remember –“ John starts, eyebrows rising towards his forehead again in trepidation.
“I was just –“
Sherlock looks but he does not really see, in the vast darkness, how stars could mean things other than brightness and science and worlds far from their own (with his back against the chilled grass, damp seeping through his thick wool coat, and it’s surely already wetting the plane of John’s spine, next to him, shoulder to shoulder).
Suddenly he’s outside and there’s pavement, cold concrete to the side of his head and his knees, a ringing in his ears and so many people, suddenly, getting red on their shoes from the steadily expanding pool of blood stemming unreal and too fast from Sherlock’s broken head - and John has to bow his own head, now, in the kitchen of 221B and nearly three years later, standing before the man that was lost and given back and nearly taken from him again. He feels hot prickling behind his eyes and screws his them tight shut against the whole thing, presses his knuckles into the table and concentrates all his strength on the feel of wood against the grooves of his skin, of solid reality instead of blurry sick fictions. And he feels the guilt as if he were the one who pulled the trigger, as if Mary’s hands are his own and they’re bound together - they are, by law and gold, by stretched love and the DNA creating new life for them to shape.
“I can see that” Sherlock tries to say, though it comes out a broken whisper.
Somewhere outside a siren goes past, distant and meaningless; a floor below Mrs Hudson sleeps or wakes or sits in the middle of a soother induced coma, many streets away Mary palms the naked bump of her belly with her eyes screwed tight shut and miles and miles away from them people live and die and burn through their time - but none of it reaches John, none of it ever really has, since Sherlock. Nothing so bright or so painful has he ever felt.
“Let’s get you into bed, yeah?” John asks, and any response from Sherlock is lost in the slow press of lips against his own.
Sherlock asks over the rim of his own glass, knocks it back in one and winces with the force of it. John accepts the challenge and downs his own, too tired and worn from the constant friction of revelations to much feel the burn of it. The question doesn’t come as a surprise, as such, but John had wanted to be the one asking, not giving out answers he doesn’t have.
“My entire life, I thought you were the only one, that I was – incapable. That I was –”
“Are you sure,” John’s trying to be good, so acutely aware of the line he’s erasing for the both of them with his fingers travelling to Sherlock’s thinly clothed ribs. “You don’t have to –“
The noise from John’s mouth is too ugly to be considered laughter, the self-loathing plain as he draws air into his lungs.
It’s relatively easy to navigate through the next couple of rooms, tracing their path back to the central staircase. The furniture is sparse and Sherlock’s iPhone beam is unnecessarily bright, but John stays glued to him regardless. Smoke clings to the threads of Sherlock’s coat and John can’t complain at the comforting smell of it, uses most of his effort to refrain from burying his nose in the lapels. Really he should be more shocked by that desire, yet in the darkness with the slight blurriness of whisky running through his blood, John finds that he isn’t at all.
do all of Sherlock’s dirty work for him. So he sits and waits and climbs the walls while the man wears the carpet out, muttering to himself and running mad fingers through his hair, and
Sherlock’s parents really are too lovely to be true. At first it had fascinated John that two seemingly ordinary and socially confident people had produced a self-confessed sociopath and whatever the hell Mycroft is. But then the more time he’d spent around them that Christmas all those years ago, the more of Sherlock he’d seen in his father’s soft eyes and mother’s sharp humour. Their nurturing had obviously broken through somewhere along the way, amid heartache and loss.
Poised between those long fingers is a caramel slice, his favourite, stolen from the Christmas buffet. Under normal circumstances, John would wonder how long it’s been sat in the man’s pocket for, but right now he couldn’t care less.
“Sherlock” John replies, kisses the dip where Sherlock’s nose meets his cheek.
The corner of John’s mouth upturns briefly, and he nods. Hums and tightens the towel at his waist, while Sherlock abandons his and slips beneath the duvet.
Sherlock watches as John scans the room for alternatives, eventually spotting a bored looking man carrying a tray of shots. There’s some exchange of words and money that Sherlock can’t really make out, distracted by the hand John cups around the server’s shoulder in order to bring him close enough to hear. He takes the two tiny plastic cups that are handed to him, one pink and another such a vibrant green Sherlock wonders if it’s actually consumable.
A child, he thinks. His son. His daughter.
“That’s something, then” Sherlock says quietly, wishing he could adjust the bag of morphine hanging just out of reach.
“John –“
During the summer, cases wear thin. Either people just aren’t getting murdered or kidnapped or Greg is just forgetting to tell them. John comments that perhaps it’s on purpose, as he fastens Rosie into her pushchair and makes for the door. Sherlock refuses to believe Lestrade is clever enough to orchestrate a cover up on that scale, but he concedes that things are too quiet. Those weeks of stagnation are the worst, finding excuses to see each other without work to do becomes more difficult, but neither give up.
As soon as they get into the main room, Sherlock finds it difficult to breathe. There’s smoke everywhere that he assumes is supposed to be atmospheric, strobe lighting and random spotlights doing nothing to help him make sense of the room. The bar is straight ahead though, and John’s already halfway there, apparently far more used to weaving his way through crowds of dancing men than Sherlock is.
Every minute and second, John’s been trying to reason it out in his head. They’ve always flirted the way only best friends can, teetering around the concept of anything more and being fine with that, because everyone else already assumed it was. His reliance on Sherlock is complicated and so wrapped up in all the unbelievable things they’ve been through together, that it’s sometimes hard to tell which feelings are fiction. Forty odd years of knowing himself and the thought of wanting his mouth on every inch of Sherlock’s masculine body is still surprising. But he does. He does, and that scared trembling
There it is, his name, finally.
“Brilliant,” Lestrade smiles all the way to his eyes, and Sherlock almost wants to smile back. “He lives to fight another day”
Exactly Sherlock’s point. No longer is John the unattached bachelor, his only responsibility the Browning in his pocket. He has flesh and blood of his own to take care of, his and his alone to protect. Rosie, the bright precious star they both orbit, the gravity that keeps them tethered. The body he is healing is needed, and Sherlock will not be responsible for the death of another Watson.
As soon as Sherlock relents, John feels blood ooze from the wound again, fresh and warm on his fingertips as he presses cotton to it. It’s deeper than he would have imagined, given Sherlock’s ability to still speak coherently. The pain from it should be enough to steal away his consciousness. Yet the man is awake, breathing rhythmically through his nose and mouth as if he’s done this before. Which of course, he has, more times than John is probably aware of. He bites his own lip and blinks those thoughts away, concentrates instead on applying an even pressure against Sherlock’s ribs.
Maybe John’s lost his fucking mind, or he’s just had too much to drink, Sherlock doesn’t care what the reason is. The case is immaterial with teeth lightly grazing his partly exposed collarbone, John’s fingertips stroking his shirt buttons like he wants to prise them open. Sherlock wonders if he’s thought about this before, if John has wanted this all along or if two years of loneliness was simply painful enough for him to miss something he never had. Because Sherlock did. Craved something, an unnameable thing, a familiar touch as he lay bleeding in a Russian cell or swirling a glass of brandy in one of those forsaken back alley dive bars. A thing like this – John hot and wanting in his lap, rocking into him as if the solution to all their problems can be found in the meeting of their bodies.
“You know what,” John says, small smile bright in the dying daylight. “I wouldn’t say no”
man - he would.
John places the sack of booze he’d been carrying onto the floor, the only space available to him. All day Sherlock has kept him out of the kitchen, shooing him away every time he got within a few feet of the door. Their cottage isn’t exactly small, but John had taken to spending most of the morning outside anyway, putting up last minute Christmas lights above the door and avoiding his tense partner. Only now was he allowed to see behind the velvet curtain, after providing the bottles of alcohol Sherlock had sent him out to get.
He presses his cheek to John’s and waits for a breeze of oxygen, but only a shadow of breath parts the man’s lips. John is leaving, already, without permission, being stolen by the water and lead in his veins.
Sure, he’s only been in therapy a few months, but even a sociopath can spot bullshit from a mile away. And that’s what it is, they both know it. There’s no conviction behind those words, John’s not even doing a good job of persuading himself. Sherlock can feel the muscle under his touch constrict with the deception.
He’s pulled out of his own thoughts by Sherlock’s irritated face, painted in blue glow from the television. John finds he can’t offer anything but a blank expression. He hasn’t heard a word, mind too tied up in the solid press of bone under his fingers.
There are no messages. John taps Sherlock’s name, opens up a blank page and hovers over the keyboard.
He’ll be purple and blue and green tomorrow. The canvas of his neck will be painted all kinds of colours – but John does not mind at all. If everyone knows that Sherlock has had him wet and desperate in the bathroom at Baker Street, then so be it.
The thought of leaving Rosie to wake up again without her dad isn’t a great one. She loves Molly, sure, but John’s trying his best to be a Good Person
“He’s perfect” Sherlock says, standing up to take Rosie in his arms once more. “Thank you, Rosie”
Frankly it’s embarrassing how little it takes. Sherlock twists his wrist cleverly and begins to whisper into the grey of John’s hair. He can’t quite decipher the words but the rough gravel of his voice is enough to set off warm sparks in his belly. Fuck, he’s going to come all over Sherlock’s trousers, yet the thought does nothing to dispel the small filthy sounds dripping from his mouth.
Sherlock manages to smirk even as he begins to feel light-headed, does as he promised and watches John pleasure himself with practised ease. The way the man bites his lip almost sparks want again in Sherlock’s belly, but he fights it away, the need to recuperate more than obvious now. It doesn’t take long before John is nearing the edge, the arm he’s been using to hold himself up all this time starts to shake a little at the elbow.
The fire in his veins intensifies as John closes his eyes briefly and turns away. Sherlock exhales as his body fragments further, shards of it scratching at his corneas and shaking his hands. Perhaps he has underestimated everything he thought he knew about John, that he is wanted by a man who could reasonably have anyone he desires. Too much history there, lingering blame and sugar-coated distaste. Darkness can hide many things, maybe he was only good enough in the light of no other choice.
but it just comes out as rough noise, everything he wants to say trapped somewhere in his gut. Rather more desperately than he means to, Sherlock reaches for that mouth again with his own, finding it hot and open, teeth pulling at his bottom lip as John teases and soothes.
“Fuck,” Is all Sherlock can offer, metal biting at the sensitive skin of his wrists again. “God, John.
John exchanges a look with Sherlock, who appears equally intrigued and worried. Rosie has a habit for surprises, something which has proven both delightful and catastrophic in the past. With that, she rushes back out to the Land Rover, and they both watch from the threshold, Sherlock’s hand on the small of John’s back.
- rushes and tumbles and builds and crashes like a storm kissed wave, breaks down every pore and fills his heart with sea water, salty and pure and like peace. John’s lips taste Sherlock’s jaw, his cheeks, the bridge of his nose and he tries so desperately just to breathe him in, to be part of this man who has saved him, who has
Maybe Sherlock speaks but it’s lost in the scarce graze of his parted mouth against John’s philtrum, and he doesn’t kiss him just yet; John can feel the flesh of Sherlock’s lips against his own like he so wants but cannot taste the inside of his hot desperate mouth because Sherlock’s just pressing himself there and breathing, waiting for something on the edge of a breaking wave - and if it’s a challenge then John’s going to fucking take it.
“No” He says firmly, waiting until Sherlock stops struggling against his grip.
The cab halts and John’s guided out of it by a hand hovering centimetres from the small of his back, he can hear Sherlock’s jacket lapels brush against his Parka, like long grass in a late summer breeze.
“Oh yeah, I can see that”
There’s a lot less running through the streets than there used to be. John rarely has to follow the taller man over railings or walls any more, their trips up to London becoming much less frequent. Yet his old wounds still seem to come back when the weather changes. He notices it in Sherlock too, those icy eyes crinkling with pain any time they have to give a particularly long chase. That bullet shaped scar still haunts them sometimes, the ghost of things long since behind them.
The sound of a loud car engine pulls them apart, smiles breaking out simultaneously as they hear the gravel outside crunch beneath large tyres. Sherlock turns the burners down to simmer on the range, and they both head out to greet her. Cold winter air hits John in the face quite pleasantly, as he watches his somehow grown up daughter walk up the driveway. She carries an armful of perfectly wrapped presents, giant bows and glittery ribbon a stark contrast to the grey dreary day.
For a moment he can’t respond, any kind of reply getting lodged somewhere in his sternum. John’s fingers reach the gathered cotton at his elbows and then drop to his waist instead, slowly counting his ribs. Tiny treacherous goosebumps prickle at the skin beneath Sherlock’s shirt, betraying its interest and lack of human contact. It’s the sharp sound of his own breath Sherlock is next aware of, burning his nose as John wets his own bottom lip with the flat of his tongue.
Mycroft glances out of the passenger window, and John closes his eyes as he realises where Sherlock has hidden himself. A cottage shielded by rolling hills and towering trees, far away from their reality. The man hasn’t gone there for the scenery, either. It’s a purposeful location, one Sherlock knows John does not wish to visit again so soon. There’s a ghost there still, sat in front of the fire waiting for John to determine the story that comes next, the fork in the road that eventually leads to his dead wife.
“Please,” He asks quietly. “John,
“Not so sure he’d approve” Sherlock tries for sarcasm, albeit a bit lost in his strangled breaths.
He thinks it’s probably worth it.
With a finesse he simply shouldn’t have, Sherlock finishes his icing job and puts the piping bag on the table, standing back to admire his work.
“Nothing wrong with the car?” The chef says, pouring a glass of red for John and handing it to him.
John looks at him because that’s what they do, in these situations - in all - they look and take each other wordlessly; and how Sherlock functioned before this, before these eyes meeting his own, he does not know.
“Yeah, you’re right. I think we might need to, um. You know –“ John darts his tongue out again, a sign of both nerves and anticipation. “Do some acting”
“I mean, what can I possibly-”
Maybe he’s psychic, then, because Sherlock’s body stops and his head snaps round as if he’s forgotten where he is, and that John is in fact still breathing, still waiting -
Sherlock chuckles, eyes crinkling with laughter as he takes in John’s widened eyes.
“What should I do,”
Finally scrubbing the lingering smell of earth from his skin feels good. Sherlock’s wash is cedar and sandalwood with an edge of something sweet, and it lathers much better than John’s cheap
John elbows him in the ribs but grins nonetheless. Over the years he’s grown adept at following Sherlock closely, it’s essentially his job at this point, so he has no trouble staying in the man’s illuminated ambit as they move towards the door and into the other room.
