Steve blushes anyway.
Bucky let out an embarrassed chuckle. "You might have kept that detail out, doll." Everyone else probably felt as uncomfortable as he was feeling now though. Except for Steve who was internally laughing at their flustered faces. His eyes met Clint who winked and smiled at him knowingly.
Tony raised his eyes to him and sat up on his knees. "It'll have to be as spacious as the Penthouse. With the same view." He answered, smile dancing on his lips. "And less than a ten minutes walk from here and from your work place. I want to be able to set up my workshop there too."
Tony grinned, all teeth out. "Do you see anyone else in the car?" He said with a mischievous smirk and winked. Steve didn't. "Come on, Rogers. Don't make me beg!" Tony exclaimed, tone amused. "Get in!"
Steve gave him a gentle smile. "What?" He asked tenderly, brushing his knuckles down his boyfriend's stunned face.
"Coffee turned into dinner."
, discovering things about each other. It's different. And we're... It's helped us focus on us, I guess, on our couple, our projects... I mean, we
Tony raises his eyes from behind the menu. "I know." He says gravely, the light mood between them gone in an instant. Believe him, he knows. And suddenly the crestfallen face of Steve comes back from the back of his mind until it's the only thing Tony can see. Everything he had forgotten just a minute ago comes back, crushing him under the weight of his own guilt.
can't fix it. Steve may stay or leave again. Who knows?
intended to get you back and break up your relationship." He husked out nonchalantly, an evil grin spread on his face.
He doesn't even know if that's what James wants, anyway. At the back of his mind he will always wonder. Does he laugh because I'm his alpha, or because I'm funny? Does he care because I'm his alpha? Or because he loves me? If he smiles like this? Is smiling to me? Or to his master?
And seeing the way Steve is currently warmly and welcomingly responding to Loki's very long—and
"It's not like I needed it."
Steve smiles and kisses his lips. "Just be who you are."
Steve had absolutely no excuse. Admittedly, Tony hadn't said anything but if he had paid attention, even just a little bit, he would have noticed. He would have noticed Tony wasn't alpha and he would have noticed he had been trying, so subtly, to ask him out for months now. He felt like shit and he was still in rut and Tony's now so distinctive scent wasn't helping at all. He felt so lost and confused.
The alpha swallows and Bucky feels another flush of slick running out of him. He whimpers. He can't control himself anymore. It feels like a phantom heat.
"Wanna last drink before we go, kid?" Tony wasn't sure where the question came from. He nodded.
"No. You're right. Stark's definitely
cum that will perhaps mingle with Tony's, Bucky feels a flush of slick flowing down his own body. His vision goes blurry. This all rejoices him in the deepest parts of himself.
"Get off of him."
And now...
"Yes, sir." The disembodied voice answered. "I'm at your service. Especially when Mr Stark's health is in jeopardy."
oblivious." He protested, half-dishonestly.
His boyfriend kept silent.
for days so he could just forget, too many thoughts of Steve still bugging him at the back of his mind. He just wanted to chill and numb his brain.  That pervading uneasiness needed to go away.
Clint smiles gently and puts a warm hand on his shoulder. "I wasn't talking about kids anyway... but the two of you, finally tying the knot. When are you gonna propose?"
She turns on her stomach and slips her hand between her legs. The pressure feels good and unnerving. She hates herself a little but she gives in. It's only after the fifth time that she finally falls asleep on her bed, satisfied.
Tony pouted and put them away disappointedly. Steve went back to emptying his cupboards.
Steve opened his mouth offendedly. "That is so untrue."
Having two omegas is a marvelous thing. Every alpha's wet dream. He is one of the lucky ones, he supposes. So few of them are left now. How could he ask for more? He has achieved fulfillment and complete happiness. His life is bliss...
"Certainly, Sir."
it. The omega scent is joyful, appeased and full of hope, filled with unconditional love and unabashed lust. How can Steve still want him?
"It's okay, baby." Steve smoothed. "I'm all in." He said while brushing a hand over his sweaty lower back. He grabbed his hips and started thrusting. Tony was shivering all over. A panting and sweating mess in Steve's hands. The surprise made him lose balance and for a moment he let Steve manhandling him, a dangling puppet in his hands, before getting his bearings back. He didn't protest, nor did he try to escape. He just endured Steve's relentless thwacks holding himself on one hand and gripping his cock with the other to seek his own pleasure.
Never mind his perfect-student image, he felt suddenly tired and depressed and dropped his head on his forearms, sprawling on his table for a few moments. He closed his eyes, thinking about all his efforts, all his hard work, all the pain he had to endure on a daily basis and wondered why he persisted with this nonsense. He wasn't even sure he would be able to afford college anyway. The more he looked at the facts, the more he saw how pointless and ridiculous his dedication was. No matter how he would present, he couldn't see any satisfactory outcome in the end, no matter what.
Steve shrugged and the silence came back, heavy and lingering.
The kiss was soft, languorous. Bucky kissed his lips tenderly and slipped his mellow tongue inside, so sweet and gentle a touch. Steve moaned into his mouths and pulled him into his arms. They were both rock hard.
Tony turned his head on the side, avoiding Steve's stare, smile bitter on his lips. He shook his head, anger still shaking his limbs. "I don't want you to sell your place, Steve!"
They did a quick and desperate job at tearing each other's clothes off. Steve pushed Bucky down on his bed and climbed him. He had the sweet smell of a fertile Omega. Steve was so hard it hurt. He grabbed his ass and lay on top of him. Surreptitiously and surprisingly naturally, he slipped his cock inside the moist warmth of his body. Bucky whimpered and bit his neck. Steve pounded into him, feeling his own slick dripping down his thighs.
Now her home has become unbearable and living here is just intolerable. It's driving her nuts. The omegas belong to the pack alpha and as a lower-ranked alpha, she was fine. She wasn't supposed to take care of them. She would only take what Tony agreed to grant her and that was fine with her. Perfect even. That's all she wanted. Her peace and quiet, and most of all, someone who would keep the omegas away from her.
have time for lunch." Steve snapped and span on his heels angrily, to make a statement.
He ordered another drink and ate one of those delicious petit fours while feeling grim. He stared at Tony again, this time he was talking to a man, grey hair, in his sixties, a distasteful political smile and dishonesty transpiring through his entire demeanor. Steve was glad Tony was in charge of entertaining that kind of men. He would never be able to keep a straight face and smile. He watched how Tony smiled and moved his hands around him and turned away, uninterested. He sipped from his fourth champagne flute and moved from the buffet, decided to find another chatting companion before drinking a fifth one. After all, Steve had now made a name for himself and certainly didn't need his boyfriend to hold his hand in that kind of event. But then he looked at his boyfriend again, because he had a sudden bad feeling. Tony was still talking enthusiastically and smiling politely as the man was taking his hand in a thankful political handshake. There was something wrong with that. Steve wasn't sure what was wrong about it, in appearance the scene looked pretty common for those kind of events. No-one would look twice at it. Except Steve knew his boyfriend, and even down four drinks, he could tell that something was off and the more he saw them interact, the more he felt like he needed to be there. Maybe it was just misplaced jealousy again. But Tony's smile was a little too strained and his movements were a little too wide and he seemed a little too tense. And his eyes were a little too unfocused.
"Don't be stupid. I must have talked to the guy twice since his first day here."
"We need to talk, Tony." Steve continues, voice deep, low in his throat. His tone slightly commanding.
"I'm just meeting friends." Tony choked out, as if the invisible shackle on his neck was effectively strangling him. Why did he feel compelled to justify himself  to Obie?
"Good." Steve said.
"I'm free." Steve felt something fluttering in his stomach. Tony's voice was hoarse and a little tired. "I'm in front of your house."
He took a last drag of his cigarette and climbed in. The door closed and he leant his head against it, not looking at his companion. "Are you gonna take me home?" He asked dully.
Steve dropped his fork in a loud clang and stared at Natasha's belly, jaw-slacked, and at the soft and happy twinkle in her eyes, she looked weary he thought. Then he stared at Sam again, at his grayish temples, at the wrinkles at the corner of his eyes, at the discreet though very proud smile on his lips and wondered how that had happened. And When? And most of all, how was it that he had never heard of this before. Natasha was one of his closest friend, they shared everything. Almost everything. True they hadn't seen each other very often lately but... And Sam, Sam was—Sam was
"Sure, you aren't." Bucky said with a tinge of sarcasm in his voice. He let the silence linger to lured Steve in a false sense of safety before naively blurting out an unexpected. "Stark's cute though."
The kiss was shy at first, hesitating, asking for permission. Steve wished he could have given it but he was too lost in bliss, trying to get back into his own body, for that. Tony felt so amazingly good it was dizzying. He smelled delicious, he tasted so fucking marvelous and the touch of his fingers, gentle and delicate on the skin of his jaw was intoxicating and electrifying.
Steve entered and Tony held him a welcoming hand. "Come." He said while gesturing Steve to follow him inside. The interior of Tony's house was superbly  posh and Steve silently marveled at the works of art that he could see all around him. Tony noticed anyway and chuckled softly. "Shall I give you a tour?"
Tony honestly didn't remember. He probably had more or less suffered from all of these symptoms anyway. He just shook his head silently, hoping she wouldn't push things further. "I'm fine." He finally said.
Everyone seemed weirdly happy, suddenly, to remember how they fell in love.
Tony leads him to the bathroom silently and once there he looks sternly at the omega who pouts uncomprehendingly. Tony remembers how lost he was when he first arrived in the Tower. He remembers how primal and instinctive his reactions were, how wary he was around him. James trusts him completely now. He doesn't resist him and has given himself to him entirely, like an omega should.
With a reading area, a lounging area and a huge TV screen—Steve didn't think there existed bigger screens than the one which was in his own living room but apparently, they did—which was discreetly hanging on one of the wall and could almost be taken for another piece of art. The bookshelves took up entire parts of the walls and gave a cosy, intellectual atmosphere to the room. There were pictures on the walls, to Steve's utter surprise. Pictures of things Tony liked, places he had seen... Of the people he cared about obviously. Pepper, Rhodey of course, often the three of them together, but also his parents and Edwin Jarvis and Happy. People who meant a lot to Tony. And mostly, pictures of
That's the thing with suppressants, to make sure they work efficiently, you need to start taking them in the middle your heat. This meant another heat for Bucky before finally being free. This meant he would need an alpha.
Steve had a moment of confusion and then he took his boyfriend's hand and planted a kiss on the inside of his wrist. "I don't." He said. "I was just surprised. I wasn't expecting this."
"That's not the same thing." Tony insisted. "Nat and I never had feelings for each other. It was just that
Tony chuckled, something wanton flashed through his eyes. He knew exactly the effect he had on Steve right now and that was... not that much embarrassing, considering. Steve ignored it and looked down at his computer. "What e-mail? Are you working on Sundays now?"
Tony raised his head and stared into his eyes. A whole range of emotion flashed through his eyes and he clenched his jaw. In an abrupt gesture, he brutally grabbed Steve's wrist and held him tight, pulling him closer. Steve startled and parted his lips. For a split second he got scared but it soon turned into confusion when Tony didn't do anything else. His grip was strong though, and unbreakable.
Tony still pushes Steve away, hands on each side of him, clutching his bony shoulders. He holds him with strength and determination and pushes his way into Steve's house. Then, with a hesitant smile he grabs a plastic from the floor and holds it preciously between his hands, in Steve's direction. He's all flustered and Steve feels overwhelmed by a surge of affection.
This time it was Steve. He was back from a three days mission, giddy with the adrenaline. The separation from Tony unbearable again. When he sneaked back into the Tower in the middle of the night, the alpha scent was overwhelming. Steve felt dizzy, the smell so strong and heady. He staggered to his floor, seeking refuge in the safety of his nest. Bucky was there, standing at the sink, washing his hands.
"I mean should I go casual, or formal? Steve likes me in my work clothes, I think. At least his eyes seem to say so when I get ready for work. Wait...
Tony can't help feeling overly excited about it. He grins to himself. "And?"
He finally decided to unglue himself from his seat and leave. He pondered telling his friends he was going but decided against it. They would insist to drive him back and he needed to be alone and brood. He conned his way out, deceiving the people who were guarding the entrance, making sure no omegas were leaving by themselves. Stupid rules.
Except he couldn't sleep. Something tingled in his chest, a hint at something, something that stirred anguish in the deepest part of Steve's heart. The scene hadn't been unusual, although peculiar, but there was something a little off about it. And Steve realized he missed his boyfriend, tremendously. And since he couldn't sleep anymore, he jumped out of bed, picked up a button-down sweater in Tony's closet, one that was too big for him but smelt like Tony, and he slid the glass-pane leading to the terrace open.
Steve grimaces and sits back. He sighs, air blown through his nose, but keeps his eyes on Tony, staring menacingly. An unfailing determination in the eerie blue of his eyes. "I'm sorry, Tony." He says with an honest expression on his serious face. "I'm sorry I didn't realize it sooner. I'm sorry that I didn't
Tony huffed out a nervous breath. His shoulders tensed up, Steve recognized the upward movement his shoulder blades made when he shrugged and he abruptly turned around, frowning down at Steve, eyes glaring.
It's almost eight pm. Both him and Felicia are fed and washed up, ready for bed. He's not particularly tired but Felicia needs her sleep. She hasn't asked for either of her parents. Steve is as much of a parent to her as her real parents. She's part of the pack. He's an omega of the pack. He is her sire's mate, his
"Yeah, keep telling yourself that..." Sam said, tone slightly teasing but not mean.
"We'll figure out what we like together..." Tony just said.
On the ride home, Tony pressed himself against Steve, as strong as he could, blanketing him with every part of his body that he could touch him with, but he could still feel the distance that kept pulling them apart. He could still feel his heart race with anxiety. He could still feel the uneasiness grow in his heart, festering in his chest. For the first time, Steve's presence wasn't comforting so he was glad he was still drunk, and high, and that the roaring of the engine lulled him into sleep at some point. But when he woke up again, it felt even worse.
them hurt.
I thought you were busy tonight..."
The pressure of Steve's hand on his arm relaxes and he slips his clammy hand into Tony's. "I miss you, Tony. I miss us."
Steve feels a little sorry for him for a moment, although he really doesn't think those are good reasons for having another pup. He listens to their heartbeat for a while, there're not synchronized for once. Weird.
Steve leant into her touch and sighed. His mum caressed his cheek for a little longer and went back to make breakfast.
"Yeah, well. Don't divorce me then, Stark! 'Cause it's too late for me now. I'm a desperate cause..." It was just meant as a joke but Steve felt a blush creep on his face as the words left his mouth and he saw the expression of his boyfriend soften with hope.
Tony looked disappointed but understanding and Steve wondered what he was expecting from him. Was he that badly in need of a friend? Didn't he have friends of his own, already? How was Steve supposed to be that? When he was unsure about himself?
He looked at her, mortified. "How did you know?" He choked out.
He thought he was better than that. It used to be less lonely. He had known, from the moment he had set a foot in this tower. Before even, in the plane on his way here, when Steve's silent tears kept flowing down his cheeks. Or maybe it was out there, in the freezing cold of that disused Hydra base in Siberia, the moment their eyes met, the moment Captain America's shield broke down the armor. That moment, frozen in space, so short and infinite at the same time. It was then that he understood the invisible and yet so powerful bond that tied the omega to the alpha. Right then and there, he had known he would just be in the way.
Tony's lips unintentionally quirk up. "I'm wasted." He answers, playing with his boyfriend's thin fingers. Steve chuckles against his back and Tony feels the rumble resonate in his entire body.
He threw up again, he
Steve focused on the sound before adjusting his eyes to look at the blinding blue light of the screen.
Natasha interrupted the awkward tension that seemed to be rising between the two of them. "Oooh." She cooed. "Do tell!" Tony turned to her and smiled to her, looking thrilled. He chuckled softly and looked down, blushing a little, and Steve couldn't not find that cute, despite everything.
Tony answered at the first ring. Steve could hear the smile in his voice. "Hi."
from the tip of his tongue, having certainly found the answer on his own with the prodigal warmth of Steve's gaze.
Steve sighed in slight exasperation and closed his eyes to feel his boyfriend's presence even more. "What does it matter as long as we're both happy?" He muttered softly. "You're the one who said that, remember? That it didn't matter if that was love or something else... That it didn't matter if it was real or not, as long as it was real for us. Stop overanalyzing things, babe. What is wrong with you today?"
I always write the same stories... shoot me.
Tony cradles his face in his hand, the other one splayed gently on his shoulder.
Clint's expression softened and he squeezed his husband's hand in silent support. Bucky didn't let his depressing feelings ruin the mood though, instead he turned to Steve. "You remember, Stevie? I think that's the first time you two officially met each other."
He regretted bitterly after only a few yards, when he started retching and gasping for air, his lungs burning as if scorched from the inside. His head started spinning with the lack of oxygen. He fumbled in his pockets and finally found his inhaler before passing out. He took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a few seconds as he felt the medicine work his lungs open. It was just in his head the sensation but that was how he felt it. When he opened his eyes things were less blurry and he could see the school from afar. A black limo was parked at the entrance, quite peculiar, he noted, for the neighborhood they were in, but he didn't dwell on it. He packed in inhaler and resumed running, feeling again the air burning his throat and his ribs constrict as if pressing his lungs until they were useless.
It's not like he wanted to come in the first place. He was busy and the amount of work he's going to have to compensate for the loss of an entire evening is already giving him a headache. He wonders what came over him to suddenly decide he wanted to come after all. It's not like they have to do everything together. They never had, why would things suddenly change just because they live together now?
in your mouth." Steve yelled, voice pervaded with rage and fear. "They wrecked your throat and now you're bleeding. Do you want to catch AIDS?"
anyone. I haven't presented yet, remember? I'm just not interested in sex, like
him. And there was something in Tony that constrained him to lean into the touch and indulge in it. Obie's thick fingers were as bold as to brush the line of his jaw slightly. Tony instinctively parted his lips and gazed up at him, like drawn to him by an invisible force. The man smirked, self-satisfied by the way he had marked Tony as his with such a simple and intimate gesture. He saw in Tony's silently pleading eyes how he would do everything the man had told him to do and snorted before patting the crook of his neck. "Good boy." He said before leaving the room.
"I can never give up on Bucky now." He chokes out, unable to see what Steve offers, unable to accept the hard truth. "He's mine and he'll always be mine, Steve. It's too late for us."
He glanced at his phone quickly but it wasn't Steve. Just his dad's PA. The disappointment almost wore him out. He didn't even read the text. The rest of the afternoon was going to be long.
The gesture surprised him, they usually went straight to work, but he guessed it was different this time. They were in his house, of course he was going to offer him a drink. Tony sat down in front of him, just like always, and wiggled on his chair, trying to find the best position. His smile was so warm and full of promises but indecipherable.
Tony laughed and it somehow relaxed the atmosphere of the room. His eyes were twinkling and something fluttered in Steve's chest. How handsome Tony was at that particular moment, it still unsettled Steve. It still charmed him. Tony had this way to attract everyone's attention, a charisma Steve could hardly compete with. He felt small.
Tony nodded and shrugged, his usual response when he didn't know what to say. Steve stood up as well, overly protective, and followed them. Tony's heart was pounding. What was he gonna say now? He had but a really vague and distorted memory of what had happened to him from the moment he left Obie's car.
It came out on its own. He feels his cheeks heat but it might only be the reflexion of the delicious blush creeping on Steve's face as he looks away embarrassedly, a wide smile on his lips.
Tony. How could you ever relate? You have no fucking idea what it's like to struggle to survive. How can you? You've always had everything you needed."
Things don't go as easy as he has planned however and Steve follows him outside. And he grabs his arm. And Tony gasps and freezes, internally freaking out.
His voice is a little too husky for Tony to remain clear-headed so early in the morning. It tingles at the bottom of his stomach.
I fucking hate my life."
have. Tony had taken Steve's fingers in his warm hand and looked away, still nervous. He had finally shut up though and let Steve be awed by the magnificent view. Steve swiveled on his heels and wrapped his boyfriend into a hug, giving him the most loving kiss he could have. He was happy to be here with him tonight.
He hasn't told anyone of course... Why would he? It's excruciating but he is strong enough, he thinks. He can love them both, from afar. He can be there for them while they indulge in the pleasure and sacrament of their bond. He will be there, even if it slowly kills him inside.
Felicia is asleep and Tony is waiting for him on the couch. He climbs next to the alpha and snuggles against him, breathing in a huge whiff of his scent. He starts purring instantly and nuzzles into the alpha's neck. Tony chuckles amusedly and brings a soft hand to his cheek, gently fondling it. He let his hand roam down the alpha's chest, slipping bold fingers between the buttons of his shirt, taking them off one by one until he can slide his hand underneath and play with with hair. His hand hovers over the arc reactor, taking in the warm humming of the blue light. He brings both his knees on the couch and scoots closer to his alpha.
"And it's not like I bother." Tony adds with a reassuring smile. The choice of venue is peculiar but it suits Steve. It suits both of them. "Why a jazz club though?" He asks nonchalantly, trying to make conversation more than out of real curiosity.
Tony's eyes narrowed and he scrutinized Steve's face with an unsettling seriousness. "Is that what you want?" He finally asked, tone indifferent.
"JARVIS? Can you tell me what the fuck Steve is playing at?"
Tony shrugs, pretending he's still working on his blueprints. His heart beats a little too fast for him to be efficient though. "I'm almost done. I'll be able to make it after all."
Tony rushes outside, before he does another thing he regrets. Plus, he needs jerking off. Three hours non-stop of Steve's spellbinding scent and the small touch was enough.
Tony turns to him and tries to smile back. "I'm just tired, I think..."
Tony didn't answer but he lowered his head and close his mouth to leave only the hint of a smile on his face. They started heading towards the subway.
Tony glanced at their surroundings. He was in front of a gay club. Obie was really pushing the joke far, but fine. Whatever. He threw his papers into the car and only kept his cash and nameless credit cards, and of course, his phone. He slammed the door close and stared blandly at the car driving off.
"Who's gonna look after your daughter then?"
The boy was everything Steve wanted to be, he realized. Everything he had always dreamed to be and everything he definitely wasn't. A dark lump started growing in his heart, a mixture of ugly feelings pooling in his chest. Resentment, envy, fascination and melancholic sadness and... and... something else.
Steve's voice was warm and gentle, just like his touch. "Let's get you home." He whispered while wiping his face off carefully. Surely he must have done something right in his life to have a boyfriend like this, he thought. He didn't deserve him. Steve should leave him here, to die. He was trash. But Steve didn't leave him here, he took off his hoodie to give it to Tony and wrapped him up inside, the smell of it so heady and amazing.
Steve held his stare, a mix of shame and anger roiling inside of him. He pinched his lips to keep his rage inside. "Well if that bothers you so much then, why don't you buy it from them? And do whatever you want with it!"
At some point he noticed Fury's desperate expression as he rolled his eyes and rested his face on his hand, exasperated. There might have been a snigger or two in the classroom, though he wasn't really sure.
It was weak at first. Bucky did not pay attention then, but slowly and surely, it became stronger and more painful than ever. And now every time the alpha is around or every time he can smell his scent and every time the alpha and the omega join. The gland grows and expand and pulsates, forcing its way in his body and mind and inciting him,
Steve, standing in front of them in all his righteous glory, fighting for liberty. Shit, Tony could almost see the Star-spangled banner floating behind him. A surreal vision. He felt euphoric.
Tony breathed in through his teeth. "Probably not..." He said absent-mindedly. "I wouldn't count on it anyway."
He brought long and skinny fingers to his temple and felt a small bump jutting out. He pressed it without thinking and felt stupid when it hurt. He delicately wiped the smear of blood off it and headed to the English classroom. He knocked on the door and closed his eyes as he staggered inside, expecting to encounter Mr Fury's wrath. No such thing happened however. Instead he was met with the death glare of his single eye for a split second and annoyed ignorance as he coldly told him off. "You're late, Rogers."
Tony swallowed the lump in his throat and ignored his trembling hands. "I understand." He finally croaked out, the words scorching him as he uttered them. The rejection hurt, even though Tony loathed that man with all his soul. That is, if he had any...
A surge of admiration swells in his heart. A melancholic twinge. Steve is so very handsome in his three pieces suit, smiling impishly.
A baby Iron Man, flying around the Stark Tower with a flower in his hand, celebrating the beginning of a new era, of a greener world. Celebrating Tony Stark, quite simply.
The brunet startled at the unexpected question and Steve felt the corners of his mouth unintentionally curl up at his confused face. It was really cute. The moment didn't last, sadly, and Tony regained his confidence. "Edward." He just said.
Tony pouted unconvincingly. "Are they in our school?"
He needed him so much.
does it to me. It's like... I think that...half of the pleasure I feel is
He was used to hearing people insult him as he walked through the school's corridors. He was used to being pushed around. Now they were just louder and more crude, that was all. Nothing affected him anymore.
"Well, there
Steve doesn't speak a word. Instead he goes to his room.
Tony chuckled and smiled with a closed mouth. "Probably..." He agreed. "But I'm not stalking you, though. I just listen to what you say. And I ask about you, because I care. Because knowing what you do is important to me."
exactly? What kind of answers did Steve expect really?
Maybe that's
Tony turned to him and glared. Was that an order?
He fondled the idea of showing her his bleeding anus for a short while. A few seconds only, it wasn't the first time Obie, or his friends, were rough with him. He had bled before and he knew how to care for a bleeding asshole. He shook his head into a no. He didn't even know if Obie had been the only one tonight. He probably was, but that wouldn't be the first time something like this happened to him if Obie wasn't.
Natasha jerked her head in his direction, a bit surprised, and her face flustered. She looked away. "It didn't really. It's very recent."
"I was mostly homeschooled. I didn't get the chance to meet many alphas. I've only reintegrated school last year, to get the best chances of being accepted at  MIT. It's still rare for omegas."
"That doesn't excuse it. I'm really sorry, T—"
"I've been on suppressants ever since I presented."
"'uh 'uh." Steve protested while shaking his head on both sides. "You owe me a fuck, now."
So no, he wouldn't let Tony push him away this time. He wouldn't let Tony rile him up. He wouldn't give up. He was not leaving this tower before he and Tony talked this through.
Tony buried his head into his neck and curled his arms around Steve, Steve tightened his embrace. He felt his boyfriend quiver spasmodically. Tony broke down into his arms and wept silently into the crook of his neck.
Two gorgeous, serum-enhanced, super horny omegas. They are
It's simply unendurable.
The nurse startled and pouted a little before forcing a professional understanding expression back on her face. "Okay." She said and noted something on her form.
Tony stared at him with confusion, lips parted. Steve paused and stared back, catching his breath. His chest was heaving. "
Tony nodded, gazing into space, avoiding the man's stare. The uneasiness he had felt all night long came back, settling in his heart, for good.
Tony caught his mouth again and kissed him languorously. "I love you." He whispered against his lips. Steve gasped and felt a jolt of electricity running down his spine right to the tip of his cock. "I don't know what I'd do without you."
"What about you?" He asked a Tony who was already back on working on his essay. "Who is your type?"
Although...although, with each day passing by, he felt more and more confused. The deadline was approaching and the outlines of his life as an omega seemed to get more and more precise. He needed to accept the truth, maybe the truth wasn't so bad after all.
"Damn you!" Steve whispered. "You know how crazy I am about you. How can you even compare yourself to the others..."
The alpha's hand brushes down his cheek tenderly, encouraging, and lands on his shoulder, where his bonding gland is ready to explode, burning and pulsating in need.
— and partly annoyed. Tony knows very well Steve has a past. He's not even sure he actually wins in terms of number of partners... After all, Steve is far from being a prude and they've both been sexually active for almost twenty years. Tony is pretty certain Steve has fucked a lot of men in the ass before him and he doesn't care. He wouldn't even care if he did it now, probably. But Steve never fucked anyone who mattered before. All his exes were exclusive tops, at least with him. Tony had that for himself, he thought, until now, but looking at Loki right now... he isn't so sure anymore. He has the feeling Loki isn't the kind of guy who would let go of the opportunity to get a good fuck from an amazing top with a big fat cock such as Steve, way too cunning for that. Maybe he's grinding his teeth a little.
They talked about it, the three of them together, and this time Steve saw no objection and encouraged Tony to take care of it. He didn't want another stranger to hurt his friend. He felt no hard feeling or jealousy about it, strangely. He was already very surprised to be invited into the decision process. Bucky was Tony's Omega and he had legally every right on his life. Steve had absolutely no say in it, really, and didn't expect to, but they still involved him as if his opinion was crucial. Steve didn't make any objections. What truly bothered him, in fact, was that the decision didn't seem to rejoice either of them.
Maybe because he's so tall...  Not that Tony has ever felt threatened by taller guys, on the contrary, Thor is just as tall and every time Tony sees him he wants to climb him like a tree. And sometimes, in his deepest and darkest thoughts, he fantasizes about his big hands holding his waist and pressing hard into his hipbones, pinning him against the nearest table. But that is another issue... He pushes the thought away, because one, Thor is actually
"Love appears in so many different ways." Betty carried on. "What the two of you have is unconventional but that does mean it's not gonna work. It's very romantic, despite what people might think. I wish you the best."
Steve felt his heart leap again. "Me too." He said after a moment. He pulled Tony closer to him and ran a hand up and down his spine. Tony's body shivered from head to toe. Steve grabbed his waist possessively and grazed the soft skin of his neck with his teeth. The omega laughed, wiggling in his arms. He pulled away, hands strong on Steve's shoulders, and stepped back. "Stop it! You're gonna ruin the effect of my confusers." His eyes were so shiny, almost hazy. "You scent is so strong," he said with a serious tone. "You're driving me crazy."
He has two omegas and it is
Steve's spot in the private workshop consisted of a comfy couch, a huge caster chair and three different reclining drawing boards. From there he could almost see the entire place, from every angle, and the lighting was perfect even if not natural. He liked this place a lot. It felt comforting and peaceful and almost home, because Tony was there too. He felt at ease down there so he could understand why his boyfriend spent so much time in the workshop, even if only to do some paperwork.
that Tony and Steve would build a life together. Tony isn't even sure Steve will still be with him next month. He chuckles. "I don't want kids either. What would I do with a kid?" He stares down at his empty hands. His right hand is trembling again.
to love. Tony made him feel like himself again. He taught him how to be
They both hurried to gather all of his sketches before they got ruined until Tony's fingers brushed Steve's as he was handing him the last one of them.
Tony and Steve fuck. The alpha and the omega... They fuck. And their bond, that invisible connection they share, is stronger than ever. The omega's bonding gland is red and pulsating all the time, to the point he can't even keep a straight mind anymore. He smells like heat and rut, although neither of them has experienced that for
"But you like that about me, don't you?" Tony grinned smugly. "Stark men get what they want. You should know that by now." He said provocatively, and then added, with a bit more hesitation in his voice. "Would we be together if I wasn't?"
There was a black limo, following him. It stopped at his level and Steve stared, dumbfounded, at the window being slowly pulled down. He saw the outlines of a beautiful face and dark eyes gleaming in the shadows. "Need a lift?"
Tony smiled against his lips. "It's alright, though." He husked out with his sexy voice, eyes half-lidded and lewd. "'cause we're both here now and it's perfect, ain't it? It's all that matters."
"Anything else?"
"Why should
They both left their breakfast untouched and walked to the bathroom holding hands, led by the ecstatic energy of Steve. Once inside, he made a quick job of getting rid of his pajamas, before Tony could even comprehend what was happening, and laid his hands on his boyfriend, touching him as much as Tony let him. The latter shivered and looked uncomfortable but Steve had a point to make and he slipped his fingers underneath his T-shirt and pulled it up. He planted soft kisses on his chest and Tony let him, then slipped his thumbs under the brim of his shorts, arms surrounding him, and pulled them down softly, brushing them on his half-hard cock.
Better situated, bigger, with all the space you need, with
"We're still waiting for Sam but he said he'll be late so let's start without him." She announced.
Steve looked at him in despair and wondered how things had turned so badly so quickly. They were fine, they were happy just hours ago and now everything was falling apart. A freezing shudder ran down his spine.
Steve held his gaze. "I'm happy." He whispered. "I do what I love. I live where I want, how I want and I have everything I want. I've been living the life I've always wanted. I've made all my dreams come true. And I sleep with the sexiest man alive who fucks me so good I want to cry sometimes. Of course I'm happy. I've never been happier in my entire life, baby." Tony stared at him in bewilderment, something indecipherable pooling in his eyes. Steve leant forward and pulled his face into a filthy, chocolatey kiss. His boyfriend's eyes fluttered shut. He parted his lips in a gasp and let Steve's tongue caressing his own softly, melting into the kiss. When Steve pulled away, there was a thread of saliva joining their lips and he opened his eyes to stare into his hazy gaze. "Are you happy, Tony?" He croaked out, voice raspy with lingering lust.
Tony wasn't being defiant, Steve realized. He was
Steve braced himself and focused on Tony's mouth, ready to sort whatever was gonna come out of it into boxes of things that could be possibly real and things that were obvious lies. Steve had no trust in his boyfriend at that moment. He knew Tony wouldn't pass on the opportunity to make the show and embarrass him in front of his friends.
"I don't use them." Clint remarked, mouth curled into a pout.
His heart didn't slow down. In fact, he could hear it beating in his chest. He could even feel it against his ribs. His breathing hitched as he stared at his slender back. Johann Schmidt and his goons all but forgotten.
it. In his skin, in his bones, in his heart he can feel it. They have been at it all morning and his entire body vibrates at the thought. Felicia is sleeping and he's burning from head to toe. He locks himself in the bathroom and takes a cold shower and jerks off but it's not enough... He needs to be
been discussing about opening things again, to some extend, but it's not gonna happen anytime soon, I think. We're good for now." He pauses and glances at his husband for a few seconds. "Well, I can't tell you about Buck but... It works for me and I haven't really been tempted, so far." Tony is all ears, looking at his friend expectantly. "Why are you asking anyway? Are you worried about getting bored?"
He jerks his eyes open. He still can't breath. He is suffocating. He screams and no sound comes out. It's not the hands it's the weight of guilt, strangling him to death. He sucks in a deep and harsh breath. He looks around, at his empty bed. He used to always have the warmth of an omega in it.
"Nope. Being omega makes me thoroughly screwed, in every sense of the term. This is the worst thing that could ever happen to me."
Steve tried to settle his heartbeat and steady his voice and then he negotiated with the AI for his entrance to the workshop.
"When was you last HIV test?"
Tony pulled away and stared at Steve with half-lidded eyes, a lewd glint burning in them. His lips were red and shiny. He looked debauched and something warm pooled in Steve's chest at the sight of him. "Shall we go?" Tony suggested with a raspy voice, his smile was dancing on his lips.
It was almost a relief when Steve hung up on him. Except Steve's last remark made him retch. Oh how he
He exclaimed in hoarse, broken voice. "I know it has something to do with that Stern guy. And I wish I could help. I wish you'd let me be there for you..." He stopped, because his voice was faltering and because Tony's expression fell apart. His face paled and Steve could clearly see the tremor in his jaw. His lips trembled. His entire body was shivering. A mix of fear and agony was pooling in his eyes.
"Someone's happy to see me..." Steve says teasingly and Tony realizes he's poking at his boyfriend with his boner.
Aaaand there it was...
Steve didn't have enough in him to answer.  He just lowered his gaze, looking away.
Tony bit his bottom lips and swallowed his words, insecure.
He startled. "Why didn't I what?"
After a few minutes, Tony jerked and hiccuped against him. He let out a strangled, shuddering breath. "I feel so dirty." He whispered into Steve's neck. Steve squeezed even tighter, protectively, and said nothing. He just planted soft kisses on his head and held him tight against him.
His presence was absolutely not needed, just like he had thought. Tony was only there to indulge a bunch of crass middle-aged men, laugh crudely at their bawdy and offensive jokes—not to say racist, misogynistic and just plainly revolting—and entertain them with casual business talk with the little he knew about the subject. After all, not his area of expertise. Tony knew how to be charming nevertheless, maybe that was enough.
"I remember when I met Bruce," Betty answered, eyes staring into space, "I was instantly captivated by his intellect and his soft-spoken manners. I only admired him at first, for his skills and qualities and knowledge, as my boss. It's only when I started dating Glenn that I realized my feelings went deeper than just respect and high-esteem. I started to pursue him then but he was so oblivious. I think he never saw past the co-worker."
Clint slightly raises his head from the cushions and opens an amused eye to him. "Suits yourself." He blurts out croakily, feeling absolutely no shame at all.
He startled. "What?"
"Start again?" Sam said when he could breathe again.
"I'm confused. I thought the two of you were dating... I mean, weren't you together?"
"Take off the condom," Steve begs, voice as wrecked and hoarse as one from beyond the grave. The alpha stills, hands frozen on his hips.
Steve didn't answer and just stepped back from the railing, suddenly needing the distance.
Besides, there were some truths about it. He did kiss Bucky, after all. And he touched Clint's dick, although he clearly doubted anyone knew about that particular detail of their lives. The thing happened in the blink of an eye. Clint was very hot in his hand and collapsed on him when he was done. Steve wasn't sure what to think of it. If anything, he was even more curious about sex, and more wanting, but far from sated. He kept on exploring with other alphas, with other betas. He even went down on Natasha once. She liked it. He did too, in a way, but there was still something empty about it. Something empty
Tony knows he bonded with Steve, despite either of them, and he shouldn't feel this way. He knows he's been a terrible alpha and he deserves nothing of this, nothing from him or from Steve, by the way.
And also, he needs to jerk off. Possibly several times. The alpha and the omega's reunion just started. Steve is going to be knotted a few more times tonight. This is gonna be a long long night. For the three of them...
Tony threw a glance at her from the corner of his eye and stared back at Steve. "She's just my dance partner, Steve, not my girlfriend. She doesn't own me."
Life is easy and beautiful. They have a great time puzzling the people around them. They like to gossip but no-one really knows for sure and what happen in their intimacy is their business. And if they've made out a little too much at school, well, people couldn't discern if the slight omega sweetness or the soft spike of alpha musk is coming from Steve or from Tony.
Tony cringed and ran his tongue on his teeth, still staring intently at Steve. His eyes were always intense. "I know..." He admitted and averted his eyes, looking embarrassed. "but I know the feeling..." He added. "And this isn't fair on you."
He got off the bed only to wipe off the remains of his own cum and jumped back into it while cuddling his boyfriend. They didn't sleep right away, they kissed and snuggled against each other and told each other how much they loved each other, hands never-endingly touching.
be bliss, at least.
Even Coulson was there, although he had other responsibilities now than just motherhenning Steve, and Maria Hill, who seemed to be in an animated discussion with—Steve walked closer to get a better look—a certain...
"Basically all the heavy furniture, I guess." Steve let out casually.
His boyfriend wiped the corner of his eye. Was he crying? Why would Steve cry? Was it Tony's fault? It must be his fault. It always was. Tony never meant to make him cry though. And the answer to that question was simple and self-evident. Steve knew that answer. Why would he ask? Unless things had changed between and Tony hadn't noticed. Was too drunk to remember...  "Because you're my boyfriend?" He asked hesitantly, because he was, wasn't he? "And I wanted to sleep with you?"
His mind is blank when he rides the elevator to the Penthouse. His mind is blank too, when the door opens on its own, as if he was expected. When he gets in however he is overwhelmed by a flush of emotions. It is too much, too intense, too sudden.
Steve jerked away, immediately taking his hand off, and curled his arm around his boyfriend's waist instead. He didn't stop his ministrations however. He kissed Tony again, behind his ear and on the nape of his neck. His lips were following the line of his neck down to his shoulder and he started nibbling at the soft skin there. Tony shivered and groaned as he slowly woke up, certainly not indifferent to Steve's treatment but not responding either. Tony was burning against him and unconsciously wriggled his ass against Steve's crotch. Steve attempted to take him in his hand again. His splayed fingers slid down his stomach and slipped into Tony's pants again. This time his boyfriend jerked and giggled softly while he grabbed his hand away.
I just—"
Steve smiled mischievously. "I don't get paid." He whispered and gestured him to come inside the restrooms. Johann followed—the fool—and pressed Steve against the wall. Steve stared up at him lewdly and grabbed his crotch, and he squeezed, as hard as he could, enjoying Schmidt's distorted face changing colors as he pressed harder.
Tony felt his stomach roil and was shaking inside. A sudden acute pain in his chest.
"You okay man?" Loki asks without meaning it—Tony will not grant him with a reply anyway, so it doesn't really matter. "Glad you could make it!" He adds with a sly smile.
No pressure. Not at all.
Steve gasped.
Steve suddenly felt a weigh in chest, something heavy churning inside. Jealousy prickled at the bottom of his stomach and he felt bile coming up at the back of his throat.
"Come on, let's go to my place." The man said while wrapping a steadying arm around Tony to help him walk straight.
Tony stopped and inched back from Steve's embrace, putting firm hands on his shoulders. He stared into his eyes with an intense seriousness.
So I guess, we're all getting bored with this series which is why I'm taking a break. I might come back to it at some point, to give it some sort of conclusion, or not... I'm not sure.
"Why do you keep tormenting me?" Steve complained. "What did I do to deserve that kind of embarrassment?"
and Tony cries out as he comes. His own orgasm hits Bucky hard like a cannonball through his guts but from the
Tony's eyes flashed with confusion. His smile had faded to leave place to a curious and questioning pout. Then he chuckled mirthlessly while looking away.
"Don't deny my feelings for you!" Tony said angrily and then his expression softened, something forlorn pooling in his eyes. "Please, don't deny my feelings for you.... " He repeated with a faltering voice. "'cause you
"Nothing I guess..." Steve admitted in a reluctant whisper.
like this.
"Since everyone's here now..." She started, eyes glancing worriedly at Sam with an unexpected fondness. "I have—" She hesitated.
he shouldn't burden Steve with his self-induced shit, but the thing was... Steve was the first person Tony wanted to be with when he was down. And he was down a lot lately... Besides, if he didn't call Steve, who would he call? Rhodey was in deployment. And Pepper had made it clear she didn't want to be involved, had explicitly said that she loved him but didn't give a fuck anymore. If Tony wanted to die in his own vomit, that was his choice, Tony was no longer her problem. He couldn't blame her...
"Please?" Tony begged, voice so soft and manipulative.
"Alpha?" Clint enquired, visibly amused by all of this.
Tony let go of him, hands sliding down along Steve's shivering body. Steve looked at him hazily, still taken aback, and although he knew he shouldn't do it, his body seemed to lean into his boyfriend, asking for more.
Tony felt different however. As opposed to Steve, he loved everything they were. He had loved every bit of it. Every moment. Every word. Every touch. Every look. And if he survived this, he would cherish those memories for the rest of his miserable and pathetic life.
Then he heard some noise outside and noticed the light so he got out of the bedroom and saw Tony on a stool, a cigarette in his right hand and another glass next to him.
"But you're making time for organizing dinner parties. I've never even invited you once in the penthouse since Steve moved in."
Tony leant into him, hiding his face into his neck, and grumbled. "There is something I need to finish tonight."
Steve made a quick job of getting ready for bed and dived in delight in the soft sheets of Tony's huge bed. He felt so small in this bed. He could hide in it and was pretty sure no-one would notice, but he loved it. He loved the huge space, he loved the pillows, he loved the memory form mattress, he loved the softest of soft sheets but most of all he loved how they smelt of Tony. Steve had always had the bestest sleep in this bed with or without Tony in it. He spread like a starfish under the never-ending comforter and gazed at the empty space beside him, running a tired hand on where he could still feel Tony's shape on the mattress. He had been coming here enough for each of them to have a side now. He smiled to himself at the knowledge and looked forward to wake up next to him as he quickly fell asleep.
Steve's strong arms tighten around him and Tony raises his head, seeking his lips. He catches them and they kiss and it's not urgent and it's not filthy and it's not biologically necessary. It's just pure and magic and fantastic and sacred.
"You mean that time you broke into my apartment and hijacked it. How could I forget that?" Steve answered amusedly.
"I'm gonna fuck you now," he muttered huskily.
He hated being trapped like that.
Clint tightens his embrace and shakes him a little. "Hey," he whispers softly. "Stop blaming yourself for everything. I've been busy too, you know. We're all busy."
"Yeah, you are." Steve muttered, still smiling widely. "But it's alright. I'm madly jealous of about all the people who ever laid their eyes on you. So it's okay if you're a bit jealous of those I shared something meaningful with."
"I mean I'm not... I'm not, you know...physically prepared for this, like... I'm not gonna—it's not gonna... on its own."
Now he's slowly falling into a deep slumber, lulled by the warm and comforting presence of the omega. He's finally satiated, he thinks, and his omega smells like happiness so he can let himself go. He's gonna need a whole week at least, to recover from this. He can feel his omega purring in the distance, his gentle hands are fondling him. Everything is perfect.
"I was just wondering if you and Barnes were really dating."
The dark-haired guy chuckled again and released his neck to brush his cheek with the tip of his knuckles. He buried his head into Tony's neck and kissed him softly, earning a gasp from him, before biting his skin. Tony gasped and cringed. His eyes flared open with the sharp pain. Another rush. Another jolt of electricity. He jerked his hips forward, deeper into the other man's mouth again. He was fully hard now. The man at his feet seemed eager and licked his shaft with more enthusiasm. Tony wondered for a split-second what that guy's face looked like. If he was young or old. If he had a boyfriend. If he was doing this often or if it was a first. If he was gonna go home satisfied tonight and then start a normal day at work tomorrow as if he hadn't had Tony's cock in his mouth while Tony was busy with someone else. Then he wondered why this guy was down there, sucking his cock. When had that happened?
Tony was lost. He just blinked and shrugged.
"You mean like
, but... I like when
He swallowed his bile again and took a deep, determined breath before he finally pressed 'call,' heart racing in his chest, blooming with the slight hope Steve might be understanding, even just a little.
The guy laughed. "Okay." He said with a tinge of tenderness in his voice. "There's plenty of ways to have fun without you getting fucked."
"I don't remember."
"It affects me too, you know." Tony added. His scent spiked again and it was enrapturing, sweet and delicious and Steve wanted to lick him again, imagined doing it, tried to picture his body through the shape hidden underneath his shirt and from the touch of his hands on him and from his memories, of all the times he stared him, ogled him, devoured him with eyes.
"You don't want my money, you
The man's smile was incredulous when he ran his thumb on the skin of Tony's neck, soothing the pain of that invisible shackle. "No longer, you're not." He said assertively, a dangerous grin on his lips. "You'll do what your father asked you to do. Make him proud, Tony boy. Do it for your sake, and for ours. You can do it. I trust you." His voice was deep and low and gentle and vibrated low in Tony's core.
"We were just fooling around. Just a one time thing that meant nothing." Except it was Steve's first kiss and it had happened with his friend. Someone he trusted deeply but not someone he was interested in romantically.
Sometimes Tony made a break and tilted his head on the side, leaning on his hand. He would leave his pencil laying on the table, then, and gaze at Steve, a soft smile on his lips. Sometimes he just stared at him, making Steve feel suddenly very hot under his collar. Sometimes he engaged in light conversation, asking innocent questions like "so, are you and Barnes together for real? Or is it part of the rumors too?"
He presses against and he can feel his own cock jolt and harden against the omega's thighs. Steve is hard too but it doesn't matter. Nothing matters but them and what they are to each other and Tony can't suppress the tear that falls down his cheeks and he can't fight the pain that resonates in his heart and he accepts it. He revels in it. Maybe all that's happened until now what ultimately leading them to this. To this moment. Maybe this was their destiny. To be there, now, dancing together in the swirls of cigar smoke and carried away by the voluptuous jazz music.
Steve shook his head silently. His head was already spinning just thinking about it. And so Tony just led him to his living room where there was a huge table on which he had already started working, obviously.
to get out.
"I mean the way we used to have lunch together. I've missed that."
Steve straightens up in a jerk. "What? No."
He looks at Steve again and wonders why James and Felicia still haven't come out. It is quite late anyway. Tony never thought they would be going out but looking at Steve he was obviously mistaken.
"Yes, you can. Surely you can take two hours to have lunch with your boyfriend."
Howard paused, solemnly, and skirted around Tony to face him. He grabbed his face in his two hands, the touch was meant to be gentle but Tony felt it burn like red-hot branding iron. His father looked up into his eyes and stared at him domineeringly. "That's what your grand father built for us son, and I've devoted my whole life to carry out his legacy. I've dedicated my time, my genius, everything I owned, to help protect our country and its values. This is
He was confused.
Tony finally felt the effects of cocain. He felt euphoric. That was gonna be a night to remember.
"What is this?" Steve choked out, still shocked.
"Your friend told us you were raped." She insisted, maybe out of concern. "Do you think you could tell us more about the circumstances?"
Steve said he was toxic. Of course he was. He was a mistake, a disease that should have never happened and should be wiped out from the face of the earth, this instant. How could he have thought, even for a moment, that he could ever have this? Steve had almost managed to trick him into thinking he deserved it at some point. Steve was too good, too generous, too loving and Tony had needed him. Tonight more than anything. He had needed him so much. Tony was too needy. He had no right to be, he should disappear.
Tony gave him a gentle smile. "Don't know... because we were fucking." He explained, looking bored and indifferent. "Because I said 'I love you' and you said it back. Because we kept going on dates. Because I let you fuck my ass and told you I wanted you to be the first..."
He probably could but he is unable to. With tremendous efforts he manages to raise his eyes a little but only up to the alpha's crotch. The alpha is only wearing briefs and he can see his cock grow hard, slowly pointing up and stretching out the fabric, a probable reaction to his own arousal. He can feel waves of slick soaking his shorts. His own calves are already damp and he's almost sure he's dripping on the floor already. His own dick so hard it hurts.
"Having a crush on an alpha doesn't make you omega." Sam added, always wisely. "It just makes you attracted to alphas."
The lights were dim in the backrooms and his eyes unfocused. He could feel his body burn with arousal and couldn't walk straight. A hand held him up and led the way. Everything was blurry, distorted. He couldn't distinguish the things around him. He didn't know if they were things, or people. They were just indistinct moving shapes and shadows in the mist. It felt like walking down the devil's lair. It smelt like sweat and sex, it was heady and Tony felt himself drifting away again, as if he was no longer in his own body, lulled by the nebulous sounds of pleasure and pain.
The ride was fortunately short and Tony got out excitedly, jerky hands moving around like an illusionist. He was probably nervous, Steve thought. Steve was too, alcohol had helped though. He took Steve's hand and hurried them inside, talking non-stop. Steve felt out of it, with the constant buzzing in his head. It was as if everything was happening in slow-motion. He could only see his boyfriend's mouth opening and closing excitedly and the overly energetic movements of his hands. Part of him was still thinking about taking his clothes off, another part just wanted to kiss him, to shut him up.
The ride to the hospital wasn't long but something uncomfortable roiled in his stomach. That same uneasiness he had more or less felt all day long. Tony wanted to cry and he didn't know why, he just felt miserable. He pressed himself against Steve, hoping the feeling would go away but it didn't.
Tony kissed him again and grabbed his two wrists before leading Steve away from the desk and pushing him backward against the back wall. Steve's back bumped into the shelves and he felt paralyzed against Tony's ruthless determination. The glint in his eyes was feral and Steve was drawn to him, powerless.
Past the surprise at the half-joke, Steve felt a lump in his throat and his chest constricted. "Haven't you been already?" He asked timidly, back still turned to his boyfriend. He avoided his gaze and pretended to continue with emptying the shelves.
Steve startled and looked up into his eyes. He pouted. "I don't know." He admitted rather honestly. "Not really interested in that, actually."
"Oh yeah... Aren't you?" He answered provocatively. "I mean, have you seen the guy's body?"
