“Actually, the reason why a rabbit is used during Easter is because rabbits procreate often with large litters, so they represent new life-“ Dean interrupted Castiel by holding a finger to the angel’s lips in a hushing motion.
If you started reading this fic back when I was originally working on it (two year ago, holyyy shiiit) then I would
“What the fuck are you talking about?” If there was one thing Dean had learned in his decades of hunting, it was ‘always keep the enemy talking’. It bought time and worked as a great distraction. He titled the barrel of his gun a bit, but with a flick of her wrist, it went skidding down the hallway.
Remember how I said there was a case coming up that would cause an important shift between Dean and Cas' relationship? Welcome to that case.
And Dean should probably be listening to what Cyrus was saying, but he couldn’t focus on anything other than the fact that Cyrus didn’t
Ariel had picked up her tea, but immediately sat it back down, her eyes full of sympathy. “I’m sorry, Castiel. Is he okay?”
Castiel sat alone in a Biggerson’s, the familiarity of the restaurant grounding him.  He had sat for so long in the Japanese café after Ariel had left that he felt like he was making the waitress uncomfortable, so he left her a hefty tip and had flown to various locations for the past day trying to collect his thoughts. He visited all of his favorite locations, a beach in Greece, a lake in Bolivia, a temple in India, a river that Dean had used to clean blood from his hands during a hunt in Colorado… Even though Biggerson’s came with some negative memories, it was still the location that he had felt most relaxed. It was just so familiar, the smell of coffee and greasy food, the stickiness of the tables, the traffic of people coming and going despite the hour. It helped clear his thoughts a bit, even though there was one thought in particular that he couldn’t stop fixating on.
“Goodnight, Dean.”
Seb and Dean discussed the case for about 15 minutes when Dean got a text from Sam. Sam had noticed Dean was in a serious conversation and was smart enough to know better than to interrupt on the chance that it had something to do with the case. Dean quickly texted back that he had it handled, and that Sam and Cas should leave before turning his attention back to Seb.
“You didn’t say I couldn’t use it.”
They said their good byes to Jody and Sam ended the call, smiling smugly at Dean. “Aren’t you glad I convinced you to go to the dry cleaners earlier instead of waiting to do laundry at the bunker?”
“Cas, go with Sam and help him look.” Dean said, teasingly shoving Cas after Sam when he walked away.
Dean had expected Castiel moving in to the bunker to suck. He expected it to be complicated, and awkward. Maybe even a little annoying. But the thing was… it wasn’t any of that. It felt
“Oh.” Cas was now observing his beer bottle instead. He took a sip, then almost cautiously, spoke again. “But… do you like them?”
“I’ll check in tomorrow to make sure the body is burned before someone else dies.” Before Dean could say anything else, Cas was gone. Dean ran his fingers through his short hair, his frustration building further.
Dean tried and failed to reel in the jealous feeling that exploded in the pit of his stomach and knew he should be questioning why it made him jealous, but that was a can of worms he absolutely refused to open right now. But grabbing coffee sounded a lot like something normal people do as a date, or something you suggest to rekindle something with an ex. “You made it sound like she didn’t want to be found last time you brought her up.” Dean knew he was stalling, he just didn’t care. He was still a little irritated that Cas chose to flap out so abruptly.
how much he had enjoyed being pinned against a wall by another man last night. When Cas wouldn’t stop staring at him, he threw a French fry at him.
Dean tensed and was glad it was hidden by his blankets. How in the fuck was he supposed to face Cas? There was a 50/50 chance that he knew
Dean frowned like finding that out about Cas personally hurt him. With how empathetic Dean seemed, Cas didn’t think what he was feeling was probably that far off. “Sick how?”
“I know you think I only pray to you when I’m in trouble. And god, I know it has to seem that way. Sometimes it even seems that way to me. But I don’t just want you around whenever it’s convenient. I don’t just want to call on you whenever I need an angel’s touch when things get a little hairy. You’re my friend and-“
Dean silently agreed with that. Cas
She wiped the holy water from her face. Sighing, she said “Do all your tests on me but hurry up. I have a lot to tell you guys.”
Conversation flowed easily over dinner. Alex talked about how much she was enjoying her nursing job while Claire gave the most gruesome details of the last hunt she had been on. Jody and Donna both talked about how they stayed in touched, hunted when they could, and were working on a side project of how to get hunters in contact with trustworthy cops so that they could watch each other’s backs. It was a plan that Bobby would have loved to have been in on. It triggered Sam to bring up algorithms and how he thought he could pull something together on a computer program to help them with their plan. Dean rolled his eyes at the tech talk, but the entire time he had a smile on his face.
but he wasn't trying to bone him.
Sam was currently pushing a shopping card to the bottled water aisle (even though Dean asked for beer) and Cas was in the dressing room trying on clothes which left Dean alone, stewing in his own thoughts on the bench outside the dressing room. Despite what Sam said, Dean absolutely was not pouting. When Cas had closed the dressing room door behind him, Sam had immediately pulled him to the side, lecturing him on being a dumbass and then stormed away, pushing his shopping cart prissily. He even flipped his fucking hair dramatically. Bitch.
“Uh, yeah. We did. Thanks.” Sam tucked a few strands of hair behind his ear.
He was so distracted that the feeling of Cas’ warm, solid hand on his own made him jump. Dean’s hand was swollen from the earlier bee sting, and Cas was gently rubbing his fingers over it. “Let’s go inside.” Cas suggested.  Dean swallowed and tried not to take that the wrong way. “I can show you how to treat the sting using honey.”
cared about him, he
gun, and poorly at that. I’m going to teach you to use a handgun before we head out.” Castiel looked a little pissed, and it sent a shiver up Dean’s spin. Something about the angel being wrathful always did that to him, seeing Cas’ disposition change from dorky and socially awkward to towering and terrifying in the blink of an eye. “An angel blade may not cut it this time, buddy.” Dean added, trying to lay a sweet voice extra thick.
“Hmm. We have a couple of things left. They’re not really cosplay quality though, man. It’s mostly just cheap Halloween costumes. It’s all stuff from the Marvel movies. But if they fit, they’re yours. You can buy or rent.”
He pushed off from the door and headed for the kitchen. The original plan was the grab a beer, but he needed something stronger and hoped that he hadn’t already cleared out all the hard liquor. He nearly ran into Sam
“Don’t mention it. Just figure out what’s going on and kick this thing’s ass, okay?”
Dean glanced over to Cas when his face lit up in excitement and son of a bitch, Dean was so head over heels for that innocent enthusiasm. “What else did you get?” the angel asked.
Magnus’ lip curled up in disgust at being corrected by the demon. He was always friendlier towards Natasha and Ted because they were the demons that Crowley had allowed him to borrow for work, to do his bidding, but he still thought he was better than them. They were still his pets. These pets just didn’t get tied to a surgical table. He composed himself and sighed. “Take him back to his cage and make sure you make you rounds and check the warding.”
Ariel is shamelessly based on Evageline Lilly as Hope Van Dyne in the first
Sam watched his brother suspiciously. “Yeah… I’m sure it’s a witch, Dean…”
Castiel felt the cold rush of realization. All of this had been a trap that he had stupidly fallen for. Dean was somewhere else, probably safe with Sam. And now Castiel was trapped because of
“Facts dude, straight facts.” The worker laughed, pulling a hair band off of his wrist and tugging his dreadlocks into a loose, low ponytail, his light brown eyes sparkling. “I mean, we’re all here for a purpose, ya know? Even the bees, man. Thank you for your support.”
at the same time. Cas was in his bed like he belonged there, sleep warm and ruffled. His hair was sticking up in every direction and he was looking down at Dean like
And afterwards, it was even more out of character.
, Sam.” Dean damn near snarled. “She just uh, knew that we were on to her. And when I aimed my gun at her, she went crazy. Tried to get me before I could get to her.”
"I will. But it has to be her. It just has to be. I'm leaving now, but I'll be home soon. I'll bring her with me." Sam pushed his hair out of his face, his expression still glowing.
Dean patted him on the cheek condescendingly. “I’ll make a criminal out of you yet, Sammy.”
There was a sad, searching look in Cas’ eyes. “I’m not going to hurt you, Dean. I’m not even sure if I’m a powerful enough angel to be able to truly harm you. We’ll find another way.”
“We have no idea what we’ve even gotten ourselves into, Sam. Do you really think splitting up is a good idea?” Dean’s fingers flexed nervously on the demon blade. He could feel the Mark of Cain throbbing, could hear the whispering growing louder in the back of his head, and he wondered if he was really worried about danger, or if he was more worried about how far he might take things. It had been too long since the mark had been sated, and he could feel it.
Dean hadn’t even realized he had been taking massive swigs from the bottle ever since Sam had started talking. He was getting way, way too drunk to try and rationalize things like feelings and telling Sam about them.
“Are you and Cas….?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Yes. That.”
to keep the mark’s urges at bay. Castiel tried not to pry because he knew it would just push Dean further away if it was something he wasn’t willing to share. Dean was beginning to fully trust him again after working with Sam, Charlie, and Rowena, and he didn’t want to do anything to jeopardize that. The internal struggle stitched with worry was becoming more and more frustrating, but he would much rather have Dean offering to watch television with him than angrily slamming doors in his face because he couldn’t let this go.
it from the smell, to the taste, to the texture. Dean finished his and eagerly reached for Sam’s, not hesitating to share it with the very happy angel, their hands brushing every time they passed it. Sam turned to look at him with an eyebrow raised, and Dean kicked him before Cas could notice.
, to Dean's utter dismay. Cas never failed to compliment Dean’s cooking, even though his angelic taste buds were still fighting to break every flavor down molecule by molecule. He even insisted on doing the dishes every night, even though it only took him a split second to mojo them sparkling clean.
to find a cure for the mark. Meanwhile, Castiel tried to restore some order to Heaven when the other angels called to him for help when things became total chaos. Cas was able to restore as much of Heaven as possible (being forced to kill Metatron), and all the angels got their wings back, along with Castiel's grace being restored. The other angels insisted that he lead Heaven in God's absence, but Cas was far too preoccupied by trying to find Dean and helping him with the Mark, and he split his time between Heaven and earth, only helping the other angels when he could.
“And I’m also the reason you’re alive now. It seems that I may have made a mistake when I helped the Winchesters all that time ago, so I’m here to make it up to you.”
Cas tensed, frowning at him. “It certainly wasn’t the logical choice.”
The lady closed the book she was reading. It was one of the
Opinions on the return of characters is greatly appreciated. ;) I'm always worried about writing characters ooc.
Ricardo just grinned bigger. “There’s only two bedrooms. There was a pullout couch, but I’ve had complaints that it gets stuck-“
“Ugh!” Dean had distracted himself a little
“Cas, we talked about this. You don’t need to use your powers for little stuff. You don’t spend a lot of time in Heaven now. What if you run out of juice?” Dean sighed.
“All the billions of people on earth since the creation of mankind, and I had to fall for the most stubborn one.” Dean swallowed hard. Did he mean fall as in being an angel that fell, or…? “I didn’t have the best timing bringing that up, did I?”
“Then you should stay.” Dean replied sincerely.
Dean lied in his bed at Briar Cliff Inn that night, wide awake. He envied how easily Sam was able to fall asleep, and wondered if maybe he would be able to do the same if it weren't for the Mark of Cain making its presence known if he forgot about it for even a second. Sam was snoring not that far from him, the only noise filling the room. Dean turned, trying to get more comfortable. It didn’t matter what position he was in; his thoughts were keeping him much too alert to sleep. He looked over at Sam’s bed, admiring how soundly he slept. Light from the vacancy sign was peeking through the blinds of the room’s window, cascading over his sleeping form. Sam’s chest heaved up and down slowly as he slept in peace, and Dean smiled.
“So, what do we have to do?” Mia asked timidly. A voice in the back of her head was lecturing her for playing with the dead, and it sounded suspiciously like her grandmother’s voice.
“I know.” She said, laughing wetly and wiping her eyes. Charlie never failed to make a Star Wars reference.
Even though he couldn’t see the angels face, he knew Cas was sad just by how his wings sagged. It broke Dean’s heart. “There are only a few angels in existence that have black wings.” Cas inhaled shakily. “Lucifer, Michael most likely, and I. The feathers turn black when an angel visits the deepest pits of Hell. It’s as though they never fully recover from being singed by fire and weighed down by the blood and tears of the tortured souls. I led the garrison that rescued you from Hell, but it was my job and mine alone to actually retrieve you, so they never went as deep as I. Their wings remained the same color while mine turned black. Other angels see it as a curse. Something to be ashamed of.”
tight enough in all the right places… Dean had never wanted a quickie in a dressing room more in his entire life.
“Then what would you heaven be?”
A few hours later, Dean found himself in a bar in Woodward, Oklahoma. He, Sam, and Cas were investigating a potential nest of vampires in town. All the bloody, gruesome signs pointed to vampires, but they had yet to find a trail leading to any vamps and so Dean managed to convince them to hit a local bar, arguing that the place seemed like a vampire hangout. It wasn’t entirely just a ruse to get drunk, the place really did seem like it would attract some blood suckers. There was heavy metal music playing from the jukebox and the place was barely lit. From what Dean could actually see, it was full of people mostly younger than him. He was catching plenty of glimpses of fishnets and leather. A girl with multiple lip piercings currently had Sam cornered in a booth, and Cas was awkwardly flipping through the jukebox, his tax accountant get up completely out of place. At least Dean’s recently purchased leather jacket made him blend in a little better.
Sam dropped his fork in his salad plate with a loud clatter so that he could pinch the bridge of his nose in frustration. “No, you can’t
you without you jumping out of your skin. I’m pretty sure I’ve done something.”
“Much better. Now let’s do something about these sleeves.” Dean grabbed one of Cas’ arms and gently rolled up the sleeve of his button up. His fingers brushed against Cas’ skin, and he couldn’t get over how
“We’re
The vampires were all staring at Cas nervously, but a confident smile eventually spread across Seb’s attractive face. “Angel or not, we have you out numbered.” All three doors leading to the room swung open, and easily twelve more vampires flooded the room.
“Thank you, Dean. You smell…different today.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean looked like he was on the verge of strangling Sam in the middle of the street. “Shut it, Sam. I’m going to kick Cas’ feathery ass the next time I see him.” He shoved Sam out of his way, relieved that they were almost at the diner.
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! Dude, you got the completely wrong idea. I am NOT interested in that.” Dean shook his hands like Ross was the one that needed to calm down, and took a step back.
(See the end of the chapter for
Glancing over at Claire, Cas noticed that she didn’t even look up from her phone. She had spent a large majority of the afternoon on her phone. He frowned at her. “As convenient as cellular phones are, if you’re not careful you don’t realize what you’re missing going on around you.”
Dean refused to admit that his Saturday night would consist of a run to the store followed by a marathon of
When Dean came to, he was tied to a chair and his head was aching. Shocking. He pulled against his restraints and they didn’t budge. Plot twist. He blinked blood out of his eyes to see he was surrounding by seven figures. Groundbreaking. He continued to blink until his vision cleared and his eyes adjusting to the darkness.
Dean and Cas’ heads both snapped to look at Sam with wide eyes. Sam didn’t bother fighting his pleased smirk when Dean blushed brighter than the red on his suit. “W-what?” Dean stammered. “No, man. They’re like best friends. They were like war heroes together and shit. But I mean… I guess the scene where they broke through mind control was kinda gay.” Sam had to bite his lip to keep from laughing, and based on the bewildered, affronted look on Cas’ face, he too was thinking about a very similar situation that he and Dean shared involving an angel tablet and Naomi’s mind control. Dean caught the look on Cas’ face and avoided eye contact nervously. “Let’s just go down to the convention.” He grumped.
Cas looked back at the tv. He wasn’t fond of the long hair, and it was entirely impractical and unhygienic for a surgeon to wear cowboy boots while working in a hospital. He looked back at Dean, and Dean looked like he was about to squirm out of his skin. “He has a strong jawline which is often deemed attractive.” He finally stated just to put Dean at ease. On the screen, Doctor Sexy’s brown eyes filled with tears as he finally broke up with Janet. “I prefer green eyes though.” He felt Dean immediately tense next to him and coughed loudly as if choking on his own saliva.
“Son of a bitch.” Dean snarled, slamming yet another newspaper down in the library. The librarian shot him a look that could kill, but he ignored her. He rubbed his exhausted eyes, and his mind wandered to whether or not Cas’ day was going as shitty as his. Hopefully the other angels were leaving him the fuck alone, because Dean really wouldn’t mind shoving an angel blade in to something if they couldn’t find the body’s location soon.
Dean was answered by silence for a moment before Cas’ voice drifted out from under the dressing room closest to him. “The button is stuck.”
“Stop that.” Cas suddenly huffed.
Crowley sat Cuthbert Sinclair’s soul down next to Rowena’s bowl of ingredients. It was floating around a dirty old mason jar, but Cuthbert wouldn’t have room to complain when he was getting a second chance at life. Of course, the magic came with a price, and anyone in Cuthbert’s bloodline would be cursed for all eternity, but it was a detail that no one needed to be bothered with at the moment. Sinclair was so fixated on collecting a zoo of creatures that Crowley highly doubted he would be spending much time sowing his wild oats once returned to a body.
“Getting rid of the wee handsome angel, of course. He’s far too dedicated to the Winchesters and won’t let us touch a hair on their pretty little heads.”
Dean stared at him for a moment but then gave a half shrug, glancing at the unoccupied pool table a few yards away. “Wanna play me in pool?”
“And what about Cas?” Sam asked quietly, crossing his arms over his chest.
instead.
for fucks sake.” Dean shot him an offended look. There was no need for that language. “I was there when you kept Cas’ trench coat and refused to get rid of it after the leviathans. Every time you got something out of the trunk, you picked it up like it was glass and fucking stroked it Dean.” Dean felt his face heat up. Oh fuck. Apparently, he was a lot more transparent than he thought. “I’ve watched you sacrifice more for him than you’ve been willing to sacrifice for anyone other than me. You could’ve gotten out of purgatory almost immediately, but you
“Yeah. What can I do to help?”
“It’s called Briar Cliff Inn. It’s apparently one of the biggest hotels in Quantico, which is why I’m guessing they’re keeping the deaths so quiet. It’s where most travelers stay. I’m sure the owners aren’t too happy about the bad publicity.” Sam replied, not taking his eyes off of the map, seeming slightly disinterested in the conversation Dean was trying to make. Dean rolled his eyes. Why did they even still keep maps in the Impala? What year were they living in? He knew damn well both their phones had GPS.
Dean stayed up for a few more hours after going to his room. He put his headphones in and hit shuffle on his phone, just letting the music play through and trying to enjoy being drunk without thinking about he importance or heaviness of his conversation with Sam. He did a good job of it while upbeat songs played that had him drunkenly wiggling his hips and playing air drums in bed. Then “Thank You” by Led Zeppelin began playing.
Dean what they were going to do. When the address pulled up, he grinned. She wanted to go to a go cart track. Dean could get behind that. He pulled away from the resort, giving one last glance at it in his rear view window.
“Why was your son staying at Briar Cliff Inn?” Cas suddenly asked. Dean turned to look at him, the angel seemed generally curious and Dean was a little proud because he hadn’t even thought about asking the question. He was already emotionally drained and ready to head back to the hotel.
It didn’t take much thought for Dean to dig out his Djinn juice kit. His mind worked on autopilot setting it up, because all he wanted was for his thoughts to shut the fuck up. For his
“I sure do, sweetie. My husband and I do. It belonged to my parents, and their parents before them.” She smiled back, and Dean noticed her eyes checking him out up and down. Damn it felt good to be handsome.
He learned that was never a good thing when you possessed the Mark of Cain.
.” Castiel didn’t respond. He never did. He never answered any of Magnus’ questions about angels, he never responded to the taunting about his expectations of angels. Magnus knew there was only one thing that could make him speak. Magnus stopped fiddling with the mangled wing. He took the angel blade and stared at the sigil drawn on the surgical table. He thought for a moment, deciding whether or not to cut through the sigil and let Castiel heal, but decided against it. “I heard you last night, Castiel.” Castiel froze, not even his pained panting from his injury causing his chest to move. “Imagine my shock when I heard an angel praying… and not even to its own Father, but to a
“You’re very fond of him, from what I’ve heard.” Ariel said, tilting her head and observing Cas. “All the angels are aware of it. He
him smirking.
“Yeah. If you go through those double doors and follow the path, it’ll take you straight to it.”
The phone call ended abruptly, leaving Castiel to stare at his phone screen, now taken up by his background. It was a picture of a very alarmed Dean with a few drops of honey in his palm, nervously allowing a couple of bees to investigate the honey. It had taken Castiel a very long time to reassure Dean that the bees wouldn’t sting him as long as he remained calm and didn’t bring them any harm. Dean didn’t know Castiel had taken the picture, and certainly didn’t know Castiel had set it as his background. Castiel swallowed hard. Something about the call seemed… off. Had Dean found more Djinn essence? Was he under the influence?
Dean had always hated when Cas left, but he didn’t even want to imagine him leaving now. The thought of it hurt way too much. He needed Cas, he needed Cas
Dean made a noncommittal grunt. “Just as angry and bitter as ever. It’s, uh, starting to get louder again. But nothing I can’t handle. Not yet at least.” Cas’ eyes scanned Dean’s face sadly, making him squirm. “It’s my fault though, right? I’m the one that put myself in that position. I guess that’s what I get for thinking with my dick and not my head.”
“Was the bar he was seen at the one outside by the pool?” Sam asked.
Dean poured himself a cup of
of this. So instead, he relaxed into the cheap, worn out mattress, relaxed into Dean’s embrace.
“Dean. Dean! Wake up.” Dean jerked awake, Castiel’s hand on his shoulder, shaking him gently. “You were having another nightmare.” Dean groaned sleepily. This nightmare hadn’t been about hell. Those dreams were always excruciatingly detailed, more like memories. This nightmare had been about getting incredibly drunk and sticking a needle in his arm. Dean shuddered, fighting to keep his eyes closed. Maybe he could just fall back asleep. The feeling of Cas’ hand left his shoulder, and a few moments later, he felt the bed shift. He immediately jerked wide awake and flipped over, to find Castiel sitting in bed next to him.
Dean grabbed the remainder of his clothes, balling them up in one hand and not caring if they wrinkled as he used his other hand to keep the scratchy hotel towel around his waist. “It was about my ex, Cassie. Used to call her Cas too.” Dean aimed for nonchalant, but he knew his voice was a pitch too high and it probably didn’t help his innocence plea.
. Do you think Dean Winchester is going to save you? Do you think he honestly cares about you? Crowley told me everything about you and your relationship with Dean. You’re nothing more than a weapon at his disposable. Especially now that he possesses the Mark of Cain. Now he’s a monster just like the rest-“
Dean never attempted to satiate his curiosities when it came to other men. He was still the faithful soldier under his father’s command, and while John never directly accused Dean of being anything but straight, he still made it abundantly clear that that was the only option for Dean as far as he was concerned, so Dean never took the time to explore any other options. Then as he got older, men flirting with him just made him flustered because he had spent so long ignoring it and avoiding it.
. It was just an observation. I like Spock too.”
“Well, jeez, Cas. If I didn’t know any better, I would think you were jealous.” Dean joked, flashing Cas a grin.
“He’s not going to feel any kind of way.” Dean replied evenly. “He doesn’t care.”
“I’m normally better at this.” The hunter tried to explain, his voice cracking from just how flustered he was becoming. Dean Winchester had never been bad at sex. He had mastered the one night stand. He had made backs arch, toes curl, and earned praise like his name was that of a god. But here he stood, confused and lost and so overwhelmed with desire that his jeans had become a denim prison.
“Told ya you are a lot like Spock.” Dean muttered when the credits rolled, stretching his entire body zealously until he heard his back pop. Of course that had caused his thigh to rub up against Castiel’s, the damn angel just had to sit practically on top of him.
because you feel like you should be compensated for the money he’s making off of his bees’ honey.” He groaned.
awkward-all by Dean’s doing. He couldn’t stop thinking about the first night that Cas had stayed at the bunker, couldn’t stop thinking about what Cas’ mouth looked like wrapped around his… but none of that mattered anymore. Dean forced it in the closet of his mind and locked the door. It had only been a onetime thing, and it wasn’t going to happen again. His brain had just gotten things mixed up, that was all.
going to be here when Dean wakes up. I’ll be gone for at least an hour, okay? In case you guys… never mind. I’ll grab you and Dean some breakfast too. See you in a bit, Cas.” Sam ducked out of the hotel before Cas could even reply, leaving the angel even more confused.
“I know how to season things.” Cas glared.
“Hunting alone? That’s brave.” Seb shot Dean another dazzling smile and he felt his stomach flutter nervously. He was pretty sure the guy was flirting with him, and it’s not like Dean was blind, the man was hot as hell.
Rolling his eyes, Cas sat back up. Dean grinned again and stretched, maybe peacocking a little bit as he did so. Cas smiled down at him before noticing what a mess Dean was. He took his thumb and smeared it through both his and Dean’s come, smoothing it into the flesh of Dean’s stomach. Dean immediately scrunched his nose up, displeased and said “Seriously? I’m getting sticky.” Cas huffed a sigh and waved his hand. The motion completely cleaned up any evidence of sex and broken lightbulbs, and Cas’ wings were neatly tucked back into another plane of existence. Neither of them even had to tuck themselves back in their jeans or zip up.
Cas knew all the different flower types and loved how Dean had arranged them. When Dean confessed that he planted the mint to attract bees, he was pretty sure by the look that Cas gave him that maybe Cas was just a little in love with him too. Once Cas was done looking at the flowers (and greeting the bees that were of course on the flowers), they wandered over to the pond to sit at the bench underneath the willow tree. Frogs were croaking and crickets were chirping, both enjoying the gentle breeze. Dragonflies danced across the ponds surface collecting water, only to stop on the lily pads to rest. The whole thing was picturesque and perfect, and Dean was… he was happy. It wasn’t like he had been particularly
Castiel’s eyes scanned scanned Dean’s freckled face as a slight blush spread across his cheeks. Dean had made off hand comments like this in the past. He would always blush a little, always have a look in his eyes that Cas couldn’t quite place, like he’s just waiting for the day that someone finally acknowledged it.
Cas’ voice replayed in Dean’s head for the millionth time in the last few hours, reminding him that Cas was only a phone call or a prayer away. Dean could pray to him right now, and he could zap into the back seat of the Impala before Dean even said ‘amen’. But there was no way in hell Dean was doing that, not when it made him feel like a needy teenage girl asking ‘so, what are we?’ after the first date. He would just talk to Cas whenever he came back. Dean cranked the Impala and kept the windows down, the warm spring weather creeping in. He pointedly ignored the way Sam was looking him as they pulled out of the Burger King parking lot, but it apparently wasn’t enough to keep Sam from poking.
him. Dean should’ve paid more attention to what he was doing. He should have measured out the Djinn essence more accurately. He should have stopped himself from making yet another dumbass mistake, because he didn’t realize he had injected too much until the affects hit him like a derailing train. His vision blurred as a wave a nausea hit him, and he felt like he was floating on a cloud that was made of rainbows and fucking puppies and he
Dean’s stomach did a weird flip flop. That weird feeling he always got when he was about to hear something he really didn’t want to hear was creeping up on him. He asked the question anyway. “Why are they black now?”
“Cas let you touch them.” Sam replied softly.
“Hey, Cas?” Dean said, nudging him.
“Time. Yeah.” Dean interrupted. He smiled weakly. Sam had been right before. “Thank, Sammy.”
. That’s all.”
Eileen had not been kidding about attracting honey bees. It had only been about 30 minutes and they were
“Your leisure activities are of no concern to me.” Castiel said, tilting his head in confusion. Dean blushed bright red, only furthering Cas’ confusion, but he couldn’t help but admire how it brought out the hunter’s freckles.
Dean shrugged. There was suddenly a little though too loud voice in the back of his head mentioning that maybe if he just talked to Sam about some of the shit he was dealing with, maybe he would feel just a little better. “I just…I got a lot on my mind.”
Castiel thought for a moment. “It’s not that it hurts. It’s just very uncomfortable.”
“I hope all the good costumes aren’t gone.” Dean said excitedly, pulling the keys out of the ignition and opening his car door. Sam and Cas followed suit, exchanging looks, knowing at this point they were both just along for the ride. Dean rarely got excited over something, but when he did, he was a force to be reckoned with. Sam bit down the need to remind Dean that this was a stupid expense to use their stolen credit cards on. Maybe if Dean stayed in his happy mood, he would be easier to talk to later. Sam didn’t see the harm in letting him have his fun.
So apparently my emails that I was sending people never went through. (face palm). I'm gonna try to get on that tomorrow. This also applies to any comments I haven't responded to, if I have power, that is. Gotta love hurricane Florence coming for my area.
Also! I'm looking into fanart being made for my fics. If you, or someone you know is taking commissions for fanart, please contact me at anchorsoutatseaonao3@yahoo.com
“I wasn’t
did not like the smirk on his little brother’s face.
“It depends on the plant. Some take months to fully mature, but some will be fine. You should go to the Farmer’s Market tomorrow. They sell plenty of seeds there. Really delicious organic vegetables too.” She looked almost dreamy while elaborating on all the things the market had to offer, and Dean bit back a laugh. She really was the perfect girl for Sam.
As Dean rolled over in bed, he knew that he would have never fooled around with Daniel had a shit ton of alcohol not smoothed the way. He had been too drunk to overthink the situation or think about what John or others would have to say about the situation. It had been relieving to flirt with someone he found attractive without fear of other’s opinions just because the person he was flirting with had the same junk as him.
to. All of the angels that needed to be were created at the same time by God himself. Angels didn’t need to add to the population at the time. I suppose after everything that’s happened, it’s a good thing he gave the option as a sort of backup plan. Heaven’s count is significantly lower than it once was. We have control over whether or not we want to be affected by the mating season.” Dean just nodded, his hand continuing to glide through the feathers as if he was transfixed.
Someone cleared their throat from behind Dean, causing him to jump. He turned around and gave the El Sol delivery driver a sheepish smile. Apparently the poor guy had finished stocking the beer in the cooler and needed Cas to sign a paper for him, and Dean was holding him up by drooling over Cas. He gave Cas one last smile that Cas returned before quickly ringing up his pie and placing it in a bag as he gave Dean his total. Dean paid, trying not to fumble over his cash knowing that not only was he holding someone up, but that he had had an audience for his shameless flirting.
Dean. If Gabriel was alive, and he and Ariel could find him, they would be making huge progress in removing the mark if they could get the archangel to agree to perform the spell.
“Cas… you’re in love with Dean.” The words cut through Castiel with more intensity than he could’ve imagined. He opened his mouth to argue, but then quickly shut it. All he knew of love was what the people in this house had taught him, and what Jimmy Novak had showed him when he gave Castiel his vessel to save his daughter. Before any of that, Castiel had never felt love. But what he felt towards Dean was something he couldn’t put into words. Dean was his heaven. Dean was his home. Dean was his everything. He looked up at Sam, noticing that Sam’s facial expression was nothing short of thrilled. He had one of those true, sincerely grins that met his eyes and exposed his dimples. “You have to tell him.”
Cas looked down, avoiding Dean’s eyes. “I wanted to congratulate you on laying the spirit to rest.” Dean stiffened, but the angel didn’t seem to notice. “And… I needed some time away from heaven.” Dean wanted to, but he didn’t press the subject. Instead, when the bartender finally made her way to him, he ordered two beers instead of one, and slid one over to Cas. Castiel thanked him gratefully, taking a long sip from the bottle.
. This was getting out of hand. This
was stunning. He was so effortlessly beautiful and had no idea. Dean nearly dropped his supplies because he was so fixated, so enamored by the way Cas was looking at him with clear, expecting eyes.
“I don’t feel good, fuck off.” He grumped, his voice slightly muffled.
“Yeah, well, what do
The most shocking part about Dean preening Cas’ wings wasn’t that he actually got to see and touch actual angel wings, it was that Sam saw him leaving Cas’ room sleepy and bed ruffled the next morning and didn’t say a word. The sasquatch looked confused for a moment and went to open his mouth to ask a question, but then a look of realization came across his face and he just went about his day like nothing had happened. Sam hadn’t brought it up, and Dean sure as hell wasn’t about to bring it up. He was incredibly thankful that his brother was smart enough to know that Cas had finally caved and let Dean help him with his wings and that the situation wasn’t nearly as kinky as it seemed, regardless of Dean being so well-rested and Cas being so happy that next day. The last thing he needed was Sam making jokes about him and Cas like that. It was annoying and bratty, and typical little brother shit before, but that was before Dean realized that he really, really didn’t want it to be a joke anymore.
Though it seemed a little forced, she smiled back at him before putting her headphones back in her ears and pulling out her phone to tap away on it.
and he had to explain to him that it did
The man flashed his pearly whites at Dean again, and Dean tried to fight the blush threatening to spread across his cheeks at how predatory it felt, how charming the delicate flutter of his eyelashes was. “Don’t worry, you’re amongst friends.” The man reached out, offering his hand. “The name is Sebastian. I go by Seb.” Dean took the Seb’s hand hesitantly but didn’t offer a name. “I’m a hunter like yourself. You must be working the vampire case too.”
“G’night, Dean.” Sam mumbled from his own bed.
Dean took another step back, but he was pressed up against the wall now. “Whoa, whoa, whoa. You got the wrong idea, lady. It’s not like that. I’m straight. Ya hear me? Straight.”
“My name is not Greg, Dean.”
. He quickly adverted his eyes and muttered “You seemed to have enjoyed it.”
“Is there coffee too?” Cas interrupted. He had a grumpy frown on his face that was damn near adorable and Dean smiled, knowing he was a lost cause.
Sam sighed, his nostrils flaring. Oh god. Was he about to give another speech? “You do realize that I’ve been around nearly every step of the way since you’ve met Cas, right? You do realize I’m not blind? I’ve seen all the staring Dean. I’ve seen all the
“-and they won’t hesitate to kill you.” A smirk suddenly spread across Rowena’s lips. “Dear Sam Winchester, he didn’t even have to think twice about giving you that hex bag. It may have been my idea, but he was all for the delivery of it, my dear.”
Sam scoffed. “You don’t think I don’t remember you leaving Cas’ room that one morning, and how he stopped being all grumpy and losing feathers after that?” Dean felt himself redden. “So yeah, I know you’ve touched his wings before, and you’re about to do it again.”
Castiel released a shaky sigh and stood up, noting the overjoyed look on Sam’s face. He narrowed his eyes at Sam, wishing he could somehow blame all of this on him. He slowly walked out of the room, feeling his entire vessel shake nervously. He found himself wondering if this was how humans felt when placed in the same situation.
would like-“
“Not exactly.” Cas butted in before Sam could answer. “The way you see Lucifer is as a vessel, the only way you’ve ever seen him. But I don’t believe that the legend that goes with the tramping ground would follow that sort of description. It would follow stereotypical lore.”
Cas sighed and thought long and hard for a moment, avoiding Dean’s eyes. When he finally looked up, he looked like he wanted to flap out of the room and Dean swallowed hard. He could feel his breath picking up speed and his heart beating too fast. Maybe Cas had regretted the forehead kiss. Maybe he realized it was a mistake and wished he wouldn’t have wasted it on someone that was to blame for him being captured and tortured. Maybe-
or whatever. So, why not? Cas seemed into it. He was all smiles, even if most of them were in his eyes and not on his lips. And occasionally Dean would say something to get one of those full fledged smiles, and it had his stomach doing somersaults.
He couldn’t breathe.
“They’re not right about you, Dean. They never are.” He looked up, his soft, blue eyes searching Dean’s. Dean swallowed and licked his lips. “It’s not just about you.” Cas added. His eyebrows were furrowed, leaving deep creases across his forehead. Dean knew that look. It was the one that Cas always got when his own thoughts or emotions confused him, and he had no idea how to place how he was feeling.
“Kill them.” Vera hissed at Ivan. He immediately disappeared into the dark water with a splash, and Dean immediately opened his mouth to try to shout a warning to Sam and Cas, but Vera slapped a slimy, webbed hand over his mouth. “You’d better hope you last long enough to mate. If not, I’m going for them next.”
But Dean didn’t handle any of it as well as he should have. He missed Sam. He missed his dad. He missed hunting with them, and missed the strange, fucked up life they had created since mom had died. Hotel rooms had never been so lonely. It wasn’t the same without Sam’s snoring and the low hum of the television that John kept on as he flipped through his journal over and over, hoping he had missed some clue about the yellow eyed demon. And so Dean, refusing to have any chick flick moments, did the only thing he knew how to do, he shoved his feelings down and tried to bury them.
Castiel smiled, a little force. “I don’t think this is the kind of place that Dean would be caught dead in.” He said, eyeing the pink walls and over the top French décor before making eye contact with her again.
“Wasn’t one of your resolutions to cut back on drinking?” Sam said, scrunching up his nose in disappointment.
Dean cleared his throat before speaking. “Yeah. I guess. This was a stupid idea.” He said, his voice gruff. “You first, Sammy.”
“I assure you, Dean, I will take full responsibility for the potatoes.” Cas deadpanned, feeling warmth seep through his chest when the response made Dean laugh.
The diner was within walking distance to the inn, and to Dean’s complete and utter dismay Sam insisted that they should walk there. He ran his hand along Baby, muttering an apology to her as he walked by. Dean looked around. The town was nice, and quaint. But it seemed significantly busier than it has last night, and he noticed streamers and banners hanging from the telephone poles and lamps throughout the streets. Music was also now playing over the speakers. “Well this town is very… colorful.” Dean muttered, eyeing the rainbow of colors. Suddenly Sam stopped walking, his eyes wide and his eyebrows raised with realization. “Sammy? What’s wrong?” Dean asked, immediately stopping with him.
“And end up going missing.” Dean finished Sam’s thought. Dean groaned. “Sounds like a Tulpa, doesn’t it?”
Dean looked down, having completely forgotten about his jeans being in the washer. If his face wasn’t already red from embarrassment, he would have blushed slightly, but he reminded himself that he had nothing to worry about. It was
“You’re right. It’s about me being a god damn idiot. I never should have told you about any of this.” Dean was on his feet and storming out of the room before he could even process his own movement. So, back to being a jerk to people about things that were his fault again. Shocking. Dean wasn’t predictable. Nope. Not at all.
to shut the fuck up. He had come so close to fucking up
“What? The cops said it was a suicide.” Mrs. Brayden narrowed her eyes at Dean suspiciously.
Castiel leaned forward, gently covering the Mark of Cain with his hand. “I would never give up on you. You and I…we’ve been through so much together. The only thing finding you like that did was terrify me. I felt helpless. I felt like I had failed you and that’s why you had to turn to such drastic measures to protect yourself from the mark.”
, or just in general not be able to wake up again.
“Where is Dean?”
but an even bigger part of himself felt like that would be stealing. He did want to find out more about it though, so when he found Cas in the library, he immediately jogged up to him, holding out the feather. Hey, Cas-“
Cas shook his head. “They
them.
Cas tried not to think about how someone like Dean in his life would make him happy. Not necessarily romantically or sexually, but just having someone like Dean around would certainly be a step in the right direction. “I think I want to help people.” Cas finally answered. “I think it’s something I would be good at.”
Later that night, Dean worked himself in an absolutely sour mood over the fact that he hadn’t gotten anything for Cas yet. Sam had gotten sick of waiting on him at the mall and had not only bought all his gifts, but also bought Christmas lights, and a tiny desk tree with mini ornaments and all. He and Cas were having an in-depth discussion on how Cas felt about Christmas since he was an angel while Dean grumpily kicked out on the couch. He closed his eyes and pretended to be resting, but his smile gave him away when Cas didn’t appreciate the little mini angel that was expected to go on their tiny tree, and Sam awkwardly stuffed it back in the box.
Charlie dismissed him with a wave of her hand. “Dead, schmead. Where’s Dean? I’m not telling this story twice.” Sam just gaped at her.
Cas looked at Dean’s ripped up pile of wrapping paper woefully but followed Dean’s lead and ripped the rest of the paper off. It revealed a massive book. Dean leaned closer to Cas to read what it was about, but everything on the cover was written in Enochian. Dean was pretty sure he could pick up some spoken Enochian, but the symbols and letters just looked like something a spastic toddler wrote on a birthday card.
Dean whipped his legs around to the side of his bed, standing up to stretch as he shook the thoughts from his head. He grimaced as joints popped and made his way over to the bottle of Jack that was on his dresser. It was mostly gone, he found himself drinking more and more frequently to keep the Mark quiet. He knew both Cas and Sam had noticed but kept avoiding the subject, especially after the Tulpa incident. Both his brother and best friend just helplessly kept searching for a cure. Dean was pretty sure he had even heard Sam praying one night, which was absolutely ridiculous. God didn’t help them with the apocalypse, and he certainly wasn’t going to help them with the Mark.
Castiel stood up abruptly. There were various bees flying about his jars and booth, but none of them paid him any mind as he went around the table and got up in Dean’s personal space. Dean should’ve had the normal reaction to take a step back, but instead he stood there, frozen, as Castiel gently cupped his face, his thumb smoothing over Dean’s injured eyebrow. It was way too close and way too intimate and Dean forgot how to breathe. “Most of the swelling is gone. You must be taking care of it.” He dropped his hand but didn’t step away. “You know, it’s kinda funny. One of the best natural remedies for a bee sting is honey. Would you like to buy some?”
Castiel remained in his corner of the cage. He had given up trying to fight Magnus a long time ago, but he would never go to him willingly. Not with the things he did, the things he
“I’ve been listening to this song. I… rather enjoy it.” He finally responded, turning his head to the front of the car as his big blue eyes flickered to the review mirror to meet Dean’s green ones.
Sam saw Dean’s facial expression twitch as he looked at Cas, and when he spoke he was trying very hard to keep his tone even. “Yeah. Maybe.” He looked back at Sam, completely unamused. “Well, text me and let me know how you’re feeling or if I need to pick up anything else. We shouldn’t be out too late.”
Cas’ fingers tips tightened on the scar before he spoke. “These hands have also hurt you.” He said quietly. “Many times, you’ve been left bruised and bloody because of me.”
of character development between 10x22 and 12x23. This Crowley has not experienced any of that growth. Don't expect him to be the good guy.
“You want us to write down New Years resolutions?” Sam asked skeptically. He was already parked in front of the television in the den on New Year’s Eve, his long limbs barely contained in the worn, comfortable recliner to the right of the couch. He had a beer cracked open and had just gotten down with a shower, his hair still damp and floppy. His eyes already looked tired from the amount of time he had spent in front of his laptop earlier checking the algorithm for any sign of Rowena.
“Hey, Sam.” A voice responded to him. “You’ve been practicing.” Sam honest to god
Dean would never admit it, but Cas had been right. He should have woken Sam up and immediately started looking for the body, because even though they started looking for the body that afternoon, daylight was quickly fading, and they
“Yeah, buddy. You can help me question the families if you want. It can be pretty boring doing it by myself.” Dean said, patting him on the back as he stood up.
Cas swallowed. Hard. Dean was so nonchalant about his compliment, completely unknowing of how a statement like that would be
Sam saw an opportunity and had to take it. He needed to gauge Dean’s reaction. “Wasn’t there a lot of fan speculation that Captain America and the Winter Soldier were a couple after the second movie?”
Coughing up a little blood, Magnus laughed. “Do you think I’d ever allow you enough power to smite something while you’re here?” Cas scowled and jerked his hand back, only the shove in through the bars again to wrap around Magnus’ throat, lifting him up by the tender flesh. Magnus choked and squirmed, his legs kicking beneath him. “We could have been so powerful together.” He choked around each word, and yet there was still this clinical, curious look in his eyes.
Castiel entered his very own bedroom in the bunker and closed the door behind him. His eyes scanned the room to make sure he was alone. It was an old habit as a soldier of Heaven that he would probably never be able to break. His bedroom was still incredibly barren, and he still had a hard time accepting that it was
“Yes… Cyrus really loved Sean, didn’t he?” The angel’s voice was incredibly somber.
Dean scoffed. “How the fuck would you know? You’ve never been stung by one.”
between them.
suggest rereading it. I changed a few things to avoid plot holes in the future. I did a lot of debating between having Dean have the MoC and getting rid of that aspect of the fic, but decided to keep it as canon compliant as possible and so Dean once again has the mark during this fic.
had even tried calling him.
“Skinny dipping. You know, going swimming in your birthday suit.” Vera replied with an eyeroll, sliding out of her shorts once her boots were kicked out of the way.
Kirk to you.” Chris teased, winking.
Cas was 32 and working a dead end job at a gas station, so he knew he wasn’t sure about a lot of things in life. But one thing he was absolutely certain of was that Dean was easily the most beautiful person that Cas had ever met, and his good looks were only the tip of the iceberg. Dean had a beautiful soul and was such a beacon of light that the light leaked out and touched anything in his life, and Cas couldn’t help but feel warm and at ease around him. It made Cas oddly protective of him, wanting to make sure that nothing about this gorgeous man was ever changed, that the world would never harden him.
P.S: If you're one of my readers that I've been emailing, please let me know whether or not you've gotten an email back from my. My email account has been acting odd.
“You know.” Sam added, one of those suspicious smirks on his face as he continued to stare at the tv. “One of the traditions people celebrate on New Year’s Eve is when the clocks strike midnight they kiss-“
Castiel would be the first to admit, Dean wasn’t always right. There times when he was impulsive, times that he made decisions that were selfish to save the people he loved. There were times when he let his anger get the best of him and acted before he thought. But he was still so
“Neither do I.” Sam agreed, sighing sadly. “Killing a Tulpa is always harder than chopping off a head or stabbing with silver or laying a demon trap.”
“Yeah?” Dean said excitedly, reluctantly pulling his eyes back in front of him. “You do?” Dean normally would have pointed out that he meant Castiel had been quiet most of the drive, not just in the past few minutes, but
Dean nodded mutely, picking Sam up and surprisingly not struggling with his weight due to the mark affects still coursing through him. Cas helped him carry Sam anyway, eyeing him carefully. “Dean-“
“Hey, don’t judge me.” Dean replied, smiling at Cas shyly.
Cas stared out the window of the Impala. Though it was getting late in the year and the outside air was chilly, it was a beautiful day, and he couldn’t help but admire how the light caught on the fields next to the strip of road that he and Dean cruised down. The first victim had lived in the countryside with his family, and it was taking Dean longer than he had anticipated in order to get to their house. Cas was quiet, his mind working even faster than the car he was sitting in. He should be in heaven right now. Even though some of the angels gave him full recognition for being able to find the way back into the holy land, Cas still felt like he owed them so much more, and a bad feeling was spreading from in his core like he was once again failing them by not taking their offering as leader of Heaven. He furrowed his eyebrows as his stared out the window, trying to place the emotion.
“It doesn’t seem like you’re clocked in right now.”
“Molly, do you mind if I ask you a few questions about Briar Cliff Inn?”
“….excuse me?”
“I love you too.”
“So far. The people here seem nice.” He smiled at Dean pointedly, causing him to blush and grab his pizza. “I plan on staying. I’m still not sure what I plan on doing with my life just yet. But I’ll figure it out.”
“It asks all these questions about you, and based on how you answer them, it sets you up with someone else on the app that they think is a perfect match. So, you get a real connection out of it because you’re more likely to have a lot in common.”
To Dean’s complete shock, Ross actually laughed. He tucked the plastic back into his jacket. “Suit yourself, man.”
was helping him heal in ways beyond physical. But somehow what he had said had made Dean uncomfortable. Castiel was having a hard time determining where the line between comfort and discomfort was. Sometimes he would say something, and Dean would blush and begrudgingly accept it. Other times, Dean would become obviously uncomfortable. Castiel would admit that sometimes he enjoyed seeing how far he could push it, but Dean was never consistent with his responses. There were times that Castiel thought for sure that Dean would recoil from a comment only to find him basking in it. Equally, there were times that Castiel was certain he had said the right thing, only to find Dean shy away. It was infuriating and captivating all at once. Much like everything about Dean was.
. I’ll still have my own grace, but it’ll be significantly weaker. There is a chance the other angels won’t allow me to return to replenish it.” Dean just listened and nodded, hoping Cas would continue. “I should get used to doing things without my grace so I can save it for times when it’s really needed, Dean.”
“Jody’s told me a lot about you boys.” Noah stated, shaking all their hands. He shook Castiel’s hand last and eyed the trench coat. “You the angel?” He asked, his voice laced with wonder. Cas just squinted and nodded, which seemed good enough for Noah. Noah adjusted his belt and leaned against his cop car, careful to keep his coffee from spilling. “Well, of course the department thinks these girls are crazy. It didn’t help that they had been drinking. They had tried to talk to the officers already stationed at the hotel for the convention, but they didn’t take them seriously either.”
about something?”
about seeing Cas not wearing a million different layers of clothes. “There you go. Isn’t that more comfortable?”
Mia apprehensively released the death grip on her legs so that she could sit with her legs crossed like her two friends. “Charlie? Did I pass my anatomy and physiology final?” She relaxed even more when the pencil pointed to yes.
If Castiel wasn’t so distracted, he would be able to appreciate the authenticity of the café. He wasn’t sure who owned the business, but all the Japanese on the scrolls hanging on the wall next to him was correct in both grammar and characters, the zabuton wasn’t cheap, nor was the silk it was wrapped in, and the hostess had asked him to remove his shoes at the door. Ariel often surprised him with the places she wanted to meet. Sometimes they were small, hole-in-the-wall cafés, while other times they were expensive, elaborate restaurants. His favorite location had been a restaurant and opera in Rome, and yet Ariel still clearly had judged him when he suggested a Biggerson’s one time, teasing him about being uncultured for an angel that had been around since before humans developed culture.
Crowley placed his elbow on his throne’s armrest, resting his chin on his knuckles. Natasha, one of his least favorite demons was rambling on about soul intake, and he couldn’t care less. Hell was flourishing, no one was getting too soul greedy, and his hellhounds were well fed. The numbers didn’t matter. He was relieved when David, another of his useless henchmen came bursting through the doors unceremoniously. He knew David must have good news or he wouldn’t dare interrupt so rudely.
.” Cas snapped. The lights flickered at his irritation and Dean’s eyes grew wide, apparently not expecting his intense irritation.
Okay so... wow. Just wow. My first convention experience was
To Dean’s shock, after a few drinks, Sam was actually the one hustling. Sam often still had his moments where he preached about a ‘honest living’, and seemed to think he was above hustling some drunk bastards at a bar. Dean watched him proudly, making his way back over to the bartender to order another beer. He took a seat on a barstool, dizziness settling over him slowly. Okay, so maybe he was just a little more drunk than he was planning to be. But today had been rough, and he certainly wasn’t thinking about some ghost that just assumed everyone liked it up the ass anymore.
And it was at that moment that Castiel really, truly realized he was in love with Dean Winchester.
started leaking oil. Then, he found out that the master bathroom had a
. It had been awhile since he had heard a peep out of the mark and Cas was being awkward and adorable. Dean hadn’t thought to tell the bartender that he didn’t want jalapenos on the nachos, but it worked out perfectly when Cas loved them. But then Dean suddenly felt a shift between them that had him squirming in his seat.
Dean leaned in close to Cas, glaring at him as Cas just stared at him blankly. “Do you want to explain to me why you sent us out on a case that involves me getting hit on every time I turn around?”
. He began coughing and felt himself foaming at the mouth. He was vaguely aware of the amulet necklace that Sam had given him digging into his collarbone from how he had landed on his bed. Despite feeling himself slipping, he clung to the sensations of the little amulet’s horns digging into his skin. Dean wasn’t clueless. He knew what this was. This was an overdose. He had been too panicked to think about the fact that he was injecting twice the amount that he normally did. He was going to die without apologizing to Sam. Without saying goodbye to Donna and Jody, or teasing Claire or Alex one last time. Without telling Cas how he felt. His eyes slipped closed, and with the last ounce of energy he had left, he prayed to Cas.
He grumbled at himself, getting in line and wondering if he had bought enough bourbon for their eggnog.
“Hello, Castiel.” She responded, just as formally. Castiel almost smiled at her. It was apparent that he wasn’t the only angel that had a preference when it came to their vessel. Ariel always choose a very similar vessel, female with black hair and brown eyes, usually in her late 20’s or early 30’s. This vessel had bangs and a short bob with a professional demeanor but soft, light brown eyes and an attractive face that was very fitting to her personality.
Dean didn’t have time to respond before everything went black.
a case, even if it was on the other side of the country.
“Oh.” The man replied, looking slightly embarrassed. “I guess it’s good that it’s a joke. Smoking is terrible for you. Though I can’t imagine this pie is much better.”
Dean bit his lip and shook his head. “And what’s going to happen before we find a cure? Who am I going to hurt? I’ve already attacked Cas, I tried to attack you. Someone is going to get killed, Sam.” He turned to Cas. “I get that if I die I come back. But you have to be able to smite me or something, man.”
“Just zap it.” Dean mumbled, shrugging. Cas wouldn’t meet his eyes.
“There’s no way we can afford to stay at this place.” Dean muttered uncertainly, leaning forward to look through the windshield of the Impala.
Cas flopped down on the loveseat next to Dean gracelessly. “My grace is… dwindling. It’s been too long since I’ve been to Heaven, and I’ve been… careless with the distribution of it.” Dean bit his tongue to stop himself from saying ‘I told you so’ because they had had this discussion multiple times since Cas had moved into the bunker, deciding that he might leave Heaven permanently.
Dean placed his arm on Cas’ shoulder gently. “Aw c’mon. Don’t be like that. You’ll get better, it just takes practice. I mean, you’ve had like millions of years of practice with your angel blade. You just started using a gun. It’ll get easier.” Castiel looked up at him, his lips quirking into a little smile. He took his own hand and placed it on the exposed skin of Dean's arm where the Mark of Cain was burned into his skin. Dean flinched. It was so intimate. Cas’ hands were cold, and the cool sensation against his burning skin felt nice, but underserved. Something about an angel, something so pure, touching someone as tainted and broken as Dean didn't feel right. Dean swallowed hard. Cas deserved better. He deserved an apology for all the times Dean had fucked up when it came to him. But the words died on Dean’s tongue before they could leave his mouth.
This chapter is named after a song by Bad Company that mentions an overdose.
“Not really.” Dean huffed. “Apparently I don’t have a lot in common with too many people.”
The Tulpa moved all at once, entirely unexpected after it’s taunting. Dean blinked and suddenly it was in front of the three of them, knocking Cas to the side with its tail while throwing Dean in the opposite direction. It picked up Sam by the throat and he kicked his legs violently, struggling to escape the grip. Dean didn’t even have time to call out his name before Sam was shoving Ruby’s knife into the devil Tulpa’s hand. It hissed in pain and flexed its fingers, causing Sam to get just enough leverage to break free. He fell to the ground and Dean rushed forward, barely hearing Cas yell out ‘Dean, no!’. He stabbed the angel blade into the Tulpa’s back as hard as he could, really hoping he had stabbed it in its not-so imaginary kidney. The creature yowled and turned around, its tail swiping Dean’s feet from underneath him. Dean chest hit the ground with a thud, knocking the air out of his lungs and the blade from his hand as his head also hit the ground. The Tulpa kicked him onto his back and he wheezed and looked up at it, feeling the Mark of Cain grow angrier and angrier.
“Don’t, Dean.” Sam interrupted. “I get it. You feel like shit because you almost attacked me. But you didn’t. Cas stopped you. I don’t need you to focus on what you almost did. I need you to focus on getting better.”
“You were attacked by an undocumented creature. It left you with both physical injuries, and some sort of magical residue that was harming you further. Dean is in the kitchen with Bobby, drinking. They both needed to relax. They’ve been worrying over you for quite some time.” Castiel knew that because he had been watching previous to Dean praying to him, though he was ashamed to admit it. He had been struggling not to make himself known immediately so that he could heal Sam because he couldn’t help but wonder if bringing the Winchesters back from the brink of death time and time again was the right thing. But for some reason, whenever it came to Dean and his family, helping them always felt right.
The Beatles. I’m pretty sure mom never knew, because he knew how much she loved them and wouldn’t dare say anything about them, even if he did complain from time to time.” Castiel was reminded of how much he hated
“I am… having mixed feelings.” Cas finally added.
“Oh, no. It’s n-not even like th-that….I was j-just leaving…” Todd gestured to the door with his thumb over his shoulder, wincing at the strain on his arm that would be bruised from Castiel’s fingertips in the near future. The man stumbled away from Castiel quickly, and Castiel glared after him, sure he fled without even covering his bar tab.
Dean ignored the sick feeling, ashamed feeling in his stomach as he stuffed the bag in his pocket and headed for the Impala. He popped the trunk and reach for his first aid kit.
“Fine. You know what? I’m gonna go ahead and say it.” Bobby piped up. “….It’s about damn time, ya idjits!”
Dean stripped himself of his jeans, immediately bringing them to the washer, tossing them in, and hoping for the best. He could get blood out of
The girl jumped off the table, and all the vampires inched closer, but when Seb raised a hand, they stopped. Apparently, he was their leader, and the chick band wannabe was his queen. The girl approached him, her demented grin still plastered across her lips with burgundy lipstick smeared, revealing her fangs. She threw a leg over his lap and sat down, stroking a finger down his cheek. “The big, bad, scary Winchester. Not so scary all tied up.” She said in a baby voice.
baby’s keys in the fucking neighbor’s yard?” Dean exclaimed in disbelief, stopping so abruptly he almost stumbled on the grass.
Sam suddenly bent over, laughing so hard that his entire huge shoulders shook, and his hair fell in his face. Dean looked at him in pure confusion, having half a mind to start searching for a hex bag. Sam stood up straight, wiping his eyes. “The parade that Molly was talking about, the one I was telling you about earlier in our room… it’s a gay pride parade.”
“I’m alright.” Dean shrugged. “I… I’m better now that you’re back.” Dean abruptly crawled off Castiel, dropping on the bed next to him with a bounce. He picked at a piece of fuzz on the comforter nervously as Castiel sat up to cross his legs and face him. “I…. I feel like shit about all of this, Cas. I should’ve known there was something wrong sooner, but I… I thought you just didn’t want to talk to me. I thought after you found me, you just couldn’t look at me the same and wanted nothing to do with me.”
Dean licked his lips nervously, and Castiel knew he wanted to argue that things like that were only involuntary while asleep, but Dean also knew to take an out when it was offered to him. “Yeah.” He mumbled quietly. He draped his arm over his lap, and Castiel knew it was to hide where his own boxer briefs were tented, which was...interesting.
Dean had gotten stung three more times in the past week. He had easily become a regular at the pharmacy, and he had to deal with Garth spouting off home remedies for bee stings everyday at work while he was under the hood or body of a car. Luckily, no more of the stings had been on his face, just his arms and hands.
“Not yet. But I found some bedding…there’s a lot of them. I’m guessing at least eight.”
books! I’ve been missing out!” Sam fixed her with a serious look, frowning. “Oh, don’t give me that. You know I read them when I was preparing to be a hunter. And how else could I get all the grisly details into your lives?” She waggled her eyebrows at him.
“I’m not done, Dean.” Cas said, narrowing his eyes. Dean immediately shut his trap. “I still didn’t tell him anything. It wasn’t the first time I’ve been tortured. I doubt it will be the last.” Dean tensed up, and when Cas saw his reaction his expression softened. “Even though I was stubborn, he didn’t give up. He eventually noticed how….uncomfortable I got when he would bring you up. He was amazed that after everything, bringing you up was what affected me.” Cas’ eyes searched Dean’s face sadly. It took every ounce of his will not to wrap himself around the angel and comfort him, instead, he just spoke up.
to ask a million different questions about the feather, but Cas looked like he was so uncomfortable that he was going to zap out of there any second. Dean decided to change the subject. “So, um, good thinking with the Tulpa. With the Enochian. We would have been pretty screwed without you, buddy.”
and it drove Castiel crazy because he couldn’t place it. Almost as crazy as the guilt that Dean was clearly carrying alone. In the morning, before Dean’s first cup of coffee, his shoulders would be slouched, almost as if he wished he could condense himself to the point of disappearing entirely. He avoided eyes and when Castiel would finally be able to steal his line of vision, there was so much personal blame and pain behind glassy yet dazzling green irises. Once he was awake for a while, the walls would be back up, the façade fully restored. It caused Castiel such turmoil to know that whatever Dean was going through, he felt like he had to go through it alone. Castiel wanted to scream and shout that Dean could tell him anything, tell him
! It never has! When you become a hunter, everything you want is on the backburner. I don’t get the fucking luxury of going after what I want, none of us do.”
Dean never thought he would be this person. He was currently carrying a reusable canvas bag that was crammed full of seeds and vegetables, and he hadn’t even made it half way through the market yet. He was debating on going back to the Impala to empty the bag and start over, but figured he was probably going overboard and could just come back next weekend. Right as he was about to leave, something caught his eye. A rickety, wooden sign up ahead had “Castiel’s Honey” painted messily in yellow and black letters. The market was too crowded to see the booth or its owner, but Dean knew that it had to be his neighbor. Who the fuck else would have the name Castiel? Dean politely excused himself through the crowd to give his neighbor a piece of his mind about his god damn bees but stopped short right in front of the booth.
All he had to do was hold Cas’ head like this and lean in and kiss him.
“Starting with the disappearance of Nathaniel Spellman.” Sam interjected. “Do you know anything about him? Were you the one that checked him in?”
Dean was a little overwhelmed by how adorable he thought Cas was in this moment, and he wasn’t even sure why. “Anything you want.” He said a little breathlessly.
Inside was the amulet necklace that Sam had given him as a child. The necklace that he had thrown away and didn’t regret doing so until it would have been impossible to track down. Dean was positive it was the same one, as it was slightly worn in all the correct places, though it looked like it had been shined up a bit. “Cas… wh-where did you get this?” He asked in awe, grabbing the necklace and letting the box fall in his lap.
Dean bent over to bang his head against the table a few times dramatically. When he lifted his head, he saw that the conversation had officially grabbed Castiel’s attention. Dean looked back over to Sam. “So you’re telling me that we could be dealing with some sort of manifestation of Lucifer?”
“Of course, we’ll check it out.” Dean answered for Sam, shooting Cas a glare when he realized the angel had stolen the remote and turned the tv back to the documentary.
Cas could hear his blood rushing in his ears, and feel it rushing south. That sounded suspiciously like a proposition. He
I know this fic is probably getting
Castiel placed a comforting hand on Dean’s shoulder while the hunter bit back tears. “Dean… how could you do this to yourself?” Castiel got no warning before Dean’s panic turned to anger, his eyes narrowing bitterly as he once again struggled to sit up properly, knocking Castiel’s hand off.
Cas’ eyes casted down to his lower half like he had completely forgotten what he was wearing. He looked back up at Dean and mumbled “Sam gave them to me. He thought they might be more comfortable since I’ve been sleeping lately. Do you need them back?”
books start getting published again?” The lady explained that production had stopped for a little, but luckily a wealthy Scandinavian investor, Carver Edlund was able to start publishing again. Sam heard Dean cursing profusely next to him, thinking the same thing he was thinking; despite saying he would, Chuck hadn’t stopped writing at all. The lady was side eyeing Dean and did not seemed pleased with how he was acting.
Dean stood up shakily, adjusting his flannel which had done it’s best to fly off in the wind. “I guess I just don’t have my sea legs.”
much, and since he wasn’t paying attention, a ton of water splashed right out of the sink, all over his jeans. He poured the rest of the water down the sink haphazardly, muttering every curse word he could think of under his breath. He really hoped there wasn’t bleach in the cleaner, he was wearing his favorite jeans.
distracted.”
“Sounds like it.” Sam replied, already having his mind made up. Dean wanted to gag, Sam would probably stick to yogurt. “I’ll go check out the bodies, see if there’s anything weird going on there. You stop by the victims’ families and see if you can find out if their sexuality was really the common ground.” Sam looked up at Dean sternly. “And don’t be a dick about it.” He added.
“Not by choice, Dean.” The angel dropped his eyes to his beer bottle, and started fiddling with the label.
Castiel fought a little harder than he normally did as Magnus pinned him to the surgical table. He had heard Dean, heard him
Dean still having the scar from where Cas rescued him from hell is a little canon divergent, but let's face it, the only reason he doesn't still have the scar is because it would have been a pain in the ass for makeup. So I insist that in my fic, he still has the scar. The writers on the show can insist that the scar has went away due to the amount of times that Cas has healed Dean, but if Cas drug Dean's angsty ass out of hell and literally rebuilt him but left the scar, I think it's safe to say that the scar wouldn't heal over time.
“I think I may have a case for you and your brother.”
The abandoned warehouse was dark, and Dean hated himself for allowing Sam to convince him that they split up. Dean knew better than to think Sam was helpless, but he did make some meaningful eye contact with Cas, and silently got the angel to tail his pain in the ass little brother in case things went south.
.” Dean hissed, his hand still halfway in Cas’ pocket.
for it. The way that Cas had so effortlessly and comfortably touched him with love and adoration in his eyes… Dean moaned in frustration loudly and pulled the blanket over his head tighter.
“Like absolute shit, Cas.” Dean snorted humorlessly.
“Hey, um, Charlie? I’ve read the Harry Potter books since I was little, and I swear I’ve seen all the movies a million times. Will Emma, Daniel, and Rupert be as cool as I’m hoping when I meet them tomorrow at Comic-Con?”
Dean finished off his drink for the third time, staring at the empty pizza pan whose little bits of cheese and sauce had long since grown cold. “Well, I guess I should get you back to your house, huh Cas?” He muttered almost regretfully.
“What happened?” Cas asked, trying to mirror Sam, though he hadn’t quite worked out the soft tone that coaxed information out of people.
That had been days ago, but just before Natasha brought him into Magnus’ ‘examination room’, Dean had prayed
episode of
was keeping secrets from
Dean was no longer having a panic attack, but he could still hardly breathe.
feel the same way about him. Dean was a colossal fuck up, and Cas was this cosmic being that God himself had created to
“…how are you?” Sam’s voice was gentle, like he was speaking to a baby wild animal that he was afraid was going to run off.
“I would love to celebrate Thanksgiving with you, Dean.” Cas interrupted, causing Dean to breathe a sigh of relief.
Sam would never know it, but Dean was secretly glad he forced him to get up and hop in the shower. He was feeling a lot better now that he was clean, even if it was still way too hard to hold eye contact with Cas for too long. The angel either didn’t notice or chose not to comment on it, and for that Dean was relieved. Since Dean was “sick”, Sam insisted on driving, and Dean was jittering with nervous energy in the passenger seat. They had been using the algorithm for
Crowley flipped through the latest issue of Cosmopolitan magazine with one hand, his other hand brandishing a bright red cocktail. He raised it to his mouth carefully so that the pitchfork shaped cocktail fork wouldn’t poke him in the nose. His mother let out another long, loud, exaggerated sigh from her table, the third one in the past fifteen minutes. Crowley looked up at her. Her eyes were glued to
Rowena smirked proudly, uncrossing and crossing her legs again. “We don’t need to kill him. We just need to trap him.” Rowena saw Crowley open his mouth to interrupt but talked over him. “Not in holy oil. It won’t keep him long enough.” Rowena was practically basking in pride, clearly proud of whatever plan she had come up with. “When I was imprisoned, I overheard Sam telling the Charlie girl about a collector, someone who specialized in collecting and keeping magical beings captive.”
“No.”
Castiel finished the book on Tulpas and quietly sat it on the cheap, peeling nightstand next to the bed. He cracked his knuckles, a habit he had developed from time to time after watching the Winchesters do it if they had kept their hands in the same position for a long time. He shifted one of his legs, crossing it over the other. It made the bed move, and caused Dean to stir. The hunter made a sound of protest, and Cas froze. He looked down at Dean, curiously observing him. He uncrossed his legs, the movement once again getting a reaction out of Dean. This time, he shifted closer to Cas, and threw an arm across the angel’s lap. Castiel froze again, his blue eyes shot wide.
A noise much like a snarl escaped from Cas, and he angrily stood up, knocking his chair over. He didn’t bother to pick it up as he stormed off to his room, his breakfast untouched.
him like some fucking idiot. What would Cas have done? Punched him? Smited him? He would’ve deserved it. And oh god, Cas was all happy and pliant and relaxed because Dean had been stroking his wings… Dean had practically taken advantage of him!
He barely had time to fume on his own before Cas and Sam were at his heels. He stubbornly refused to scoot further into the booth so that Sam and Cas would be forced to sit across from him.
zero in on want. And he wanted the angel in more ways than he was willing to confess.
Dean grunted in response. He grabbed a piece of his toast, slathering jelly on it. Castiel abruptly raised his hand, dipping his index finger into the jelly. Dean froze, staring at him. Cas brought the finger to his mouth, slowly sucking the jelly off of it, and making a face. Dean exhaled, realizing he had been holding his breath, and watched as the angel sucked his finger clean.
Cas smiled against his lips and slid further down the bed, pulling Dean’s boxer briefs off in one quick, practiced movement before removing his own. Dean decided to refrain from commenting on the fact that they had little bees on them. Cas spread Dean’s thighs, fitting between them perfectly as he began to kiss a trail down Dean’s chest and stomach. Dean’s hands were already fisting in their silk sheets, his cock straining for attention. He would take a hundred more bee stings, a million more, if it meant that he got to keep this forever, if it meant that he always got to wake up to the completely insatiable love of his life.
You can find me on Twitter now! @AnchorsOutAtSea, the same as all my platforms. It’s gonnna be me being mostly Misha/Cas trash, but I’ll also try to use it to update info on my writing.
was a lot more interesting and he no longer wanted to get up.
Sam or even fucking Claire had heard from Cas. Yeah, Dean texted Claire and asked. Sue him.
“Dean.” Cas interrupted. “Breathe.” Dean’s chest was rapidly rising and falling and Castiel could detect his increased heart rate as he began to panic.
Castiel did not want to finish his list. Dean was clearly upset, and he wasn’t sure why. Castiel wanted to fix whatever was ailing Dean, but Dean was refusing to look at him and he knew it was not the time. He swallowed, though he didn’t need to, and continued his list. “I… I want to right all my wrongs.” He said firmly. This made Dean look back up at him, a sad but determined look in his eyes. Meanwhile, Sam’s eyes were full of empathy. They all felt like they had wrongs they needed to right. Castiel held eye contact with Dean for a moment before looking down at his final item. “And I want to be a better friend. To the both of you.”
when you’re just
“Ah, so there is some fight left in there somewhere.” Magnus smirked and stood from his seat at Castiel’s side. As he walked around to face Castiel, locked in place by his wings, he made sure to drag his fingers over the fresh gash on the angel’s ribcage. Castiel refused to meet his eyes, and Magnus jerked his head back by pulling his hair like Natasha had earlier. Castiel begrudgingly brought his eyes to meet Magnus’ as he dug his bloody fingers in Castiel’s hair at the root. “Out of all the things I do to you, that’s what always hurts you the most. It doesn’t matter how many bones I break or how much blood I draw, talking about Dean causes you more pain than any of your injuries. I thought I could break you by now. I thought eventually you wouldn’t be able to take the torture. All I’ve asked of you is how to harness an angel’s grace, Castiel. That’s all. No, I won’t let you go if you tell me, but the torture will stop… and if you don’t tell me, it’s only going to get worse.” He released Castiel’s hair, but the angel didn’t take his eyes off of him. “Since you seem to hold no value over your own well-being, I may just have to pay Dean a visit. Would you prefer I torture him in front of you instead?” Magnus’ mouth suddenly stretched into a demented grin. “Better yet…. What if I had
Dean suddenly dropped his eyes to his plate, a slight blush tinting his cheeks. “Oh, yeah…” He mumbled.
. Cas had only ever used a gun once, when Bobby had given him a shotgun. Shotguns had a wide spray, so Cas hadn’t exactly needed precision to cause a lot of damage. Handguns on the other hand were a little bit more complicated.
“We’ve already dealt with me.” Castiel responded, sitting up on his elbows so that he could peer back over his shoulder at Dean. “And now I’m asking about you.”
He knew that eventually he was going to having to think about what all of this meant. He was going to have to accept the fact that he craved Cas’ presence and worried about him leaving. He was going to have to acknowledge that there was a reason his dick was so quick to perk up about certain thoughts pertaining to the angel. He was going to have confess that there was meaning behind how far he was willing to go to protect Cas. He was going to have to admit that there was a reason he hadn’t the urge to do random bar hookups in years.
Dean observed Cas’ earnest expression, his chest tightening a little bit. Castiel didn’t want him and Sam to be in that kind of danger, but was willing to throw himself in it. “No way, man. We’ll do this together. Just like we always do. Team Free Will, remember?” Cas smiled a little, and Dean grinned back. “We wouldn’t let you do this alone, buddy. Besides, this Devil’s Tramping Ground has got me pretty interested. Usually all of the leads we get in North Carolina end up being local tall tales. But I feel like this one is gonna be pretty serious.” Cas nodded. “Let's kick this Tulpa's ass.” Dean added playfully.
on what it was exactly that Dean was doing to help the Mark. Of course, Dean didn’t have any, but he had stopped asking questions once Dean had said that he learned to channel his focus into his priorities, both of which were Sam and Cas. Dean wasn’t sure if Cas actually bought the half-lie, but it had made him stop following Dean around like a lost puppy. It didn’t stop the careful, calculated staring and soul-searching looks, but Dean was pretty sure those increased after their little preening session anyway.
books, titled “Road Trip”. “Well, here’s the deal. You don’t have to be a fan of it. It’s not for everyone. But stop getting in the way of other people trying to enjoy it.” She gestured behind them where two men were waiting patiently to get to the booth that they were all blocking. Startled, Sam, Dean and Cas gingerly moved out of the way. The two men stepped up to the booth and before Sam could even register who they were dressed as, the lady running the booth squealed. “Ahhh! You two are
Castiel narrowed his eyes at the hunter. “I am not a child for you to order around, Dean. I’m perfectly capable of joining you and your brother on a hunt.” Dean rolled his eyes, not bothering to hide his annoyance. It was then he realizes that when Cas rolled his own eyes, he had probably picked that up from him, not Sam.
Sam hopped off of the bed, pulling on his jacket. He would let Dean keep sleeping for a while and go down to the lobby to grab them some coffee. He quietly opened the room door, softly shutting it behind him. Sam pulled out his phone, making sure he didn’t have any missed texts or calls and nearly ran into Molly.
Sam chuckled humorlessly. "I thought so too, but how could it be? It was
“Fuck.” Dean swallowed hard and hoped that Sam and Cas were okay. Dean noticed that Seb was staring at him oddly. “I got something on my face?”
“I think he may be dreaming again. He occasionally says my name.” The angel stated innocently, his eyes flickering down to notice Dean grind against his leg ever so slightly.
“Dean….” Cas muttered disapprovingly.
but they needed to start working on a plan b because he wasn’t sure how much longer he could hold on.
“We are
“Is this your boat?” Sam asked, acknowledging the boat she had just hopped off of. The guy working on getting the propeller unstuck had abandoned his attempts to stare at them curiously.
I got stung.” Sam crossed his arms petulantly. Dean stood up abruptly, stumbling over to the coffee table that had his keys on it. If Sam wanted to be a brat, fine. But he could be a
“I hope you can hold your breath.” Vera hissed.
She grabbed his arm, gripping it firmly. “Aw, you’re not fun Dean.” Her grin dropped, and when she blinked up at Dean her blue irises glowed green, her round pupils now thin slits in her reptilian eyes.
“Why are you doing this?” Castiel asked softly. “We were never close in Heaven.”
And that was terrifying.
He couldn’t be sure, but he thought Dean kept catching him staring on the ride there, and couldn’t find himself to be embarrassed because that only meant that Dean was looking right back at him.
Dean let his eyes closed and let his head rest against the wall where they were sitting. He hummed the lyrics and occasionally mouthed the words, in his own little world. Castiel watched him carefully, much more interested in Dean than he ever was of the music.
“No.” Dean growled. “We’re not. But he needs help with his wings, and I’m going to help him. So if you could move-“
not to be too obvious with Cas. He felt like he told himself that every day, but he hoped that maybe if he did, it would eventually become second nature to him. Maybe his feelings for Cas would even calm down and eventually disappear. He watched the sunlight dance over the ocean waves bitterly. He couldn’t imagine that any time soon.
“Hey, are you having car trouble?” A familiar voice carried over to him. Cas stood up straighter to see around the hood of his car, and was surprised to see Dean making his way over to him. If Dean’s raised eyebrows and wide eyes said anything, he was equally just as surprised. Once he realized it was Cas, and an easy smile crept over his lips. Dean was in a simple, tight black shirt and faded ripped jeans that looked too worn to have been bought that way. There was also a black stain on one thigh, and Cas swallowed hard, not letting his eyes linger there too long.
“That’s what I’m betting on.”
“Did I do something wrong?” Seb asked worriedly, pushing his hair back.
“Yeah, but the more grace you use, the sooner you’ll have to go back to Heaven. And who knows, you might go one day and decide you don’t want to come back.” It was supposed to be a joke, but Dean’s heart clenched painfully at the truth behind it. Cas had been at the bunker for so long. It was only a matter of time before he left again, left
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean narrowed his eyes at him. “C’mon, Cas. We’re trying to help you. Whip those bad boys out and tell us what we need to do.”
“What I have to do is heal you, Sam.” Castiel raised his two fingers, his hand shaking, but Sam smacked them away.
“Try as you might, you haven’t gotten me killed so far, Dean. And if I’m going to die, I would rather it be amongst friends, fighting for what I believe is right.” Dean felt his heart swell with admiration for the being in front of him. Castiel was so
“Cas.” Dean croaked hoarsely, his body immediately sagging towards Castiel in relief despite his arms being pulled taut.
Things get a little smutty, but probably not in the way that you're thinking.
Castiel scrunched his nose up. Denial. That was what this feeling was. He was trying to justify this, convince himself that it was okay because
“You’re welcome, Dean. Pack your bags. I found a hunt.”
was the crazy one. Cas didn’t even need to sleep, and he certainly didn’t just reach for Dean’s dick like it was something he did all the time.
Dean snorted. “No. You know I don’t date. That doesn’t mean she won’t be interested in-“
felt-“
Dean could hear the judgement in his younger brother’s voice and just rolled his eyes. “Yeah, well not all of us have cushy jobs at a library. Some of us do real work. Let me sleep in on my day off.” He grumbled.
“So, are you regretting your decision? Are you still planning on cutting yourself off from Heaven completely?” There was a nervousness building in Dean. He wanted Cas to stay, more than anything, but wanting Cas with him and wanting him to completely sacrifice his grace were worlds apart. Cas didn’t need powers to be useful by any means, but Dean couldn’t even begin to imagine what it was like to have that kind of power and then have it stripped from you. The Mark of Cain suddenly throbbed, and he swallowed hard. Actually, he knew exactly how that felt, and he had only had a taste of it.
“…a date?” Cas asked, his voice incredibly monotone.
“He’s an angel of the freaking Lord, Dean. If anyone is up for anything, it’s Cas. But if you’re really that worried about him, just shoot him a text or phone call from time to time. He knows how to use technology pretty well now; he would probably love that. I know...I know you're still learning to trust us again. But I'm sure he misses you.” Sam’s voice was getting more mumbled and soft, and Dean knew he was probably going to end up dozing off. Dean let him.
“Nice hoodie.” Carey said to Cas from across the table, her voice only slightly teasing.
“We should’ve tested Vera and Ivan with silver. Didn’t think about that.” Dean muttered, his grip tightening on the steering wheel as they pulled away from the marina.
Dean shrugged and threw the shot back, surprised that it actually tasted pleasant and he wouldn’t mind a second. He quickly motioned for her to make him another one. “Interesting choice, sweetheart.”
But Cas’ eyes were more than Dean could take as he stood up and made eye contact with his best friend. The amount of raw emotion in them ranging from pity to worry to fear was overwhelming, and Dean swallowed a lump in his throat as Cas spoke. “I will stop at nothing to remove the Mark.” Cas said softly, grabbing Dean’s arm that bore the mark and placing his palm over it. “My hands can do you much for you. I can smite monsters that attempt to hurt you. I can heal your injuries. I can help you fly and read your thoughts when you allow me.” Cas jerked both is hands away, his fingers curled into fists in front of him. “But the time that you need me the most… and these hands are useless.” He added coldly, glaring at his fists.
“Jesus, Cas.” he muttered. That was absolutely not a sexy comment at all, and yet somehow, coming from Cas’ lips in that gravelly tone had Dean’s dick stirring in his jeans. “You can’t just say things like that.” Cas’ fingers fidgeted around his martini glass, and Dean’s eyes were immediately drawn to them. Dear god, when had he ever thought someone’s
it hissed in his ear. Cas shifted both of Dean’s wrists to one hand before pinning them again, and the last thing Dean registered was Cas’ fist coming towards his face.
“Thank you, Sam. I can’t wait to read it. The Enochian on the cover is flawless, so I’m assuming what’s written within will be as well.” Cas was giving Sam a soft look of appreciation, so naturally Dean made a gagging noise that they both ignored.
Because it shouldn’t. The more Dean thought about it, the more insecure he began to feel.
“Am I okay?! No, I’m not okay! Two dudes don’t just share a bed all night, Cas!”
“C’mon Cas, I’m
“Are you trying to ask me something, Dean?” Cas asked, his big, blue eyes searching Dean’s.
Tutting like he was talking to a bratty child, Magnus stepped closer to Dean. “I never would have thought it… an angel’s weakness so… brash.” Dean swallowed and looked over at Cas, who was watching Magnus carefully, angrily. “You do know that, right, Dean? That you’re his weakness? That nothing I’ve done to him has hurt him quite as bad as the fact that he’s been
things without hesitation, and how that was
Dean blanched, and the rustle of Cas opening his present was a welcome distraction, even if it kicked his anxiety up a notch. He bit his lip nervously as Cas opened the Christmas box under the giftwrap, and really wanted to squeeze his eyes shut and disappear. But then Cas’ eyes flickered over the words on the hoodie, and his face softened before he looked up at Dean in admiration, pulling his “Save the bees” hoodie out of the box. “Uh…” Dean started, not so smoothly. “I know you don’t really ever change or anything, but you seemed really passionate about bees when you were talking to Tom in that store.” At this point, Sam was being nosey and leaning in to get a good look at the sweatshirt. Cas turned it to face Sam, and several packages of flower seeds fell out of the hoodie pocket. Dean was pretty sure his face was burning fire engine red. “Th-those flowers are-“
, and he could almost hear John’s scoff at the thought of it. He remembered being young, probably only 12, and having trouble staying awake on a hunt. When John asked him what his problem was, Dean had made the mistake of telling him he just wanted to sleep. Dean would never forget the disappointed look John had given him before scoffing and saying ‘yeah, well people in Hell just want water and they ain’t gettin’ it.’ Dean grimaced at the memory and absentmindedly scratched at the Mark of Cain.
Dean was confused. “So what, it’s like autopilot as long as you’re using your grace?”
Cas sank back on his knees, resting on his ankles as he slowly removed his fingers. He kissed each of Dean’s thighs as he lubed up his own cock, pressing it gently against Dean’s entrance. Dean squirmed impatiently, but Cas just leaned down to kiss him on the lips once again. “I love you.” Dean leaned forward to capture his lips again before he pulled away. Those three words had been terrifying at first. Dean had all these hang ups, had heard ‘I love you’ from so few people and said it back to even fewer. But when he heard Cas say it, Cas always said it with such sincerity, such conviction, that there wasn’t a doubt in Dean’s mind that they were true.
mermaids.” Vera snapped, drawing Dean’s attention back over to her. “Mermaids aren’t real. They were something you humans made up to try to identify us. We don’t have
“Sounds like it has Crowley written all over it.” The bitterness was clear in Dean’s voice. Castiel looked over at him, his blue eyes reflecting an emotion that the hunter couldn’t quite place. Bobby looked back and forth between them, feeling the attention in the air.
Cas. He had come thinking about
Sometimes he noticed guys were attractive, but he wasn't gay... it was just...complicated.
, I suppose. They use various tactics to attract prey, but it’s generally done by taking a form that’s appealing to the victim. They could send their young out to attract a motherly woman, thinking the child is hurt or lost. They could send one of their attractive adults out to attract a lustful victim-” Sam froze, and it didn’t go unnoticed. Cas narrowed his eyes at Sam, the gears in his brain turning as he asked. “Sam… where did you say Dean went?”
Dean suddenly felt incredibly uncomfortable, and wanted nothing more than to just pump his gas and get the hell out of dodge. Ross must have sensed it, because he shifted uncomfortably himself. He abruptly mentioned having to be somewhere, and in the blink of an eye was hauling ass around the corner of the gas station. Dean sighed and shook his head. “Some people man…” He muttered, rubbing his tired eyes. When he opened them, something caught his eyes. Ross apparently hadn’t tucked his score into his jacket pocket far enough, and it had fallen to the ground in during his getaway. Dean crouched down, picking up the plastic and watching the white powder slide to the opposite corner. He went to throw it in the trashcan, what if a kid found that shit? But his hand stopped just short of the trash can lid. Heroin
“Holy shit, Cas. They’re…” Impressive. Amazing. Beautiful. Life changing. “They’re awesome.”
“That could be a consequence.” Cas stated, playing devil’s advocate.
Cas’ eyes searched Dean’s face. “The mark is getting worse again.” Dean didn’t answer him, he just tightened his grip on the steering wheel, his jaw locked. Cas thought for a moment before finally confessing “I have the other angels working on this too.”
The moment the lock clicked, Dean ripped the door open and stumbled over to Cas. Cas immediately backed himself into the corner further, his eyes focused on the angel blade in Dean’s hand. Dean’s heart broke with realization and he dropped the blade, kicking it away from him and towards Sam. “I’m not gonna hurt you, Cas. I promise.” He said, keeping his voice soothing. He moved towards Cas slowly, dropping to his knees when he was close enough. “Why can’t you heal?” he asked, his voice cracking as he gently reached for a gash on Cas’ arm with his hand, the arm still throbbing in pain from the fracture.
Dean woke up and stretched in bed, a little annoyed that the sunlight peaking through the window woke him up until he rolled over. That same ray of light was falling over Cas, making his dark hair shine and his skin golden. He smiled, unable to resist the urge to lean in and capture his boyfriend’s lips. Cas responded with a grumpy noise of acknowledgement and swatted Dean away in his sleep. Dean pouted and flopped back down on his pillows, closing his eyes again.
“No, you’re not.” Dean grumbled. Sam was smart as hell and deserved the law degree that he was working so hard for. Dean didn’t even want to hear him
Whoa, whoa, whoa. Hold up. Rewind. “What do you mean-?“
“Hey there.” Dean said softly as he approached, easily falling into the false bravado, ladies man act. “I’m detective Lector. These are my partners.” He didn’t even bother introducing them. “Mind if we ask you a few questions, sweetheart?’
?) where his stomach flipped unpleasantly and he cursed himself and any deity that would listen, and started to pull away when he felt the fingers of one of Cas’ hands cards through the short hair on the back of his head before pulling him back in. Dean’s brain immediately went offline. Cas. Cas was kissing him back. Holy fucking shit
When Sam was finally able to break through the crowd, he immediately saw why Dean’s voice had sounded so irritated. Dean and Cas were both standing in front of a merchant booth that had a banner proudly stating that they sold
“For what?” Dean asked, puzzled but returning his eyes to the road. He had started to swerve, his eyes resting on Cas’ smile a little too long.
Cas flinched so bad that it was clear he was hurt by the spasm that went through his injured wing. He slowly unfurled his wings just enough to lift his head from where he had them press into his raised knees. His eyes were wide and shocked, missing so much light that Dean was used to seeing them reflect. “Cas.” Dean tried again, grabbing the bars of the cage and letting his forehead rest against the cool metal. “We’re going to get you out, okay, buddy? Sam’s working on the lock right now.” Cas didn’t say a word, just continued to stare at Dean unblinkingly, his eyes owlish and shocked. “Sam, hurry the fuck up.” Dean glanced at Sam frantically, swallowing past a lump in his throat. “We gotta get him out of here. He’s hurt.”
Sam expressed that he understood and motioned for Dean and Cas to follow him. They approached the young actress as the other bodyguards helped her up and then dispersed, but stood close by, eyeing the three of them. Sam understood, they looked ridiculous. “Ms. Watson?” He greeted, keeping his tone caring and comforting. He provided their fake officer names and showed her their badges. “Are you alright? We heard you scream and just wanted to check in on you.”
So Dean, being the hunter that simply could not let things go, got up to follow the angel to the kitchen. Sure enough, Cas was standing in front of the sink, a sponge in one hand, and the popcorn bowl in the other. What the angel didn’t anticipate was that once he turned the bowl over, it caused the water to bounce off and spray everywhere, soaking him and the floor at his feet. Dean took the opportunity to yell, just like he always did nowadays. “Fuck, Cas! For the love of god, watch what you’re doing.” He snapped shortly as he came to stand next to him.
“Dean are you okay?” Cas asked, suddenly worried. He shuffled to the edge of the bed to swing his legs over the side, and dear god, he was naked. It wasn’t exactly the first time Dean had seen him in the nude after the bee incident, but it was no less jarring. When he didn’t answer, Cas stood up, cupping his face with both hands. “What’s wrong?”
Dean swallowed hard and wondered if Cas was able to tell the difference in Dean because of the Djinn essence. “You trying to say I need to shower?” He joked nervously.
. “I want to be here in case you have another nightmare.” The angel replied, like sharing a bed with another guy wasn’t fucking weird.
remember it! Bobby yelled at me for playing in an old abandoned car and called me an idiot for not realizing that sometimes bees could use old abandoned car frames for their hives.” Sam was frowning determinedly, and Dean was not having it.
Ariel scrunched up her nose in disappointment, immediately realizing where Castiel’s thought process went. “Michael and Lucifer are out of the question. Do you think that any of the angels would allow you to risk Lucifer escaping his cage just to save Dean Winchester?”
Dean kicked his feet up on the map table, watching Sam wearily. Dean had a lore book open in his lap, and was supposed to be doing research, but his mind refused to focus. There was not a single lead on Rowena or Crowley. There were no massive increases in demonic activity to track. There was nothing pointing Dean in the right direction. There was still the possibility that finding Crowley meant finding Rowena and doing something about the mark of Cain, and Dean knew this… but it wasn’t
Dean tasted blood. A lot of it. He knew immediately that Cas must have broken his nose, and then healed him. He refused to open his eyes, afraid of what might be on the other side of his eyelids. His head was swimming, but he knew he was once again bound to a chair, this time with Enochian handcuffs if the metal digging into his wrists were any hint.
Vera shot him an unimpressed look. “I wasn’t looking to kill you, Dean. I was looking for a mate.”
Dean loved Castiel, and Castiel had loved him for even longer. But they were both too foolish to admit it, too proud. And so they fought. Because if they were unable to fight these feelings, they might as well fight each other. Dean’s face was red and angry, causing his freckles to burst against his skin like constellations. Castiel’s eyebrows were furrowed and his jaw locked. Dean was trying to egg it on, because he would rather have Cas yelling gruff profanities at him rather than avoid him like he had been lately. But instead, the angel didn’t say a word. He stared at him, an overwhelming ocean of blue in his eyes that made Dean swallow hard as his mouth went dry.
On the other side was the fluffy dog he had named Miracle. She wagged her tail at him, looking up expectantly like he was just supposed to let her in. "What the hell are you doing here?" Dean asked her. She barked and wagged her tail again.
Sam stumbled through water, up past his waist, struggling against the undercurrent every time the tide pulled back. Castiel was faring better, leading the way using the glow of grace coming from his palm and concentrating on Dean’s longing. “You can’t fly us to him yet?” Sam asked urgently, trying to move quicker through the water.
“So Briar Cliff Inn has been around for quite a while, eh? Well you and your husband have kept the place up great.” Dean ended the conversation there. Molly (Dean had noticed her name tag) was still eye-fucking him, and her husband had finally come out of the room behind her.
“Then why not let me help?” Dean asked cautiously, his voice soft.
“Alright, so I guess we should go back to the inn and change into our monkey suits so people don’t wonder why we’re poking around asking questions.” Dean said, shoving his wallet into his coat pocket.
“What made it awkward then?” The angel asked curiously.
“Cas...”
to.” Cas narrowed his eyes and Sam, and Dean almost laughed at how smitey he looked. “I chose to. It’s supposed to help with relaxation as much as cleanliness.”
Sam just dangled the keys above Dean’s head with a raised eyebrow, and Dean immediately tackled him to the ground. He didn’t care if Sammy’s freakish growth spurt had made him freakishly tall, this meant war. They fought over the keys until Dean accidentally hit his funny bone (it wasn’t funny) on the coffee table, and Sam managed to squirm away. Dean immediately began chasing him, and Sam dashed for the backdoor, barreling out into the backyard so fast he almost tripped. Sam was fast but seemed to have forgotten that Dean’s backyard was fenced in with a privacy fence. He stopped with a panicked look on his face, glanced at Dean just a few feet away, and suddenly chucked Dean’s keys over the fence.
“Dean, it’s coming.” Castiel stood up straight, putting his hand on Dean’s elbow as he interrupted him. The sun was now disappearing behind the horizon, the last of its light being soaked up by the ground and only the Impala’s headlights were providing light for the Devil’s Tramping Ground.
It’s not that he didn’t believe love existed, but he certainly didn’t think it could possibly be “worth” it in the end, not after what the things he had seen.
“Well, it’s a good thing you know the head mechanic at Singer’s Auto Repairs, huh? I’ll give you a discount.” Dean nudged Cas with his shoulder.
It was Valentine’s Day and this whole thing had been a set up. Dean was going to fucking kill him.
Dean could feel himself nodding off, and he didn’t even want to fight it. Castiel’s cheek rubbed against his pillowcase once and Dean realized that he was nestling into bed, regardless of whether or not he slept. Falling asleep here, in Cas’ bed is such a nominally bad idea. Dean knew it. He knew he would feel awkward when he woke up. But he also knew that Cas wasn’t kicking him out any time soon.
“Oh god.” Dean choked out through laughs. “It’s like watching you trip over yourself around girls in middle school all over again. When can I meet her?” Sam ignored him, going into his room to grab his bags. “No seriously.” Dean asked when he came back in the living room, dropping them on the couch to cram his laptop in one. “When are you going to bring her around?”
Dean blushed immediately and shuffled his feet. He was pretty sure the kid was flirting. “Yeah, but you were like… what, four or five then? Maybe six? You probably thought I was Batman.” An easy smirk of his own spread over his lips. Ricardo was way too young but flirting never hurt.
Dean managed to get through most of the bottle before he heard footsteps leading to the kitchen, coming from Sam’s room. He rolled his eyes and took another swig. He wasn’t wasted, but still pleasantly drunk. Too drunk to worry about Cas hanging out with his
Sam was very lucky that Dean didn’t hold a pillow over his face that night.
. Cas had admitted to wanting the one thing he couldn't have. He already had Dean as his best friend. He already had Dean as his family. After years,
Castiel knew that they had had this conversation many times since Charlie’s death. Even though they were both hurt by the young woman’s death, and there was still a lot of tension pertaining to Sam and Cas working with Rowena and keeping it a secret. Castiel had tried to take more responsibility, but Sam refused to allow him to, reminding Cas that he and Dean had went through more times of secrecy than he could count.
“I’ll have that out in just a second!” The waiter exclaimed, collecting the menus then giving Sam a wink before walking off.
After two plates of food, and a few beers, Sam told them he was calling it a night. “And don’t forget to set Cas up with a room.” He reminded Dean, stretching and waving good night. Cas looked like he was about to mention the fact that he didn’t need sleep again, but decided against it.
“Fine. I’ll go talk to Molly.”
once a week, but he still wasn’t sure if he was ready. He knew Cas was going a little stir crazy. The angel spent all his time outside, soaking up the early summer sun and tending to his bees. Dean had barely let Cas out of his sight, and he knew the mother henning was too much, but Dean was still worried, which was why going on this hunt without Cas would be completely out of the question.
Sam tried to pull up lore on rulsaki from the database he had stored on his laptop, but there were no hits. He frowned at his screen before looking up at Cas. “Yeah, uh, the Men of Letters don’t have any information on those. Are you sure?”
Dean scrambled back as Vera pulled at his belt, but when he backed into a jagged rock, he had nowhere to go. He frantically tried to rub the ropes against the rock, struggling to break through his bindings, but suddenly his jaw was crushed in Vera’s powerful grip, her claws digging into his face painfully as she forced him to look her in the eyes. “This will be a lot less painful if you stop struggling. You may actually enjoy yourself.”
someone, Dean. Here, lemme see your phone.” Sam muttered quietly, offering his hand for Dean’s phone.
“Have you ever been skinny dipping?” She asked, kicking off her boots.
Dean suddenly felt the Mark of Cain sear angrily on his arm, burning bright red against his freckled skin. Cas raised a hand, blue-white light burning from his palm. All the vampires shielded their eyes and Dean screamed “Now, Sam!” True to his word, Dean went after Violet first. She was in such shock that she didn’t put up much of a fight as the blade went straight through her neck, splattering blood all over Dean. The Mark throbbed happily, and suddenly all of Dean’s concern and fear was replaced with the animalistic and uncontrollable urge to
Cas let out a little chuckle that had Dean grinning like an idiot, but he was looking at Dean like he was completely unimpressed. “I have been observing humans since the dawn of their existence, Dean. I may not understand everything perfectly, but I understand pleasure.” Dean shivered at the chill that comment made run up his side, but Cas must have interpreted it as Dean being cold, because he pulled him in close to his chest. Dean was glad that Cas couldn’t see his fast because he was pretty sure he looked love struck and giddy as hell. Cas’ hand rubbed up and down, warming his shirtless skin and Dean had never been more thankful that Sam insisted on helping out on a hunt with Eileen.
Cas sighed, closing the book he was reading. It was a book that he, Sam, and now apparently Cas, had been through multiple times before, hoping that it gave information about the mark. “Yes, Dean.” He shifted uncomfortably.
Sam pulled a bitch face so intense that Dean could have giffed it and used it as a reaction gif on the internet. “What if he feels the same way?”
“Mmm.” Dean responded, taking a sip of his beer. “I drove in from Lawrence a few hours ago.”
Noah smirked. “Oh, you’re in for a treat. It’s Salt Lake City Comic-Con. It started today.”
But that night, a very drunken, very depressed Dean Winchester changed his mind. He sat in his hotel room, angry that tears were somehow falling from his eyes. It was too much. All of it was just way too much. Hunting. Sam. His dad. Losing his mom.
“The girls from the hotel weren’t dressed up.” Sam muttered petulantly. He knew there was no point in arguing with Dean when he was excited as he was.
Dean’s eyes flickered back and forth between the road and Sam for a moment, before landing on Cas. Cas gently eased Sam into a lying position in the backseat and disappeared for a moment, giving Dean’s brain just enough time to produce
Dean snorted, but he was fighting the pleased smile threatening to spread across his lips.
“Small miracles.” Dean grumbled to himself. He added honey to the French toast the second time around.
. Usually when he was sharing a bed with someone, they were usually on their back or on their knees or riding him. He was literally inside them. But this? This was far more intimate.
If you came from my Cockles fic
“Surprise me.” Dean replied, still trying to be flirty. He was hoping to warm her up a bit before asking her about the attacks that had happened in town a couple of blocks away. The bartender turned her back, grabbing a shot glass and different bottles with sure, skilled hands, proof that he had been doing this for a while. She slid him the glass, raising a challenging eyebrow at the look on Dean’s face.
Dean snorted. “It’s not so bad. If you just moved here, I’m sure you got shit to do though.”
Dean’s grin immediately fell, his eyes darting nervously to the bedroom that Cas was currently sleeping it. “That’s not fucking fair.”
, and still didn’t realize how Dean felt about him. The only time Dean was any good at poker was when money was involved.
Dean wasn’t sure at what point Cas had taken the lead, but he was incredibly thankful. It made it so that he didn’t have to think, didn’t have to
Dean’s eyes flickered to Cas’ lips, and Cas mirrored the same movement on him.
At least Sam was easier to avoid. Sam had realized his moodiness from the moment he left the table at breakfast and had given Castiel a wide path so that he could be alone. Unfortunately, the angel was going stir crazy with boredom, and the words from his and Ariel’s first meeting were ringing in his ears. He was going to have to do something about his wings, and he had no idea where to begin.
“Yeah.” Dean replied softly. “I uh, guess I should try to go back to sleep. With it being late and all.” He should have just left it at that. He should have just gotten up and locked himself in his bedroom helplessly. But before he could stop himself, Dean’s hand was in Cas’ hair, taming the stray sections that were sticking up haphazardly. A part of him wanted to mess it up even worse. He kinda missed the hardcore sex hair that Cas used to have when they first met. His fingers stopped running through Cas’ hair at the back of his neck. It would be so easy.
When Sam found himself reading the same sentence on his laptop for the third time, he finally sighed and looked up at Cas. “You want to take a seat, Cas?” He suggested gently. Cas stopped and looked over at him, his eyes a little wide, probably not fully aware that he had been pacing. Sam remembered a time when Cas would stand stock still, eerily statuesque, without any issue. But the longer Cas spent time on earth, the more human Sam was seeing him become.
“Yeah, but there’s a lot of them, Eileen. Way more than you ever had in your garden. And one freakin’ stung me!”
Locking his phone and dropping it on the bed, Dean scrubbed his hand across his face. The weird ache, the pull that he felt towards Castiel was still new. Well, the feeling itself wasn’t. The feeling had been there for years. But accepting what it meant was still new. There was an undeniable longing pulling at every cell in his body. He wished he could pass it off as not being laid in a long time. That would be the easy solution. That would be nice. He could go to a bar, flash a few smiles, spit out a few cheesy lines, and get his dick wet. He had been doing it for years in hopes of shoving down his looming feelings for Cas. But now? The thought of that made his stomach turn. He didn’t
He knew Dean well enough to know that this conversation wasn’t going anywhere, and seeing Dean’s own arousal had his vessel suddenly feeling a little hotter than he would like. “Sam went to get us breakfast.” He said distractedly.
“Uh, when do you think you’ll make that decision?” Dean asked nervously, steeling his facial expression.
“‘Course I did, Cas. It’s my job.”
. The grin that spread across his mouth as he walked and talked with Jess lit up his whole face. His gait was easy and worry free like Dean had never seen before. He had a book bag draped across one shoulder lazily in a posture he never used when it was a duffle full of guns and salt. Dean had never seen his brother so happy, and he had spent nearly every waking second with him for two decades. Dean gulped, his tongue suddenly feeling too large and cumbersome for his mouth, and his Adam’s apple bobbed almost painfully. He turned on his heel, and headed back to his car.
him.” Dean growled. He was grinding his teeth so hard that Sam could almost hear his jaw pop. “Does he think this is a fucking
Shortly after Dean turned twenty-six, he met Castiel Novak and fell in love for the first time in his life.
With a heavy sigh, Dean made his way to the Impala, silently thankful that he didn’t run into Cas along the way. He slid behind the wheel and Googled the address that Vera had sent him. She wasn’t like any other girl that Dean had ever asked out. She didn’t leave it up to him to decide what they were going to do, she
“Hey, Castiel.” She said quietly, taking headphones out of her ears.
“You’re not wearing that.” Dean suddenly snapped.
“I love you too, Cas.” Dean found himself praying that the perfect angel before him would give him a second chance.
that bitch.”
“It can mean a lot of things.” Castiel replied dismissively. Telling Dean that it happened when he was pleased would only lead to him having to explain that he was pleased because they were sitting so close, and that would only make Dean uncomfortable.
"Oh!" Jack smiled. "Some people were easy to bring back. Some weren't."
. There was so much wrong with that thought that he couldn’t even begin to process it, the biggest problem being that Cas would
“Oh, for fucks sake.” Dean groaned, hiding his face in his hands before running them through his hair. “Look….wet dreams are sex dreams.” He answered, taking pity on Cas’ confused expression. Suddenly Dean schooled his expression from embarrassment to something that resembled achievement. “I was… I used to have this girlfriend named Cassie. I used to call her Cas from time to time too. I was dreaming about her. Yeah. Sorry about that, man.” Dean swallowed hard. Castiel wasn’t expecting the little pang of disappointment and jealousy at hearing that Dean had once given someone else the same nickname that he had given him. It wasn’t really surprising, Dean was someone who used endearments quite a lot. He even used one on his car. “Let’s just forget about it, okay? No sense in making things weird.”
“I’m fine,” he said quickly. “Help me getting started on the bacon, will ya?”
Cas glared at him. “I was going to go over the camera footage with you.”
gay. Under different circumstances, Dean would have never assumed that he was. In fact, Dean had half a mind to ask him what sort of gel he used in his hair, because despite his hysteria, his hair stayed in place perfectly. Dean bit his lip, mentally shaking his thoughts away and trying to focus on what Cyrus was saying. He was expecting Cyrus to spew out the same crap that every loved one did under these circumstances, but when he saw Cyrus suddenly smile through his tears, he knew this was going to be a little different.
“It is. I’ve made it my place to protect you. You and Sam. From the moment I rebelled from Heaven for you, I made it my place to protect you.”
Three times.
Sam balled up his used napkin and tossed it in his abandoned lunch. “No, I can’t. Any judge in their right mind would see how insane you would have to be to try and sue your neighbor over something so petulant.”
Claire was quiet for quite a while. “He might. Feel the same way I mean. I don’t know, Dean’s a pretty weird dude. He might like you more than you think. He’s not exactly the type that always wears his heart on his sleeves. ”
“Yeah, I know that Cas. But if you’re gonna stay here, you’re gonna have a room, alright? You need a room of your own where you can relax and kick back and uh, be alone for personal time and shit.”
Cas winced slightly. "I know some of the things I said before leaving may have made things awkward-"
A little over an hour later, and Dean was drunk. Seb kept buying him beer, and eventually he convinced Seb to try the brain hemorrhage shots. The other hunter also seemed to be drunk, and as time passed and drinks went down easier, Dean was having less control over his flirting. Seb had ditched his leather jacket long ago, and when he pushed back his hair, his muscles flexed under a tight black v neck that practically had Dean drooling. Andrisha gave him a knowing look every time she dropped off another drink, and Dean really wished she wouldn’t. He was really pushing his limits by flirting so carelessly with another man just a few hours after he had rolled the word bisexual around on his tongue. If it wasn’t for the alcohol, and how soothing and familiar Seb’s blue eyes felt, Dean knew he wouldn’t be in this position.
“Really? Wrathful, badass Angel of the Lord can’t handle a little ghost problem?” Dean teased.
“So, why do you need me? What about all the men before me? Enough men have went missing to put you on hunters’ radars.” Dean tried to wiggle back through the pool of water, Vera much too close for comfort.
Dean swallowed, hard. He still couldn’t get over that Cas just said shit like that. “I’ve missed you too, buddy.”
know about love anyway?” Claire scoffed. Try as he might, Castiel was unable to stop his eyes from flickering to Dean and gazing upon him for a moment. A warm feeling erupting in his chest at seeing Dean continue to bicker with his brother about his taste in films. When he looked back at Claire, realization was etched into every detail on her face. “Oh…OH. Holy shit. You can’t be serious. Dean? Dean friggin’ Winchester?”
“Uh, I don’t think it would bother me. Unless it uh, bothers you.” Dean fumbled over his words. Cas watched him curiously and licked his lips. Dean had no fucking clue how he was going to make it through this with the angel looking at him like that.
“It’s nothing, Dean.” Castiel wasn’t looking at him, and was shifting uncomfortably under his gaze. “I needed a ‘break’-“ Dean rolled his eyes at the air quotes. “-and so I decided to help you and your brother with this case.”
“And I’m guessing Molly’s mom found out about the affair?” He asked, gears grinding in his head. A gay affair could make for a pretty angry spirit.
I'm SO far behind on replying to things in my inbox, but I haven't updated in over a month, and writer's block has finally lifted for the time being. I'll reply to everyone soon!
Cas squinted at him, his head tilted slightly. “Well, we were kissing before I noticed your annoying habit of trying to quiet yourself. You deny yourself pleasure in far too many ways in life.”
There's a trigger warning for this chapter, please skip ahead to the end notes if you're wary!
As if right on cue, the sound of gunshots echoed through the cavern. Dean and Cas immediately began wading through the water towards the sound. Sam appeared in front of them turning the corner sharply and nearly running into Castiel, and the angel had to grab him to keep him upright. “I...I think I killed it.” Sam said with uncertainty. “I got him really good in the eyes with my flashlight and he kinda freaked out and tried to claw my face off, but he couldn’t see. Then I shot him. There was blood in the water so I know the shot landed, but I don’t know if it killed him.”
So all in all… it was nice having Cas at the bunker.
“Hey!” Dean growled. “Easy with the doors.”
Sam and Dean won the lawsuit, and Dean immediately tore down the house, along with the privacy fence separating his yard from Cas’. Now they shared Cas’ huge house, with a combined massive yard. Dean’s garden was easily twice as big, and he had also started a vegetable garden too. Cas’ bees were loving every second of it.
“Dean was having another nightmare. I wanted to be close by in case I need to wake him again.” Cas looked down at Dean. “I think he was having another dream and he… just ended up like this.”
“You’re just awesome, Cas.” Dean replied, tossing his arm around the angel’s shoulder.
, and Vera is the first person I’ve even been remotely interested in sleeping with since I realized that. For months now I seriously thought I was stuck in this weird rut where I was going to be able to make a move on Cas, but I wasn’t going to be able to make a move on anyone else either. But guess what? Vera gave me a call and I was actually able to ask her out. And he said yes, Sam. Very enthusiastically might I add. Shouldn’t you be happy that I’m actually taking a step towards moving on?”
. Dean had just been weird and distant lately. And suddenly Dean wasn’t having trouble with the mark when just a few weeks ago his almost whacked Sam’s head off? Something was definitely off. It felt like it was his duty as Dean’s brother to try to help him as much as possible.
“Dean.” Dean swallowed around the dry lump in his throat forming around the way Cas said his name. He said it like it was prayer, he said it with such conviction. “We don’t have to do this if you’re uncomfortable.”
He inhaled deeply, schooling his facial features so that they were serious and urgent. “I’ve been told that you may be able to give me information on the Mark of Cain.”
“Good morning, Dean.” Cas hummed, leaning in to steal a kiss that Dean didn’t hesitate to deepen. “Hmm. ‘good’ morning indeed.” Cas muttered against his lips. Dean grinned like the little shit he was and moved his hips just enough to let Cas know exactly which direction he hoped this was going.
Dean frowned and took a deep breath before grabbing Cas’ right hand. He slowly forced Cas to unfurl his fist until his hand was open, his fingers spread. He then grabbed Cas’ wrist, and with a shaky hand brought the angel’s hand to his shoulder, lining up his fingers with the scar that Dean had bore since Hell. “Don’t ever, ever say your hands are useless.” Dean said, his voice barely above a whisper.
“Bout forty-five minutes or so away. Thank god. I’m exhausted.”
“You okay, Cas?” Dean asked, worried.
“I couldn’t do it.” Cas finally met Dean’s gaze. “When it was you, I couldn’t do it. That’s why I could never kill you. Even if the Mark took a turn for the worst, even if you became a demon again, I wouldn’t be able to kill you. I would watch you scorch the earth and destroy everyone you love, and I still wouldn’t be strong enough to kill you.”
Dean swallowed and wet his lips with his tongue. He was too shocked to even blush. “This isn’t your fault. Got it? I should’ve known he was a vampire too. I fell right into his trap.” Before Dean could remind himself of
“Oh, Fergus. You always say your plans are to benefit you, or benefit Hell in the future. But what you’re really doing is trying to figure out a way to keep Sam and Dean around. When you were off galivanting around with Dean when he was a demon, it made you soft. Even if I
“I know you’re in love with him, Dean.” Sam deadpanned. His face was almost expressionless, but there was also a little bit of expectancy and hope shining in his eyes. None of this made any sense. And Dean was way too drunk for this.
He made his way to the kitchen quietly on socked feet, tip toeing by Sam’s door. When he made it to the liquor cabinet, he groaned. They needed to restock. There was plenty of half empty bottles, but not a single full bottle of whiskey or even scotch, and since he was planning on drinking straight out of the bottle tonight, he really didn’t feel like mixing his brands. He grabbed a mostly full bottle of whiskey that he was pretty sure had been in the bunker since before they moved in and hopped up on the island counter in the kitchen. As much as he was trying to avoid everyone (everyone being Sam), he was sick of being cooped up in his room. Especially since he really needed to do laundry. His bed sheets were smelling pretty gross.
“I can’t imagine it would be easy for us to sit on the couch with my wings out.” Castiel replied slowly.
to be 100% accurate.”) Dean didn't even want to think about the time that Cas brought home a copy of
Cas suddenly pulled back, his eyebrows tented in sudden worry. “Dean.” And oh god, the way his said Dean’s name should be a sin, but it sounded a lot more like prayer. “Is this...okay?” His tongue darted out to swipe the taste of Dean off his bottom lip and Dean shuddered.
“You know angels don’t sleep, Dean.”
Dean scowled at Sam’s tone. He was acting like Dean didn’t know about those bars, like he hadn’t picked someone up from probably all of them before. Dean looked away from Sam, taking another massive swig of the whiskey. “I…I can’t.”
The realization had Dean gripping the library table, his knuckles white as his chest heaved and tried to breathe in air that his lungs refused. He couldn’t be in love with Cas. It wasn’t
Dean finally took his eyes off of Cas long enough to draw his attention to tying his tie. “You know the drill, Sammy. If any feds get suspicious, if anyone starts asking too many questions, get the hell outta dodge. I think we should be okay, but I’m not risking anything. Steer clear of the FBI academy at all costs, regardless of where any information points.” He said, sliding on his jacket. Sam just nodded, sliding on his own jacket, and making sure his fake ID was in its pocket.
“Actually, I do. Would you mind? I don’t live far from here.” Dean’s face let up and he licked his lips, and it didn’t sit right with Cas. Dean didn’t know him, he could easily be someone wanting to lure him up to his apartment to do something that would plaster his name on a true crime documentary. Not wanting to lead Dean on, Cas quickly added “My coworker was telling me about this restaurant close by. Let me buy you dinner, as a thank you for this.”
lost at rock-paper-scissors.
But this wasn’t a porno and that wasn’t Dean’s life, despite how awesome it sounded. This was Cas being vulnerable and touch starved, and Dean would be damned if he wasn’t going to help somehow. “Uh, what if we started out slow?” He asked, shifting so that he and Cas were a few inches closer. “What if I helped?” God, this was sounding even more like poorly written porn. He reached out with a shaking hand, reaching for a cut on Cas’ forehead. He gently rubbed his thumb gently over the healing wound before his eyes jumped to each of Cas’ visible injuries. “I could help you with these.” He said quietly. “I know you’re an angel and all, but they’re not healing in an instant, I guess ‘cause the magic and all. We uh, don’t want them to get infected, right?”
Sam was speechless. They really needed to find Dean and Cas so that he could get some answers. He had so many things to say to Charlie, so many questions to ask. And most importantly, he needed to apologize. Before he could open his mouth, Charlie ran over to the vendor and started having an animated conversation with the lady running the booth. She didn’t speak to the lady for long before mumbling something about running out of time, right as Sam spotted Dean and Cas a couple of yards away. Sam got her attention and pointed over at them. “Oh! Cas is here too!” She said excitedly. They both began walking towards them but simultaneously stopped when they noticed Dean tenderly adjusting Cas’ costume. The touches were too sweet, too careful to be entirely platonic, and Dean was looking at Cas like he hung to moon. Sam felt his heart ache for his hopeless brother. “Oh. My. God.” Charlie gasped. “Did it finally happen?! Are they finally dating?!”
. Someone with more experience needs to handle the case. We’re all they got.”
by that very spirit is considered not doing anything.” Dean snapped bitterly, turning his head to glance at his brother.
Castiel swallowed hard. The truth would give Ariel more fodder to tease him about Dean, and after leaving Dean like he had earlier, he wasn’t sure he could take it. But there was a sincere, nonjudgmental curiosity in Ariel’s light brown eyes, and Castiel found himself speaking anyway. “When she…when she was brain washing me, she trained me to kill Dean. She made copies of him and had me kill him, over and over, mercilessly until I finally stopped fighting it. When she was done, I didn’t even hesitate, the copies would beg me to stop and I still ended their lives without even batting an eye. I looked Dean in the eyes and murdered him over and over.”
