Slaving away on the next installment! New chapter in a new year! Happy 2018, everyone. May it be better than 2017. And 2016...
I smiled. "I know that now. I couldn't stand the thought of you leaving."
"No, I know."
"Do you expect me just to clear out then?
"Why not? No, don't tell me – it's a distraction."
I sighed.
“Why are you underfoot? You’re never in the kitchen when I’m cooking.”
Sherlock unstoppered a vial and sniffed. He made a face and picked up another.
Sherlock swayed drunkenly. The last Alpha was wrestling with Lestrade, the two men in a tense embrace. The Omega was strong – stronger than the Alpha on a regular day. But Lestrade wasn't at his best – the blood on his face indicated a head wound, probably a concussion. The way his eyes focussed and unfocussed, Sherlock suspected he was seeing double.
“No… I’m just feeling… it’s all too much – everyone here, staring at me. I don’t know what you want. I don’t know what to do.”
“Right.” John stared at his lunch, appetite gone. “You told Dr. Mahon to look out for Molly, didn’t you?”
"John? John!" It was Sherlock, calling out. I turned to see him hurrying towards me. "John? Where are you going?"
"He killed my Jim." Flick. "Where is he!?" Flick.
No one would go to that trouble for ME. This was absolutely about Sherlock. And the only person who was so obsessed with Sherlock – who would go to these lengths AS A BACKUP – was Moriarty.
Alfred raised his hand.
“John... I need... I need you inside me...” I felt helpless.
John smiled. It felt strange on his face. He hadn’t smiled genuinely in a year.
The first bloke didn’t notice – he was intent on the woman, ripping open her blouse. I grabbed him by the neck and jerked him off her. (Noting in my peripheral vision that she sagged when he let her go.) I slammed his head into the brick wall, hard, then spun him to face the opposite wall and pinned him against it. He was bigger than I, broader and taller, but my hold had him immobilized. He would have to break his own arm to get free.
“Have you considered...” Lestrade said carefully. “That Mary...”
He woke after dark feeling logy and out of sorts. He checked his phone – no message yet from Dusette. Sherlock hadn't expected results so quickly.
fault if another Alpha or a male Beta looked at her admiringly.
“Go ahead.” Mary spat. “Hit me, John. If you can.”
John had clambered up a bin and jumped for the fire escape – and I went right after him. He’d pulled me onto the platform and holding onto each other, we’d run up the six flights of stairs to the roof and lain there, recovering, waiting for the jewel thieves to either find us or leave the area.
He handed me the spyglass and pointed. I followed his direction and after a moment, found myself looking down on the front windows of our flat. The curtains were drawn as I had left them. “It’s our flat. But it’s just the curtains…”
I zeroed in on a wooden box on top of the bureau next to an ornate lighter. Sure enough, it was filled with cigarettes. Or it had been, a number were missing already. I picked up the box. Then I turned back to Sherlock. He had started pacing again.
Still, when John emerged, rubbing sanitizer on his hands, Sherlock’s relief was palpable. John smiled at him and Sherlock knew that John had felt it too, the strain of the separation, as minor as it had been.
Angus' chuckle was more strained than good-natured. "Good point. It WAS pretty late at night, maybe you weren't as awake as you seemed."
“Haven’t you?”
Mycroft was in the car that picked me up, but the car itself was not familiar. It was a silver Mercedes with tinted glass and a silently watchful driver with the bulge in his jacket I associated with a shoulder holster.
"Why not keep both of them?"
At three p.m., armed police were deployed to control “riots” at Trafalgar, Piccadilly Circus, and the Borough Market. At half seven, a state of emergency was declared and contingents of Royal Marines marched into the streets of London.
Moran surged up with a shout, knocking my gun aside. It went off, the bullet taking a chunk of his ear before lodging in the floor. Instinctively, he jerked away from the noise, instead of throwing me off, I managed to get a knee in his chest. I hit him with my gun, a sharp blow to the side of his head, and he dropped senseless to the floor.
John concentrated. Yes! There – he could isolate Sherlock’s emotions from his own. His mate was outraged and fearful. John calmed himself again, shoving down his instinctive response. Sherlock was not panicked or in pain. Not right now.
do? I don't want to keep flying off the handle at every little thing.”
If pleading with Vinokourov would keep John ignorant of my degradation, I would plead. I would be on my knees begging frantically. But there was nothing else I would beg for – not even a last hit of heroin.
I nodded. I did have several, but they too felt ridiculous.
"I understand perfectly, John. I get to be with you. You and I... together." Sherlock felt a little giddy.
"John!" Sherlock snapped, cutting me off. "I'm WORKING!"
! They’re attracted to sound.”
"Good." Sherlock said. "Shove over, I'm not sleeping in a chair."
"When will you let Lestrade know you're back?" John asked. "You must want to be working again."
But John didn’t speak. He held me and continued petting my hair. He kissed my head gently.
And his arm ITCHED.
“No. For the money his son paid me.”
“Perhaps. Or he was just better. Or luckier. Or, most likely, he prevented the sniper from cheating in some way.”
John held onto me while I briefed Lestrade. "I think it might be a dry cleaning ticket." I told him of the scrap of paper I found. "There might be enough left to track down the cleaner."
Running, sweating, wrestling in the scrum, slipping and splashing down the muddy field... I felt something I hadn’t felt in a long time: joy. That singular, fierce joy of using your body hard. And my body... the things I’d been doing in my loneliness and worry – daily runs, whiling away hours in the gym, eating only to survive – had returned my body to something close to the effortless fitness I had enjoyed in my youth. It was ... thrilling.
Sherlock masturbated to completion and that and the bellyful of carbs finally put him to sleep.
The address John had texted took them to a café in Shoreditch. John and his friend met them on the pavement in front. Sherlock felt his mate’s confusion blossom as soon as they were close enough for John to scent him.
“Why…“ Mycroft took on an overly patient tone. “Why aren’t you home, in London, solving crimes? You enjoy THAT more than whatever it is you’re injecting into your veins now.”
I walked the gauntlet – it was cacophonous, all the men hooting and hollering. Vinokourov had a machete. I squinted at it, trying to discern if it was sharp enough to sever my head with one blow. One was highly preferable.
“His sister.” Sherlock said. “John’s sister is an Omega.”
“John…” He started softly.
Jo was flustered for a moment but quickly regained composure. “This is a big change." She had told him. "It isn’t easy.”
“Please show my brother to the laboratory and introduce him to Dr Abidi. Make sure he has whatever he requires.”
“Moriarty.” I said simply.
“A helicopter is en route to the clinic now. Rest assured, Lestrade, it’s all in hand.”
The temperature in the room had intensified a hundredfold. The Omega’s heat was beginning. He scrabbled at John’s jumper and at the flies of his own trousers, keening. “John... John... I need...”
I returned to the window the sniper had used to shoot Jones. On my hands and knees, I smelled the carpet. It was there – the scent of tobacco. But this smelled like cigarettes. I'd know it anywhere, cigarette smoke lingered in textiles. I'd had to have my coat cleaned thrice after I quit.
“Yes, but...”
“I want to go home. I want to go back to London.” I said.
“I’ve been so afraid...”
“You barely ate at hospital.”
“It’s the hormones.” Her oldest son told her. “He’s been using suppressants so long…”
“How long were you in hospital?”
The life ahead of me stretched endlessly. I had decades yet to suffer. How would I live without him?
“You’re kidding. Sherlock, tell me this is a joke.” John was angry. “After I sit and watch you flirt with ‘Todd’ all through brunch, you are NOT upset that I glanced at a pretty bird.”
Only then did I look at the scars on his back – the ones I had felt as I stroked him. I’d seen the surgical scars on his abdomen already – they were small and tidy, purposeful scars just beginning to fade. There was the jagged scar on his hip that I’d seen before, in the Japanese hotel room, and the slight ridge hidden by his hair that was what was left of the nasty knife wound on the side of his head.
His adrenaline and his base instincts had made him forget the Omegas whilst he fought – forget everything
Sherlock looked more closely at John's boyfriend - he should have done immediately, the sheen of sweat on the man's lip spoke volumes.
Moran walked away from Shane’s hiding place. He went to the cabinets and opened all the doors, revealing more equipment – a series of ball gags and hoods, butt plugs and a pile of studded leather straps. There were candles and a tray of stainless steel objects that Shane was afraid were scalpels.
Time had passed... I’d put my life on hold for two years, waiting for him... wishing... pining... all I wanted was to be with Sherlock. I loved him, I always would. Finally, FINALLY! I had him back... whatever he needed, I would be there for him!
Sherlock set those thoughts aside for now. John was alive and safe. The rest he’d discover when the doctor deigned to stop by.
I’m surrounded by people. I don’t know any of them. I want them to go away. Leave me in peace.
He climbed into bed and gathered Sherlock in his arms. “You’re tense.” John said. “Not that I blame you, your mother is a bit… overbearing.”
The first viewing had been painful to watch – his younger brother sprinting down the blind alley, a blonde businesswoman in pursuit. She pinned him to the wall almost directly below the camera, ripping his coat off and exposing his neck. He’d fought her, of course, Sherlock was feisty for an Omega, but the coat tangled his hands and then bunched under his feet tripping him up.
"I missed you too..." They kissed and writhed on the bed.
“The will.” Sherlock prompted with only a hint of impatience. I gave Anwen my apologetic look.
“Yes, well…” Mycroft didn’t understand John’s attitude about money any better than I did. “I can send someone for the violin if it’s easier.”
The man picked him up – he was strong! – and carried John into the light. He dropped John onto some sort of hammock that cradled him. He was still incredibly uncomfortable, the bindings rubbing his skin raw, his buttocks inflamed and starting to bruise, but it felt immensely better than the hard floor.
"What were you doing that day? After your father went hiking?"
"Ask him yourself." Sherlock snapped. "You're the bloody boyfriend! Act like it!"
“As long as we live.” John noted.
you! – I’m a little jumpy. It doesn’t help at all that we’re
I was desperate to calm him, to show him how much I loved him. How much I wanted him! I didn’t expect sex at that point, I just wanted to reassure him somehow. But he had become aroused again and I had taken him in hand – taken us both in hand – and made love to him best I knew how.
being watched!"
“You just said you’d FINISHED taking apart Moriarty’s network..”
John was talking to him, his voice, so close, John's hands on his skin. Nothing was better than John's hands on his skin! Sherlock would swim would keep swimming would find the surface and John would hold him...
While John is mourning him, where is Sherlock? What has he been doing?
“That’s what people
Victor had watched our interaction with interest, taking in every detail. He watched John leave the room.
“Captain Watson is familiar with the package, will recognise him on sight.” The Colonel told the impossibly young soldiers with only the smallest amount of tension in his voice. “He’s also a doctor, so he’ll be in the medical ‘copter with you, Lieutenant Baehr.”
How could I have been such an idiot? How did I not know better?
Mycroft took one look at him. “Rehab!” He said.
he wanted it.
Mycroft’s distress increased. “I hadn’t intended for John to be part of the rescue force, but when he found out it was possible, I couldn’t stop him.” Mycroft paused. “Sherlock, nothing could have kept him from you.”
“Can I —” Mycroft choked slightly, stumbling over his words, his cheeks growing red again. “I can’t stay long... can I offer you a ride… erm, home? Greg.”
“No.” John finally started feel the effects of the morphine, his pain drifting away… along with his resolve. “Are they still here?”
Angus.
I couldn't get enough of him – and he never seemed to tire of me. Amazing in retrospect, knowing how tiresome most people are.
He nodded and left. I listened to his step, light and confident on the stairs.
“That’s beautiful, Sherlock.”
"It's risky." I said.
I stared him down. "You're an idiot." I told him. "A heterosexist idiot, at that. As for my relapse, it's COMPLETELY different this time."
"But you don't think it's right."
“It’s just... you’re a doctor. And you were in Afghanistan, you’ve seen... terrible things, I’m sure.”
Then they were standing up, Lestrade steadying them both with his hands. Mycroft’s eyes were round and amazed and Lestrade could not tear his gaze from the other man, off the solid, grassy-green smudge along Mycroft’s jaw.
John rinsed the hated conditioner from his hair. “We’ll get you some conditioner of your own.” He said. “Tomorrow. Today we’re staying in.” John stretched up and kissed Sherlock’s lips. “Jesus, your mouth.” He muttered.
"It's a distraction.."
Shane bowed his head for a taste. “I’ve always thought of myself as a pretty good cocksucker.” He said. “But I think you’re going to test my limits.”
“Cheerio!” Moriarty sang cheerfully and walked out of the exit.
John leapt up, adrenaline pumping, and began to unstrap the Omega. She was a zaftig blonde and had multiple injection bruises on her thighs already.
"I'm still trying to clear out the upstairs bedroom, but yes, I'm staying there. You're... comfortable... with John and me living together?"
Sherlock repressed a shudder. “Yes.”
She thought about that conversation now as she grimly looked John Watson over. What a waste! Mummy was furious with Mycroft for convincing her to consider James Moriarty and furious with herself for accepting him against her first inclinations. And most of all, she was furious with Sherlock. He had no idea what he’d done. Her son could be a Duchess’s consort by now!
“That’s beautiful, John.”
"No." Sherlock replied. Rubbing John's calf he leant over and kissed John's big toe, sucked it into his mouth. He was discovering how much he liked John this way, damp and pungent from exercise. "Don't you dare."
"That entailed dirtying every dish we own and leaving them on every flat surface?! Never mind! I don't care. Just come clean this up, yeah?"
His eyes were filled with water. His head was filled with water.
Mycroft’s shudder carried seamlessly into Lestrade, and he fell over the brink into his own climax, feeling like he would burst. His entire body clenched uncontrollably, spasming, trembling. The jolts of pleasure electric — sparking over his skin, all hair on his body erect. The world was black, roaring in his ears…
“No.”
"How do you bear it?"
…he saw the bandaged stump and his mind shut down. But he was still instinctively moving to catch the teapot. His stump bumped against it and the pain! John yelped – loudly. The teapot fell off the table onto the bed, leaking hot tea onto his legs through the blanket. But he barely felt it. The pain was too intense, both from the knock and from the sight of the thing.
Sherlock scoffed. "Respectable."
Finally Sherlock sat back, fidgeting restlessly. "We need to talk, John." He said softly.
Dusette was on the other side of the room. She had walked around the dungeon several times, in and out of the closets, scrutinizing the equipment, getting the lay of the land. Shane fancied that she was visualizing a fight, deciding what she could use to her advantage and what to avoid. Then she had silently disappeared under the sofa.
"Yes! They haven't heard from him today."
“You are
She waited. The morphine was lovely, lighter, purer than the heroin. Abruptly my aches began to fade... then disappeared. I floated...
“He, erm, didn’t care for the arrangements.”
"He'd leave, he wouldn't stand for it."
I kicked him. “Don’t be an arse.” I said. But I couldn’t help but laugh – and I was rewarded when he laughed with me.
"...just grab it for you, or would you like to come in for a drink? Erm... I don't have much, come to think of it. Tea. Maybe a beer... I wasn't expecting company."
"I went for a scan." He admitted. "Hip fracture – all the sprinting and tackling made it worse, I guess. No running, no cycling, no long walks. I have to use the cane for the next three weeks at least."
“Erm, sorry!” John mumbled as Shane grabbed his hand and they ran down the street together laughing. It felt so good to laugh! It felt good to be aroused.
“John… with the annuity, you can afford the flat. Why go to the trouble of moving?” Yes, Mycroft, make him stay!
“John?”
"The insects must have come through the bullet hole." Sherlock said.
Suzy = Suzanne Vega - Omega
Sherlock watched and thought about their one night together, about John's hands on his body. He would never experience that again.
Next chapter: John has a series of visitors.
“It’s a long trail.”
“I can walk!” He insisted.
“Does it hurt?” John asked, kissing the bond bite gently and inhaling deeply. Their scents were strongest there – and now Sherlock’s honey scent would have an overlay of John’s hot-summer’s-day/freshly-cut-grass/growing-things scent, to tell all other Alphas that this Omega was claimed, off-limits.
“Yeah. Life and death and national security. Sherlock’s brother... he works for the government. He needed help... that’s all I can say.”
Sherlock smiled faintly. “I had anticipated the suicide scenario and made preparations.”
“Is he... is he dead?” Oh god no!
“Bloody hell.” The ramifications swirled around my brain. “Sherlock knew what Moriarty was going to do.”
“Yes.” Sherlock hated –
"Yes?"
“Thank you for coming. I was starting to feel paranoid...”
God, he felt stupid.
I gave him three fingers and he took it. He felt tight, but he seemed to adjust quickly. I jacked his prick and ran a fingertip over the walnut shaped prostate inside him. He jumped a little and I could see him fisting my blankets.
Lestrade met Sherlock at St. Bart’s. It was after hours, so Sherlock had been able to commandeer an empty lab. He’d synthesized one batch already and had begun on the second.
“Which is why I assume there must be more to you than meets the eye. Jim wouldn’t have bothered with you otherwise.” Sherlock shifted in the chair, subtly spreading his legs, displaying his crotch to the other man.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Oh my god. There IS someone.”
"Only the most romantic city for my darling boy."
"John!" He all but whined.
He caught my fingers and brought them to his lips. I held onto his hand and he seemed content.
Projected inward, the link made them insular – a single unit concerned only with itself. Projected outwards, the link expanded both of their horizons and understanding. The world enlarged, augmented, exploded with new information.
“I’m so sorry.” John said softly.
“Sherlock came by my office about a week ago.” Lestrade said, pouring a measure of whisky in each of our glasses.
John kissed my neck, the shell of my ear, his hand still in my hair. "I've been so worried about you... so afraid you wouldn't come back..." He was hiding his eyes from me.
Sherlock nodded and walked quickly to the bog, hiding his face from John – John’s kindness was much harder to take than his outrage. He removed the hairpiece and pulled the prosthetics off his face carefully, they were thin and easily damaged. He took off the coat and the bloody tie and opened his collar, which immediately made him feel better. He shed the waistcoat as well and washed his face. Sherlock ruffled his hair, the dark curls were smashed and lopsided still, but he looked like himself.
“Yeah?”
"I haven't seen him." John said, adjusting the bed so he could sit up. "It's ridiculous that I'm laying in bed all bloody day." He muttered. It WAS ridiculous. Yeah, he needed more rest to promote healing, but this was just dumb.
We continued on. I slipped once and almost sat down in the water flowing over the trail. Victor caught my arm again and steadied me. The walking stick with its pointed tip was a savior, keeping me balanced as I walked over slippery stones and slid on the mud.
John laughed softly. "I was ripe and now I'm rotting. Sorry – sorry, I feel good right now – it feels wonderful to be here with you... on your really nice linens, why do yours always feel so good?"
“Must be about time you took a few days off to look out for your... sister, is it?”
She sighed. "He loved you and you left him – as miserable as you have chosen to be, he's been even more miserable, but you decided that for him. Sherlock, you owe him an apology. Work on that."
“Yes. Too many.” Sherlock agreed. “Did you see who brought her here?”
"In a manner of speaking." I said. I wasn't about to tell Mike about Sherlock and me until I was certain there WAS a Sherlock and me. "Mariah." I greeted her unenthusiastically – she'd made a beeline for our table. "This is my friend Mike. Mike, this is Mariah." I couldn't help but think that if Sherlock hadn't spoken at Wallog, I'd be introducing Mike to my girlfriend. It was awkward. "How are you?" I tried to keep a mask of pleasant politeness in place.
“Mm. Alone time is overrated."
On reflection, I was surprised I hadn’t run into Victor long before. Perhaps we had avoided each other, each ashamed of our part in the affair. I regretted the deception, and according to John, Victor regretted it as well. Maybe I should apologize. He hadn’t hurt me – Mycroft ending our affair had hurt, but it had been doomed from the start.
“Like you couldn’t hold your man?” Sherlock asked. “Why did you kill him? If you loved him?”
"No."
“Sherlock…?” I stepped towards him, concerned. I’d never seen him so upset.
“I haven’t done this before.” Sherlock said softly. “Slept with someone. Tell me if I do something wrong.” He couldn’t parse the look on John’s face, but John pulled him close and kissed him, and  Sherlock felt reassured.
SHERLOCK
"Ok." Bob said. "But don't go far. Ok?"
Sherlock huffed and moved back to the corpse himself. He leaned in as close to her scent gland as he could and closed his eyes as he inhaled. “Icing sugar.” He muttered. “Very delicate.” He inhaled again. “And a hint of bitter sap... an aftertaste. This girl – all of them – they’re attractive, fresh. They would be in demand in a brothel. Killing them is a sacrifice. Why?”
"My hands...!"
I kissed his knee – I had one arm wrapped around his bent leg as I frigged him – and smiled down at him.
An alarm sounded, gonking loudly. Both Sherlock and the boss jumped. There was thumping and banging from the floor above – the police raid had begun, dozens of uniformed Betas were flooding the building.
They rode back to hospital in companionable silence, the tension between them gone for the moment. As long as John needed them, they were on the same team.
"John!" I cried. The word squeaked strangely, reminding me that my throat hurt. It hadn't when I'd been talking to Gereth.
“In pain… my shoulder… can’t move my left arm…”
"What sort of distractions?"
With a cry, Sherlock erupted in his mouth and John pressed himself down, forcing the next spurt, and the next, down his throat. He held his mate still, caressing his flanks as he trembled.
^^^But if you can’t find the words... I trust you. I do. I will try to be more patient.^^^
"Neither of them complained."
"My charms are so great?" The nurse's merry eyes danced. "Or are you fighting with your boyfriends already."
“You went on a date!?” Sherlock cut in to demand.
"If you're not going to be able to handle it, get out now, Bruno."
Suddenly there was a commotion. “What’s going on here!?” Called a stentorian voice with a flat American accent. There were screams from some of the Omegas and a scramble away from the voice. Arabella squeaked in alarm – Suki had a hand over the girl’s mouth and was pulling her down under the gurney in an instant.
But no, Mycroft would have approached me differently if Sherlock had died... he wouldn’t give me this kind of hope.
"It was... but not as exciting as it could be. If he'd said he'd wounded it in the first place and trapped the tiger instead of just following it, sir. Or if he claimed an injury from the attack. I listen to a lot of stories, sir, I've always been able to tell when someone is telling tales."
Sherlock looked down at the bright red and yellow pants with the accentuated pouch. "Clearly." He said.
Shane walked down the hall and tapped lightly on John’s bedroom door. Sherlock could just hear John’s voice, but not what he said. It must have been an invitation as Shane disappeared into the room, shutting the door behind him.
He stayed in the shower for a long time, eventually turning his face to the spray in the vain hope that it would stimulate his tears to fall – he could feel them inside, like rot. John desperately wanted them out.
Mycroft complied, his ear near my mouth. When I didn’t speak, he looked up questioningly. “What is it?” He asked.
"He kissed me." The bottomless well of pain returned. He covered his face until he had control of his features. Then he studied the shrubbery, the rain made it more beautiful.
"I'd overdo it." John said, standing up effortfully. "If it didn't hurt. I want it to heal."
After what seemed like a long time, a man in a neat dark suit appeared and spoke in low tones to the doctor. The I.V. fluids and meds were doing their job and his pain was receding. He was even starting to feel less cold. John slowly relaxed and found that his mind could make more sense of what was happening around him. Circulatory shock. That was bad. Maybe very bad.
Jesus... he couldn't believe this – yesterday morning his biggest problem was Sherlock coming back from the dead, how conflicted he'd felt, so angry and simultaneously so happy. He wanted to spend time with him, but the anger and betrayal stood in the way. The one time they had met to talk, they'd ended up fucking. Which hadn't resolved anything.
Sherlock dropped off to sleep, his face angelic in repose. John watched him. He would add this to the handful of 'perfect moments' he had experienced in his life – seeing his beautiful, sated lover fall asleep in his embrace. It reminded him, in a way, of waking in Sherlock's arms and kissing him so long ago.
“That was divided among forty or so smaller bequests.”
John had never looked at me that way.
I wanted to refuse, but his quiet request had an edge of melancholy I found difficult to ignore.
John wasn't sure how it happened. One second he was still mourning Sherlock's death, still beating himself up for not seeing it coming, not being there when Sherlock had needed him – as he had been for long over a year. The next second ... well...
His sharp eyes lingered on the bed Sherlock had shared with me – the bed that still smelled of Sherlock and the joyous sex we’d had the morning before we were arrested. The bed I’d been lying in when Mycroft came to the door.
“A case! A murder! It looks like a good one too.” Sherlock said, rubbing his hands together in glee. “Fifth floor flat, door locked from the inside, no murder weapon. John, it’s Christmas!”
“Faggot!” He sucker punched me in the ribs, knocking my glasses into the table.
He was running late, but still he shilly-shallied on the way from the Underground. Why had he agreed to this? This dinner at a nice restaurant? He'd felt... content... lying in Shane's bed after having sex for the first time since his abduction, and he'd agreed to this dinner date. It had felt natural to go out as a couple with other couples.
Angus gave him an irritated look. "Why yes, I AM doing well today. Thank you for asking." He said.
“It’s OK, John. It’s really is. I want to get to know you – and this is part of you.”
John hadn't answered and she'd left soon after. John had been quiet the rest of the day and hadn't joked or smiled since.
"John..."
“Yeah.” John said thinking of Moriarty, a small explosion of anger blooming in his chest.
"Let's take a step back." Bob interjected. "Let's catch our breath for a moment."
"Yes?"
John had learned that Sherlock was sensual. He loved sex. He loved making love with John, ever more adventurously. A day rarely went by that they didn't have carnal adventures of one sort or another. Their empathetic link allowed John to feel what Sherlock felt as he made love to him, creating an erotic feedback loop of mindblowing intensity. John had never had sex like this, never had so much sex and had never wanted it more.
James Sholto frowned slightly. “A genius... he must be from one of the old families. A pureblood.”
“What does that even mean?”
The shower was nirvana. He washed away the horror of the last twenty-four hours, scrubbing himself with soap and a flannel, sudsing the crisp bits out of his hair... some of the things that he’d done…
Next week I'll post the LAST CHAPTER. AND the first chapter of Biology and the British Government – which features, among other things, the return of Moriarty and the final showdown.
I photographed the scrap with my phone then replaced it where I had found it. I checked all the cabinets, but found no ashtrays.
"Oh, erm, I was a soldier, I saw my share of trouble... working with Sherlock, I made use of that experience... that training..."
Shane stayed with him while Sherlock went to get the takeaway. John moved as far as he could to the left side of the bed without disturbing his stump and pulled Shane down to lie next to him. Shane wrapped his arms around him and John rested his head on Shane’s narrow chest. This man was his lover, he had desired his body, fucked him… John couldn’t feel anything remotely sexual right now. But it felt lovely to be held.
For a very, very long time.
“Right. Ta, doctor. This has been very enlightening.”
(See the end of the chapter for
"Wait - what can I do? I have to do something."
Did he know that Sherlock was alive?
Lestrade kissed him once more then stood. They both still wore their shoes, creating an impediment to trouser remouval. He took hold of Mycroft’s foot attempting to untie the burnished wingtip. The thin laces defied his fingers. He worked at them, Mycroft’s long legs and erect cock… waiting…
Sherlock watched John walk away down Baker Street. He followed discretely - he was disguised, and John had rarely noticed when Sherlock trailed him in the past, but he wasn't going to take any chances now when the stakes were so much higher.
I returned to the closed door – the loo, it had to be. I stood aside and twisted the nob, flinging the door inward, as I had at the front door. I flashed my gun then swung into the room – I almost pulled the trigger! A figure lurked behind the closed shower curtain. But at the last millisecond I recognised it was unmoving. And I recognised the odour. I pulled back the curtain, still pointing the gun directly at what I discovered to be a shovel and empty quicklime bags sitting on top of a corpse packed in the stuff. The flat’s unfortunate tenant.
"Why!" Shane cried. "Why is he trying to kill us?"
John had struck up conversations wth Fraser's partner and Krazinsky's friend and had helped Sherlock form a list of the things the two victims had in common. It was a short list.
It had been easy not to think about it yesterday – the sex alone kept his mind engaged for several hours. (How had he ever thought it would be boring?!) And then just being WITH John, being together as a couple, making dinner (or rather watching John make dinner) and eating it together, unable to stop grinning at each other like fools. It had been wonderful.
There had been three Omegas in the tent, each strapped to a gurney. John hadn’t stopped to examine the equipment or the supplies surrounding his sister, he’d simply grabbed Harry and bolted. Bill Murray had taken one of the other Omegas and then gone back for the third whilst John had rung the cops from a public call box and reported the location of the whorehouse. If he’d also happened to say it was on fire, well, he’d wanted to be certain the place would be shut down.
Sherlock shuddered in his arms and kissed back. It was just awkward enough to tell John it was his first kiss. His heart overflowed with affection for this sweet Omega – for his sweet, amazing, fantastic, beautiful Omega. John would treasure him.
-your date with Seb must have gone well, I haven’t heard from either of you for days.-
"John... just... I need you to help me with Moriarty. Please will you...?"
"You're going to find out how very much it matters!" Anwen retorted. "You can visit your lover in prison – when you're old enough to sign yourself in."
“Yes.” I agreed. “And because you were shot, you came back to London and I met you. Without this...” I kissed the scar once more. “...we would not be together now. Sometimes I look at this –“ I traced the scar with my fingers. “– and wonder at everything that had to happen to bring us together... and what would life be like... without you...”
I glanced uneasily through the window. Sherlock had his eyes closed, ignoring the nurse. “Did he say when...?”
Lady Anwen went completely white. "What... what are you... no, Gereth! Tell me you didn't...!"
I stopped. “What happened to your ring?” I asked. His big stainless steel ring no longer pierced the head of his cock.
“I’ll break your thumb.” I growled in Kazakh, aware that all eyes at the table were on me.
Sherlock shrugged, reading my discomfort easily. But he evaded my eyes.
"I'm sorry I'm late." John said by way of greeting. He kissed Shane, registering how different his lips felt from Sherlock's. "Have you been waiting long?"
John scoffed bitterly. "Because HE was following me too. Who knows for how long. He used to do that sometimes before – he had to know everything I did."
The policeman hesitated then scoffed and nudged the Omega out of the way. He leaned close and sniffed. Then again, lingeringly, his eyes closing and his lips parting. He abruptly shook himself out of his reverie, stood up and shrugged. “Rotten spaghetti and banana peels.” He said. "And whatever else has gone off in that skip. You?”
"The unlucky resident of this flat." I remarked.
John just stared at him, the anger leaking away like water through a sieve. "I can't marry you." He said, his voice flat.
"I won't."
“That’s such a relief! I don’t know what I’d do if I lost you!”
I pushed him onto his back and pinned him. "Don't lie to me." I said gently. I touched his cheek and felt the wet of his tears.
"Shane, John needs space. And he needs someone to be angry with. He can be a wanker to me all he needs, it doesn't bother me. But it's obvious that being in hospital at night is upsetting to you. And, it's obvious John is getting under your skin. Go home. Sleep in your own bed. Come back in the morning. He'll need you tomorrow."
John has regrets.
I texted John: Where are you? Come to my room.
I was in bed, but not asleep. Between seeing Victor again and the closed door between me and John – both literal and figural – I couldn't get a handle on this case. It was early days yet... but I couldn't help thinking I'd missed something obvious.
“Oi!” He grabbed at me and I let him catch me, let him drag me into a corner. I didn’t let him push me to my knees, though. I stayed at eye level as I gripped his balls and twisted them. He tried to shove me away, but I wrapped my other arm around his neck.
“You’re going to hospital.” Sherlock said, aware that their conversation could be overheard. Or even recorded. “I want to get to know the Colonel better. Jim Moriarty must have seen something special in him. I’m…curious.”
Shane fell into step beside him.
“Are you all right?” Shane asked her.
John was stunned. Sherlock had confessed as much – written how he loved John in the letter he'd handed to him when he reappeared after two years of being 'dead.' But devoted? To John? The words made sense, but somehow John had never quite realized how fully Sherlock loved him.
"Fine." Sherlock huffed, reaching down for his trousers and trying to hide the wave of dizziness that caused.
to be independent. I
"But I can't - how could I?" John paced distractedly, his anger surging again. "After what he's done? I can't trust him. I can't rely on him. I can't be with him."
“No! John, no. But we must be more careful from now on.”
“Mutual friend.” I supplied quickly.
When he'd told Bob, the psychiatrist, about the conversation with Shane, the one in which he told John he would be ok if John saw both of them, Bob had said, 'why not?'
"Then take him at his word."
Gereth smiled knowingly. “Trying to establish my alibi? I was playing Grand Theft Auto in my room. There’d been a row at breakfast – Wynnie had been picking at Vic again and Dad wouldn’t have it. He told Wynn to pack up and get out – to be gone by the time dad finished his hike.”
**home in an hour. Be ready!** John texted. I shuddered with anticipation. I was ready – I had been ready all day.
“There are things we can try – things we should try – but the chance of success is low.”
But then he smirked up at me, steel in his gaze, and I kept my hands to myself.
We hadn’t fought again, not like that. John told me about couples who fought all the time, becoming addicted to the adrenaline of the argument and the intensity of the sex. And he told me about quarrels that had ended relationships...
“Yeah, you bet.” Suki replied gamely. She led him to the next gurney, the one closest to the front stairs. Suki began tugging at the straps holding down an extremely young girl with a head full of long tangled ringlets and a heat harness digging furrows into her neck.
Sherlock stood up. He could see a knot of hospital personnel gathered, several attempting to calm a middle aged woman in street clothes.
“No, it’s a beautiful love letter.”
“What’s getting away from you?”
"John, if you don't mind me asking, how did you get involved with BOTH Shane and Sherlock?"
"No, don't make that face." John said sharply. "None of this is your fault."
"Erm, yes, John."
Sherlock shuddered dramatically.
"Yes."
As soon as the lift doors closed, John staggered and moaned. Shane needed both arms to hold him upright.
"That's tender?" John asked, separating Sherlock's dark curls to get a better look.
“Oh please! Todd. Our waiter. The reason you ALWAYS want to go to that fucking café! Todd who waits ‘til I’m in the gents to touch your shoulder and tell you what a big fan he is! If you want to screw around again, Sherlock, all you have to do is say so. You won’t have to worry about me getting in your way!”
His head hurt. Sherlock closed his eyes and lay back in the wheelchair.
“Why bother?” I said miserably. “You’ve made your decision. Nothing I say now will prevent this idiocy.”
“Are you sure? A few months ago I had to drop everything to help out my sister. I didn’t even tell work – had to ask a friend to do it while I was out of town...” This wasn’t strictly true – I’d been with Sherlock in the Japanese suite. But Harry’s drinking was my cover story – and it was a good one. “Seb could have gone to help an aunt... or a cousin...” I was blatantly fishing now.
"Does it matter? The point is that we're being watched.
He heard John's bedroom door open.
Before John could answer, Virginia said, “Molly’s missing.”
“Yes, of course they’ve met.”
“Sherlock.” The Omega narrowed his eyes. “And I’m not underaged. I’m twenty!”
Sherlock’s elegant hands ranged over my chest, running his fingers through the ginger fur – I knew he liked it, he had his hands in it whenever he could. He traced my abdomen with one finger.
“Thirty million pounds.”
The helicopter took them to a helipad on top of a building outside London. Mycroft was waiting for them, his ubiquitous PA at his side. He looked impeccable as always, his suit crisp, his tie tucked neatly into his waistcoat. How did the man manage to look so good in the middle of the apocalypse?
Sherlock hummed into their kiss, laughing when he tasted himself. “You’re amazing, John.” He said, his voice deep and sultry.
“Sod off.”
Sherlock closed his eyes, but he didn't stop me.
“You’re going to heal.” Shane squeezed his hand. “John, I can’t even imagine how you must feel… but when I said ‘I love you,’ I meant it. I love you, John. This doesn’t matter to me. YOU matter to me.”
“You knew you’d lost your chance at John.”
Antoinette also spent time massaging John's left leg. The circulation in that leg had been compromised, not nearly to the extent of his left hand, but enough that John suffered terrible cramps and when he was tired, he limped.
"I'll kill you, Omega!" The American brayed.
“Could you!? That would be great. I think that would help.”
“The real question.” I told him. “Is is he toying with me?” I sipped my pint and waited for another customer to move away. “Moran doesn’t know we know he’s a gambler. And he doesn’t know – not for certain – that we have a description of him. Not from the dry cleaner anyway. He had his hair covered when he spoke to Mrs Fein’s neighbor in the high rise.”
“Oh, god.”
"I think G is in the stables with Bess – that or the gun room. Wynnie's probably in the library. Or his bedroom."
slept with, three-continents Watson?”
"I can't believe I was worried you'd find me out – the great Sherlock Holmes! I thought for sure you knew it was me, that you were just toying with me. I went out of my way to befriend John, to keep tabs on your investigation. But you're like everybody else, too stupid to see what's right in front of your face!"
“Dead.”
His face was a portrait of grief – the sudden loss of a loved one could be very hard. I remembered how I felt when I thought Irene had been murdered.
"Look between his toes, between the first and second on his left foot. Run the blood test – what can it hurt? He should have activated charcoal..."
I traced a faint scar on his lower back and kissed it, thrilling at Sherlock’s shiver. I nipped lightly at the base of his spine. I ached with arousal. I wanted to fuck him right then without ceremony or preparation.
Mary looked incredulous. “I know you did. I saw his corpse! After you jumped, I saw him! You can’t deny it. I saw the blood and the gun. He didn’t get up. He didn’t move. He just laid there, bleeding. I almost emptied my rifle into you, Sherlock, on the ground. I wanted to.”
He meant that it wouldn’t be long before Sherlock was again overtaken by his heat, desperate for John’s cock, for his knot, his body determined to be bred, impregnated by his Alpha. Heats lasted anywhere from three days to a week – and newly bonded Omega heats tended to be on the longer side – so it was wise to grab sleep and food in the short intervals between frenzied fuck sessions.
"He was an associate of Moriarty’s, John. A friend. He thinks I killed Moriarty. My theory is that he’s keeping an eye on you to make certain I’m dead.”
"The only reason he's accepted it thus far is because he feels guilty."
“Oh...” She didn’t seem to know what to say.
“Debatable.” I muttered.
have been working.”
John cringed from it. "He left it on the table."
He dreamed he was in the earth, a seed or a bulb, slumbering through the winter... the dirt pressing in on him from every side... he didn't breathe, he didn't talk, he didn't eat or drink. He didn't move. He was buried alive... waiting... waiting...
“So he was a mentor?”
“Yeah.”
"Clearly."
“I’m not hungry.” I said automatically. I didn’t want food. I didn’t want to be around all those people. I could barely tolerate Nazer’s cell mates.
He found Sherlock’s lab on the third try, found him writing formulae on a whiteboard, slides and samples and someone’s notes spread out on the table. “What are you doing here?” Sherlock demanded without stopping or turning around. “You should be with
“If you’re lucky.”
“Sure.” The nurse put his hand on John’s shoulder. “I know this bloody well sucks, but you are going to be OK.”
"So what?!" Gereth demanded. "It's none of your business, Ani! Let go of me!"
"Oh. Right. In relation to my recovery I'm...let me think... BORED. All this..." I waved a hand at the room, encompassing the circle of chairs, their inhabitants and the counselor. "... is boring. Dreadfully, mind-numbingly boring." I sat in one of the chairs. I'd been meditating on the passage of clouds out the window when Walter, the counselor, interrupted to ask his banal questions.
John began to dread going to Wee Ruggers.
"Of course I'll help, Sherlock. Why are we talking about Moriarty? I thought we were going to talk about us."
"Oh."
“Brilliant.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I nodded – of course he’d studied London’s dirt. “Do you have any theories about who this sniper is?”
More to come!
“What did he want?” I asked. The surprise bubbled around inside me, bumping up against the numbness.
ideal. His threat instincts had been on such high alert that John barely slept.
"When did you know?"
"I need to talk to Owen Hughes." I told him.
John smiled at him and interlaced their fingers, feeling a spark of happiness growing.
“I’m John. Can you help me free the others?”
“So tell me, how
The anger has a life of its own. It's a net, a shell that encases me. It's hardened into concrete. I'm trapped in it, unable to move or even breathe. I cannot break out of it - and I'm not even sure I want to. It's safe in here, in my bunker of fury, he can't get to me here. He can't hurt me again.
Then John’s hand slipped, and he scraped his wrist on the rusted metal. It sobered him enough to know that the Omega had done no such thing. John had helped him, twice now, and the Omega still needed help. John could and would protect him – from himself if he could, as well as any Alpha that got anywhere near him.
Wallog was silent and dim in the pre-dawn light. I found my coat in the hall closet, but finding the kitchen proved more difficult. It took several minutes to locate the door to the downstairs hidden in the wall by the staircase.
"Go see Shane. No need to reward bad behavior."
But this… this wasn’t just a sweet-honey scent he couldn’t help but desire. This was overwhelming. John was drowning in honey, he was saturated with it. And he had to have more.
Sherlock was up with the dawn, again casing the neighborhood. He catalogued all the cameras pointed at the old mansion. He drew himself a map noting the cameras and the areas he believed they covered. He stayed out of those areas. There were, he believed, two narrow blind spots where he could surveil the house without being seen, but there was no way to get closer. From those areas, he started making a diagram of the security on the house itself.
The rest of the day was increasingly awkward. Jim was very understanding, and so sweet to the ungrateful terror. Mycroft did his best to smooth things over, but Sherlock grew more and more truculent and sulky.
"The body was discovered because the neighbors complained of the smell." Lestrade explained. "He's been in there at least a month. Probably longer."
Lestrade laughed at himself, prompting a quizzical look from Mycroft. He was getting ahead of himself — he was having a holiday snog in the back seat of Mycroft’s car, not getting married.
John took a deep breath. "He's telling us he can kidnap us again anytime, kill us anytime. We already knew that, didn't we?"
“I’ll bet.”
I tried to put these thoughts out of my mind. I hadn’t made progress on the sniper case in weeks, I should focus on that... but my Mind Palace sat on a far hill that try as I might, I could not reach. I turned to my violin... though I played until my fingers ached, I couldn’t put the quarrel aside. I dwelled on it, perseverated, even as I drew bow across strings.
The nurse nodded at Shane then turned to Sherlock and squinted. "I met that one earlier, I think, but he looked like a hobo."
“Personal!?” Mycroft almost laughed. “Brother, you don’t HAVE anything personal. EVERYTHING is public. Too public, if you ask me.”
Sherlock forced himself to stop. It had only been two days – he'd promised himself to give John two weeks before he considered relapsing. This was going to be harder than he thought.
I’ve become one of those pathetic, aging queens desperately in love with a straight man simply because he’s been kind to me. God damn Victor Trevor to hell! If he hadn’t been here, John would never have known anything about my sexual life.
“I was in a children’s home until I was eighteen...” She resumed her story without looking at me. “Then I was on my own. I was living in a squat with a bunch of other people, waiting tables when I could. Getting high. I was nothing and if had been up to me I would have stayed nothing.”
"You'll be released tomorrow." John told him. "Do you want me to stay with you tonight?"
Sometimes I read his letter - the one he wrote to explain himself, to apologize. The one in which he calls me 'my dearest John' and declares his romantic love for me (!) - and then admits he's a frightened virgin... I believe every word of it. What he did makes sense in context. It makes me want to hold him tightly - and to fuck him silly. He needs to be fucked thoroughly and often. It would bind him to me, it would soften him, make him invest in his humanity.
My prick had softened somewhat while we'd rested, but he was at full attention now. John propped himself on one elbow. His hand found my swollen cock and stroked it between us. He thumbed the wet slit, pressing against my Prince Albert in ways that made me gasp and throb, and smeared the fluid down my shaft, lubricating the friction. I thrust into his fist, holding him close with my leg. I was in heat, I needed him! I bit his lip, harder than he liked and he squeezed my cock painfully. I cried out in ecstasy.
"Sherlock, please." He read the man cursorily – his casual, yet expensive cashmere polo with wafer crumbs on the lapel, the crisp crease of his trousers, the careless way his hair was groomed – or rather not groomed – into an appealing suggestion of bedhead, his well-muscled arms contrasting with his middle-aged paunch, and the well-defined laugh lines around his eyes... this was an easygoing man happy with his life. He was happy with his wife (a class-conscious neat-freak who bought his clothes for him), and his family, and he loved his job. He eschewed pretension, not even calling himself 'Doctor Bob,' just 'Bob.'
“Wait here, yeah?” John said. He went to the next gurney and freed the girl there and then the next. Though weak and frightened, all the young Omegas worked hard to release their fellows, and the work went quickly.
Mycroft sighed wearily. “If you want me to say that I’ve made mistakes in how I’ve treated you…”
"Yes!" He wondered when his brother would realise that Lestrade, like John, couldn’t be bought. It would be interesting to observe. It’s too bad Mycroft would ruin his relationship with the police detective – he was definitely more bearable when he was distracted by regular sex. Sherlock lit a cigarette and inhaled deeply. "John left something for you..." He suddenly remembered. He gestured towards the kitchen. "Envelope on the table."
“Maybe.” She said. “You’ll never know.”
“Why do you think that!?”
“You smell safe.” Molly told him. “Not just because you’re bonded. I’m glad Sherlock has a good mate.”
I expected the shower to be sexual – it was when we’d bathed together at home. And this shower was decadent, it was an entire room, jade green marble with a strip of mirrors at chest height. A drain in the floor that was subtly tilted so water wouldn’t pool or spill out the glass door. Three shower heads, a large one over our heads, two others that were moveable. There was also steam, if one wanted it, and a soaking tub to one side that I had enjoyed my first night here.
I was in the habit of using my transport however I wished – eschewing sleep and food, sprinting through London, leaping from building to building, playing my violin all night, smoking, taking cocaine or meth or whatever interesting prescriptions I found in Mummy's medicine cabinet, getting into fistfights or knife fights, hiking in the winter rain without proper gear...
"Sherlock..."
“I’m awake.” I said, sitting up. My heart flooded with joy – I was lying next to my Sherlock! He was home! I ran my fingers through his hair and kissed his jaw.
my fault.” Sherlock snapped.
“Ultimately I developed a strategic hygiene problem.”
As he lay on the stairs, John felt his bondmate’s confusion, his pain. He tried to reach out, reassure Sherlock ... but the world went black.
"It doesn't matter." Victor cut in. "I didn't expect he'd die for thirty or forty more years... then what he'd left would keep me comfortable until I joined him. I don't need it now. I'll find my own way."
"Oh! Interesting."
Victor got another glass and poured a couple fingers. “I hope you don’t mind it neat.” He said, handing me the glass.
John.
"You're here now."
“Someone with a long reach.”
Mycroft looked like he’d rather shove tacks in his gums than host his family at Christmas.
Mycroft sat heavily in the chair John had vacated. “He’s already seen you.” He said. “And you’re very mistaken if you think he judges you.”
“Alphas only then.”
to search that office.” Sherlock said. “It’s empty right now, this is the perfect time – before anyone has a chance to destroy files or erase hard drives. You can find Molly.”
"Come in." I said. Even in the dark, I could see immediately that he knew. Victor had told him. I was relieved – I hadn't had the words. "Come in." I said again, sitting up.
“Yes.” The detective said. John watched him leave feeling the roil of his frustration through their link.
John smiled, embarrassed but also proud. "Yeah. Yes."
“You ... you told me once that you weren’t a hero.” The words caught me off guard. I hadn’t thought John would talk when he was alone. But it was MY John – my soldier, my friend, my lover – talking to ME.
in thirty years. He grinned at Mycroft, taking in his kiss-red lips and mussed hair, the disarrangement of his clothes. Seeing him without a tie was… shocking. Lestrade thought he could get used to it. He could grow to quite like it.
"I am. I'm desperate for another lesson."
"No one ends up in A&E though." John said sadly.
"John." Shane said softly. John thought he heard a note of apprehension in his voice. "Now isn't the time for you to make big decisions. With your injury, you have enough to deal with now."
(See the end of the chapter for
Mycroft nodded. He leaned forward and pressed a button, spoke into a grille. “Thank you, Daniel. Please return to Baker Street and take my parents to their hotel when they’re ready. Then you can go home, I’ll take a cab from here.”
"Wait... you and Sherlock... you had a relationship?"
“No! It wasn’t right. He didn’t know what he did to me.”
Then I felt flattered. And... interested. I never thought I'd be interested in a man... but Sherlock is beautiful – I'd noticed. Of course I'd noticed, I'd have to be blind and deaf not to notice Sherlock's beauty, strange and alien as it was sometimes. Everyone noticed. I'd seen enough women and men throw themselves at him to be grateful for the awkward little scene in Angelo's that first night. Sherlock had warned me off – not that I would have been foolish enough to make a move on him regardless.
“Jesus, John!” Shane exclaimed. “Where have you been hiding THAT?” He caressed the length and breadth of John’s erection through his jeans.
I tugged at his shirt and he shed it. "You too." He whispered, plucking at my shirt as he rolled half on top of me. I pulled the tails from my trousers - but I felt trapped, all of a sudden. I fought a wave of panic, feeling cold sweat blooming all over my body. I stopped myself from snapping at John, shoving him off me. I loved John! I trusted John! What was I doing?!
"I tried to kill him this time – it's probably not a good idea to see him again.... listen, fuck him! FUCK HIM! I've wasted enough time on Sherlock Holmes. I'm done."
Then, with unexpected violence, Sherlock was slammed face first against the door. He barely had time to turn his head before the hard wood slapped his cheek. His arm was twisted up behind him painfully – and he realized John had done to him what Sherlock had seen him do to villains time and again. He felt John’s weight against his back and Sherlock arched, presenting his arse, rubbing it against John.
Bob smiled. "Sherlock. Sit , please."
“Which brings us to the topic of birth control.” Virginia said. “Family planning allows you to choose when and how many children to have...”
“Oh, erm, cheers.”
"No, I didn't." Sherlock affirmed.
“Sherlock, you promised me.” I said. “You can’t do this by yourself. He’s too dangerous. I have your back. You have mine.”
Eventually the rehab administrator came back and cleared her throat meaningfully.
“Fuck!” John breathed as Sherlock worked himself down his pole, his Omega cock bouncing stiffly. “Fuuuuck!”
— I didn’t, not really. But now…” Reflexively, he touched the green mark on his cheek. “Now I know.”
The big man stepped closer. Sherlock made out his blonde crew cut and his pink eyes. His eyebrows were so white-blonde they disappeared into his pale skin. He looked alien.
He farmed out surveillance on Moran to the homeless network. He received reports via text. The Colonel continued to watch John, but made no more threatening move than that.
“It will be different after you bond, you’ll see.” Mummy had told him brusquely.
“Why?” John asked.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. "Just shove over." He said, unbuttoning the white shirt. John just stared at him. But when he took off Shane's brown trousers, John started to laugh.
“Yeah. Here.” John lifted his arm and Sherlock slipped under it, helping him up the rest of the stairs. It was painful, but it was fast. “Loo.” John said. “I have to change the bandage.”
But he was as safe as I could make him.
John nodded. "I'm glad he didn't hurt you, Sherlock. I'm glad you're ok."
“I can have dinner ready in fifteen minutes.” John said, leaning over to kiss me. “If you’re hungry. But I was thinking of getting in the shower first...” He scratched at his ribs. “Still feeling a bit greasy – you’re welcome to join me.”
"I think ...." Walter started gently. "... you talk about it. You do things to reestablish control of your own life - like getting sober. Maybe trying an antidepressant. It's a process."
Mrs. Hudson comes to visit and does John a solid.
“Sherlock! Sherlock!” Someone shook him. It was startlingly painful.
“I keep waking you up. You aren’t getting any sleep.”
“With
Lestrade leaned against the wall. He was knackered. They were safe for now, really safe, they could rest for a moment.
“Why don’t you shower first.” John suggested. It was time to end this tiny oasis of love and making love in the desert of betrayal and pain that was his relationship with Sherlock. He’d put it off as long as he could.
I’d eased out from under the desk and was crouching behind the couch. I sprang up, and barreled into Moran, tackling him to the floor. He swung the rifle, trying to bring the butt down on my head – but it was an awkward angle, with me half on top of him. I parried the blow with my forearm, feeling the crack in my bones as the gun connected. I got myself upright, straddling him, my handgun pointed at his face, safety off, finger on the trigger. Moran froze.
John turned into Shane's embrace. "Sorry - I haven't looked at my phone. I'm not sure where it even is." He wondered if Shane could smell the sex on him, the dried semen on his chest and elsewhere, the sweat and the lubricant... John hadn’t cleaned up afterwards, he and Sherlock had clung to each other too fiercely. He hadn’t wanted to wash Sherlock off his skin.
"Yes." He'd bathed carefully. He didn't want to assume they would have sex, but thought it couldn't hurt to be prepared.
“It’s personal.”
Moran actually grinned. “Wanker.” He said.
The past few days, when Jim Moriarty had come to bond with Sherlock, was the first time in years that Mycroft had experienced Sherlock’s natural scent. It had seemed incongruous, the sweet honey scent on his vexatious brother… it reminded Mycroft of the vibrant, happy child Sherlock had been.
“You’ll notice it hasn’t stopped me.” I said, kissing his temple.
“What?!” Sherlock didn’t realize he was speaking until it was already out of his mouth. Both John and the doctor looked at him disapprovingly. “Sorry. Sorry.” Sherlock said. “I just didn’t realize… I’ll shut up.”
"Of course. Text me later."
“Then you told me how you felt – I’d always found you attractive, but you warned me off that first night. You made me believe you were asexual. And, honestly, I didn’t really know what to do with my attraction to you – I’ve never felt this way about another man – so it was... convenient ... to deny it – to myself as much as anyone else.
“God forbid you be bored.” John snapped.
I stopped walking. “Come here.” I said and kissed him right there in the street. “I’m not going to be able to stop smiling for days.” I told him. “Maybe weeks.” I kissed him again. He smiled back, happiness lighting his eyes, turning them a silvery blue in the sunlight. But he still had purple shadows beneath them and his steps were beginning to flag. “We should get a cab.”
I sighed again, suddenly exhausted. “I’m not finished yet.” I told him.
The iPad contained the ‘menu’ – the Omegas on offer that evening. They crowded around it and Sherlock flipped through the pages. There were seventeen Omegas listed, fourteen currently in heat. All the Omegas in heat had a queue indicated on the iPad – four Alphas in line for this one, one Alpha in line for the next, two Alphas in line for that one. The three not in heat didn’t have a lineup of Alphas waiting, but two were currently engaged.
CLANG! Thump.
John goes into the Kazakh prison for Sherlock.
Because it might be.
I had no answer for that – no polite answer, anyway, which I guess she'd been banking on. She spent the rest of the evening with us, standing close to me, her hand on my arm often, pressing herself against me a few times. I remembered when I first met her this behavior had been charming, encouraging. When I'd been seeing her a while, I thought she was getting a bit needy. But that could have been a reaction to Sherlock being a twat to her (as he was to all my girlfriends – something I suddenly understood). I had been getting a leg over, so I ignored it.
Lestrade leaned back in his chair as if Sherlock had slapped him. “Fine.” He snapped. “Get your coat.”
“That’s for certain.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Jo had chuckled like John had told a joke. “We’ll fit you for a custom one when you’ve completely healed. You can start practicing with a loaner in about a week. Don't wear it too long at first. You don’t want to aggravate the wound. How is it healing?”
I wasn’t going to say no to that! I pulled my t-shirt over my head and stretched out on my stomach. Sherlock straddled my hips and got to work, his large, strong hands massaging all the tension from my muscles.
The case is wrapped up.
He felt Mycroft’s clever fingers on the buttons of his shirt and he began unbuttoning Mycroft’s as well. He seemed to have twice as many as he needed on the still-crisp shirt. Underneath he wore a vest — as did Lestrade. He huffed with impatience, shoving Mycroft’s shirt and waistcoat off his shoulders and letting them fall to the floor. Then he shrugged his own off and let it drop.
He and the boyfriend were snogging passionately, making their way to the bed. John pulled his shirt off and the boyfriend – S.Bruno, presumably – leaned in to tongue a nipple and tug on the flies of John's jeans. John threw his head back and Sherlock could almost hear his moan as the boyfriend kissed his neck, nipped his jaw...
Sherlock frowned. "Last night? Tamara Krazinsky was in some sort of accident, was she not? Did she succumb to her injuries?"
The offer. Sherlock's offer of marriage. Talk about ridiculous. The problem was, John could envision himself married to Sherlock. If the man hadn't left him, they could very well be married already. Probably they would be, living together in the Baker Street flat, sharing a bed, sharing meals and adventures. Sharing love.
John paused and was about to deny it, but Sherlock had felt the knowledge – the existence of the knowledge – through the link.
"No. You need to resolve them. You need to talk to John about your feelings – your mutual feelings."
“Just like the girl.” Sherlock said. “Blood workup will confirm it.” He leant close to the boy’s neck. “Maple sugar.” He said. “With a foreign overlay.”
"That wasn't long before that night..."
“Stupid question.” I mumbled.
I had Mrs. Hudson's door unlatched and flung open in an instant. John whirled around in surprise, hands lifted defensively. When he saw it was me, he froze - and for a moment I was frozen too, suspended in the sublimity of his blue-gray gaze... then I flowed forwards into him, touching him, holding him, pressing him against the far wall (the same wall we'd leaned against and laughed after chasing the cabbie our first night together) and kissing him frantically.
