Before the bright flush that has begun to spread across his chest ends its conquest of the rest of the omega’s pale body, Mary stops and pulls her finger out, leaving him bereft and crying for more. Hungry for a kind of completion he still doesn’t fully understand.
Mrs. Adler, already sitting with her legs elegantly crossed, nods her confirmation.
Once the first one goes in, she picks up the second suppository without wasting another instant. This time however her finger buries it fully inside the omega’s body, continuing to push both bullets as far up the canal as her finger can reach. Then she crooks it a little and starts energetically fingering the hole, pumping and twisting her finger around a few times with purpose, testing and spreading the quickly melting lube more uniformly inside.
Startled by the sudden change of position he lets out a tiny yip.
Since stepping into the room, John never took his dark possessive eyes off the young omega, but he sits obediently still and steady. The alpha has a placid confidence developed through good training and the assuredness of a well-known routine. (Be a good boy and let the mistress finish preparing the omega, fuck the omega-bitch sooner.) Mary will be always proud of the prime example of an alpha stud breeder she has made out of him. Although she must admit that he was always quite the perfect stud, she just added a bit of discipline.
While John stood there, aggressively brooding at the duo, Janine received the call with the instruction to escort them in.
“Good boy,” she says, and concludes the long stroke with a couple of firm, pleased pats over his perky buttocks, just above where his little pussy sits, inciting what appears as a pretty strong yearning cramp, going by the noticeable clench in the area and the little cry the omega breathes out. The naive bitch may still be oblivious to the meaning of what is happening, but his body is already eager, gagging to be filled and bred.
A thin trickle of clear urine begins to leak slowly from the, now soft, omega’s cocklet, pooling first in his navel, and ending by spilling lazily down from one side of the omega’s graceful waistline.
“Precisely, and they are fantastic! They’re homemade right here in our facility,” Mary explains, “They have a small core filled with both fertility and slick hormonal coadjuvants. They will be absorbed as the shell melts from the body’s internal heat, lubing the omega as well. …with a tiny bit of ginger added to the mix. It adds an itch to the concoction that drives both parties even more wild to “scratch it”. It also helps reluctant bitches to “let go” faster.”
When the omega’s toes start to curl and uncurl in an almost rhythmical movement, she escalates her motions with increasingly tantalizing stimulation. Now tormenting the engorged labia and the brightly flushed  flesh within with a more vigorous kneading, but always receding to a scant, maddening skim when passing directly over the dip of the aperture. Little upset cries leaving the omega’s parted lips at every tease.
John never missed the lecherous gazes and the not so subtle, spine-chilling “flirting” Magnussen pressed against Sherlock every time they were forced to meet him. Even though the detective always tried to stay above it, burrowed in his arrogant and cold persona, John could see past it. He could see how every single instance of Magnussen’s predatory behaviour left Sherlock rather disconcerted. What John could do to minimize any opportunities for Sherlock to meet with Magnussen he did, and when said meetings where inevitable, at least he tried to always escort him, never to leave him alone with the disgusting man.
Magnussen’s remark made John pause a moment. It came like a complete shock for him. What about Irene?! And above all, what about bloody Janine, whom after the break-up didn’t miss an instant to tell to the world about all the vigorous and acrobatic sex she had with Sherlock. He knew the papers were exaggerating about it, but some truth must have being there, buried among the rubbish.
“Sherlock, please! Give me the permission to sock this bastard fucker and I’ll do it. With delight.” Currently John didn’t mind the troubles a similar feat could cause him, if in exchange he could save Sherlock from this torture.
The charade was repeated several times, at regular intervals of about ten minutes each. Magnussen filling Sherlock’s glass and pressing for the detective to quickly empty it, so as to “continue straightway his examination of the papers”, but leaving John and his glass alone.
Mary steers the omega to stay over the padding on the base, then she unhooks the leash from his collar.
--+O+--
The magnate ignored Sherlock’s firm request for an explanation, and herded the two guests towards the boardroom, where he motioned them to sit at a long, glass topped table. In front of them, on top of the table, were a dozen big binders divided in two tall stacks, all of them overflowing with documents.
For a short moment the omega’s entire body stiffens, surprise and pain clearly visible in his stunned expression— and in the next one, biology takes over, and a primeval instinct overrides his will, taking from him all the control over his voluntary muscles, leaving him limp and boneless in the clutches of the aroused alpha.
Comments and/or kudos are very appreciated.
Ten minutes more passed, Sherlock’s eyes had acquired an unfocused quality in their scanning, his mind clearly sidetracked by baser instincts. His muscles were visibly locked and his hands abruptly moved to reach his pelvis area.
Noticing how, despite his fragile and dazed state, Sherlock was trying to outright resume his work, still flushed and still studiously avoiding to make eyes contact. John kept on gently soothing him with a centering hand placed over his shoulder, thumb softly stroking a sharp collarbone. Leaving it there, till Sherlock stopped trembling some minutes later.
“I know, I know. I’ll be quick!” She chides with good humour while kneeling between the omega’s feet. Today John seems even more eager than usual. She wonders if maybe this omega, while playing all coy and reluctant, is furtively teasing the poor alpha with his persuasive pheromones, begging for his big knot to take him at once, like the filthy omega bitch he pretends he isn’t.
Both men froze and turned around, glancing inquiringly at Magnussen.
Magnussen began to pour the water in his own glass with smooth movements, and without even sparing a look at them and with a hint of pretended boredom in his tone, he explained: “Well Mr. Holmes, the game is quite simple: inside one of this binders there are some information you’ll find very useful for your ongoing case. You have all the time you need to peruse them, but as soon as you leave the table, the game is over and I get back my documents.”
Once Mary returns to the omega, she immediately notices how the added presence of the alpha and the powerful musk of his pheromones are already affecting the omega’s body responses. His breathing stutters and his eyes begin to acquire a bit of a glazed-over sheen, pupils blown wide, eclipsing almost all of his mercurial irises in black wells of lust.
“Before calling you I caught him riding one of the antique armchair armrests. This slutty, silly bitch was definitely drenched then, he made quite the mess. But since I spanked and cleaned him, no more showed.”
“Oh shush.” She chides, when the alpha lets out a short growl of annoyance before complying and proceeding to lift his torso away.
“Yep. Almost no slick inside as well, just as I thought.” Pulling out and cleaning her finger with a wet tissue,  she adds, “It’s all right though. I think it’s caused by the stress from the intensity of his presenting. It’s rare but it can happen to the most sensitive ones. Some omegas’ bodies need a couple “training” heats, before all those new hormones tune perfectly together. However, his fertility shouldn’t be significantly affected.”
Without looking up, the detective reached out a lightly trembling hand, with a slow motion brought the glass to his lips and began to take some tentative sips of water.
“No. I must solve the case… with either of us not sued to death… nor in prison, possibly.” A shadow of a smile tugged at Sherlock’s mouth for an instant while saying so, but immediately disappeared.
““Down! Here!” Tugging at the omega’s collar she guides him to rest down over the padding. The omega follows, a bit hesitant.
As Sherlock began his examination of the papers, the magnate filled the detective’s glass to the brim. Cold water already condensing the jug surface and shortly after the glass one too.
Sherlock stopped breathing.
--+O+--
Looking at her phone, Mrs. Adler stands up. “Well, I really need to go now. I have a meeting and I’m already a bit late. I’ll leave Sherlock in your care.” Before walking out of the door she stops to look at her pet with a devious smile. “Be a good puppy Sherlock.” And looking back at Mary again, she adds: “See you soon Mrs. Morstan.”
At the beginning of the frankly negligible intrusion the omega startles, letting out a prolonged and pitiful whimper and tightens  around her digit like a vice.
Struggling with his fastened collar, which prevents him from straining his neck too much, the omega sends quick, uneasy glances toward the shorter but strong-looking alpha staring at him.
The fingering seems to quickly coax the omega into a new state of careless obedience, and he now takes the meagre imitation of fucking with complete abandonment. His hips undulating with the rhythm of her pumping, timidly seeking to soothe the burning longing inside of him.
She doesn’t like to force things too much in front of the owners; from experience she knows that they usually prefers to be entertained with a bit of a show, so she likes to take her time.
John eyes angrily turned to Magnussen, daring him to say anything else. The man responded with one of his creepy little smirks.
Leaving it there, Mary watches with a satisfied smirk how the walls spasm strenuously in their attempt to push it back out, which instead has the opposite effect,  gravity completing the job and helping sucking the last quarter of inch of the bullet inside. Slowly concealing its sight within the soft flesh closing around it.
_____________________________________
After patting the omega’s inner thigh a couple of times with her left hand, she leaves it there, holding the limb in a firm grip. “Poor sweet thing, luckily you weren’t caught in this state by a random alpha in a shady third rate facility. It would have been a shame to badly ruin such a pretty omega-pussy.”
Leaving the room to go relieve himself with dignity was to forfeit not only the victory, but above all the chance of a rapid closure of the case, bringing the possibly of losing other human lives because of a silly little body function. But John was sure the magnate betted on the second possibility, the one exploiting one of Sherlock’s worst weaknesses: his underestimating of the power of his body needs over his mind wills. In this case meaning enduring, and staying here till he found all the indispensable information, with the result of soiling and disgracing himself in front of Magnussen, and possibly for the rest of the world to see, when they’ll leave. Giving the old creeper abundant fodder for his wanking sessions, since the amount of documents to peruse was planned to be just so burdensome, that it would be impossible for Sherlock to find the valuable clues in time. Especially now that his focus was forcedly diverted elsewhere.
Mrs. Adler notices the subject of her pet’s confused glances as well, and arches one of her perfectly draw eyebrows, amused. “He may be a bit shorter than the average alpha, but he surely isn’t small there. Even for an alpha he’s very thick. I’m impressed,” she says, and adds “however, will a maiden omega like Sherlock be able to take it?”
Rage was gnawing at John, but he tried to quell it down and think of a solution. What he came up with, he didn’t like, but they didn’t have much time, and it seemed the only viable “solution” at present, or at least the lesser evil.
Sherlock ignored him, but, paler and paler every passing seconds, continued gingerly drinking.
The omega quivers, laying with his thighs forcedly splayed open and framing the sides of his own torso. The head of his tiny erect cocklet almost poking him in the underbelly, his cunt and pink pucker completely exposed, clenching and unclenching around nothing. Restless.
In the meantime, John continues his unrelenting reaming with slow but sure progresses, gyrating his hip and grinding his glands against the omega’s convulsing inner walls. Steadily working on stretching the narrow passage with small movements and single-minded purpose. He is preparing the subdued omega to be taken deeply and knotted without damage, so as to pump his belly full of his semen.
As he felt Sherlock become fully hard, he stopped his stroking, but rested his hand over the detective thigh, ready to resume his work as soon as necessary.  Sherlock was visibly struggling to concentrate, face aflame, but carried on with his research, “interrupted” every so often by John’s ministrations every time his erection started to subside.
When she comes back, the scene she finds makes her brows jump to her scalp, both in surprise and amusement.
Bottle in hand, John returned to sit at the table, and with a grimace of fake courtesy, poured the remaining water in both his and Magnussen’s glass, mindful to try to don’t do too much splashing noises. By the intrigued expression the magnate already wore on his face, he clearly already foreseen what John meant to do, and seemed not planning to stop him.
Not leaving too much time for the omega to think about it, the alpha re-attempts to sink himself in, but this time he is hampered by the omega futilely yanking at his restraints in a panic induced frenzy. Whimpering softly, the omega wiggles his pelvis left and right, trying to avoid the intrusion.
He goes to realign himself, this time the very tip of his cock succeeds in catching on the now more pliant muscles, and with a powerful short shove he is able to force part of the head inside its sweet unmoulded prey. He continues with another implacable thrust, and finally manages to drive the full head into soft, virgin heat. With great effort, the bulky flare of his glands breach through the strained muscles, stretching the omega’s thin slit around their passing bulk. Finally getting in, the widest part of the corona pops completely inside with a filthy squelch.
Mary know the tastes of her customers and she caters to them even in the breeding rooms’ look. It’s the small things like these that make the difference between a reputable breeding center and a first class one. Her customers don’t seek only good pedigree studs for their pets, they pay extra for the vanity of luxury services all around.
Turning to an unfazed Mrs. Adler, Mary explains, “I’ll add a couple more in his behind, as well. I do this because John is an enthusiastic silly pup and doesn’t make the distinction between the two. When he is satisfied with a well filled pussy, he likes to switch it up. He just wants to be sure to breed the omegas well and good. That silly boy!”
The morning continued with pleasant chattering between them, and with Sherlock-fucking-Holmes-eating-all-his-sodding-breakfast.
Now Mary can see the outset of the inflating knot assaulting the omega’s entrance and slipping in after a couple of energetic attempts, enabling the alpha to bury himself fully with a satisfied grunt. An eager pistoning begins immediately. John doesn’t spare himself, pulling out to the very tip and sinking fully back in with obvious enthusiasm.
“Oh! An unexpected but interesting twist!” Magnussen watched them trilled.
Mrs. Adler perks up and squint to see better. “Suppositories?!”
“Remember Mr. Holmes, no hands under the table,” Magnussen reminded to the detective.
As it was immediately clear that Sherlock was going to ignore it, Magnussen reproached him with a sly smile. “Don’t be rude. I might be offended by it and decide I no longer want to let you play with my toys.”
“All right, you’re now all lubed up and ready,” Mary says, as she gives the omega a couple final thrusts. Then she pulls her finger out and shuffles to the side, sitting next to the omega’s slim hips.
His hips busy in lazy and light grinding motions, John is knotted again to the omega, but what surprises her is to see him intent in gentling the omega by lapping his face with tender care, long wet stripes crossing from jaw to cheekbones. Exhausted— the omega lays closed-eyed and boneless under him, all the past energy and spirit drained by the alpha’s unrestrained lust, leaving behind in its wake only worn out and compliant flesh. The only clue that he isn’t passed out being the minute trembling of his eyelashes and the slight furrowing of his eyebrows.
The omega is silent, but his hips are free and rolling a bit in a slow rhythm of unaware yearning, as if trying to unconsciously attract the attention of the unfamiliar alpha’s sitting about eight feet from him.
Emptied bottle placed within close reach on the table, John’s hands were now free to wander to Sherlock’s trousers button, he hesitated an instant before proceeding.
Even though there isn’t slick dripping down his thighs yet, it is quite obvious that the presenting heat has already set in considerably. The clammy appearance of his skin, and the already quite rigid state of the little cocklet hanging between his thighs, are all dead giveaways of his state. Plus, there is the puffy, flushed mound of his minute sex peeking from behind with its still discrete, thin slash of bright cerise flesh splitting it in half— a promise for alphas of the lusty conquest still concealed within its soft folds.
--+O+--
As the omega is already beginning to sober, Mary proceeds to perform the same operations as before, this time however her focus switches a little below, her fingers move to brush over the omega’s pink anus. It tightens even more under the brief contact.
Wrong.
Exploring the soft inner walls, she starts to bear down with her finger, slowly but firmly; pushing till half of it is inside the hot and silky opening, internal muscles rippling and squeezing around its touch.
Picking up the first suppository, she warms it in her hand for a moment until a thin sheen of slippery lube start to melt and coat it. Ignoring the resumed whimpers of the now still omega, she briefly teases his slit with the tip, then, with a quick push, shoves it in, stopping just shy of burying all of it inside. The omega cries out while the small object easily parts the clenched muscles and nestles within.
Kudos and comments are very welcomed.
He snaps his strong hips back, pulling out his cock till only half the head is resting inside, and with another merciless push he re-sinks inside, claiming another scarce inch of silky pleasure more. Again, and again, and again. Rhythm building up as he spears himself deeper and deeper, every thrust highlighted by the wet sounds of lubed friction and the omega’s pitiful whimpers.
_____________________________________
The second part of the remark confirmed his suspicions about Magnussen real aim in this little game of his. It was all planned to force Sherlock to humiliate himself in front of the magnate, set him up to be submitted and betrayed by his own “transport”.
“Sherlock, show belly!” The omega watches across the room towards his mistress, nervous, but gingerly obeying once she give a single nod for him to comply.
John lets out a low, possessive rumble, but doesn’t abandon his place.
(See the end of the chapter for
Trembling a little himself from the nervousness , John reached his right hand across, toward Sherlock’s lap, hoping that Magnussen didn’t plan to add new stupid rules for him too.
The omega lets out a surprised yelp and jolts at the short contact with his tender core. Understanding dawning in his eyes, now completely sobered and as big as saucers, they quickly rush down to glue themselves to the huge cock trying to pierce him—his breath already starting to go erratic.
John was careful to tantalize but not induce the orgasm. Sherlock was already stifling all sort of whines.
After all, John is her favorite, handy and loyal, and he brings in a lot of money, so it’s only right to spoil him sometimes.  An omega all for himself would be a befitting gift.
Ignoring the teasing, John made Sherlock open his legs a little more, and snaked his hand lower, inside the front of Sherlock’s pants, wriggling it, till with some effort, he was able to lift the testes and push his fingers behind them.
Resolution of the case in hand, they stood and made to leave without a single glance to Magnussen, but before they could make to the door he said: “Still stand on my opinion over the English.”
A last strenuous thrust enables the alpha to sheathe himself to the very hilt with a powerful roar of triumph, knot slipping completely inside and concluding his expansion there. The omega’s cunt squeezing around the base and doing its part in locking them together. The omega comes immediately with a sequence of silent shudders, his womb beginning to milk the alpha’s knot right away. For at least half an hour it’ll be busy with squeezing and twitching around the full length invading it, periodically taking in pulse after pulse of warm alpha’s seed, every one of its little inner crevices flooded full and claimed.
And the fact that he left the hospital issued iron crutch with a walking stick meant that he had now given up on that physical deficit, that he was no longer trying to fight that psychosomatic disease.
-Oh... A boyfriend then? -asked again John.
Greg smiled and nodded.
He only come to himself when he heard the noise of the front door closing downstairs.
-I guarantee for him Boss... You trust me, right? - He added the next moment.
The rest of the day was spent taking a long walk through Regent's Park, between families with children returning from the zoo not far away and professionals in shorts and white T-shirts taking advantage of the weekend to stretch their legs partially atrophied by the office work, where John did not miss an opportunity to take pictures of Emma, in all possible poses and situations.
-How about we check our champ? - he asked her with a smile.
A smile appeared on Greg's face.
Greg smiled and shook his head.
But that didn't stop his hyperactive brain from asking a thousand loathsome questions: who was he with?
-I couldn't sleep last night from the excitement. Do you think it will be possible to see if it is a boy or a girl? - asked Baby Girl lying carefully on the couch.
Hearing his friend's name, Greg wondered how the man had taken the news of the press conference.
Once the door was locked behind the man, John made his way to the kitchen to check that everything was in order and for a few moments toyed with the idea of a last cup of tea before bed, when the voice behind him made him jump.
The detective, then, turned around towards the living room with a little smug smile bending his lips, only to find his four-years-old daughter Hope playing with her toys on the sofa wearing a pair of jean shorts and a pink T-shirt with the words "
John sighed, glanced at the motionless figure turned towards the window, the violin's bow clenched between his fingers, wondering how it was possible to feel so close to a person, to the point that he was sure to know his thoughts and emotions and find themselves the next moment in front of a huge abyss that saw them on opposite sides.
"How can I still believe it Sherlock?" asked John.
-Not now, Mrs. Hudson. I will come and visit you later, I promise- he said trying to reassure her.
Without paying attention to any notification, John selected the list of the last calls and pressed Greg's number, starting the call.
-Please! -said Emma, again turned to Sherlock-Uncle John is terrible with dinosaurs! she added, trying to convince him.
"I'll tell you what I know about the Tardis, and you help me look good with Miss Porter by helping me with my research, ok?" she asked Sherlock.
It was incredible the bond that had formed between John and Hamish.
-John... -he started, not knowing how to continue.
So, I went back home and lied to him, sincerely convinced that it was the right thing to do, for Sherlock and also for me, to finally get rid of that woman-concluded the man.
Sherlock had been wounded by a person he trusted, a petty and disloyal person, but still someone he thought he could trust, and to trigger the betrayal had been the transition from friendship love, at least on Irene's part.
"I didn't want your protection.
-Why are you asking? -
"It must be a big change from your dad's thunderous one."
In fact, maybe I should thank you for saving my life somehow...
On the young Holmes's face clearly transpired how much that speech annoyed him.
-Greg listen to me... Sher…- John said stopping to clear his voice- I'm not asking for him, but for me.
-It was a mental infatuation, not a physical one.
"Wait a minute" Dimmock intruded looking at Molly- Did you know he was alive? -he asked her.
"Why?” asked Sherlock, trying not to look bored.
-You'll never know...-
-I don't think I'm wrong if I assume my brother is missing in this group of friends-
"What did you expect me to do?" he asked her.
-You're not just a guy I met one night at a club, with whom I danced for a couple of hours and decided to spend the night with knowing that I will never see him again.
-I'm going to do my best, I promise- she said.
-Come on, John! You want it, I want it…- Sherlock said before leaning forward to pick up Hamish and place him on his legs, forming a human pyramid. - Even Hamish can't wait to become an older brother! -
John would have done the same if the situation had been reversed and although everyone was convinced Sherlock was a heartless machine, he was the only one who knew the truth.
And he understood that he would have to clarify some things once and for all.
Then the astonishment gave way to pride and love: knowing the man in front of him, there were only two people in the world who knew his real name and learning that secret once again demonstrated the depth of the detective's feelings.
John turned to the Inspector and stared at him for a few moments, reading in his eyes all he needed to know and shook his head.
"I really can't imagine why" John said smiling amused.
Always a practical person, Mycroft has a standard ringtone for every incoming call or texts, always opposed to the thousand different ringtones that distract attention and that in recent years have become a collector's item as well as stamps.
-After the speech, I left... It took me two years and two overdoses to convince me to stop taking drugs for good- eventually added Sherlock.
A hinted smile gave rise to small dimples on the sides of the man's cheeks.
"The feeling is mutual Angelo" he said sincerely.
-Of course, but I would never ask for two hundred pounds for a quickie in an alley-precise Daniel.
Interpreting the meaning hidden behind his question Mycroft allowed himself a slight smile clearly amused.
-Are you sure you can't give me five minutes? I'm sure I know the right methods to make you relax- he said, raising his head a little bit to stroke Mycroft’s neck with the tip of his nose.
-Hey! I didn't expect you at home so soon...- he said going to meet him.
-Enough talking about me. Who's the lucky guy?- John asked her curious.
-Fuck…- John gasped.
-Not really, no.
"What are you doing here?" asked Sherlock, watching her as she sat next to him.
I always knew Baby Girl would never be able to keep the baby, I certainly didn't need your huge intelligence to get there!
-You're my boyfriend! You should be jealous and not give me certain advice!" John retorted frustratedly.
But John Watson had never been a cruel man.
Sherlock let himself go against the back of his chair, his right hand still busy stroking Hamish's back.
Despite the long and exhaustive explanation, however, the two men were far from a point of agreement on which to rebuild their friendship: John had resumed dispensing tea and was slightly more attentive to his brother's basic needs, but continued at the same time to live his life separated from Sherlock finding solace in the routine he had established during the previous three years.
"Thank you, but no thank you," Mycroft replied. "How about we talk business?" he asked, crossing his arms at chest height.
John did not let him finish his speech, bringing a hand to Sherlock’s neck and pulling him closer for a kiss that encapsulated all his passion and those feelings that he still could not express.
-Did you? –
-How's the girl?- John asked right away.
The doctor nodded, moving a finger to the monitor.
"Lestrade," he said, answering the phone.
"He's not my doctor!"  interrupted harshly Sherlock.
Sherlock opened his belt quickly and eagerly, the button and the zipper of John’s slacks following swiftly letting them fall around his ankles, before gripping the boxer band with both hands and, encouraged by the groans coming from John's lips, touched the rigid line of John’s erection with the tip of his nose.
“To be honest, I think they're hiding in the crowd somewhere, to be sure that nothing happens to us and the kids. Not to mention the countless cameras that moved along the way while we were walking” John added pointing to a surveillance camera a few meters away.
Although they had met for a few moments earlier in Scotland Yard's offices, this was the first time they had come face to face in three years.
"John and that annoying fly!" he replied.
But going home meant coming face-to-face with Mycroft and he still didn't feel ready to face his partner.
"But I want to tell you one last thing" she said, stopping next to him.
The little doctor had knocked down the wall he had built around him and earned an important spot in Sherlock's heart.
- The right time will never come.
John stared for a few seconds at his partner still perfect  and handsome face, despite the passing years, a stern look on his face.
He got rid of his fears as he had done just few minutes before with his coat and, dissolving the embrace he had turned to open the door, shuddering when a slight kiss was laid at the base of the neck by two full lips.
He had finally met Emma, having heard so much about her from John and Jack and found her a cunning and interesting little girl, and was impressed with how she managed to attract the attention of the self-proclaimed sociopath number One Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
That question had haunted him for days.
He was really going crazy... All because of the people with the higher intellect which he surrounded himself.
John Watson was a soldier: he knew when it was worth throwing himself into the crossfire and doing everything possible to save what at first glance would seem a deathly situation, even at the cost of his own life.
John lips were warm and slightly chapped, and Sherlock couldn’t resist to gently tease them with the tip of his tongue, while a hand cupped John’s cheek to prevent him from moving.
Lestrade sighed.
Emma shook her head.
Only then did he make his way to the kitchen, where he was greeted by a pleasant smell of food, which made him smile.
Since interrupting the phone call with Greg that morning, he had turned off his cell phone, well aware that Sherlock would storm his number with texts to get his attention and force him to talk.
To hear his name, John annulled the murmur that had developed in the waiting room and focused exclusively on small television waiting for the answer.
Still, that ghost moved confidently, amid disbelieving and petrified agents, clearly headed for his office; for an instant Greg thought about the gun he stored in his desk drawer, but he was not fast enough.
He turned and watched the main street, people rushing into shops or leaving the restaurants, tourists taking pictures next to the golden lions and shook his head, feeling paranoid.
"R-really?" he asked.
Sally laid her gaze on the man sitting in front of her and after a few moments exhaled.
The guilt that he carried inside for not being with her in the last moments of her life still burned even though years had passed and John was convinced that that pain would never fade completely.
-I've always wondered what is hidden under all those layers of wool and cotton. After all, there must be a reason why they call him "Three Continents John Watson”-she replied.
"Don't you have a car?" the boy asked.
Besides, we don't talk... we don’t talk about you, dear-she told him slightly embarrassed.
But there was something different about the detective's voice: it came to the ear amplified, almost distorted, and John just needed to enter the waiting room to understand that it came from the small television installed in the top corner of the wall.
John licked Sherlock’s neck with his tongue, leaving some red marks behind him with his lips and teeth, making even more evident his desire to show the whole world that that wonderful and perfect man was His, lingering on the point behind the ear where he clearly felt the Sherlock’s scent, closing his lips around the earlobe and biting him almost forcefully when Sherlock's body arched beneath his making their erections collide, before laying his forehead against Sherlock’s right shoulder.
He is very reluctant to talk about what happened with us, he is still very ashamed of it, so I do not think Sherlock has been informed about it.
"We have to decide what you will wear!" she said, then with a firm expression, began to discard the choices that she considered unsuitable or definitely old-fashioned, allowing him to put only a few suggestions or complaints.
Sherlock would never forgive me if I did otherwise" the woman said in a calm voice.
-That's a good idea. In that case, however, I would recommend closing the evening early: from what I have heard taking care of a child can be demanding.
-Not much.
Come to the diner one of these days, maybe we can find a way to cheer you up- he said before turning his back on the couple and moving away towards the police tape that fenced the area.
John shrugged.
"He can't come in" he said.
-Hello Doc! - he said, greeting John and stepping aside to let them in.
And it was so obvious... Oh come on! -she almost said it was not even worth it to talk about it.
From the very first moment their eyes met, John had been sucked into a vortex that had constantly endangered him, but had brought him back to life, giving him a purpose again since his time in the Army.
-But now that you're back, I'm finally going to be replaced.
After all, Mrs. Hudson and Lestrade had listened to him, and they were as involved as John, so he was certain that finally John would listen to him.
It has been a long and painful journey, but if it was the only way to get here with you then I would do it again- Sherlock said, slightly embarrassed by the husky tone of his voice and the clear sentiment in it.
Would he pretend nothing happened or would he try to reopen the debate and convince him to come home?
), until his mother took a deep breath.
John found himself, despite himself, agreeing with the man and nodded.
John smiled and nodded once again.
That morning, when he arrived at work, he had shown himself affable with everyone, showing off his friendly smile and managing to exchange a few words with  Stephanie, the  receptionist, and promising her that they would find the time for a coffee break  together, before locking themselves in his office.
-Thank you! I always try to make a good impression on a first date-commented John.
-Sherlock! -
Molly confirmed that he died of a heart attack and that the head wound was inflicted when he was already dead.
"Have you had sex yet?" he asked before taking a new sip.
"Do you think your mother and I never had any problems?" he asked.
You don't get a nickname like yours spending the night playing charades -Sherlock commented, causing the other to smile amused - But that doesn't change the fact that in the end you chose me... Didn't you? -he asked John the next moment, worried that his great speech might backfire.
-How long have you been together? - he asked again, though the idea annoyed him.
For his part, John just wanted to get back out on the porch and continue his work before the paint cooled down, without having to deal with a complicated talk that would bring with it shouts and accusations.
John frowned.
-You're horrible! - John scolded him.
Despite his good intentions, John had spent most of the previous night staring at the ceiling, thinking about the lyrics of the song Sherlock had sent him.
Being rejected by one of his informants wasn't something that happened to him every day.
The detective remained silent for a few moments, unconsciously stroking Hamish's back, tidying his thoughts and searching for the appropriate words to deal with that conversation that he felt was unpleasant but necessary.
Takes deep breaths, John- she said to him, catching his gaze, and working hard to make the man not let himself fell into a panic attack.
Before the visits began, he had made a quick phone call to Mrs. Hudson to make sure that she was okay and that nothing had happened during his absence.
Being alive at the end of that operation was just a plus.
Baby Girl licked her lower lip with the tip of her tongue, before taking a deep breath.
In the living room, silence fell for a few moments before the sweet notes of the violin, again in the hands of its rightful owner, rang out in the room, giving the two men the feeling that, although the road was still long, everything would return to normal.
"What would you do if I had done to Sherlock back then what you did today?" Greg asked again but did not give him time to answer before continuing. -He was a junkie, he lived on the street... What would you have done if he had asked me for help, with the same injuries as Daniel, and I had sent him back on his way? -
-Did you know him? -
Attack is the best form of defense... He couldn't explain it better.
For a moment John was speechless, in disbelief at discovering that Sherlock,
It had been an attempt, that stealthy behavior did not seem typical of his former roommate, so he had little hope that the woman in front of him could give him any answers, so he was astonished when the woman nodded.
Emma focused on the menu for a few moments but, when the waiter was again gone with their orders, she stared at John and watched him for a few minutes.
Driven by his instincts, Sherlock decided to take a risk.
"It didn't mean anything, how many times do I have to tell you?" he said.
You look like you're going to faint any minute- Greg said.
Yet many things had changed in the last few days: since meeting Boss and Baby Girl, for some strange reason, Sherlock had become affectionate, and eager to show his feelings, his own need for love and also protection (  even though Sherlock would torn him to pieces with a few words just for thinking such a thing.)
-I couldn't have said it better.
Before turning to Greg and the other officers, John looked at Sherlock and flashed him a smile as he looked at the detective's hot face; it was an incredible feeling to know that no one else besides him was capable of provoking those reactions in Sherlock Holmes.
"I’m going out" John said, as he made his way to the peg near the door.
-But he's going to be here-
-To prevent the family from implementing the plan to have an abortion, she left home and started living on the street.
-What do we do now? - she asked John.
Sherlock assessed his options, considering the benefits of the friendship between him and John, the staple of his existence made of deductions, cups of tea, outbursts of anger at the fault of human remains in the refrigerator and the absolute certainty that the other would always be there if he needed help.
-I don't think that's a good idea at the moment; when he called me this morning...-
Sherlock smiled back and looked up at the woman: she had changed too in the eighteen months he had been away.
Sherlock stared at him intently for a long moment before nodding.
-Don't you realize you can't stay out of it?
Moreover, everyone who knew him would never write “
With quick gestures, John pulled a portable pressure-measuring device, a stethoscope and a light out of his jacket's pockets, leading Sherlock to wonder how he didn't notice anything outside from normal in the doctor's appearance... as usual, John had managed to amaze him.
Home where my thought's escaping
Luckily, despite the fact that three days had passed, Sherlock had not let himself to be caught up in the boredom that inevitably followed their cases, focusing his attention on Hamish and experimenting with baby food: what foods were most appreciated and which it received, from the first taste, a total rejection.
"So, what do you think?" asked Greg, placing the notepad in his trench coat pocket.
Sherlock realized that there was something that did not convince John by his expression.
-I told you that night. You just needed to say a word and I would have disappeared.
An incredulous expression appeared on John's face.
-As I told you this morning in your apartment, I heard a lot about you- Lady Violet began.
Who knew of your fake death? -Greg asked.
"I think I can make it" the other one answered.
-This isn't the first time you've declared your feelings for me, despite your self-proclaimed sociopathy.
-I could get an ultrasound machine so we'd take the exam at our house.
Gregory had stared at him in silence for a few moments, unsure of what to answer until he had moved his hand from those of his partner and nodded slowly.
Emma dropped it into the donation box next to the skeleton and smiled, clearly satisfied with herself.
"Wait!" he said, quickly scribbling his mobile number on a blank sheet of his notepad, then tearing it up and giving it to the boy.
-I'm a doctor, Greg.
"You wouldn't be the first or the last man to make wonderful declarations of love after an orgasm" he said.
-You invited him to dinner. Do you mean a real date and not a simple dinner? – he asked him to be sure he understood well.
-The second time I was in college, her name was Susan, and I really thought she was the one.
____________________________
This time it was Sherlock's turn to sigh resigned, meeting the doctor's ocean-blue eyes and lacing an arm around the man's waist.
In fact, he will probably be as disbelieving as I was first, then of course he will get furious and I sincerely hope he punches you for me too, but be prepared because then there will be rejection... I wouldn't be surprised if he decided not to speak to you again" he said.
John’s thick fingers glided along the smooth skin of Sherlock's erection, brushing it distractedly and discovering it damp with precome, then overtaking the brown bush to caress the delicate skin that protected Sherlock's entrance, applying a slight pressure that led Sherlock to bite his lower lip and huff a groan.
Almost summoned by his thoughts, the downstairs door opened and, from the brief conversation that Sherlock heard, the man understood that the British Government had come to meet his nephew.
"No, I don't think he'll be back anytime soon" he said.
I know there will be no shortage of teases and jokes between you and Mycroft, but I expect you to behave in the best possible way... In part, you owe me, since it's your first visit to the Mansion in three years.
Entering the kitchen, John fill the kettle and remained silent for a few moments, his shoulders turned to the living room, as if he wanted to forget Sherlock’s presence in the apartment.
__________________________
"Sherlock and Mycroft have the same cheekbones" Greg said.
-A simple man who is becoming more and more interesting every passing minute...-
-I promise this is the only time I'm going to use you for an experiment, but it was necessary to get John home.
-I'm sorry I didn't come as usual last week, but it was a crazy week.
Sherlock swallowed confused: were they really talking about the same person?
“Why him?" he asked despite himself.
-Or visit the Chinese Wall- added John, clearly amused.
After taking a quick look at the blog post, half done, and aware that Sherlock would not help with the writing of it, John saved the document and closed the laptop, placing it on the coffee table before sitting more comfortably on the couch.
The detective remained silent, supporting his friend's gaze and seemed to be about to say something, but John prevented him, turning his back, the scarf still clenched between his fingers.
-I doubt it.
John and Boss were engaged in conversation until they finally stopped at a door and, in an Indian row, one after the other, entered a room that had once clearly been an office.
And try to have fun-Greg added at the end.
"Every time I was with Irene, every time that I orgasmed, I said your name...-explained.
"Do you want to come in?" he heard Sherlock ask to his mother.
Letting his head go against the back of the seat, Mycroft tried to control the frantic beats of his heart...
"It wasn't Mycroft" Greg said, out loud, so the doctor could hear him.
Sherlock nodded in silence.
He jumped off a roof and I tried to survive for three years since his disappearance; and now all I can think about is that I wasted three years of my life destroying myself for a person who was around the world solving the biggest puzzle of his life, without even giving a thought to what he had left behind...
He had taken the merits of all his successes and, in a sense, it was right that he should also take responsibilities.
Next to the basket, on the couch, was a navy-blue bag.
-Don't play dummy, it’s never been one of your best talents... At least not with me-Greg scolded him.
Those words were the final confirmation to the suspicion that had tormented Sherlock throughout the medical examination.
John open his mouth to speak but saw clearly that the man had not yet finished.
"You must be Greg's boyfriend" he said, his voice heavy with sleep.
-Sherlock...-
-So that's what you do in your spare time... - murmured Jack, taking the piss at him-Never tried something quieter, like chess? -
John let out an exasperated sigh and opened the right pocket of his jacket, pulling out the scarf and showing it to the detective.
Although Daniel had continued to tease him with mischievous jokes and teases, they had lost much of their malice as days goes by, becoming a private joke between them.
Inside, there was only a white card with three words written on it.
-Just because I let him... We are committed to testing the theory of Archimedes-replied the detective, removing a damp curl from his forehead.
"It was really fucked up Greg!" said John, raising his voice slightly.  -Especially today... - he added after a moment trying to control himself.
The matrix created by the streets of Chinatown had the peculiarity of always converging in the heart of the small neighborhood, in front of the red arches and passing by the tourists main attraction and the golden lions that stood on the small square, thus preventing even the most distracted tourists from getting lost.
Finally, before he showed up at Baker Street, he had checked John's movements, making sure that the man was safe and sound, and that there was someone with him to help him get through that situation.
But there was something that made no sense in what Mycroft had told him and when he returned to look at the man, he found him waiting for the question he knew would come any time.
-Komodo Dragons.
This Web Page was Built with PageBreeze
Sherlock smiled, annulling with a slight movement of his head the distance between them to capture John's lips for a new passionate kiss; their lips slanting together lazily, while Sherlock’s body pressed against John’s trying to forget the sad thoughts that had surprised him a few moments before and focusing his full attention on his lover, cataloguing every little sigh or moan that his lips could snatch from Sherlock.
Go ahead.
"When?" he asked.
"I'd spend hours looking at you, cataloguing every little groan or shudder of yours" Sherlock whispered, looking up at John's face.
Following his example, John leaned closer to the center of the table, bringing their faces within walking distance of each other.
"I don't think so" John said, shaking his head slightly.
I'm sure there's an explanation for their romance-commented Molly.
-No, not that I remember, no. Luckily there’s Uncle Greg taking care of these details, isn't it, Hamish? -
-The TV. I could be more specific, but I'm sure you'd forget the information immediately- John replied without turning around.
For here you are, standing there, loving me
John nodded slowly.
This time John shook his head.
-Do you know what the best part of the whole night is?- John asked him, trying to meet his gaze.
-Mh…- Greg simply said.
"Ah, Jack, this is low even for you” John said.
"Hey, a man is still allowed to dream, isn't he?" retorted Greg, sinking his hands into the pockets of his pants.
"Molly!"exclaimed Sherlock, surprised.
John's gaze was on him, watching him carefully, noting his black trousers, purple shirt (chosen for the occasion as it had always been one of John ‘s favorite) and a black jacket, before meeting his gaze and giving him a small smile.
Boss smiled and nodded, silencing with that gesture all the fears that had accompanied the medical examination.
-Do you think we're going to have sex soon? - Sherlock asked taking John by surprise.
Greg shook his head.
"Worse than that?" asked the other man unconvinced.
I would have let her believe in flying pigs if it helped her! - John yelled, pointing a finger at the detective.
Tommy stared at the two men for a few seconds before focusing on the detective again.
A dry expression instantly appeared on Sherlock's face as his body moved away slightly from John's.
That's why, in the midst of an
Had the time flown so fast?
Sherlock stared at him for a few seconds, clearly pissed for the man's words, deciding that he had wasted too much time being kind to Michael.
"Then starts to think about something interesting to do together on Saturday" Jack said, smiling.
John sneered.
-What happened brought us here together.
It wasn't the first time the detective had been showing off his knowledge of languages, but each time it was a pleasure: to hear the way Sherlock's low, vibrant voice modulated around the different rhythms of French, Spanish or in this case Italian always left John breathless and excited.
The doctor raised his head and thus met the ice-blue gaze of the other man, staring at him for a few moments in silence, before licking his lower lip unconsciously.
Perhaps being a father was not so difficult, Sherlock thought again holding Hamish against his chest, his gaze once again lost out of the window where, in the brief interlude, a car that he had seen too many times had appeared.
-When did you decide to take care of my network of informants? - asked Sherlock again.
On her ears and around her neck she wore a pair of earrings and a pendant (both diamonds).
Sherlock let a sigh slip at that unexpected gesture of affection, so typically John, who had to resist with all his might the desire to let go and take possession of the man's lips again, to make sure that their taste, their softness had not changed in those days.
John moved his head back on the black-haired man’s shoulder and gave him a small kiss on his neck, smiling at Sherlock after catching his eye.
Sherlock let a slightly amused smile curve his perfectly drawn lips.
“It seems that I’m interrupting a picnic... And here I thought you all came to march for the rights of the community" said a rumbling voice that John will recognize everywhere.
A chill of pleasure run down the detective's back, an automatic reaction that only John's compliments could provoke; trying to maintain control over his own body, Sherlock merely hinted a smile and brought a hand closer to the center of the table in the hope that John would mimic his action soon.
-Too formal-refused Sherlock.
He had just passed the sliding doors of the clinic when three journalists moved almost in unison towards him, with smartphones pointed at him for a statement on the return of the "great" Sherlock Holmes.
The man frowned and made to reply, but at that moment the noise of the creaking steps announced John's arrival and soon after the man's blonde head peeped into the stairwell.
- Dr. Watson discovered a side of himself that he wasn't fully aware of when you two lived together...
John nodded slowly, his gaze fixed on the child, while an idea formed slowly in his head.
Once he walked down the hall and entered the kitchen, John turned to Mycroft and carefully passed Hamish to the man so he had his hands free during tea preparation; over the next few minutes, as John huddled with the kettle and cups , Mycroft sat around the table and, after finding a comfortable position for himself and Hamish, looked for a way to entertain the child, but Hamish seemed terribly fascinated by his dark red tie trying with his uncoordinated movements to grab it.
Molly remained silent, observing father and son together before smiling.
A man like John, so attached to all those social platitudes that Sherlock had never paid attention to, had shown his allegiance to Sherlock in life and even death, until the detective returned from the "world of the dead."
-I... I didn't make it.
-I'm not going to tell you that it's going to be over soon, and everything's going to get better.
-I know... I remember our conversation well- commented John, fixing his breakfast plate on the coffee table and staring at his partner.
That was anything but a roast beef, Sarah.
-What am I supposed to do in the meantime? Lock myself in the flat and pretend everything's okay? -
Sherlock shrugged.
When John came to me to tell me that Irene had entered a witness protection program in America, I could read the lies clearly on his face, that would be enough to find out the truth.
A smug smile was stretching Sherlock's full lips as he realized that his partner had finally noticed that "little and unusual" detail, leading John to smile in turn.
"This is London, one of the things I love besides my violin, my work and...” said leaving the sentence unfinished, still unable to give voice to his feelings.
It was during that short walk that he had begun to think about what had happened not even an hour ago: Sherlock had asked him out on a date.
So, he had let him go and kept playing until the noise of the door had come up to him from the lower floor over the sound of the music.
-You know-
"Were you even listen to what I was telling you?” Sherlock asked him trying to tame the annoyed tone of his voice.
Sherlock’s long legs wraps around John’s hips and a moment later, his arms are around John’s shoulders pulling him closer; John felt his breath getting stuck in his throat, his body still to allow them both to adapt to the change, Sherlock's breath wheezing in his ear; moments or hours later Sherlock’s hips jerked upward letting John know that he could finally,
Sherlock nodded.
"Is it still a difficult subject?"  he was asked, from a voice closer than he expected.
-Mh... Okay, it doesn't matter.
He was a policeman, he knew how to handle the pain, but he was helpless in front of the wall of silence that John had built around him and that gigantic phantom he never talked about.
Until Moriarty had put in place the final act of his plan to get rid of Sherlock and the silence had fallen for a very long time.
I was really horrible to you and for a while I seriously considered call Mycroft and tell him of my meeting with Irene so he could track her down.
"Oh, yeah?" he asked, trying to hide the storm that was stirring within him behind a calm voice.
Stomping feet run towards the door excited for the guest arrival as Sherlock returned to hide in plain sight in front of the window standing by the lectern.
John shrugged.
-My dear Gregory, please don't go any further... I know everything- Mycroft interrupted him in an almost solemn tone.
Once again, the idea of Sherlock and Irene hit him in the stomach like a burning blade, blocking his breath for a few seconds.
-You need to rest, my fiancé is abroad on a business trip, I'm almost never home because of work... It's the best solution for everyone-he explained.
Remaining silent, Sherlock moved into John's embrace, allowing the man to sink his face into his chest, his right-hand fingers clenched in the front of his shirt, fastening his arms around the doctor's hips, his chin on in John’s blond hair.
Only once was Sherlock framed in a photo, forced to reach Emma at the last moment at her request.
The smoke of the cigarette mingled with the cold breath coming out of his lips.
At last, Sherlock opened his eyes and met John's gaze, trying to ignore the increase of his heartbeats at the sight of the man: in those clothes John was spectacular, even more handsome than in his own mental projection.
The waiter brought them the menus and took care to list the specials of the day, then took the order for the wine and moved quickly away without proposing to arrange a candle to make the atmosphere more romantic.
"For healing Uncle John-replied Emma, again engaged with her own books.
-Okay, let’s do this... Is Sherlock really your name? -he asked.
I am not saying this out of sudden benevolence or kindness of heart, I’m saying this just for Hamish's sake.
"We can talk about it" he replied.
I thought my love for you was obvious, that you knew how much I love you and how much I respect you... That I would never do to you what my wife did to me...
-Anyone would be...- John commented, taking a sip from his cup.
Shortly before, he had left Hamish with Mrs. Hudson, without making too many recommendations and receiving in return the usual reassurances combined with the wish to enjoy the evening.
John's jaw hardened to those words, and for a moment Sherlock believed that a new shower of punches would hit him.
-Are you on duty Sal? - he then asked Sally looking for her around the room.
“You stupid idiot! How can I be happy without you?"
I really hate you, so much
-No, she...
The detective flashed a smile and gave him a quick kiss on his lips.
Sherlock pressed his lips against one other.
"There are so many things you don't know" she said.
He had spent most of those ten days away from home, staying at work late and not coming home both Monday night and Tuesday, letting himself be enveloped by his routine, but it would have been impossible for him not to notice the similarities between Sherlock and the man he had slept with Monday night.
- How come an attractive man full of interests like you is still single? – John asked him bringing a new piece to his mouth without taking his eyes off the face of the detective.
The certainty of being home.
Let's go.
"It was the only way!" snapped Sherlock slightly angry.
Cautiously, as if he were afraid there was explosives inside the basket, Sherlock approached the couch and when he was a step away, he saw him: a red face, congested with tears, moved inside, waving his small fists in the air.
"I'd love to join you" he said.
But I could offer you a cover, if you want...-added later.
-Tommy this is Sherlock Holmes. He works with Scotland Yard.
Until the end of time
John's fingers moved lightly around Sherlock’s entrance, gently pressing and testing its resistance, while capturing Sherlock's lower lip and gently sucking it, trying to distract the detective from that painful passage.
Molly sighed and shook her head.
"Would you like to keep our relationship a secret?" asked Sherlock, his long fingers tight around John's waist.
-I know how much you hate asking your brother for favors.
In this life
He had missed it and for a moment wondered what had happened to his scientific equipment, and then immediately put the thought away.
-So, can I go back to work?- Daniel asked, preventing him from answering.
There was a brief moment of silence, and when the detective spoke again, his voice was closer and slightly lower, in that tone of voice that always provoked unexpected reactions in John.
Hamish needs you almost as much as you need him" said Molly, fascinated by the scene in front of her.
Even in my blind adoration for you, I realized that she was different- Molly couldn't help but ask him.
He stretched and approached the window, watching the sky slightly covered with gray clouds and the crowd mingling in the streets of Marylbone.
-Right... What newborn doesn't need its mother? -asked caustic John.
-I told you, I must have some aces up my sleeves.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, plainly annoyed.
-I'm sorry Mrs. Hudson, I was a little rude- apologized Sherlock.
The connection had not been immediate, but it had become obvious when Greg moved into the new apartment in Marylbone, clearly above his economic possibilities, and posh enough to fit into Mycroft’s tastes.
"You said it yourself: there's nothing I can offer to a person with a superior intellect" John replied in a matter-of-fact voice.
The last sentence caused a shiver down Jack's back, bringing to mind an unpleasant past not too far away.
He recalled the comment that Mycroft had let himself get away the day before and looked around in the bathroom, finding what he was looking for in a cabinet above the toilet.
-Arrived in London, you came out, with various homosexual experiences, but an alcoholic night with Miss Morstan resulted in Emma, scaring you to death initially, but then when it became clear that Miss Morstan would keep the baby, you said yourself that it could be the only chance to have children, not to mention that Emma would silence your parents' complaints about your life choices and your friends- Sherlock quickly deduced.
Greg's face stiffened slightly to those words, leading him to lay the plate on his lap and take a generous sip from his own glass of wine.
"I'm sorry I haven't come to see you lately, but I've been busy" John said, clearly seeing his mother's expression in response to those words.
"Yes, but it's a little flashy and I thought I'd never be able to find parking in central London, so...-said leaving the sentence in half.
Sherlock's hands, so far against the door, moved instantly and moved until one was placed in the doctor's thick blonde hair and the other against his side, getting the two bodies closer.
Before leaving, Anthea had glanced at Hamish and smiled, as if she wanted to give her approval.
John frowned: clearly, he did not expect that question.
Returning to the present, he noticed that his feet had brought him to Barts Hospital.
He had looked up at his father's face and for an instant the two men had stared at each other in silence, until Mr. Watson had taken a long breath.
"It’s nice to solve a case without being called idiots every five seconds" he said.
-Just fun? -
John clenched his fists and closed his eyes for a moment, cursing the detective for his intelligence and his brilliant and perfect deductions.
"Tonight I'll sing my songs again
- Cute, but that's not enough, and then if I'm not mistaken, you often go there.
He had tried to overcome his mistrust and tried to know the man for John's sake, although it did not please him at all, but now Sherlock had become once again the villain and he was certain that Jack would take advantage of it to get John back to his bed.
Leaning closer to Sherlock, John approached the man’s right ear and, continuing to stroke the black curls at the base of his neck, disclosed his lips and tickled Sherlock’s earlobe with his breath, making chills run down Sherlock’s back.
-Why didn't you choose "Angelo's”? - he asked confused.
-What the fuck?-
Once again Hamish was placed in the baby carrier against his father's chest, but this time his face was facing outwards so as not to miss anything that was going on around him; the child wore a blue coat that made him look plump and clumsy, his black hair was covered with a midnight blue wool hat and his feet were covered with a pair of  black baby sneakers.
'Cause I'm gonna love you girl
The next moment Angelo seemed to gather his wits and approached the table.
"Very good, thank you. I'm moved by your interest," said the other.
For a moment he tried to convince himself that loneliness would protect him, as had happened so often in the past, but a voice made its way through his mind.
Silence fell again back inside the car as the SUV entered the motorway that would take them back to London.
Was that a good sign?
Sherlock nodded, walking up the stairs, promptly followed by the doctor, letting the silence drop, until they were safe within the familiar walls of their apartment.
The man stood by the open door and leaned inwards, peering for an instant at the person sitting inside.
I like Emma, she's smart and clever as she showed me from the deal she proposed to me; I also know you and I knew that despite your initial grievances you would end up helping Jack and this would leave me alone at lunch with my mother, Mycroft and Lestrade out of town probably for the whole day.
Settling Hamish against his shoulder, John stretched out his arm and grabbed the detective's hand, tangling their fingers.
You should know better than anyone, that sometimes behind the meanest person hides the most fragile one-
-Go home Sherlock! -
John wouldn't forgive him for that.
Observing the embarrassed smile that framed the detective's lips, John decided to store the photo jealously, being the first unofficial photo taken from the newspapers he had of the detective.
For a moment they remained still in the vestibule; John gave the man time to look around and catalogue as much information as possible about the house where he spent his childhood, and it was only when Mycroft turned to him again that John smiled at him.
Sherlock, slightly more confident, looked up at John, hinting at a snigger.
-Okay. Now, let me explain why I like your name.
-Oh John... My John... My wonderful John...
Even at the cost of spending hours in front of a laptop or phone- Sherlock concluded, his eyes fixed in John's ocean-blue ones confirming his words.
Irene too, like Sherlock, had lost weight since the last time he met her; her black hair had been sacrificed for a platinum blonde nuance that reminded him of Marilyn Monroe and had been cut into a bob that reached her ears; her eyes were hidden by a pair of black sunglasses that Irene didn't seem intent on abandoning at the moment and her lips were painted with the same lipstick John had seen so many years before.
"I've already told you that no one can build the Tardis, unless it's a Time Lord... " retorted Emma.
Impossible.
-You suffered a shock during your last workout at the gym, no later than last night, probably kick boxing, and now you have problems in your left leg, although you are trying in every way not to let it show, favoring the right leg.
-I tried to hold my hand up there for a few minutes, but nothing happened, are you sure you didn't imagine it? - Boss retorted to Baby Girl.
Greg took a deep breath and sank his hands into the pockets of his pants, hoping that that moment would never happen.
Silently the detective lowered his face until he laid his soft lips on the doctor's forehead.
-I'll bring you some menus and drinks right away-
I think by this time he will have already arrived at his destination- Mycroft informed him.
But how to explain what had happened to John?
Even in recent years, with his "
-Then prove it to me.
That was definitely the best idea.
Without even realizing it, John took the few steps that separated him from Sherlock and closed his arms around Sherlock’s waist, hiding his face in the man's broad and straight back.
The inspector shrugged his shoulders, before letting go of a frustrated sigh.
"Things haven't changed much since you and your sister were little" he said, "But it's time for you and this little guy to spend some time alone" he said, stopping next to John.
But he hadn't come to terms with John Watson.
For once, Greg had agreed with his superiors, sharing the decision to exclude the consultancy from the crime scenes or homicide section, to prevent the entire MET from finding itself again implicated in the detective's problems as it happened three years earlier.
-Emma! Shouldn't you be at school? -  he asked her looking at her, his forehead slightly frowned.
But so far nothing like that had happened, so he wasn't doing so badly, was he?
-What's the problem? When I read the text, I thought you had broken up it once and for all-said Jack, taking a bite out of his sandwich.
"How come a fine analyst of the human soul is reduced to hustling?" he asked, trying not to sound too sarcastic.
It was his father who confronted him when his problem with narcotics had become impossible to ignore and John was sure that it was also his father that had texted Sherlock the night of his meeting at Anonymous Addicted.
Emma had looked at him confused.
It wasn't the typical noise of a thief making a break-in.
Almost shunning those words, John sat on the edge of the bed, realizing for the first time the sticky evidence still vaguely evident on his stomach and, recovering his own dressing gown, walked to the door with the frosted glass that connected Sherlock's bedroom to the bathroom.
So rest your weary heart
-For God’s sake John!  I saw you!
-Sherlock…- John chastised him in a whisper before turning to Tommy- Did you know the victim? - he asked to Tommy in an affable tone.
Now stop feeling sorry for yourself or you'll be late for work- Mr. Watson said before focusing again on his breakfast.
John's qualms were not related to Hamish, so Sherlock knew that the child was safe with the doctor, even if only for his affectionate and helpful soul, and Sherlock know he had been right when Mycroft told him that John had fed Hamish before their departure.
-I really don’t understand why it's okay that you had sex with dozens of men, but it's wrong that I slept with Irene.
Harry stared at him for a few moments, noticing the marks plowing around the man's face, the troubled air so unusual for his brother that hadn’t left John for a moment since they had sat on the couch.
-Ah... And how is she? -Sherlock asked him shyly.
-When were you going to tell me, you planned our next 50 years? -asked John clearly pleased, as he began to move back in slow movements with the music.
-Well now that we are done with the boring pleasantries... It’s obvious that you need something, and that this favor is about Emma, otherwise she wouldn't be here...- meddled Sherlock, clearly bored.
"Unless?"repeated John, an arched eyebrow, aware of the sudden change in his companion.
What was the point, in the light of those novelties, of coming back into his life and upsetting him again?
Perhaps I had a miserable youth
When I got home, he kept me busy and focused my attention on something more challenging than my nightmares" - Sherlock concluded.
John chuckled.
-If you add a dog to the plan, I'm in-
John frowned: was he really such a dangerous subject?
Robert Dimmock merely nodded before taking the last steps that separated him from the door and out of the morgue.
Greg stared at him, aware that there was much hidden behind that simple sentence.
With his innate grace, not at all dented by the baby-carrier placed on his chest that hold Hamish, Sherlock turned to Sally and stared at her with a bored look.
I had the idea of Mr. Holmes at Bletchely Park after seeing "The Imitation Game".
For not being present enough, for giving greater importance to Sherlock and his problems without realizing that his wife, the woman with whom he had chosen to spend the rest of his life, had worries that he had never noticed.
John sighed, trying to get rid of the tension that had accumulated on the muscles of his shoulders and neck.
It was just a beautiful dream...
"I made it clear more than once that I don’t want anything to do with your boyfriend and what he did today was unbecoming and mean even for him" the doctor added.
"At least she would learn to make her own bed" she joked "I'll call you tonight! Have fun today!" she added.
A sad smile stretched out Holmes’ lips: no one knew him like Gregory.
-So, I'm supposed to take him to a fast food restaurant? "Is that what you're suggesting?" Sherlock replied clearly upset.
-At the time, John was using amphetamines... he had sudden mood swings: one moment he was the soul of the party and the next he was holed up in a corner staring at the wall in front of him.
-John is a simple man, he doesn't need expensive and elegant restaurants...-started.
Moments later, his cell phone signaled the arrival of a text.
He had not resisted, he had let John hit him repeatedly without even defending himself, because a part of his brain kept telling him that he deserved those blows, that John needed to vent his anger and that he would wait for the end of that shower of fists to speak, to make the doctor see reason.
-Promise me Greg! -repeated John for the umpteenth time.
"We weren't friends, if that's what you’re asking, but for a while we worked the same streets" he said.
So, I'll leave you some time to think about the best solution to my problem- he commented with a small smile.
John smiled slowly, followed immediately by Sherlock who took advantage of their position to caress a cheekbone with his thumb.
As he had imagined, John was in the kitchen wearing his dressing gown and boxers, an amused smile on his lips, but not alone: with one arm fastened around the doctor's hips, a wooden spoon in his other hand, and wearing only a pair of tight black boxers, there was Jack Micheals.
Greg had feared the worst when John's name was inevitably made, but Sherlock had merely humiliated the journalist and given her the "standard" answer on the subject.
You can sift through every corner or sheet of this house and you won't find a trace of that boy's sperm.
A huge puzzle: the first woman to tickle his fancy after years in which his unconditional interest was focused on his work.
That's why Sherlock's abandonment hurt so much...
He glanced at the man lying on the sidewalk who he had once considered another part of himself and heedless of the damage his blows had caused, John felt his jaw muscles contract into a harsh expression,
John shook his head sadly.
And your presence here is a blatant confirmation of that betrayal"
She was there to see him, to reassure herself, to be sure that he was fine and that three years spent killing and catching international criminals had not had any traumatic consequences on him.
I need to spend some time with my kids, and I also want to meet Dr. Watson.
-Three snipers- he finally answered.
In one corner of the ambulance parking lot, John saw the SUV he would recognize everywhere, ready to save him if only he had moved a step in his direction, but John walked down the street.
-Sherlock don't use that mean tone! You should be grateful!
Giving inexperienced eyes the impression that he was suffering for love.
-No, I don’t. Yes... Oh God! -John blurted out just as confused before lowering his gaze on the hand that still held the girl's one.
Trying to overcome the embarrassment, John laid down an empty plate in front of the detective and took the tea cup well aware that the detective was totally unable to prepare a decent tea, so he threw the drink into the sink and filled the cup again adding two teaspoons of sugar, leaving it next to Sherlock.
"I always said your name" Sherlock exclaimed, making him stop next to the hanger.
-I didn't say that.
John's right hand got lost in Sherlock's soft hair, slipping through his locks, ruffling them only because he had dreamed of doing it so many times and now, he had a chance to satisfy that desire.
-What do you want to know? - Jack asked the other leaning toward the table.
-Were you like this in the Army, too?
"Don't let the anger win..." John repeated to himself as he arrived at the door of the apartment, only to take a deep breath.
John flashed him a smile before heading to the door of their apartment.
-Even he felt threatened by you at first-she confessed- Your apartment still has all your belongings, John does not allow anyone to go in your room or sit in your chair, but he has not said your name since your disappearance.
-Sherlock! -reproached Molly before returning to look at her husband- No one else knows that this was a fake suicide, apart from me and I believe Sherlock's brother- she added by casting a glance at the man who nodded.
-He is an avid reader of my colleague's blog and for a few years I received a greeting card at Christmas, but we never met again -Sherlock said, thus closing the topic once and for all.
-Let everyone know I'm alive, of course- he said as if it was obvious.
He took a deep breath, trying to calm down and looked up at  Greg, who  hadn't stopped looking at him for a moment.
Sherlock took another deep breath and put his eyes back on his mother's face, which, despite the affable smile plastered to her lips, was still disheartened by his behavior.
The detective entered their apartment and took off his coat and scarf, abandoning them as usual on the sofa.
No. It was impossible. It was definitely his fault. He must have misunderstood.
Sherlock's nimble fingers stopped on his chest, quickly opening one button after another, showing off more of John's still slightly tanned chest.
He then turned and approached the iPhone dock station next to the fireplace and turned it on, selecting a song, letting the music fill the silence in the room and then returned to his chair and sit without grace.
-It's going to end sooner than you think and then we're going to be home again. Also, you're not alone, me and Emma will protect you.
John would never forgive him.
It's was over after two weeks- he recounted with an amused smile on his lips.
Despite his gaze still on the teacup, the only evidence that John was still there with him, Sherlock felt his mother's attentive eyes on himself, looking for all the necessary information.
“Nope.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Stranger: "You're ready now?" Sherlock smiled down at him. "Because I think you can use a /little/ more of this," he gently caught the small bundle of nerves in between his fingers and stroked it.
“Fuck yes,” John says breathily.
“Ahh, well, we’ll have to explore that another time,” John said as he began to undo the row of buttons on Sherlock’s shirt. Sherlock lay still, letting him push his shirt open to reveal the hard planes of his pale chest.
"Se il capo della famiglia Holmes ha finalmente scelto un compagno. E sembra che si ha."
You: [Mycroft slipped into the sleek black sedan, read the text and smiled.] Tell him that I will be utterly silent. Thank you for taking care of him. -MH
“Excellent. They were such an interesting pairing. Not one you’d expect, but then I suppose sometimes we find the parts of ourselves that are missing in someone thoroughly different….Now Mr. Holmes, you have your personal sigil?”
As if on cue, the witnesses stood up as one and bowed towards the couple still silently embraced and entangled on the bed. John blinked and bowed, too. He hadn’t recalled that being one of Sherlock’s instructions, but it seemed correct. The witnesses made a quiet exit. Sherlock was the last out and he gave his brother a nod and maybe a hint of a smile before closing the door. He then stood there, arms crossed, like some tall, lanky bouncer.
“John, there is something you should know,” Sherlock said sobering for a moment. “Our cousin from Italy, Allessandro. He will be at the wedding along with his mother, Victoire.”
You: John put the newspaper down to cover the bulge in his jeans. "Ok. What sort of distraction? We are not playing Cluedo."
“Thank you,” Sherlock said dryly.
“Are you, erm, ok?” John asked as he smoothed some of his mate’s curls away from his temple.
Mycroft Holmes nodded.
“Yes, but I don’t think that telling him anything will be necessary.”
“Thank you for your help. And for seeing us so quickly,” Sherlock said, shaking his hand.
Somehow this was even more arousing, more intimate, and so much more overwhelming. “Fuck! Sherlock. Ohhhhh…..” He was hard in an instant. He could
“Right. Um…” John said with a swallow.
You: Mycroft helped his sit up slowly. He winced. "I do wish you could leave the running after criminals to others, Gregory," he said softly. He helped Greg walk down the hall to where the car was waiting.
“Don’t go all soft on me now, Myc. And I mean that in more ways than one.” He jerked his hips up meaningfully. Arms half-wrapped around Mycroft’s shoulders, Greg typed out a quick reply to John.
And then Sherlock kneels up and slowly sits down, letting John’s shaft push inside and fill him. When he bottoms out, they let out a breath, a breath that’s been held in for a very long time.
John is about to protest being called a prize, something bid on and won, when Sherlock claims his mouth again as a distraction. Mycroft slowly opens up John’s body in preparation to be taken. He presses his determinedly pushes his long fingers inside, practicing restraint, while Sherlock swallows John’s whimpers.
Greg lifted his head. “Good,” he murmured, and when he kissed him, this time it was slow and tender.
“Good observation,” John said, leaning down to kiss him again. As they kiss, he lets his body down, slowly laying himself out over his omega husband. The skin to skin contact was everything he’d ever dreamed of, though he’d always imagined himself on the bottom. Sherlock was hot and wet and wanton beneath him.
Greg sat up, eyes dark in arousal. “Wish we could just keep going.”
Sherlock reached for another one, tongue sinuously creeping out and licking at it.
You: Mycroft winced on his behalf. "We're almost home. We'll keep the place quiet for you......Of course, I could always find that blindfold we got as a gag gift a while ago." He idly played with the buttons on Greg's chirt
“So perfect,” the vampire whispered.
The vampire carefully placed his sigil against the blood-covered flesh behind John’s ear, ignoring the feeling of the metal burning his own skin and concentrating on holding John still. John jerked a bit as the hot metal seared into his flesh. The pain was hot and sharp and he screwed his eyes shut tightly, but this his military instincts kicked in and he held himself rigid in Sherlock’s arms.
“Yes. Sadly even Mycroft is correct sometimes.”
Finally, Sherlock turned over onto his back. He looked up at John from beneath hooded eyes.
“You don’t own me anymore,” John said, licking his dry lips.
“I won’t argue with you there,” John said with a small amused snort. He took a deep breath and voiced the questions that had danced around his mind since receiving the summons. “But still, isn’t this a bit sudden? And why me? Why now?”
Now free to act on his own, Sherlock tightens his grip, eliciting a surprised grunt from the man above him. His eyebrows rise and he does it again. John throws his head back, eyes screwed tightly shut, and he moans.
, John. I need you to understand.”
“No, you’re not ready for that. Trust me, John.” Sherlock reached between them and unzipped his own slacks so that he could pull out his long hard cock. He pulled down the back of John’s tempting red shorts and pushed his cock into the tight space between John’s thighs.
“With a crime or with wedding planning?” John asked with a smirk, trying to lighten the mood.
“Ah. Annabelle is an old family friend. A friend of Mummy’s actually. I told her that you had been, well, strong armed into volunteering and that I was…concerned. She was happy to give a large – a very large – sum of money to the hospital. Though we did compensate her for half. It seemed only fair at the time.” Mycroft smiles as if this is a normal description of a business transaction.
He grasps Sherlock’s cock firmly and starts to rub, pausing every now and then to run the tip with the pad of his thumb. Sherlock’s eyes squeeze shut and he pushes his hips up into his hand. “That’s it, Sherlock. Push up into my hand. Let go,” John murmurs, focusing on him completely.
Across Holmes Manor, Doctor John Hamish Watson fidgeted as his sister hummed around him like a hyperactive bee. “Harry. Harry! Stop, please…I look fine. More than fine. This tuxedo probably cost more than I make in a month…”
“Of course,” Sherlock muttered.
John frowned. “How would it be bad?”
Suddenly, John finds himself alone as the Holmes brothers rearrange them like some sort of pre-planned ballet. Sherlock prowls behind the loveseat as Mycroft gently arranges John on his knees facing the back and Sherlock. John’s knees sink into the plush cushions and he cranes his neck to look up at Sherlock, who runs a hand through John’s hair in a surprisingly tender caress.
Sherlock manages to not glare at Mycroft.  “You know I would not participate in this ridiculous event.”
“I don’t think I’ve ever chosen fabric for a suit before,” John said.
“Next Wednesday if possible.”
After a few minutes of this, Sherlock paused. “Are you in pain?”
“Yeah well, helping at a wedding usually involves being an usher,” Greg said. “Or directing the caterer. Not watching the couple….bond.” He flushed red and glanced across the room to where Mycroft was conversing in Italian with a few other vampires.
“Mummy, you’re going to make yourself cry,” the older Holmes brother said, gently kissing her on the forehead. He turned towards Sherlock, who was dressed in a bespoke black tuxedo with a deep purple tie and waistcoat. “Besides, doesn’t Sherlock look handsome himself?”
“It appears that the tests making us a match were correct, just not in the way we or our families thought.” John smiled and let his robe fall open revealing his new anatomy.
Sherlock finally looked up at him. “What’s wrong? Your heart rate is elevated.”
Sherlock leans in, lips just barely touching his brother’s ear. “Back off, brother. He’s mine.”
John can’t help it. He looks at Mycroft’s mouth. He swallows and when he raises his eyes, the other man leans forward and gently kisses him.
“For what?” Greg asked, confused. “We just woke up.”
“I couldn’t very well interfere with the charity gala and bid on you without Sherlock’s knowledge. He is my brother.”
“No, there’s no need to do it again.”
“Hey, mate,” he said. “I uh, brought you tea.”
Greg frowned when Mycroft looked away. Clearly something bothered him. He wanted to reach over and smooth away that frown, but resisted and let the vampire speak.
You: "Sooner or later?! Sherlock, you can't - I can't wait." John knelt on the floor next to him and palmed his cock through the silk boxers.
Smirking, Mycroft removed his finger. Greg wouldn’t need much stretching, and really, they both liked it when he was tight. The vampire knelt and spread his thighs. He was hard now and felt the primal urge rising up within him to claim Greg as his own. He wanted to show them the Greg belonged to him. He grabbed Greg’s thighs, ignoring the gasp of pain as his extended claws dug into the tender skin, and pulled Greg up his thighs until his hard cock was pushing up against the human’s waiting hole. Points of red appeared on Greg’s thighs from the vampire’s claws.
“What are you doing?” Sherlock asked, bemused, eyebrows raised.
“But I’ll probably be a bit sore tomorrow.”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “Like you didn’t already know of my whereabouts, Mycroft.”
“Oh. Well, thanks.”
Greg laughed. “Good point.” He took a deep breath, sighing as Mycroft nuzzled and lapped at his neck, teasing both of them with the promise of more later.
“Yes…” Sherlock said slowly. “Tomorrow we will go to the Blood Registry Office. It is time to take further measures to ensure that someone like Alessandro cannot act in such a way towards you. It will….formalize your relationship to me. And to the Holmes family.”
Greg shrugged.
Stranger: "The tea can wait!" Sherlock grinned, triumphantly. He turned the stove off and pulled John into his bedroom, where he shed all of his flatmate's clothes and tossed them to the floor before staring at John's naked form with a smile on his face. "Better right?"
“Hmm, sounds almost like a drug overdose,” John said thoughtfully between bites. “Probably something that affects the basal forebrain-cingulate regions of the brain.”
“Ready?” John ask breathlessly, straining to hold back.
The car dropped them off in front of 221B and John followed the still-silent vampire inside. Once in the sitting room, the vampire began to strip off his clothes without a trace of self-consciousness.
Mycroft’s laugh was low and mirthless. “Oddly, you aren’t far off the mark, if presenting it in a very crude light. No, it was a contract. More like a business agreement. Anna Kirenov was chosen by myself and my mother from an old vampire family in Russia. She was chosen for her blood, her intelligence, and her stature in our world. She was, is….what would have once been described by good society as accomplished.”
Sherlock stood up and approached him. He gently but firmly cupped John’s face between his hands. “Tomorrow probably won’t be pleasant, but it will make you safer around people like my prick of a cousin. Today was…too close.” He looked at him intently, as if willing him to understand.
Greg swallowed and nodded. “Need you so badly.”
Greg smiled back. “Uh, well I’m glad to keep him company.”
Sherlock smiled and ran his hand over John’s bicep. “I think I can forgive you for submitting to your baser nature. As long as I get something to eat as soon as we’re separated.”
“Thank you, John. That was....invigorating. Very enlightening.”
“You don’t, I don’t know, regret not raising him?”
“Well, they - the Holmes’s - aren’t too bad once you get past the pig headedness,” Greg chuckled and then cleared his throat as Mycroft approached him.
“Of course,” John says with a smile. “Well then, I’m entirely at your disposal.”
Sherlock growled softly. “Slut,” he said with a smirk. “Trying to pull more of me into you.” He paused deep inside of John’s body and leaned down to lick his neck and bite him again.
“Yes, exactly. I’m glad you understand my hypothesis.”
“No, but I’m letting you know that I still appreciate that you’re taking care of me.” John pulled back and gently pushed Sherlock away before turning towards the kitchen counter to make some tea.
“Of course. I value our privacy.”
John smiled. “So. We’ll have to tell our families, you know. About the – well, about the change in roles.”
“Are you ready, John?”
“Will I get to meet him?”
At the end of this surprising speech, John swallowed nervously and turned away to explore the kitchen. No food, except for blood bags in the fridge, of course. But a whole lot of lab equipment. “Do you do…experiments here?”
Perhaps taking pity on him, Greg held up a teapot and poured more tea into John’s mug. “Here you go, mate. You look like you could use another cuppa.”
Stranger: Sherlock smiled, the look in John's eyes made him turn his back to show off his arse. "Good. Now stop complaining." He said, before sprawling out on the couch in a way that could only be described as seductive.
You: Then why give it to me? I'm *bored*!
“It will be easier this way,” the vampire said, directing John to lie on his back along the sofa. John nodded, watching him with wide eyes. “Relax, I will not harm you, John Watson.”
“You don’t believe it?”
John slowly leans back, bringing the other man with him until Mycroft is half atop him, pressing down into him deliciously. The way that Mycroft silently teases his way into John’s mouth make John think that he’d like to entangle himself in negotiations with this man more often.
“Who am I to deny you that?” Sherlock murmured. He almost gently tilted John’s head to the side and bit down hard on the tender skin. He grinned when John shouted as his climax rushed over him and then groaned as he felt the human fall apart beneath him. John’s hole shuddered and clamped down, wringing Sherlock’s own climax out of him. Groaning, he collapsed on top of John.
Mycroft’s smile did not reach his eyes. “Give our regards to your mother for us, cousin. Tell her that if something happens, she will be the first to know.”
As John’s breathing slowed, he drowsily said, “Hey, your lips are warmer now.”
“You want to know if I could lose control and drain you completely. No. I can feel your heartbeat, John,” he said, placing one hand over his heart. “I won’t let it slow to the point of endangerment. I will know when to stop.”
“We’re not at the begging part yet,” Sherlock murmured. He knelt between John’s spread legs and casually stroked some lube onto his hard cock. Once done, he pulled John’s fingers free and grasped both of his ankles. He held John’s legs out and spread them up and wide. His eyes focused on John’s hole, tight and winking up at him. He inched closer and inched John’s splayed body up his thighs. He guided the tip of his cock inside of John’s hole and held John’s ankles in a vice grip.
Mycroft raised an eyebrow.
Sherlock’s eyes flicked to John, who stood almost at military attention. “Tea,” he said and took a seat on a chair.
Mycroft smiled tightly. “Just remember, you now have someone else who is relying on you.” He paused. “Just as you are now relying on him.” With that, he turned and walked regally down the stairs.
Finally the vampire grinned, showing John his sharp fangs. “Yes,” was all he said in reply before sitting up and again spreading John’s legs wide. He didn’t wait now to hold back as he started to fuck John hard, claiming him with each powerful thrust.
Sherlock stiffened in his arms. “No.”
“Now my dear boy, thank you so much. I just can’t seem to jump up stairs as easily as I used to…” Annabelle leads John to a comfortable sitting room off the main hall. There’s a fire in the fireplace and what looks like a very expensive bottle of brandy with sifters. John frowns. Do little old ladies drink brandy? “Now, make yourself comfortable. That’s a nice young man.” She wanders out of the  room and closes the heavy door behind her.
In preparation for mating, an omega’s body began producing lubrication. Substantial amounts of it if the medical texts were correct. He’d never seen it first hand, but he was aroused, and he thought that by now he should be leaking from his rectum.
“Congratulations,” Sherlock said, allowing his voice to warm. “I am – I am happy for you, brother. I believe that he is a good match for you. Even if he is human.”
At that moment, Mycroft’s cell phone rang. The vampire actually growled at it for daring to disturb them. Still he reached for it while holding his lover down. Only four people had access to him like this, and one of them was pinned to the floor beneath him.
Sherlock rolls off and onto the side, collapsing with one arm above his head.
Smiling, John runs his hand down to the bulge in Sherlock’s pajama bottoms. “Has anyone else ever touched you here?”
John smiled at that. “Always looking out for me,” he murmured. He stepped closer. “What if….what if I’d rather not leave at all?”
“It means combined blood. Yours and his. It’s, well, it’s kind of important to them.”
“It was…awkward.” The way Sherlock says it, makes John glance up to see that he is embarrassed. Something he wasn’t skilled at then.
You: John chuckled. "Can't argue with you there." He looked down at his naked body, noting the thin film of sweat on his skin
With a grim smile, John brought his hand down. He missed the middle spot, having never spanked anyone before, and then adjusted so that he could smack the tempting ass right in the middle.
“Please John. Need you to mark me. Make me yours. Please.”
Greg had the odd sensation of being sized up very carefully.  “Thank you, I think.”
wouldn’t be the one wearing the things, so perhaps he should be asked instead.
“He’s going to help me with my biochemistry final paper,” she says with a laugh.
Sherlock shuffles a bit and pushes his pajama bottoms fully off of his legs. John has only a moment to consider the idea of a naked Sherlock Holmes in his bed before said man’s delicate hands reach for his jaw, holding him still as Sherlock kisses him.
For a minute, they’re both silent. Finally John said, “So. Do you think that would, uh, be the same for Sherlock? Being brothers and all?”
Sherlock’s lips curled into a sneer.
Stranger: Greg winced slightly, looking up at Mycroft guiltily, "I know. Sorry. I'll wear it, swear I will." Why he couldn't keep his mouth shut around Mycroft was absolutely beyond him, it was unfair really, that Mycroft could uncoil the truth from him so easily.
“I see my deduction skills have rubbed off on you,” he said with a smirk.
Greg blushed and put the small vase back down on the mantle. They were at the Holmes’s family estate in Somerset. “Sorry. Nervous is all.”
“Say it. I want to hear you say it.”
Greg frowned. He knew that this man, this vampire, didn’t frighten easily. He swallowed. “I’m sorry, love. It had to be done. It’s my division.”
“On the contrary, that man is in my brother’s care. That makes this very much my business.” Mycroft stood casually, idly twirling his ever-present umbrella as if they were discussing the weather.
Sherlock chuckled, the sound deep and reverberating in his chest beneath John’s hand. “I suppose it is our MO….sir.”
Pleasure and pain sliced into him and danced up his spine. He shuddered, cock oozing pre-cum.
Translation of reses. Latin: immobile, quiescent
“Why not? What’s…special about…this?” he gestured to his wrist.
Stranger: But what is the point? I'm not going anywhere. SH
“You should eat, love,” Greg said softly. “I’ve eaten.”
“Clearly we must be unclothed for this to proceed.”
“No wait,” Greg said, stopping Mycroft with a hand on his wrist. “Keep the tux on for now. I think it could help. With this,” he flushed, gesturing to his cock.
Crap. Does anyone even know where he is? For all he knows, nice Annabelle enjoys hacking up younger men in her manor basement. He had mentioned to Sherlock that he was volunteering for the charity gala, but he doubt it had registered in his flatmate’s mind. Hell, Sherlock has probably deleted the information as irrelevant. John runs a hand through his hair and sighs again.
The other vampire nodded seriously, as if this were a perfectly normal thing for his appointments to say. “Of course, of course.”
“Then how have you not starved?” John ask, frowning.
John shrugged in response. “Greg is my friend. And your brother is….not you.”
“Is now the time to beg?” he panted.
“According to Mycroft, plenty of vampires place registered claims on humans under contract. It’s an extra bit of protection. But this one sort of connects you to him.”
“Mmm, are you sure? That means I can’t do more of this,” Greg said, teasing as he ran finger tips down Mycroft’s spine.
“I know, love. I know.” He glanced around quickly, noting that none of his people were paying attention. “We still under your invisible bubble?”
You: John sighed and turned away, flushing slightly. "Ok. Want tea?"
“Who would-?”
He turned onto his side and slowly sat up on the couch with a wince. Sherlock stopped playing and approached him with a glass of water.
The vampire licked down along his jawline and neck before biting into the tender flesh. He ignored John’s soft gasp of surprise and sucked languidly, drawing it out as John’s warm life flowed into his mouth. He pulled away and said a bit too calmly. “John, I require that you be undressed. I do not wish to tear the fabric.”
Greg needed just a glance to notice all the resemblances between Sherlock and the child, and for a moment he felt sorry for John: not only had he had to find out that his partner had cheated on him, but now there was a living and breathing proof of that infidelity.
-Is everything okay?- John asked frowning.
“Oh poor you...”John teased him good-naturedly.
Molly cleared her voice and brought the man's attention back to her.
A man who, despite having experienced something really bad, overcame his fears ("
-Why? -
-Come on... Let me look at you. I want to hear you shout my name...-John said laboriously, his lips a short distance from Sherlock's.
-Okay, let's finish our dinner quickly. If we play our cards right, we might be lucky tonight- John said to her with a playful smile.
-Hey Sherlock, do you want to have breakfast with us? -asked Jack as he approached the stove to retrieve a plate full of pancakes.
The first guest to arrive was Jack.
"I just spent the last three hours in a waiting room at the hospital hoping that Daniel would get through surgery, that the doctors would be able to save him, blaming myself and you for what had happened to him" Greg said, clearly thinking cautiously to every word.
He told the woman of the invitation he had from that evening and the happy expression that appeared on Sarah’s face, John would have expected to see her jump from joy in his place.
-What benefit did it bring you being in love with me?
For a few moments Sherlock remained silent, staring at the camera but did not really see it and John was sure that that moment was dedicated to him, as if the detective was looking for his gaze among the many viewers who were listening at the time, silently asking him how to answer.
Although Sherlock said he had not seen her since he was in Berlin, this did not rule out that they could have spoken through text, especially now that Hamish was in Baker Street.
"I'm bisexual" Greg said, "My wife knew that and had no problems with it"
Sherlock nodded distracted, busy flipping through the pages of the history book.
The next instant he opened the door and John saw in action all his charm.
"I was thinking about something" said John, breaking his silence and turning his mind away from those memories.
-I thought she wouldn't leave! - she said before letting go of an amused laugh.
"It's a pity that I'm not charming at all" Sherlock retorted, holding a scruffy rabbit to Hamish, who watched it suspiciously before clutching it in one hand.
Exasperated John turned again, almost annulling the distance from Sherlock and observing the man’s face from below up, not at all intimidated by the height difference; Greg kept himself a short distance from the two, ready to intervene in case the situation worsened like last time, noting distractedly that the curious glances of most of the agents were now intent on following the scene.
-Sort of- John granted him- That was the beginning, and slowly and especially thanks to Greg's constant help, we were able to get to know each other better and build our friendship-concluded.
Sherlock sighed frustrated.
Greg nodded slowly, before staring at his partner for a few moments.
At those words, Sherlock rolled his eyes, bringing both hands to John's face and leaning toward him to bring their lips together.
Sherlock...
The man shook his head.
"I didn't know" Sherlock answered through his teeth, clearly annoyed.
The next moment Greg had turned his back on him again, this time directed to the front door.
A life full of friends, his work, the chance to fall in love with a quiet man without too much trouble and completely unable to make even the smallest deduction.
And your presence here is a blatant confirmation of that betrayal- he ended; his voice completely emptied of the anger that had animated him up to that point.
-Oh, we have a philosopher here... - Greg commented clearly annoyed.
You know that I am not an expert in this field, but I know that at the beginning of a relationship you should keep a low profile and avoid spreading the word, so if the relationship were to end quickly, you would not run the risk of enduring the false platitudes of the acquaintances and friends.
John had always been very extroverted with women, so he certainly didn't expect him to stop dating them just because his roommate had jumped down a roof.
Mycroft initially thought of calling Gregory and offering his help in finding the boy, but then realized that the offer would not be well accepted, especially considering the way the man had left the apartment.
- A child needs her mother, it doesn’t matter if she has a few hours or six months or six years, and we both know how much you love this little girl and how many sacrifices you made for her.
In recent years he had learned to sleep on every possible occasion, in the worst beds he had ever imagined, from a bench by a railway in Paris to a sleeping bag in a park in Bucharest next to a homeless man who kept humming ever the same song.
Jack nodded.
Since the detective had slammed the door behind himself, John had  sat on the couch, thinking endlessly back to the long conversation that had taken place in that room, breaking it down into short sentences, retracing in his memory every word, every inflection to find even the most hidden meaning.
He knew Sherlock could ruin the evening with a few words, but John needed his friends.
I joined the Army because I wanted to be a doctor.
"Did I hear my name?" a female voice said.
Letting the apartment fell into silence.
Some kind of training and test at the same time... But for those who came back alive, it was a struggle for survival... There was no day without an explosion... When my tour ended, they handed me a medal as if being still alive and sane after that experience deserved an award.
That he was grieving...
He then turned to the closet and chose a grey suit and a black shirt, along with the underwear.
"Listen, I wanted to know if we were still on for tonight... - Greg asked him, making him frown.
-It's always been you John; before the Fall and then when I was with Irene: she meant nothing to me because every time I had an orgasm I had you in mind.
For his part, Misha was busy splashing as much water as possible around him by slamming his palms on the water's surface, not worrying in the least about his dad getting quickly drenched by his side.
-I did what I had to do to protect you.
"I must have done something wrong so far" he said with a hint of irony in his voice.
-Understanding the depth of my  feelings, knowing how far I would go for you and being aware at the same time that nothing will ever happen between us made me feel...- said John unable to find the right words to describe what he had felt back then.
Would you like something to drink? -he then asked the man in black.
John met her eyes, clearly surprised.
John read the few scribbled words on the dirty sheet of paper and nodded overthought.
-Because I not a war relics like you?" teased Daniel in an ironic tone.
A man with his back to the door with short light brown hair and a raincoat on, was busy with his mobile phone, probably answering a text.
-Six times.
John took a deep breath and turned to his partner, an affable smile to brighten his face.
Jack shrugged.
-You are a drama queen Sherlock-
On the short tube ride to South Kensington, Sherlock discovered that the little girl was Mary and Jack’s daughter, the troublesome fly that did not seem to detach from John even a moment, probably a youth experiment from the man.
-The scar on the right eyebrow, the left wrist clearly weaker than the right one, sign of an old fracture never perfectly healed, the tooth slightly broken and the tendency to show special attention whenever mistreated or abused minors are involved, an empathy superior to the professionalism required- listed Sherlock promptly, making the blonde smile.
-Because you wouldn't like it... I mean, you'd like it, but I don't think we should do it here in front of everyone- John explained.
It was then that John promised himself that he would not permit it: he would not allow Sherlock to reduce him like that.
"No" he muttered.
John shrugged.
All of his observations were written in a notebook, updated daily, and were shown to John to make him part of his "discoveries".
-Oh Sherlock... Sometimes you really know how to be obtuse - she just said.
-Is there anything you forgot to tell me, dear brother?  - he asked.
All these years he had been convinced that Mycroft had made them disappear and the sudden reappearance of the scarf was crushing proof of his theory.
John followed the man with his gaze and smiled at him when their eyes met again.
Bill saved me and the kid by loading us up on the Rover, but we had to wait fifteen minutes before we could leave for the camp.
"Apparently I was right" John murmured.
Sherlock looked closely at the stranger: tall, probably six feet, six feet eighty-five, with thick brown hair and eyes of the same color.
But somewhere in my wicked, miserable past
"Are we safe now?" she asked without fear, as if she was ready to fight by his side, despite her age and health problems.
Trying to avoid Sally’s curious look that John felt burning on his face, John took a long sip of beer, before being forced to surrender and meet her friend's hazel eyes.
"I didn't know!" repeated Sherlock for the umpteenth time, raising his voice slightly, provoking a sound of protest from Hamish.
-Since when has Dad been playing chess? -
But, of course, no one was happy to see their secrets revealed in front of strangers, especially from a six-year-old.
-You finally woke up. You must have taken from your mother in this field-commented Sherlock picking up the baby stopping by the crib for a few moments, leaving him time to wake up altogether.
Curious, Sherlock touch once again John’s stomach with his lips, placing small kisses on the line that would lead him to John's erection then, finally Sherlock pulled down John’s black boxers, looking at John’s cock: it was not the first time that they were in similar situation but every time they had succumbed to passion and they had hurried things eager to orgasm as fast as they could.
Greg nodded, realizing that, although Sherlock was there in front of him, ready to share a part of his life with the inspector, there was still a whole universe in which Greg was not allowed to peek.
Looking out the cab window, John watched the neighborhood almost sleepy with most of the clubs and shops closed and, when their taxi passed the "Pride" John tried to capture the detective's look through the window reflection, finding it detached, completely immersed in his own Mind Palace.
Clutching the scarf in one hand, he cautiously took it between his fingers, as if he were afraid that it might vanish under his eyes if he moved too quickly.
Personally, I would rather make things clear, let everyone know that we are a couple, so the English homosexual male population would know that you are no longer available.
"I have no intention of paying you, it's enough that I won't take you in for attempted solicitation of a public official" Greg replied promptly.
-No way! You haven't...- exclaimed the woman in disbelief.
-Is that so? - John commented, a smile in his voice.
But if you're looking for something cheaper, you can try Frith Street-
-Sherlock...- John admonished him, hoping that that was enough to stop the avalanche that seemed imminent and that it would do serious damage if not contained.
-John...-
While John briefly summed up how Daniel and Gregory had met and what prompted the detective to take him in their house, Mycroft had remained silent with his eyes closed, as if he wanted to escape from his own mistakes and stupidity.
"Detective, have they never told you that it's rude to stare at people so insistently?"asked Sherlock as he approached one of the worktables in the middle of the room, staying a few feet away from the man.
Between him and Sherlock it was over, this time for real: he could not get over what had happened with Irene and, curiously, the detective could not tolerate the one night stands John had had in the past three years with other men.
-Did you have cramps or blood loss? -
-What business? You just said you weren't interested...-Daniel said, but the next moment a slightly mischievous smile stretched out his lips- Ah, I understand... You're one of those who like…-comments clearly amused.
"Anyway, I've already paid for dinner" he said.
"Why haven't you come home since your return to London?" she asked.
Enjoy this new chapter and let me know what you think!
Trying to help him, Mycroft pulled a manila-colored folder out of his door glove compartment and handed it to him.
-But I do not want to rush things, I want things to progress slowly, find out what you like and what turns you on...-he added, turning in Sherlock’s arms so he could look at Sherlock’s face, stroking with his thumb the vein in his neck that became evident every time Sherlock moved his neck to the right.
"Excluding the PTSD, what other dark secrets do you hide?"he asked, moving his long legs under the table.
Sherlock shrugged.
The next moment he had removed the bow from the strings, carefully placed the instrument in the case and headed to his room, leaving fifteen minutes later wearing black shoes, black trousers that highlighted his narrow hips and the purple shirt that had always been one of John's favorites.
Our lives will always be too chaotic or too dangerous for a child, but we are a couple and we have already proven to be good parents, however absurd it may seem to the outside world.
At the time, my family didn't do very well financially, and since Harry had also enrolled in law school, my only alternative was to pay for my studies alone by taking twice as long to graduate, or to put aside my dreams and start working in the family restaurant.
Almost without realizing it, he stood up and, without his cane, took a few tentative steps around the room, feeling on himself the worried gaze of his friends.
You don't spend two years of your life with Sherlock Holmes without learning the tricks... or at least some of them.
"Shut up Sherlock!" he admonished him staring at the detective with a thunderous glare.
-I see I'm not the only one working late- he greeted her closing the car door.
"And these three years of absence?"asked the inspector again.
Recent developments have shown that the more time John has to think about what happened, the more time he will analyzed the situation, making comparisons, and the greater his doubts and recriminations will be-answered the detective.
The last time he had picked up such a small baby was when he was a child as well, when at the age of seven his mother had brought Sherlock home from the hospital and they had meet for the first time; he still remembered the fear of holding such a small bundle in his plump arms, fearing that he might hurt him in any way, even involuntarily.
-Which translated into English means you could eat a whole cow- teased John with a smile, moving in his embrace to take the carton of eggs and milk out of the fridge and close the fridge door.
Before The Fall, John was unable to hear the woman's name without an annoyed expression crossed his face, but now they seemed capable of affectionate interactions and unexpected confidences.
There was also a smell, spicier than the cologne that John used habitually, and that Sherlock had only heard on another occasion that told him who John had spent those hours with.
-No, you didn’t. But I'm eager to punch you- commented Jack.
"I came back John" said the man, interpreting his thoughts for the umpteenth time by the language of his body.
"Hey" Greg greeted him.
-Today is Monday. You won't find your doctor at home.
"What's stopping you from doing that?" asked Sherlock relentless.
"It can't be..." he murmured.
Contrary to the previous kiss, in this one any sweetness was absent, leaving room to the desire that the two men felt for each other and that they had hidden far too long: Sherlock bit John's lower lip with his teeth, recording only partially the strong fingers that sank into his curls pushing him forward towards the solid body of the blonde, while the tip of a foreign tongue stroked his upper lip, drawing the contour of his lips, before meeting his twin and engaging it in a languid dance.
Dimmock turned and look at him.
They were next to each other, immortalized with a cup of coffee in their hands; John was leaning against a wall, his head facing down, in the usual position he assumed when he was laughing at something he thought was inappropriate and his hypothesis was confirmed by the amused smile on the stranger's lips.
-Sherlock...-scolded his mother by following him into the living room and sitting in John's chair.
-Misha loves his new room- John said.
Sherlock looked away from Emma's face and met John's, immediately seizing his discomfort.
-Six months- John corrected him.
That morning, when he had phoned Mrs. Hudson to ask her what time he had to pick her up to accompany her to the cemetery, the woman had kindly thanked him, but had informed him that that year she would do without that visit.
When he arrived at the station, he had taken a cab and within minutes he had found himself in front of the red door, with slightly discolored paint, which had always wished him well back home.
-John is the proudest man I've ever known, he never talked about how he felt during your absence, and I'm sure you'd do the same in his place-she added, her voice slightly lower.
-Good morning-
Greg thanked him before heading to the crime scene.
Greg drove him home and practically put him to bed.
His other hand rested on Sherlock’s chest, feeling the heartbeat of his heart throbbing incessantly under the skin; even that little touch provoked an unexpected reaction in Sherlock, making him moan softly and get even closer to John until his leg managed to tangle between John’s legs.
Daniel drank from his cup one more time before smiling at Greg.
-Someone's coming. There is no reason to be alarmed, we just have to remain still and silent.
Taking advantage of John's good mood, Sherlock placed a hand on John's right side, and approached the man's face, moving his lips closer to his right cheek before changing direction at the last moment and bending over to his ear.
Trying to calm down, he passed a hand through his short hair, before talking again.
"I said, Dr. Watson has made a habit over the years of go through the apartment every two days looking for microphones and cameras" he said.
Despite everything, John would have protected him, even if it meant protecting Sherlock from himself.
Irene smiled again; an ironic grin that made her even more unbearable.
Sherlock, after a short deliberation, decided that this unexpected visit might be positive: it would allow him to know a side of John who was completely unknown to him and, if he played his cards well, he would diminished the distance that John had put between them.
-Everyone knew him. He was hustling around Greek Street with three or four other boys.
-Alison wanted to die. She loved him.
"What will he say if you and I "get back together"?" asked Jack, folding his fingers in the air to form quotation marks.
Jack shrugged his shoulders, getting up again and leaning against his desk to meet his friend's gaze.
Did that child really think he could use his tricks to seduce him? He clearly didn't have the faintest idea of the person in front of him.
-Are you two done flirting? -asked Greg meddling and breaking the game of glances between the two men.
He would have been inclined to give himself a few hours' sleep if Gregory had been at home, in bed next to him, but the man had decided to return to Scotland Yard as soon as they had said goodbye to Mummy, blaming the irritation and discomfort that Mycroft’s company provoked in him on his work.
When John returned home, he found the apartment completely shrouded in silence.
He had ended the phone call by thanking the doctor and for a long time had stared at the wall in front of his desk, reflecting on how a misjudgment had compromised a years-long relationship based on trust and love.
School for John was always uneventful. Especially during the period of time before the first period. He simply sat in the library, folding cranes and listening to Snow Patrol.
John gazed around the room at the many strings of hundreds of cranes, all taped to the white ceiling of his room. He lazily flicked the string dangling in front of him.
"I am not an idiot, Mycroft. I do not care what others think of my choice in clothing color." Sherlock stopped himself adding; "Says the queer one." So instead he added; "It isn't even that bright of a purple. It's plum."
Sherlock put his head down as Mrs. Kydin called attendance. Only six more classes. Sherlock thought bitterly.
Unadulterated loathing
John was allowed to have the paper with him all the time and be able to fold the cranes whenever cause the doctors contacted the school and such, but John decided to fold cranes in a class all the time, not paying attention to class. This caused some teacher to be extremely worried, but they didn't say anything. So John was content.
Without a word to his mother, John grabbed his keys off the hook near the door, and walked out to his car and start the drive to school.
Here's the next chapter! Thanks for being patient. The chapters will switch from John's P.O.V to Sherlocks every chapter. So next chapter will be from John's P.O.V.
The buzzing of the alarm clock snapped John from his trance. 6:30 am. John wasn't surprised. He knew from the start of summer that last night he wouldn't get a wink of sleep, too anxious for the second week of the school year to drift off.
Sherlock stared at John who was seated at a desk in the middle of the class. John glared back, causing Sherlock to have an internal breakdown, but then he realized he was scowling, so his expressing suddenly changed to embarrassed as he sat down in a seat towards the back of the class.
My face is flushing
I felt the moment
So sudden and new?
Sherlock averted his eyes back to his book as he watched John disappear behind a bookcase. Sherlock continued to read, but his mind was elsewhere.
Once he reached the library, he placed his bag on a table and went off in search of a book, and after about five minutes of searching, he came back to the table with a book in hand.  The Monstrumologist.
"Where is the library?" Sherlock responded. Mycroft sighed and gave Sherlock direction. Sherlock immediately retreated to the library, not wanting to be in his sibling's presence anymore.
Loathing
After finishing the bacon, Sherlock undid his robe, letting it cool down at his feet and stripped off his wool pajama pants and changed his boxers, then proceeding pull on a pair of black pants, following a dark gray button-up shirt.
Sherlock and Mrs. Kydin stood at the front of the class as she introduced him. Sherlock looked around the class, making hundreds of deductions, but then his heart started pounding. John was in this class.
He couldn't get John out of his head.
But dear mother had other plans. She was sending him off to high school in his junior year. But she "had the courtesy" to wait a week into the year, as to not overwhelm Sherlock with having to get settled at the same time as everyone else.
And now you're tearing through the pages
When the attack passed, John took a deep, shaky breath and got up to get his bag together. He carefully placed the paper in the bag, careful not to make any undesired creases.
Sherlock cast one last glance at his siblings and grabbed his school bag which he had prepared the night before, that was near the front door. Sherlock said nothing as he left the house.
I laid eyes on you
Mycroft Holmes was a senior, and a stereotypical jock all around, except for his amazing brain. Eurus Holmes was a sophomore and the head cheerleader. John had actually gone out with her for two months last year until he realized she was sort of a psychopath.
Sherlock grabbed one small strip of bacon from the pan in the kitchen and sulked back to his room to get dressed, wondering why he even went downstairs in the first place. He wasn't actually hungry. He was never hungry.
Fervid as a flame
Walking back into the living room, he sat down on the couch, making precise and even folds and he concentrated on the crane that was forming and tried to block out the anxiety that kept him up at night and that caused him to be home-schooled all throughout the first nine years of school.
It was early, but Sherlock decided to walk to the school, to clear his head. He knew he would be on time this way and wouldn't have to have Mycroft drive him to school with Eurus.
To the public eye, there were only two Holmes children. Eurus and Mycroft. Sherlock didn't exist in the world. And he wanted to keep it that way.
"It's my favorite shirt." Sherlock defended.
When the bell rang, John picked up his bag and made his way to homeroom. Once inside, he took his seat, waiting for attendance to be taken and for him to leave this 'class.'
It's Sherlock's first year of public school. He doesn't want to be there, but how will his attitude affect his first day?
"Don't you think that's a bit... queer? Just cause you can't see the color doesn't mean it's gray." Mycroft interjected.
Soon the two teachers arrived. Mrs. Kydin was introduced as his homeroom teacher and Mr. Taylor was introduced as his counselor. He was asked to go with Mrs. Kydin to homeroom and that he and Mr. Taylor would talk during lunch.
Before attendance started, John watched as Mrs. Kydin, his homeroom teacher, walked in late, a boy tailing her, wearing a scowl.
My head is reeling
What is this feeling?
,” he murmured.
After a couple of minutes of cuddling, Sherlock muttered, “I think it’s clear that we should explore this new kink in all of its interesting facets.”
Stranger is using Omegle's mobile Web site (omegle.com on a phone or tablet)
"I came at my mother’s behest. She wants to know if the rumors are true."
The man standing directly behind him was absolutely still. Too still. His eyes were bright and sharp, and focused on John. Slowly his mouth formed a smile that did not reach his eyes. His lips parted to reveal a pair of sharp fangs. A vampire.
Mycroft leads him upstairs and down a long hallway covered in gilded artwork. He opens a door and steps aside to let John in ahead of him. The room is somewhat less ornate than John had expected. It feels… comfortable.
You: [places newspaper over lap] Why would you say something like that? You know I'm not gay. -JW
“And end this delightful activity so soon?” Mycroft said before biting into the skin on Greg’s inner thigh. “Turn around, love.”
John felt as if he were being held at the brink of something that would shatter him, and after what felt like an eternity, the vampire pulled away. Sherlock licked at the wounds again to close them and pulled back, eyes intently taking in every detail of John’s face and body. John panted softly and slowly opened his eyes.
John blinked up at Sherlock. For all that the vampire could ignore the emotional needs of the humans around him, he could sometimes be very astute in that area. “I suppose, yes. So now what?”
John sighed mentally and pointedly took his food to the couch as Sherlock pulled several jars of eye balls out of the fridge. They eyes were sitting in different liquids and showed various states of decay. Sherlock leaned down, looking at them intently and made notes on a pad of paper.
Stranger: No. That's boring. It's been hot anyway. SH
Sherlock growled softly. He yanked John away from the wall and down the hall to his bedroom. He gently pushed John back onto the bed, and the man landed with a soft thump on the bed.
“Eyes on the target, people.” Lestrade’s voice crackled over the radios, and a number of them shifted nervously.
You: Well, I mean, it doesn't bother me. I'm a doctor. But still....it's just not what flatmates do! -JW
“And you like it,” John grunted when Sherlock’s fingers twisted.
“Mycroft?” Sherlock’s eyes open and he pins John to the chair with his steel blue eyes.
John sat. He adjusted his tie. He fidgeted.
“Sherlock made it, if you’ll believe it,” Greg said as he stood up. “Yeah, I know,” he said at the look on John’s face, “wonders will never cease with these two.” He paused as he reached the door. “Don’t shoot the messenger, but Mycroft wants to see you.”
“Kiss me.”
You: "No! Please. I-I'm not used to this. It's been a while." Sherlock blushed.
“Shhh,” John  replied, brushing Sherlock’s curls out of his face. “We didn’t exactly plan it out. If you’re really uncomfortable, we can leave. But not a word from you, understood?”
Sherlock walked John backwards until he pushed him back on the couch. John fell back and looked up at Sherlock, neck arched. The vampire looked down at him, predator to prey.
Brandy glass in one hand, Mycroft runs the finger tips of the other hand across John’s thigh. “Oh John. What kind of host would I be to let you sleep alone?”
The vampire’s grip on his cock was hard and their movements were taking on a desperate note. Mycroft began to pump Greg’s cock fast. He was close and he could feel that Greg was, too. He held Greg close to him and urged him on letting his own climax come to a head hard and fast.
The DI walked over to them. He didn’t seem surprised by the wound on Sherlock’s side. “Well, there is paperwork, which I know you hate, but –“ He held his hands up defensively.
"He does, Alessandro. Release him immediately. "
“Yesssss, need you.”
Greg nodded and together they knelt up. Mycroft cradled Greg’s chin and tilted his head to the side. He buried his nose in the pulse point he could feel just under his husband’s skin. He breathed in deeply, and let Greg’s scent, his life-force, tender and strong, yet so vulnerable, calling out to him. He let out a low whimper. “Mine,” he whispered and licked at the pulse point. His eyes closed as he let Greg wash over his senses.
John smiled and leaned against the kitchen counter, watching the vampire look at slides under the microscope. “Anything else I need to know about this?”
“I want to – Sherlock let me show you –“ He leans forward and, meeting Sherlock’s eyes, runs his hand down his cheek, running his thumb over his bottom lip. He swallows nervously and leans more, touching his lips barely to the other man’s.
