"Good health? I don't know if you're unable to see or not, but I have a metal sticking out of his chest and the skin under my bandages feels like melted rubber. I am the furthest away from
"Yeah, sure, whatever."
"Oh well, you know me, I can't commit."He shrugs, not exactly looking at Tiberius but over his shoulder, eyes casting the crowd behind him in hopes of catching sight of Pepper or anyone even remarkably interesting to pull him away from the glowering Tiberius Stone.
Tony is on the field more often than he had expected to be, mostly because Tony had thought a simple measurement here and another one there would be enough of a feel that Tony needed to gather before zooming off to make the desired limb, but that hadn't been the case. It was so much more difficult working with human beings and human flesh in comparison of machines and robots that Tony is so use to working with, but Tony was able and he learned that it's not as bad as he expected.
"Wait, slow down Tony. One thing at a time."Sometimes talking to Tony is like having a conversation with a hyperactive toddler on a trampoline in the middle of a gun fight because the man talks the fast. It's not the first time that Bruce has witnessed the man have a conversation that no one can understand but Tony. Tony looked up, eyes wild with excitement. "The
me. That
Bruce, however, took that reservedness to a next level. It had taken Tony 3 minutes to find and hack into the file that Harvard kept of Bruce Banner, it had taken Tony 3 years to hear of that same information from Bruce's mouth. They were alike, whether Bruce and Tony liked that fact or not, there was no changing just how much in common that the two had.
"I'll pick you up from the airport."
Picking up his Phone, Tony can't help the grin that breaks out on his lips as he sees the messages left by Steve, rubbing the towel through his hair once more before dropping it into the hamper. He's dressed in a pair of legging type tracksuit bottoms, a thick hoodie thrown on in an attempt to cover the slow old the reactor and glasses on his nose, for the mean time until the dinner.
"But you are good at leaving behind unwanted money,"She points out, taking the wad of cash that she had found in her pigeonhole when she arrived for her shift. It didn't take her long to figure out who had left it and the occasion why.
"Mine?"Steve tries to hide his joy, looking confused as he points to himself. The blonde hisses whenever Bucky elbows him in the side."What do you do? Sharpen your elbows?"
"Write it on my hand."Tony orders halfheartedly, grabbing a pen from the table at the side. He doesn't want to take out his own mobile - one he made himself - and show Steve up with his in front of the times mobile phone. Steve nods, writing down his mobile number onto Tony's hand, making him grin."I look forward to texting you, Rogers."
But Steve's notions would suddenly become tainted when reminded that he no longer had that privilege of texting Tony, of telling him of his latest trek through the desert or of how Bucky recently gotten on his nerves, treating him like a kid with a bad temper or what not. He would suddenly be pricked with the realisation, even after all those years, that Tony was no longer his, not as if he was his in the first place.
It wasn't as if Tony has ever cared before to hide who he is, his Sexuality is a massive part of who he is, and maybe that's an influence on his life back in campus where he's used as the campuses sex toy, but it was always something that Tony has never hid, he saw no reason. He flaunts a lot of things in his life, his sexuality is a massive one.
"Lay down with me."Tony pats the space beside him on the bed, making a show of shuffling just a smidge to give Rhodey more room even though the two of them know that Tony will flop a leg over Rhodeys body and sleep like that.
"I am?"Tony questions, rummaging the bags so that he can reach for his phone in the pocket of his favourite MIT hoodie - which doesn't even belong to him and is in fact Rhodeys, evident from the musky cologne smell - and he frowns at the time because he's extremely fucking early."Fuck, I didn't realise. I must've sped here without knowing, I'm a speedy driver-"
"Then why am I here."
"Yeah, sure. It's perfectly normal to have conflicting thoughts."Tony nods, fixing the glasses on his nose in a sort of nervous habit that he had picked up from an old friend that he hadn't seen in years but has heard much about."I'll be back in a bit while you talk."
It reminds Tony of the Rhodes neighbourhood, although the houses are a lot bigger and probably cost a lot more, but it was obvious that they were homes that people lived in, from the newly planted flowers in the flowerbeds to a football forgotten in the drive away.
Tony looks up, eyes falling to the patient on the bed in grey jogging bottoms and white wife beater, a jacket draped over his shoulders in an attempt to conceal the absent limb on the left side of his body. Tony knows this man before he even has time to look at his face because he recognises the jacket, warned out and ruined and made of the type of thick leather than you can only really posses if the jacket had been made in the 70's, expensive but ruined.
"Damaged from the explosion."Tony flashes his best friend a smirk over his shoulder before he's bolting up the stairs, phone appearing in his hand as he messages out the request for grilled cheeses and coffee to be sent up to his bedroom, knowing that one of the servants working tonight will bring it up.
Because if Steve is being truthful, he has become a creature of comfort since his discharge, and he's pretty sure that it's not a good thing that he is but he's not willing to admit it openly enough to get help. He finds comfort in his apartment, it's small size giving him that blanket of security and contentment that often reminds him of his small childhood home. It's an open planned, 1 bedroom and 1 bathroom with little touching here and there that make it Steve's home and not just a home of his childhood or the sofa of his friends.
"Yeah, I mean, I'd count you as my friend unless you think that's weird or something because we've met once, two times? I don't know, can I count a person as a friend after two encounters? Well yeah, I can, if that's okay with you. Just because you're my friend doesn't mean I have to be yours, does that make sense? I think it does."
Tony - he wanted someone to like him for being himself.
"He disillusioned you. He wanted you to know him in his own manmade light, the softer, friendlier perspective rather than the harsher reality that he actually is. You knew
Heart thumping, head swimming, chest tightening, limbs frantic, knuckles rapping, the sound echoing into the night of the quiet suburban street as bone knocks against heavy wood. It's a little past midnight, not a sinner to be of sight, and only Tony seems to be awake as he raps against the wood of Steve's front door, a sight to behold with greasy hair and dirty neck and wrinkled clothes and bags under his eyes with a dead phone in his back pocket and hands fitter with nerves, a bleeding bottom lip.
"You're too sweet, Steve."Tony gives Steve the smile, a smile that Tony only has reserved for the people that deserve it, a blush dashing across the high cheekbones and over the bridge of his nose as he looks on at Steve.
"I-"Steve pauses, looking at Tony whose face is scrunched up in some sort of sourness, mixed with an emotion that the teenager is trying his hardest to mask, but damn these fûcking medication, making his moods all loopy."I came to apologise, to introduce myself all over again."
The people in Tony's life have often associated sadness with a secondary trait or emotion, which at a young age of 5, often left Tony in a very conflicted state of mind about the emotion of being sad, of feeling sad, of looking sad. His mother, who often had her own bountiful bundles of sadness herself that she masked with pills and flaunting charity events, had once took Tony's face in her hands, sharp red fingernails digging into his fleshly cheeks, and told him that being sad was ugly, it made you look, feel and be ugly, which hadn't failed to make him feel worse.
"So that's a yes? I'll pick you up, I'll steal one of Howard's cars, he won't even notice it's gone Wherever the fuck he is, but if I can't I'll get a driver to pick you up, okay? No point getting a bedroom fixed up, you're bunking with me, that good? Of course that's good-"
"Buck, what the-"
"Hey Pep, you didn't happen to bring that Cheeseburger I asked for, did you?"Tony is shouting over the turbines of the air carrier, famous dark shades thrown on to shield him from the glaring New York sun. It's May now. He's been gone for so long.
He couldn't have stayed, his disruption had not only caused a ripple in Tony's professionalism, but he was becoming an unannounced barrier between Bucky and the medical care and attention that he desperately needed. The prosthetic was only but a bonus because Steve had did his research concerning the procedures that patients had to go through before gaining a prosthetic under Stark Insurance and under that it meant that Bucky had to undergo therapy and counselling, something that Steve has been urging for him to do so since day one. Even if Steve has failed to seek that type of help himself.
"I mean, yeah? I guess I had to, They were my ride to the hospital most of the time, and Bucky kind of stole my phone and saw all of our messages so there's that too. Secrets don't stay secrets in my friend group."Steve admits, scratching the back of his neck as he blushes."But yeah, you should come down to Brooklyn. The next night we're all hanging out is game night if you want to come."
Steve is quick with getting out of the car after that, standing on the pavement as he watches Natasha speed off in her newly furnished car, yelling something about meeting up for drinks in a day or twos time out the window as she goes. He isn't sure if she means it or not but he'll make sure to keep the next couple of days open just in case, not that he has many things to be getting on with himself.
Tony bites his bottom lip with a grin, sitting down on the edge of his bed. It's ridiculous of how Steve makes him feel sometimes, how even just remembering the simplest of things makes Tony's day brighten up because somebody
"At a burning liquor factory?"
"Get in."She says, sunglasses perched on her nose, the dark tint of the shades contrasting against her porcelain skin, smooth as it was back when she was 17 and doing donuts in a parking lot as she waited for Steve or Bucky or Clint to come stumbling out of ER with the latest scar to their growing collection. The anxiety within Steve jolts a little, melting away when he realises who it is, but he's not over all convinced of her reason being here.
, too
"Can I think about this?"Is what actually comes out of James' mouth instead, his eyes flickering to look at Steve for a moment and then back to Tony in a way that only a patient unsure what to do in times like these can muster.
As gentlemanly as ever, Steve is taking the bags and moving out of the doorway to let Tony into the house and it's just as Tony expects it to be. A home. A properly lived in home with pictures of Steve and some of his friends hanging on the walls, with freshly cleaned clothes waiting in a laundry basket at the bottom stairs to be taken into the wardrobes and that warm, home like smell that lingers on the clothes and the furnitures.
the frown on Steve's lips, the crease of the brow that meets in the middle in that look of concern that Steve seems to possess that could possibly bring a dead puppy back to life.
"I know how to tell the time, Clint."
"That's us never seeing Clint again."Phil dumps his dufflebag by the couch before falling onto it, stretching out his limbs tiredly. Sleep is the only thing on his mind right now, sleep and coffee if he's being honest but a video game night never concludes with sleep and therefore, he's fucked in that department.
It's a cold night, and really, it shouldn't be surprising that it is since it's usually so cold in New York, a coldness that Tony has gotten use to despite the state of the arc heating system that Howard had installed since Maria had a hatred for anything cold, which was ironic to say the least since she was married to a man who knew nothing more but being cold, cold hearted, cold blooded.
There's a phone screen being flaunted into his face, a headline caption of some tabloid that Tony knows of but doesn't know enough about. His vision is blurry, the pixelated words on the stupid IPhone blurring together, paragraphs smudging and lines adjoining but Tony can read the headline clear enough that it makes his stomach drop and the photographs along side the article to cause his throat to close over.
."It's like venom, twisted with hatred and disgust and sadness. There's a look of pure anguish on Steve's face, muted only by his words."Billionaire. Playboy. Criminal convictions. Alcoholic. Drug abuser. I've seen the photos, read the articles, heard the audio. I'm caught up to date, so please, spare the details of your spring break because I
And so, really, Tony had been very much aware that Steve was still alive, that he had returned to Brooklyn just months before Bucky had, discharged from his barracks with a Sargent Captain ranking, the youngest of his age to ever be granted as such, with 3 tours in Afghanistan under his belt. Anti-social behaviour from what Tony had been able to gather but had been labelled as medical grounds in order for him to receive his full payment post-discharge and retirement.
"I have to pack,"Which is a lie, Tony hadn't even unpacked his belongings in the first place, a quick getaway if he needed. Tony is already heading for his backpack, stuffed with clothes and medication that Bruce and Thor basically forced down his throat the night before. He's swinging it onto his shoulder when Steve is suddenly there.
"Don't. I get it, I really do. Rhodey is the exact same, I mean not with friends and probably a lot more aggressive and an
Accompany him where?
"Thanks, Punk."
"Would you? These drugs are making me weak and sleepy as fuck, I can barely keep my eyes open nevermind lift this back."Tony sighs sleepily, falling back onto the pillows with a heavy grunt. The pillows were obviously from home, soft to lay on and silk in touch.
"Of course."
"What? Is that not a good word?"
"Clint-"
"Now, Ms.Potts, I cannot control where burning trees occur or the kittens that get stuck up them. I simply save them, that's all."The smile that appears on his lips is handsome but condescending, the type of smile that graces Tony's lips only when he's talking to the team that surround Obie like the plague, or that of informers that shake his hand too tightly and smile with too many teeth and try to drug his drink when they think Tony doesn't notice.
And Bruce had left, because that's what he wanted to do, not because Tony had told him to.
They had made eye contact on more than one occasion, they had kept eye contact throughout Tony's eulogy if only for the fact that to guilt her, to make her see of who he was becoming, who he had become so far. He had spoken of Maria, his mom, only in his eulogy which had been short and though he hadn't said much, he hadn't much to say, but it hadn't meant Tony didn't love her, because her death had been the result of empty liquor bottles countless times.
"You're delusional. What are you smoking now."Rhodey rolls his eyes before giving the shorter male a playful glare that means more than meets the eye.
"Steve."Tony breathes our breathlessly with the smallest of smiles, playing it off as being breathless from the weight of the bags that he's carrying. Even in just jeans and a too tight of a jumper - it's Christmas theme and somebody wearing a Christmas themed jumper shouldn't be
People talked, and most of the time when people did talk it wasn't a good thing, especially if Tony was involved. As much as he and Steve feud - and God was it a lot, and even over the most stupidest and tiniest of things - he didn't want the press to talk shit shout the guy, because as much as Tony hated to admit it, Steve was a wonderful guy, with a heart of gold.
Spotting the familiar soft dark hair, Steve has to bite back a smile of success as he raps his knuckles against the wood of the hospital, peering through the mesh like window as Tony looks up in confusion from whatever the hell he is obviously fiddling with. Steve wants to let out a coo, Tony's hair is sticking out in odd angles and his coffee brown eyes are wide in confusion as he looks at the door, nose scrunched up whenever he notices it's Steve.
"You're a Doctor now?"Steve's mouth shapes the words for seconds as they stare at one another, Tony with his body half turned to Steve, not fully trusting to allow the full front of his body expose.
"You get remembered for the things you did badly, not the ones you did good. Take Hitler for example, we remember him for being at fault for the Holocaust, but nobody ever remembers him as the artist."Tony shrugs his shoulder, sitting on the edge of the sofa that Phil had collapsed on.
"Shrapnel poison hasn't damaged your ego, it seems."Tony freezes suddenly, lips parted momentarily at Ty's words, stomach is tight coils, but he removers quickly as Ty now moves into his line of vision, lean body towering over him, body blocking his path.
"What all did you bring?"Steve exclaims as he carries the heavy bags filled with food, pulling Tony out of his panicked thoughts as they stand in the hallway.
, nudging at his chest once more before whirling off towards a far end corner of the workshop, determined to clean up the mess he had made which he hopes that Tony hasn't noticed, which he does, but he leaves Dumm-E to it.
"Party's are lame, wait until you get into clubs. It's far more intense."
Of course, he has to accept the fact that Tony is home, and as much as he had said in his previous text of how his parents seemed to straight up make no fuss about his return, it didn't mean he hadn't things to do. He could be catching up on sleep, and god knows that Steve knows how much Tony likes to sleep when he can.
"Natasha doesn't."
. A day at a time, where he can ignore yesterday and carry on with today, and if only he could do that about Steve.
"Fine, whatever."Tony waves his hand a bunch of times, mulling it over for seconds more before he's sitting up in the rather large, very empty bed of his with wide eyes and a pulsing heart beat as he changes his mind."No, tell him no- or rather, tell him to postpone- Jesus I don't know."
that gives Tony that all too familiar reminder of that dreadful heart monitor back at the hospital.
"This is me, of course it's me nobody else could ha a handsome face like this,"Tony smirks, gracing a hand under his chin and grinning at Sarah who just laughs."And this is my best friend Rhodey just this summer, we went to London for a week to see some sighs and it was honestly the best holiday I've ever had."He gushes.
"It's winter break! Who studies during winter break?"
"Flirting with Bruce is like trying to get blood from a stone. It's painful to look at."Clint perks from his place at the kitchen table, a plate of bacon and eggs in front of him along with coffee and orange juice. Clints mug is black and white, the mug that Tony holds in his hands yellow with white dots.
and it's truly something that Bucky hadn't thought his friends would rush to do, especially not Clint. But they do bring out the best in one another and he guesses that's what makes a great relationship, nevertheless a marriage. "Honestly, they're just right for each other. Phil is the calm to Clints storm, he keeps him from
There's a pain within Tony at those memories, of how it felt to be held by someone who he cared for, by people who had cared for him. And now, Tony can't even dare to think of Steve caring for him, of his state of mind, of his health, of how he is, much like Tony still cares for him in those ways. Steve's hatred and anger and betrayal that Tony had inflicted himself is still vivid in Tony's mind, of how Tony had changed someone, someone so sweet and kind and caring to have hatred for someone. For Tony.
Thankfully, tony doesn't have a thing against using other peoples bathrooms which makes for a quick shower, not dwelling under the water or scrubbing harshly at his skin like a usually shower, but he does make sure to use Steve's shampoo, rubbing it into his hair. He smells of Steve, of freshly cotton sheets, the way that the wind blows on a windy spring day, of laundry detergent and Tony wishes he could bottle his scent.
Butterfingers and U both beep is remembrance from their position at an old car that Tony had stored away a long time ago, one he had lost interest in tinkering with but one he didn't have the heart to throw away for scrap either. It was a beautiful car and it held a precious memory that Tony fears he would forget if he threw it away.
Steve lets out a hum as the alcohol slides down his throat, hating the fact that how right Bucky is that the alcohol was keeping him warm. He can't help himself but peer down at his mobile phone that sits on the coffee table, the screen on the lid of the phone having not light up with the indication of a new message.
"We are not having this conversation again."He stresses, not even bothering to stop and grab food from the cupboard like he intended on doing before settling to watch a film until dinner. His mom should be home from her shift soon and Steve intends on making her dinner, it's the least that he can do.
Back to the point; Tony didn't go out. The free time that he ever did have he spent it on his own, locking himself away from the world of business or the aliens that crawled out of portals that lead to a many multi-Universe. It was an automatic thing, for him to get so caught up with touching up his suits or designing a new stark tab that he wouldn't exactly release to the public but just use it for himself.
"Talk to me. Talk to me softly, about your day, about your week, I want to remember the sound of your voice."
"Thank you."
"Y-you what?"
you about to offer me coffee?"Suddenly, Tony's eye is peaking out at him, full of sleep.
"What are we watching?"
"Throw it over a radiator,"Steve tells Tony just as the teen is opening his mouth to ask where he should put the damp towel he used to dry himself off with. He's sitting on the sofa, Bruce is next to him and James on the floor, Clint just away in for his own shower.
"You need to put your profession before your personal life."Is all that he says and Tony's head jerks from where he was staring at a sticky note that has been pressed to a mug, '
"I don't have to be gay to appreciate how attractive another man is."Bucky rolls his shoulders in a stretch.
"So you're saying if your mom had a problem with it, you wouldn't go?"
"For fuck sake, Rhodey. I told you I'd do your work for you!"
"Is that your way of saying that I was not before?"Tony gasps, slightly offended at Steves words. He places a hand over his heart, arm accidentally brushing against where the arc reactor is placed under his thick hoodie which causes the teen to grimace just a little, something that Steve catches onto.
"Maybe- oh!"Tony exclaims as a coffee is shoved in his direction, nestled in his anxious hands and it feels good to hold something, to have his hands occupied and stop them wondering and touching things he shouldn't. The doctor smiles sheepishly, almost.
"We have
"That's a beautiful name,"Steve admits, blushing whenever he realises what he just let slip. He sees the way that Tony admittedly starts to blush, turning his gaze away from the wonderful blue eyes as he smirks just a little.
And James' equally annoying glares. He ends up himself crosslegged on Steve's front porch, a cigarette dangling from his lips and a sense of regret echoing in his head.
."Which is true, because every single time that Steve had gained a new friend, Bucky was always that chip on his shoulder that nagged in his ear about how he didn't like them, how they weren't allowed to sit with them at lunch or play basketball after school. And it was only after Natasha had joined that Bucky finally started to relax when allowing new members to their group.
"Do you have a photo of your parents?"The muses asks out of curiosity, noticing the way that Tony's body tenses up at the mention of his parents and shakes his head. Tony didn't have a lot of visitors, and it was no surprise to him that Howard and Maria didn't make an appearance to see how their only son was doing. Tony wouldn't be surprised if they were in the Caribbean right now, it would explain a lot seeing as Jarvis was allowed to come and visit.
Cautiously - mostly because he doesn't want to be spotted by a doctor or nurse that could escort him out of the building - Steve is peering into one of the private rooms on the floor that his Mum is stationed on. It's in a ward where it is mostly occupied with patients that have been in serious accidents that have landed with in comas, or have severely damaged an individual.
who he is, that he knows of his father, his intelligence, his name, his worth. And Tony isn't sure what to do about it because what is there to do about it? The thing is, Bruce just smiles at him, gives him a wink in a way that almost says
"You look terrible,what happened this time?"Natasha breaks the silence, watching as Steve struggles to pull the seatbelt over his body with his good arm. The player is turned down to a reasonable volume to allow herself to be heard.
Safe to say, Natasha doesn't have the best of cars in the world, but then again, it's the only car that anybody has for transport so it's good enough to get about in, just not good enough to do any drag races against the shit heads in the upper posh school on the otherside of town. The Mortal enemies of BHHS. Nobody really knows how the mortal rivalry between the schools started, but it was material and flaming.
Everything hits Tony like a tidal wave, The Grand Stark Christmas Ball which Tony has no interest in attending, and so, our of sheer boredom of being stuck in the mansion on his own, had wangled his way into Howard's Workshop to play with some tools. It backfired, because Tony has probably the worse luck in the world when it came to anything remotely involved with Howard Stark.
- Steve is looking amazing.
"Does it matter?"His voice slurs between a mumble and a grumble, head lulling back and body a deadweight in Rhodeys hands, wanting to fall back into the mattress and allow it to swallow him whole like some unexplained, extraordinary black hole that will make him disappear, and coincidently, all of his problem too.
want Tony to meet his friends, because of course he does, just now doesn't seem the most appropriate of times. Tony is just out of hospital, he's spending som time at home with his family before he's going back to MIT for months. It doesn't seem like the right time to be shoving the idea of meeting his peers in his face.
Tony grew up in a household where marriage was toxic, that it was only used to breed an heir. Tony has no wish to carry on the Stark gene, not when he has seen what the outcome comes to; of alcoholism, paranoia and addiction. Tony wouldn't wish anyone to have even an ounce of Stark in them because intelligence is marvellous on its own, but it's a curse when coupled with toxic and death-dealing traits such as that that Tony is riddled with.
"And don't you forget it, you try and change the tape and I'll crash this car into a tree."
"But you wouldn't."
"Well he got you there."Phil shrugs, gliding into the kitchen from the back door, dressed in different clothes from the night before and a mug in his hands, green this time.
"Nobody ever sees his drawings. They're sacred."Bruce mutters, pushing up his glasses as he looks at Tony with a hand outstretched."Bruce Banner."
The male wasn't wearing a hospital gown unlike most patients but he knew he wasn't a normal technician fixing the television due to the hospital identification bracelet around his wrist and the heart monitor and IV drip attached to him. They are in a private room, the only difference being the television that hangs on the wall and the slightly bigger side.
"It makes my intelligence seem so fictional! Animated! Comedic! I have you informed that my IQ is very much real, thank you very much."
He sure does love his bots but they will definitely be the death of him one day. And he reckons he's okay with that.
Or worse still; that his friends like him.
It's silent for a while and remains so until Natasha is pulling up to Steve's apartment complex, stories tall and red bricked. She doesn't shut off the engine but she does turn in her seat, red hair whipped over a shoulder as she does so and face set with an unidentifiable emotion that does nothing but make Steve more nervous and embarrassed than he already was. She's beautifully terrifying and Steve has faced many a thing in Afghanistan but nothing will ever come close to the fear that Natasha holds.
He's be stuck in it for days and days, downing down coffee so he doesn't need to sleep, all until either Pepper storms down and drags him by the scruff of his neck into a shower and a clean suit, or Rhodey has to spend his first day back trying to get his best friend for God knows how many years to actually eat a proper meal that didn't contain traces of meat that really shouldn't be set by humans or caffeine.
"As much as I want to be stuck in a hall filled with overweight billionaires with rods up their asses, I can't. I have work to be getting on with."Rhodey sighs on the other side of the phone, actually sounding sad that he is picking doing work over spending time with Tony. Of course, he wasn't the one to be drinking until he's picking into bushes but James Rhodes is no wuss and he can hold his fair share of drinks.
, Tony would comment as he whirled around the workshop, grabbing a 1st place graded sculpture that some kid at a science fair Tony was judging at gave him, placing it on a shelf surrounded by coffee mugs and old Latin books.
It took Tony an astonishing 2 weeks to notice what was wrong with his dinner invitation and it took him even longing to realise exactly why Bruce hadn't responded. Tony's invitation to dinner was not only ambiguous, it was a anonymous. Tony was essentially inviting a stranger to dinner without even telling such stranger who the invitation was from. He also made it out to be overly formal and creepy. Tony was beginning to feel like one of his many suitors.
"I'm going to go."Tony blurts even though every logical part of his mind is screaming at him to stay, stay for a while longer, stay and watch dopey television shows with Steve and his friends, stay to listen to Bruce talk about University options, stay to weirdly enjoy being the one to be glared at for intimation rather than the other way round.
Doctors, Nurses and long staying staff new Steve pretty well, and if it wasn't because of Sarah Rogers constantly showing off photographs of her son and boasting about how much of a wonderful boy he is, it was because they have known Steve for years. They all knew he was a generous boy, sneaking in chocolates and buns to the elderly that just suffered a broken hip or little kids that have just undergone operations.
"I'll probably be dead in a month anyway-"
"Bruce, shh, if you are then you're exactly the man that I'm looking to talk to."
And Tony hates it when other people are right, because deep down, Tony knows that he needs this fixed. It's not only flashing S.I into a bad light, but it's putting his place at MIT on the line, a place that Tony so desperately needs to keep.
The sound of knocking on his bedroom door is what causes Tony to look up from his phone, brows drowning in confusion as he stares at his door because nobody ever knocks. It's too early for it to be Rhodey and even if it was, he'd text him to tell him that he's here, Jarvis is out for the afternoon and won't be back until the dinner.
to change the sound.
Dumm-E returns with the Fuzzy yellow tennis ball not that long after Tony has sat down at his workbench, not really intending to pick up any old projects or start any new ones. The 'bot is dropping the ball into Tony's awaiting hands, claw nudging at the mans chest now, giving a long and wild
"What the fuck is wrong with me,"Tony's words are muffled, his tongue heavy and his mouth feeling numb because the words that come out of his mouth are so harsh and filled with venom that is only directed at himself. The grip that he has on Rhodeys t-shirt tightens, he pulls himself closer, standing on his tiptoes as he's held, a heavy pressure behind his eyes as his voice quakes."I'm such a fucking asshole."
"-And also a cheeseburger, I've been craving for one since I woke up. I really love cheeseburgers, tried to get a nurse to sneak one in but they all hate me and basically told me to go to hell."Steve can tell that he's rolling his eyes, the way he huffs out a breath."I mean they can join the list, it's pretty long."
"Wanted to see the damage for myself, the work of this Arc Reactor I hear that is now keeping you alive."He takes a step towards he bedroom door, causing Tony to push the door to a closer close.
"I-Uh, I just mean that's really, um, impressive."Steve blurts.
It also gave her the excuse to scowl at him
"I know,"Tony replies coyly, indicating a laugh from Steve which is music to Tony's ears. Steves hand is so warm compared to Tonys, so soft but strong and so fucking huge. His hands were nothing like Tony's, whose hands were covered in little scars from years of fiddling with tools, small and always so damn cold. Tony is always so cold.
is the signalled discussion of a disbandment, a split, a breakup in all sorts of shapes and forms and right now, or any now perhaps, Tony doesn't think he can take it if Rhodey decided to pack up his stuff and leave Tony in the dust of all of his makeshift problems.
Steve panics, the words just tumbling out of his mouth as he speaks, trying his best to not look at Tony because for fuck sake, he came all of the way here to apologise to Tony for freaking out due to the blue orb and now he's back, in the Same place freaking out about the blue orb and still with no apology.
"Phil has enough to do."Steve frowns, lines creasing at his forehead as he hunches his shoulders because he suddenly feels rather guilty for leaving Bucky alone at the hospital cause if he had stayed they would've shared a cab. But if he
Steve would never forget the look on Tony's face the night that he turned up on his doorstep, shaking and pleading as Steve had spat venom at him, snarled his lip, spoke to Tony in a way that Steve had never thought that he would because he had never thought Tony would betray him like he had. And was it really a betrayal, or was it more the fact that Steve had felt used, taken advantaged of, embarrassed that he had let a complete stranger into his life, into his home, only to be exposed as more of a stranger than Steve had wanted himself not to believe.
"Just A Rather Very Intelligent System."Tony had gestured grandly around the workshop, kept on the tips of his toes and on high alert from lack of sleep, lack of food, lack of social awareness, too much caffeine, very high heart rate, very low blood sugar, very excited mind that's been racing back and forth between projects for days, weeks,
"Look, anyway there's a flight leaving Philadelphia in 3 hours, that gives you enough time to pack your stuff, tell your mom and still manage to get for 7PM. Don't worry about formal wear, I'll have Jarvis ring up the best tailor is Rhode Island to fix you a suit in time for the dinner."He swipes down on the tablet, typing out a message that will sent to Jarvis to inform him.
And Tony smiles, even if it's small and not real, just so that he can see Pepper smile at him in return.
"No you don't know him."
In reality, Tony wishes to make a heads start with the new upgrades to the latest Stark Phone, in which he designed the specs for and that he will design the upgrades for too. It's not due for another month or two but Tony knows himself, and without the reminder of JARVIS, that he has a lot of busy months ahead of him in remark to travelling. As much as Tony hates the idea of travelling to war withered countries to promote Stark Industries, and furthermore, the weapons that Stark Industries continues to produce despite Tony's dismay and argument, he can't wait to get away from New York.
. Everything around Tony starts to break away, fall apart, an avalanche of his life that is just tumbling towards a stranded Tony at the bottom of the mountain.
look, one that causes Tony to half pause in his actions.
much about him. We've only been talking for like 3 weeks?"
"Pleased to meet you, Sir."
"I'm sure they do but right now, I would like to drink."It's like an itch that Tony can't scratch but it can be soothed with alcohol and when that isn't effective, other methods act as Tony's plaster to his hurting heart and aching mind. The bar is right in his reach and if only he could get to it and quench his thirst.
?"It's directly pointed and Tony can see the way that Ty's entire body stiffens up, rolling his shoulders and
In a way, Tony's kind of glad that Sarah and Steve are the few people not to know who he is. It gave and still does give him time to show who he really is and not how the media portrays him to be, something that Tony is never given the opportunity to do.
"If I do recall, I witnessed you deep throat a banana last night to try and impress me, only for you to sneeze and it came out of your nose. Now
Some part of Tony wants to remain bitter for all of those times where he hadn't been hugged, or talked to, or looked at for days and weeks and months, for all those birthdays and Christmas's Tony spent in school, in collage, on his own. But he's not petty, and he's not exactly raining down with members left of his once family unit which has now been fractured by deaths grip.
"You're not taking it, I'm giving it to you."He rolls his eyes, motioning towards the backpack with his screwdriver hand."Go, take it. Throw that one away and take mine."He leaves no room for arguing, almost pouting at Steve to listen to him and waiting for him to get up. Steve groans as he gets up, once again the painkillers wearing off as he gets off of the chair. There's a bin the room which Steve opens with his foot, throwing the ruined backpack in.
"Everything will be fine. I mean, they are overwhelming and forward but they don't mean any harm and I'll be looking out for you to make sure you're comfortable, alright?"
friend,"Tony corrects, pointedly looking at Steve who stares back a hum."Two if I count you. I have people that tolerate me, want to get to know me because of my looks, for my body for my...
But Tony is not just oblivious, he's learned how to ignore, void, block out the negativities of his life that he doesn't like to dwell on because he might be aware of his negatives, of the activities that he gets up to after dusk and until dawn, but he doesn't want to remember and nor does he want to dwell. He just
And now, that's all going to change, and in a way, it already has started. There's pieces of Steve's life, certain aspects and events, people and places, that have already changed in Steve's life in a way he hadn't expected, and maybe he should've. Sometimes he is naive and oblivious, unaware of the things that are happening around him, and sometimes, that's his own fault. But he doesn't want to dwell, this isn't the time.
bedside manner."Tony had motioned vaguely to the man that stood a short distance behind him, tall and slender, keeping a close eye on Tony who animatedly stands in the middle of the nurses station of the hospital floor.
"Tony- I mean, Dr Stark."Bruce had stuttered and Tony could feel the shakes in the mans hand as they shook, Tony's grip firm and excited, a grin plastered on his face which he isn't sure is the nerves or the alcohol.
"Of course my mom has a fucking problem with it, what sane mother wouldn't?"Mrs.Barnes, despite everything, loves Bucky a whole lot more than people think. She's a hardworking mother of 4, 3 of which who need her care more than Bucky does, and he only understood that that morning he told her he wanted to sign up for the army. Bucky had stood there by the sink and watched every emotion wash over his moms features, watched the fear in her eyes, listened to the lecture of why he shouldn't go, how he couldn't go, why she didn't want him to go."But she knows I'm going, no matter what she says."
Going back during the Holidays always helped like a chore, of course he loved to see his Mother - if she was even at the Mansion - and Jarvis - the man that has done so Much Tony and Tony could not be more grateful of - but it felt liked effort. That he had to go home, with a smile on his face and act like things were okay, to lick up Howard's Ass - and then receive backlashes for disproving his authority.
His arms, which have toned over the years of muscle work in the workshop, lifting metals and controlling blowtorches, are scarred and bruised in ways that Tony can't remember, and in ways he remembers very well, too. It's not evident, not from afar, of the inflicting that has stained the olive skin of his arms, back, chest; that cover tender flesh that's been beaten just as much, but whose marks have faded.
"What'd you do? Steal it from 'Tasha's?"
"This one?"Steve asks just to make sure, trying his best not to bend to pick up the backpack and not extending his arms down.
"I'm going for a run."Steve finally breaks the silence, tearing his eyes away from Bucky in fury, jaw clenched shut and nostrils flared in anger. He doesn't know why he's getting so worked up about this, Bucky is right, Steve barely knows Tony, but there's something itching under his skin that's telling Steve to defend Tony no matter what. And it's weird, yet another thing to add to the weird things about Tony Stark and what he does to Steve.
"I know that something happened,"His tone of voice has taken a softer edge than before because he knows that Tony is hurting, but Tony hates the idea of people knowing that despite how easily Rhodey figures it out. And it's like dancing around a ticking time bomb, because that's what Tony is sometimes, a bomb just ticking, filled with emotions and feelings and
"I could take you in a fight."
"I'm sorry, Tony."And she means it, Tony knows because this isn't her fault, Pepper is just the messenger. He sighs, rubbing his hand down his face because he's just so tired and he was stupid to think he would be given a break. Rhodey is silent up front and Tony knows that's not a good thing.
"But?"Steve prompts, hearing the but that hangs in the air. Steve is gently lifting the heart monitor from the bed, making sure not to tug at the wires that have been slipped under the thick hoodie and under the bandages that still bind Tony's chest so that the teenagers scars can heal and not get infected."Sorry,"Steve winces whenever he accidentally tugs at a wire while situation the monitor back on the stand.
"I was doing it-"
What sticks out, is the unmissable blue glow that is noticeable under the thick swabs of bandages that bind his chest. When Tony lists his hand - which takes more effort that he would like to admit - the tips of his fingers can see the sharp, curved edge of whatever is sticking 0.5cm out of the middle of his chest. It didn't hurt to touch, it was just abnormal and spiked Tony's interests further.
is the real me, not the one in the media, you have to believe that. You have to believe me."
."He seems to be the kind of guy that is always looking to fix things, whether that's directly because of his own fault or another's. God knows Stark Industries have done enough fault over the years, no matter how much they indorse into the military."
. Back to the safe comforts of his Warehouse, where he can nurse a whiskey bottle until dawn, or until the following dusk, forget that today had existed, forget that people existed, do what he had done all those years earlier when he was stupid and hurt.
"Because you're a social butterfly and have a prettier face to give bad news with."Strange quirks,  pausing to watch as Tony fixes the glasses on the bridge of his nose, a quirky white frame that holds it glass, clip his name tag to the breast pocket of his long sleeved black shirt. The blue of the Arc reactors light is dimmed by the black out shirt he wears underneath, but it does nothing to hire it completely.
Bucky, Tony, Steve etc are all 16 going on 17 or 17 (in Steves case ((it really depends when their birthday falls)). Rhodey is 19-20.
"Well I don't see any other electrical engineering students around here, do you?"Tony raises an eyebrow, bringing his cheeseburger back up to his mouth and taking another bite, once again letting out a delightful moan at the wonderful taste that attacks his tastebuds. Whatever the medical staff in this hospital were trying to feed him was not food, Tony knows his food and food does not have fur.
"Afternoon, Sarah."Tony flashes her his signature smile, full of teeth and playful innocence, a smile large enough that it causes the corners of his eyes to crinkle in the slightest. He's always glad to see Sarah, she's a darling and as previously mentioned, one of the few staff members to actually like Tony and don't find him a condescending asshole.
."Bucky's voice sort of dips into a sneer as he waves his hands about in a weird sort of gesture, face turned into a disapproving scowl as he gives the bed that Tony and Steve had been sharing the night before a disgusted sort of look before he continues."He goes back to his fancy collage Michigan-"
"Ew,"Tony scrunches up his nose, watching Steves actions."Take my backpack, it's over there."
"She's going to kill you, Buck."
"June 2nd."He coughs up the confession, watching how the various emotions seem to flicker through Tony's eyes in a matter of seconds before they settle on one.
"I swear to- stop this! Stop this right now!"Rhodey has grabbed Tony by the shoulders, spun him around until his back is to the kitchen counter, hands tight on his shoulders, Rhodey caging Tony's body with his own. Tony's face falls, eyes wide in shock and unsuspecting fear that bubbles under the surface before it's schooled, face set to match the frustrated anger and determination of Rhodeys own. They're breathing heavy, chests falling rapidly as Rhodey speaks quieter."Just fucking stop it."
"They're rumours."
"I will be."
"Why not you? You're a walking accident waiting to happen. I've never seen someone walk down a road and mysteriously trip on thin air and break his nose. How is that even possible?"
And so they had talked, Tony had dragged the pair away from the hustle and bustle of a charity event that he could no longer remember the known cause for and had taken the liberty of taking Bruce to his favourite 24 hour diner. They had talked over coffee, used sugar and straws to draw out equations and make make-shift blue prints and diagrams and had emptied their ideas at that diner booth until the sun was rising and the city began to bustle again.
"I'm not afraid of making you into a coffee maker."Tony threatens halfheartedly with a disapproving scowl, letting the shirt he had fell asleep in fall off his shoulders and onto the floor, something he'll deal with later this afternoon or maybe later this morning.
"He said he's getting the bus, so Phil is taking him home."Sharp and clairvoyant as always because over the years Natasha has mastered the art of knowing what people are going to say; or maybe she just knows Steve well enough of what
Tony's nausea seems to disappear immediately at the sight of Dumm-E whirling and beeping towards him, holding a fuzzy tennis ball in his claw and eagerly pushing it at Tony's stomach, nearly knocking Tony off of his feet but he's learning how to control his strength which is progress. It makes Tony's entire heart swell, a silly sort of smile to appear on his face because even if this 'bot tortures him, he's his baby.
(A snippet of Bruce and Tony’s friendship throughout the years)
"Hmm."Howard hums, his eyes casting towards to Tony. There's a look in the younger Starks eyes that dares Howard to speak ill mannerly towards Rhodey, ready to lash out at the man. Howard looks like he's about to open his mouth to say something more before he decides to close it, giving his son one last look before turning his attention to this wife."Dear, there's somebody that I want to introduce you to. Come with me."
, if I might recall."His sunglasses are pushed up into his hair, straightened and styled if only to look just a little bit presentable. With them off, Tony gets a good view of Stephen in front of him, tall and slender with magnificent grey eyes that Tony swears change to blue on bright summer afternoons, hair combed back and clean shaven.
The hug ends far too soon, with Sarah breaking it and taking a step away with a small smile. Never has a patient made such an impact on her life, it was terrifyingly odd but she doesn't feel regret towards it.
"I am,"Tony all but replies sullenly, coffee coloured brown eyes narrowed in on the doctor that enters further into a room. He was all kind smiles and Hellos, holding a thick file that Tony has no doubts about holds all of his medical records since his birth."Your staff seem to like prodding me with drugs to knock me out, so it is a surprise."
"That sounds about right."There's a clunk, the plastic bag dropped to the floor as Rhodey emerges closer to the stairs and nudges at Tony not unkindly."You might be small but you're fucking heavy and I'm not carrying you up a billion flights of stairs. Get up."
By the time that Tony re-emerges from the bathroom, hair brushed into a messy quiff with hair products he had found in the bathroom and in fresher clothes, there's less people than before. Phil has gone to work, Natasha had gone off and Thor had to be home for a family lunch.
His time lived on campus was what he would like to say, is a lot better than at home. Stark Mansion was too
"I'm-"
"What I see is between you and I. I'll show you mine if you show me yours."Tony wiggles his eyebrows jokingly, his index finger coming out to tap at the exposed rim of his Arc Reactor, poking through the shirt he put on that morning. James looks at him unexpectedly for a second before he nods, mostly out of curiosity than anything else because nobody gets to see what damage was left on Tony Stark.
There's a silence that follows, strung out, long and hesitant as Bucky longs to reach out, say something, snarky or defending or maybe even neural before he snaps his mouth shut with a clack of teeth. Steve can feel those steal blue eyes upon him, analysing him, roaming him before there's a sharp turn on heels, the ruffle of clothes, the shaking of door nobs that end in the slamming of a door, Steve releasing a gulp of air he didn't even know he was holding.
The television is on, bringing a sense of normality to Tony has to enters the living area of decorative chaos, rustling in the kitchenette off to the left, a toaster popping, a kettle boiling, a voice humming along to a tune on the radio. Tony hates cable television, especially their news broadcasts and he's about to find the remote, switch the channel, find something of better interest for a hungover Sunday, Friday, Wednesday, weekend, weekday, day of rest.
The funeral has been small. Jarvis and Anna had had no children of their own, or any family beyond the outskirts of the Starks, especially Tony, who had been in the arms of Jarvis and Anna during his infancy more than his own parents. Tony had watched the coffin lower into the ground with hands shoved into the pockets of his trousers, crisp and expensive, with a lowered head and a heavy heart as he dared to flicker his eyes off the coffin and to the outstretch of land in front of him.
"James! Language!"Mrs Barnes is shouting from a room away, earning a grumbled apology from Bucky and a roll of his eyes as he glares out the window at Clint who has a ridiculous grin plastered on his face.
"Emo?"
By the time Tony admitted to missing the rain, the water boarding began. As much as Tony is a chatterbox, a spitfire without a pause button, he wasn't a snitch. Stark Mansion was a chamber of secrets and Tony had become the gatekeeper to them all. Tony had so many things to say but his loyalty was built in stone, even if the locality was undeserving, Tony would rather die than to become a traitor to a company that his father had worked so hard to make what it is.
"Hello Tony."She smiles, bruising a strand of her falling blonde hair out of her eyes."I've been told -"She picks up the clipboard hung beside Tony's bed,"- that you've been refusing to eat any meals that the hospital provide you. Now, what's the case with that?"
"You obviously have friends,"
"God help the day he finds out that his son is a slut. Oh what shall I do."Tony dramatically places a hand over his chest, holding back the cringe as his hand brushes the arc reactor before he continues."Maybe he'll cut off my credit card or worse, have to talk to me about it."
"No one."Steve replies quickly, looking away from Clints questioning eyes. The blonde pouts, hooking his arm over the headrest and onto Steves shoulder.
"- Massachusetts -"
"Tony!"Rhodeys voice has changed from desperate to anger, slamming down the mug that had been cradled in his hands onto the kitchen table, to show his desperation, his anger, his confusion at Tony's frantic.
"Tones, I've been offered a position and,"Rhodeys words are half lost as he might as well be speaking into a void because Tony isn't listening to the words that he's saying now, but the words that Tony himself spoke moments before.
"Massachusetts Institute of Technology. It's where I live, technically, I'm a student there. Studying Electrical Engineering."He speaks as if Steve should know and maybe Steve
Despite his eyelids practically being glued to a close, Tony's eyes pop open quick enough in alert and shaking fear. There are bright lights beaming above him, making the teenager wince and have the urge to snap his eyes close once again, but he's too determined to see the damage done to his body.
"And I don't. I have a team of very equip, highly qualified and bright surgeons that-"
Tony can truthfully say that nothing tastes better than a cheeseburger, maybe coffee and sometimes his Aunt Peggy's special Apple Pie, but Cheeseburger is definitely in his top 5 list of favourite foods. He manages to finish in record time, disposing of the wrappers before they pull up at Stark Manor because god knows the fit that Maria Stark will take if she finds out her son is eating a cheeseburger when there's probably some fancy dinner planned to celebrate his recovery.
"And I wasn't family enough."This time, however, Tony's voice catches in those words, caught, stuck, constricted in such a way that it nearly breaks the dam of tears that have been threatening Tony for an awfully long time now. He tips his head towards the table, closing his eyes if only for a second only for when they open, for his vision to blur, pushing his face into his hands if only to hide his tears as frustration instead.
for what exactly?"
"The hand hovering over my crotch."Tony points out, his eyes casting down to where one of Obadiah's hands are hovering over Tony's clothed crotch, suddenly feeling very cornered and concealed now that the man has gotten him trapped between the brick wall and himself.
."Despite the venom Tony wishes was behind his voice as he spoke to the doctor, it comes out hoarse and throaty.
There's a bubbling feeling of anxiety in Steves stomach whenever he gets to Tony's hospital room floor and he isn't sure exactly why. It's not as if this is the first time they've met, it's the second actually but whatever. He knows Tony, they're friends - they've had that conversation a lot of times - and they've been texting nonstop since Christmas.
"-of what usually happens when it comes to fitting and placing a prosthetic limb. However, I and a surgeon that I will closely be working with, have noticed certain abnormalities to the remaining tissue of your shoulder that would be a perfect tissue candidate for a new prosthetic spec that we have designed and are wanting to trial. With you."Tony wants to pat himself on the back for keeping his voice so straight, so nullified and still.
, they're certainly not equip for the latest specs that you have created."
So the first window of opportunity that Tony had gotten, he used it as an escape route to get out of the cramped house, away from Steve's concerned little glances of
Buying and reselling cars was something that Tony had started doing as a past time back when he was at MIT, where instead of buying and reselling, he had done touch up jobs to busted Harley Davidson's or upgraded engines to shitty Ford Focus's in an attempt to ween needy upperclassmen off of him who either wanted his money or his mouth. It was also therapeutic, in a sort of weird way because it was an act that needed your undying attention in order not to cut his own wrist off of a sharp edge of metal but also one that took him out of his normal schedule too.
Tony, however, seems like a no go.
Steve is pushing the mountain of clothes that had been piled up onto his bed into the washing basket for him to put a load on, something in which he was supposed to do the other morning but had forgotten due to his mind being too occupied and worried about Tony coming down, which was a weird enough feeling to begin with, never mind actually abandoning all of his chores to make sure that everything was perfect for a guy that he barely knows.
to me."
"Tony..."Bruce had reached out as Tony began to leave, leave to do all of these tasks and more. People to see, things to look at, maybe take a look at that car rusting away in his workshop that he's been avoiding for years, update JARVIS, play with DUMM-E, tinker at You. Spend time with robots and A.Is that can't leave him.
."Clint lets out a hiss, head tipped back with a cackle at the shade that Tony is throwing Steve’s way, something that makes Steve’s entire face shine a beetroot red, all the way to the tips of his ears. There’s a bubbling sense of guilt forming in Steve’s stomach at that comment and it makes his frown deeper.
Maria is waiting whenever Tony trudges through the front door, his arms self consciously doing the best hiding of his Arc Reactor that can be done. It's something he's just going to have to deal with, live with it and if that's the case then he's just going to have to deal with his Mom complaining about it for the rest of his life.
song when you were 12 and it changed your life. You'd be a nice enough guy if it wasn't for the fact that you look like you drain the blood out of wounded animals for a living."
"It's just a simple question!"He protests."Just tell us Stevie and then we'll stop bothering ya'."
"I do look after myself."
"I'll try."He answers what she can't dare speak and then they're hugging, wrapped in one another's arms in the middle of the kitchen and Sarah can't help the feeling that she's hugging her little boy, not the big strapping lad that's actually wrapped in her arms because all she feels, and all she imagines is 5 year old Steve with scraped knees and a runny nose."I'll have Buck with me, don't worry."
"Is that sass?"If tony had his eyes open he'd be narrowing them at the ceiling. Tony can't remember programming his A.I with that much sass, or maybe he had, JARVIS was modelled after
"That's what life does to you, you out of all people should know that."Tony does some more tapping on his screen, running a hand through his hair as he stares down at his notes. This is more than enough to pass to Strange, let him have a run through of the details before passing them on. "Right, I'm done with you."
"No, I mean, why did you call me.
And so, he built JARVIS.
"What do you mean it's not your thing, you gave me the idea! You helped me, Bruce. You and I spent weeks and months looking over designs, worked on prototypes, tested it, and now you're telling me it's not your thin-"
"And you are. Your friends mean no harm, I mean okay I know that James hates me and Natasha is a little unnerving but it's fine, they're fine."Tony shrugs his shoulders, opening the sods cam and taking a drink from it.
"Next time, you're travelling with me."And there's nothing that Tony can say because he doesn't know what to say, or how to say it; no sassy, snarky remark or a gushy love letter written in the sand that he has stumbled over to get to Rhodey, to just touch and feel and be held by someone who Tony had thought he would never be able to see, to feel, to hear again. He collapsed, right there, right then, in the boiling sand that burned his exposed knees and the sun that he had been following for miles and miles setting behind the humps of golden sand. Gloved, frantic hands coming to catch him as he falls.
Tony falls back into his usual college routine, one that truly does play with ones sleeping and eating habits ( in which he sleeps none and 'eats' caffeine ) and resorts with Rhodey having to drag him by the scruff of his neck into a shower after his clothes is stained with the unusual mixture scent of motor oil, coffee and BO.
"Bad, then?"There's a sort of wince to his words as he scratches his nail over a carved marking on the wooden table, the initials or nickname of some student from years ago that had been carved into the wood, made to stay for decades to come as if people care for who they are.
"I'm sorry about your parents. I wanted to contact you to reach out my condolences but you're a hard to reach man."Bruce's voice had been so sincere and sympathetic and it would've make Tony's heart hurt if it wasn't for the fact that his heart stopped hurting years ago.
"I can't take your money, you're just a kid!"She stresses, watching the way that an unidentifiable emotion flickers through Tony's eyes before it disappears.
"I don't drink coffee."
is meddling with cybernetics."
"Oh yeah, a terrible life coming from the family of Billionaires. That must be so fucking hard."He spits with pure venom in his voice, a fire in his eyes, jealousy."Must be terrible to have always have money, to have whatever you want at a snap of the fingers, to be jetting off to one of your many homes around the world. You're so disadvantaged."
"You did that?"Steve finds himself asking before he's able to stop himself, and for fuck sake, what a stupid question because of course he did! Steve has been watching him fiddle with the monitor. Tony looks up with a start as if he had forgotten that Steve was still in the room, pushing his glasses back up his nose with the back of his hand, smearing grease from his cheeseburger over his forehead as he does so.
"I don't want him in here."He announces, opening his eyes and blinking away what stiffness he wasn't able to rub away. The blinds remain closed, shielding Tony from what light would sleek through. He stretches, hears a click in his neck before relaxing back into the sofa. "Tell him I'm at the Hospital, an important and not to be interrupted meeting with Doctor Strange. Strange will cover for me."
, they have been talking for a while now."It's such a relief to know I'm not going to be trapped in this god forsaken place
"I haven't even had breakfast yet."Tony finds himself semi-whining, turning on his heel to head back towards his bedroom, quick shower and change in order before he heads to the hospital for this
"What?"
"Oh, well, um, Saturday?"Tony actually has to stop and think, backtracking his days to figure out if that's correct or not.
It doesn't really surprise Steve whenever he finds Bucky already in his bed, curled up on his side and texting on his phone. It wasn't as if Bucky didn't have a key to the Rogers household, because he did, and it was for emergencies which were often ones like 'we've ran out of Doritos for our salsa dip' or 'Thor locked me out of Netflix again so I'm going to use yours' which Steve didn't mind.
"What happened."
“Aren’t we all?”
And there had been one figure that had unwillingly caught his eye as he stood ahead of a crowd of entrepreneurs and philanthropists as Tony spoke about the charity of the evening with so much enthusiasm that you would believe that Tony Stark himself would plant a tree for every dollar donated to the Burning of the Amazon foundation. Tony can't even remember pitching this idea but he's sure it was Obie's doing, jumping on the bandwagon of other philanthropists who did the same to feed the media frenzy.
"Why do you care? You seemingly dislike me enough."
"Tony is not my guy."Steve's cheeks are puffed out, red with growing embarrassment
"Wait-"
And maybe Steve knows
"Uh, some day, yeah."Steve scratches the back of his head awkwardly, opening the fridge as he rummages for eggs."Tony is a busy person. He's just out of hospital, Buck. And he starts second term next week in MIT."
"Tony!"And that one sound of his name, in that sweet familiar voice manages to make all of Tony's worrying thoughts disappear, melting the tension and the worry from his face as he's greeted with the welcoming grin that's plastered on Steve's face.
As promised, he buys Tony a coffee on his way up to his room, as well a a cup of tea for himself since he's never really been the coffee fan. As polite as ever, Steve says his Hellos to the staff that recognise him as being Sarah Rogers 'Little boy' and stops at odd times to chat with a couple of patients.
the pain.
"So it's a him!"
Sleep is something that Tony has never been ab,s to get the hang of, of course it wasn't as if he was an insomniac or had nightmares that made it unbearable for him to sleep, he just couldn't sleep and it has always been a problem. Ever since childhood, his set bedtime never meant a thing to Tony, being tucked into bed at a reasonable time would only resort to Tony awaking not even 3 hours later, wondering the halls for some sort of entertainment.
With a slow pace, the pair make it towards the grand hall that's only used for dinner parties and important business meetings that Tony is usually barred from. The atmosphere changes whenever they reach the opened doors, peering into the room almost shyly as if they're on the look out for a missing friend.
"Yeah, uh, I'll see if I can fit that in."
By the time that Pepper eventually used her emergency override protocols over JARVIS to inform Tony that he was currently
With that thought, Tony slowly peels his eyes open, vision blurry and grainy but he can spot the glass of water and painkillers that sit on the table just before his eyes fall shut, a smile on his lips as he pulls at the duvets to hopefully go back to sleep. If he's lucky, maybe he can sleep for another couple of hours or so before...before...
"If it's that much off damn problem I'll buy you a fucking cow, just please shut up before we get kicked out."Tony has his name on enough places were he has been kicked out and barred from, he would rather not have it in a supermarket as well. Let's not forget to mention that the press would kick up a fuss and Pepper would be on the next jet over to beat Tony's ass even if he wasn't the problem.
"You'll see me again, and anyway, I'm not all that good with goodbyes."Tony admits, offering Sarah the best smile that he can manage at this current time.
It's just how he and his group are and not only in private, but in public too. There's been occasions more than once where there's been questions thrown around the place on if Steve is dating Natasha because someone has maybe seen her linking arms with the blonde, or if Bruce and Thor are suddenly a thing because they once seen Thor forcefully shove a mouthful of jelly into the scientists mouth. They're ridiculous accusations and none of them will ever get sick of making fun of them.
"Oh, um, just some stuff. Like food."
"Spring Break, but only for a few days."There's more to the story, of course, because spring break has been set aside for party season in Malibu for the best part of the week off that has been planned back in September with Rhodey and a handful of other guys and girls that they've became mutual with. There's no doubt those plans will spread, but for now, it's a comfortable lot.
Luckily enough, the sensible voice is Steves voice reasons and Steve doesn't open his mouth and speak anything about the army.
Which isn't true, Steve
"I have to go,"Steve blurts, already making his way back into the hallway, having to force himself to look away from Tony's chest. Tony frowns."Sorry, I have to go. Now."Steve doesn't even stay to say goodbye, already making his way down the hallway and further away from Tony's hospital room, hoping that Natasha is waiting in the carpark.
"Oh, I am."Tony flicks a finger, spinning his hologram projection screens until the one he's looking for meets his eye, pushing it forward to the webcam and expanding it so that Bruce can take a good look at it. The physicist looks over it for a couple of seconds, narrowing his eyes before addressing Tony again.
"Fuck you."He pouts before he continues."You have that option too if you'd like, don't look at me like that, I know. Anyway, Jarvis is picking up your suit on his way back here, it's black, crisp and new. It'll suit you very well, I'm sure of it."
The Chevy was a gorgeous model, early 1950's, a chipped baby blue and with original cream leathered seats. Tony had bought it off a kid in Queens whose uncle had recently died, looking for an extra couple of bucks off a car he had no interest in that was just collecting dust and rust. It gave him something to do, got his hands dirty, got his head cleared, and it also gave DUM-E something to do too by collecting tools.
"Tony Stark."Tony grins, a smile that he only brings out when he has to be extra polite and greet people welcomingly. It's dazzling and charming, just like everything else is about Tony Stark. Bruce seems to hesitate as he goes to shake Tony's hand, looking like he has something to say and Tony swears that his heart nearly stops beating in his chest for that moment.
