“Did you ever turn that radio on again?” Tony asked him.
He didn’t even recognize himself in these versions.  The only thing they seemed to get right was his friendship with Bucky, and even that seemed sensationalized and tawdry.  There was no mention of the times Bucky had rolled his eyes as he’d dragged Steve up from the dirt, of their tacit agreement as Bucky tried to set him up with girls to cover for his less acceptable attractions, of their last argument at the enlistment center at the Stark Expo before he stopped being Steve Rogers and became Captain America.
Steve managed to get out into the hall and leaned heavily against the wall next to the doorway to Tony’s room.  His knees buckled, and he slid to the floor, burying his face in his hands.  The tears fell, from shame at leaving Tony when he was sick, from terror that he was going to die, from the loneliness and emptiness and sadness that had followed him since he’d woken up in the godforsaken time.
Tony laughed, and it sounded a little hysterical even to him.  “You know, that’s not that far off,” he replied.
Steve sobbed again, feeling the damp fabric of her tank top bunch up under his cheek.  He cried until exhaustion overtook him, falling asleep with his head buried in Natasha’s lap, her fingers combing through his hair.
,” he conceded.  “More of a — disagreement.”
He saw the face of his ma, blood on her face and eyes defiant.  But it wasn’t the face he recognized, with wrinkles at the corners of her eyes and a jaded look from living on the margins with a husband who preferred drinking over working.  It was a younger version, how she must have looked on Easter morning, 1916, with a rifle slung over her shoulder.  Her blond hair escaping from her braid, her blue eyes fiery and unyielding, the expression she must have worn defending the Post Office with her friends and fellow patriots, uncompromising in the face of an indifferent British government.  It was an expression of stubbornness he had seen on his own face many times, the expression that said this is the hill she was willing to die on.  It was the expression he’d seen on her face every time his father had taken a swipe at her, every time she got back up.
Tony wondered, but he was too tired to ask, too tired to think.  Almost too tired to breathe.
For a moment he felt light-headed.  Maybe Tony did remember.  Maybe at some point during Steve’s road trip he’d gone back in time only to return before Steve had gotten back to New York.
Steve’s hand was under his elbow, the barest help as Tony stood with a cup in one hand, his weak arm braced as he stood from the chair.  It was surreal, Tony thought, as they took the subway to Brooklyn — Steve had lived so many years under Tony’s care, first at the tower and then at the compound upstate.  He’d thought of Steve many times over the years: what he was doing, if he was happy, what shape his life had taken with Sam and Bucky by his side.  But he’d never thought about where Steve was living, what his home might look like.  And here he was, Steve once again leading him, his broad shoulders making space for Tony in the crowds on the subway, a gentle touch on his back guiding him on where to go, a soft word to help Tony along.
“‘Til the end of the line,” Bucky said, but Steve could see he didn’t believe it, at least not in that moment.
“I —“ Steve tried to protest again before he stopped to actually consider her question.  “I can’t remember,” Steve said after a long pause.  He gestured up at the building, trying to figure out a way to explain.  “It was different back then — it was the Depression.  No one had the kind of money to live alone.  At least no one I knew, and certainly no one who lived in Brooklyn.  Maybe if you lived in Manhattan.  You were born into your family, you lived with your family your whole life, and then you died surrounded by your family.  Maybe you got married and moved out, maybe you had kids, but by the time your kids were grown, your parents moved in because they need someone to help take care of them.  If you didn’t have family, you lived with friends who were as good as.  If you were lucky, you only shared a bathtub with your neighbors.  If you were unlucky, you also shared a toilet.”
He could do this.  He could build something in this world too.  If they could drag tons of limestone and granite 750 miles, Steve could build something between him and Tony here.  He thought about what Natasha had been trying to tell him, about how Tony tried to fix things because it was safe.  It made him useful.  Maybe Tony was also trying to reach out, in his own convoluted way.
Steve came up behind him, and Tony could sense the warmth radiating off him.  “It’s you,” he said softly, his breath ghosting over Tony’s neck, his warmth seeping into the scars.  “It was always you.”
Steve felt the world tip on its axis for a moment, his head swimming.  Then it righted itself, and Steve was grateful that Bucky was still holding him up by his arm.  “What the hell do you mean, he’s gone?  He wasn’t even fit for a haircut, let alone able to get up and walk out.”
Natasha smiled at him, a softer expression that she’d had earlier.  “Good.  Now what did Tony do yesterday?”
Steve reeled back, feeling the blow as if Bucky had physically struck him.  He wanted to shout a thousand things back at Bucky: that the US hadn’t been at war then; that he’d been able to see a future for himself when he looked at Tony; that he had an obligation to defend his country from bullies who thought they could take whatever they wanted without any fear of consequences.
.  There was nothing after that, no plan, no life to go home to, no getting back to normal.  Not even the thought of a relationship with Agent Carter was enough to think beyond the assault on the Red Skull’s base.  That’s all there was for Steve: the mission to take out Schmidt and stop Hydra.  After that — well, there wasn’t anything after.
“That’s what they teach you in the Army though,” Steve replied.  He looked back out over Manhattan.  “It’s this tacit understanding.  It’s why you study all the old battles and tactics.  It’s why we have mission debriefs.  It’s the idea that if you do everything right — no mistakes, everything in order, one right after the other — then everyone lives.  That’s the goal, right?  No man left behind.  No casualties.  If we just do it right.”
“Steve,” Tony tried again, the words catching in his throat.  “Steve is Sarah’s son.  I’m just a friend.  Tony.  Here to drop off a letter from him and pick one up from her.”
“Bucky’s going to kill me,” Steve said with a shake of his head, “but I can’t just leave you here like this.  Want to come to my apartment and get cleaned up?”
He shoved his hands into his pockets and started walking away.  Natasha fell in next to him, slipping an arm through one of his elbows.  “I guess I expected a little more enthusiasm about that idea, even if it’s impossible.”
“Whatever you want,” Steve choked out through his tears, “I’ll get you whatever you want, Tony.”  He gathered Tony to his chest, gently cradling him in his arms.
“I would never have just left,” Tony whispered back.  He reached around Steve’s neck and pulled at the beaded metal chain around his neck.  The dog tags slid out from under Steve’s t-shirt, and Tony held them in the palm of his hand.  The metal was warm from the heat of Steve’s body, and there, hanging next to the tag with Steve’s name, service number, a date, blood type, family contact, and religion, was the silver St. Monica medal.
That afternoon, armed with a couple of letters from Steve, he walked from their tenement building to Brooklyn City Hospital.  It was a sunny October day, and the weather was just starting to transition from the blazing heat of summer to the crisper days and cool nights of fall.  The leaves were starting to turn, and Tony was enjoying the bursts of color here and there.
Bucky had pulled a fast one on Tony, and he couldn’t be anything but impressed.  The radio had been an audition, and apparently Tony had passed with flying colors.  The plan for him to go to the tailor had maybe the secondary gain of  getting him appropriate clothes of his own, but clearly the more important point was to advertise Tony’s presence and skill set.
Steve showed her the Navy Yard where Bucky had worked and where their tenement apartment used to be.   She was surprisingly quiet during his stories about Bucky, watching with her bright, thoughtful eyes that didn’t miss a single thing.  “You still miss him,” she said, merely stating a fact, as they stood on the sidewalk, looking up at the building that had since been gutted and remodeled many times over.
Even when he had nothing, he’d had Bucky.
They had won.
“That’s a long way for a bottle to travel, all the way from Ireland.”  Steve blinked for a moment as tears pricked at the corners of his eyes, suddenly placing the smell.  His ma and da had drunk Slane’s on special occasions, when they had still been able to afford such luxuries.  Before they had been forced to immigrate due to the great famine. Before the drink had taken his da, and consumption his ma.
Steve shook his head and looked back down the street, away from the red brick.  In his mind, he could still see it so perfectly — the radio in the kitchen, the boiler keeping the kitchen warm, the afghans on the back couch, the drafting table with his latest project, the two twin beds in the back room.  But the apartment — and the life that he had lived there — didn’t exist any more.  It was gone, as if it had never existed, like the body Steve had lived in for so many years before Project Rebirth.  “I guess.”
Steve arrived two days before his birthday, and he spent July 3rd buying a pack and camping equipment to hike to the bottom.  The next day, on what was either his 27th or 94th birthday, depending on how you counted it, he set off from the North Kaibab trailhead to follow the path down into the canyon.  The hike was grueling, even for him, the path carved out from the wall of the canyon with only inches separating the canyon wall on one side from the fatal drop on the other.  The path was made up of red and gray stone, and the arid air meant he kicked up dust in plumes as he hiked, coating his boots, socks, and legs.  When he stopped for a drink or to get food out of his pack, he found the dust on his bag and t-shirt, the only clean spaces where the straps came over his shoulders.  Steve felt like it formed a cloud around him, surrounding him and suffocating him, as he made his way deeper into the canyon.  It blanketed everything, clinging to him; it was his burdens made tangible, soaking into every pore until he knew he could never scrub it all off.  Even the sky reminded him of everything he was trying to leave behind; he looked up at the clear blue framed on both sides by the red rock, white clouds making fluffy dots between the rims, and alternately it made him think of the Valkyrie and the arc reactor.
Steve immediately flushed, the redness creeping out from under the collar of his t-shirt onto the back of his neck.  “It’s called darning,” he said, and Tony could see the muscle twitching in his jaw, it was clenched so tightly.
things, he can at least try to fix what he can.”  Natasha threw her towel after his, and they started across the gym towards the exit.  “Look — it’s what he does.  It’s what he learned to do.  He thinks he needs to be useful, and it’s safer for him to do that than talking to you about feelings — either yours or his.  He tries to anticipate what your problems are and fix them before they ever show up.  It’s why he gave Rhodey an Iron Man suit and Pepper SI when he thought he was going to die from palladium poisoning.”
Tony took a few steps back from Loki, dropping his hands to fire the repulsers and take off.  At the same time, Loki ripped his hands apart and made a throwing gesture.  The green ball of light launched towards Tony.  Loki had aimed a little high, but when Tony took off, the green light hit him square in the arc reactor.  The last thing he saw before the world exploded into green light was Steve jumping down from the elevated part of the terrace, his arm extended as his shield left his hand.
“That’s enough,” Steve cut him off.
Wrapping his arm up around his shoulder, Tony turned Steve to face him, his hands on Steve’s shoulders.  Tony sat on the concrete ledge and pulled Steve into him, bracketing his body with his arms around his shoulders and his legs around his hips.  Steve clung to him, burying his face in Tony’s neck, the tears coming freely now.
Steve grabbed her arm, stopping them both short, and spun her around to face him.  “Wait,” he said.  “What did you say?  He’s dying from palladium poisoning?”
“Smash!” Hulk agreed, running towards the giant.
Homesickness washed over him, and he longed for Brooklyn during the Depression, the tenement apartment, with its shared bath and small rooms, the radio and the boiler, his drafting table and his art supplies.  Maybe it wasn’t as lavishly appointed, maybe it lacked an AI butler who would order him anything he wanted at any time of day or night, maybe he had alternately been too hot or too cold there depending on the season — but he’d been happy there, at least for a while.
“Do you want to go back?”
Tony turned to see Bucky watching them, something soft in his expression.  “I’ll stay with him,” Tony repeated, and Bucky nodded in response.
It had been a long time since Tony had had friends, if he had ever really had them in the first place.  Sure, there were Pepper and Rhodey, but they had never settled into each other’s lives the way that Natasha, Clint, and Bruce had settled into his.  Pepper travelled for SI, and that was an easy excuse as their relationship slowly crumbled, never to recover after she’d watched him go into the wormhole.  She wasn’t able cope with the stress of wondering if he would come home, wondering if that missed call was the last she’d ever get from him, wondering if she’d find out about the death of Iron Man on the news.  Rhodey had his other obligations as well, and while they came back together as if he’d never been gone, he was certainly gone a lot in between those times.
Steve was still struggling to believe he’d been chosen when Dr. Erskine sat him down the night before his procedure to talk with him.  There had been music playing from one of the other barracks, and Steve almost couldn’t take the sound.  It reminded him too much of Tony and his ma, and it felt like the failures of his life were pressing in, crowding around him until he doubted everything, especially his ability to live up to Dr. Erskine’s expectations.
Tony had been so sure that Steve could, and all he’d done was let Tony down.
“I —“ Tony started.
“What are you grinning at?” Tony stopped mid-stream about water rights in California and how inefficient the current system was.
There was certainly no mention of their last night together before Bucky left for Europe, of the unspoken fears on both sides as Bucky got on that train.
Had Howard built the thing in Tony’s chest?
Tony’s chest moved evenly as he breathed easily, Steve’s head slowly rising and falling with every breath.  He kissed Tony’s chest gently.  He settled, content, and closed eyes again.  He could be happy here — as long as he and Tony were together.
“I have a deal with Banner,” Tony explained.  “He uses it for his elixirs, and I help cover the importation cost.”
Tony turned back towards the wardrobe and startled, shocked to find Steve standing in the doorway, his eyes wide as he looked at Tony’s chest.  His hands were frozen at his sides, and Tony knew there was no point in trying to hide the reactor.
What the hell were they even fighting for?  It was always important, so incredibly important, so that someone somewhere could have a little more power, pretending to control the Tesseract.  Did that person even care who died?  Did it matter that everyone else had to give up something so that one person could have a little more power?  A power so incomprehensible it could tear open the heavens and destroy a person in mere seconds, that it could melt through metal and survive being dropped thousands of feet into the ocean?
He saw the look of fear on Bucky’s face as he boarded the train, the vulnerability when he admitted that he thought Steve was braver.  The look of pride Bucky always tried to conceal when he found Steve in yet another alley, knocked down in the dirt by another bully but still unwilling to give up.  He saw the flash of relief in Bucky’s eyes when Steve had said this wasn’t it — this wasn’t the end of the line.
“Well, for what it’s worth, I think it’s also the head injury.  I feel pretty — confused,” Tony settled on, and he flushed even more than he already was, obviously embarrassed at having to admit he was operating at less than full mental capacity.
“I — I didn’t know that,” Tony said.  He crossed his arms over his chest and looked out the window, trying to imagine what the skyline looked like to Steve, who had known a very different New York City than the one before them now.
Shivering, Tony tightened his fingers, giving Steve’s a short squeeze.  “Coffee?” he prompted, noticing the color high on Steve’s cheeks.
.  “It’s still the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” he whispered, reverent.
His mother’s family, still in Brooklyn, had held a mass for her in this same church, and he remembered crying during that service.  It had been quieter and more intimate.  There hadn’t been Senators and Congressmen, the President, and the Director of Shield, each clamoring for a moment with Tony to express their regrets and tell him how wonderful Howard was, how important he had been to the country.  That had only been family.  He remembered only a little more from that service: a warm hug from his Auntie Luc, one of his cousins singing
But when Tony grabbed his pile of socks and the one out of his hands, complete with the darning egg still inside, it was hard to see it as anything but a personal indictment.  Steve felt his mouth work, still staring at the trash can where Tony had dumped all of it, but no sounds came out.
With it was Loki.
The elevator opened out into the small waiting area of the medical suite, where the lights were off for the evening.  There was no formal front desk, as the facilities were only for the Avengers, and Natasha slipped through the shadows and between the chairs swiftly.  Steve marveled at her for a moment, the way she was completely silent, somehow even the rustle of her clothing inaudible to his serum-enhanced hearing.  As she moved past the glass divider that separated the waiting room from the hallway leading to the treatment rooms, Steve followed her, reluctance slowing his footsteps.
On his bunk in the barracks, in the middle of the night when he was surrounded by the susurrus of the other men breathing in their sleep, he despaired about being able to make it through the training.  There were glimmers of hope: getting the flag, the grenade, never giving up.  But those seemed few and far between when compared to his ongoing failures: the obstacle course, morning calisthenics, carrying a pack, running.  He could feel Dr. Erskine’s eyes follow him, see the conversations he had with Colonel Phillips and Agent Carter, sense the expectation that he live up to the opportunity he’d been given.  He wanted to take their clipboards and throw them away.  He wanted to point out that Hodge was a bully, just for the “right” reasons; that Bolton was lazy; that Dickenson had probably never had an original thought of his own and just did whatever he was told; that McNally was a compulsive liar.
He eased Tony down into his bed and lay behind him, pulling the blankets over them.  Tony was stiff, and Steve could still feel jerky movements of his chest as he took short, sharp breaths.  Steve drew Tony into his chest, and Tony relaxed in his arms,  He rolled over, pushing his face back into Steve’s shoulder, his head pillowed on Steve’s arm.  Steve sheltered him in his arms, cocooning him in the warmth of the small room, their blankets a nest of comfort and safety.  After a long time, Tony’s breath evened out, and his tears dried.
Steve produced a screwdriver from somewhere, and Tony took the back panel off the radio.  The first problem he found was that the wiring attached to the power supply had corroded.  He borrowed a straight blade from Steve and carefully stripped a small section from the wiring before reattaching the individual strands back to the power supply.  He then tightened down the screws to the speaker, reducing the vibration to stop the buggy buzzing interference that was probably happening and give it a better sound.  At some point while Tony was working, he looked up to find that Steve was gone, presumably back into the other room to work on his drawing.
Tony took his hand, feeling a complicated mix of reassurance, confusion, and wonder at this second chance.  Steve’s hand was thin and small, and Tony could feel the bones gently come together as he squeezed.  But Steve’s grip was firm and confident, if not strong.  “Tony Stark,” he answered, and his hand came away with a smudge of graphite from Steve’s.
“He told me —“  Steve had to stop, feeling the tears choke him and close off his throat.  He cleared it roughly.  “He told me that, if he could, he’d give it to me in an instant.”  A quiet sob worked its way out of his mouth, and Steve hid his face again.  “Where is that Tony Stark, Nat?  Where is that man, who wanted to give me the most beautiful thing in the world?”
Delirious from pneumonia, Tony had spent the day talking to someone named Jarvis, asking him for schematics, to adjust projects, and to run scenarios.  He would wave his hands in the air as though conducting an orchestra.  He also kept demanding smoothies from a dummy.  Every time he looked at Steve — really looked and saw him — he would call Steve Cap and ask why he was here.  It broke Steve’s heart every time.  He didn’t know how his ma and Bucky had done this for him so many times.  It was worse when he fell asleep, because at least if Tony were talking, Steve could make sure he was breathing.
Steve was going to find out what happened to Tony after he disappeared from his bed in January, 1940.
The next two weeks passed in a flurry of activity.  Steve went to six separate draft boards with a new address.  Each time, he’d barely get past the first diagnosis on his medical history before his form was taken and stamped with 4F.  He kept his small pile of rejection forms hidden from Bucky.
“Yeah?” Steve answered, still clearly not sure where this was going.
“Like you can breathe again?” Tony supplied.
Tony nodded.  “I think I impressed him with the radio.  He told everyone we met on the street about it, after introducing me as a cousin of his.”
Tony stared at the ceiling for a long time, struggling to relax in the strange, small bed in an unfamiliar place with someone sleeping nearby.  Steve’s breathing was heavy and not always even, with a faint wheeze that came and went at irregular intervals.  Tony certainly didn’t know either Steve well enough to know if he were asleep or not simply based on his breathing.  Finally, however, exhaustion from the fight with Loki, the shock of being in a new time, and the heightened awareness of nothing being easy overtook him.
There were at least fifty studies of it.  Close-ups with the sharp lines forming a triangle in the center.  Some showing just part of it and where it was set into the metal casing.  Drawings of Tony himself, usually half-turned with a startled expression, the thing in his chest at an angle.  Other sketches of a hand covering it, the light still shining through.  Only one was straight on, and it was clearly from after Tony had gotten sick.  Steve had drawn him asleep, sweaty and tangled in the sheets, one hand thrown over his chest up by his collarbone, leaving the blue thing completely visible.  It was one of the few pictures with color, and the only thing Steve had shaded in was the — whatever it was — in the center of Tony’s chest.
Bucky shook his head, more in disbelief than disagreement.  “Depends how close the picture is,” he said, running a hand through his short hair.  “But you know that.”  He moved into the kitchen, yelling over his shoulder, “Guess we have to go and see for ourselves.”
“Do you think he’d mind if we woke him up?  I have something I need to tell you.”
believe that this will last forever.  So your mind and your body make sure you remember how to just get by.  Just in case.  And you really didn’t like it when Tony laid all of that bare for everyone to see.”
But he was wrong.  It wasn’t Tony who sucker punched him.  It was Jarvis.
Outside, under the light of the full moon, Steve found Tony on his hands and knees in the dirt, vomiting onto the ground.  Coughing and retching, Tony gasped and sobbed between heaves until nothing but clear liquid came up.  Steve gathered the blanket up to keep it out of the dirt and vomit and knelt next to Tony, putting a hand on his back.  Tony glanced over, eyes watering, although Steve couldn’t tell if it was from emotion or the burn of the acid in his mouth and throat.
“If they need guys so badly they’re pulling them off the Navy Yard,” Steve started, but Bucky cut him off.
“Spoken as an only child,” Loki said.  “Thor still misses his brother, the companion of his childhood.  We
For Steve’s birthday, Tony brought three tickets to the Dodgers/Phillies game.  He let Bucky in on the secret so he could plan his sleep schedule but surprised Steve that morning.  Steve was sitting at the table, sleepily shoveling in some scrambled eggs Tony had gotten from someone the day before when Tony set the tickets on the table and slid them over to Steve.
Tony made a circuit around the terrance but didn’t see any other threats.  He nailed his superhero landing in front of Loki and didn’t even destroy the brick.  He also had the feeling that that was the last time things were going to go well for him.
“I can have the doctor come talk to you if that’ll make you feel better,” Tony offered.
Natasha stopped, and, with her arm threaded through Steve’s, it pulled him to a stop as well.  “Are you feeling all right, Steve Rogers?  Is Brooklyn no longer home to you?  I thought you made it a point to tell everyone you met that you’re just a boy from Brooklyn!”
They were Bucky’s pajamas — the last clean pair they’d put on Tony, 72 years ago.
They walked in silence for a few blocks before Steve led Tony into a small coffee shop, his hand at the small of Tony’s back.  It was cozy with dark wood and couches, the murmur of patrons filling the space.  “Still drink an Americano with an extra shot?” Steve asked, pulling out his wallet.  “My treat.”
Steve gently cradled the monitor in his hands, the display a mirror image of the monitor above the hospital.  It felt small and precious to him, as though Tony had handed off a piece of himself to Steve.
He didn’t even come close.
They made their way back to the couch and lay down, Steve with his head resting on Tony’s chest.  The tears came for a long time for both of them, and Tony could feel the tension ebb from Steve’s shoulders as he finally set down so many of the burdens he’d been carrying for so very long: the loss of his mother and Tony and Bucky; the loss of the world he’d grown up in and known; the loss of the Commandos and Peggy; the loss of any sense of home and belonging.
They sat together in silence on the couch until Bucky eventually fell asleep, tired from the excitement and his day at work.  Steve stretched out alongside him and closed his eyes, feeling the steady rise and fall of Bucky’s chest as he breathed.  He hadn’t admitted it earlier, but he was still chilly from his frantic search outside, and Bucky’s warmth seeped through his clothes, slowly warming him.
He should have died on the Valkyrie, not been frozen and recovered only to wake up in 2012.  The sounds and lights from Times Square had been overwhelming, and Steve had blinked at Director Fury, unable to say anything more than he’d had a date.  But the apartment they’d given him in Brooklyn — it was even worse than the noise and chaos of Manhattan.  Someone had clearly spent a lot of time trying to make it comfortable for him.  It was laid out in railroad fashion, much like his tenement apartment, but everything was just
“We weren’t arguing,” Steve shot back, but even he had to admit his tone was a little defensive.  Natasha raised both her eyebrows, and Steve had to resist the urge to duck his head.  “Well, okay.  But it wasn’t really an
particular inflection would be filtered out by the suit.  It was never a good sign when Jarvis started making those kinds of adjustments.
Natasha sighed, stepping back out into the hallway.  “You know where to find me when this doesn’t work out the way you think it should,” she tossed over her shoulder as she left.
When he looked over, Tony was studying him, his expression inscrutable, like he was seeing Steve for the first time as a particularly interesting problem he had never considered before.  “See?” Tony said, shaking the monitor a little.  “Good as new.”
His head snapped up.  Recognizing that voice — how could he forget it, after everything? — Tony searched the crowd before he settled on the familiar broad shoulders, the blond hair, the blue eyes.
“You’re not wrong, though.  I do sometimes cut how much I eat.”
After that, Tony did his best to stay out of Steve’s way.  He had Jarvis tacitly track what Steve preferred to eat in the common area and order it with his groceries, but they didn’t discuss it further and Tony didn’t personally monitor it.  Tony also had Jarvis stop tracking any other information about Steve.  He began to work through dinner to give Steve some space.  He dumped all of the information Jarvis had collected about Steve’s eating habits into Bruce’s data files and wiped it from his own.
“There’s not,” Steve cut him off again.  He looked out over the city, willing himself not to look over at Tony.  He didn’t want to see the expression on Tony’s face that followed that offer, the brittle one that said he just wanted to fix the problem so it would go away.  Steve remained there motionless, stonily gazing out the window, until Tony had gone.
Steve made his way through the living room, which boasted a truly sad couch with a couple of afghans thrown over the back pushed against the inside wall.  There was another window across from the couch that looked down onto an alley and a radio in the corner.  The next room boasted another window looking over the alley, a drafting table nearby to take advantage of the light, and an empty easel.  There were some partially finished drawings on the drafting table, as well as some pencils, an eraser, and pieces of charcoal.  A stool was tucked underneath, and next to the table on the floor was a milk carton of art supplies.  Steve put his finger to his lips and gestured for Tony to wait.
Steve moved into the room, his bulk becoming indistinct around the edges as he moved past the light from the hallway.  He hovered in that space that was not quite the room but definitely not the hallway, uncertain.  “No,” he said, his face away from Natasha as he watched Tony sleeping on the bed.  “I don’t think I am.”
It was hard to shake the feeling it would happen again — it was just a matter of time.
Steve looked over Tony’s shoulder at the Guggenheim’s distinctive facade, his expression thoughtful.  “I think she’d understand.  Pepper’s kind of that way too,” he offered.
“I’m not sure what you mean,” Steve answered.  “Do you not want me here?” He added, glancing behind him to the others.  Bruce had also paused in cutting up vegetables, now paying attention to their conversation.
A couple hours later they were both sprawled out on the mat, staring up at the ceiling.  Natasha was breathing hard, one arm thrown over her face, and Steve could feel sweat pooling underneath him on the mat.  “Feel better?” Natasha asked him, reaching over to the edge of the mat to throw a water bottle at him.
He could feel the edges of the space her death had left behind, the space she no longer occupied in his life.  He’d worried at those edges, had worn them smooth the same way he’d worn down the sharp lines on the St. Monica medal by running his fingers over the engraving.  The loss of Bucky — and even the loss of Tony, those edges splintered again by seeing this version of him, so different than his Tony — those edges were still sharp, and they cut at him when his mind sought out those contours.  His mind had returned to the memories of them together — both time spent with Bucky and Tony individually as well as all three together — so many times, going over them the way his fingers sought out the carving on the silver St. Monica medal, soothing his mind and helping him work through his grief.
The first time he’d eaten as much as he wanted, he’d thrown it all up.  Even with the serum, the austerity of war and the memory of the Depression had overwhelmed him, and the waste of the food had made him feel profoundly guilty.  He was more careful after that, making sure to stop well before he was full, eating many small meals instead of three large ones.  But it made him wary.  He felt better eating around other people, enjoying the social aspect of it once Natasha, Clint, and Bruce made it part of their daily routines with him.  It helped him to feel less lonely, like he was finding new pieces that he could put together, filling in all the empty spaces in his life.  It was a way to make sense of the 21st century, to form some tentative bonds with the people he now lived with.
Tony laughed, and Bucky glanced over at him.  “I picked up on that,” Tony said.
Steve shook his head and looked away, the moment suddenly heavy and intimate, and he heard the sound of glass on wood as Tony set the bottle down on the table, the chair creaking as Tony sat down heavily.  Moving away, Steve stripped out of his vest and belt, hanging them on the pegs hammered into the wall by the door.
As he pointed the noise of the plane towards the water, he’d felt at peace.  He would finally see his ma again, and Bucky, even though he’d only been dead a few days.  Once he put the plane in the water, once he had fulfilled his ultimate purpose and the war was won, Steve would be able to hug his ma and give her a kiss.  He’d feel Bucky’s hand on his shoulder, telling him he’d done good, pal.  Maybe even Tony would be there.
“Maybe one of the neighbors let him in,” Steve said, trying to get past Bucky to go out in the hallway.  They struggled again, and Steve managed to push Bucky into the wall next to the door.  He reached over, pulling the door open, but Bucky grabbed him around the waist so he couldn’t get out.  Bucky’s momentum overbalanced them both, and they tumbled to the floor.  Bucky lunged, pinning Steve down.  “I need to go ask them,” Steve pleaded, banging his fists on the floor.  He then crossed his arms, putting his forehead down onto them so Bucky couldn’t see the tears in his eyes.  “Maybe they’ve seen him,” he added, his voice muffled.
“Look, Steve, I —“
, saw beyond the scrawny worthless Steve Rogers, who instead saw him as something worthwhile.  Valuable.
Natasha’s expression softened at that.  “Now would be a good time,” she said, gesturing towards the stairs.
“Tony,” he interrupted, and Steve was surprised to find a sudden vulnerability there.  “Everyone calls me Stark.  But I want —“  He faltered for a moment, dropping his head to his chest and picking at the label on the bottle, before correcting himself.  “I’d like you to call me Tony.”
Tony grabbed Steve’s wrist to get him to stop, but it was no use with the super strength.  “It’s okay, Steve,” he said, and he fumbled around in the sheets until he came up with the nasal cannula.  Tony popped it back into his nose, looping it behind his ears.  He then pulled the monitor back out.  The saturations — conveniently in blue — were at 83%.  Steve sat heavily on the bed next to Tony, and they watched together as the numbers came up until it was at 98%.  “See?  Good as new.”
“Brooklyn?” Steve answered a little sharply.  “When was the last time you were in Brooklyn?”
Natasha stood and grabbed his wrist.  Initially he resisted her pulling him to his feet before giving in.  Her grip was tight enough he could feel the skin pinching between her nails, the bones in his wrist grinding a little when he rotated his forearm in her grasp.  She stalked over to the elevator and punched the button angrily.  It arrived almost immediately, and she pulled him in before the doors were fully open.  She let go of his wrist and stabbed at the floor for the medical suite, crossing her arms tightly over her chest when she stepped back next to him.
“You would have liked her, and she you,” Steve told Natasha as they walked back down the hill to their car, the grass a brilliant emerald under their feet.  “She fought in the Easter Rising for Ireland’s freedom.  She only came to America because my father made her.  She was the bravest person I ever knew.  She didn’t know how to stay down.”
“Bucky said he doesn’t mind you sharing the bed while he’s at work,” Steve said.  “He also left you something more comfortable to sleep in.”  He led the way to the bedroom at the back of the apartment, which was simply furnished with two twin beds beneath the window overlooking the alley, a nightstand shared between the two, and two wardrobes, one of which was thrown open to show neatly hanging dress shirts and pants hanging on racks with a basket in the base and a few pairs of shoes.
Steve watched the sun rise over the horizon, the golden light suffusing Brooklyn before it hit the East River, knowing that just over a mile away, the last survivor who was still in the hospital after the Battle of New York was on the helipad, watching his last sunrise with his family.
Tony found that his mouth was open but, lacking any idea whatsoever on what to say after that, he closed it.  Four pairs of eyes turned towards him.  Steve slowly put down the roll in his hand and braced both hands on the counter, causing his shoulders to bunch up.  He hung his head, staring down before asking pointedly, “Do you track this information on everyone?”
Without any lights, he could see the stars so far above in the small strip of sky visible between the north and south rims.  Even outside, with the sound of the water running by and the open space around him, he felt like the walls of the Grand Canyon were closing in on him, that the suspension bridge was getting shorter, pulled tight between them.  He closed his eyes, trying to dismiss the oppressive feeling, and forced himself to remember.
“You’re going to have to move a little faster in the field,” Natasha said in the elevator as they went up to the landing pad where the quinjet was waiting, raising one eyebrow at him.
The silence was transformed this time, and when Steve turned back to Tony, pulling his shirt off his shoulders and hanging it up next to his vest, Tony’s face was slack with shock, his eyes wide and his mouth open.  He seemed to register what Steve had said and closed his mouth with a snap.  “You,” Tony said accusingly, “are far too observant.”
“You know about Morgan’s exhibit?”
“You’re the bravest son of a bitch I know,” Bucky said, and his voice broke at the end.
The pain was the worst thing he had ever felt.  It burned through every muscle down to his bones, searing through him like a wildfire.  He heard screaming, and it took a moment for him to realize he was making that sound.  He felt ashamed, knowing he wanted to remain silent and stoic in the face of getting what he’d always wanted — a chance to make a difference, to be allowed to do the things he knew he was capable of.
He appreciated the design.  Unlike the railroad apartment in Brooklyn that Shield had provided him, this apartment made no attempt to conceal that it was a modern apartment in a modern building in Manhattan in the 21st century.  The railroad apartment had almost been insulting that way; he may have undergone one of the most dangerous and experimental medical treatments in human history, but Shield had decided he couldn’t live in an apartment that didn’t resemble one from the 1930s.  It was as if Shield pretended enough, they could continue the fiction they’d started when he’d woken up in that fake convalescent room, listening to the Dodgers game he’d already heard.  The Brooklyn apartment had been all wrong in the same way.   Maybe it looked like a Depression era apartment — but only if you hadn’t
“Much as I want to do that, I think it’s better I stay here,” Cap answered slowly, his face pinched with concern.
He came back awake with a jolt to find Steve shaking him by the shoulder.  An alarm was pinging in the background, but all of Tony’s attention was on Steve, who looked wholly and totally panicked.  “— to wake up, Tony,” Steve was saying frantically when Tony was able to track his words, “your oxygen is low, you said you’d be okay —”
“Yeah, you got the raw end of that deal,” Steve said.  “I think Natasha might like it.”
Steve felt himself relax into the couch cushions, tension leaking out of his muscles until he felt calmer than he had since he’d woken up.  He hadn’t realized how relieved he would feel once someone else knew.  “He got pneumonia, right before Christmas.  He was okay for a while, but it got so bad he couldn’t even catch his breath to go up or down the stairs in our tenement building.  I helped him draw a bath with peppermint and eucalyptus oil to help him breathe easier.  Then I put a towel over his head to help catch the steam, because that can help loosen things up.”  Steve paused, gesturing to his chest with one hand.  “I had a lot of experience with that,” he added.  “I could tell he hated it.  He had a breakdown — what do you call it now? — a panic attack.  From the wet towel over his face.  Well, and probably because he couldn’t breath from the pneumonia.  So I had him lean on the edge of the tub instead and draped the towel over his shoulders and arms.  It helped him relax.”
“It’s not,” Steve answered.  “Don’t say that.  Don’t you ever say that.  I don’t care where you go or what happens to you, I’ll find you.  You hear me, you goddamn punk?  This isn’t it for us.”
Tony tipped his head back, looking over his shoulder towards Steve.  “But do you want to?”
Steve came awake with the displacement of air, a sudden rush of cold around him.  He heard Tony move away, his bare feet slapping on the wood, as he crashed into the table.  Tony opened the door and stumbled down the staircase.  Steve followed, wrapping the blanket around him to try to hold in some of the heat, to keep the feeling of Tony in his arms with him just a little bit longer.
He leaned down and rested his forehead against the chest plate, nothing but darkness inside the suit.  “Tony, please.  You gotta wake up.  Jarvis isn’t responding.  Tony —”
He wasn’t sure which was worse.
Tony just leaned his cheek against Steve’s head, his tears making dark splotches in the blond hair.  He gently kissed Steve’s head, feeling his heart break for the other man.
Tony laying out the ring, and the pin, and the medal on the table and holding Steve as he cried over his ma.
He hadn’t even realized he was hyperventilating until he felt someone’s hand on his back.  He jerked away violently, splashing water onto the floor, when he heard Steve’s voice say, “It’s okay, Tony.  It’s just me.  I told Buck I’d come check on you because of —” Steve trailed off, but Tony knew what he meant.
He didn’t hurt.
Steve’s last thought was that it was the exact shade of the disc in Tony’s chest, and the hope that he would see Tony again bloomed within him as he lost consciousness.
“No,” Steve said, and he knew that Bucky could pick out the thickness in his voice from the tears, the despair.
he suddenly thought, and joy swelled up within him.
Steve’s eyes filled with tears, and he turned away.
Steve methodically stripped Tony out of the suit, each piece revealing the outfit that Steve still had dreamed about, sometimes nightmares.  The cotton of the pajama pants and long-sleeved t-shirt were soaked, especially around Tony’s hips and chest where it had been pressed against him by the suit.  By the end, Steve was crying so hard he was hiccuping, and Tony could barely keep his eyes open.  He was hallucinating again, this time talking about a bath in the hall, asking for eucalyptus and peppermint in the water from Dum-E and telling Jarvis to get a ticket to the Dodgers game.
“I don’t think I’ve gone more than two days since then without seeing you.”  Bucky shifted to sit up, brushing at his face with his hands.  His voice was thick from the crying, still soft at the edges and indistinct from the alcohol.  “I’m with you ’til the end of the line, pal, but what if this is it?”
“Of course not,” Tony said, beating Steve to it.  “I just want you to know you can get whatever you want.  If you like the fresh stuff we keep down here, get enough for your floor too.  I’m sure you have to keep up with the serum and all that.  Besides, you get cranky when you cut your chow.”
Fortunately, Tony was spared meeting Luciana, given the time, but Enzo and his wife, Viola, packed up some food for both him and Steve.  Tony headed back to the apartment building feeling very satisfied for himself, despite having been sent back in time.  When he got back to the apartment, the door was cracked so Tony could get back in.
“All right,” Steve said.  “Let’s try to lure it back towards the water so that the NYPD can do evac of the rest of the park.  Hulk is the closest to its size — maybe he can help knock it down so we can subdue it more easily.”
“You haven’t seen Tony, have you?” Bucky asked, and he sounded a little frantic.
Natasha made a sympathetic noise deep in her throat.  “So that’s why you didn’t want to read his file,” she said at last.  “How did you find out he doesn’t like getting his face wet?”
Feeling a little light-headed again, Steve settled into the chair next to the hospital bed, facing out towards the door.  He couldn’t see the monitor anymore, but the beep continued, soothing with its regular intervals and pitch that only varied subtly, beat to beat.  The sound lulled Steve, and the room took on a surreal quality, softening around the edges.  It reminded Steve of being drunk, of the night after the Dodgers game when he’d turned 21.
The Tony who had fixed his radio and taken him to the Dodgers game; who had reassured him that Steve wouldn’t always be like this, that someday he would be able to do the things he dreamed of; who had brought home his ma’s things and held him as his world fell apart; who had helped him get back up when he thought he never would again.
She blinked at him slowly, her gaze considering.  “You can try,” she said finally, her tone skeptical.
Steve wasn’t supposed to be awake.
“Can I get you a coffee?” Steve asked suddenly, his expression eager as he interrupted Tony’s thoughts.  It was a look Tony recognized easily, the look he would give whenever something in the future both surprised and delighted him.  A look that Tony had seen less and less often the longer he’d known Steve.  “Unless you have somewhere else to be?”
“I give up.  I can’t have a serious conversation with you.”
“Where did you learn to do that?”
“It’s your birthday, right?  Fourth of July?”
To help with the anxiety, he fell back into old habits.  He avoided ordering more things than he really needed.  He found frugality comforting, a connection back to the world he’d grown up in, the memories he had from before.  It also helped because he found just having so much
He wondered how much Steve, back in the 21st century, thought that too.
Steve changed into an undershirt and pajama pants and lay down on the couch.  He watched the lights through the window play over the ceiling, and the silence was oppressive.  He thought about turning on the radio, but he hadn’t touched it since Tony disappeared.  Somehow, it seemed too much, between his ma giving it to him and Tony fixing it.  He could hear traffic pass on the street below, the voices of people walking the street drifting up.
Steve wouldn’t admit it, but he was relieved when Fury showed up at the gym.  Fury gave him another file folder, another stack of papers, and Steve found weariness and irritation quickly welling up to replace the relief when he saw the picture of the Tesseract tucked in the pages.  Had the world learned
“Maybe I’m wrong,” Tony said, wanting soulfully to change the subject as quickly as possible.
Bucky closed the sketchbook and covered his eyes.  “Pal, you’ve been reading too many comic books,” was Bucky’s only reply.
“Son,” Steve said through gritted teeth, “just don’t.”
“It’s a habit, I guess.  Just — just let it go, okay?” Steve said finally.  “There’s a lot of stuff about this century I haven’t gotten used to — I don’t understand, and I guess I will eventually.  I don’t have much of a choice, do I?  But I don’t need it pointed out to me all the time.”
Tony pulled off his jacket, pulling the packet out from the pocket.  He put it on the table and covered it with his hands.  “Steve, you know Bucky asked me to go to the hospital for him to get your letters to your mother and pick hers up,” he started, feeling like he was obviously delaying the inevitable.
he wondered, looking at the hospital bed where Tony slept on, oblivious, clearly drained from the pneumonia.
Exhaustion washed over him, and his mind drifted to what Tony had said, delirious with fever and pneumonia, caught between two centuries, confused as to why the Steve before him was so scrawny and unimpressive when the Steve he’d left behind was so much
Tony didn’t like wet things on his face.
Tony closed his mouth, his teeth clicking together, as suddenly as he’d opened it.  Bucky was now looking at him narrowly, the challenge was back with a razor sharp edge.  He moved into Tony’s space, taking up a threatening amount of space.  Up close, Tony realized that Bucky was a lot more muscular than he was.  They might be the same height, but Bucky was stronger, probably from heavy labor as a sheet metal worker.
Would Tony even care?
Steve tried his best to get his life back on track.  Between losing his ma in October and Tony in January, he knew it would be easy to just give up.  He could still remember sitting in the grass at the Evergreens Cemetery, telling Tony about his ma and how she always got back up.
He knew that moment — it was seared into his memory with pain and suffering, agony both emotional and physical.  He knew exactly what he was looking at — Pepper had been in front of him, but Steve was behind her, off her right shoulder.  Tony closed his eyes, and he could see Steve in that moment like it was happening again: the blood on his face, his helmet dirty.  And those blue eyes, filled with tears, filled with a despair Tony never wanted to see again.
“When was the last time anyone took care of you?” Steve asked, his breath ghosting over Tony’s palm as he knelt before him, golden head bowed, hair shining in what little light the stove was still giving off.  “Why shouldn’t I do this?”
He shook his head and crossed the room himself when Steve didn’t move.  He gently tapped on the door before opening it.  Bucky was sitting halfway up, his dark hair wild and eyes only half open.  “Hey, can you get up for a minute?” Tony asked.  “I need to tell you and Steve something.”
“Let me help, you idiot,” Steve said, moving into Bucky’s space.  He could feel Bucky’s breath in his hair as he breathed above him, smell the alcohol with each exhalation.  Steve gently undid his belt and helped get his jacket off, throwing it over the back of one of the chairs so it wouldn’t wrinkle.  He untied Bucky’s tie and unbuttoned Bucky’s dress shirt, pulling it off his shoulders, before draping them over the jacket.  He supported Bucky as he pulled off his shoes.  He slid Bucky’s pants off, adding them to the other clothes.  It must have been an evening for ghosts, because the uniform seemed like a third person in the room, silently observing them.
“You gotta stop,” Bucky said, not letting Steve up.  He shifted around and kicked the door shut with his foot.  “I was in the kitchen — there’s absolutely no way he got out without my seeing him unless he climbed down the fire escape —“  Bucky trailed off, and Steve felt more than saw him shake his head.  “If I let you up, are you just going to try to leave again?”
Tony, who could build and fix anything.
“What does it mean to have pneumonia in this century?” Steve said, still trying to extract his wrist from Natasha.  “Is he going to be okay?”
Bucky tried to undress in the kitchen, fumbling with the buttons on his jacket as Steve watched from the next room.  He sighed and got up to help, making Bucky startle when he silently appeared in the kitchen.
Clint and Natasha were the ones who had really made the tower into a home and the Avengers into a family of sorts.  They cooked dinner and harassed Tony and Bruce into eating with them on a somewhat regular schedule.  Natasha would do yoga and meditate with Bruce, while Clint played video games with Tony.  They both made Tony spar with them, sometimes to help his technique and other times to help him blow off some steam.  Somehow, the two SHIELD agents pulled the other two out of their respective comfort zones and into the common area.
If this is how Steve had felt since being found, Tony couldn’t imagine how he’d held it together — made it look easy even.
Steve huffed out a sob, scrubbing a hand over his face.  When he opened his eyes, Tony was still there, asleep, with the monitor beeping reassuringly in the background.  His breath came rough and heavy, and Steve struggled to control it, not wanting to wake Tony up.
That and the bath were the last things Tony remembered with any real clarity for a long time.
“Of course not!”  Tony replied.  “I just want you to know you can get whatever you want.  If you like the fresh stuff we keep down here, get enough for your floor too.  I’m sure you have to eat a lot to keep up with the serum and all that.  Besides, you get cranky when you cut your chow.”
Natasha came back to stand next to him.  “How is that even possible?”
Steve startled badly at Tony’s voice, having almost forgotten he was there in the comforting process of preparing the fire for the next day.  He reached out a hand to steady himself, yanking it back when it came in contact with the hot metal of the stove with a hiss.  Clutching his hand to his chest, he watched, wide-eyed, as Tony poured water from his jug into the washbasin and held it out.  Steve eased his hand into the cool water, grimacing at the sharp contrast with the burnt skin on his palm.
Tony blinked for a few moments.  “I’m a little surprised she didn’t say anything,” he said.  His right hand went to his chest instinctively, rubbing at the long, thin scar where his arc reactor used to sit.
“and his armor stopped working,”
“’s no problem,” came Steve’s numbed reply.
Steve felt his heart break a little bit with the realization that he wasn’t the only one hurting here.
Drifting for a few more moments, Steve hazily focused on the sound that continued to skitter across his awareness, too rhythmic to fit into his aimless dozing.  With that realization, the sound coalesced, and Steve woke completely, unable to ignore the pounding on the window over his bed once he realized what it was.  He groaned as he rolled out of bed, stifling a yawn as the noise echoed through the room, and pulled on his shirt and pants.  Steve shoved his feet into his boots, and when he opened the back door, Natasha stood before him.
Tony made it back to the common room under his own steam, with Steve drifting along behind to make sure he was okay.  He was still in the Bucky’s clothes, and he seemed confused, picking up things and putting them back down.  Steve settled on the couch, exhausted but unable to sleep while Tony was so restless, and listened as Tony puttered around the kitchen.  Everyone else seemed to chalk up his behavior to the concussion, and one by one, they went back to their apartments for showers and sleep.
He sat in one of the chairs by the window, gulping in the fresh air, his head in his hands.  His anxiety was now full-blown, and he was having flashbacks to a snowy night in Boston on December 16, 1994, when Obie had shown up at his apartment to tell him his parents were dead.  The doctor came in, and Tony looked up at him.  He seemed very young — too young to be a doctor — and his expression was tired, with dark circles under his eyes.
“Steve — Just Steve now,” he corrected, and he reached a hand out and gripped Tony’s right forearm.  The skin there had limited sensation, mostly just impressions of hot and cold with little pain or vibration to speak of.  Steve’s hand, however, was hot — he’d always run hot, side effect of the serum — and Tony could feel the heat radiating from him more intensely than anything he’d felt in that arm for a long time.  He gasped a little at the shock of it, and Steve let go, jerking his hand away.  “I’m sorry,” he said in a rush.  His hands ghosted around Tony, wanting to comfort him but unsure how without touching him.  “I didn’t think — does it hurt?”
No, he didn’t want to talk to a fucking doctor.
Bucky’s eyebrows raised, and he dropped Tony’s hand and glanced back at Steve as if to say,
Bucky shook Steve gently.  “I have no idea what happened to him,” he said.  “I left for thirty seconds to grab some water, thinking maybe I could get him to drink some, and when I came back, he was gone.”
Tony laughed again as they went out the front door onto the street.  Bucky kept up an easy stream of conversation as they went, and Tony was surprised to find he seemed to know
The days fell into their own rhythm over the next few weeks, and Tony was a little surprised at how easily he adjusted to life in 1939.  His handyman work was steady and, although he didn’t make a lot of money because people didn’t have a lot to pay him with, he felt he was making a killing through bartering.  He became the main source of food for the household, and most of the meals came pre-made, continuing the trend started by the Carbonells.  Enzo was so grateful that his overlock machine was working again that he gave Tony a second pair of pants for cleaning and oiling his other sewing machines, everything custom tailored.  Tony hated to admit it, given how much money he’d invested in his clothes, but he liked these clothes and felt they fit better than anything he’d ever owned.  Bucky had also helped him pick out a pair of shoes and a hat to complete his wardrobe.
Steve allowed himself a small smile at that.  He settled onto the edge of his bed, the sheets and blankets warm from the stove, and put his elbows on his knees.  “You drink a lot of alcohol, Stark,” Steve started to say.
Bucky went first, glancing back at Tony when he saw the bottle of Jameson on the table.  He grabbed three glasses and poured two fingers’ worth into each, handing one to Tony and Steve.
“He was mugged,” Steve shot back.  “What was I supposed to do?  Leave him there?”
“I don’t cut my intake,” Steve answered.  He looked first at Bruce then back at Natasha and Clint.  “Do I?”
“Not sure it matters much one way or the other.”  He took another drink and half turned, offering it to Steve.
Steve sat next to him, helping to steady him on his knees.  “Jesus Christ, Tony, what the hell was that?” Steve asked, relief and distress competing in his tone.
Shrugging, Steve looked around, and Tony narrowed his eyes in response.  “That’s your tactical assessment look,” he said suspiciously.  “You’re looking for threats and exits.”  Tony mimicked the gesture, but there was nothing to see.  There were a handful of people on either side, vacationing families, couples, and a few people who were alone, but no one who looked suspicious.  There was nothing else around them, nowhere for a sniper to hide or somewhere an assailant could surprise them unless they jumped out of a car.
But the pressure seemed to build inside him, and Steve knew he couldn’t keep it to himself.  If his heart was going to break, he at least wanted to offer the pieces to someone else.
Steve had a choice — he could see that now.  He could keep doing what he was doing, dragging around his broken pieces until they tore him apart.  Or he could go back and figure out a way to use them to build something new, something for himself in this brave new world.
Natasha looked down at him, a faint smile on her face.  She brushed his hair off his forehead.  “Me too,
Was that the reverence he felt in the air?  The solemness and the sanctity?  The hush of Christmas Eve — the hope, the promise of a little joy and peace, so hard to find during the rest of the year?
“James?” Steve interrupted.
Forcing himself upright, Steve couldn’t look at Tony.  He stumbled around the end of the bed, bracing himself on the plastic footboard as he passed it.  He reached the other arm out towards the door once he reached the frame, hesitating again.  “I’m sorry,” Steve said, his head bowed, turned away.  He wished he could apologize for all of it: the scorching hot days and cold nights, not having enough food, having to darn their socks because they couldn’t buy new ones, begging for his arc reactor, needing Tony’s help to get up after his ma died, Tony getting sick and disappearing, his disappointment in the 21st century, never finding his place, never reconnecting with Tony.
Loki turned to him, his smile wide.  “Man of Iron, as my brother likes to say,” he replied.  “It’s been too long.”
And yet — then what was it all for?  What was the point of Project Rebirth if not to create a superior kind of soldier?  One to fight the battles that other people couldn’t?  Wasn’t that what Fury had said about the Avengers?
The room wasn’t particularly dark given the light from the alley and street beyond.  The window was thrown open to provide some circulation, and Tony could hear the sounds of the city as they drifted in, both familiar and different, given the contrast between Manhattan and Brooklyn, 2010 and sometime in the late 1930s or early 1940s.
“A pansy like you can’t even follow through on defending his —“  The guy paused, glancing at Tony, “— pillow-biter.”
“You must think I’m a fucking idiot.  Captain America isn’t a
Tony’s expression shifted at Steve’s explanation, and Steve could tell he didn’t believe him.  “I’m fine. The doctor usually makes me stay overnight — get some IV antibiotics in me, a little oxygen. I’ll be back to driving you crazy tomorrow,” Tony responded.  Steve was surprised — and a little relieved — to find that Tony also seemed out of sorts, his joke falling flat.
The guy’s head shot up, dripping blood onto the sidewalk.  “Whad?” He asked, his voice jumping an octave as he jerked his head around to look back towards them.  But Steve and Tony had already gone into the store, the door swinging closed behind them.
“Looks good,” Tony said.  He then shook his head slightly and felt weariness wash over him.  “Do you mind if I crash for a little bit?” He asked, thumbing over his shoulder to the couch in the next room.  “I think being mugged took more out of me than I realized.”
The guy curled his lip.  “Just as well he never made it to Germany then.”
The surprise was obvious in Tony’s expression, and he was clearly shocked by the anger in Steve’s voice as he spat out, “No thanks.  They just tell you everything’s going to be fine, even when you know it’s not.”
Tony opened his eyes to find Steve looking up at him, his blue eyes intense as they focused on Tony’s face.  “I have heart problems too,” he said softly.  “Can I get one?  Will it fix my heart?”
Steve crowded him close to the window, putting his hands in the hip pockets of Tony’s jeans and pulling him close.  “I can’t tell if you’re being sarcastic,” he whispered in Tony’s ear, nipping at his earlobe, “or actually complimenting me.  Would you like me to punish you for being mean, or reward you for being nice?”
“I have to go get ready for work,” he mumbled, his voice rough with unspoken emotion, as he left the kitchen, running a hand through his hair.
She had clearly been asleep, her red hair frizzy with slept-on curls.  She had no makeup on, and she was wearing only a pair of shorts and a tank top with a sports bra underneath, one of the straps of the tank top slipping off her shoulder.  “What’s wrong?” she asked through a yawn, rubbing her eyes with the back of one wrist.  She moved away from the door, padding silently across the carpet to settle on a leather chair and wrap herself in a blanket.
Natasha gave him a funny look.  “No,” she answered slowly.  “He was — but then he re-discovered vibranium to use in his arc reactor core.”  She hesitated before adding, “It was in your briefing.  Didn’t you read his file?”
The silence seemed to stretch on for an eternity, so he added a little desperately, “Do you want more socks?”
his mind corrected itself.
It probably would have continued that way indefinitely had he not gotten sick.  The cold had started out innocently enough — they always did.  Tony found himself getting a little short of breath doing the heavy lifting that some of his design work required, especially for the suit.  The pleuritic chest pain followed, and Tony found it harder to take deep breaths.  By that point, he knew where this was headed.  At least once or twice a year, he got pneumonia.  Usually a round of antibiotics cleared it right up, but sometimes he needed some oxygen to help get him through.  The arc reactor, in addition to keeping the shrapnel out of his heart, took up a lot of space that used to be occupied by his lungs, and that diminished capacity meant that his lungs couldn’t always keep up, especially when he had an infection.
Steve turned back around to look at him, gratitude blooming in his chest.  This was the first real glimmer he’d seen of the Tony he’d known, trying to protect Steve instead of cut him down.  Steve released a breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding, the tension in his chest easing a little bit.
Steve balled up the sweaty towel he was still holding and threw it into the dirty laundry hamper.  “Tony can’t buy the things that’ll make me happy here,” he said with a grimace.
Part of his mind rebelled against the thought.  This version of Steve was not his teammate, nothing like him.  His Steve was big and strong, taking up space in ways far beyond just his bulk.  His Steve had been the leader of the Howling Commandos, successfully completing countless missions that helped bring down Hydra.  His Steve had put the Valkyrie into the water and helped win the war.
But this?  Maybe even this was too broken for Tony to fix.
“I tell you what,” Bucky said.  “You fix that radio, and I’ll take you down to the tailor’s.  I know for a fact that his overlock machine has been on the fritz.  I bet if you can fix that for him, he’ll make you a suit.  He keeps complaining how it’s been killing his business — he’d probably happily trade you one for the other.”
“Yeah, I did,” Natasha answered slowly, and Steve could see her shedding her tiredness as she sat forward, curious about Steve’s sudden interest.
It was so wholesome, Tony wished he had some way to document it for Pepper, because she would never believe it.
Cap visited him, but something about him didn’t look right.  Tony apologized for throwing out his socks, and tracking his food, and getting sick, but Cap — of course — just waved his apologies away.  And seemed confused.
“That’s — sweet,” she said, “but I’m guessing he had to let you down gently.”
“I don’t know,” Bucky answered.  “At least she’s not suffering any more.”
around him increased his anxiety, making him feel uncomfortable even in his own space.
“Then how do you explain him just disappearing?” Steve shot back.  “I don’t believe he’d just leave.”
Steve knew he wouldn’t be able to go back to the apartment he’d shared with Bucky and later Tony.  He would never be able to draw at his drafting table while Bucky slept in the bedroom again.  He would never be able to sit at the table where Tony had told him his ma had died.  He would never be able to sleep in the bed where Tony had disappeared or sit on the couch where Bucky had cried before shipping out.
Steve surged to his feet and moved to her window, feeling restless and out of sorts.  Her windows faced north and west, looking out over Rockefeller Center.  He slammed his fist against the glass, holding back on the gesture at the last moment to keep from shattering it.  “I need to know,” he repeated, the desperation clearer in his voice.
— children, older couples, shop and cart owners.  Anyone they passed, Bucky greeted them by name and asked a uniquely personal question: how was your mother, did your wife have the baby yet, are you playing any good gigs in the next few days, did Charlotte finally lose that tooth that was bothering her, have you heard from your cousins in Austria recently?
“He built that first arc reactor in the cave — the one in the picture on the front of the Shield file — and then he used it to power a version of his Iron Man suit to get him out,” she said.  “The one he has now, he built to keep him from getting palladium poisoning.  That’s how I met him — I posed as an SI employee for Shield while he was figuring all of that out.”
“And say what?  You travel back in time?  No pressure, but I fell in love with you, and I’m having a hard time separating that from now?  Oh, and don’t forget, you get pneumonia back then and, instead of dying, you just disappeared.”  Steve dropped his hand and shoved both of them into his pockets.
filling the room.
It was all hard to remember, an ache not unlike the one he lived with in his arm.  They were good memories — good friends, a life with a purpose, something to live for.  He’d had Steve by his side, a partner through good and bad, and the rest of the Avengers at his back.  But then Rhodey had been paralyzed, and he’d lost almost everything from Thanos.  It was hard to remember — hard to think of those friendships without thinking about the losses.  Sure, they’d come together one last time.  But Tony knew he wouldn’t have been able to bear losing everything a second time.
Tony’s shoulders sagged, and he looked down at the floor.  He pulled his hat off his head and ran a hand through his hair.  “Did she suffer?” he finally asked, unable to lift his head up and look at the doctor.
Steve looked at Tony, his heart dropping into his chest.  Tony gripped his arm, looking him in the eye.  “You’re not alone anymore.  We’ll get through this together too.”
Tony wanted to roll over and protest, to remind Cap of the terrible things he’d done since he’d moved in, despite his best intentions.  But he was too weak.  So he just lay on his back and listened to Cap, oddly soothed by his voice.
Steve continued looking down as Tony struggled to answer, not really listening.  It was only when he heard Tony’s final question — “Do you want more socks?” — that Steve realized he wasn’t up to take any more hits that evening, intentional or not.
The light from the stove flickered across Tony’s face, the tracks of tears shiny in the dim light.  Every once in a while, he’d draw in a deep, shuddering breath — still almost completely silent — and let out a soft sob of air.  It was hard for Steve to parse the look in his eyes, but his expression was easy enough: desolation, grief, and, most strongly, loneliness.
he wondered.
“No problem, big guy,” Tony said, patting Steve on the shoulder as he passed by, headed back towards the couch.  “Any time.”
The moon hung high and full over the desert when Steve was pulled from a deep and dreamless sleep.  Buried under a pile of blankets, he lay in his bed, warm and comfortable, somewhere between asleep and awake.  His thoughts circled around themselves lazily, and he was unable to get a hold of them as they blew across the edges of his mind like dust across the open space around Timely every time he tried to focus on them.
But then he’d disappeared.
Tony felt Steve stiffen and gently squeezed his side as he said,  “Look — you’re what?  Twenty?  Thirty?  I’ve got bad news for you, buddy — this neighborhood has been like this for decades.  It’s not like ‘we people’ just changed it.”
Tony made it back across the hall by leaning heavily on Steve, who put him to bed in his own bed.  Bucky watched from across the room, where he was pulling on his work boots to head to the Navy Yard.  “You don’t look so great, pal,” Bucky said and, while he was trying for light-hearted, he fell pretty short of the mark.
“No, she passed very peacefully,” he answered.  Tony looked up at Dr. Hudson, who glanced away and swallowed.
He was grateful for his life, for the loves he’d felt so strongly and deeply.  With Tony, he’d finally settled into a fulfilling existence, no longer so painfully alone.  Natasha had settled in as the best friend he hadn’t realized he was looking for.  He had a team with the Avengers, more family than he’d ever known growing up.
The first impression Tony had was of space — Steve was on the top floor, with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the upper bay.  The vaulted ceilings rose high above them, bare metal beams left over from the building’s industrial beginnings criss-crossing in a geometric pattern that Tony found soothing.  The room was dark with the lights off, long bands of light and dark alternating on the wooden floor from the windows and the brick supports between them.  Across the water, he could see the Statue of Liberty holding her torch high, and beyond her, the streetlights in Jersey City were starting to flicker on as the sun set, casting long shadows across the water.
He thought of Bucky and his quiet constancy.  He’d always put on a show for the girls he met or his other friends. But at home, when it was just the two of them, he was quieter and more comfortable.  The showman slipped away, leaving a version of Bucky that Steve often wondered if only he got to see.  It was the version of Bucky who pulled him out of fights and helped him get out of his own head.  It was the kind of love he had originally thought was only reserved for romances: unwavering, unquestioning, always supportive.  It was the Bucky who knew about the stack of 4Fs, who knew it could very well kill Steve, but instead of berating Steve for his stubbornness or his stupidity talked to Steve about his bravery.
Cap just shook his head, confused.  “Don’t say that.  Any of that.”
Once the plane crashed, he could finally rest.
Tony’s words from the day they’d buried her came to mind, when Steve had asked him how long it would hurt:
Laughing back, Tony thought he saw Steve’s expression loosen a little bit, relief flickering across his features before it was gone.  “Dr. Erskine knew what he was doing,” Steve said, although his tone didn’t quite match up with his words, missing easy-going and hitting somewhere closer to uneasy.
And then Bucky fell from the train.
Steve remained on the couch and smoothed out the wrinkles in the poster.  “Guess so,” he said quietly to himself.
“The giant is gone,” Natasha’s voice came over the comms, “and Jarvis is telling me that Loki is too.  Did you guys see what happened?”
But everything continued on around him.  Howard cocked his head to the side, his eyebrows pulling down and together, and Steve knew from his expression that the answer would be no.  In that moment, everything froze.  A silence settled over him, deafening in the absence of all the sound that had been there the instant before.  Steve had enough time to take a breath before it all snapped back into place, the noise and activity roaring back so abruptly he flinched.
Tony found a pair of chairs near the back facing a window that looked out over 86th Street, a small table between them.  While his name was still famous, he wasn’t nearly as recognizable.  Right after the snap, his armor had been everywhere — painted in murals, pictures hung up on fences with lights beneath, his helmet looking out over cities across the world.  Over time, the man within the armor had faded in the world’s consciousness, and after living in the cabin upstate, Tony had found it a relief.   Reminders from his life before — living in the Tower, being an Avenger and the public face of Stark Industries, having his face immediately recognizable from the news and the internet — they still caught him wrong, like a punch in the gut when he wasn’t expecting it.
Steve shook his head.  “I can’t explain it, but I don’t think he was from here.”  Bucky gave him a look, and Steve rolled his eyes, exasperated.  “Not like that,” Steve said.  “He had a — thing — in his chest that he said was keeping him alive.  He said he had a heart condition.  That’s why I wouldn’t let you help clean him up.  I was trying to protect him.”
It was a testament to Steve’s drawing skill that it always looked like it glowed, even when the sketches were just pencil or charcoal without color.
“When you’re Tony Stark, it means you have your own doctor on call 24/7 — and I don’t mean Bruce.  I mean the one Pepper makes him see when he’s actually sick.  It means they’ll give him some oxygen and IV antibiotics, which will treat his pneumonia.  Bruce said he usually stays one night, two at the most, and he’s back to his usual self within a week.  No breathing tubes or ventilators, no long term issues.  He’s just more susceptible because of the arc reactor.”  She finally released his arm, and he rubbed at it absently as he searched her eyes, looking for her level of concern.
Tony crash landed and tumbled into a brick wall.  He groaned and lay motionless for a moment, trying to catch his breath.  It took another moment for him to realize that the landing had been especially hard because the suit was gone.  He was dressed only in his long-sleeved undershirt, a pair of black athletic pants, and tennis shoes.  Tony pushed himself up and braced his arm on the brick wall, letting the dizziness pass.  His arms were covered in scrapes, and he brushed his palms off on his pants.
Steve got to his feet, and Bucky scrambled to follow, moving to block the door.  Instead, Steve went into the drawing room, still sniffling.  He rummaged through the milk crate with his sketchbooks and art supplies before pulling out one from the bottom.  He flipped it open, searching through the pages then handed it to Bucky.
“Stop,” she commanded, giving his wrist a little jerk.  “You have to stop.  You can’t go visit him if you’re going to be like this, and I know that’s the next thing you’re going to want to do.”
There were bolts of fabric lined up on tall shelves, and he had two sewing machines and the overlock machine clustered together.  There were also four dressmaker dummies in the corner, two male and two female, one of each gender with a partially made garment on it.  The room was warm and cozy, with a coal fired burner in the corner and three irons laid out.  There was a table with his other tools — pins and needles, buttons, scissors and shears, and thread — neatly contained in baskets on the table top.
Jarvis tried to talk to him a few times, but Steve just ignored him, not even registering the words.  It wasn’t until he felt the warmth of another person next to him that he shifted, his muscles stiff from sitting in one position for so long.
Steve put a hand to his forehead, covering his eyes.  “No, I didn’t read his file.  As someone whom everyone makes assumptions about because they think they
Tony pulled away just far enough to look up at Steve.  “I’m the one who promised him we’d do this some day,” he said, suddenly serious.  “We’re both doing this for him.”
He reeled for a moment, even though he knew he was standing completely still out of sheer force of will.  What the hell had happened?  Where was the Tony who had asked him what he was doing, asked Steve to teach him how to darn socks?  He closed his eyes briefly, a flash of pain suffusing through him, as he had a profound realization.
A frantic “Uh, guys?  I could use a little back-up,” came from Tony as Steve reached the terrace.
The smell of the peppermint drifted over to Steve, and he became aware that Tony had finally stopped moving, now standing somewhere behind his head and off one shoulder.  He must have been dozing, because Steve felt groggy, suspended in that place between awake and asleep, grasping at some thought — something important — just out of his reach.
Some things even he couldn’t endure.
It was only Natasha’s surprised grunt over the comm that made him look back up.
“I know about your stack of 4Fs,” Bucky said quietly.
Steve faltered under the weight of that loss, never to recover.  He stopped sleeping and barely ate, letting the serum carry him through in a haze that never seemed to lift.  Zola’s intel about the Red Skull was vital to winning the war, but Steve couldn’t even bring himself to care.  One thought consumed him:
Tony fell back asleep sometime in the early morning when the light outside was starting to turn gray.  When he woke again, it was still early morning.  Steve had dozed off in the chair and was slumped down, his chin propped on his hand, which in turn was supported at the elbow by his other arm crossed tightly over his chest.  Tony’s breathing already felt easier, the pleuritic pain better.  He pulled the oxygen off to see what it did to his saturations.
Tony reached his glass over, and Steve obliged by clinking the rims together.  “And maybe you still drive me crazy sometimes, with more convictions than I am tall and an ass that just won’t quit.  Sometimes your pride seems to beg for someone to arrange the fall that’s supposed to cometh after — and if someone is going to make you cometh —“
Steve’s attention snapped back to him, and he saw a small puddle of sweat on the floor in front of Tony.  Tony ran a hand through his hair, scattering more sweat onto the seat, his suit, and the floor.  “I’ve never had it come on this quickly — pneumonia,” Tony clarified, the end of his sentence caught in a much stronger cough.  “I know you don’t want to take care of me when I’m sick — if you could just get me to the medical wing —“
Steve looked over at Tony and smiled.  Tony’s left arm draped along the door, fingers tapping contently in time to the music playing over the radio, every so often his hand lifting up to emphasize a particularly salient point as he talked.  His right hand draped over the top of the steering wheel, and the wind whipped his brown hair into a mop of messy curls, constantly buffeting it around.  His sunglasses were perched on the bridge of his nose, and Steve could see his reflection in the lenses when Tony glanced over.
Everything crashed back into place again as the suit fell, the sound and the movement and the chaos, and Steve staggered, feeling his knees weaken with the force of it.  He watched the Hulk catch Tony in midair, elation bubbling over as he watched the two crash-land onto the street.  His knees gave out, and when he realized Tony wasn’t breathing, panic rose within him, the moments stretching impossibly long.  Steve felt like he was watching Bucky fall all over again, the image overlying the view of the Manhattan street, the Iron Man armor lying motionless in the middle of it.   Then Tony gasped back awake, and relief burned through him, washing away the panic, followed closely by exhaustion and disbelief.
He was concentrating so hard on the monitor, Steve almost missed what Tony said about getting a doctor.  Steve’s head come up abruptly, meeting Tony’s eyes.  He gaped for a moment before the fury washed over him.  A doctor.  To explain to him that Tony would be fine.  The last fucking doctor Steve had talked to had been Dr. Hudson, four days before his ma died.  He’d called for an update, since Bucky wouldn’t let him visit.
Steve traced the metal casing of the arc reactor, the blue light reflecting off his pale skin.  His eyes were clearer now, and Tony saw nothing but awe in them as he ran his fingers over the lines of the arc reactor itself, making the triangle over and over again.  “It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen,” he whispered.  Steve fell asleep that way, relaxing onto his back.  Tony sighed and pulled Steve to his chest, burying his face in the other man’s hair.  He too fell asleep, and the last coherent thought he had was that — in a long life full of poor decisions — this was probably the worst idea he’d ever had.
“I’b dot a Dazi,” he shot back.
The couch was more comfortable than its appearance would have suggested.  He settled onto his side, looking out towards the radio and the window.  He took some deep breaths, hoping for a moment that he would wake up back in the tower in his time but not really believing it was possible.  He fell asleep shortly after that, the adrenaline from the fight and finding himself in Brooklyn during the Great Depression having finally seeped away, leaving only exhaustion in its wake.
Tony went back to his odd jobs and repairs, but he worried about leaving Steve alone for long periods of time.  Steve seemed a little more comfortable when he was home and followed Tony around in the apartment, as though he were afraid that Tony too would disappear if Steve wasn’t looking.  To be honest, Tony was a little worried about that too, given that he still didn’t really understand the point of Loki’s magic or what might reverse it.
“What do you know?  You live uptown in that big ugly tower.  Yeah, I know who you are.  Big man can’t get women to date him so he turns to men instead.  It didn’t used to be like this — dykes and fairies all over the fucking place.”  He took a few steps towards them, pointing his index finger at Tony’s chest.  “I miss the way it used to be.”
Steve sighed and moved out of Bucky’s reach, running a hand through his own hair.  “I have no right to do any less —“
“That can’t be good,” Tony said.  “Loki doesn’t strike me as being sentimental.”
Steve struggled with the largesse of living in the Tower.  Jarvis — and what a marvel Jarvis was in and of himself — assured Steve that he would be happy to order whatever Steve needed to be delivered to his suite.  It was difficult for Steve, however; he wasn’t used to charity, and while he realized that the cost was insignificant to Tony, it mattered to Steve.  But when he tried to shop himself, the experience was too overwhelming.  Department stores had hundreds of people, and that made Steve uneasy, especially once he realized he hadn’t seen crowds like that since well before the war and possibly not even since he was eleven years old, before the stock market crashed.
“Wary?”  Natasha offered.
Steve wet his lips and looked away from her.  “Seems pretty simple from here.  He throws money at the problem to make it go away.”
“He’d believe you.”
Natasha released him, and he took a few steps towards the stairs before she said, “Yeah?  How about this: I
“Wait —“ Steve said as Tony dumped all of the socks, including the one Steve had been working on with the needle still attached and the darning egg inside, in the trash.
“It — does?” Steve hesitated before reaching over to grab a towel beside the mat.  He reached up to dry off his hair and neck.
The sky had lightened to a grey-blue over the eastern horizon, and Steve let himself puff out a small breath of air.  He wasn’t too late, at least not this time.  He could keep watch, a sentinel even as across town the patient — that last patient — also watched what would be his last sunrise.
The months after had been a haze, and he mostly remembered following Tony around the apartment.  He’d had dreams that he could see that thing in Tony’s chest through his shirts and would wake up in the middle of the night, hoping to see the blue light shining comfortingly in the dark when he looked over at Bucky’s bed.
“I looked at the sheet on the front.  The arc reactor — it was different before.”
.  The paint colors seemed off, the noise of the city was wrong, even the air smelled differently.  The fabric of his clothing was too soft, and none of it fit correctly because none of it had been tailored.
But the part that stung the most was that Bucky was at least partially right, even if Steve would never admit it to him: with his ma and Tony gone and Bucky off to who knows where, there was nothing left for him here.
“It’s hard to miss you if you’re never gone,” he said to Loki.
Tony had to admit — he was impressed.  There wasn’t even a crowd, but Bucky worked it as effectively as Tony had at any charity function he’d ever attended.  Bucky had an encyclopedic knowledge of the neighborhood and its residents, and he utilized it effortlessly.  Not only that, he introduced Tony to everyone, somehow working into every conversation how Tony was a cousin who’d just gotten into town from Iowa and had already fixed their radio.
“Let’s go home tonight.  We can drive back to Malibu and take the jet to New York,” Steve said suddenly, reaching over to grab Tony’s arm.  “I don’t know why, but I want a funny movie and popcorn with everyone else.”
“What?” Steve asked.
Turning back, Tony knelt down next to him, careful to make sure he stayed out of arm’s reach.  “Ah.  Yes.  That one, I think you’ll realize, I can help with.  Regardless of your opinions about me and my life choices, you clearly know I have a lot of money.  I can say without a doubt that it would be my absolute pleasure to bleed you dry as you pursue your legal case against Captain America.”  After a moment’s consideration, Tony added, “Not to mention the PR aspect.  I can just imagine the headlines now:  ‘Captain America Defends Iron Man’s Honor,’ ‘Captain America Returns to Old Favorite of Punching Neo-Nazis; Bystanders Post Videos on YouTube.’”
version of Tony — was just too much.  Steve didn’t need to be reminded every day of how much he’d lost, and he certainly didn’t need the daily reminders of exactly how far the world had moved on without him.
Tony started to look around frantically for Steve, but Bucky stopped him with a hand on his shoulder.  “It’s okay,” he told Tony.  “He needs a few minutes.  It’s a little more real when you can’t see the casket any more, y’know?  He didn’t know — didn’t know it was the last letter, the last time he’d see her, the last time he’d hear her laugh or say his name.”
Steve felt his stomach sink, his instincts screaming at him that there was more to this situation than it first appeared.  Natasha materialized at his side, and Steve grabbed her arm.  He clicked off his comm, glancing over at her.  “I think it’s a bad idea for Tony to confront Loki by himself,” he said, and she gave a grim nod in response.  “I’m going to follow.”
After Bucky disappeared, closing the door to the bedroom, Steve got up to clean off his plate.  “Thank you, Tony,” he said, his tone much kinder.  “You really didn’t have to do it.  I know you don’t have much.”
Tony was sweaty from the hot and humid July day in Brooklyn and felt warm from the sun in a way that let him know he’d gotten sunburned.  He stripped out of his button-down shirt and hung it up in the wardrobe where Steve had made space for his clothes.  He glanced behind him, through the drawing room into the living room, where Steve was still lying on the couch, motionless.  Steve had turned on the radio when they’d gotten back, and soft jazz filtered through the apartment like the late afternoon sun, motes of dust drifting in the beams.
Tony braced himself and looked up to find Steve Rogers peering at him with a combination of concern and weariness.
Steve felt his knees buckle, and even with Bucky there, he collapsed against him, getting Bucky’s shirt and pajama pants all wet.  They stood, chest to chest, as the silence stretched on, the impossibility of Tony’s disappearance hanging between them.
Tony looked down at the clothes, oddly overcome with gratitude at the small gesture, as well as the devotion between the friends.
“Steve,” Tony finally forced out, his voice a little choked.  How long had he been standing here, mouth open, trying to piece together that one word from all the years they’d spent together, the even longer years they’d spent apart?
Well — that wasn’t true.  It wasn’t that he couldn’t remember; he simply preferred not to.  The last time had been at his ma’s funeral mass, when — if nothing else — he’d found some consolation in knowing she wasn’t suffering any more.
Steve pushed away from the window and went to the bookshelf.  He pulled out one of the sketchbooks Tony had bought for him and a pen.  He walked back over to the window and sat down on the floor, leaning up against the glass.  The light from the Chrysler Building reflected into his room, and he outlined a drawing in broad strokes.  Tony emerged on the paper, sitting in the bathtub, peering out from under a towel with steam filling the room.  Steve could smell the peppermint and eucalyptus in the steam filling the room, hear the wheezy rattle as Tony struggled to take deep breaths.  He could feel the damp from the hot water clinging to his skin, the way it made his shirt stick.  Steve remembered the feel of Tony’s skin under his hands, how the thin towel had hidden nothing when he’d helped Tony out of the tub.  Tony had lost so much weight, made lean by the sparse food and living hand to mouth during the Depression.  Then he’d lost even more with the pneumonia.
One of Tony’s eyebrows rose above the frame of his sunglasses, and he glanced away from the road for a long moment before turning back.  “You’ll be 28 tomorrow, doll,” he smirked, mimicking Steve’s Brooklyn accent.  “Of course your life is good.”
Shaking his head, Steve tried to brush off the sudden wave of vulnerability he felt, like he was five years old again.  He resisted the urge to look over his shoulder, the feeling that his parents were suddenly, inexplicably, very close.  He could almost call his mother’s perfume to mind, an earthy scent with wood and saffron and a touch of vanilla.  She’d only worn it every now and then, putting a drop at her throat and on each wrist, rubbing some on her palms to run it through her damp hair before she braided it for the day, so the smell would fill the room when she finally let it down at night.
Maybe this was how it started.  Maybe the reason Tony had asked him about darning socks was because of this.  Maybe, when he saw Steve sitting on the couch in the tenement apartment, what Tony saw instead was this moment.  Steve remembered Tony’s palpable embarrassment when he’d confessed he’d never needed to know how to do darn socks and Steve’s own incredulity in turn, imaging a life so comfortable that Tony could just buy new socks.  But isn’t that what this world was now?  They had each started at different points in time, with Steve in the past moving forward and Tony in the future moving backwards.  Tony had had these memories then, while Steve had those memories now.
Tony pulled the towel off his head and dunked it back under the water.  Steve was sitting in the chair by the tub.  He smiled weakly, adding, “I’ve always been the one in the tub, not the person sitting beside it.”
“Do you?” Natasha asked quietly.
Clint landed on the pad at the Tower, and he and Nat walked off with Bruce between them, riding the high after an assemble call that had gone well, with minimal structural damage and no injuries.  Nat glanced over her shoulder as they stepped down from the ramp onto the pad, and Steve shook his head slightly back at her.  She lifted a shoulder in a shrug, and the other three disappeared out of view from the back of the quinjet.
“Do you have any relatives named Tony?” Steve squirmed on the gantry, suddenly anxious.  He wanted to scream at everyone to stop what they were doing, to slow the bustle of work around him for Dr. Erskine’s experiment so he could put the pieces together.  There was something — a piece of information, something he’d failed to pick up on — just outside the edge of his awareness, and he knew that if he could figure out what that was, everything else would fall into place: where Tony had come from, the blue disc in his chest, how he had disappeared into thin air.
It wasn’t the end of the line.
Steve wished Tony had punched him because that would have hurt less.  His mouth moved, but Steve couldn’t force the air out.  “Brooklyn?” Steve finally managed to get past his vocal cords.  “When was the last time you were in Brooklyn?”
It was no secret that Tony Stark didn’t understand Steve Rogers.
This — This he could do.
“How many days had you spent alone before you woke up here?”
“You look great.”  Steve approached, hands in his pockets.  He had a dark blue sweater on, sleeves pushed up over his elbows, a fitted pair of jeans and leather boots completing the ensemble.  It was like the last twenty-five years or so hadn’t passed for Steve — still the man out of time, even if he’d spent more time in the 21st century than he had in the 20th by this point.
Tony stayed in the bedroom for the rest of the afternoon, lying on the bed and staring up at the ceiling.  He only ventured out once the sky had darkened outside the window and he hadn’t heard any sounds from the rest of the apartment for a very long time.  Steve was asleep, curled up and facing the back of the couch.  Tony clicked off the radio.  He went to the toilet and used cool water from the sink to rinse off, still sticky from the day at the ballgame.
Steve inspected the band, gently scuffed from wear.  His ma would want him to give it to someone important, someone who would understand what it had meant to her to bring it with her after she’d fought in Ireland, what it as like to carry difficult memories that were impossible to forget.  Tony of course would appreciate the significance and the gesture, but he wouldn’t particularly like it or want to wear it.
It wasn’t the Steve Rogers he knew.  This was the five foot, four inches, ninety-five pound man with a laundry list of medical problems that would prevent him from enlisting in the US military in the future.  Tony could hear him wheezing softly even from the distance he was away.  His clothes were clean but worn, and he looked tired.  Tony found himself staring, at a loss.
“No,” Steve said.  “Tony took the hit to the chest, and his armor stopped working.  I caught Loki with my shield but didn’t see what happened after Tony hit the ground.”
Coming to stand in front of Tony, Steve ghosted his hands over the other man.  He’d waited so long for this, hoped so ardently it would happen, that Steve was afraid the moment would shatter if he moved too quickly or spoke too loudly.  “January,” Steve answered, and he put his hands on Tony’s hips, feeling the bones underneath his fingers, all of Tony’s fat melted away by want and infection.  “It was actually January, 1940.”  Steve grabbed the hem of Tony’s long-sleeved t-shirt, and Tony relaxed into the movement, letting Steve pull it over his head.
Steve narrowed his eyes suspiciously.  “Bucky should keep his big trap shut.”
Steve was so exhausted he’d fallen asleep in the chair by the bed at least twice that day.  He and Bucky had talked about putting Tony in the bathtub again to break the fever, but it was so cold outside Steve was afraid the water wouldn’t be warm enough.  Steve was also running out of excuses to keep Bucky from seeing the blue thing in Tony’s chest that was keeping him alive.
“Anyway,” Tony continued good-naturedly, “you gave me some of the best months of my life — but if you ever tell Loki that, I’ll be forced to kill you.”
with highly trained assassins.  We’re leaving our options open to having our own reality show.”
Bucky moved off him, and they both sat on the floor together.  Steve didn’t even bother trying to hide his tear-streaked face.  Bucky pulled him over, and they sat with shoulders and hips and knees touching.  Steve sobbed, unable to stop himself, and Bucky offered him a handkerchief, which Steve used to wipe his face.
Steve sighed.  “I suppose you don’t have anywhere to go?  Any family?”
He rode south to San Francisco.  Steve stood on the Golden Gate Bridge, trying to parse the dichotomy between the view of both the Marin Headlands and San Francisco that left him breathless and the signs exhorting that there is hope.  Steve shook his head, his hair blowing over his face from the salty wind coming in off the Pacific.  He remembered reading about Harold Wobber in 1937, the World War I veteran who had jumped from the bridge three months after it had opened.  At the time, he’d wondered how someone could despair so completely that jumping 245 feet from the bridge into the Bay seemed like a reasonable choice.
.”  She came up on her tiptoes and gently kissed his cheek, nothing more than the warm, dry brush of her lips against his skin.  “I’m going to bed, but you’re welcome to stay as long as you need.”  Natasha then headed towards the bedroom, hitching the blanket up onto her shoulders more securely.
“You didn’t know,” Tony answered.  He then turned to go into the kitchen only to find Steve looking suspiciously at them both.
He disappeared into what must have been the bedroom, and Tony heard a deep voice rumble inarticulately with Steve’s slightly higher response.  Steve reappeared with a cake of soap and a small towel.  He shepherded Tony back through the living room into the kitchen.  “There’s a bath in the hallway, but the water’s always cold,” Steve said, handing Tony the soap and towel.  “Sink too, if you need it.  Toilet’s off the kitchen — there’s a sink in there as well.  I’ll leave the door cracked, so you can just come back in when you’re done.  I have some work to do here.  Just be quiet when you come back in — I don’t want to wake Buck.”
But Steve couldn’t force the words out.  Instead, he faltered, saying, “But I — I don’t think I can do this.”
Steve hesitated at the question, standing completely still in the hallway.  It was so close to the questions he had turned over his mind during his trip across the country, the ones with sharp edges that he’d tried smooth down, carrying them until they’d overwhelmed him at the Grand Canyon.  So close — but he could still feel the tacit dismissal when Tony threw the socks away, the sense that he was just another
Steve was slumped on the couch, his eyes half closed, but he seemed reluctant to leave before Tony did.
Tony continued picking at the label on the whiskey bottle.  Instead of answering, he continued on with the hymn, singing so quietly it was almost under his breath.  “That mourns in lonely exile here, until the son of God appear.”  His eyes lifted to meet Steve’s as he got to the chorus.  “Rejoice — rejoice, Emmanuel shall come to thee, O Israel.”
Tony paused, drawing a deep breath, but instead of continued song, silence settled over the room.  Steve glanced over, hands stilled in the process of unbuttoning his shirt.  The other man was watching him, his expression hidden in the dim light, the occasional burst from the fire drawing Steve’s attention away from Tony’s face for an instant before it snapped back.
Steve could remember the smell of Tony from that night, and it rose into his mind when he closed his eyes, the blue of the arc reactor still there.  Warm skin, with the faint undertone of Ivory soap and sweat and coconut overlying the earthy smell of hot metal that seemed to follow Tony wherever he went, in both this century and the last.
Steve watched him go, wondering what in the hell they were going to do.
But the comforting smell was suddenly gone, replaced by the one that had permeated the same room much later, the sickly sweet miasma of phlegm, of days’ old sweat soaked into sheets, the smell that followed the cycle of fever then chills, sweat on hot skin then cold.
Steve’s hand was clenched at his side, and Tony could see it trembling, the movement reverberating into his arm.  “He’s not worth it, sweetheart,” Tony said.  “We shouldn’t let him ruin our day.”
“Especially the car.  And the house in Malibu,” Tony added as an afterthought.  “You’re allowed to be happy here.  He’d want that.  And you can do things you thought you’d do with him.  He’d want that too.”
In the cool gray light of the morning, Steve finally fell asleep, exhausted and overwhelmed.
“He would have sassed us the whole time,” Tony answered.  “I don’t know about what — but he would have found something.”
Moving impossibly fast, Steve grabbed the front of the guy’s jersey, scrunching up the 88, and lifted him up with one hand.  Steve slammed him against the brick wall of the store hard enough that the cross-stitch piece in the window shook, the frame falling over.  Steve shoved his face close to his, and his eyes widened in shock.  “I’m sorry — I must have misheard you,” Steve said in a low tone that Tony was intimately familiar with.  It was often the only warning someone got before Steve lost his temper.  Steve rarely yelled when he was angry — he got quieter and quieter before the truly epic explosion.
Usually with that came the terror of their last days together, the fear that sat like a weight in his chest as Tony struggled to breath, his lips a faint blue and the air moving in and out with a  hollow rattle that echoed throughout the room.  He remembered seeing Tony in the tub that last time, surreptitiously enjoying the long lines of Tony’s body, the wiry muscle beneath the olive skin, the contrast of his dark hair, the beautiful blue of the disc in his chest with the silver casing around it.  Even sick, he had been so beautiful.
about that?” Natasha shot back.
“He makes the problem go away,” Steve echoed skeptically.  He stood up and drank the rest of the water from his bottle.  He walked towards the wall and threw the bottle away.  “I see.”
Steve’s eyes opened wide, and he shot up to sit on the edge of the couch.  “What did you say?”
Tony pulled his hand out of his pocket and showed his arm to Steve, rolling up the sleeve farther.  “It aches sometimes, especially when the weather is changing.  Looks worse than it feels.  I’m not doing a lot of intricate detail work these days.  That didn’t hurt — just forgot how warm your hands always are,” he said, turning his hand back and forth and opening and closing his fingers slowly to show Steve he was fine.
He mostly remained upright between Bucky and Tony on the streetcar as it swayed on its tracks.  They helped Steve up the stairs to the apartment once they got back and deposited him on the couch.  Bucky waved good-bye as he left for work, laughing at Steve still curled up but now fast asleep.
“If there’s anything I can do to help —” Tony trailed off.
He put his head in his hands, closed his eyes, and drew a deep sigh, trying not to remember too much.  Instead, Steve thought of his trip across the country that had left him emptier than when he’d left, of his desolation at the bottom of the Grand Canyon.  He could do this, he told himself firmly.  He could build a new team.  He could make friends with Tony again.  He could build a place for himself in this time.
Slowly everyone drifted to their rooms for showers and bed until only Tony and Steve were left.  Tony turned off the TV, the ceaseless chattering irritating him after seven months in 1939.  He missed jazz standards and blues playing at all hours, the full orchestra and singers live on the radio, every version just a little bit different.
Instead, he’d woken up here, with Tony so close — so very close — and yet still unreachable.  It was like they were on opposite sides of the Grand Canyon, with Natasha next to Steve, telling him how he could use the mud and sticks to build a set of wings and fly over to Tony, to reclaim what they’d had before.  Maybe it had been unspoken, and maybe Steve had imagined most of it — but it had been his.  It had made him happy.
“No, pal,” Howard said, his tone a little stilted.  “Why do you ask?”
“Something was never quite right about him,” Bucky said, not unkindly.
He stopped, lifting his face up, and in the streetlights coming in from the window, Steve could see the wetness on his cheeks.  He wiped his face one-handed.  “You even put your life back together you lost your — after Tony disappeared.
“I was trying to have a moment here.  Of how different my life is now, one year later.  How much better, because of you.”
Steve let her lead him, shooting her a wry glance.  “Just fine,” he said.
He knew how this would go, the way he could recall Christmas Mass to mind, the contours of the service familiar in his mind, the Latin comforting in its constancy, the lighting of the candles, and the singing of the hymns.  The prayers for intercession, the forgiveness of sins, the final benediction.  How the exhaustion of the midnight mass was washed away by the joy, the relief of the cold air after leaving the warm church, the way the stars dotted the dark sky after the candlelit sanctuary.  Steve could offer intercession for Tony, provide comfort and acceptance — a place for Tony to lay down his burdens, at least for a little while.  A sanctuary where he could rest, warm and safe, until he could pick them up again.
There was always Natasha though.
Tony must have fallen asleep, because he woke to a dark room with a shape hunkered down in the chair beside the bed.  He clicked on the soft indirect lights and found Steve there.  Steve was leaned over in the chair, his head in his hands with his elbows on his knees.  When the light turned on, Steve looked up, and Tony was shocked to find that he looked terrible.  His face was pale with dark circles under his eyes.  His expression was neutral, but Tony could see an emotion in his eyes that he was hard pressed to describe as anything but terror.
“Well, that explains the headache,” Tony muttered to himself.  Steve watched, his eyes narrowed, as Tony rubbed a gauntlet over his chest plate.  Tony’s hand paused over the arc reactor, the metal of the gauntlet blocking out the light, and his expression shifted first to realization and then to confusion.
Tony watched as Bucky left the room, surprised.  It was one thing to have heard the stories — from Howard and Peggy and the other Commandos Tony had met, in history texts, romanticized in historical novels and on movie screens, in documentaries — hell, even at the exhibit in the Smithsonian.  But was another to see the absolute devotion Bucky and Steve had for one another in their everyday lives.  Friendships like these were one in a billion, and Tony realized that he’d always assumed part of it was played up by the media, especially during the war — without a Captain America romance to capitalize on, instead they talked about his best friend from childhood, Bucky Barnes, sergeant in his unit.  The man who watched his back.
“I found Tony in an alley in Brooklyn.  In 1939.  I was twenty.  He fixed my ma’s radio,” he added a little hysterically.  Steve swallowed and flexed his fingers against the glass.  Once the words started to come, he was unable to stop them.  “He fixed the radio, and Bucky agreed to let him stay.  He made a living fixing things for people.”  Steve closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against the cool glass.  He could see it all so clearly in his mind.  “He treated me and Bucky to a Dodgers game for my twenty-first birthday.  I got drunk that day, and it was the first time I saw the arc reactor — except I didn’t know it had a name then.  I taught him to darn socks.  He was the one who told me my ma died.  He used to go with me to lay lilies on her grave.  He got pneumonia, and he probably would have died except he just — disappeared instead.”
“It’s okay, Steve,” Tony cut him off.  “I forgave you a long time ago for that.  You did what you thought you needed to do — you always did.”
Steve Rogers was gay, and Bucky Barnes knew.
It was a long night.  Now that he knew Steve was there, Tony had a hard time falling back asleep.  With the lights off, it was hard to see Steve in the dark, but Tony could hear every rustle and shift in the chair, every breath and sigh.  He even heard a hitched breath at one point that sounded suspiciously like a sob.  But Tony didn’t ask, and Steve didn’t offer an explanation.  It didn’t happen again.
She was his first friend here, his confidant and consolation in those first painful months.  Her posture always reminded Steve of his ma, with her quiet grace and unexpected strength.  It was hard not to think of his trip a year ago and the ghosts that had followed him.  Tony was here now, no longer a ghost.  They would lay at least a piece of Bucky to rest tomorrow at the Hoover Dam.  And it felt to Steve like his ma had sent Natasha to take her place, to watch over him, to kick his ass when he needed it and pick him up when he couldn’t do it himself.
From Brooklyn, he rode down the eastern seaboard to Washington D.C.  The night he got into town, he went to the World War II Memorial and watched the lighted water stream into the fountain of the Atlantic Pavilion.  He traced the letters on the New York column before seeking each of the others for the American Howling Commandos: California for Morita, Georgia for Jones, and Massachusetts for Dugan.  He came back to New York for Bucky.  He saw the lonesome statues of the Korean War Memorial and ran his fingers over the names etched into the black wall of the Vietnam Memorial, finding tears in his eyes as the country he loved seemed to fail time and again to learn from its mistakes.  He stood at the edge of the reflecting pool, with the Lincoln Memorial behind him and the Washington Monument visible above the World War II Memorial.  He avoided Arlington Cemetery, where his own gravestone and statue were, even though it also meant skipping the ones for Bucky.
“Aren’t you going to put me in the cell?” Tony asked, breaking Steve’s reverie.  Steve looked to Tony’s face, the afterimage of the flame within the lantern still burned in his vision.
A breeze kicked up, blowing sand and dirt between them, and Steve became aware of exactly how cold it was with the clear sky.  He thought of his warm bed with its pile of heavy blankets, the comforting crackle of the fire in his stove, the memory of the dream he’d been chasing when Natasha woke him up.  Goosebumps rippled over his arms, the breeze moving through the hair as it stood on end, and he wondered how much Tony had had to drink to not be feeling the cold.  “Shouldn’t you be coming in?” he asked.
Natasha sat up smoothly, pulling one leg in and stretching the second one out in front of her.  “You two weren’t exactly being quiet yesterday,” she said.  “Arguing over socks, was it?”
Steve just looked, awe in his expression, and his hands settled back on Tony’s hips, pulling them together just a little bit more.  The blue light shown between them, reflecting on Steve’s chest and arms.  Steve felt something in him unwind at the sight, elation starting to rise in his chest — this was real, and Tony was real, and Tony
Steve looked away, feeling his cheeks warm.  Of course Tony had no idea why he’d come to sit by his hospital bed.  There was no way for him to know.  It wasn’t even like they were friends — Tony had made it clear he was trying to stay away after the fiasco with Jarvis and tracking how much Steve ate.  Steve struggled for a moment before settling on the truth.  He aimed for wide-eyed, naive, sanitized truth.
“It matters to me, Steve.”  Natasha rolled over so she was looking up at him, and Steve placed his hand on her shoulder, still twisting one of her curls around his fingers.  “Look, you don’t have to talk about it if you don’t want, but that doesn’t mean I have to leave you alone.  I know you think that somehow that will be better — but I doubt it.  And I’d rather be here with you, even if we just sit in silence.  It would make me feel better, to not have to worry about you.”
He pulled off both of his undershirts, sighing as the damp cloth pulled away from his skin.  He threw it over the open door of the wardrobe for it to dry and looked down at the arc reactor, back to the door.  The blue light was comforting, and sometimes in the middle of the night when everyone else was asleep, he’d peek under his shirt to look at it, to remind himself that he didn’t really belong in this place or this time.  That he was from elsewhere.
Steve drew a slow, trembling breath and came back to himself, standing outside in the cold December wind, the full moon hanging above him.  Tony was studying him, his expression shockingly clear for how much whiskey he’d already had.  Shoving the bottle back at Tony, Steve jammed his hands into his pockets, feeling the back of his neck warm even in the crisp air.
“Yes,” Steve said, letting out a breath.  He could feel his tears soaking the blanket under his cheek.
Opening his eyes, he found Natasha sitting close.  She met his gaze — bright green staring into sky blue — before she leaned her head against his shoulder.  Her hair was warm and a little damp, smelling fragrantly with the hint of something spicy.  “You scared the hell out of Jarvis,” Natasha said.  “He locked down your apartment like you asked, against his better judgment.”
Tony huffed out a laugh and held out his cup.  Steve tapped the rim of his against Tony’s with a sad smile.  “Hard not to, seeing you again,” he answered.
It had made Tony’s disappearance all the more upsetting, that Steve hadn’t even been there for those last few moments.
Tony’s offer to live at the Tower had been a relief for both of them.  Clint had only felt more isolated and ostracized the longer he’d stayed at the Shield facility.  Natasha had taken to shadowing him everywhere, her presence a deterrent for the worst behavior.  And although she didn’t explicitly say it, Steve saw this behavior in Tony as another example of what she’d been trying to tell him: Tony anticipated the problem and came up with a solution to it, even before the two Shield agents had been aware there would be a problem.
“No, I don’t think so, Stark,” Loki said.  He shifted his hands to his chest, cupping them.  A green light started to form between his palms.  “I know you’re used to working alone.  Perhaps you could use a little perspective.  A little more understanding.  An opportunity to get to know your teammates a little better.”
“He’s a mechanic,” Steve answered confidently.  “He’ll find work.  And if not, we’ll figure something else out.  We always do.”
“Your boyfriend from the War shoulda died in a concentration camp,” the guy said, enunciating every word, “just like you two fudge packers.”
It was a painting, half-finished.  Tony was slumped over, in his final armor, his right hand still in the gauntlet with the stones in place, clutching at the arc reactor.  His skin was slack and grey, his eyes, barely focusing, the burn marks up his neck and face.  His head was slightly tilted to the side, looking out from the painting at something to his left.  Tony was outlined, but the painting was only half colored in.  Tony reached out, running his ruined fingers over the dried paint of his face, along the scarred right side.
He was never going to be beaten up in an alley again or be told what he could and couldn’t do.
“Like this one?” Tony pressed.  Steve felt the corners of his mouth lift a little.  Tony knew, at least when it came to him, where the soft spots were, even if he couldn’t always parse out why.
In Grand Junction, Steve bought a map and figured out that the Grand Canyon was seven hours to the southwest.  He marveled how the map had changed since Bucky had last poured over it, at Lake Powell, which had been created by damming the river in Southern Utah in the 1950s.  He thought about how impressed Bucky would have been that the river was still being used to change the landscape and people’s lives.  How Tony could have talked to him about the construction of the Glen Canyon Dam, how its physics were similar to that of the Hoover Dam, how the amount of hydroelectric power it produced compared to the Hoover Dam, and how it provided equitable water to both the upper basin for Colorado, Wyoming, and Utah and the lower for Nevada, Arizona, and California.  When the map lines blurred and a tear smudged the P on the lake’s label, Steve knew he wasn’t ready to go to the Grand Canyon yet.
He thought about the last things Tony had said, the last of the confused ramblings earlier that morning.  Tony had asked him to watch over him, to keep him safe.  He’d insisted that Steve promise — so of course he had.  And that had seemed enough, because Tony had visibly relaxed, finally falling into a deep and restful sleep.  He was so confident that Steve — scrawny, sickly Steve — would be able to watch over him and keep him safe.
A knock came on the door while Bucky was in the communal bathroom in the hallway.  Steve opened it to find an older man there, wearing an olive drab dress uniform for the Army.  He looked down at Steve, who saw his expression twist into disapproval before settling into confusion.  “James Barnes?” he asked, brandishing a letter.
He was so fucked.
It made him sad to remember, the certainty in Tony’s voice when he’d insisted that Steve didn’t like him, the confidence that Steve could save the world.
Steve sobbed, wiping his eyes with the back of one hand before covering them.  His short, shallow breaths transitioned to deeper, gulping gasps, and soon he was wheezing.
After a very long time, Steve’s eyelids closed.  His wheezing had stopped, and his breaths were coming in long, even draws.  He was awkwardly propped on his chair, Tony partially supporting him, his hand still on Tony’s chest.  Bucky met Tony’s eyes from behind Steve and mouthed,
That night, Steve tried to get comfortable on the bedding he’d brought with him inside the tent, but it was impossible.  He felt tired but not sleepy, and the nylon walls of the tent made him feel claustrophobic.  Steve walked from his campsite to sit by the river, looking up at the suspension bridge that connected the one side of the canyon to the other.  He felt the same way, caught between the past and the present, unable to move fully toward one or the other.
“Then why’d you keep it?” Tony asked, glancing back at the radio.  He'd have thought it would have been worth something as parts if nothing else.  Steve just shook his head, his expression troubled, and went back to the other room.
They ate in companionable silence, and Tony realized he wanted to apologize for what’d he’d done with the socks, even though obviously this Steve would have no idea what he was talking about.  Steve finally broke the silence.  “So I guess you got in with Bucky?  I doubt he would have introduced you to Enzo otherwise.”
Steve’s mind helpfully supplied, like he might have forgotten.
Bucky sighed, the levity of the moment draining away as reality set back in.  “Look, I don’t know what happened.  Maybe it’s one of those miracles your ma always talked about.  I think the best we can do is hope that wherever he is, they have something that can make his lungs better.  Maybe even his heart.”
The room was still warm, but the fire had burned down to embers in Steve’s absence.  He knelt down in front of the stove to bank the fire, carefully separating the coals from the ash.  Feeding more wood into the stove, he heaped the ash on top, protecting the embers so they could burn through the night.
It had been 6 years — well, 6 years, give or take another 60 — and even Steve began to wonder if what he’d felt so strongly was one-sided.  Everything now was so overwhelming, so difficult — so pointless.  He’d gone into the ice with the intention of not waking up again, because without Bucky or Tony, with his ma buried 6 years ago, there was nothing to wake up to.
“Yeah.  Nothing.  Just the instinct that keeps you alive because you’re a fucking super soldier.  I bet you’re right, nothing’s trying to kill you and, by association, me right now.”  Tony looked around one last time, but the scene was just as picturesque and unremarkable as before.  “I didn’t bring the suit, just so we’re clear.”
“You didn’t have to do that,” Steve heard himself saying, and even he wasn’t sure if he meant throwing the socks away now or learning to darn socks then.
“That’s the man you fell in love with,” Natasha finished for him.
.  The black and white didn’t convey the sallowness of his skin or the waxy texture, how thin his hair was or the broken and brittle nails on his hands, noticeable even with the charcoal dust from his drawing, or how pale his skin was that Tony could trace every vein from wrist to armpit.
It had been enough.
Tony set his jaw.  “I’ll stick around,” he said through clenched teeth.
Steve just shrugged, shoving his hands back into his pockets.  “I wouldn’t know.”
“I’m sorry for all the hurt I caused you,” Steve said by way of reply, his eyes downcast.  “It wasn’t fair — it was never fair, and you didn’t deserve —“
“Hey, Steve?” Tony said, feeling a little self-conscious.  He wasn’t used to needing things, especially material things, from other people.  And Steve didn’t even have any idea he was returning a favor.  “Thank you.  I really appreciate it.  Not everyone would be as helpful.”
“Please don’t leave me,” Cap whispered into Tony’s hand, his breath cold as it moved over his sweaty palm.  “I love you, and I can’t lose you too.”
She ducked back out of the room, not waiting to see if Tony sat.  He watched her walk to the desk, stealing one glance back towards the door of the room, ducking her head and looking away quickly when she saw Tony still standing in the doorway.
Steve watched Tony’s face as he answered, and he saw the hesitation there, the flash of realization as he caught up to the fact that this was going to end poorly.  “When you cut your intake.  You get hangry.”
Tony’s question initially didn’t quite register with Steve.  He’d been laying out rolls to go into the oven, and he’d only been half listening to the conversation, lost in the comforting methodical nature of peeling the rolls apart and placing them on the baking sheet, pleased with symmetry.  When he looked up, the question slammed into him: “You know you can order groceries whenever you want?  And order anything you want?”
Whoever Howard Stark was, however, he clearly was related to Tony.
Tony stood in front of him, hands on his hips.  “To make a few unsolicited observations, number 1: He warned you; 2: Not only did he pull his punch, he threw it left-handed, and 3: You can’t be
Tony appeared at Steve’s side, sleepily leaning into his space.  Steve slid his arm around Tony’s waist, pulling him close into his warmth.  “Remember this?” Steve asked, showing him the ring.
“Sorry,” Tony ground out, trying to stand up. He staggered, and Steve grabbed his arm to keep him from crashing back into the wall.  “I just — had a shock,” he said.  His head was suddenly throbbing, and he put a hand to his forehead.  He glanced down only to realize it showed the scrapes all up and down his arm.
surprised — they literally had an entire bond show around the idea of him punching Nazis.”
Steve would have been happy in that body and that apartment with that life during that time — if only Tony had been there.
Then the Avengers alarm went off.
a Dazi,” he protested again, spraying bloody spit in his irritation.
But the wedding band?  It had seemed neither his nor hers, instead more a remnant left over from her years with Joseph, who may have loved her but had never done so particularly well.  It reminded Steve of his ma’s bravery, of her unwillingness to be consumed by her husband’s alcoholism, of a particularly nasty past that had helped shape her into the woman he had known.  The talisman representing the ashes from which she’d risen after his death.
“Yeah,” Tony said, “now.”  He walked over to the elevator and hit the button.  While the elevator was moving, he tried to come up with something to say, but nothing came to him.  The doors opened out into the living area of Steve’s apartment.  Jarvis must have warned Steve he was coming, but he didn’t turn around when the elevator softly dinged and Tony stepped out.
Opening his eyes, Steve scooted closer to the records in the milk crate.  He thumbed mechanically through the albums: Harry James, Benny Goodman, Frank Sinatra, Glenn Miller, Ben Pollack, Jack Teagarden.  Others he didn’t recognize: Nat King Cole, Ella Fitzgerald, Billie Holiday, Louis Armstrong, Etta James.  He pulled one of the Ella Fitzgerald ones out at random and put it on the record player.  The pop and hiss of the needle came through the speakers, and then the sound of an orchestra filled the room.
earned yourself a needlepoint piece,” he said, pulling Steve down to give him a kiss on the cheek.  “If you broke the frame, I’m going to hang it in the common room just as it is to commemorate the afternoon.”
But as soon as it crossed his mind, Steve realized it was just wishful thinking on his part.  Surely if that had happened, Tony would have reached out to him — called him to see if Steve also remembered that experience, maybe ask him what the hell had happened.  He knew that things had remained tense between them after the Battle of New York, but surely Tony traveling back in time would have been enough to bridge the gap between them.
Howard’s file had been next, and, while his death in 1994 sounded like it had been tragic, Steve was also proud of him for building Stark Industries into a premier organization.  Maybe he never did perfect that flying car, but between Shield and SI, his life too had been successful and fulfilling.
He was a superhero, chosen because of what Dr. Erskine saw in him.  A good man, he’d said.
what it was like to lose one’s parents, but it died out almost as soon as it flared up.  Of course it was hard.  Tony had lived with his loss for almost twenty years.  Steve had lived with his for three days.
Tony sighed, covering Steve’s hand with his, the blue light of the arc reactor coming through between their fingers.  “Some day, Steve, they’ll find a cure for what you have.  But this isn’t it.”
Tony and Bucky pooled their money together, and Bucky made the arrangements at Queen of All Saints, the parish where both Sarah and Steve were members.  She already had a plot purchased at the Evergreens Cemetery, next to her husband Joseph.  He also made sure an announcement ran in the newspaper.
“Does anyone else feel like Loki’s not really trying with only one giant?” Tony asked.
Steve stormed out of the room, slamming the door behind him.  Tony sat down on Bucky’s bed, his head in his hands.  He heard Steve turn up the radio in the other room, the joyful music at odds with the sense of despair in the pit of Tony’s stomach.
Tony threw back his head and laughed.  “Howard collected everything — and I do mean
Steve punched him in the arm.  “You sound more like Buck than me when you do that.  They tried to drill it out of me for the bond show.”
This apartment didn’t have that sense of treading carefully around him, like Steve might have a breakdown if he ran into an unfamiliar piece of technology or saw a car outside his window.  He felt himself relax — the apartment didn’t have any more expectations than for him to just live in it.
Lurching out of the chair, Steve staggered the few steps over to the bed, his heart beating out of his chest in a way he hadn’t felt since the serum.  He pawed at Tony’s shoulder, missing the first time in his dread, before his fingers curled around the joint.  Steve shook Tony, a little too roughly at first before Steve reigned in his strength.  It took a few moments — a testament to how tired Tony must have been — before Tony also jerked awake, his eyes wide at the expression on Steve’s face.  It was only then that Steve realized he was babbling incoherently, a string of pleas directed at Tony falling out of his mouth, one after the other.
Steve closed his eyes and saw blue: the brilliant blue of his ma’s eyes that he saw in his own eyes every day; the stormy blue-gray of Bucky’s eyes that usually watched him through the mirror while he was getting ready, a soft, fond grin on his face; the blue of the disc in Tony’s chest.
For never being enough, never being the person that Tony saw in the delirium of his pneumonia.
He wiped his face with one hand then rested it on the top rock of the cairn, the moisture soaking into the smooth red surface.
“He said he has a letter to give you,” Steve answered with a shrug.
Steve turned on the lights, and Tony felt his breath catch.  The walls were bare brick, and they were all covered with art: paintings and murals, sketches and canvases.  They were all scenes from Steve’s Avenging days.  Tony took a few hesitant steps closer before he realized it wasn’t exactly just his Avenging days — they were all somehow centered around Tony and the things he’d created.
Initially, Tony had invited him just like the others, but instead of taking him up on the offer, Steve had decided to ride his motorcycle across the country.  Tony got it — he really did.  The guy had passed out while crashing a plane into the North Atlantic during World War II and woken up in the 21st century.  He had trouble coming up with a single thing that wasn’t profoundly changed from the life Steve had known before.
Tony ran through his options, which were pretty limited.  He could refuse, but he had no money, no normal clothes, and nowhere to go.  Or he could go with Steve and continue to have the most awkward experience of his life to date — which was really saying something — and figure out a plan from there.
Steve searched Tony’s eyes before nodding once.  “Together.”
Tony tipped his head to the side, his mouth partially open.  He drew a deep breath, pulling himself up a little straighter, and gripped his mug, clearly steeling himself.  “The radio.  You listened to it all the time.  And then you stopped after your mother died.  Did you ever turn it on again?”
The bottle hit him right in the middle of the belly, and Steve curled onto his side, laughing uproariously at her accuracy.  “You know,” he said as he gasped between breaths, “I actually do.”
Tony stood behind the couch, a mug of peppermint tea in his hands.  It had sounded good when he’d gotten back, much to the surprise of the rest of the team, but he found it was mostly the smell he’d craved; it was one of the last things he really remembered well.
“Why are you doing this?” Tony asked, his voice reverent and rough.  Behind Steve, the wood in the stove popped as a pocket of sap caught, lighting up Tony’s face in a small flare before it died back down again, still putting out slow and steady heat.
In fact, Steve hardly ever left the apartment, except on Sundays to go lay flowers — always calla lilies — on his parents’ grave.  Bucky rarely if ever came because it was his only day off, but Tony always went with him, waiting some distance away under a tree while Steve sat in the grass and spoke quietly to the granite headstones.  At some point, he’d finally opened the packet with her belongings, and Tony knew he wore her St. Monica medal at all times.  He’d brought the green lily pin and left it by the headstone.
“C’mon, Steve,” Natasha pleaded, her tone gentler.  “I get it — I really do.  You don’t have to do this alone.”
Tony gestured to the bedroom door.  “Just get Bucky — I can’t do this twice.”
With a sigh, Steve approached him, his hands well away from his holsters, palms up and away in an unthreatening gesture.  “A little early in the morning for Christmas carols,” Steve ventured, aiming for a light tone.
“Let me see,” Steve said, and he pushed away from Bucky.  He hurried across the hall back into their apartment on unsteady legs.  The bedroom door stood open, and Steve’s bed was empty.  The sheets were still damp from Tony’s sweat, and his impression was still there in the rumpled blankets.  Steve turned away, not daring to think about what it meant.  He charged out of the apartment and down the three flights of stairs in nothing but his towel, before he burst out into the street.
“Well, prison will do that.  If I blast you now, what’s the likelihood we can subdue your weird, poorly socialized cousin over there?”
The interactions were painful, and Steve knew he just couldn’t keep doing it.  Tony had extended an invitation for all of them to move into the tower once it was livable again.  Steve had been included in that invitation, but the idea of living so close to Tony —
Steve steeled himself and gave Bucky a grin, willing everything he had into it.  “’Til the end of the line,” he echoed, more confidently than Bucky had.  “But this ain’t it.”
Bucky made weekly trips to Brooklyn City Hospital to act as postman, dropping off letters from Steve and picking up letters from Sarah.  One morning he got home just before noon, looking exhausted.  “One of the guys on the job cut off a couple’a fingers with the shears for cutting the metal,” he explained between bites of the late breakfast Steve had kept warm for him on the boiler.  “Bled all over the place.  It was awful.  The guy screamed bloody murder too.  The foreman had to stop production, and then he wanted us to stay overtime to make up the work.  Tony, do you mind dropping off the letter for Sarah?  I told her I’d be there today, and she’ll worry if the letter doesn’t show up.”
Tony’s eyes widened in realization, and he glanced back at the doorway, where Steve had disappeared.  “Is she—?” he asked, trailing off when he realized there was no nice way to ask the question.
“You’re goig to pay for dis,” he said.  “I’ll habe you arrested.”
“I don’t think you get a say in that, pal,” Bucky shrugged, pushing past Steve.
It was better for everyone, Steve told himself firmly.  Especially for Steve, with his one-sided feelings for Tony.  Whoever it was he’d met in that alley in 1939, this Tony was clearly not the same man.
Trailing kisses up Tony’s neck, Steve wrapped his arms around him until Tony’s head fell against his chest.  Steve buried his nose in Tony’s hair, closing his eyes and enjoying the scent of hot metal, coconuts, and hair product, with Tony beneath it all.  “Thank you for bringing me here,” Steve said softly, his breath stirring Tony’s hair.  “Thank you for letting me do this for him.”
He believed that, by sheer determination, he could keep Bucky safe and get him home again.
What kind of person couldn’t deal with having
“The terrorists bombed his convoy in Afghanistan.  In the blast when they took him — he was hit with shrapnel, and it lodged near his heart.”  Natasha paused, and Steve felt her move beneath his head, the muscle in her thigh bunching up as she tucked her legs underneath her, turning to curl more around him.  “That kind of injury — having shrapnel that close to his heart — it can kill a person in a matter of days once it migrates into the heart itself.  The terrorists made a man named Yinsen hook him up to a car battery — it powered a magnet that kept the shrapnel from shifting.”
his brain offered up.  But he knew that Steve would only be insulted by such a comment.  He supposed he should be grateful that Steve had taken the food at all, instead of insisting it was Tony’s for his work.
Throwing back his head, Steve let out a laugh, although there wasn’t a lot of humor to the sound.  “I’ll always be from here.  But maybe it’s more important where you’re going.”  He looked over his shoulder for a moment before tugging Natasha back into motion.  “But I don’t think I have to explain that to you.”
“Uh,” Tony said.  Howard was, of course, in New York City before the war.  But that would be even more awkward than this.  Not to mention how in the hell he would convince the industrialist he was family and not some person trying to make a quick buck off him?  Howard would probably shoot him on sight.  “No.”
Enzo shook his head.  “He fixes my machine, I’ll give him a suit, another pair of pants, and throw in two shirts that’re already done and just need to be taken in, so he doesn’t have to wear yours.  I have twenty orders I need to fill that I’ll never be able to finish without it.”  Enzo crossed his arms and gave Tony a head to toe look, appraising.  “If you really can fix anything, maybe we have you over dinner to meet our Luciana.”
As someone who had trolled a lot of people, both men and women, Tony was a little surprised he hadn’t seen it sooner.  Steve looked at him with a heavy lidded interest that started at his stockinged feet but had faded to something almost completely concealed by the time he’d hit Tony’s chest.
Memories of the apartment still came upon him, unbidden, but they were tinged with fondness now, instead of loneliness and regret.  Tony had even found him a radio somewhere like his ma’s.
Steve barely ate and alternated between long stretches when he didn’t sleep at all to days on end where he wouldn’t get out of bed.  On the latter days, Tony would cuddle with him at night while Bucky was at work, Steve’s blond head resting on his shoulder and his breath finally evening out as it blew across his chest or his arm, depending on which way he was facing.  If Bucky noticed, he didn’t say anything.
“Maybe he escaped,” Natasha answered.
At that thought, he sat upright, staring across the apartment without seeing.
Maybe he’d gone hungry some nights, but for over six months, Bucky and Tony had been there.  They had filled up the apartment, filled the empty spaces in his life, and Steve had truly been happy.  Not only that, but he was pretty sure Bucky and Tony had been too.
Bucky drew a deep breath and settled back down onto the couch.  “You’d better be right,” was all he said before he relaxed, his face pressed into Steve’s thigh.
that needed to be
Steve stood slowly in front of Tony.  Gently cupping Tony’s jaw, he kissed his forehead in benediction, breathing in the scent of his hair and the faint perfume his soap had left behind.  Tony’s eyes fluttering shut, he sighed, his breath on Steve’s wrists, and reached up to wrap his hands around Steve’s forearms.  They stayed like that for a long moment, Steve’s lips on Tony’s skin, Tony’s hands on Steve’s arms.  The warmth of the room enveloped them, the soft light from the stove flickering over the walls and ceiling.
“I know, Steve,” Bucky cut him off, his words slurring a little.  He shoved past Steve unsteadily and collapsed on the couch, which was still warm from Steve’s body.  “I have orders to ship out to Europe tomorrow, and you’re still 4F.  You’d do anything to go, and I don’t want to.  I get it — you’re braver than I am.  You always were.”
The fever took him, and he seemed to exist in a strange world halfway between his workshop back home and the apartment.  He heard the big band music in the background, the volume alternately too loud and too quiet.  He talked to Jarvis at length about upgrades to the armor and the need for something to protect against Loki.
Well, fuck.
He felt dizzy again, although this time it was because the dawning realization that Loki had sent him to another time — and maybe even another place.  Tony squatted down, bracing his back on the brick wall at the entrance to the alley, and put his head in his hands.
He stopped, turning back to the building, looking up to the window on the fourth floor, and Natasha saw tears in his eyes.  “You’re right — Bucky was always there.  He worked nights, so it was like he was never gone.  It was comforting, to hear him snoring in the bedroom while I drew, to know he was always right there.  Even when Ma died and Tony disappeared, he was there.  And then he got called up.  What was I supposed to do?  Where was I supposed to go?”
The words filtered over Steve, and it took a moment before what Tony meant snapped into place.  Steve’s eyes flew open, and he was on the edge of the couch before he’d consciously decided to move.  “What did you say?”
She huffed a small laugh, and Steve felt more than saw the curl of her smile as her cheek moved against his arm.  “It would take more than Jarvis to keep me out of somewhere I really wanted to be.  No offense, Jarvis,” she added as an afterthought.
For a long time, he lay with his eyes open, staring blankly across the darkened room towards the wall.  Steve concentrated on Natasha’s breath against his back, following her deep, even inhalations and exhalations.  It lulled him, and eventually he fell asleep, with tears still caught in his eyelashes.
“Or him.”
Tony had already pulled out his phone and was typing on it.  “Sounds good to me, but I can do you one better.  The jet can meet us in Las Vegas and take us home.  I’ll get someone to take care of the car.”
They buried her three days later.
snap — it all became too much.  Their individual experiences with PTSD, the nightmares, the scars — both emotional and physical — that was what finally what tore them apart.  Tony was never quite able to recapture the peace they’d built around the cabin; never quite able to find that easy intimacy they’d established there or open himself up again like he had during those idyllic years.  Something stayed with him, after watching Peter dissolve away in his arms and Thanos’s ship appear in the sky over the compound.  After his heart stopped when he’d thought that Cap had died in the rubble.  The pain that had seared through every nerve ending in his right arm, burning muscle and sinew as he’d saved the universe one last time.  They were all things he just couldn’t shake, things that stayed with him the way nothing else had.
It wasn’t the same though.  Steve wanted the warmth of Tony curled up behind him, having pulled Steve against his chest, his thighs tucked behind Steve’s.  He longed for the hum of the mechanical thing in Tony’s chest, the one he could hear whenever Tony was close enough once he knew what he was listening for.  He wanted the comfort of the blue light that always shined no matter how dark it was.  They’d only slept curled like a few times, but Steve had never felt that comfortable.
Steve set his cup down on the table and tipped his hands to the side, weaving his fingers together as he sat forward.  “Tony — Pepper gave her my information when she started it.  We’ve been working very closely together on it.  I contributed quite a few pieces for her to use.”
Steve hesitated.  He knew she was very good — he’d seen it first hand during the Battle of New York — but he also didn’t want to hurt her.  She grinned, as though reading his mind.  “Give it a chance before you decide it’s not going to work,” she said.  She walked over to the sparring mats and spread her arms wide before going up on her toes and tucking one leg behind the other in a curtsy, the entire move graceful.  She repeated the curtsy to the other side, coming back up to standing.  “It’s just me — I’ll even promise to pull my punches.”
“Bellevue Hospital is that direction — it was old even when I was a kid,” he said, pointing to the southeast.  “Did you know that the last patient who’s still in the hospital after the Battle of New York is admitted there?  All the rest have either been discharged or died.”
Really, there wasn’t much of a choice.
Steve drew a deep breath to resume the argument in the hallway, but Bucky turned away, bracing both of his fists on the table, letting his head drop and his shoulders slump.  “Can we just — not tonight, Steve?” he asked quietly.  “I have to go to work, and then I have to figure out a way to tell my parents and sisters, and I just — I just don’t have the energy for this tonight.”
“I don’t cut my intake,” Steve replied, almost reflexively.  He couldn’t talk about this.  Not here.  Not now.
Steve felt his mouth open and close, unable to produce any sounds.  Finally, he managed to blurt out, “Do you have family in Iowa?”
Of course, in retrospect, it wasn’t particularly convincing, as both Tony and Nat had seen right through it.  But then again, neither was Tony’s.  They just all tacitly agreed not to call each other on their bullshit.
“You do this every year.  I’ve been here six years since —“  Steve trailed off, before resuming with, “And you were already living here when I came.  We’ve spent the night of December 15th together every year since I became sheriff.  I figured maybe this year we try something different.”
“Yeah, I figured,” Natasha answered.  She squeezed his elbow gently, arm still there to support in case Steve needed it.  She drew in a long breath, and Steve looked away, bracing himself as she decided to ask anyway.  “Are you okay?”
The expo was pushed from Steve’s mind until the day Bucky got his orders.  Bucky told him about the 107th in the alley after driving off the jerk from the movies theater and promised Steve a visit to the future with the two girls Bucky had found for the evening.
He tapped on the door before pushing it open.  Bucky had his pants but no shirt, and he looked up in surprise at Steve’s appearance.  “There’s a guy here for you,” Steve said, and he knew his reluctance was clear on his face.  Bucky cocked his head to the side in confusion before pulling his undershirt on over his head.  “From the draft board,” he clarified.
Steve would have never gone so far as to say he was relieved to hear about Bucky and the rest of the 107th, but it did make some things much clearer for him.  Ultimately, he didn’t need Agent Carter’s urging about Dr. Erskine’s intentions — he knew what he needed to do.
Steve reappeared at the music.  “You got it working again,” he said, wonder in his tone.  “I never thought I’d hear it play again.”
“Get changed,” she said, running a hand through her wild curls and stifling a yawn.  “We’re getting bagels.”
So he continued west, through Tioga Pass and Tuolumne Meadows down to Yosemite Valley.  He climbed to the top of Upper Yosemite Falls, looking out over the valley with Half Dome to his left and El Capitan out of sight to his right.  The water roared furiously over the edge from the last of the spring melt, and Steve sat on a granite ledge, leaning against the metal bars to prevent people from falling.  He wondered what the free fall would feel like from the edge of the granite cliff down to the Valley floor, all 2425 feet of it.  The spray from the falls left him cold and damp, and he felt utterly alone, wishing that Bucky were there.  When he closed his eyes, all he saw was the deep blue of the North Atlantic fading into black nothingness, feeling weightless as he’d pointed the nose of the Valkyrie down towards the ice, followed by the cold water seeping into his uniform.
That got Steve’s attention, and he put his pencil down, his expression making it clear the panel was already forgotten.  “What do you mean, something you need to tell me?”
The bustle in the kitchen ground to a halt, and Tony realized a moment too late that he probably shouldn’t have added that last part.  “When I do what?” Steve asked.  He had been laying out rolls to put out in the oven, but his hands had stilled, frozen mid-motion over the baking sheet.
Obviously, there was no incense, no homily, no procession or recession.  No recitation of the Apostles’ Creed or the Lord’s Prayer.  No kneeling and sitting and standing at regular intervals.  But Steve was aware of the space around him like a tangible thing, the sense of safety in a large but enclosed space — the presence of the still air filling vaulted ceilings, of moonlight through stained glass windows, of a hand raised in silent benediction.  The flicker of four candles, three purple and one pink set into a wreath being used to light the final white candle in the center.  The comfort of each in turn: hope, and faith, and joy, and — finally — peace.
Steve closed his eyes and leaned his forehead against the cool glass.  He didn’t sleep, but he tried his hardest to find that peace again, that calm.   He thought of the cold of the North Atlantic, the beautiful blue of the ice and water, the satisfaction of his job finished, the relief of finally being able to lie down without the obligation of having to get up again.
What had Tony known that he hadn’t told Steve?
“I’m just going to —“ Steve started, hooking a thumb over his shoulder towards the chair next to the hospital bed.
Steve hoped so — he hoped so fiercely, as though the passion with which he felt that desire could burn its way to Tony and keep him warm.  He thought of how closed off this Tony was, the way his expression never seemed to completely relax, or how his smiles never really reached his eyes.  When he pictured this Tony, Steve saw him dressed impeccably, not a wrinkle in his pants or suit jacket, his arms crossed tightly over his chest and his posture stiff and intractable.  Hopefully this was a place that Tony could relax, show the easy smile that Steve loved, the one that caused the lines around his eyes to crinkle, letting Steve know that it was real.
with highly trained assassins.  We’re leaving our options open to having our own reality show.”
Tony swallowed.  “There was an accident there last night,” he said.  “That’s probably why they weren’t able to answer the phone.”
Enzo laughed.  “We’ll get you fixed up,” he said, gesturing to Tony’s stomach, “and even send you home with some for Bucky’s friend, Steve.  My wife made bolognese ragù — no meat of course, but she had some extra onion and carrots for it — and cucuzza with parmesan and breading.”
Steve walked with him to the rail station, where a cluster of other men dressed in drab olive loitered.  Bucky lifted his chin, his hat at a jaunty angle.  Steve found himself looking around, but when Bucky caught his eye, he just shook his head.  “I asked them not to come,” was the only explanation he offered.
