“You know it’s not just those sections You know the entire thing is written like that, as if you weren’t even there.” Phil had apparently moved while Tony’s eyes had still been closed, because he was standing now, the offending report left behind on the coffee table. He wasn’t pressed right into Tony’s space the way Clint would have been, but like everything Phil did he was precise, situating himself just a step too close to be solely professional. “Writing yourself out of the picture like this is a manipulation of the truth. It’s an attempt to sell both of us the fiction that you are far less integral than you are. I won’t have you lying to either yourself or me, not as your handler and not as your Dominant.”
“Can’t ask you to make a major life decision when you’re still under. Informed consent, Sugar Cookie. Now for fuck’s sake open it so we can actually ask.”
“Well of all the spectacularly stupid things I’ve ever seen you do that one probably cracks the top ten. And that’s really sayin’ somethin,’ Stevie.” Bucky didn’t even sound angry. That, Steve had learned over the decades that he’d known and loved this man, was when Bucky was at his most dangerous. Anger hindered him, make him prone to rushing and making mistakes (much like Steve himself.) But when he came at you like this? This was Bucky-the-sniper. Patient, calm, entirely capable of waiting it out, for hours if necessary, just to unerringly locate and exploit a target’s most vulnerable point. Steve had never once come close to beating this version of Bucky; to the best of his knowledge, no one ever had. So he elected to say nothing, making a valiant attempt at reviewing a memo from Natasha about a peacekeeping mission the UN was requesting SHIELD support on. (They could send in Thomas, maybe, he had a strong relationship with the head of the peace-keeping task force. Maybe he could even take Talia in with him. Some experience in diplomatic work with a branch that tended to attract highly-qualified submissives might be good for her…)
“I forgot it’s not really public knowledge for most people in this world. His sister was Wanda Maximoff. You would have known her as the Scarlet Witch.”
The second Tony placed a period at the end of the sentence, written out just as Phil had dictated, his Dominant was waiting with a kiss. He gripped the back of Tony’s neck and took, teeth and tongue insistent, greedy, impatient, all the things Phil Coulson never was except like this. Tony whined when it was over and couldn’t even muster up the energy to be embarrassed.
Tony woke the next morning after a short and fitful sleep and was halfway to getting dressed to head down for check-in before he realized there wouldn’t be one. Bruce wouldn’t be waiting in the lab to ask Tony a hundred questions, using clever hands and keen eyes to find all the things Tony tried to hide. Tony could stay in bed all morning if he wanted, or get up and drink an entire pot of coffee. Hell, he could get mind-numbingly drunk if he wanted. It should have felt freeing, not like being stabbed repeatedly in the gut and then having the wounds rubbed raw with sandpaper.
“I’m the reason your Dominant has a perpetual headache,” she volunteered cheerfully, which startled a reluctant laugh out of Tony. The easy way she claimed Steve as Tony’s also made the knot it in his gut relax just slightly. Then one of the beads at her wrist flashed, and Tony was reminded of an almost unreal tech he’d only managed to catch glimpses of during the final battle in his previous universe.
It was finally the end of an extremely long first week home. Steve all but threw himself at the couch, landing with enough force that the furniture slid several inches across the hardwood floor and nearly sent Clint falling off the arm. It had been ages since Steve had forgotten his body’s strength like that, and he winced as he inspected first Clint and then the floor for any damage.
And there it was. The real cause behind Tony’s resistance, the very thing Clint had been digging for. He let Tony stew for a good half minute as he retrieved the bag of food from Steve’s  feet, plated the sandwiches and handed one of the plates to Steve himself. The last thing Steve was honestly concerned about at this minute was food, but he took a bite anyway, determined not to ruin this for Clint when he was playing it so perfectly. Then the archer sat back down on the couch, stroking a hand through Thor’s hair even as his gaze stayed fixed on Tony.
“Five tools. Name five tools in this room, Tony, now.” The command was clear and beautiful and Tony’s brain, so much closer to a panic attack than he’d realized, latched onto it like a lifeline. He didn’t really need to cast his eyes around the room to catalogue its contents, but he remembered enough from the few sessions of therapy he’d been forced to attend to recognize that this was less about accuracy and more about grounding himself in the material present. He focused on the bench near the back, the only one that didn’t seem to have been cleared off in the wake of the other Tony’s death.
Tony wanted to argue with that, wanted to banish forever the idea that Steve could be unworthy of anything, but he couldn’t find the words, and Natasha took over before he could manage anything but a teary sniffle.
, a brutal voice jabbed, no euphemisms allowed—of the first version of Tony Stark; starting right back at the beginning again with another felt not just hopeless but cruel to both Steve and Tony.
“I see you are absolutely devastated by the prospect of leaving us,” Domen said drily. Steve tried for an apologetic expression, but she rolled her eyes. “Don’t bother. I’m truly glad you’re content in your decision. Any plans for the future you wish to share?”
Tony had been weird for days after returning from his first solo scene with Phil. Steve noticed it right away—the odd politeness, the unexplained bouts of blushing, followed by periods of snappy irritability.
. He attributed the complexity of the text, which was moving constantly in and out of places and perspectives at a dizzying rate, as well as Gwen’s continued and inexplicable stealthiness, to the way he jumped about a foot in the air when she tapped the cover of the novel.
“Okay, okay. Look, gimme two minutes and then I’ll be gone the way I came. I’ll even knock the button on the pain-killer dispenser up a level or two on my way out.”
Now, see, that one wouldn’t seem all that unusual except for the fact that you had just spent two pages describing in detail everything Clint did to take down a group of similar size a few floors down. Why the absent agent again, and the strange lack of detail about what actually happened?” The fact that Tony heard pages rustling instead of seeing them was the only thing that made him realize he’d closed his eyes at some point during this interrogation. He kept them screwed shut as Phil continued reading. “Ah, yes, this one is my favourite.
“I was thinking of changing up the art that’s hanging in the Tower. There’s so much in storage, and since you’ll actually appreciate it way more than I will, I thought maybe we could look through it together sometime.” It occurred to Tony a few seconds after the words left his mouth that it was maybe a little too weird to be keeping up a conversation while in the middle of an explicitly sexual scene. He just felt so damn comfortable, lazy just like Steve had said, and while the fantasy of being kept the way they were playing at had mostly to do with sex, it was also fundamentally one about having time to devote to all the aspects of pleasing his partners. Steve really would get a lot out of the art that Tony had mostly only treated as investments before. Steve smiled and leaned down to kiss him, a slow drag of tongue and teeth that left Tony breathless when it was over.
“I had members of the Iron Legion automatically set to deploy in certain situations. I wasn’t keeping watch on you specifically, I had made an algorithm that determined the best conditions under which to take Toomes in with minimal risk and public attention. Tonight was it.”
“—but it’s intended more than anything as a gift. If it starts to feel like something else, you have your yellow as well as your all-stop safeword. And remember that there’s also no required number or amount of time we need to spend here. A big part of the aim is to get you to a place where you can accept everything else we want to give you. When you’re there, all you have to do is tell us. Understand?”
Privately, Tony thought that knowing what was going on his own damn head was a pretty low bar he was struggling to meet, but as all previous experience suggested Bruce would not be pleased by this assessment, he held his tongue and took an overlarge bite of his banana. He very nearly choked, and Bruce kindly restrained the laugh that was trying desperately to escape.
2. You are absolutely correct that in a relationship involving this many people, jealousy does occur. There were several potential examples to choose from, but this felt like a particularly rich instance.
“Seriously, though, you wanna talk about what prompted Scrub Fest here, or should I just start guessin’?” The spray was bubbling, which Steve didn’t remember the cleaners telling him would happen, but it was probably normal, right? He sighed and set the bottle down on the edge of the tub.
“Sword?” Tony tilted his head, squinting his eyes. “That doesn’t look like—oh no. Coulson, no.” This time, Phil outright laughed. (Tony realized with a start and a warm feeling of accomplishment that he’d never had the chance to see his Coulson laugh before. He liked the sound very much, and he liked even more the way it sometimes felt like he really belonged in this universe.)
Content Notes: Okay, I don't exactly know how to warn for this without giving half the chapter away. So if you have no triggers, maybe skip this note. In short, Tony is the only one available when JARVIS lets him know that Steve is about to arrive at the Tower in the midst of Dom-dep. He knowingly (without informing Steve, whom he rightly suspects would reject the help to the detriment of his own health if asked directly) presents/performs some behaviours that read to Steve as submissive. Steve's instincts respond by exhibiting some of their own minor shows of Dominance, which he believes at the time to be unwelcome and non-consensual to Tony. None of what happens between them is sexual, and no one is harmed; Steve just doesn't have full knowledge of what's going on, and has some guilt about responding exactly the way Tony is trying to get him to in order to give him some degree of relief from the Dom-dep.
Natasha came up to meet him when the session was over as she often did. She was carrying a bag of take out that smelled absolutely heavenly (he was almost positive it was from the Italian place on Bleeker that was one of Steve’s favourites, and his stomach growled approvingly), but she jerked it out of his reach when he made a grab for it.
There was no way he’d be allowed in R&D now, but Pepper and Rhodey were probably the only two people left that Tony would follow anywhere without question. So Tony did as he’d been instructed, sliding clumsily into a pear of nondescript grey sweats and a zip-up hoodie that matched Pepper’s. (He didn’t even bother to put a shirt on under the latter, though, a crime against fashion so severe that his own Pepper likely would have refused to be seen with him if she received advanced warning.)
“Then I’ll tell them whatever line is going to be most believable. I’ll commit to it with everything I’ve got, I’ll pull out all my best tricks, but I am telling you that I’m not wearing his collar anywhere, including on that stage.”
“Throwing stereotypes and glib jokes at the Toronto offices is not actually going to help things. Stop trying to distract me, and call off this ridiculous suit so I can run your company!” Tony halted midway through a kind of twirling motion and stuck his finger out at Pepper.
“My turn. Please, I need to get this out.” When Tony nodded his assent, Steve pressed on. “I never should have spoken to you the way I did last night. I think I did have a right to be angry, but I know my own hot head well enough that I should have removed myself from the situation or taken a breather or something before I reached the point of yelling or insulting you. I am truly sorry.”
Before the visit, Steve had filled Sam in on who Tony really was. He didn’t know and hadn’t asked if knowing that this Tony was a different man from his counterpart made it easier or harder for Sam, but when Sam had accepted the invitation to come out to Malibu Steve had mostly relaxed about it, content to let Sam work through and verbalize his feelings on his own time. Until now, when his friend and his partner were staring warily at each other and Steve felt frozen to the spot, unsure of how to make the moment easier on either of them.
“Hey May, what were you thanking Steve for when you got here? Did he go on yet another side mission rescuing neighbourhood cats that I don’t know about?”
He hadn’t counted on Pepper being the first to do so, although he should have. She showed up to a meeting that was supposed to be about wardrobe for the press conference and declared,
“I mean, yeah, pretty much. Stuff happens sometimes, of course, but most people have copies of similar documents saved and easily accessible at all times. Even to use a dating website here you have to have some version of a contract uploaded, because even if something doesn’t start out as a proper scene, orientation can sometimes have unpredictable effects. There’s just no use in risking the type of harm that can result from people not knowing at least the basics about each other’s limits.” To Tony the whole thing sounded both legalistic and non-spontaneous, and he said as much. Rhodey grunted thoughtfully. “I guess I can see how it would feel that way. For us it’s just…normal. It’s what we do, how we keep each other safe. And honestly, for a lot of people it kind of serves as foreplay too. Ideally this stuff is supposed to be fun, so it can be kinda enjoyable to talk about it, too. Wait, so does this mean…are you dating them or subbing for them?”
Beyond those tests, which are difficult to predict given by own regrettable ignorance of the intricacies of Wakandan medicine, the most likely variation between the two samples if the MCU version of Stark has not taken on any of the biochemical components of submission will be that his blood will lack the hormones related to orientation (those being subtonin and Dominin, as outlined by Dr. Banner in Chapter 6.) Because, as Banner notes in that chapter, those hormones have a so-called Domino effect on other hormones, their presence or absence in Stark’s blood could conceivably cause other irregularities.
Whether Steve somehow picked up on that, or for some other reason entirely, his eyes widened and his lips parted slightly.
“As discussed, Ms. Potts has returned to Stark Industries’ New York Headquarters for the day. The Avengers are in the communal training facilities. They requested, multiple times, that I make you aware of their location and indicate to you that you are welcome to join them if you wish. However, Colonel Rhodes never formally lifted the communications blackout between the team and yourself, and I have never found it prudent to go against the Colonel’s orders in the past.”
“Steve.” The speaker’s tone suggested this was not the first or even the second time they had tried to get his attention. Distantly Steve felt ashamed of the idea that Bucky Barnes, of all people, should ever struggle to get and maintain his focus. Bucky had once been practically his whole world. “JARVIS told me you were in here. I thought we agreed no more than once a week.” More echoes of a feeling that would be shame if Steve’s body and heart knew how to really feel anything anymore. Because how ridiculous was it that his team had to keep tabs on him this way, restricting his access to Tony’s old bedroom and clothes. (He’d only agreed to the schedule in the first place because he wanted to try to make the faint scents of Tony—motor oil and coffee and sugared blueberries—linger as long as possible. Already they were fading. Already Steve wondered sometimes if all he was really smelling when he buried his nose in Tony’s pillows was some kind of olfactory-based manifestation of his own desperation to hold on just a little longer, a little harder.)
“Sorry. Usually better at remembering to let other people breathe more often than I need to. Lie back, sweetheart; arrange the pillows however it’s going to be most comfortable for you. We’re going to be here for a while.” That sounded promising, and Tony would be lying if he said he hadn’t thought more than once about the impact the serum might have on Steve’s stamina, so he took the instruction seriously. He used a couple pillow to prop his head and neck, slid another lengthwise underneath the middle of his back (to ensure he didn’t arch at too extreme of an angle and put too much pressure on his chest); he contemplated putting another beneath his hips, but that seemed a little too presumptuous, so he settled for placing it within arm’s reach. Then he draped himself across the bed in what he hoped was at least a mildly pleasing display.
“Somethin’ wrong?” Tony didn’t answer right away. For a few moments the sound of the musical and Steve’s heavy, laboured breathing were the only noises in the room. Steve had all but given up on even an acknowledgement that he’d spoken when Tony sighed, paused the movie, and stood up at the same time as lifting Steve’s sweater off of himself. He gestured impatiently toward a long gash along his side, raising his arm so Steve could get a better look.
Dr. Domen’s response to this news was entirely underwhelming. She congratulated Steve, yes, but then she slid her tablet out of her bag and seemed to intent to proceed as usual. No discussion about reducing the schedule, or ending their sessions altogether.
to be involved in some of this. But I do get not wanting to screw anything up in terms of the asking, given that we’re kind of flying blind here.”
“You may be overcomplicating this. Dominance is ultimately about demonstrating care. So rather than try to mold yourself into the submissive you believe Captain Rogers or anyone most wants, perhaps you should try to find opportunities to allow them to care in ways that resonate for you.”
“Certainly it’s something we would need to be particularly cautious of. Bucky actually had a great idea the other day about how to alleviate some of those concerns, though.” As one, the table’s attention turned to Barnes, who plainly hadn’t been expecting it and had just put a heaping spoonful of soup in his mouth. He swallowed, a loud gulp that to be at least partly for show.
.” He didn’t know he was going to speak until he’d whispered the words into the chasm that felt like it separated him from Phil, from everyone who was normal and decent and didn’t get angry at their partners for asking them to
“You can’t tell them, you can’t. I’ll tell them about Fletcher and their Howard and all of that, but the rest of it, you can’t, please.”
Steve’s euphoria over his relationship didn’t fade the way even he had expected it would. Even the things that seemed like they might be barriers—like Tony being so new to their world—were often unexpectedly exciting. Steve got to experience even the most mundane aspects of orientation from a new perspective; watching Tony the other day when Clint had buckled cuffs on him and clipped his wrists together at his front, for instance, had been wholly captivating. Tony had stared down at his hands and then back up at Clint in shocked helplessness, like he couldn’t quite believe his Dominant had done precisely as he’d promised and rendered Tony’s constantly busy, endlessly capable hands immobile.
“Fletcher,” Tony agreed. “I did tell you that I knew I'd read his name somewhere. The report was buried deep in SI's systems, but I came across it briefly when I was rooting around trying to find blackmail material to make the Board back off Pepper. I didn’t do more than check the title, I swear, and I didn’t know what I was seeing at the time. But that’s gotta be why SI is so against the pilot program at SHIELD, too—too much of a chance that their prior knowledge of this is going to come out of the woodwork.”
“I’ll be there too, and I did have some input into the project. But from what I understand, Bucky took the lead on the whole thing, so it seems only right he should be the one to show it off.”
The applause when they finally reached the meeting rooms on the top level went on the longest, but it was also the most painfully insincere; the palms of the men surrounding Tony barely touched, and their attempts at beaming smiles were so strained he wondered idly if they might end up pulling one of the muscles around their mouths. (Say what you like about Obie, and Tony had certainly thought and said his share over the years, but at least the guy’s act had been convincing until right at the very end.)
“There was a shocking lack of naughty content.” Tony cocked his head in consideration and then reached down to tug his sweatpants off, letting his legs fall open in invitation. He wasn’t entirely certain he’d ever be able to get it up again after Phil’s sorcery earlier that morning, but he was down far enough that his exhaustion was rapidly seeming less important than giving Steve what he wanted.
. The second ball landed next to the second, and Coulson closed his fist again, a tender embrace of Steve’s most horrible secrets.
Tony felt their eyes on him as he finished scanning the last of the info-packet Coulson and JARVIS had hastily compiled after Tony’s…well, his freak out. He’d reviewed bits of the AI’s base code (so much more stable and more complex than what he and Bruce had been able to accomplish), data from Ultron himself (detailed and precise, a tone not unlike JARVIS’s), and several news stories reporting on the release and impact of the Ultron program.
“Steve, you’re scaring me.” That, at least, cut through the panic and self-loathing enough for Steve to force a few deep lungfuls of air into his system. He still wasn’t up to trying to explain top-drop to someone who probably didn’t know what it even was—Steve should have thought to go through this before they’d ever scened, but it had been so long since he'd really dropped like this…
Perhaps, though, this should not have come as a surprise. The more time Phil spent with Tony the more he’d come to realize that one of the sharpest distinctions between him and the other version of the man that Phil had oved was that without any baggage surrounding submission itself, Tony’s natural inclination was to throw himself headlong into every scene. He went down as far and as hard as he could every time, gave over so much and held nothing back. It was beautiful, to be on the receiving end of that kind of trust and devotion, of course it was, and there would always be a time and a place for those kinds of scenes. But it didn’t always have to be that way, either, couldn’t be both because of the time constraints of non-vacation life and because eventually Tony would burn himself out. As much as Phil wanted to keep encouraging Tony to use submission to let himself break down into as many pieces as he need to, he was equally invested in helping Tony build himself back up again, so that eventually they could reach a point where some play was simply that: play.
“You need to see him. I’m not trying to hurt you, goddammit Steve, but I know you. If you don’t see his body you’ll convince yourself in a few weeks, a few months on the outside, that he’s somehow still alive. That this has all been some kind of terrible mistake. And the fact that it’s Tony and he’s been declared dead before, not to mention how generally insane our lives are with shit like this…that’ll feed the denial. You’ll be waiting for him around every corner, sure you're about to hear him laugh, see him smile.”
like to critique the way the media talks about True orientations, but this press conference isn’t the time. We don’t want people asking why he’s so much more concerned with mocking the veneration of Trues than enjoying being back with Steve.” Phil didn’t challenge the idea that it was only Cap to whom Tony had been returned. None of them did.
“Not that. The thing. The D/s thing. I know it was supposed to be with someone else, but I’d like it if you did it.”
No warnings, I don't think, necessary for these responses. As always, let me know if you disagree, or have questions/concerns regarding tagging.
. Well, Butterfingers was mainly spinning herself in circles with her arm raised in the air, but Barnes had hold of her claw and was crooning to her.
“Idiot,” Tony whispered, trying to inject every ounce of love and affection and tenderness he felt toward Steve into the insult. The other man gave a watery laugh.
Tony explained the extreme highs and lows of his morning as he and Bucky led the way into the sunroom. It was exactly as Tony remembered it: polarized glass walls which trapped heat in the winter and repelled it in the summer, all looking out over the ocean glittering in the sun below. An infinity pool sat in the middle of the room; Tony was delighted to see that, unlike himself, Mark II had never let himself be talked down from adding  a giant faucet full of multi-coloured bubbles which he would never admired was
The thing about being declared legally dead twice in the span of only a few years was that Tony had quickly realized what a pain in the ass resurrection was, legally speaking. So many forms and phone calls and paperwork, on actual paper because apparently it was worth continuing the wholesale destruction of the planet to make formerly-dead people fill out ‘Not-Dead’ forms in triplicate. Not to mention that all his damn credit cards always stopped working, and having to ask Happy to pay for the hamburger after Afghanistan had been mortifying. After the destruction of the Malibu house, Tony had vowed never to be forced into dealing with it again. So he’d met with almost the entirety of SI’s truly massive legal team, and after a host of meetings that were hilarious and irritating in equal measure, he’d eventually emerged with a complex series of agreements that essentially froze the majority of Tony’s major assets and protected his identity until five years following his confirmed death.
“There’s a call for you from Avenger’s Tower.” Steve blinked and his eyes reflexively sought out his cell phone, which he found sitting fully charged on his nightstand per usual. “Oh, yeah—the call came in to King T’Challa’s most secure line. He didn’t even know you all had the number, actually, which Princess Shuri is greatly amused about. But you’ll need to go up to his rooms to take it.”
“So the food thing…is that a reliable indicator of someone’s orientation or headspace, especially if they're a switch?” he’d asked. They’d all appeared somewhat stunned by the question, so he’d launched into a babbled explanation of his half-formed thought. “It’s just…everyone who’s serving right now is a Dom, aren’t they, or a switch in a Dommish kind of headspace? And everyone who’s being served is submissive-leaning. Coincidence, or one of those times where I’m getting it horribly wrong again? Natasha this is the part where you smoothly jump in if I’m bungling it, you made an oath over cheesy popcorn and there is nothing more sacred.” Someone should have been rolling their eyes by now, or telling Tony to shut up. Instead the smile Nat bestowed on him appeared almost fond.
“I know you’re not interested in engaging in any sexual play with Tony, but are you open to being present for sexual scenes in which he’s involved?” Rhodey had considered the question as he made himself another coffee (which he made, Steve noted with amusement, with the exact same quantities of milk and sugar that Tony did.)
“I want…” he started and then trailed off, unsure how to verbalize the immensity of what he felt for her, for all of them. She smiled, warm, and barbed with something dangerous, and when she reached out and pressed a hand to his shoulder, he followed the cue and sank gratefully to his knees. Natasha still wore the light, flowing dress she’d had on all afternoon, but she guided him underneath it, allowing his head to press for a moment against her bare legs.The dress was basically sheer at the bottom, but it was enough that he could pretend, just for a moment, that if he couldn’t see the others than they couldn’t see him either. He rested his head against Natasha’s thighs and just breathed in the scent of her. It felt natural after a while to let his mouth wander, finding the green satin of her underwear and licking at her clit. She allowed it to happen for close to a minute, making no noise or movement to either encourage or discourage Tony’s actions, but eventually she tugged him away by the hair. He emerged from the cocoon of her dress calmer and more settled, at least until she directed his gaze to Bucky, who stood a few feet to Tony’s right holding what looked like some kind of sleeve. There was no place for something like that to go but onto Tony’s cock, and still his mind blanked, an attempted retreat from what that would mean.
One of Rhodey's non-sexual Domming techniques involves having Tony exercise with him. This is not remotely a fat-shaming nor any other kind of negative assessment of Tony on his part, but I wanted to flag it since I know some bodies have fraught relationships with exercise being forced. If you want to avoid, skip the last section.
Finally, Steve and Talia encounter and work with several a small contingent from the Wakandan army beginning here and spanning the next couple of chapters. Their cultural practices surrounding how orientation is practiced are different than those familiar to our heroes. Specifically, Dominance and submission are actively used by troops, while orientation is legally kept out of all workplace situations in North America. Everything is still consensual and safe, just different from how things are done elsewhere. I can't warn much more about the details without giving away plot points, but if this is a trigger and you're concerned, get in contact with me and we can chat privately.
That point was pretty much impossible to argue, and Natasha had been only too happy to take on a bit more responsibility in his absence. (Even in the midst of everything, he’d taken a moment to feel painfully proud of how far Natasha had come. She hadn’t initially wanted the promotion at SHIELD; she’d avoided Steve for weeks to try to prevent him from having the opportunity to even ask. And now here she was practically pushing Steve out the door.) She had even leaned up on tip-toes to kiss Steve’s cheek, which wasn’t a remarkable gesture unless one knew anything about Nat; she never willingly did things that called attention to the size disparity between herself and (most of) the rest of the team unless she was deliberately soothing a Dominant. He’d wound his arms around her gratefully, pressing a kiss to the top of her head.
“The time is almost six in the evening. Young Miss Darcy is requesting your presence for dinner soon, Sir.”
“Don’t worry,” she waved a hand between them dismissively, something wicked shinning in her eyes. “I know you still have that hero-worship crush thing on him, so I won’t poach.”
Even if Tony did decide to snitch on them, Steve was confident that he could have his crew and ship out of the port quick enough to prevent them from being captured.
A new job takes a back seat as Steve realises that their new client may have something of a history with Tony.
Steve had a moment of confusion before something squawking loudly and sending feathers flying near exploded from the crate, his hand flew to his gun on his hip with only years of military training preventing him from drawing it and shooting the stupid animal that was now fluffing itself up and strutting across the cargo bay floor.
“News flash, no one sounds fine when they’re fighting the bad guy of the week, in case you hadn’t noticed,” he snapped, wishing desperately that he could be anywhere else.
He’d avoided most of her questions, knowing that if he told her the truth about how he’d ended up back on planet, she’d have told him off for allowing a pretty face to persuade him into putting himself in danger – again. It wasn’t strictly his fault this time, either. He’d tried to argue for them to not land on this hunk of space rock, but Steve was nothing if not a stubborn pain in his ass when it suited him.
“It’s good to meet you, Doctor Banner. Your work on anti-electronic collisions is unparalleled. And I’m a huge fan of the way you lose control and turn into an enormous green rage-monster,” he turned slightly to where Phil was standing off to the side and grinned. “Darc is going to be so jealous,” he laughed as the doctor awkwardly thanked him.
“The one and only,” she grinned hugely before moving towards him and throwing her arms around his neck in an exuberant hug.
“But,” he swallowed, needing to get the words out no matter how painful. “But it wasn’t any good. It was nothing but a failed project. The specs for it were rushed, it’s jaw is wrong and it didn’t have any audio features. The camera had limited capabilities and it could only sit or stand, not even walk,” he rattled off the problems with it, taking a breath to continue when she cut him off.
“Oh, my god! I-I’m so, I mean, it just,” she made a gesture with her hand that Tony took to mean: ‘the words literally burst from my mouth with no prior thought to what they might be and what that would mean for my employed status’, as she fumbled with trying to form an apology.
Part of Tony’s brain was stuck on the word alien and the ridiculousness of it all. The other part of his brain was a kid who loved the idea of alien life and alien technology and was currently squealing and jumping up and down in excitement.
“No problem, four against one ain’t fair odds,” Steve nodded to him, polite but still weary of the gun held in the strangers’ hand, even if it was pointed at the ground.
Looking up slowly, Steve felt his suspicions resurface as his eyes landed on Tony. The mechanic looked energised from the firefight and quick escape, but there was no trace of the panic or fear a normal person would be displaying after such an event.
Unable to find the words to say what he was feeling, Tony nodded one sharp, hard bop of his head. As if someone had suddenly released the valve on the pressure in the room, everyone relaxed.
The danger now passed, Steve took a moment to catalogue the man, taking in the van dyke, dark hair, and eyes that were a warm brown colour. He was fairly attractive, despite the redness on the side of his jaw that hinted at the impressive bruise he’d have come tomorrow. His stature was smaller than Steve, more of a compact build, but with more streamlined muscle than Clint. He was definitely someone who, if Steve met him at a bar and felt so inclined, he could lose a few hours talking with.
“I’ll accept, but only if I still get to tease you about it,” he said, far more practiced than she was.
“You know we appreciate you bein’ here, doc? This ship ain’t feel right without you on it,” he said, and then left before the other man could reply. The issue of Doctor Banner’s feelings regarding the ship and his place on it would have to wait for now.
Steve closed his eyes in anger and took in a deep breath to stop himself from joining Clint in his curses. When he’d been offered the contract to bring goods to Tadamori, he hadn’t heard anything to tip him off that the planet had been quarantined. If he’d known, if he’d heard even a whisper that the planet had been shut down by the USC, he never would have entered the same galaxy as it. Nothing good came from venturing near quarantined planets, they were always patrolled by USC ships just waiting for people to try and test the law.
The tension in the bridge was thick in the air, and Steve could feel every one of his muscles straining under it. He clenched his fists at his sides, unable to do much more than watch the approaching USC ship on the small screen, the large window at the front of the ship showed only the darkness of space with its never-ending pinpricks of light.
“You’re the mechanic, Tony. You honestly tell me that we have not only enough power to make it that far without endin’ up dead in the air, but that the outer glass on my ships window don’t need replacin’ as soon as possible,” Steve snapped.
, as in Thor’s lover-girl who he had to up and leave when the USC caught up to what he and his brother were up to?”
Captain America, Steve Rogers, the only successful recipient of the super soldier serum. Good god. If he was in this file then, that meant, they’d found him. They’d found the literal living legend and he was apparently still kicking. Those bastards had found him and not reported it. Heads would roll when Tony got to them, he’d been spending millions on that search each year, apparently not looking for a ghost but putting money in people’s pockets.
“Do you want it, sweetheart? Tell me how much you want it.” Steve kissed along Tony’s jaw, panting slightly himself now.
“It’s still got another thirty minutes or so, Tones. Why don’t you go bother someone else in the meantime?” she poked him with her warm mittens once she’d closed the door again, a smile curving her lips.
“You did good, Tony,” he said, hand reaching out and clasping Tony’s arm for a moment through the open window.
“You have been awake for nearly thirty-seven hours now, Sir. Not quite a record, but getting close.”
The pilot immediately complied, grabbing one of the cargo boxes and setting it down before Pepper, watching as Natasha removed her knife from where it had been pressed against the woman’s side, and let her sit down.
“Besides,” he tried to inject a hint of humour to his voice. “I hate these helmets, by the time we get back to the ship the air filtration units should have this vessel habitable again.”
The thing about the universe was that it was vast, vast to the point that new things were still being discovered for those who cared, which was surprisingly few given how obsessed with discovery the people of Earth-that-was had been. But, after so many years of space travel and colonisation, the news of another planet settled or a dark corner of the universe finally being explored, just didn’t excite the masses like it used to.
“Tony, seriously. I, I know I can’t really do much, but if you need anything, anything from a friend and not one of the business partners, or clients, or associates…” Rhodey looked at him, eyes far too knowing for Tony’s taste.
“Now, let me tell you all about Captain America. He’s the absolute coolest ever. I wanna be just like him when I grow up.”
The front of his shirt was soaked in blood, the dark liquid moulding the fabric to his skin. A hurt noise escaped Tony’s throat and Steve felt something in his gut clench in response. Taking the man’s gun, Steve slipped his arms beneath Tony’s and levered him off the bike, Thor quickly moving around and to take hold of the man’s legs as they lifted him between them and moved down the small corridor to the infirmary.
“You’re beautiful like this, Phil. So open and good for me.” He traced a teasing finger down the line of Phil’s spine and to the tip of his glistening hole. Someone had already prepped him, and Steve slide a finger inside just because he could. He had left the arm, leg and waist straps loose enough that Coulson’s hips jerked in reply, and the sub whimpered anew as his cock slid forward and back in the sleeve. Steve’s body sang with control, the tension at his shoulders already beginning to release. “I find myself feeling a little old fashioned today. How would you feel about starting on my belt?”
As the team continued to prepare for their departure, they all kept sneaking sideways glances at Tony as if trying to catch him in a lie. The last time, he waved jauntily at Natasha, who had the decency to flush just a little and quickly look away. He couldn’t entirely blame them for their skepticism, though. Even as he watched them file into the Quinjet and fly off, Clint a familiar silhouette at the controls, Tony knew he should have at least felt guilty for not fighting to join them when they were already a man down. Turned out the only thing he felt weird about was not saying much of a goodbye. But they’d given Tony access to the comms so that, at least, was solvable.
“How do you deal with this? The guilt and the fear and…I just left that guy there! He could have died, and it would have been all my fault
“Thanks for taking the time to meet with me today, Daryl. I know things are hectic enough as it is without you having to catch the boss up on his own job.”
Well, this was going to be his life here anyway, wasn’t it? Pretending to fit in and understand this orientation system that ruled so much of daily life? And the previous Tony Stark had been a submissive, so playing at being a Dominant wasn’t really going to help either himself or Cap in the long run.
She opened her eyes, unable to resist such an absurd claim, and found chaos. Natasha had long ago reached a point in her career where she thought every battlefield looked pretty much identical; swap in different baddies, maybe a new weapon or two, sure, but the mayhem and the screams and the smells of fear and death and blood were usually interchangeable to her at this point.
“You said you still felt like you needed something more, is all, and I thought Phil had given you the material the other Tony had gathered on that.”
“Yeah, we were just about to text you that there was a submissive puppy pile going on that you were gonna be super pissed you missed. So fucking cute, right?”
“Yep. Because my making a mistake doesn’t give you some kind of permission to do the same thing. Up. Unless you want to talk first?”
Tony had been trying to balance the desires of so many people, even if only in his head, over the last few days that the thought of locking himself in the penthouse bedroom and just focusing on his own..err, stuff, sounded luxurious, almost decadent. More importantly, it sounded like something he might actually be capable of doing.
The harvest festival on Eris was already in full swing when they descended the ramp onto the planet. A large tree was at the centre of the festivities, with baskets hung from its branches filled with various vegetables and fruits that had no doubt been collected by the planets occupants. Various locals and tourists alike wandered about, partaking in activities held at the rickety looking booths that had no doubt sprouted up just for the festival. A selection of simple games were lined up to one side, barely visible through the crowds, the familiar ring tossing game the only one Steve could clearly see.
He only managed a few steps before the Creeper exploded behind him, sending Tony, dirt and stone flying into the air.
“We both know that you are merely stalling, Stark. How about you let me see what keeps you awake at night?” he asked in a mild voice, the pendent between the folds of his cloak beginning to glow and making the hud screen light up again in warning.
“Were you watching me sleep?” he asked, taking in a deep breath as he sat up properly in bed. “Cos I gotta say, Pep, that’s creepy. Like creepily hot, I fully endorse it, but I’d rather be awake for it, you know,” he sent her a leer, to which she merely raised an eyebrow.
“Don’t let me lose you, too,” she whispered, sending a sharp stab of pain to his heart that had nothing to do with the arc reactor.
Walking down a hallway, Tony turned into what looked like an office and immediately, he was assaulted with the iron smell of blood in the room. Scrunching his nose up within the suit, he looked around and spied a woman’s leg half hidden behind the overturned desk. Moving over to her, the sight before him made his stomach turn and he had to look away to prevent himself from gagging.
Steve elected to ignore such ridiculous comments and kept his eyes on his plate while his thoughts drifted.
“What happened?” he asked, voice an octave lower than usual, as he raised a hand to rub at his eyes.
“Right, let’s get going, Point Break,” Tony said, engaging the thrusters and shooting into the sky to the top floor of the building. Entering via the fire escape, Tony lost sight of Thor fairly quickly amongst the chaos within. There were papers and random objects scattered all over the floor, some of the patients were cowering in fear on the floor - those Tony ignored, if they hadn’t started acting violent yet, it was unlikely that they would start now if left alone.
This was not the answer Steve expected but to be honest he wasn't really sure what he expected just not this. "So this is a date?" Steve asked for clarification hoping against all hope Tony couldn't see him blushing in the dark of the theater.
After that they kept on talking about school and sports and what kind of music they liked when they realized it was getting late so they headed back to
"I'm sorry Tony that blows. But really you are pretty much perfect. Good grades, good at sports, hot girlfriend-"
"That may just be my new favorite movie." Tony said as he carefully removed his arm from Steve's shoulders. They got up to leave and walked out of the theater.
Bucky was on the football team with Tony, Happy, and Rhodey. People always wondered why he hung out with a loser like Rogers but it turns out that they were neighbors since like elementary school.
Steve was still trying to figure out what happened with Tony when the boy in question surprised him at work with another wrinkle.
Tony at least had the decency to look embarrassed. He put a hand on the back of his neck as he admitted “I actually came here looking for Steve. I remember you saying he worked here so I thought I would stop by on my way home.” He started to regain his charm as he got to the end of his sentence.
“I think he just wanted to get to know me? Buck it was just weird. We just saw a movie, got ice cream and talked. It was like we had been friends forever and not like he had never willingly spoken to me before last week. I mean like it was fine but I still have a weird feeling about it all.”
Bucky plopped into a seat at the end of the bar in front of the worn copper espresso machine. The Smith’s song that filtered softly through the speaker system mixed pleasantly with the sound of muffled conversations and the hiss of the milk steamer. Steve was about three quarters of the way through his shift at Creative Juices Cafe and Gallery where he worked after school as a barista. The owner Abraham Erskine, a former doctor from Germany who was as eccentric as he was kind, hired Steve last summer. Erskine was intrigued by the shy boy who would come in each day with his beat up backpack and cheap sketchbook. The boy, Steve he would eventually learn, would order a small coffee (the cheapest thing on the menu) and sketch for hours in the farthest corner of the shop. After stopping and talking to the awkward kid one day, he found out (after some gentle coaxing) that the boy loved art and his mom worked late so he preferred hanging out in the lively coffee shop than an empty house. He asked on a whim if Steve would like to work there part time. One of his baristas just quit and he had a feeling the quiet boy would make a halfway decent barista. Steve eventually accepted the job after admitting he could use the extra money for art supplies and proved to be a sweet and hardworking addition. It wasn’t a half bad place to work and Steve found that he was slightly less awkward when there was a countertop separating him from the customers. Bucky stops by on days he doesn’t have practice to hang with Steve and do homework. It doesn’t hurt that Steve can give him a discount on coffee and pastries. This was the first time Steve had a chance to talk to Bucky since the weekend because Bucky had morning practice on Mondays and didn’t take Steve to school.
"I don't know? Maybe just to see what she would do and maybe because we are kind of on a date." Tony said noncommittally.
"So yeah it's just me and mom. She works all the time to afford the house and my copious amounts of doctors bills but we survive. Dad was never really in the picture and maybe that's why I am so crap at guy things like sports and cars." Steve laughed nervously.
Tony was true to his word and showed up at Steve’s house at three. Steve was kind of surprised that Tony had his own car. From what Steve knew, Tony showed up to school everyday in Happy’s car. Yet here he was in a red Camaro. He parked it in the driveway and hopped out.
Tony handed her the money and grabbed their tickets. "You coming?" He said to a slightly perplexed Steve and they made their way inside the theater.
“Ummmm what kind of shows do you have here?” Tony looked unsure of himself and Steve has never seen that look on Tony. It would be kind of cute if this whole thing wasn’t so bizarre. Wait, did Steve think Tony was cute? One thing at a time.
Steve Rogers was also kind of a loser. But his luck seemed like it was changing when Tony Stark invites him over to hang.
IS IT TOO LATE NOW TO SAY SORRY? I SHOULD HAVE UPDATED THIS SHIT A WHILE AGO WHOOOOOOOPS I ALSO SWITCHED MOVIES BECAUSE DINOSAURS SO SHUT UP. Just kidding if you are actually taking the time to read this I love you and cherish you.
So here they were. The jock, the coolest guy in school, Tony Stark and the art nerd, the loser Steve Rogers were sitting, having ice cream and talking about their lives.
“Rad. So let’s get going we have got a lot to do.” Tony didn’t wait for Steve to react he just walked away and got into the car. After Steve just stood there for a while Tony opened the passenger window and shouted “What are you waiting for? Y2K? Let’s go!” Steve hurried over to the car. He barely got his seatbelt on before Tony floored it.
“Yeah Tony has never been one to go out of his way to make new friends. They usually just come to him and beg to be a part of his posse. Hmmm.” Bucky scratched his head with the pencil he pulled out to do algebra homework with.
Tony bought them some popcorn and a couple of Crystal Pepsi's and they made their way into theater 5.
“Yeah Tony, go to the interpretative dance performance! It sounds absolutely enlightening. Or you could always hang out with Rhodey and Happy of course.” Bucky’s expression was starting to mirror Steve’s.
"Two tickets for Jurassic Park." Tony said to the heavily eyelinered girl working the ticket booth at the movie theater.
“Don’t you live on the other side of town? And doesn’t Happy normally drive you?” Steve had the added buffer of the counter, so he sounded a lot more sure of himself than he felt at the moment. This whole thing was just getting weirder by the minute.
"Here we are." They had arrived at Steve's house. Tony walked Steve to his door and out of nowhere hugged Steve quickly.
"Well we are two teens at a movie together. I did buy your ticket and I am trying to get to know you a little better. I believe most outsiders would on fact label this outing a date. Shhhhh now the movie is starting." Tony said even though he was the one talking.
“Correction. It’s not that I don’t drive. I just don’t like to drive. So I let Happy do it. I find our morning drives bring us closer together.” Tony said in his usual snarking tone. “How do you get to school?”
Steve shook his head as he put the lid on the soy latte he was preparing. He placed it at the edge of the counter and nodded politely as it was claimed by a tall woman with short black hair. He didn’t mention the date comment or the arm around his shoulders because he still wasn’t sure what to make of them. It’s not like Bucky didn’t know Steve was gay. Steve told Bucky about it in the seventh grade and was scared to death of his sporty friend’s response. Bucky simply responded that he had always known and it didn’t make a difference. But nobody else knew, so Steve was still milling over that part of his interaction with Tony not wanting to believe it could be something good.
"My dad is in the picture but sometimes I wish he wasn't." Tony said, showing a side of him Steve hadn't seen before. "Nothing I do is ever good enough for him even though he is hardly ever around. To busy being a big shot CEO to come to my football games even though he is the one who made me play the damn sport in the first place. Even though I have a 4.0 I am still not good enough. I don't think I can ever be good enough for him."
So I decided to update this fic. After five years? And I kind of want to finish it? This is also the first time I have written anything other than philosophy term papers in four years so be gentle. If anyone even actually reads this. Enjoy my garbage.
He knew she didn’t mean anything by it, but it still hurt. Darcy’s public appearances had been few and far between for years now, something he was finding he had to argue increasingly with Obie about. Tony knew it was something that helped to keep her safe, no one was kidnapping or threatening someone they didn’t recognise. Initially, Obie had been helpful in keeping Darcy out of the limelight, paying off those who needed some persuasion to refer to Darcy as ‘Lewis’ rather than ‘Stark’, sighting Tony as the face of the company, not his, of average intelligence, sister. Recently, however, Obie seemed to have realised the potential Darcy offered in establishing a connection between Stark Industries and other, powerful companies overseas or wealthy potential investors. He had been pushing for her to meet various wealthy,
“Tony!” she cried, hurrying over to him and allowing him to swing her up into his arms. He held her tightly, one arm around her back and the other under her thighs to keep her stable, though with how she had wound both her arms and legs around him, he doubted she actually needed help. It seemed that she had just been waiting for his arrival before dissolving into loud, gasping sobs against his throat, her whole body hot with the emotional upheaval.
Having completely lost Tony and knocked the fat man out cold on the tavern floor, Steve headed back to his ship.
“I know you really like coffee, so I thought we could grow some beans and make them into coffee for you.”
“I’m well. Uni is… different. I like that it’s a lot more focused on what I’m actually interested in rather them dumbing down the whole spectrum of basic education to try and teach me,” he twirled the wrench in his free hand, lazily swinging the chair from left to right with a single foot on the floor.
“Are you sure about this?” Natasha asked, eyeing Steve from her tense position just behind Clint’s pilot chair.
Steve still wasn’t entirely sure about the why’s and how’s of what had occurred between Tony and the Stark Galactic CEO, except to understand that the position was meant to be Tony’s as the rightful heir.
Steve felt his ears heat up and cleared his throat, glancing at Tony who was already picking at the bandage.
“Tony,” Steve’s voice softened into something almost soothing. “You were doing so well last week. We were able to go outside and sit on the bench for an hour. Doctor Traveller even said that you might be well enough to start having visitors again soon. Try to remember.”
“Ah…” Tony looked indecisive for a few seconds before he shrugged as well as he could when still tied to a chair. “I may or may not be on one of their wanted lists,” he admitted.
Steve risked looking at Bruce to gauge his reaction to what had probably been a fairly private conversation aired before the rest of the crew, but the doctor’s face was carefully blank.
It was late at night on The Avenger as it drifted slowly through the Dark. The lights had been dimmed, with the rest of the crew tucked away in their bunks. Steve sat in silent visage over their injured crew member, his mind keeping him just as awake as anything else.
However, it was the work of a split second that Steve would have missed if he hadn’t been watching Tony so closely.
“It’s a tiny burn, I get more from my darlin’ engine weekly than this little thing,” Tony tried to protest, but Steve wrapped an arm around his shoulders and began steering them through the crowds that were waiting for their turn at the bonfire, eyes tracking the woman ahead of them.
“Yes!” Tony blurted out in what must have been the most awkward response to a date offer he’d ever come up with. Seriously, he’d had more game when he was fifteen and asking out university students and getting to third base than he did right now at thirty, sitting on the couch in his home with the literal man of his dreams asking him out. What on earth was it about Steve Rogers that managed to turn him into a bumbling idiot?
The sight was something he had to get down on paper immediately and he found his feeling of arousal not abate, so much as fade slightly to the back of his mind. Steve wasn’t sure there would ever come a time when he didn’t want Tony, body and mind, but this was certainly the first time Steve had ever wanted Tony for his soul. Because looking at the man before him, so full of manic energy and beauty, there was no other way to describe it but as a demonstration of Tony’s soul.
It started out innocently enough, Steve had taken one of the caramel popcorn bowls so that it sat in his lap and was kindly sharing it with Tony. The movie was only ten minutes in when, as Tony was reaching into the bowl to get another handful of sticky, sweet goodness, realised that it was already occupied. He pulled his hand back instinctively, so fast that he jolted away from Steve and knocked into Darcy, who hissed at him to be careful with the elbows.
“Okay, fine, just…” he reached over to the corner of a workbench where the now fully upgraded Sparky had been curled up in rest mode.
Obie sighed and made a despairing comment before hanging up. Tony snorted with amusement and pushed another button.
The Tower was a beautiful sight to see; a glowing beacon of what the future for clean energy would be like if Tony got his way.
The good doctor had made an offhanded comment about air filtration units that Tony had pounced on with an eager glint in his eyes. The techno-babble had quickly escalated to intelligible noise for the rest of the crew, and the two had been mostly ignored by everyone during the meal.
But, against all odds, Rhodey had found him. Had bundled him up from the middle of nowhere in the desert and brought him home, back to American soil, back to his life.
Bruce took the blueberry for the offering that it was, Rogers just ignored it like it wasn’t worth his time. Shouldn’t he be appreciative of food offerings, given he’d literally lived through the Great Depression?
“Forgive me, my friend. I am just so pleased to see my beautiful Lady Jane once more,” Thor finally tore himself away from the slightly stunned looking woman in his arms and looked at the rest of room, Tony knowing the moment his eyes landed on Darcy as his smile, if it was possible, became even larger.
“Oh, Avengers stuff!” Darcy was up and off the couch faster than Tony had expected, and he suddenly had a familiar shadow following him over to the stand of screens he’d set up off to the side.
Tony looked up from his half-levered position, realising that the rest of the rooms occupants had since left, leaving him to stretch out on the couch where Darcy had been. Steve had turned slightly so that he was slumped against the far armrest, allowing for Tony to lay across his chest.
Ultimately, Steve had refused to issue the order to his men and, faced with being labelled as a deserter, of being prosecuted by the very government they’d spent years believing unflinchingly in, Bucky had stood up and taken over command.
“Darcy, you know you’re not to wander around the manor without adult supervision,” he said softly, hands resting on her shoulders and a concerned frown on his face.
“Fine, okay, I’m up and awake. This had better be the most amazing surprise ever,” he finally opened his eyes, relieved that his room was still mostly dark and the only foreign light source was his still open bedroom door.
“We were passin’ by this area, and I remembered someone talkin’ about this festival a few years ago. Thought we’d check it out,” Tony offered, a smile on his face as he redirected his attention to her.
Tony’s insisted clenched and bile burned the back of his throat. When it had become clear that Darcy didn’t possess the staggering intellect both Tony and Howard did, their father had become even colder towards her then before. Tony had always known that even if Darcy was a child prodigy, Howard’s staunch disregard for the idea of a Stark woman holding a place in his company would hinder her later in life. The fact that she was smart, but not genius level smart, meant Howard had all but struck her from any kind of importance in his life. Tony had nightmares about the day Howard stopped thinking of Darcy as a mere inconvenience and decided she was more trouble than the public relations scandal of marrying her off to be someone else’s problem.
“Yes, turns out she already knew Natasha. When we realised you were missing, it didn’t take her long to guess where you could have been taken that no one would find you,” Steve explained.
“Why are you sulking?” Bruce asked, leaning a hip on the counter, arms loosely crossed over his chest, as he waited for the water to boil.
“No? Tony, you have to go to the hospital,” Pepper protested, her chin jutting out slightly in that stubborn way Tony was so familiar with.
“I distinctly remember telling you, little sister of mine, not to be in here without me to supervise you,” he sat down heavily on his stool before her.
Sitting at the large dining table were the rest of the Avengers. Clint, the one who’d broken Tony out of his coffee induced haze, had raised an eyebrow from where he was sitting, a bowl of cereal held in one hand and a spoon in the other. Natasha was watching him over the top of her own mug of coffee, expression mostly hidden by the porcelain. Thor clearly hadn’t allowed Tony’s actions to stop him from demolishing his breakfast, and Bruce looked amused as he clasped a cup of tea within his hands, the steam slightly fogging up his glasses. Steve was sitting at the end of the table, paper newspaper open in front of him and eyes firmly locked on the page, though nothing could hide the brilliant pink of his ears.
When she failed to say anything more, merely peered down at the cargo floor of the ship where Steve had been gazing absentmindedly before, he felt the hairs on the back of his neck stand on end.
At sixteen, Tony could say without a single doubt, that the worst day of his life thus far had begun with a phone call to his mobile from Jarvis, who proceeded to inform him that his little sister - his
“You just want to go to the Smithsonian and perv on the Captain America memorabilia,” Tony said knowingly.
Steve felt nausea sweep through him as he quickly shut the book, staring at the dead person’s property and wondering why on Earth-that-was Tony had felt the need to take it and bury it on such an out of the way planet like Timbetpal?
“Hi Darcy, it’s nice to finally meet you,” Rhodey moved forward, bending down and holding out his hand with a small smile. Darcy looked at it for a moment before Tony felt a small squeeze and she let go of his hand in order to clasp the other mans. They shook once solemnly before she retreated slightly to hide behind Tony, unusually shy.
“Focus, everyone. We have a job to do,” Steve said, voice not quite the tone of Captain America just yet, a little bit too much amusement filling it.
She bowed slightly to him before turning and walking away, towards the capsule that would take her back below the sea, her hair clip left abandoned on the bench.
He cast a wary eye around his military neat room, no sentimental items cluttering up any of the surfaces, or anything that could easily be fashioned into a weapon by an intruder. The rooms’ purpose was for sleep, and to sometimes hide away from the rest of the crew when his memories were too strong and he needed to be alone and just feel the aching loss from the war that still sometimes crept up on him even after all these years.
Clint was alone in his pilot seat when Steve arrived, the man slowly swinging his chair from left to right and back again as he waited.
“How’d they manage to sneak up on us?” Steve demanded to himself, standing quickly and moving towards the door.
As they settled down together, Steve pressing close and relaxing with Tony safely in his arms, Tony mumbled incoherently.
“Tony?” Darcy whispered from where she was curled up into a small ball against the front of one of the seats.
“So, what’s the new mechanic like?” Bruce asked, using his fork to break apart the protein pack that was dinner on his plate. The meal looked more like stodgy meat of questionable origin, but it served its nutritional purpose.
“Tony, we’re needed downstairs,” Pepper’s voice cut off Tony’s absentminded search on his StarkPad for possible countries to escape to.
“Jarvis, I’ll be gone for the rest of the week, see to it that the wet nurse settles into her new room and that the child is looked after,” Howard instructed Jarvis as he wrapped a scarf around his throat and lifted his hat from the butler’s hand. Placing it upon his head, he turned and swept out the front door without a glance back. Tony wondered from his crouched position if his father had been ignorant to his presence in the room, or if he’d just ignored him as usual.
Briefly, he thought about their new acquisitions sitting hidden in the cargo hold. If the USC found the crew with that much weaponry, especially still in its travel boxes and clearly having never been used, they could get done for weapons trading on top of everything else. Tony hadn’t been wrong in thinking that it was all more trouble than it was worth.
Steve chuckled quietly as he sat at the table with the rest of his crew, nursing his mug of cider that they’d picked up months ago from a Rim planet.
“Coffee is sacred,” Tony tried for joking, but he was pretty sure it came off as a question rather than a statement of fact.
“Jarvis said that if I’m real good in my studies this week, he’ll teach me how to make his Super Secret Ingredient Chocolate Cake.”
“Now Steve,” Traveller cut in softly. “Tony can’t help it. We need to encourage him to try harder to resist his fantasy world, after all.”
“Captain, do you have somethin’ to hold onto?” Tony’s voice suddenly interrupted the repeated announcement.
While he had some bumps and bruises, being thrown through a wall would do that to someone, it was mostly an emotional exhaustion and complete humiliation that drained him. He knew his team had all heard him, in a moment of absolute weakness, admitting insecurities that he had never, ever, spoken aloud.
The next few hours were a blur that Tony would never quite remember clearly, his world only re-establishing itself when he suddenly found himself walking into a smallish room and seeing his nine-year-old sister turning to face him, big green eyes full of tears and cheeks flushed pink.
Tony didn’t completely believe what they were all saying, but he didn’t completely not believe it, either.
Tony was peacefully sleeping away in his bed, pillow once more on the floor and covers twisted around his legs, one arm up above his head and he may have been snoring slightly, though he’d never admit it, when the tranquil atmosphere was broken by his sister.
“Oh,” a lecherous grin spread over Tony face. “You ain’t gonna be able to get rid of me now.” Tony said, before ducking up to quickly press their lips together and then turning to open his door.
“You gotta stop doing this to me, Tones,” Darcy’s voice was soft. They were once more on the old couch in the workshop, the familiar hum of machines around them and the only light was the soft blue glow of the holoscreens nearby.
“Clint Barton was released from SHIELD duties into the Avengers Initiative. As the leader of the Initiative, I would like to be informed if you’re taking someone from my team for a mission.”
“There’s a vanilla bean cake right there waiting to be eaten,” Darcy pointed out, purposely pretending to ignore the significance of the cake in the oven.
“Apparently, it’s a tradition here that when they light the bonfire to signify the end of the harvest, you throw the husks into the flames and the harvest gods will watch over you and grant you a bountiful new year,” Tony explained, his left arm brushing Steve’s.
Strong arms encircled him and a now familiar warmth surrounded him. Steve was still speaking, but his voice was muffled and Tony honestly didn’t have the energy to try and concentrate on the words coming out of the mans’ mouth. He had a brief moment where the world felt like it was tilting, as though up was down and sideways was up, before his brain finally decided it’d had enough and everything went dark.
“Come on, Darc. Let’s go see what Rhodey wants,” reaching out, he took her hand and gently began pulling her back up the stairs, mouth twitching upward as he caught her eyes trailing mournfully from the room. Darcy may not have inherited the Stark family know-how with machines and a genius IQ, but she certainly had the innate curiosity for everything and the desire to touch things she probably shouldn’t in spades.
Tony had laughed and opened the tin, finding half a dozen cupcakes with bright, electric blue icing, tiny multi-coloured sprinkles decorating them inside. He may have eaten them all in one sitting, but there was no one who could verify that.
“Yeah, what he really means, is have fun, and don’t stalk us, Clint,” Tony spoke up, coming to stand beside him and looking pointedly at the pilot.
“You’re sweet, Steve, but that cake in the oven is actually the best cake in the world. I hate to say it, but Tony’s right this time,” Darcy laughed.
Clint muttered something that Tony couldn’t catch, but Natasha smacked him up the back of his head for whatever it was as she breezily passed him by, popcorn in hand.
“I read all about your accident. That much gamma radiation should have killed you,” he said, watching Bruce carefully.
“Jarvis?” Tony asked tentatively. Surely his father hadn’t given Tony’s room to his new sister, had he?
“Cupcakes?” Natasha moved towards the table, Thor making a bee line for Jane’s free side, and Steve sitting down at the far end of the table, coincidently on the opposite side of the kitchen to where Tony sat on the counter.
“Hello, still in the room with you,” Darcy’s voice was loud and cut through the moment, causing Tony to groan and bury his face in Steve’s chest as the blond chuckled.
“We were… on Yurma? Shooting – shot. I got shot.” Tony dropped his hand from his face and struggled to leverage himself upright. He only got halfway up before he flinched, hissing out a breath between clenched teeth as he placed a hand over the now bandaged wound while lying back down.
Silence filled the room, no one making a sound as Tony stared determinedly at his knees, body tense in anticipation for the yelling and crying that was about to take place. He would weather it all though. Lying to Darcy about their mother had been the momentary action of a foolish child who had wanted to give his little sister more than he had been able to at the time. He should have been honest with her years ago, certainly well before she was an established adult and going out into the world on her own. Honestly, he should have just not answered her question, should have told her to wait until she was older, until she could understand why their mother was the way she had been. That Maria Stark was focused and determined, but only when it came to her social standing in the various wealthy circles in which she moved.
“The bloodwork,” Bruce agreed. “Why would he have reacted so strongly? He let me provide aftercare the other night so I don’t think, I mean, I hope it isn’t just a matter of trust.” Phil shook his head, enlarging several of the points on the chart.
Peter suspects Steve is in the midst of a career change, and for once he reacts...well, like a teenager.
Steve didn’t particularly enjoy feeling handled, but he’d worked with Domen long enough by now to know that this was one of those things she wasn’t going to be willing to move an inch on. He nodded in the direction of the nearest camera, and JARVIS confirmed a handful of seconds later that Phil was around and had agreed to the terms.
Also, the very last of the scenes involves pain (not in a punishment context at all) as well as the use of Bucky's Dominant Voice. He never uses it to do anything that Tony hasn't previously consented to, and I consider it perfectly safe, sane, and consensual. But as always, your mileage may vary. If you want to skip, avoid the section beginning "We need to talk about the last scene" and pick up again after the section break.
“And the arc reactor. I know you said it’s just a housing unit now, but whatever you did to get rid of the other one…do you still have some of the same side effects from the original surgery that the other Tony did? Reduced lung capacity? Heart and circulation complications?”
As he spoke, Taskmaster reached for something in the utility belt he wore slung around his waist. It was metal and circular, a handle protruding from one end which looked to control jaw-like protrusions sticking out the other side. For a moment Steve knew something close to relief, because it appeared far too crude to be a piece of StarkTech Taskmaster had cloned. But Tony made a noise from inside the suit, something too raw and pained to be feigned, that even the armour’s modulation couldn’t quite mask; Taskmaster’s smile grew more vicious still.
“Good.” It should have been annoying to be praised for doing something as simple as looking Clint in the eye. It definitely should not have made Tony’s mouth go suddenly dry, or the pace of his breath to quicken.  “And yes, to answer your question, I absolutely want. Try to get to bed early tonight, please, and make sure to eat a decent lunch. I’ll be up at one.”
“Huh. Sounds like the other Steve might have finally made a single right call after all,” he opined. Sam’s head whipped around to face him so quickly that it would have been hilarious had it not been equally heartbreaking to see Sam so surprised at having his value recognized. Tony snickered.
what I need, Tony, don’t you see? What helps a Dom in drop more than anything else is to know that their submissive is safe and happy, that they’re still allowed the honour of caring for them. You are everything I could possibly want right now, my good, good boy. No more apologies, hmm?”
“I’m scared,” he’d confessed, because honesty was almost always easier when he was at least partially in Dominant headspace.
There was a story in those clothes, one that was practically screaming at Peter. After all this time Steve had never bothered to learn anything about new fashions or even explore different options for comfort. Peter knew enough to be fairly sure it wasn’t just that the guy was happy in the clothes he had. Steve hardly had an off-the-rack kind of shape, so the things he wore tended to either drape at odd angles or cling obscenely, leaving him forever tugging at and adjusting them. The metaphor for never really fitting in was so obvious even the worst students in Peter’s Language Arts course probably could have seen it.
Judith Butler, “Precarious Life: The Obligations of Proximity.” (Available through the Nobel Prize Museum,
his ass?” There were appreciative murmurs from several distinct voices, and when Tony looked up he could see that everyone who was visible to him was touching or being touched by someone else. A shirtless Clint was between Steve and Rhodey, trading energetic kisses with both men and appearing absolutely delighted by this development. He couldn’t see Thor or Phil, but he heard the former give a particularly enthusiastic moan of Coulson’s name (his first name, even), so he assumed those two were enjoying themselves as well. It was nice, sometimes to be the centre of attention, but right now Tony found himself relieved by the idea that they were focusing on each other as well.
Every fictional representation of therapy Steve had ever seen would have had Dr. Domen ignoring his objections, continuing to drive her point home. She didn’t. The room was silent except for the blood rushing in Steve’s ears; for once, even the rhythmic tapping of Domen’s fingers on the glass screen of her tablet was absent.
“No thanks. It’s uh…I’m working on trying to be a little more independent sometimes.” He knew that Natasha, at least, would pick up on what he wasn’t saying outright (that this was part of his therapy, and that he was nervous as hell about it.) But her reaction, as usual, gave nothing away.
With a harried gesture, he closed all the open windows containing evidence of his (well, the team’s, really, but Phil was the one in charge of keeping the records up to date) current project: piecing together the pieces of this new version of Tony Stark’s life.
Bucky spits a vicious string of curses under his breath and throws the door open with his metal hand.
Now he would have to live up to it. The second Natasha exited his office, he was staring back at the information they had collected with renewed focus. (What the hell happened to you, Tony?)
He expected Clint to be happy, maybe even to take on that amused intensity that seemed to characterize his Dom headspace, which Tony had gotten off to imagining more than once this week. Instead, Clint frowned and took a long sip of his water.
He started sobbing only two blows into Thor’s set, undone by the demigod’s combination of intense force and even more powerful verbal expressions of love and support. His tears dripped down onto their clasped hands, and Rhodey used his thumb to stroke across the web of callouses and scars (some familiar, a few not) that made up Tony’s fingers and palms. He was so damn close now, Rhodey himself wanted to beg the team to finish it, to push him that last step of the way. Clint's set (dear God Rhodey had never thought about what a benefit the man's legendarily flawless aim would be to him as a Dom, Jesus) edged him closer still.
“Every four weeks, Dummy, You, and Butterfingers receive comprehensive maintenance.” There was a damn lot that JARVIS wasn’t saying, but J had always been a bit of a withholding diva when he was mad at Tony, and a part of Tony was still so thrilled by the fact that there was a JARVIS around in this universe to be pissed at him that he didn’t bother arguing. (And, given that it took him two tries to remember where on his body socks belonged, he didn’t feel it was a battle of wits he was likely to win anyway.)
Thor stopped too, which came as a bit of a surprise. Tony hadn’t spent much time with him yet, though even he didn’t know why. Perhaps the memory of Thor so utterly defeated by the world was too recent, or maybe some part of Tony still wondered if this version of the man was as capable of turning off all his seeming affection for Tony and wrapping his hand around his throat as the other had been. Either way, he hadn’t expected much in the way of goodbyes from Thor, but that didn’tt stop him from halting in front of Tony and holding out a hand. In it was the gold watch from Tony’s own box, which he hadn’t yet had a chance to wear.
“You don’t know what’s going to happen up there, alright? Don’t go rushin’ to give up on them just yet.”
Tony was never forced to come up with a suitable punishment for Pepper’s hypothetical slight. The elevator closed with an atypical clanging noise, followed by JARVIS’s voice, far more robotic and atonal than usual, sounding through the speakers.
Bemused to find himself trembling slightly, Steve slid a mitt onto his right hand. It was covered in soft grey fur on one side, while the other was covered in sensuous suede punctuated by rubber nubs. He started with the furry side, running it gently up and down the sculpted mass of muscle that was Thor’s shoulders, chest and abdomen. Thor moaned, eyes opening to a wideness that looked almost painful.
deserve to have their legs almost torn off.” Talia just smirked and lounged extravagantly in her seat.
Content Notes: The backstory that Tony learns about the park he visits in this chapter includes mention of historical racism and wrongful imprisonment, specifically targeting against POC Domming for white subs. If you want to avoid this, skip the paragraph that begins "It's illegal to publish pictures, video..."
The next morning’s meeting with all of the SHIELD department heads was a decidedly rough one. Steve cornered him after it was over to demand to know where Phil’s head had been at and why he hadn’t been able to recall the exact number of agents in Western Europe when asked. Phil had disabled all active monitoring in Steve’s office and then confessed.
My apologies again if this chapter is particularly iffy editing-wise. Midterm season is rough on instructors too!
In the hours that followed Steve and Talia’s arrival, things moved quickly but in largely opposing directions. The UN troops were unwilling to risk the security of the region entirely on Talia’s suspicion that the arms deal was likely a ruse. No one could argue the validity of that concern; not only was Talia a junior operative who was largely unfamiliar with the region, but the release of Wakandan technology onto the black market could easily destabilize a nation that had just recently achieved peace after a brutal civil war. They were determined to follow up on the original intel, which placed the Ssenjovu brothers and their small forces just outside of the capital city of Kampala. The area was hilly and at a high elevation, both of which would make stealth movement a challenge, and the troop leader was eager to depart as soon as possible.
Your questions were so spot on this week that I feel like y'all have a pretty good sense of where we're heading! (And, to be clear, I am in no way offended by this! To me that means the narrative is actually building the way it should, so I'm pretty damn delighted, actually, even if I'm sorry the Doctor couldn't answer some of the questions.)
“And presuming I agree to this little stunt of yours, what exactly do you plan to say to ‘everyone’ once you have them in one place?”
“Permission to interact with you as a Dominant?” The second Tony had even begun to nod, Phil was right up in his space, reaching a hand out to touch his cheek with a terrible kind of gentleness. The first tender touch after a fight had always been overwhelming for Tony, like his body had to fight to re-accustom itself to the absence of violence every time. “The request you just made of me took maturity and bravery, Tony. I am incredibly impressed.” Reflexively, Tony shook his head, tried to evade the kind touch and the even softer words. Coulson’s thumb pressed down insistently against his cheekbone; it nowhere near painful, but enough that his message was clear.
“Well, that answers that.” It took several long seconds for Peter to realize Tony had spoken, and a few more for it to be clear that the words had been directed to him.
“Show! Show! Show!” Clint chanted, joined quickly by Thor and Bucky. Even Cap—Steve cracked a smile. “You don’t have to show us the really boring stuff like socks,” Clint allowed graciously, waving a candy belt that he seemed to have stolen from Thor judging by the covetous looks the other man was giving the snack.
Steve had been back at SHIELD HQ for less than two hours, and he was already wishing he had done as Natasha had suggested and taken an official leave. The first forty minutes or so, which he’d spent checking in with his deputies and watching an elaborate training exercise Phil, Clint and Natasha had designed for the new agents, were fine. It was a damn relief to be out of the Tower, to be thinking of something other than Tony and therapy and all the ways that the new version of the man was already changing everything.
The seemingly random attacks that had been keeping the Avengers so busy all week were not, it transpired, random at all. One of the prisoners SHIELD had taken in after the latest call-out had happily volunteered that his organization, along with numerous others, had been paid handsomely to keep the team as active and busy as possible. There were bonuses, the guy had told Nat, for attacks that ensured Tony’s involvement, and for capturing his tech, or any intel at all related to Tony.
“It’s just so good to see you! You know? Like, superheroes are great and all, but you’re lucky to be around the ones who are actually a normal age instead of having been frozen and stuff. And I don’t understand what any of them expect from me right now! But you—you’re just—”
Tony was flying. He was sore, too, but the ache in his ass and thighs was a part of that, not a detriment or an inhibitor; every time he moved enough to awaken the edges of pain, he soared just a little higher. He spent several glorious moments stretching out into various configurations around the bodies beside him in bed just to feel the pull of sore skin over muscle and bone, and to feel the clarity of mind that accompanied it. Subspace was normally something fuzzy and slow, and that was pleasant in its own way, but this, it was like he was entirely himself but just
Tony didn’t offer an explanation for his erratic appetite, which these days was a constant battleground between his body’s visceral, frantic desire to never experience real starvation again and his much longer history with struggling to eat during periods of stress. Natasha didn’t say more on the topic either.
“You want to stick around outside, make sure he gets out okay?” She smiled, shoulders sinking down from her ears and her hands moving away from her weapons in palpable relief as she turned her attention back to the scene in front of them. Spiderman bore all the signs of a true amateur; there was no discipline or predictability evident in his attacks, which ranged from a mix of street fighting moves to something closer to the graceful movements of a dancer. He was way too strong for what Steve could tell of his size, too, which had to mean some kind of enhanced strength and speed. More than either of those factors, though, what had always interested Steve about the guy was his kindness. He interrupted what would have been a devastating attack against the leader of the robbers to ensure the safety of the owner’s cat, and when the fight was over, he made doubly certain that all the robbers could still breathe in the webbed nets he’d caught them up in. Indeed, he was so busy with that that he didn’t seem to realize the police were finally about to make their entrance; undoubtedly they’d want Spiderman to stay, something he’d steadfastly avoided doing for months now.
It stung more than he thought possible to show up and find Steve in the room. His eyes fell on Pepper, who shook her head like she knew exactly what Tony was thinking. (She probably did. The whole lot of them had some kind of Tony-specific mind reading powers, he was certain of it.)
May unearthed the bottle of wine she always threw in her giant purse before these dinners but never actually offered because giving wine to a billionaire felt like nothing but an opportunity for utter humiliation. Desperate times, however, apparently called for a bit of an ego bruise, so she set the bottle down on the bench next to her. To May’s utter bewilderment, Tony’s face lit up with recognition.
Tony rounded the corner into the labs with his mind half on the report he was trying to write for Coulson. At least, that was why he assumed that he didn’t register that Bruce was not the only occupant of the space until he was practically standing right next to both he and Natasha. The latter was her back on the same exam bench, naked, one leg held over Bruce’s shoulder. For a few seconds he felt horribly betrayed by the idea that Bruce would be willing to fuck someone else down here but not Tony.
“You have no right to keep us from him!” That was Clint, he was almost sure, except that as intimately familiar as Tony had become with Clint’s anger in his own world, he’d never heard the man sound quite so nearly out of control before. Rhodey, however, was not backing down.
“This isn’t quite working for you, is it?” Clint’s kiss-swollen lips were tilted up in a slight smile, so at least he didn’t seem to be angered by this astute observation. He actually seemed…almost intrigued? (Tony had to be reading that one wrong.) “Want to go watch a movie or something?”
The second 'vision' involves a portrayal of D/s Tony being outed as a sub without his consent or (much) prior knowledge. Again, avoid this vision if this is a triggering area for you.
“Yeah you try that one out on Rhodes or Stevie, okay? In the meantime, I’m gonna get out of here so that Bruce can come do your check-in, and so you can spend your usual time with Phil. But I’d like…would it be okay if we have lunch together? I find myself not really wanting to be far from you today.”
An interesting question! Stark’s meeting with this version of the team was in many ways similar; the events of the two universes do not begin to significantly diverge until the D/s universe’s Steve Rogers returns from his cross-country motorcycle journey early to assist Stark with the cleanup of New York.
“Language, Boss. We must hold ourselves to a higher standard,” FRIDAY chided. Even through his bewilderment, Steve recognized there was something off about this. Unlike JARVIS, who had been with Tony for far longer, he had never heard FRIDAY pass judgement on Tony’s choices, or claim this kind of familiarity with him. Sure, the period following the Civil War during which Steve and Tony hadn’t spoken had likely allowed for his relationship with his AI to evolve, but this was different.
“Information about something called chaos magic. Our best guess is he’s looking to replicate his sister’s powers, but all our people say that shit is entirely non-transferrable when the other person is dead, so it’s possible the grief has just gotten to him.”
Finally, Bruce and Tony experiment with some more direct submission (rather than the more theoretical/academic discussions we've mostly seen Tony have in this verse so far.) I consider it a clearly negotiated and consensual scene, but I also realize that there can be variations in what each person considers adequately negotiated kink. As always, take care of yourselves and feel free to ask questions if you need clarification or redactions.
“Uh—check in with the kid. If he wants to talk alone tell him I’ll meet him down in the shop. If he comes up here I’ll assume he’s fine with company.”
“It wasn’t enough. Already he’s convinced himself he’ll never need anything like it again, when it’s so painfully obvious that he needs the 24/7 parts of the dynamic way more than anything else.” Bruce hummed thoughtfully, a familiar and comforting sound that reached down inside Natasha two soothe and calm. “I was terrified the entire time, and yet I’m so sure that if we keep moving this slowly we’ll lose him. We need…I don’t know what we need.”
Steve received a glaring reminder of this fact when he walked into the penthouse to find his submissive standing in the middle of the penthouse living room. His arms were crossed defensively against his chest, and he was staring poisonously at Clint, who was seated on the couch with Thor at his feet. Clint wasn’t angry, but he also wasn’t going to give an inch, not with the Dominance that he was projecting with every breath. Steve considered going giving the three of them their space, but Tony had already seen him and was storming over.
“You back the fuck off! He’s ours. Now the two of you just come in here, fucking break him and then won’t even let us in to try to help him—”
In all, the press conference hadn’t been all that difficult. They’d provided nothing in the way of leaks in advance, which meant everyone there had been stunned and forced to think on their feet. And Pepper, as usual, had out-thought most everyone, preparing Tony well for every single question that had come his way.
Steve dismissed the meeting soon afterward, probably because Tony very nearly jumped down the throat of a guy who had been on about how malleable children were, and how much easier this would likely make recruiting Ms. Marvel. The second the door closed behind the last of the other occupants, Steve was crossing the room and wrapping his arms around Tony’s waist from behind. The touch felt both grounding and grating given Tony’s current frustrations.
The plot only thickened when he left the playroom to find Steve in the kitchen. He wore a suit, like the ones he wore to SHIELD, which was one of the oddest things to happen today including Phil making Tony cry with his sex-ninjary, because Steve definitely had the day off today, and he was not the kind of guy to voluntarily put on a suit during his downtime unless he was going on a date. And if that were the case, Tony wouldn’t be wearing the clothes he had on now.
“That’s alright. Can I have your permission to try some things over the next few days, to get a handle on what you might need with food? Not as a Dominant—okay, to be a hundred percent transparent I’m sure it would soothe those instincts too—but mostly just as a friend and a doctor who isn’t wild about how ragged you’re looking?”
“Self…you have got to be kidding me. He’s going to stop me from harming myself by killing me? How does this make sense? And what the hell do you mean anyway, access denied? They’re
“I thought…” He trailed off, unable to bring himself to demand to be made helpless. Clint shook his head.
Tony encounters a new element to his submission, while Bucky deals with the aftereffects of his safeword.
“I wanted to see you touch yourself, lazy and slow because you had all day and you wanted to take your time, wallow in the pleasure.”
“I’m fine,” he said woodenly. “Mr. Stark covered everything, I’m—it’s fine.” It felt odd, after weeks of referring to the man by his first name, to return to the formal title Peter had used while his mentor had been alive. But then, he still was alive, wasn’t he? Just not here, not where Peter needed him, because apparently being needed by a parental figured would be just ‘too much’ for Peter…
“You were supposed to be here two hours ago. I’m starving.” Steve’s smile melted away instantly, replaced with the blend of impatience and guilt that so often seemed to colour his interactions with Peter.
“Well, at a certain point the concern becomes that you’re trying to grieve someone that didn’t exist, that by exaggerating the best and minimizing the worst you’re turning them into an ideal that no one could reasonably be expected to move on from. But if that were the only issue, we could get past it. Where things really become thorny is when your idealization combines with your tendency to compare. And I want to be clear I don't just mean the other version of Tony; how can
“A philosopher named Judith Butler introduced a concept called precarity that I think is relevant to our conversation. She says that the value of the term is that it reminds us that our existence is fundamentally social, that our lives are always to some extent in the hands of someone else. This creates bonds, sometimes of love and care, but also of
Tony got enough rich boy jokes without indulging in his fondness for classical music very often, but he didn’t have it in him to protest. So much classical music was beautiful because it was math, after all, and the symmetry of this particular piece was imminently soothing even despite its somewhat aggressive tone. Bruce’s fingers tapped out an accompanying rhythm in 6/8 time against Tony’s side, and he sighed happily, letting his body sink into the couch.
“Including myself,” JARVIS added. As one, everyone else in the room froze and looked up at the nearest camera. “He has not spoken extensively of the details, but during his recent time in the workshop he grew tired enough that he seemed temporarily unaware I was not his original creation. He apologized for not saving the other me from Ultron.”
No additional warnings I can think of for this chapter other than that Bucky breaks down why Steve's yelling at Tony in the previous chapter was such a crappy thing to do, and that one of those reasons involves it having risked, however unintentionally on Steve's part, a non-consensual power-exchange. If you need or want more information before reading, feel free as always to let me know.
Steve looked…awful. Drawn and defeated and so painfully young. It was all wrong, the way Steve’s shoulders were slumped, the effort every simple movement seemed to cost him. The sight of Steve staring down at his boots like bending down to untie them would be his undoing set something prickling all along Tony’s skin.
“You’re getting tanned,” he commented, eyeing the golden brown skin of Clint’s bare arms and half-covered legs. The shorts he was in should be damn illegal, really, but Tony was so not complaining.
He didn’t know what results he’d been hoping for exactly. The thought of taking on the biochemical and physiological characteristics of submission had been a terrifying one; he needed this version of the team so much as it was, the idea of adding more dimensions to that seemed almost superfluous. It also meant saying goodbye forever to the idea of returning to his own universe; he’d known already, of course, that he wouldn’t risk their presumed victory over Thanos, or his own happiness here, but there was still something infinitely more final about realizing that his body and mind would now be incompatible with life in the world he had called home.
Tony alternated staring between the two of them without realizing he was doing it, at least until Barnes met his gaze (which had fallen again on that gorgeous array of marks) and tipped his chin in the direction of his own back.
When Barnes left and Tony’s heart rate had finally stabilized again, he chanced a look in the bag. It contained a large flat of market-fresh blueberries.
The version of Tony Stark we see in this narrative never resumed a romantic relationship with Pepper Potts following their break-up after the events leading to the creation of Ultron. As such, Morgan Stark was never born.
So no, this wasn’t that. Peter would have that life now, would get to do all of those things and so much more; it was just that Tony wouldn’t be there to witness any of it. He’d be just another on the long list of parental and psuedo-parental figures that had come into Peter’s life and then made an abrupt, painful exit. He liked to think he’d still impacted the kid for the better—certainly the money and the shares in SI that Tony had left him would be enough to ensure that even Peter’s great-grandkids would never feel the threat of financial insecurity ever again. But for once in his life, when it had come to Peter, Tony hadn’t just wanted a legacy. He’d wanted a
Sadly, I am still forced to supply my own groceries. Wong never purchases the right kinds of cheese.
After Tony damn near had a breakdown at the sound of JARVIS’s voice things got a little…weird. Well, okay, the weirdness had started before that, like when a dead man fell out of a hole that opened up in Avenger’s Tower’s penthouse. The point is that once the AI had confirmed the presence of
Content Notes: A few things to know about this chapter in case any of them are triggering. During his discussion with Bruce, Tony has a moment where he maps some of his own world's gender and sexual stereotypes onto the D/s verse, specifically ideas about women/submissives (he sort of collapses the two in his rushed and incorrect analogy) being overemotional and men/Dominants being sex-crazed and unable to control themselves. He is promptly corrected, because those stereotypes are not in fact present in this version of a D/s verse, but the conversation still circles around some fairly heavy topics related to rape culture and sexual/orientational violence.
“There are signs. You can learn someone’s orientational tells the same way you can any other form of body language and behaviour. Coulson’s general response to stress, particularly at work, is to become calmer and hyper-competent. He manages, he manipulates, he handles until the situation is back to where he wishes it to be. His movements are precise, his every word chosen carefully. This morning he was short-tempered. He snapped at Clint and I over the same crap we pull every day. He ordered me an egg-white and turkey bacon breakfast wrap when I asked for sausage. And he didn’t notice that you had barely eaten any of your bagel when he reached for your plate.”
While the fact that May has rarely thought about the Tony Stark of this universe is largely an accident, her not having lingered upon thoughts of the other world’s Peter Parker is entirely purposeful. The thought of a Peter somewhere out there, one who had just learned to rely on another parental figure only to turn around and almost immediately lose him floods her with a terrible, wrenching sadness. And with not a little guilt, because while she hurts for that Peter, her own child has benefited immensely from Tony’s presence in this universe. She doesn’t know if she would give him back if offered the choice, and is pathetically grateful to never have been offered it as she knows Tony was.
“Holy shit, Rhodes. You never…he never…” Clint trailed off, looking vaguely nauseous. The expression was shared by most members of the room, who seemed far more impacted by the story than Tony himself. (I mean, was it disappointing to learn Howard had found new ways to fuck him up in this universe? Sure. Was it surprising? Hell no.)
“Taskmaster appears to be unconscious. His team has blown a hole in the side of the building and escaped with him on—ugh, I think they have cloned copies of our sky cycles, Coulson. Avengers emerging now…Black Widow is signalling for a med-evac. Green team, move in.”
The aftermath of Tony and Natasha's scene goes a little bit sideways, and Tony seeks out support in an unexpected form. Steve wonders how much longer he can sit on the sidelines.
“Because Dr. Bruce is way gentler and better at stitches than Dr. Hulk, which is who you end up dealing with if you try to skip out,” Clint explained with a wince. “And that is actually still not the most terrifying thing that happens when you try it.” He gestured wordlessly to Coulson, who rolled his eyes but also did not dispute the implication.
All of this was good news, certainly better than Steve would have hoped for even twenty-four hours ago. But now that Tony was gone, he felt weirdly unsettled. He wandered the house for a while seeking out his other partners, but everyone seemed pretty content to occupy themselves individually after some intense togetherness—well, all except for Clint and Rhodey, who had been in the midst off a pretty intensely flirty game of pool. Steve went for a run on the beach, prepped dinner for the night, checked his phone multiple times for updates for Tony, and groaned as he looked down at his watch to find it was just after 11:00 in the morning. He wanted to talk to someone…not his partners or his therapist, someone who was just…a friend.
Thank you all so much, as always, for your kudos and your wonderful, thought-provoking comments and #AskStrange questions. Please keep 'em coming! (And if you haven't seen the latest #AskStrange response, make sure to check that out as well!)
The team has made some wise choices to emphasize his value as an individual; his watch collection, for instance, as well as the ‘fashion show’ demanded by Agent Barton were both designed to positively reinforce Stark’s right and ability to make decisions and have preferences that might be distinct from the of his predecessor.
“You’re nice and loose this morning, carrying a lot less tension here,” Bruce observed. “How are the chest and the breathing?”
For him, sex had been a site of occasional pleasure, sure, but it had also been a tool and a distraction and a source of occasional distress. For the most part, Tony had benefited from actively refusing to think too hard about his sex life. Even without the kink stuff thrown in as another added wrinkle, this was pretty much virgin (ugh, he was resorting to mental puns now) territory.
Content Notes: Tony gets the results of his bloodwork in this chapter, and struggles with what it means for his future. There is also also an intense argument, mediated by Pepper, between himself and Steve. During that discussion, Steve uses an ableist slur (stupid) to refer to a plan of Tony's. If you need more information about any of this before reading, feel free as always to let me know.
Content Notes: CNOW (the not-so-friendly-neighbourhood bigots who are against trans-orientations and everything but an embrace of 'natural' orientation) are featured in this chapter. We don't hear directly from anyone in the organization, but it still might be worth skipping if this is a trigger area for you.
James Barnes has perhaps the most complex and conflicted relationship with collars. The collar he had received from Captain Rogers was taken from him during his time with HYDRA, and for a long time he mourned its absence and refused any replacements. He was convinced to accept one during the team’s bonding ceremony with the other version of Tony, but he must be in a very specific headspace to be able to accept wearing it.
“Excellent timing, I feared they may not make the call until morning. I thank you greatly, ceiling voice!” Like his own version, Tony had come to realize that Thor was trolling at least half the time when he pretended to be unaware of what was going on around him. This address of JARVIS, to whom Tony had personally heard the man speak on numerous other occasions with easy familiarity, was definitely one of them. Before Tony could tease either of them, Thor had thrown on his cloak and was holding out a hand to Tony. “Shall we?”
“I’m not calling anyone are you—” Here there was an extended pause while more of Peter’s organs attempted to flee via his mouth. “—joking? Steve would kill me, or send me back, and there’s nowhere else for me to go!”
“Are you done?” he bit out, hands on his hips. Dummy made an exasperated noise of his own, then rammed into Tony from behind so that he fell facefirst on the couch next to Steve. “Oof. Dummy, what the
“I’m really okay,” Tony informed them for at least the fifth time in thirty minutes, hunting for his spot welder. By this point he normally would have employed one of the bots in his search, but all three of them were aiding other members of the team. “I’m not gonna…drop, or whatever.”
“No they did not, because James has rules. But they came about as close to kissing without actually doing so as two people can possibly achieve. Clint is still complaining about blue balls this morning. What about you? How did you feel about having James in the room during a sexual scene?” Tony shrugged.
“This was a big, emotional scene for both of you. I’m not remotely surprised that you did. I’ll admit to being a little eager to hear the details,” he confessed, and they both laughed a little when this made Tony whine low in his throat. (Such an exhibitionist, their boy, except it was also something sweeter than that. Oh from reports Tony did get off on being watched, but Steve suspect it was also that he was happy to know how much the team thought and talked about him.) “You’ve both done well this morning. Tony, you did exactly the right thing by calling for me so we could help make sure you and Steve were both alright. I’m very proud of you, and we can negotiate a reward the next time we scene. Steve,” he continued, not giving Tony the chance to resist the praise, “I can only imagine what it took for you to ask for another Dominant right now. Thank you for trusting me with you and yours.”
Following Natasha’s lead, Steve went for the shields instead. He took one out of commission with a well-placed kick right at the apex of its curve. The last remaining shield retreated back to the armour. When it did Steve dove for the shield, dodging several repulsor blasts. He was still rolling forward and into a standing position when he sent the shield soaring again, with more force and speed than his first attempt.
He’d done non-sexual scenes with the team before, but he’d still mostly been focused on doing what they wanted, being who and what they needed. This…Natasha and the others, they had given this to Tony just because he’d asked. Because, he realized with a start, he was allowed to ask for things now, and to expect the team to help him get what he needed. He knew himself well enough to know it was a lesson he’d probably have to keep learning, but for right now he let himself feel just a little dizzy with the joy and possibility spreading out in front of him.
By the time he shook off the dream and made his way to the palace, he was nearly half an hour late for the meeting with Masdee’s team and the dora. He slipped in the back as quietly as he could.
He wasn’t the only one watching the pair carefully, however. A cursory glanced revealed that every other Dominant and Switch in the room was working hard to pretend they weren’t hanging on each word the two men were saying. Some were more successful than others; after a moment, Thor stopped bothering to keep up the act at all and leaned forward in his seat. Tony sighed and wrapped his weight blanket more tightly around himself.
And that…that wasn’t a pained kind of noise. Steve knew precisely what that tone in Tony’s voice meant and it was pretty much the opposite of pain. (Oh god.)
The last section of the chapter also has Tony dealing for the first time in this fic with Peter, both the lingering trauma of his death in IW Part One, and the fact that his presumed resurrection in the other verse will come at the expense of Tony getting to be involved in his life. If child loss (or parent loss, given that Tony also meditates on how his loss in the MCU will impact Peter) is a trigger for you, I would strongly advise stopping your read at "...when they lost you." While Peter's loss will of course impact Tony throughout this story, that pain is very raw and acute here in ways it won't necessarily be for the entire story.
The same character (for reasons unrelated to his orientation) is also asked to leave his home in this chapter. He has somewhere safe to go, and his alientation from his guardian will not be permanent, but again it's something I can help anyone who wants to avoid this material skip if necessary.
“I do.” He’d planned to just leave it there, but Steve had never been particularly good at holding his tongue. “But take it from a guy who spent the better part of two years stomping on the rewind button until the damn thing broke? The work of building something new and actually getting to just be in the present is worth it. I swear it is.”
In symphony, we of course get a darker view of the Hamilton/Tony parallels, one that on one hand accepts the fact of Hamilton/Tony’s death as an inevitable turn of events. But I also love the lines that make up the title because just like the way Hamilton talks about America as an unfinished symphony that he got to briefly participate in composing, Tony’s life (in both universes) is so. damn. unfinished. And I liked the idea of exploring what would happen if forces beyond him kind of recognized that and refused to let him go. Tony started this story prepared to die, but not remotely prepared to live, so it’s very much a narrative that tries to think through how he could go about doing the latter, and how the team can help him make a livable, healthy, joyful life for himself.
Ah, an excellent beginning with another sensible, scientific question. Truly, you readers give me hope for the future…well, most versions of it, anyway. (There’s always one where Deadpool ends up ruling everything, or I end up *shudder* teaming up with Peter Quill.)
Then Thor took up the strap. He delivered a single blow, and even though Tony was familiar enough with Thor’s other-worldly strength to know he probably wasn’t using even a third of it, the force was still enough to punch out a scream that felt like it came right from Tony’s soul.
It was over in under two minutes, Tony shooting ropes of come into the air that splattered his stomach and thighs and the sheet beneath him. Clint followed shortly thereafter, stripping off his shirt and pants and tugging his own cock out of his boxers without even bothering to take them off. That sight on its own, Clint too much in a hurry to bother fully undressing, was enough to draw another twinge out of Tony’s own oversensitive dick. Clint brought himself off with the same ruthless focus that he’d used on Tony, smiling in dark satisfaction as he painted Tony with his come.
He’d never expected Rhodey to be anything but a good, responsible Dominant, but the aftercare that followed the spanking still came somewhat as a surprise. (His own Rhodey had cared fiercely and deeply, but had rarely been demonstrative except when drunk. In hindsight Tony realized this was probably a huge part of why he always insisted on drinking so much when Rhodey had been around.) What came as even more of a shock, despite the literal pain in his ass, was how much better he felt in the wake of the spanking. He’d felt relief after the only other punishment he’d had involving pain, but he’d assumed that had much more to do with the release of finally telling someone what had happened to his Natasha. Rhodey thought otherwise.
The nickname was so warm and fond that Tony just barely bit back a sob. Clint smiled sadly and crossed the room to pull Tony in close for a hug. His grip was harder and more forceful than it usually was, something just on the edge of turning into a restraining hold rather than an embrace; after a few beats, Clint seemed to recognize that too; he released Tony abruptly and took several steps backward. Natasha slid up next to him, signing something so fast that Tony’s fledgling efforts at mastering ASL couldn’t follow.
While Clint was still marinating in his outrage, Steve abandoned his attempts to undress Nat with his eyes and turned a somewhat disbelieving stare on Phil.
“My apologies, Sir. Would you prefer I alter the settings to Easy mode?” JARVIS was a troll in every universe, apparently, and Tony couldn’t possibly be more grateful for that than he was right now. He tapped at the housing unit on his chest, and the in seconds the armour was greeting him like an old friend. The suit was battered from its final encounter with Thanos, but its metal embrace was no less comforting for that. “Sir, the Avengers are requesting updates as to your status. Shall I place the room in Blackout mode until you’re finished?”
This time it connected, hitting the armour roughly above Tony’s ribcage. He grunted and doubled over, and the chatter and commentary in the room instantly died out.
“Take me through it again.” It pained Tony to make the request. He had never been someone who required information be repeated, a habit he’d come by the same way as most: from good ol’ Dad, who had often feigned temporary hearing impairment when Tony hadn’t understood him the first time he’d said something. Tony had learned to piece most things together with contextual clues, and to bluster through when he still felt like he was missing something but didn’t dare ask what it was.
Two members of the team also practice some elements of their relationship in front of Tony. It is discussed first, and Tony is (offscreen) given a safeword as well as the explicit invitation to leave if anything is uncomfortable for him to witness. This would be a hard one to skip since, well, it's a D/s universe so stuff like this will happen, but I can still help redact the chapter if needed.
How truly foolish had Steve been, to believe that death and ‘resurrection’ would change the fundamental truths about their lives? In every possible variation, Tony would always be Iron Man, and Steve would always be Captain America. They had charged themselves with the safety and security of the world, which meant that they would always be on the front lines. Always at risk.
“There’s a cloaking shield on the glass. They can’t hear or see us,” Rhodey explained, gesturing to the heavily populated lab in front of them where people did indeed appear to be working entirely undisturbed by their dead boss’s presence. “Our Tony found that as soon as the younger techs saw him wandering around, they either got shy and quiet, or they tried to prove themselves and ended up blowing shit up. Sometimes he’d do it intentionally to test them, but when they were doing really delicate work he liked to be able to observe without the risk of disturbing anyone.”
“Is-I mean, you’re the team’s handler, can’t you overrule him? Tell him to stop being such a stubborn prick?” Tony didn’t care if he was overreaching, didn’t even really give a damn about the org chart. Being entirely cut off from the team when the last thing he’d heard was that Steve was
“Strip.” Tony scrambled to obey, leaving his own clothes in a messy heap in the corner of the room that made Coulson smirk. Tony got back down onto his knees without invitation and practically dove at Phil’s groin, at least until a restraining hand in his hair stopped him. “Slow down, now. I know you’re eager, and I like that a lot, Tony, that’s really sweet, but I like to start off a little slower. Just kiss and suck at the head for a while, hmm?”
Which was how he had ended up standing in an unmoving elevator, contemplating the absurdity that had become his life.
come, to avoid the truth of Clint’s words and all the recognition and insight that were wrapped up in them. Clint’s face gentled for just a second, just long enough for disappointed hope to surge in Tony as he wondered if he’d managed to get himself out of this conversation. Then Clint’s hand wrapped itself around his cock, tighter and more deliberately, and he came to a straddling position atop Tony. (Even in the middle of a scene, he was mindful of the limits of Tony’s body, careful to never rest any weight higher than Tony’s hips.)
You know, one of the things I swore I would never do was end a story with a wedding. Nothing against marriage, it's just not really my jam. But I ended up falling in love with the idea that while superhero stuff so often falls into tragic tropes and archetypes, that this particular narrative would end the way all classical comedies do: with a wedding.
Calling it a show seemed a little insensitive at first, but there was really no other word for what happened next. Tony had never had time to actually watch Thor do this before given that they had always been in the heat of battle, but when he threw his arm and the hammer in the air and the skies opened up he was almost ashamed that he’d ever even bothered to try to take Thor on. He was so utterly otherworldly like this, manipulating the very forces of nature with the same ease that Tony himself bent metal and circuits to his will. Heavy thunder shook the earth, lightning illuminating the sky so brightly that you could have read a small-print book just by its light alone. In under a minute, rain began to fall in heavy sheets.
“I had quite forgotten how merciless you can be when in the correct mood, mine Steve. I am torn between joy at seeing you thus and fear for my own prospects.”
“You know the team talks, right, and not just about practical things?” This time Tony was sure his surprise showed on his face, because Steve chuckled. The sound was low and dark and just a little bit arrogant, and the latter was so different and specific to Steve as a Dominant that Tony would have done anything to hear it again even as it also made him feel ever so slightly humiliated. “Oh sweetheart. I know so much about you already. Lay back for me and get the first toy slicked up and I’ll tell you just how much.”
compared to seeing them like this. None of the Doms tried to imitate or compete with one another, they worked with a singular, focused purpose; the punishment built slowly and steadily, the distinctions between each of their styles enough to keep Tony off-balance and focused without tipping him too far toward abjection or self-loathing.
Tony wanted it on the record that he tried to avoid that particular conversation. It wasn’t exactly hard to get at least the bare-bones facts of what had happened, and while learning about the so-called Scarlet War had been a bit of a shock, it also had ended up making sense surprisingly quickly. Tony had come to care for Wanda in his own universe, but even there she had never been entirely stable. In this universe, where Mark II had never created the flawed version of Ultron, Sokovia had never fallen, and Wanda had never learned to see past her grudge against Tony and joined the Avengers, it made sense that all of her darker impulses had grown stronger and more deadly. Though it was a little disconcerting to realize how directly their fates seemed to be intertwined; Mark II’s relationship with his team had flourished at Wanda’s indirect expense, and in return she had taken Mark II from all of them.
That same feeling he’d found before during the paddling, that release that felt like it liquified Tony’s bones and forced every bit of tension from his muscles, finally took him over. He sagged against the bench, barely feeling the last two blows. The strap fell to the floor, and the team was all smooth motion and soft words, unbuckling Tony and helping him down from the bench while they petted and praised him. His ass was on fire, but the hurt was some kind of beautiful paradox, making Tony untouchable and freer than he’d ever felt.
“On average, response time is seven minutes longer during school hours. I have also taken the liberty of accounting for other commitments, including common hours for religious observances, and found similar patterns.”
I am imminently surprised this question has not yet come up, though the focus rather does seem to be on Stark, doesn’t it? (Surprise surprise…)
“Shuddit, Platypus. Anyway, I went to a house party of this guy doing his PhD in robotics, and I was drunk but still entirely bored with the conversation. So I…borrowed some of the components of his project—”
“You want to kneel for a bit while we do that, Phil? You seem like you’re wound pretty tight.” Agent actually blushed, darting a glance over to Tony and then back at Natasha.
“Not yet,” he smiled, then acted quickly to get Talia distracted with some of the administrative details of the pilot program before she could ask any follow up questions.
“Sirs. I am deeply sorry to interrupt. Ms. Potts is requesting entry, and has used her emergency override code.” Clint growled, practically leaping from the bed and shoving pants on. Tony sat frozen on the couch, totally unsure how to proceed. It was one thing for Clint to see him this way when he’d been the one to put Tony down in subspace, but it was entirely another to think of Pepper witnessing him this…this slow and clingy.  He had, at least, put on boxers and a pair of loose pyjama pants, so he wouldn’t have to do this naked.
“I know we aren’t,” Pepper smiled. There was just a hint of sadness, or maybe pre-emptive exhaustion in her expression. (He wished that even once choosing the right path for SI and the public’s future wasn’t going to make Pepper’s life so much more challenging in the present.)
“That is difficult to say, and I would like Mr. Stark’s permission to monitor his levels on a fairly regular basis for the next six months at least. If I were going to speculate right now, however…his numbers truly are extremely low given how long you’ve told me he’s been here. It is still possible, of course, that they may spike more dramatically at some point—that is why I think it crucial to track them over a more extended period—however, current data suggests it will likely be years, maybe even decades, before they reach normal levels for a submissive. They may never, in fact; it’s possible they will plateau at a certain point.”
Polyamorous relationships are more common in this world than in our own. There are many instances where a dynamic simply requires more than two people in order for it to function in a healthy and fulfilling way for all participants. As such, these relationships do enjoy more legal and social recognitions.
“God as my witness I will yeet you across the room if you don’t stop beeping,” he threatened. For some reason, this worked. Peter was momentarily impressed by the fact that he could inspire terror in inanimate objects. This was when the first memory of the night before came back to him: MJ seizing his phone after his 14th text to Harley, telling Peter that he would be thankful later.
going notice that you still haven’t submitted paperwork from that mess in Pakistan, Clint.” Clint groaned and then made a show of turning his hearing aids down and shouting,
Clint, stunned to have been rendered so entirely ineffective, didn’t even manage a grunt, let alone a pithy reply. Coulson was taking notes on a holoscreen so quickly that his fingers weren’t even visible anymore.
The phrasing was very old-world, having fallen out of fashion while Steve was in the ice. And it wasn’t something they generally used anyway given their poly dynamics. Every once in a while, though, usually when a one-on-one scene was particularly intense, the Dominants could still be prone to short bursts of possessiveness. Bruce hadn’t let this stop him from caring for Tony, but he acknowledged it now with a warm, understanding smile.
Tony had agreed (because what else could he do, really, standing there with his sad floor-pasta and trying desperately not to remember what it had been to truly starve.) Then he’d gotten the hell out of Dodge, avoiding being alone with Bruce the rest of the evening and heading to bed as early as seemed plausible.
Content Notes: (More spoilery than usual!) The last response contains a description of MCU Peter and Harley reacting to Tony's message. While it's a fairly cathartic moment for Harley, Peter has way more complicated feelings about learning Tony is choosing to stay away. That's something he'll work through and resolve in the side-fic that, let's face it, I am definitely writing detailing MCU Peter and Steve's reluctant parent/kid relationship post-Endgame. However, that's far enough away that if you don't want to think about Peter struggling without some immediate comfort, I'd suggest skipping for now.
“They’ll talk about that with you later. Right now let’s focus on why we’re here right now. I’m going to start warming you up, and while I do, I’d like you to tell me why you’re being punished.” Steve’s hand landed with a heavy, solid thump to one of Tony’s cheeks, then two others in close succession when Tony stayed silent, mentally revising his predictions about just how much this was likely to hurt if
“Mostly through temperature. It made me warm, and not just in the places where it had actual contact with my skin. Which is infuriating, by the way—it was borderline cruel to give me something like this and then leave where I couldn’t follow and ask you the hundred follow up questions I have about how it works. Oh, and I think it feels heavier, sometimes, too.”
“You did so well today. I didn’t have the chance to tell you, but feeding you was incredible. You were perfect and responsive, everything a Dominant could ever have wanted. I could have stayed there with you just like that for hours. Even if you never do anything like it again, I’m honoured that you gave that gift to me.” Bruce didn’t give Tony the chance to come up with a snarky reply designed to put some distance back between them. He always paired praise with some kind of remark about the shield schematics so that the discomfort of receiving such open approval was tempered with cool logic. It would have driven pretty much all Tony’s previous partners crazy to have him vacillating so rapidly between science and romance (or whatever romance-adjacent thing this was), but especially with Bruce the one really didn’t seem like a distraction from the other. Even in his own world, Tony and Bruce had always been intellectually compatible if nothing else, so it felt like a natural way to build on already-existing form of intimacy. Tony hummed in contentment and tipped his head back.
By the time Clint actually arrived, Tony was back in that fuzzy state. He was pretty sure that, despite the original goal of the conversation, the two men spent most of their time talking about
“No no the muffins are good I swear. Or at least Bruce assured me they were, and he made them, and since he’s on some kind of make-Tony-eat kick I really doubt he’d supply substandard baking.”
, a Dominant-inclined Switch, divides his time between assisting the Avengers with low-level operations and his role as a stay-at-home parent to his daughters Cassie and June. Lang recently came out as asexual, and conceived his second child with the aid of a surrogate.
“Answer just the question I’m asking you, Tony.” There was a prickling edge to Clint’s tone that suggested he was just barely refraining from allowing his Dominant instincts to surface. It was…provocative, simultaneously tempting Tony both to press his luck and to acquiesce to whatever demands Clint made.
This, though, this was getting absurd. They’d been playing hot-potato with Tony’s damn mission report for days now, with Coulson sending constant requests for corrections and clarifications, and Tony trying and apparently failing to fulfill said requests. The whole thing was making Tony long for the days when he’d just refused to fill this kind of stuff out. He stared down at the boomerang arrow for several long second (was it vibrating? had he put some kind of mini repulsor in the shaft, or had that been a fevered dream?), then set it down (cautiously!) on the table in front of him with a sigh.
Tony clearly assumed that the tumultuous scene at breakfast was going to get him out of exercising, and Steve did wonder if his complaining when he learned otherwise was ever going to end. He did brighten up, though, when he learned that the entire team would be joining he and Rhodes on their run, and they all did their best to make it fun. It was nice enough outside for them to use the beach rather than the gym, and Rhodey shouted Air Force running cadences over the sounds of the crashing waves as they ran through the sand in what could only very loosely be called a formation. This naturally led to Steve and Phil both trying to persuade the team to use Army cadences instead, resulting in a cacophony of jumbled calls and responses which eventually culminated in Clint singing what turned out to be the Hogwarts school song. The exertion and the ocean breeze had brought a beautiful  to Tony’s cheeks and Steve was deeply sorry when Rhodey eventually called a halt to the session. (Judging by the cheers and pained groans that came from the rest of the team, however, he was very likely the only one who felt that way.)
“Absolutely not. It is ass o’clock in the morning, and for the first time in days I’m not waking up to the eardrum-splitting wale that is the alarm to assemble. Which, by the way, I’ve been meaning to have a word with you about that. Could there not be some kind of dampener based on the threat level? Like, did those creepy mannequin things that group of Dr. Who fans made really require the same volume as that Taskmaster guy? I was having a really good dream that morning.”
“I should get home.” Tony nodded, rising to his feet for the first time even as he maintained a careful distance from the kid. He let Peter get all the way to the elevator and then called out,
Maybe it should have felt less special to see the prized substance on another member of the team, but sometimes this whole poly deal was a little easier than Tony anticipated. Instead of feeling jealous, or like his own gift had been somehow cheapened, it felt like the watch took on a new level, marking him not just as Thor’s, but as a member of something larger. He flushed at his own sappiness and hurriedly made to stare down at the blank notepad on the table.
“See, now you sound like him. Go with that,” Clint advised. Thor nodded in agreement, but Phil shook his head.
He dialed the number he still remembered by heart before he really had time to consider whether or not it was really a good idea.
Your comments, kudos, questions, rants, and feedback of any and all forms are all so very much appreciated! Also, I held a live AskStrange on my Tumblr last week and really enjoyed it, so if you're interested in asking The Doctor any questions about this verse and receiving immediate or semi-immediate (the Doctor's 'visions' (aka ficlets) take a little longer), pop over
A yell from down the hallway was followed by a loud crash, and a piece of colourful plastic skidded to a stop at Peter’s feet. He picked it up to find a bright purple Lego brick. Its owner stood several feet away, hovering over the remains of what Peter was fairly sure had been the Knight Bus. After a few moments of painful hesitation, he picked the Lego up and crossed the space between him and Ned to hold it out to the boy who had once been his closest friend. Ned barely glanced at him as he snatched the piece from his hand.
“Not unless you know something about your recent activities that I don’t. I actually just wanted to make contact with you, maybe set up a meeting.”
He distantly heard JARVIS say something to Tony. Tony fired back a barrage of questions fast enough that Steve might not have been able to keep up even had he not been dropping. Oddly enough, though, feeling a bit foolish in comparison to Tony and JARVIS’s rapid exchange of ideas brought the first real sense of relief. (This was still Tony, still the beautiful, brilliant man he loved. Steve hadn’t broken him.) The next distraction came when Tony spoke to him, and this time Steve was aware enough to really listen.
The whole thing felt silly, like middle-school level shenanigans that were supposed to end in a pillow fight or a long talk about crushes and Frenching. But he marched obediently to his room anyway, dumping the entire box unceremoniously onto the bed. It wasn’t until he was removing the almost perfectly-tailored suit and trading it in for a pair of soft jeans and a long-sleeved green v-neck that the relief of so literally stripping away the Mark II facade and replacing it with something he himself had chosen really hit. With her usual sense of unnervingly perfect timing, Natasha knocked on the door several seconds later, bearing an open box of watches much as she had the night of Tony's birthday party. The price tags were still on all of them, probably to reassure him that they were new. There were seven in the box, a number that didn’t seem like a coincidence. (One from each member of the team.)
“You wouldn’t have to. If the King is willing to accommodate SHIELD trainees, with compensation of course, we could easily have you split your time between here and New York.”
He should have ended his exploration there. Instead, Peter took the elevator into the sub-basement. He told himself he was seeking nothing more than a potential glimpse of Professor Hulk’s lab space, but the pounding thud of his heart that accompanied his every step out of the elevator proved otherwise.
The Avengers battle Taskmaster while Tony and Coulson monitor events from the Tower. In the aftermath, Steve makes a decision about his future with Tony.
“Well, I gotta say I’m surprised, Cap. I really expected Underoos to stick with my advice on this one.”
Tony said he needed time to think over what Steve had proposed, and Steve was just as happy to let them both contemplate the matter for a few days. But even the prospect of such a big change on the horizon had him feeling happier than he had in recent memory, like the final piece of a puzzle had been slotted into place. Tony, he noted, seemed to be experiencing a similar exhilaration. He’d even dug out the Tower’s Christmas decorations; boxes of garland and candy canes and ribbon lay strewn all over the penthouse, which Tony decorated for a couple hours every evening, until he grew bored or distracted by other projects. Drama was having an absolute field day with the shininess of it all, and Dummy took every opportunity he could find to chase the team down with a piece of mistletoe that he held aloft in his claw in a silent demand that whichever configuration of people he happened to find all kiss one another.
The return of that knotted feeling in her stomach made her angry and tired. She let the door open a little harder than usual and scanned the apartment warily. Peter, it turned out, was not hard to find. He was sitting on the couch in the dark, grasping something small in his right hand. When he heard May enter, he turned to face her with red-rimmed eyes. His hand fell open, revealing a Lego mini figure in a purple vest and matching pants. Weighted down by a familiarity with death and an overdeveloped sense of responsibility, Peter usually looked far older than his age. But right now he seemed impossibly, heartbreakingly young, and all of May’s frustration and exhaustion vanished in the face of it. She kicked off her shoes, put down the leftovers, and stood before her nephew, who immediately buried his face against her hip.
Steve couldn’t take not touching Thor for another second. He turned in his spot and wrapped a bracing arm around the width of his partner's chest. For several seconds they clung to one another in silence.
I can only assume you refer here to the so-called ‘Civil War.’ (Or to Stark’s affection for Stark Raving Hazlenuts?) In both cases, the answer is most definitely yes. The type of relationship the Avengers must be able to at least convincingly affect to the public would be, to my mind, impossible if their various ‘issues’ from the other universe are not discussed.
Toomes…the name was not immediately familiar to Steve, and given both his photographic memory and his position at SHIELD, this was not comforting. He wanted to demand answers of Tony, but Natasha shook her head and threaded her fingers back through Tony’s hair. He leaned into her thigh and launched into a detailed update about the goings-on at SI.
Edited to add: a paragraph from the Steve/Talia conversation that somehow vanished during the initial copy/paste.
“I can do you one better than that, Brucie Bear. The repairs aren’t entirely finished yet—see over here on the side, and up near the neck, and the right arm of course—anyway, if you can make time in the next couple of days you can come work on it with me.”
“I miss him so much. I don’t mean to—I don’t want to be like I was before, obsessed with how I couldn’t save him and oblivious to everything I still have, I swear I’m not trying to—”
“Different subs have unique ways of marking the division between their regular and submissive selves, especially before an actual scene. You’ve seen how some of us do it: Phil hands us his worries. Thor usually starts by being bound. For those for whom baths are effective, it’s usually the fairly literal symbolism that’s appealing—washing away the worries of the day, presenting yourself clean and fresh to your Dominant.”
However, I would posit that this will start to shift in the immediate future due two factors. The first is the increasing visibility of those identifying as un-oriented. The second is the conversations around measures to more effectively balance work and orientation. While I am not an expert in the field, I would posit that when individuals are no longer so starved for orientational interaction at the end of the workday, they will likely be more inclined to consider sexuality outside of those boundaries.
These were all awesome questions, and writing from Rhodey's POV was one of my favourite things ever. Thanks, team!
Steve had attempted to give them some privacy for the bath, but Tony made quiet noises of protest every time Steve got more than a couple of feet away from him. So he sat on the floor, keeping up a gentle prattle about what was happening and what their next steps would be and interspersing it all with ample praise.
“It is one o’clock, sir. You asked me to remind you of your appointment with Doctor Banner.” Ah, right. More sub-training. Brucie-Bear had been curiously tight-lipped about what this particular session was going to entail, but the guy had also been endearingly excited about it all morning. He’d confirmed the time with Tony three separate times, and then had spent the better part of the morning whistling to himself as he’d puttered around the kitchen.
Which was all well and good, except for the way it felt kind of weird not to have them on his case. After chafing against the structure those practices forced on his days, having a whole day wide open in front of him was…unsettling. In hindsight, it was possible that he’d only done the energy drink+coffee combo in a failed attempt to try to get under Bruce’s skin and force a reaction from him. Following Pepper to SI, then, not only allowed him to keep a close eye on her, it also gave Tony something to do that wasn’t obsessing over whether or not it as possible that some part of him actually missed all the parts of submission that he railed against the most, like the goddamn check-ins. (There was no way he missed those, right?)
Which was how Tony ended up chugging terrible coffee in a SHIELD conference room while reviewing footage of a young woman who called herself Ms. Marvel (a title Carol Danvers had apparently once gone by in this universe), using comically huge fists to pick up a team of five or so guys attempting to
Tony tried to imagine what it had been like for Mark II to use it. Had it been something routinized? Had he always taken time to kneel at ten in the morning or something? Nah, that didn’t feel right, at least not to Tony. If it were him, he’d want something more spontaneous. He’d want to be able to get off the phone with a grumpy investor or emerge from the shop after a spectacularly failed attempt at a new project, grab the pillow and just…surrender. Hand it all over to someone else for a while, the way he’d watched Coulson quite literally offer up his worries to Natasha.
“Sometimes I really don’t like you.” This was not, perhaps, the most appropriate thing to say to a woman who had just submitted for him so recently, but Natasha threw her head back and laughed all the same.
I continue to adore your questions, comments, and kudos. They make returning to this fic, even after so long and so many words, a delight. Thank you <3
“Tony asked me to look out for him shortly after he arrived in our universe, and requested that I keep this information private between he and I. So I will not permit his being punished for anything that comes out of this.”
.” She spat the last word like it was something a little bit dirty, and everyone in the room laughed. “Truly though. I’ve never…even once the team had found each other, I think some part of me always felt like I didn’t deserve this, could never really wipe out enough red to earn being happy. But the most elemental forces of the universe aligned to bring you here, give you to us. Who am I to argue in the face of something like that?”
“Language.” The warning had fallen from Tony’s mouth before he'd even realized he was going to speak at all, and he groaned, putting his face in his hands. If Rhodey ever found out he was never going to live this first meeting down.
“I can imagine that would have been a…fraught experience for both of you.” Phil’s tone was descriptive, devoid of judgement or emotion, and Steve almost hated the other man for how good he was at this, how contained and calm and neutral he could be in the face of the bombshell that had been dropped on all of them. Bruce nodded miserably.
Steve was selfish in grief. He’d spent enough of his life in mourning for people, for whole worlds, that he knew it to be true. Oh he could get through missions fine, but the second they were over, when he was Steve Rogers and not the Captain, he didn’t even bother trying to prevent the way it took him over, seeping away at his kindness and his hope and his joy and leaving nothing behind but dust. (Dust had haunted Steve long before Thanos had turned half the living world into it.)
Steve resisted the urge, barely, to bang his head against the wall. Or the island. Or any hard surface, really. Now he didn’t just have the memory of the sound, or the image of Tony in the aftermath, he had the man himself explicitly talking about the porn he’d been watching to prepare to submit to the rest of Steve’s lovers. (Someone, somewhere, really hated Steve.)
"It was, but I…he had such a hard time with food here, at the beginning, but it’s been helping a lot for me to leave little snacks around the Tower rather than forcing big meals on him. So I thought this would be a useful extension of that, and a chance for him to get experience with a form of submission that will more than likely be expected of him once we go public.”
that tone. Its purpose was to diffuse and deflect.) “A good few days does not mean you are healed, Steve.”
The soft transparency of Tony half in subspace from the day before was long gone, which meant that without Tony’s typical verbalizing of his in-process thoughts, Steve was lost in his attempts to predict the other man’s response. After what felt like innumerable seconds, Tony walked up the length of the theatre and held his hand out. Awkwardly, Steve went to shake it, but Tony wrinkled his nose, jerked his hand backward and pointed to the Korean.
“I’ve told you what’s going to happen if you can’t behave for me. I’m not in the habit of repeating myself.”
But Steve had worked hard and long enough to recognize that feeling for what it was. If he gave in to it now then one of them, he or Tony, would be lost: either Tony would succumb to the overwhelming force of Steve’s will bending his own, until he woke up one day not knowing who he was anymore, or Steve would lose himself in another version of Tony Stark, their world shrinking down to nothing but each other and their team. It was tempting, it was far more of a temptation than the Tessaract or any version of control or domination that had ever been presented to Steve, but he’d already seen how that version of their story ended, knew how empty it would leave him them when they lost each other one way or another.
“Good. Now, usually I have my subs count during punishments, but you don’t need to worry about that today. We’ll be here until Bruce or I think you’re ready to be finished. When we do decide that, it’s done. It’s over. You talk to us, and then you let all this guilt and whatever is twisting you up inside go. That’s what punishment is for. Not to hurt you, not to get some kind of retribution. It’s to help you find some peace.”
“Tony, I’m not trying to invade your privacy. I promised that we would let your relationships with the others develop in whatever ways felt natural and right and I stand by that. But you haven’t been yourself, and I’m concerned.” Tony groaned, that dark flush painting his cheeks again. “Sweetheart, whatever happened, you can talk to me.”
“Yeah he’s fine.” Steve sighed audibly, and despite the fact that Peter often considered pissing the guy off to be a kind of sport, he knew a few seconds of guilt. Steve was trying in his own unpolished and uncomfortable way, it wasn’t his fault that he wasn’t, well, Tony. “He makes her laugh a lot, which she hasn’t done much in the past few years. And he seems, I don’t know. Solid. Grounded.”
The kink checklist was at least simpler, requiring only a Yes or No about whether he’d experienced something, and then a ranking of his interest in the activity from 1-5. There was also space allotted for him to make any additional notes or clarifications.
“No.” Coulson didn’t sound angry, but there was no mistaking the conviction in his tone. It was enough to get Pepper to look from her phone to where he still stood next to the fireplace. “I apologize for interrupting, Ms. Potts, but I’m afraid that isn’t going to work for us. We would want to be involved in any kind of resource development and support Tony needs. The bond between he and the team was just as much a part of…the other Tony’s identity as his submission, and that can’t be forced for the cameras. I’m not, this isn’t.” Coulson huffed, running a hand over his face. It was the first time Tony had ever seen even the remotest crack in the calm competence that Coulson wore as effectively as Tony wore the suit, or Cap his shield. Clint signed something to him and he nodded, took another long breath, and then turned to Tony. “This is not an attempt to…to
“In addition to most of a roast and every imaginable side, I’m pretty sure there’s an entire specialty-baked cake in that bag. You’re not losing them over one no-show, Pete. I’m not sure you could lose them at all even if you tried.” Peter made a distressed noise of dissent that might have been a word and probably wasn’t. May gave in to the urge to card her fingers through his hair. “I don’t know how much you remember about how things were after Ben died. But pretty much the only way I could get through the days was to set one small, manageable goal. I’d tell myself I didn’t have to face a whole day, I just had to brush my teeth. That’s all. At the beginning, I usually went back to bed after that. But as time went on, I added another step, and another: I’d brush my teeth
“I distinctly remember one morning we discovered that you’d cannibalized the toaster for parts during the night. I’d never heard Jarvis yell so loudly when he found out you’d taken his precious tea kettle too,” laughter filled the room and even Tony felt nostalgic amusement flicker beneath the anxiety.
“Yes, Captain Steve Rogers. That’s Clint Barton, my pilot, and Thor, he’s the insurance policy,” Steve smiled slightly as he gestured to each man respectively.
“We ain't have a choice right now. We’ll find a way to talk ourselves out of this, somehow. But, for now, we have to do as they say. A Skiff cruiser is too fast for us to outrun when they’re already on top of us,” Steve said, glaring at the ship.
Doctor Judas Traveller was a tall man, with long, white hair, and a matching handlebar moustache on his slightly wrinkled face. He wore a long, dark blue cloak over slightly darker pants and a white shirt, numerous golden chains hung from his throat and arms, while two brown belts doubled over his hips. Heavy-duty brown boots went all the way up to his knees and long gloves in a burnt orange colour hid his hands. Red eyes stared at him as if they were seeing more than just a billionaire in a tin-can suit.
“Jarvis’s cake? What, did you get him to calculate the perfect percentages or something?” Clint asked with a snort of laughter.
A sudden hand on his shoulder startled him, arms reflexively holding onto Darcy tighter as he spun around, only to see Obie standing there, hand still outstretched.
When Darcy had realised that Tony was no longer going to ‘school’ but a university, she had thrown the biggest tantrum he’d ever seen. There was a lot of crying and yelling, including the tipping over of a small coffee table, a semi-accident. Tony wasn’t entirely sure why, as he’d been going off to boarding schools all his life while Darcy had stayed at home for schooling. This had never seemed to bother her very much, but something about the fact that university wasn’t strictly a
“High radiation readin’s, Captain. No containment core detected either,” Clint suddenly said, fingers flicking a series of switches as readings scrolled across one of the screens.
“But, Pepper,” he complained as she easily caught the back on his shirt and pulled him back into place.
He didn’t allow himself to dwell too deeply on their botched bid for freedom. Of Yinsen’s death and belief in his reuniting with his family; his final words:
“Come on, let’s show the boys their new home,” Darcy grabbed Tony’s arm again - and seriously, he hoped this wasn’t going to become a
“I’ll be back tomorrow morning,” she said, adjusting the scarf slightly as they made their way to where the rest of the crew were waiting at the ramp.
“Uh, sorry,” Tony muttered, pushing himself all the way up so that there was some space between the two and he wasn’t plastered to Steve like a limpet.
. So, if circumstances happened to put them in close proximity of one another, if Steve happened to touch him occasionally by accident or without conscious thought. Well, Tony would take what he could get and be satisfied with that.
Steve didn’t bother to mention that they didn’t exactly have a destination in mind for where to head to next. They didn’t have any current jobs, and were off towards the Rim in the hopes that they’d pick up something to do along the way. It wasn’t exactly a time sensitive plan, but Natasha had never been one to wait around for anyone else when there was no immediate benefit for her.
“Yeah, I’ve no doubt.” Steve said affectionately, moving over to the small caldron full of water and dipping a piece of fabric in it that had been sitting there exactly for that purpose. Returning to Tony, he carefully wiped away the small bit of blood on his cheek and some of the dirt that had found its way to his skin on both his face and arms. Deeming Tony as clean and unharmed as he was going to be at that point in time, Steve carelessly discarded the fabric on the floor and raised his hand up to gently cup Tony’s cheek. The brunet leaned into it, eyes sliding closed easily.
“I came to make sure, well, I wanted to see that you were… dealing, with it all, okay,” the man hesitantly pushed the words out, his whole demeanour uncomfortable.
Looking over at Tony, his dark hair shining in the sunlight and his eyes jumping from one stall to the next with all the excitement of a child on a sugar high, Steve felt the stupid smile spread across his face without his permission.
Steve obliged, pushing his finger against Tony’s hole, having to hold back a groan at how easily it gave way to him, as if the body below him knew who he was and welcomed him back. Tony was always so hot, to tight and soft inside; it was enough to drive Steve insane. Then there were the noises Tony made, involuntary little hitches of breath and mewls of pleasure as Steve pushed his finger in to the knuckle.
Sitting down now, Steve could watch as he rubbed along the side of Tony’s hole before beginning to push one finger inside along with the one already there. With the lube, the process was fairly quick and something sparked in Steve as he felt Tony’s inner walls clamp down on both his finger and Tony’s own. As fast as he could without hurting the other man, Steve pressed another finger into him, then another. When Tony was stretched tight around three of Steve’s fingers and one of his own, hand trembling and small keening sounds coming from his throat on each exhale, Steve paused.
Confused, but willing to chalk it up to Tony’s eccentric personality, Steve took hold of the cart handle Tony had suddenly abandoned and headed back to the ship.
“Here,” Darcy said, passing Steve one of the bowls of popcorn she and Bruce and brought in from the kitchen, Tony immediately perked up upon finding that he had the caramel covered popcorn next to him.
Knowing there was no way of arguing with that tone of voice, he pulled his sister into a side hug and kissed the top of her head.
“Throw this away, would you, Jarvis?” he asked stiffly looking ahead and making a point of not watching as the older man took the metal from him.
Clint stood up straight, the familiar upward tick of his mouth indicating he was about to launch into an argument with Tony about something stupid, again. Steve, however, seemed to notice the same thing, and before the archer could get started he stepped between them, a warm hand coming to rest against Tony’s back and he gently guided him towards the couch.
“I’m Darcy,” the woman who had been standing quietly watching their exchange suddenly broke in, hand held out to a surprised looking Clint.
“We’re watching a movie tonight,” he said, coming to a stop only feet from where Tony was sitting on his stool.
Tony had a moment where he wondered if they were going to dance around one another despite the fact he knew Thor had made it a point to keep her safe during the battle of New York. He supposed that two years of radio silence from your alien prince boyfriend was enough to dampen even the most infatuated persons’ feelings. However, Thor suddenly let out a deep, joyful sounding laugh and swept Jane up into his arms, leaving her feet hanging in the air. When he deposited her back on the ground he wasted no time in leaning down and giving her a kiss right on her - no doubt very surprised - lips.
“You have got to be kidding me,” Tony groaned, eyes trained on the miniature army wandering about the flat area between them and home. “What, was there a monster meeting sign we missed out on? Because I would have complained to the community about the location.”
“Stop stirrin’ her up, you know she won’t be half easy to be around if you put her in a bad mood,” Steve sighed at his pilot.
Steve led Tony into the ship, their hands still innocently clasped between them, Tony for once strangely quiet.
Pushing aside his embarrassment and thoughts of revenge for later, Tony looked out at the underground carpark, a little unimpressed.
Tony was sitting in the lounge room with the insides of a clock radio spilt out over the table before him, Darcy lying on the floor near the fireplace, having fallen asleep with Sparky lying loyally by her side, when Tony was startled out of his train of thought by an unexpected voice.
“Come, Young Master, I have some of your favourite chocolate cake waiting in the kitchen for you,” Jarvis said gently. “Miss Mac, as you were,” he added to the woman still pretending to be looking out the window.
“Dude, what’s up with you?” he asked, mouth half full of cake. “These are awesome, by the way.” he added after a slight pause to Darcy, waving the cupcake before him.
“Let’s go then, we’re wasting our time,” Natasha moved away from him, telling Clint to get up to the bridge and start the preflight routine.
Pushing to his feet, Steve had to work to keep the surprised look off his face when he realised that he recognised the young woman approaching him with his second-in-command.
“You think your name is Dummy?” he asked, suspicion confirmed when the bots claw did a complete 360’ turn in its socket.
“I know,” she said, surprising him. “You pinky promised, and you never break a pinky promise,” her voice was full of all the conviction of how a nine-year-old believed the world worked.
“Good morning.” Pepper greeted them, glancing up with a small smile before her attention went back to the tablet.
“Hey, Darcy,” he grinned, unable to help laughing slightly at the excited exclamation of his name in response.
“I’m so glad you’re home. I… I wouldn’t have known what to do if-if you hadn’t of…” Darcy’s voice was no louder than a whisper as she trailed off. Tony squeezed her hand tightly, her legs trembling slightly under his head.
He didn’t want to believe it, but the way Obie had been acting, how he’d gotten him all but kicked out by the board of directors. The subtle differences between how the man acted now as opposed to how he’d been prior to Tony’s kidnapping. There was something definitely fishy going on with Obie, and Tony was sure whatever it was would be on that computer.
Everything looked real, he could even smell the cleaning detergent and antiseptic scents that all hospital employees carried with them, coming off of Steve. Steve was definitely real and solid before him.
“Good choice, Tony,” Obie said with a squeeze of his shoulder before moving off to mingle with the people around them. Tony watched him go, mind wandering to how he could work on the tracking devices to find the Hulk while also beginning his new project of an AI for the mansion in Malibu.
“I wondered when you’d get back. You weren’t that far behind me. I hope you put everythin’ back the way you found it?” His tone was light, but there was a darkness to his eyes that implied that while he’d let them follow him and dig into his personal business, he didn’t necessarily like it.
Feeling mildly miffed that all the attention in the room had been so easily taken by Coulson after Tony’s amazing feat - he’d managed to power an entire tower with clean energy, that was impressive people - he screwed his nose up.
Natasha happened to be one of the best, with her erratic travel on The Avenger causing her to be difficult to obtain and thus making her all the more sought after. Convincing the woman to travel with his ship had been one of the best things Steve had ever done to secure his crew’s relative safety. She also happened to make an excellent crew member, her ability with a knife or gun was up there with Steve’s own.
“Don’t you dare touch Sir Lucksalot the Third, or I’ll take your precious engine for a service it won’t recover from.”
There was nothing more than the sound of breathing in the room for a moment, Tony tense as if waiting for the axe to drop on his throat.
“Bad things sell better,” Tony offered, shooting Clint a smirk before looking back down at his tablet.
A moment later, the book was passed to Steve and he looked at it with interest. It had been fairly well made, though it was clear that it was quite old now. Bound in broken leather, expensive, it was clearly somebody’s notebook of some kind rather than an actual book – a rarity these days to find the latter. Opening it, Steve could see the fancy handwriting littering the page, whoever had written this had been educated, and well for the degree of flourish involved with the penmanship.
A few more thrusts and Tony suddenly tensed beneath him, arms and legs locking as warm, stickiness bloomed where Steve’s abs had been rubbing against Tony’s cock. Steve didn’t stop his thrusts, keeping them hard and brutal as Tony’s body trembled with orgasm. He did pull back slightly through, just enough that he could see the pure ecstasy written across Tony’s face, his eyes unseeing at the ceiling and his mouth hanging open, sweat running down his face and hair plastered to his forehead. The sight of Tony so blissed out was enough to push Steve over the edge and he shoved up into Tony as hard and as far as he could.
“Try not to pass out anywhere but the ship, Clint. If you’re missin’ in the mornin’ I’m sendin’ Natasha after you,” Steve threatened.
There was something more to this than just sketching his holoscreens, Tony was sure. Except, he had no idea what it could possibly be, so he figured he’d just have to lay in wait until he could either get it out of Steve, or corner Darcy and make her tell him.
“Tony, Tony, Tony. This really isn’t something that you should be too worried about. We’ll find out who has her, see what they want, then get the police on the trail to get her back. This will be all over before you know it,” Obie said, voice completely confident in a positive outcome.
“Exactly,” Tony sent his sister a wink, causing a large grin to cross her face before turning back to Pepper.
“What in the Earth-that-was is goin’ on here?” Steve asked Darcy, ready to intervene if it looked like Thor needed help. Currently, he just stood there and listened to the scientist as she spoke.
After his party of bad decisions based upon more bad decisions – Pepper was never going to let him live that one down – finding out she was actually Agent Natasha Romanov of SHIELD was something of a relief, really. If he hadn’t been so hungover he’d have been tempted to hit on her just for the rush of a near death experience. As it stood, he was close enough to death that he hadn't bothered.
Steve had been incarcerated upon the ship for his treasonous behaviour, while Bucky had led the men to once more land on the planet and lay waste to every living thing they encourntered. It was disgusting, mercenary work that Steve felt ill to even think about years later. He hadn’t been able to stop it and it had left a sense of guilt in his gut that he’d never be expunged from.
Tony didn’t blame him either. It had been months and yet the higher-ups were still regarding Clint Barton, one of SHIELD’s best, as a possible threat because of Loki’s little mind control thing.
It was certainly more than they did for Howard’s birthday, a day usually devoted to very carefully avoiding any mention or reminder of the man.
“Attention unauthorised ship. You will halt all forward motion generators and wait to be boarded. You are under suspicion of illegal trading on a quarantined planet. Don’t do anything
“Hawkeye, I want you to stay outside, detain anyone who makes it out onto the grounds,” Steve ignored the complaints. “Black Widow, I want this floor covered as soon as possible, then start making your way upward. Thor, Iron Man, I want both of you starting from the top of the building and making your way downstairs. Bruce, you’re with me, we’re going to see if we can find the central security station and lock all remaining cells down. Let the rest of the team know if you come across Doctor Traveller.”
“Well this was fun, let’s do it again sometime. I’ve got important things to do down in the workshop so I’ll see you all later,” he was backing away as he spoke, eager to escape.
Steve had, honestly, been surprised at his refusal. Bruce wasn’t a big talker, nor did he constantly desire company, but he got along well enough with the rest of the crew that Steve knew he’d find something of a home with them. But, Bruce was adamant that he wasn’t part of the crew, and every now and then he’d disappear onto a planet while the rest of them went off to do a job or two before happening to swing by and find Bruce ready to move on again. In a way, it was almost like the arrangement Steve had with Natasha, the companion occasionally going off to conduct business and earn some legitimate money, between the various illegal jobs they took.
“Ah,” Obie paused for a moment, seemingly surprised that Tony knew about the kidnapping. “Now, Tony, I’m not sure what you’ve heard about this, but rest assured, we’ll get her back in no time,” Obie assured him, voice sounding just like it did every time the Board of Directors got on Howard’s case about that ridiculous funding that Stark Industries did for exploration in the Arctic Ocean.
Watching as Tony and the barmaid finished their exchange of letter for alcohol, Steve allowed himself the rare luxury of relaxing instead of worrying. He was surprised at the degree of trust he felt towards Tony, considering the short period of time in which they’d been acquainted.
“How far away are they, Clint?” Steve asked, glancing at the window that showed only the debris before them.
“Come on, Darcy. Work hard, Tony,” Pepper gave him her own short hug and received a quick kiss to the cheek before the two women moved towards the elevator with Phil, who had been waiting patiently.
“Tony,” Steve murmured, unable to stop himself from pressing a kiss to the mechanics hair as the arm around his waist tightened briefly.
It was only when they’d parked the ship at the main port in Ariel that Steve came to a decision as the crew stood in the cargo hold, the ramp slowly lowering and granting them the first breath of fresh, nonfiltered air since Tadamori.
“Right, I don’t know about you lot, but I want cake,” he said, rubbing his hands together as a real smile pulled up his lips at the thought of all the sweets that would be waiting for them when they arrived in the kitchen.
“Yeah, I think so,” Steve glanced at Tony again, but the man was still staring out the window at the carnage growing further away.
“What the hell is going on!” Tony yelled angrily, frustration taking over the growing terror in the back of his mind.
The lone other occupant, a woman with red hair and wearing the smart looking robes of a Stark Galactic employee, paused where she had been riffling through a bag and turned to face him.
“I was just…” Steve didn’t seem to know what he was saying anymore as he reached out cautiously and touched the hologram, a delighted expression crossing his face when the floating bits and pieces reacted to the movement and began to spin in the other direction.
Looking at the carving first, it took a bit of squinting before Steve could make out the mostly legible words.
Everything came to a head when he felt the water creep up his neck, touching his mouth, causing him to breathe in sharply and choke on the water entering his lungs. With no other thought besides getting away from the water trying to drown him, Tony choked out the release code for his armour, the titanium gold alloy falling to the ground with loud clangs and leaving him in the jeans and black shirt he’d shoved on before leaving the Tower only an hour ago.
Tony blinked, looking at what he had been designing with tired eyes. He had put off working on the Captain’s floor in Stark Tower out of a combination of not knowing where to start, and petty annoyance that he still held towards the man after their argument on the Helicarrier. He didn’t want to examine the small part of his mind that whispered about still being
He tasted like the sweet cider he’d been drinking, the slight scratch of his beard tickling Steve as he raised a hand and gently curved it around the side of his neck, not holding him in place, but just grounding the both of them.
As though summoned, the door opened again and the waiter entered with a young Asian woman following closely behind. She was rather beautiful, her dark hair swept up upon her head and held in place with an expensive looking clip. Her clothing, while clearly bought to not stand out much, was brand new and the skirts around her legs swished with each step she took.
