It’s everything he’s ever wanted.
“Hey kid,” he started, “dunno if you’ve got your ears on up there, but uh.” He stopped, wincing. What did you even say to your kid-turned-God? He sighed. “Think you should visit more,” he settled on, propping his chin on his hand, his elbow resting on his knee. “We uh. We all miss you,” his throat threatened to close up around the words the way it always did, but he shoved them through anyway. “I’ve been workin’ on a place.” He sighed, glancing skywards, Cas’s reminder that Heaven wasn’t ‘up’ echoing in his head.
Twelve years is a long damn time.
“Dean-“
“I hope you’re ready for forever then, man. You’re it for me, Cas. You’ve always been it for me,” he tells him, and that wonder is still there, right on Cas’s face.
Kaia reached over and took her hand, letting Claire squeeze hers tightly. It made Dean’s heart ache, but he smiled all the same.
“Nope, c’mon.”
a ghoul, and then get Donna in on it.” Dean held his phone between his ear and his shoulder, carefully setting down the pry bar and making a face as he stood up. “I don’t
“You’re not even trying to get him back!” Claire’s eyes welled up, the anger on her face just a mask for the strangled grief she was trying to hide.
“But I know for a fact our kid didn’t leave you there, which means you’ve been ghosting me for the past three months.” He tries to keep how much that hurts out of his voice, but it cracks anyway and he has to stop, clearing his throat. He reaches up to wipe furiously at his eyes, sighing.
“Yeah I knew it was a long shot. Well I guess I’ll just have to make sure you never need to.”
“That won’t be the case for too much longer,” Gabriel replied knowingly, “Cas’s grace can’t heal this far from Dean’s soul.”
I am, but I’m serious. It’s… a token,” Dean insisted, rubbing his neck nervously.
Hannah was quiet and pensive as the minutes ticked slowly by, Dean had almost fallen asleep again when she spoke once more.
He’d only experienced sexual pleasure once in his life, so these sensations were still so new and raw to him. He couldn’t help acknowledging that this was Dean’s hand he was feeling. His hips jerked forward at the air by their own volition, seeking more from those phantom touches. He wondered if it would feel the same, if Dean really touched him like this.
Dean couldn’t help the hysterical laughter that escaped him as an intense relief flooded through him. It was finally over, no more bloodlust, no more fear of turning into a demon again. He was human, he was just Dean.
Cas if he got closer right?
“The taste…” she murmured dully, “I shouldn’t be able to
Sean stepped closer and Dean’s back was suddenly pressed against Baby, one of Sean’s hands tangling in his hair. The other slid down to cradle his hip as he pulled their groins closer. Dean could feel the beginnings of Sean’s erection pressing against his stomach, but his own dick remained unresponsive. He tried his best to submerge himself in their actions, willing himself to react.
. The thought made Castiel’s wings shudder and he almost growled possessively.
“Oh just the Holy Matrimony kind,” Gabriel smirked.
?” Dean stated a little anxiously. He knew he was being a buzz kill but he didn’t want this blowing up in his friends’ faces. Both Charlie and Hannah meant too much to him.
“You’ve got to be friggin' kidding me,” Gabriel complained from his place in the ring of fire. They’d made sure to add a ring of holy oil around the spell just in case Gabriel tried to make a run for it before they had a chance to explain.
For days it was all Castiel could concentrate on, no matter how hard he tried to focus on his mission. It was a persistent throb in his chest, chanting a mantra of
Sam gently placed the book face down beside him, looking Castiel over anxiously.
“What!?” Dean squeaked, his voice strained. Castiel attempted to be more specific in the hopes that Dean would calm down.
“He did? That’s great news!” Sam began eagerly before catching Dean’s glare and adopted a less cheerful tone, “Right, my bad. How’d he take the whole ‘bond’ thing?”
Then, before Castiel even had time to process what happened, Dean had run off leaving him to worry over the events alone. All the while, Dean’s emotions continued to swirl around his head like a physical reminder of their dispute; the emotions so chaotic and disjointed that Castiel couldn’t even
“It shouldn’t be much longer, no more than an hour,” Hannah assured her calmly.
thing. Come
“You all should be ashamed of yourselves,” Cas reprimanded, “you should know better than to play with others’ emotions. Dean, I should make this clear. The bond was merely a union of our souls. It was in no way a romantic ceremony. This does not influence how I feel about you, but I would understand if it does for you. I’m sorry Gabriel made you feel like you were forced to reciprocate my feelings.”
“Don’t take it personally, Sasquatch. I’m sure Dean just needed some distinctly angel advice. I mean, he’d only
“No way, the plan is going perfectly! Dean’s totally love sick over Cas. I give him a day or two before he starts blasting break-up songs and eating ice-cream,” Gabriel said giddily.
have to watch the Harry Potter films. Ooooh and I can’t forget about Star Wars! Oh man there’s just so much I want to show you. You’re like this completely blank slate just waiting for the right nerd to geek you up,” Charlie rambled excitedly. Although Hannah didn’t have the slightest idea what Charlie was babbling on about, she continued to nod in agreement. As she’d quickly realised, each time she approved an idea the human girl became even more excited. Charlie looked especially stunning with that passionate sparkle in her eyes, Hannah noted with satisfaction. Her gaze was drawn to a stray curl that bounced against Charlie’s cheek as she spoke animatedly, the red lock stroking the pale skin in the most delicate of touches. Hannah’s fingers twitched reflexively as she resisted the urge to gently tuck the hair behind Charlie’s ear, itching to touch the soft skin for herself.
But Dean knew his spite towards the other angel wasn’t nearly so rational. It was quite petty of him, he knew, but Dean couldn’t help thinking Hannah was being greedy. He’d only just gotten Cas back, whereas Hannah had seen him every day for
Castiel removed his hand from the mark, releasing them from the raw bond as they caught their breath. They held each other contently, Castiel’s wings wrapped around them securely like a blanket, as their breathing slowed from desperate pants to deep even breaths. The two men were both covered in sweat and semen, but neither of them seemed to care in that moment as they snuggled closer. Everything was quiet for a long time and Castiel almost found himself surrendering to the tempting pull of sleep, despite his grace being the most energised he’d ever felt it. Before he could muse over the peculiar urge further, Dean broke the silence.
“Would we be able to reschedule? I still feel pretty weak,” he lied.
“Yeah?” Dean murmured drowsily.
but of
Dean looked embarrassed and flustered and Hannah found herself smirking.
Sam rolled his eyes, “I meant he was worried about
Dean smirked, sensing he’d hit a nerve, but before he could push further Charlie and Hannah entered the room.
“I’m not your partner in anything,” Sam insisted, glancing worriedly at the kitchen door. Hannah’s chanting continued to echo down the hall.
“Don’t worry, I’ll fill you in on all the juicy details later,” Gabriel promised with a wink, “the major point of all this is that Dean has finally pulled his head out of his ass.”
“Hey Cas, you feeling better? Sorry if I woke you. I, uh, needed to be close to help your grace heal or whatever,” Dean mumbled rubbing the back of his neck, “I’ll just, um, leave now.”
I’ve been courting him but he did accept my feather so...”
“Don’t you worry, those two sleeping beauties will be just fine in a few hours,” Gabriel informed him casually.
“Relax, princess. I thought you’d be glad to see me after all that calling before,” Gabriel jeered, “no offense, but I’m not really into the desperate ones.”
He deserved whatever spite or resentment Sam gave him. He deserved Cas’s hatred, in fact he
He’d deliberately kept Gabriel out of the disclosure, fearing his involvement might convince the reserved angel not to join them.
Hannah had startlingly blue eyes, almost as vibrant as Castiel’s, her dark brown hair was also similar. If Charlie didn’t know better, she’d actually believe they were
accurate after all.
“There’s no taking sides, Dean. I just want to make sure no one gets hurt,” Sam assured him.
“Are you sure you want me to take over your position? I don’t think I’m qualified,” Hannah argued.
“Alright, then talk to me. What’s up? I know something’s wrong, I’m pretty good at reading people and honestly you’re not that great at hiding your emotions,” Charlie accused with a reassuring smile.
“Why shouldn’t I be happy? The mark is gone, Cas’s grace is back and no one is starting any apocalypses. I’d say that earns a little happiness, Sam,” Dean insisted.
,” Dean claimed and abruptly Castiel sensed anger forming amongst the other emotions.
his death? It was his
No, all his anger was reserved for himself.
“My apologies Hannah, what were you saying?” Castiel asked sheepishly.
Sam raised an eyebrow, “You’ve read Game of Thrones?”
“Don’t forget her
Wings were actually pretty helpful in seeing past the stoic angel front, Dean realised. If only he’d been able to see Cas’s wings when he’d first met him, it sure would have made things a lot easier back then. It didn’t really make much difference now though, since he already knew how to read Cas pretty easily.
Frustration and guilt ate at Dean, causing him to become restless and tense. The feelings reminded him of how he’d felt with the mark, which just soured his mood even further. He needed something to put the edge off.
“What happened to him?” Dean demanded, following Hannah down the steps anxiously.
around here?” Dean grumbled, surfacing from his room to begrudgingly make his way up the entrance stairs.
Sean didn’t look upset, he just shrugged, “Go home and make up with your boyfriend. Screwing around isn’t going to solve anything.”
“I think I need a little more time to think about it,” she admitted carefully.
? I’ve been on my best behaviour ever since those meatheads summoned me here. But
Turning away from the empty doorway, Castiel forced himself to meet Dean’s gaze preparing himself for the worst. But as cautious blue eyes found green, Castiel was met by trepidation not anger.
Dean couldn’t hide the guilt he was feeling, both at leading Sean on and betraying Cas. Even though he hadn’t talked about their situation yet, Cas had still confessed his feelings and they
He turned to Sam adding, “Goodnight Sam, I trust you will watch over Hannah,” before disappearing from the room with Dean in tow.
“Perhaps I’ve been with Castiel too long,” Hannah acknowledged fondly.
When Dean chanced a glance up, Cas had dropped his gaze as well and was now looking at one of his wings. He had a small smile on his face as he straightened a few feathers, as if he was truly appreciating them for the first time. Dean couldn’t help a tinge of pride that swelled up in him at the thought. Cas deserved to feel good about his wings, they really were remarkable.
Hannah’s face didn’t reveal anything as she replied calmly, “Very well. I will see you tomorrow, Dean.”
Hannah watched in alarm as Dean suddenly froze, eyes going wide and his mouth dropping in shock.
He vaguely heard Dean’s voice shout his name before Charlie spoke.
close. It would have been so easy to just glide a hand over the alluring feathers. But Dean knew he couldn’t, he had no idea what that could mean. What if touching Cas’s wings was violating Cas? He wasn’t going to risk becoming a rapist just because he couldn’t keep his hands to himself.
With a newfound sense of purpose, he headed back to the War Room where he’d last seen Sam.
Sam interrupted her, “I think that’s a great idea, Hannah. I can help Cas while you’re gone, right Cas?”
he was thinking of Cas in this very shower enjoying the same water pressure. A very
“Tell me what’s next Cas. Tell me what you need,” Dean demanded headily. Cas tried to push past the lust filled daze filling his mind in order to advise Dean further.
Hannah was better for Cas than him, didn’t exactly mean he wanted a daily reminder.
Hannah watched in fascination as Charlie expertly prepared their breakfast. It was surprising how much effort the humans went to just for nourishment. Hannah would have found the entire process tedious if it hadn’t been for Charlie’s enthusiasm. She mixed the eggs and bacon around the pan as if it was an art form. Even Hannah had to admit she was impressed.
Hannah tried to ignore the embarrassment that flared within her at the knowledge that she’d fallen asleep on the other girl. It was odd to be feeling emotions so clearly even without the alcohol in her system. Hannah began to wonder if it was still her fallen status to blame. She couldn’t possibly be developing human emotions like Castiel had, could she? He’d been on Earth far longer than she had before that change had occurred.
“What is
He grabbed Castiel’s tie roughly, pulling the angel into another deep kiss. Castiel was so caught up in their movements he barely noticed Dean manoeuvring them around, dragging the angel gently by his tie, until he felt skilled hands easily freeing the piece of fabric from his throat. He heard Dean haphazardly throw the tie across the room, before the hunter attacked the rest of his clothes. Castiel followed his lead, fiddling with his belt blindly. They undressed each other clumsily, so unwilling to separate from their kiss that they unintentionally hindered their own progress. After a few unsuccessful attempts, however, their impatience soon won out and they separated to shed their remaining clothing themselves. They let their underwear remain, choosing to prolong the suspense of finally seeing each other fully exposed.
“Well they obviously didn’t gain much. There’s hardly anything in these actually
“I just arrived, but I could leave if you wish to be alone?” Castiel offered, already turning to leave. He didn’t want to witness any more, watching Dean court Hannah was even more painful than he’d imagined.
“Okay, so Hannah brought you here when it looked like your grace was gonna burn out for good. So Sam and I hit the books, you know? See if the Men of Letters had anything that could help. When that turned out to be a bust, I didn’t know what to do. But then Sam suggested we summon Gabriel-” Dean cautiously began his explanation.
to think about a certain ungrateful Winchester, when said Winchester decided to pray for him.
. I mean, you think about the other person like all the time, even when they’re not around,
“Our wings are on another plane of existence, Dean, they pass through all physical objects undeterred. Humans rarely notice their presence,” Castiel explained patiently as he drove.
“Need you, Cas. Your mouth, please,” Dean whined and this time he could barely believe it was
In reality Dean finally gripped his hand around his already throbbing cock, beginning to stroke himself in time with his dream counterpart’s thrusts as he started rutting against the angel. Dean was achingly hard in his hand as he teased his thumb along the slit, bringing precome down the shaft as makeshift lubricant. When this still wasn’t enough he blindly reached for the soap, pouring the liquid over his erection generously. The difference it made was astounding and Dean couldn’t help the low moan that escaped his lips at the feeling.
It was an extremely delicate situation, he needed to constantly monitor his grace’s progress. If he drained too much Dean’s life force could be crushed like a bug in his hand. But if he didn’t take enough he wouldn’t be able to heal Dean and this would have been for nothing. He found himself unconsciously whispering reassurances in Dean’s ear. He was sure Dean couldn’t hear him anymore anyway, so he poured his heart out because in the end this could very well be his last moments with Dean.
“You don’t seem to like Hannah very much, why is that?” he inquired.
Castiel wasn’t expecting the wave of pleasure that hit him out of nowhere, causing his knees to go weak and he quickly grabbed the wall to keep upright. A noise was ripped out of his throat as if beyond his control and he covered his mouth, desperate to avoid the younger Winchester’s attention merely a room away.
Cas continued to stare at him scrutinisingly and Dean began to fear just how much Cas could see. Was Cas looking at his soul right now? What did he see? Dean shuddered as thoughts of the thick black goo ran through his mind. He definitely didn’t want Cas looking at his soul. It was bad enough that his grace was tainted by it.
way to greet someone? Especially when I went out of my way to come all the way here, just because you asked,” Gabriel chastised with an exaggerated pout. But Sam was clearly not in the mood for his banter as he stood forcefully, his chair scraping loudly behind him, before roughly grabbing the trickster by the collar.
nicely!” he sing-songed, bouncing around excitedly.
Hannah found herself smiling at him fondly, “Thank you, Dean. I find you very “cool” also.”
he’d felt Dean’s presence, begging him to wake up and conveying worried emotions through the bond, while he slept. Clearly it must have been his imagination, his mind providing him the comfort he craved. Of course Dean wasn’t here, Castiel thought grimly, he was likely still avoiding him after what had happened between them the other night.
Sean’s grin widened, “That sounds like a wonderful idea, I do
“Okay,” Castiel found himself saying and Dean’s face lit up at the admission.
Sam tried not to let the slight mention of Gabriel bother him. He still hadn’t seen the archangel since they’d last fought.  He wasn’t answering any of Sam’s prayers and Cas said he couldn’t convince him to come back to the bunker. Sam refused to admit just how badly he missed him.
“It appears my table manners could be improved,” he noted self-consciously.
Drawing in a deep breath to calm himself, Dean slowly entered the room only to find it empty. Cas was gone. Dean deliberately ignored the part of him that was disappointed. This is a good thing, he told himself firmly, now you can just go to sleep in peace. But no matter how hard he tried, he couldn’t ignore the familiar hurt that came whenever Cas disappeared. This time without even a goodbye. Maybe he wasn’t as fine with the bond as he’d seemed? For some reason, that thought hurt even more than the feeling of abandonment.
“I dunno, Cas. Maybe you should sit this one out, you look awful,” Sam suggested warily.
********
Charlie groaned in exasperation.
Charlie’s soul was so bright, it was distracting. Hannah had never encountered a soul so beautiful. She had noticed the soul from the moment Charlie had entered the bar, the human in its possession almost as lovely as her soul with bright red hair standing vibrant against creamy pale skin. Hannah was mesmerised. She couldn’t recall ever reacting to a human soul this way before, it was slightly alarming.
Charlie gave him a thankful look before replying, “Just that you and the archangel have been playing cupid for Dean and Cas. But, no offense, you guys totally suck at it because they’re both miserable,” Charlie pointed out critically.
Castiel tried to ignore his fears and remain professional. This was just a lesson, he told himself firmly. He sat on the end of the bed, in front of Dean, spreading out his wings self-consciously.
Hannah gaped at them, eyes wide in shock and staring at them in disbelief, before inquiring, “Gabriel the Archangel? He’s alive?”
“Hey Cas, does this mean you’re gonna move into the bunker permanently now that you and Dean are getting hitched?” Sam asked curiously.
Thanks for being patient guys! I only have two assignments left before term finishes but I decided to write a chapter instead because I needed a break from Uni work xD
“You mean you’ve just been letting Cas feel miserable? For what, your own sick amusement? Jesus Sam, I expect this kind of thing from The Trickster but
“So the nest can be a bed?” Dean asked hopefully and then sighed in relief at Hannah’s nod.
“Hold on, Cas. This doesn’t change anything, okay? I still love you. I’ve loved you way before this bond stuff even happened. It just made me realise what I was too stubborn to admit. Gabriel didn’t
Gabriel was silent for a while, as if mulling over what he said. Sam would lie if he said he wasn’t curious but he knew bringing up the matter again was probably a bad idea. It was almost another hour before Gabriel spoke again.
But there’s no way he could imagine his life
“Ah yes, that makes much more sense,” she mused, “Dean, as an outsider who doesn’t know you very well I cannot give much of an opinion to your worth-”
Dean looked at him incredulously, “You really believe things won’t be different now? That me and Cas can just continue on like nothing’s changed?”
“Are you sure the side effects of the foreign grace have completely healed? You can barely focus lately, you look exhausted and your wings have been deteriorating ever since we left the Winchesters,” Hannah noted, gesturing to what remained of his wings.
Hannah hesitantly mimicked her, the greasy strip surprisingly pleasant against her fingers.
Dean pulled out his phone hurriedly and pressed 2 on speed dial. His phone rang four times, each ring making Dean more on edge, until finally someone answered.
“Of course, I do!” Dean snapped but Hannah didn’t seem disturbed by his outburst.
“What’s wrong? Did something happen? Are they okay?” she asked worriedly.
Hannah looked at him disapprovingly, “You can’t
“Yes angels may be powerful and we have many abilities that humans may never even begin to comprehend. But we are also flawed. We have no wills of our own. What’s the point of having power if it’s not truly yours to command?” Hannah stated, startling herself with her own admission.
Before Dean could make some smart ass retort, a voice spoke up from the doorway.
Hannah reluctantly accepted and allowed Dean to order for her. When their drinks arrived Dean took a long drink of his beer trying not to appear as nervous as he felt for their upcoming conversation. Hannah eyed her martini curiously before downing it in one smooth gulp, olive and all. She instantly scrunched up her face in disgust.
Anyways I hope you enjoy this chapter :D
“All the more reason we should go!” Charlie insisted, “it’ll be good for you to get some fresh air. You can’t keep yourself couped up in this bunker forever.”
Before he could talk himself out of it, he left his seat to join the man in a booth in the far corner.
to be the supportive best friend Dean expected of him.
a liquor store once,” Dean scoffed but complied.
“Wow it’s beautiful, thank you Gabe. And yeah, definitely that sounds amazing,” Sam told him earnestly.
The idea struck him out of nowhere. It was crazy and incredibly dangerous, but since when had any of his plans not been? At this point Dean didn’t even care, he just
Which was why Castiel ambushed the older Winchester in his room later that night. Admittedly, it wasn’t much of an ambush, more just Castiel sitting on Dean’s bed reading
“Dean, stop!” Castiel shouted firmly, pushing the hunter from him until they were no longer touching. Dean looked at him startled, blinking up at Castiel in shock and distress. Then Dean suddenly looked horrified with himself.
, Cas’s first words echoed in his mind. Dean couldn’t help the fond smile that tugged at his lips at the memory.
“Hey your company isn’t so bad, we might even have some fun tonight if you loosen up a little,” Dean challenged, handing her a menu, “starting with a few drinks, on me. Consider it a thank you for helping me.”
Dean was visibly reassured by his words, flashing him a warm smile, “You really need to stop apologising Cas, especially when you didn’t do anything wrong. I’m just glad everything’s okay between us.”
Dean flashed a relieved grin and continued his goodbyes. Finally, before he left the room Dean locked eyes with Hannah meaningfully, “We’ll, uh, talk more tomorrow okay, Hannah? I still have some
had been too much to bear. It was downright cruel. How was he supposed to be happy for them if he was forced to see them together all the time?
“I’m also interested in seeing where this came from. Cas says you have three sets of wings and if all the feathers are as big as this one then they must be
“I will not get in the way of their happiness,” Castiel refused firmly.
“Seriously, you need to start giving me some kind of signal before you pop out of nowhere, otherwise I’m gonna have a heart attack in my thirties,” Sam complained, but the archangel didn’t look the slightest bit concerned. He simply swung his legs back and forth eagerly like an excited child.
Castiel could tell Sam was obviously withholding something but he didn’t have time to care. Dean was in danger and he needed to find him.
. But that was irrelevant. Dean couldn’t give himself over to this marriage with Cas. He’d spent years ensuring that he kept his bisexuality a secret. Not even his brother knew. Dean had never dared form a real relationship with another man, limiting himself only to occasional one night stands with men he’d met at bars.
“You should stay with him, Dean,” Sam suggested, “the closer you are the faster he should heal.”
Dean froze, his anger melting away as anxiety took its place. Despite his growing panic, Castiel noticed that Dean maintained a nonchalant exterior.
“But these seat are more comfortable than the floor,” Hannah complained.
Dean’s entire world view had been turned upside down in one damn conversation. Everything he knew about himself might be a lie. How could his soul be as bright as Cas said? After everything he’d done? It just didn’t seem possible. It
mean that he was considering accepting the angel’s feelings. Because, at least to Dean, that’s what Cas had just announced. That he had
“Guess again, Crowley, the mark’s gone. I just killed your man because business was slow, nothing personal honest,” Dean chuckled darkly.
Perhaps it wouldn’t be so bad spending the day with Charlie, it might even lift his spirits a little.
lay a hand on it… Fuelled by possessive fury, Castiel just barely remembered to grab Sam’s arm before flying swiftly to the location shown on Sam’s phone. The effort it took to carry the large man took an unexpected toll on his already weakened grace, but Castiel shook off the exhaustion. He didn’t have time to worry about himself.
Sam cleared his throat, deciding he should direct the conversation elsewhere to avoid Hannah anymore embarrassment. He turned to Charlie before asking, “So how much do you know exactly?”
I originally went into this thinking I'd write crack in celebration of the hilarious “super hell memes” but it ended up coming out all serious, oops ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Dean tightly wrapped his arms around Castiel and buried his face in the angel’s neck. Castiel could feel the dampness of tears finally being spilled. He wrapped his wings around his husband and stroked his hair comfortingly.
“Why am I here, Dean?” Castiel asked cautiously, “You told me to leave.”
“Wrong again, Sammy,” Gabe smirked, pushing a plate of pancakes in front of the hunter like a peace offering. Sam just glared at the plate of, admittedly delicious looking, pancakes before turning his glare at Gabe.
Dean tried to school his expression, “What makes you think I’m happy?”
“How much longer am I supposed to keep this up?” Charlie complained into her phone from the pseudo-privacy of a public bathroom stall, “We’ve been here for almost six hours now, I’m not even sure how much more of the park there is to see. Plus turns out he knows more about Harry Potter than even
Embarrassment flared through the bond and Dean avoided meeting his eyes. Before Dean could stand, Cas found himself reaching for the hunter, clutching at his sleeve.
Enochian Translation: O lord may you unite this angel and this human so that he may protect him
“There’s only one way to find out.”
He decided upon a small Irish pub called MacLaren’s, which was not too crowded with large booths lining the walls and a bar serving food and drinks on the left. Dean eagerly claimed the booth closest to the bar, throwing a quick glance behind him to make sure Hannah was following. She eyed the place apprehensively as she took the seat opposite him.
“So…what are you going to do?” Sam pressed eventually.
********
It didn’t help that it had happened just after Dean’s reaction to touching his wing. Dean had frozen at the contact, he’d practically
“Don’t be silly, you guys are
Hannah became extremely flustered as she searched for the proper words to describe them without sounding arrogant.
trying to save him, your own
, after all. But it might be the only way to save Cas, so he ignored his suspicions and focussed instead on Gabriel’s chants.
“First, you will be expected to groom your mate’s wings as a sign of intimacy and trust,” Cas continued warily, looking like an uncomfortable parent giving their child ‘the talk.’
That only confused Castiel even more and he stared at her like she was speaking another language. But, of course, he was fluent in every language in the world so he knew that couldn’t be it.
“How will you drive us home in such a state? I cannot currently fly,” Hannah pointed out.
“Lighten up, Sammy. He’s
Castiel couldn’t help a smile at the human’s enthusiasm. She was so cheerful, it was actually refreshing. Not that the Winchesters didn’t have their moments, but true unadulterated glee was rare in their line of work. And the angels, of course, were not big supporters of emotions to say the least.
A nest? Cas wasn’t serious, was he? This had to be a joke, right? But Cas wasn’t laughing, in fact, Cas was bright red and avoiding Dean’s eyes. It became obvious why, as he spoke his next sentence, “Though, the nest isn’t permanent and may be dissembled after the couple is… intimate.”
“No but I have something better,” Sam explained as he opened one of the many apps on his phone, “when Dean still had the Mark of Cain I was constantly worried he’d go MIA one day. So I installed a tracker in the Impala.”
Dean looked absolutely exhausted after his confession. But it wasn’t purely from emotional strain, he was physically drained. Sam was reminded then that Dean hadn’t slept a wink in over 48 hours.
you’d love a little gossip. We have more in common than you think, Sammy,” Gabriel smirked.
“Dean… maybe you should prepare yourself for the possibility-” Sam began warily but Dean cut him off.
“So what would happen if someone accepted a feather without knowing what it meant,” Sam asked, trying to sound casual despite the fact that he was internally freaking out.
“What I’m
“Castiel!” Hannah’s voice cut through his foggy mind like a knife. He looked up from his desk guiltily, knowing she’d no doubt chastise him for being caught daydreaming once again.
the mark and we both know it’s still in there.”
“Oh my god, I fricking
“Fine. I’m sorry, okay? I’m sorry for everything. All of it was my fault and I was too arrogant to admit it. Satisfied?” Gabriel snapped, folding his arms and doing his best to look unaffected. “If you’ve come to give the feather back then just do it already. Don’t drag this out any longer than it needs to.”
“Ever heard of walking?” Sam grumbled.
Dean wasn’t making any sense, his frantic behaviour was completely irrational.
Dean tried his best to reign the emotion in but it was all in vain when Castiel suddenly moved even closer to Hannah and trailed his wing through hers suggestively. Dean suppressed a growl, trying to remain calm on the outside at least. Maybe he could convince Cas it was a faulty signal or that the bond was messing up. He hoped Cas would believe that lame excuse, at least.
“You’re awake,” she stated calmly, her voice not betraying her distress at all.
Dean’s immediate response was to protest. What if Cas would sense the change in his feelings through the bond? Would he wake up and instantly know Dean was in love with him? How was he supposed to deny his feelings if the angel automatically knew he was lying?
“We’re here to make sure Hannah follows through, duh,” Gabriel declared.
Speaking of, Charlie didn’t even appear concerned by his sudden appearance. She was too busy staring at Gabriel starstruck.
Dean looked pained and before Castiel could say any more he was suddenly rushing out of the room.
“Oh Dean-o. Don’t you worry your pretty little head, I’ve just solved
Charlie grinned at the compliment, “Thanks, I’ve been cooking for myself for almost my whole life. Ordering take-out all the time got old really quickly, so I pretty much taught myself how to cook.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Who the hell-?” Dean began just as Cas announced, “That should be Hannah.”
pissed.
“As touching as this reunion is, I have a strict no chick flick moments policy in the bunker,” Dean informed them deliberately avoiding Cas’s gaze as he added, “so, uh, break it up you two.”
, he would have the opportunity to kiss Dean whenever he liked for the rest of their lives. His wings shuddered again involuntarily and the action drew Dean’s attention. He pulled back from their kiss to stare eagerly at the wings bared compliantly against the bed.
!” Dean snapped gruffly.
Sam instantly became flustered at the unusual question, “N-no, of course not.”
“Hmmm that
Sam gave him his ‘I’ve lived with you my whole life, don’t think you can fool me’ bitch face before simply stating, “You’re humming ‘Hey Jude’.”
“Humans helping angels… ” she repeated thoughtfully. Something in the concept must have struck a chord because, after a few moments of contemplation, she jumped to her feet determinedly. The sudden movement startled Dean into further alertness, chasing away any lingering drowsiness from his system.
Castiel gave Dean a tender smile as he nodded, “It would be an honour, Dean.”
Regret and guilt surfaced within the bond and Dean’s face hardened.
“I dunno, you seem to be doing a pretty good job,” Charlie smirked. Hannah smiled gently at the praise, lowering her eyes bashfully. You know what, screw Dean, he couldn’t have
“See that’s another reason I want us to bond. You keep assuming you know how I feel when you
“I have a theory that I wanna run by you that could change our game plan,” he admitted.
to save you. You are all he talks about when we are not talking about work and he drops everything we’re doing, no matter the importance, the moment you call for his aid. I have grown very close to Castiel these past few months and I can say with certainty that, though I myself cannot determine whether you are worthy, I believe Castiel finds you worthy and
Boredom was, unfortunately, one of the various human traits Castiel had retained from his short brush with humanity. Before, Castiel would often stay in one spot for hours at a time as he patiently awaited his next mission. Now, however, the angel found himself agitated and restless when faced with long periods of monotony.
“So this is where you’ve been all day, huh? Sam and I were starting to think you’d gotten lost. This place is big enough for it,” Dean pointed out with a chuckle. He stood awkwardly by the bed, waiting for Cas to move. Cas didn’t, instead simply placing his book down beside him.
********
“Don’t ever change.”
had his doubts about the reliability of the archangel’s words, but he knew he could have handled it better. He’d just been so wound up after almost losing both Dean and Cas in the same night. His overwhelming guilt hadn’t helped either, since he knew Dean wouldn’t have been kidnapped in the first place if it hadn’t been for their stupid prank. This whole mess had just gone way too far.
“Maybe two hours,” Hannah amended dryly. Charlie rolled her eyes fondly.
“Sam there’s angel warding, I cannot enter as long as they remain unbroken. I need you to break the warding for me,” Castiel rasped, dragging himself to his feet.
Gabriel almost ignored the request altogether, still upset from their previous disagreement, but the serious tone made him reconsider. Besides, this would be a good opportunity for the human to apologise, as he’d
Understanding came over Castiel, “I see, so
He tensed at the first contact of Dean’s hands, trying to look anywhere but at Dean. Why couldn’t he be lying face down again? At least then his face had been covered. Dean’s touches were excruciatingly gentle, for which Castiel was both grateful and frustrated. Castiel chanced a glance at Dean’s face, finding those gorgeous green eyes watching his face intently. There was anxiety in his gaze, as if worried he was hurting the angel. However, Dean’s expression seemed to change as he caught something in Castiel’s gaze.
He gave a frustrated sigh and Sean pulled back instantly.
is driving,” Dean said firmly, tossing Castiel the keys, “and I call shotgun.”
“Dean,” Castiel interrupted, “you’re extremely intoxicated. I believe you’ve had enough.”
“Castiel’s wings were healed by the bond with Dean Winchester. Even our healing abilities cannot restore our wings. It takes incredibly powerful healing magic to restore an angel’s wings. They are the representation of our grace. It is why I am so weak, why I can taste food and be influenced by alcohol,” Hannah explained.
“You’re drunk, Dean,” Castiel stated as much.
,” Dean begged, looking determined. Castiel had never felt so conflicted. Dean was offering something he could have only ever dreamed of. But it wouldn’t mean the same thing to both of them. This would be just a favour between friends to Dean, not the loving act Castiel truly wanted. And wouldn’t it be taking advantage of Dean if he agreed? Surely Dean would never suggest this sober.
“Ugh great, more love birds,” Gabriel grumbled. Hannah startled, she had almost forgotten he was there. He watched them with a scowl but Hannah sensed it wasn’t because he condemned their relationship, as many other angels would. Instead he almost seemed jealous of them.
Dean-” Gabriel reasoned.
“It’s too bad, really. They might actually be happy if they just stopped fooling themselves,” Gabriel confessed, looking disappointed. Sam wasn’t completely convinced. It just seemed too farfetched that an angel could be harbouring feelings for his brother. But even so, he had to admit they’d be good for each other. He knew how much Dean cared for the angel, it wouldn’t be that much of a stretch for it to turn romantic. In fact, Dean could use something good in his life for once.
Charlie’s grip on her hands tightened and the girl practically vibrated with nerves. Hannah gently squeezed back in what she hoped was a comforting gesture, before reluctantly letting her hands go and turning towards the archangel.
They both stared at the phone impatiently as the loading circle rotated in the middle of the screen. The small circle twirled on for what felt like an eternity, but Castiel knew logically that it could only have been a few minutes.
“See, I
endless. Sam didn’t mind Gabe sticking around, he even found the archangel’s presence soothing.
Castiel didn’t want to explain why the words hurt him so much. Instead he forced himself to repeat them, “I assure you it’s the truth. Dean is on a date with another angel actually, my good friend Hannah.”
“I’m well aware,” Hannah assured her, “Samuel, Gabriel and I have been attempting to court the two for several days.”
“Hey Cas, how are you feeling? You really saved my ass in that warehouse, seriously without you I’d be a goner,” Dean thanked him. Castiel pushed past his surprise to find a suitable reply.
“Why the hell not!?” Dean snapped.
right now Dean was exactly what he needed. Well, Dean’s soul was anyway.
Gabriel looked a mixture of frustrated and defeated before sighing heavily.
“Don’t make me lose you too.”
Sam was well and truly
“I’m done with this little game. It’s not fun anymore. Go ahead and tell your brother the truth if you want, I don’t care anymore,” Gabriel announced coldly. Sam’s grip released at his words and he took satisfaction in the fact that his harsh words seemed to affect the hunter, before he took a deliberate step away.
********
“Oh that’s just a hangover, sweetie. Come on, I’ll go cook us up something greasy,” Charlie promised, pulling the angel with her off the couch.
“Charlie! What are you doing here?” Sam feigned surprise.
Which he would definitely need considering angel courtship traditions. Despite the fact that angels don’t procreate, courting has been a timeless and honoured tradition. An angel will only choose one mate in their lifetime, which means it can usually take millenniums before an angel chooses a mate.
Castiel forced himself to concentrate outside of the physical sensations plaguing his vessel. Now that the connection between them was open, the pull from Dean’s soul was even worse than it had been before. It was crying out to him, as if trying to physical drag his grace to its location. He focussed on the feeling, hoping he could follow the trail created by the bond’s grip on his grace.
Gabriel nodded sympathetically, “They say love is blind but this is ridiculous. Makes for a pretty good show though!”
“Wait, have you been watching us this whole time?” Sam accused.
knew!” Dean snapped, looking at each of them in disbelief.
********
Dean forced himself not to look back as Cas watched helplessly while he stormed out of the bunker.
“Hannah, can I get your advice on something?” Dean asked, trying not to sound as unhinged as he felt.
“Or not, you don’t have to eat again if you don’t want to,” she hastily added.
********
********
Dean was taken aback by Cas’s anger. Sure he’d expected him to be upset, but this seemed a little extreme.
you actually
Darkness was beginning to fall and Castiel knew he should return soon. He was already beginning to feel weak from the distance forced between his grace and Dean’s soul. If he wasn’t careful he’d start to loose feathers and his flight home may be compromised.
Sam gaped at him, “What? But he hasn’t even told
Besides, Sam would only tell Dean what he thought he needed to hear. Dean needed someone who wasn’t going to bullshit him and fill him with false hope…and Dean realised he knew
“Okay, okay. Fine I’ll hurry up and get to the point. Last night your brilliant big bro decided being drunk off his head would be the
Castiel spoke through gritted teeth, “It’s Dean, they’re torturing him.”
The bunker was quiet when he made his way in and he felt Cas’s absence like a physical presence. It left him both relieved and disappointed. He moved slowly, each step dragged down by exhaustion and melancholy. He didn’t even hear Sam enter the room, didn’t notice his arrival until the light turned on.
the sexual tension was practically steaming off the page and he used the word “dreamy” in your character entrance for God’s sakes!” Charlie cried excitedly, appearing to almost be talking to herself.
“But-” Hannah objected but was once again silenced.
“This is pretty pointless since we can’t even hear them,” Sam complained.
At least Cas hadn’t mentioned the jealousy, Dean tried to console himself. Maybe the bond wasn’t
“So Hannah, I was thinking about heading to a bar or two tonight. Want to come with?” Dean offered.
Hannah noticed Castiel tense slightly in the driver’s seat and she wondered briefly why Dean’s enthusiasm for wings seemed to bother him. Shouldn’t he be pleased?
me into being courted would work out? I mean, what was the end goal there? How was that supposed to pan out in your favour?” Sam ranted.
Castiel didn’t wish to explain that, actually, Metatron had inserted the knowledge into his head. So instead he simply shrugged, which seemed to be enough of a reply for Sam anyway.
“Oh,” Castiel replied. Dean gaped at him.
“Hey don’t laugh, this is serious,” Dean whined. Hannah attempted to reign in her vessel’s reaction, it was becoming a lot harder to keep her face neutral.
“Geez Hannah, your social skills are even worse when you’re drunk. What happened to fun Hannah? Don’t tell me you’re sobering up already!” Dean whined, “I’ll get us another round.”
Dean had clearly developed romantic feelings towards Hannah.
Dean couldn’t even begin to describe just how screwed up this entire situation was. He never even
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabe looked at him innocently, “What? Doesn’t the moose eat pancakes? They’re not poison, I swear. Scouts honour.” He even added a mocking scout salute.
Castiel was alarmed by the sudden anger flaring through him, but it brought forth an important question.
*******
Cas hesitated slightly before he admitted, “Mates usually spend the day after they commit to each other wrapped in each other’s wings. It’s just meaningless tradition, I’m sorry.”
“No way, not while you’re still…out of commission,” Sam said, gesturing to Dean’s right arm where the Mark of Cain was currently hidden under his sleeve.
“How did you-” Castiel couldn’t even finish his sentence as another moan escaped his throat at Dean’s incessant teasing.
But nothing Castiel could do would close the link, somehow the bond had been intensified leaving him powerless to stop the seemingly endless onslaught of pleasure. His breathing had grown ragged, his heart pounding in his head. Castiel noticed his body had responded to the stimuli, pants becoming uncomfortably tight.
is that a good thing? Oh god poor Cas, he probably thinks they’re on a
leave his soul unscathed? Did torturing all those souls in Hell
Cas to know.
Hannah shook her head, “It’s not that. It’s my wings, they were damaged in the fall. We angels cannot fly anymore.”
“Try to remember that when this is all over,” Hannah murmured under her breath. Before Dean could question the odd statement, Hannah spoke again louder.
Dean finally forced himself to speak, “Cas, look, I’m not worth it. Not after everything I’ve done. My soul is broken; corrupted, twisted and scarred. I’m not even good enough for another human, let alone an angel,” Dean let all his self-loathing coat every word, hoping Cas would finally understand. Maybe it wasn’t too late, maybe Cas could break the rules. He’d done it before.
Dean took a deep breath.
There was a tension growing between them that she didn’t necessarily disapprove of. Hannah knew the fall wasn’t the most
“Fine, but before I tell you I need you to promise me something,” Dean replied tensely.
“Please,” he huffed piteously, “please, Dean. I- I need-”
Sam cleared his throat uncomfortably, eyeing the interaction between Dean and Cas awkwardly.
“How would you know, you’ve been stuck with me all night,” Sam accused him skeptically.
would be interesting. He’d probably have more luck with her at a “den of iniquity” than he did with Cas.
“Well,” Gabriel chimed proudly, “I saw Dean go all Dr Phil with Hannah last night, he even admitted to being in
They had spoken little since leaving the bunker and the silence was more than a bit uncomfortable. Dean had attempted to break it a few times with idle chit chat but Hannah didn’t seem to grasp the concept and her replies were always short and to the point. He supposed he might as well lead by example and get straight to the point himself then.
Sam idly spun the quill between his forefingers, marvelling at how it shimmered in the shifting light. It was shockingly beautiful, he wondered if he should even risk damaging it by actually using it for its intended purpose. It just seemed so delicate, yet he had to admit it felt surprisingly sturdy in his hands. It was simultaneously the softest and toughest feather he’d ever touched.
“No,” Cas said before he could stop himself, “you can stay.”
Sam sighed, he couldn’t understand why he had such a soft spot for the archangel. He was the exact opposite of him in almost every way. But for some reason he found himself greatly enjoying these moments with Gabe. It occurred to him that after this was over, Gabriel would up and disappear again. The temptation to prolong his stay was eventually what convinced him.
“So is watching people while they sleep an angel thing or are you and Cas just a pair of creepers?” Charlie croaked sleepily, rubbing her eyes as she blinked up at the angel. Hannah quickly broke her staring, forcing her gaze upon a stack of books across the library.
“Yep and the ritual worked, the mark’s gone,” Dean informed him, but his frown didn’t go away.
Castiel found his focus dragged back to Dean as an intense amount of fear and anxiety rushed through what he now realised was the bond. Dean was watching him expectantly, nervously waiting for Castiel’s reaction to the news.
Sam tried to hide his nerves, as he waited for Dean’s reply. He’d never been a great liar and even Sam knew his excuse to keep the marriage quiet was flimsy. All Dean had to do was mention the word ‘marriage’ to Cas and it’d all be over. Cas would tell him the truth and Dean would head straight for Gabriel. It would only be a matter of time before he scrutinized Sam’s actions enough to realise he’d been in on it too. What if Dean already knew? No. If Dean knew he would have come in here yelling, not this bizarre brooding.
“I’m sorry Dean, I didn’t mean to cause you any discomfort,” Cas apologised, but his wings drooped in disappointment.
,” Sam begged him, slightly panicked.
“Like I said, I’m here to bond with you,” Sam stated firmly. Gabriel flinched, the last thing he needed was to connect his soul to the man he had an unrequited crush on.
“Groom his wings?” Sam interrupted confused.
Cas, in what Dean assumed was some angel version of a hug. He would have preferred she
“I suppose it’s a consequence of living thousands of years without them,” Castiel mused, then he sighed in defeat. He’d been keeping all his feelings to himself, what did it hurt to confide in one human girl? The Winchesters definitely trusted her and he knew she could keep a secret based off the fact she constantly went by an alias.
Gabriel gave a noncommittal shrug, “Well yeah, there wouldn’t be. It was all pretty experimental stuff. Michael discarded the idea millenniums ago.”
“Oh,” Castiel nodded in understanding, “yes Dean,
Of course Dean loved the bunker, it was the closest thing to a home he’d had since Baby. But spending so much time cooped up indoors was driving him nuts. It really didn’t help that he spent most of it alone. Sam kept hunting without him, leaving the bunker for days at a time and heading off again almost as soon as he came back. And Cas was apparently tracking down renegade angels with that other angel, Hannah, but Dean hadn’t heard from him in over a month. He fidgeted with his phone within the confines of his pocket as yet again he resisted the urge to call the angel. Cas was a big boy,
He doesn’t have to wander far before he’s stopped short, breath catching somewhere in his chest as he catches sight of a familiar tan coat, messy wind-blown hair, the moon lighting up Cas’s face, making him look every bit as ethereal as the angel who walked into a barn all those years ago, sparks flying around him. He’s a little more touchable now, though, and Dean’s fingertips itch with the need to reach out; it’s always been hard to resist touching Cas, to push and pull and hold onto him, but it’s even harder to resist now that he’s
If anyone deserves to hear it, it’s Cas.
“Look, Claire,” he tried, but she shook her head wildly and marched right into his space, hitting him in the chest so hard he winced, the old wound twinging.
Dean’s eyes are hot, his cheeks wet for the second time that night, but he doesn’t wipe them away this time. Instead, he breathes through everything clawing in his chest, the overwhelming weight of everything he feels for Cas.
“Don’t ‘look, Claire,’ me, Dean Winchester,” she hissed through the tears falling. “You were supposed to look after him! You were supposed –”
The kiss is –
He huffs a laugh when he wanders into the kitchen to find the coffee pot already on, the carafe half-full and an empty mug sitting beside it. He pours the coffee and brings it up to his nose, inhaling the warm, rich scent of it. The bitter taste wakes him up a little more, helps him better shake the nightmare-memories. But it ain’t what he came looking for; the kitchen is as devoid of his angel as his bed had been, so he takes his coffee and makes his way to the library, the Bunker’s lights flickering on as he goes and he’s never been able to figure out if its part of the system or if it’s just the Bunker itself, some remnant of Mrs. Butters’ magic, or hell, maybe the building just fuckin’ likes him.
“Can,” Kaia started, looking a little hesitant, “can we decorate it? However we want?”
Shit.
“He said some things,” he admitted vaguely, uncomfortable at even hinting at it. “I’m tryin’ to live up to ‘em, that’s all.”
“Nope, shut up, it’s my turn,” Dean shushes him with a finger against his lips, grinning crookedly when Cas goes cross-eyed trying to stare at it. “Of course I fuckin’ love you,” he says, meeting Cas’s eyes when they snap immediately back to him, filled with wonder.
“You’re a dumbass,” he mutters, accusatory, and Cas makes a protesting noise, reminding Dean of a pissed off, fluffed-up bird. “No, listen, you are,” he doubles down, pulling back just enough to meet Cas’s glare.
The meet somewhere in the middle in a surprisingly soft kiss, none of the desperation Dean expected when he allowed himself to think of this. It lasts an eternity and passes too fast and Cas’s eyes are full of wonder when Dean opens his to meet them, laughing as he rests his forehead against Cas’s.
“Look, I get it,” he mutters, as if he’s in the middle of a conversation despite no one else being around. “You said some pretty heavy shit and then jumped off into the fuckin’ empty before I could say anything back,” he scowls, heart tripping at the memory.
But something else might be, maybe, if he can get his shit together.
Dean got it. He was there, too, most days.
“That’s your mother’s—” Cas is definitely wide around the eyes now, and that’s…Something goes warm and hot at the same time inside Dean, knowing he put that look on Cas’s face.
“Fuck,” he grunted, squeezing his eyes shut as he breathed. There was still a faint scent of ozone in the room, and he didn’t have to wonder whether it’d just been a strange dream. Jack wasn’t the first angel to wander around Dean’s dreams. He huffed at the thought, half of an awful smile tugging at his lips. “Get it from your dad, I guess,” he told the room at large, pushing himself back to sit against the wall. It was too familiar in an awful way, but Dean didn’t have it in him to get up to his feet just then. Instead, he reached one hand across himself to curl over the faded handprint on his shoulder and ducked his head, breathing hard through his nose.
, he didn’t say, but then he didn’t really need to.
She took the hammer.
“Anyway, thanks for comin’ all the way out here.” The silence was getting too awkward.
He sighs, lifting his hand from the vial to rub tiredly at his face. He doesn’t know how to say it anymore than he already has. But maybe.
Claire sniffled and stepped back, her eyes red. Dean offered a smile and a hammer.
With Claire and Kaia, Dean made good progress on tearing out walls and cabinets and closets. Claire enjoyed the destruction as an outlet for her feelings and Kaia liked watching Claire swing a hammer. An all around win, especially when Dean got to tease them for it over delivery pizza and sodas.
Cas, the bastard, laughs, his arms tightening briefly before he pulls back as much as Dean’s arms will let him.
Didn’t they all?
you get to stay with me, what kind of question??” He rolls his eyes, does his best to ignore the way Cas’s have gone a little wide. “I told you, man,” he adds, because he needs to make this
The thought made his stomach knot up and his hands shake. He wet his lips and breathed through the desire to find the nearest bar and drink himself into oblivion. He learned his head against Baby, her metal still sun-warm, but not so hot it burned, and squeezed his eyes shut, refusing to acknowledge the tears gathered at the corners of them.
“Well,” Dean allowed, “I guess you’re pretty good with a hammer.” He grinned. “Right, Kaia?”
,” Cas breathes, like a benediction, like Dean is hallowed and sacred. “I love you,” Cas says again, gentler even than last time, like a whispered prayer.
He sighed, shaking his head. “I ain’t intruding on you ‘an Eileen’s little love nest,” he said, just to watch his brother sputter and turn red up to the roots of his hair. “Miracle will be fine with you, and I’ll be fine here, fixing this place up until it’s y’know, habitable.” He didn’t look back to see what Sam thought of that idea, too busy squinting at the building, trying to picture it –
“Hey, Cas, you around?”
Cas puts a finger to Dean’s lips and shakes his head. He reaches up and back and hooks the chain around Dean’s neck so that the vial falls over his heart. It’s very warm. “I was never a very good Angel, Dean; we both know that. But I think I’ll do alright as a man, as long as I get to stay with you,” and he says it like. Like it’s a fuckin’ question. Like he’s still not sure.
“What—”
“How can he be gone?” she asked, still in that lost-kid voice, and he swallowed hard.
The world was saved, Sam was signing excitedly to Eileen and Jody’s hand squeezed Dean’s shoulder, making him look up tiredly.
He looks a little uncertain when he looks back at Dean. “I’m reading this right?”
“What, really?” she asked, sending a quick look Kaia’s way.
“Would’a called you sooner, but I didn’t know you were—”
” he yelled finally, pry bar slipping from his hands to clatter on the wooden floor, narrowly missing his foot. They drywall cracked and split when his fist went through it, his knuckles splitting; the blood welled up, red amid a sea of white dust. He swallowed and stared down at his hand, barely aware of the pain. He could almost see another wall, blood on his knuckles then, too, and that same black hole tearing him apart from the inside.
“C’mon, man,” he pleads with the air, “you really gonna make me sit here and talk to myself?” It’d be like Cas, he thinks uncharitably, kicking at the dirt with his foot. “I didn’t even have time to say-“
“It’s got good bones,” Dean defended, scowling over at his little brother. One of the swinging, broken shutters fell crashing to the ground from a window. Dean winced. “Look, I gotta do something, okay? I don’t wanna –“ he stopped, looking away so he didn’t have to see the expression on Sam’s face. “I can’t sit in the Bunker all the time, Sam, it’s too-“
“Cas,” he breathes, and familiar blue fills his vision, Cas’s face crinkling into a smile.
“Grace, yes,” Cas interrupts, rolling his eyes at Dean’s tone. “Dean,” he calls softly, catching Dean’s eyes and holding his gaze in a familiar gesture as he offers that soft, crooked smile again. “I want to grow old with you,” he says, gentle, like he gets that it’s gonna punch the air right out of Dean. Like he didn’t just cut divinity out of his veins for -
“Needed a change, man,” Dean answered vaguely, ignoring the way his stomach twisted at the mention of the Bunker, the way Baby’s dark metal started looking a little too much like the twisting void that reached out and - “Just couldn’t hack it livin’ with Sammy anymore,” he interrupted his own thoughts, forcing a laugh. “Kid likes too many vegetables, y’know?” It was weak, as jokes about his brother went, but other than giving Dean a look that bordered on concerned, Scott didn’t comment.
He has his family. He has Cas.
For now, there’s only Dean and Cas and everything between them.
“Go wild,” Dean told her, glancing at Claire who shot him a grateful look that he mostly ignored for both their sakes. He knew what it was like not to have your own room for most of your life, what it meant when you finally did get one, no matter how old you were. “Well,” he amended, looking around the place, “after I get it built.”
“Dean,” Cas says, and there’s half of a blinding grin working its way over his face, “
“Anyway,” he chucked a piece of crust at Claire’s head, trying to lighten the mood. She scowled at him. “I was thinkin’ you two could uh, have your own room, if you want?” He made a face at how completely not-smooth that was, but it faded when Claire’s scowl immediately disappeared. Both her and Kaia looked surprised, but pleased, too.
, Cas,” he says, just to watch those blue eyes widen, Cas inhale a sharp breath even though angels don’t need to breathe.
“Is that your fuckin’—”
“Let’s go home, Dean.”
“Well, I can’t speak for the building,” Scott warned finally, making a face as he looked around the place. “But the foundation looks solid. Shouldn’t give you any problems building up from here.” He wandered over to where Dean was pulling two bottles of water out of the cooler in the backseat, taking the one offered gratefully.
Dean called in a favor from a guy who had a ghost problem a few years back, who was eager to repay the brothers for saving his life with a thorough inspection. He went over what felt like every inch of the place - inside and outside, looking for cracks, sloping floors, jammed doors and windows, and a whole host of other things he’d probably explained, but that Dean had tuned out. Mostly, Dean stayed out of his way and poked around the maybe-once-a-garden, trying to figure out how to salvage it.
------------------------
He wanted a damn drink.
“Tell ‘em it’s a vamp nest,
Until the urge to punch the damned wall until his hand was broken faded.
So, here Dean is, leaning against his car, his dead heart beating a thousand miles a minute before he takes a breath and lets it out, drops his head and prays.
“No, Cas, what you said,” he starts, and Cas’s eyes widen and he stills, and Dean swallows. It’s a good thing he’s used to having the full force of Cas’s attention on him. “The thing you want— I want it too.”
Dean nodded to himself, ignoring the tears still prickling at the corner of his eyes. He reset the pry bar and went on tearing down the walls.
“Cas, you can’t, you—” Dean doesn’t know what to say, how to tell Cas that he’s not, that he shouldn’t –
“Maybe,” he agrees, reaching out to palm the sides of Cas’s face, something like wonder building in his gut. “That thing you want, you can have it.” He glances down, gets caught on Cas’s lips for a second and has to remember how to breathe. There’s probably a joke or two in there, about having to die before he confronts his feelings, but well.
“Cas, you dick,” he mutters, squeezing his eyes shut against the tears leaking out.
He shoved his shaking hand into his pocket and nodded towards the back. “C’mon, get a look at the rest.”
“Dean,” Cas says, in that tone that means ‘why are you like this’ or maybe ‘why the fuck did I choose This One’ and Dean turns around so fast he nearly trips over his own feet.
“Yeah, dumbass, obviously,” he rolls his eyes, but they’re both grinning. He reaches up to thumb away the tears on Cas’s face and kisses him again just because he can. “What do you want?”
The building was old – it had been old a long time, but the space was good, and it wasn’t far from the Bunker. The creek was loud through the trees – a little slip of a thing with clear, cold water that was reminiscent of another creek, in another life. The sun was warm and shone down on a tangled and knotted mass of weeds that might have had designs on being a garden, once; it would have to be cleaned up, but it might could be salvaged with a lot of love and a little work.
“Ugh,” he mutters, making a face. The room is cold, and he shudders when the air hits his bare chest, the other side of the bed vacant in a way that makes his chest ache, just a little. It’s better than the outright panic from the first time, staved off now only by the small square of paper stuck to the pillow.
Dean frowns, some of the earlier panic starting to ripple at the edges of his worn heart, but he takes a breath and reminds himself that they’re
when sunflowers cannot find the sun, their instinct is to face each other
Cas stands beside Jack, who is grinning widely at Dean, with his face turned up to the sun and all of Dean’s insides turn warm and gooey.
He got pizza delivered and slept in his car.
. “Just you.”
“I’ve been in love with you for; shit, I don’t know. It feels like forever.” So many years of his traitor-heart tripping over itself when Cas was close, of it shattering into pieces when Cas was
Tomorrow there will be things to do. Plans to be made, people to tell.
He can hear hooting and cooing and the snap of pictures somewhere behind them, but he ignores it.
He closed his eyes, clenching his fist, as his throat closed up around the rising grief.
“Goddammit,” he exhaled rough, curling further into himself. “Goddammit, Cas; I don’t know if you can hear me, but man, I need you to come back. I need you to come home.” He ignored the tears trailing down his face, squeezed his eyes shut, and prayed. “I can’t – I can’t do this without you, Cas,” he said, his voice cracking into some ugly, drowned thing. “I don’t know if I want to.”
,” Dean whispers, like an invocation, one hand lifting to fit over the vial, his fingers curling around it. He scowls then, Cas’s words filtering through the haze of his brain, and his other hand reaches out to grip the lapels of that damn trench coat. “First of all, you were the
“Cas,” he says, again, unwinding his arms to grip his lapels, “Cas, listen.”
of angel wings is like an old, familiar lullaby he hasn’t heard in a long time.
“Thought I’d miss it more,” he mused to the exposed wall he’d been methodically tearing down. Maybe he was just tired. He’d helped save the damn world, after all. Didn’t he deserve a break?
“Of course. Text the details when you get them all worked out.”
He’s right—the orangey-pink reminds Dean of a sunset—but Dean’s not going to
Dean parallel parks on Main Street and walks a block until he reaches the copy shop. A bell jingles above him when he opens the door, and he greets Phil standing behind the counter. There’s a self-service machine along one of the walls. Dean approaches it and plugs his phone into the attached cord. The screen comes to life, and he selects the images and sizes he wants, plucking them out of the opening after only a few minutes of waiting. Phil rings him up, and Dean pays in cash—tells him to keep the change.
“Dean,” he asks, “are you awake?”
“Hell yeah,” he answers.
“Come on, angel,” he says softly. “You remember what day it is?”
“That’ll be Eileen,” Sam announces, heading out to meet her. Cas, who must’ve noticed Dean’s intake of breath, of course he did, rests a comforting hand on Dean’s thigh, and continues eating one-handed.
“Just a couple more minutes,” Dean informs him. “Go wake the kid up.”
“That’s the beauty of this place,” Dean says, walking Cas over to where most of the others are gathered by the outfit wall. “You can dress him in anything you want, babe.”
Cas hums and goes off to explore his options. Dean’s not left alone for long. Jack approaches him, brandishing his hot pink sloth, newly dressed in a cowboy costume.
he answers, with an over-the-top wink that makes her laugh.
Jack smiles and pulls one out of the bin. Dean lets out a breath of relief. Cas is a natural when it comes to making Jack feel good about himself and his decisions, and it makes Dean kinda jealous. Half the time he feels like he’s maneuvering through a minefield, one wrong step away from shattering the kid’s self-esteem like Dean’s own dad sometimes did. Hell, like Dean himself has done a half-dozen times already.
There’s a public park a ten-minute drive from the shopping mall, with picnic benches you don’t need to reserve ahead of time. They’re not the only ones there, a number of school children already climbing the jungle gym and screeching their way down the slide, with more cars pulling in behind the Impala. Cas and Eileen hurry over to claim one of the tables, spreading Jack’s presents to mark their territory. Sam and Jack follow at a more leisurely pace.
“Yeah.” Another eyeroll. “Sure.”
Dean rests a hand on Jack’s shoulder, pressing his thumb into the kid’s collarbone to ground him.
“What size you get him, Claire?” Dean asks. “Looks a little short.”
“Come on,” Dean says, clapping his hands together. “Get eating. Busy day today.”
“What?” Dean asks, sitting up in concern, while also doing his best not to jostle Cas.
Dean nods, not really sure what else to say. He never went to college, obviously, or had a part-time job. He’d wanted to get one when he was living at Sonny’s, so used to being expected to contribute to the “household” income, but Sonny always told him that his job was school and wrestling. His job was to settle in. It doesn’t matter, anyway—Emily shuts the machine off and pulls his monkey away from the tube before he has a chance to open his mouth. Dean takes his foot off the pedal, and Emily hands him one of the small, red, felt hearts.
“And then you’ll be ready to take your furry friends home!” Emily says, and Dean realizes he spaced out throughout her entire speech. Oh well. He can just follow Cas around the whole time—
Jack takes the monkey in hand and finishes dressing him far quicker than Dean ever could have dreamed.
“Need you to keep the kid out of the kitchen.”
“I didn’t know you kept this,” Dean says.
Cas are pretty invested, and, okay, so it’s not the worst movie Dean’s ever watched, either.
The cinnamon rolls are good—a little chewy, but the icing is the perfect amount of melty, and the cinnamon flavor explodes over Dean’s tongue with every bite. They’re way better than the pre-made refrigerated kind, that’s for sure. Everyone else seems to agree, too. Sam and Eileen give their compliments to the chef—Jack, not Dean, obviously—and Dean can even see Claire attempting to hide a smile. Jack’s got icing on the tip of his nose, and Dean watches as Cas leans forward to wipe it off gently with a paper towel he’s dunked in Jack’s glass of water. The action is tender. Paternal. Human.
The next morning, while Jack is outside helping Cas tend to the garden around back of the bunker, Dean calls Jody. She answers after the first few rings.
“Alright,” Jody says, not unkindly. “What’s up?”
The Build-A-Bear has a strict no-cake-or-present-unwrapping policy, so once everyone’s bears have been carefully enclosed in their little white house-shaped boxes, Dean corrals everybody and gets them moving back towards the car. Jody, Donna, and Claire break off in the parking lot, having apparently parked on the opposite end from the Impala. Dean opens the trunk, and it takes some maneuvering, but they manage to fit all five boxes inside alongside Jack’s presents.
The last shirt she gives him is black, with the words
Dean groans, throwing his head back against the mattress and directing his woes towards the ceiling. “You’re killing me, babe.”
“He was right,” Dean says, voice hoarse. “That was smart.”
Dean remembers meeting Claire back then—vaguely. She wasn’t as angry, that’s for sure. He can imagine her lying awake, wondering where her dad was—if he was ever coming back. Hell, he can relate.
“Here,” he says, handing it over. She takes it slowly, cautiously, and Dean watches her face closely as she opens it up and processes what she’s looking at. Her eyes flit from photograph to photograph rapidly, before moving one by one like molasses, drinking every last detail in like maybe Dean’s going to take the album away once she’s done.
“I can play
“This one would be good every time you think about Crowley,” she says, handing him a grey t-shirt that reads
“What happened?” he asks, only to get aggressively shushed from both directions in return. “No, no,” he continues, “back it up!” Cas elbows him in the stomach, and Dean resigns himself to never finding out what it was he missed.
“Yeah?” Jack asks, looking up at
Dean thinks so, too. He’s pretty sure Jack enjoyed himself last time, despite all the Mrs. Butters craziness and Cas off doing—hell, Dean doesn’t even remember what Cas was off doing. Nothing important, probably. Still. Jack loves when his whole family is in one place, and, apparently, he loves the idea of Build-A-Bear, too.
Fuck. Dean drags a hand across his mouth. It’s not that Dean doesn’t remember that night—he remembers more than he’d like to, frankly. It’s just not something he likes to think about often. And when he does… well, there are a few details that stand out. The horror in Sam’s eyes. The sticky texture of the blood coating his knife. The sound of Claire’s scream.
Dean pulls the Impala into the garage, and Cas leans over the seatback to wake Jack up. Jack lifts his head, jostling Sammy enough that he opens his eyes, too. Dean turns the engine off and takes out the keys, getting out of the car and unlocking the trunk. Everyone comes around to the back to grab something to carry inside, and they empty the trunk in one trip.
himself off the swing as it crests to its highest point above the ground. Jody and Donna scream as Jack hits the mulch and somersaults a few feet from the momentum. Dean’s just about to sprint across the playground when Jack stands up on shaky legs, giggling. He and Claire high-five with both hands and walk back to the picnic benches with arms around each other’s shoulders. Eileen, who had simply dragged her feet to stop swinging like a normal person, follows behind them.
emblazoned across the front.
Dean laughs. More like Jack is just super easy to please and loves anything Dean and Cas do. Either way, the kid is happy, so he can’t complain.
“Something for the car,” Dean tells him. “We’ll be driving for a few hours. And a jacket.”
“Same room as last time?” she asks, as if Dean would’ve moved her spare clothes and favorite throw blanket out of there in the interim.
“Oh yeah, buddy?”
“Yeah,” Jack pipes in. “It didn’t even hurt!”
“Of course,” he responds. They hold onto each other for a few seconds more before Dean rubs his hand across the space between her shoulder blades. “Come on, you should get to bed. You had a long drive.”
“Uhhhh,” Dean hesitates, remembering the evening Jack offered to cook dinner and they all ended up tearing apart the bunker in search of a fire extinguisher. “If I’m helping, sure, why not?”
look pretty cool.
“She’s hot,” he explains. “You’ll like her.”
After that, it’s time for all the pictures from Jack’s birthday. Jody and Donna had taken way more than Dean had expected—saving them to his camera roll from the messages app took, like, at least ten minutes. The collection includes: a group photo with all their bears where everyone still had a nice smile on their face; a handful of group photos where they’d all descended into chaos; a candid of Claire and Jack dressing their bears side-by-side; Claire and Eileen smiling nicely for the camera; a candid of Claire and Dean at the fluffing station, taken from behind; Claire, Jack, and Cas squeezing in close in front of the cake; Jack, his mouth full of pop rocks and his eyes wide in apprehension, and Claire, laughing obnoxiously at him; Claire and Jack upside down on the monkey bars, making silly monkey faces; and a blurry selfie of the whole group that Sam had taken with his freakishly long arms. Dean fills up the next couple of pages and leaves the rest for Claire.
Cas frowns at him. “It’s a soothing color.”
“Of course, kiddo. What next?”
Dean cups the back of Jack’s head with his palm. “Goodnight, buddy.”
“Happy birthday, kid,” she says, letting him go, only to immediately be tugged into a bear hug. She rolls her eyes, but she doesn’t actually mind it. Dean would know.
“Alright… This week on Riverdale… Cheryl started practicing witchcraft, and she cast a love spell on the whole school, and everyone made out with someone they weren’t dating, and all the couples spent the rest of the episode arguing about it.”
Jack sets the books down on the table and dives back into the bag, re-emerging with what looks like a silver and black metal suitcase. Jack unlatches the closure and opens it, revealing a fancy art kit—one with a bunch of markers and crayons and colored pencils and paint. This one even has colored charcoal, which seems way too fancy for a kid, but who’s Dean to judge? Jack launches himself into Cas’ embrace, and they hold each other tight as Jack repeatedly thanks him and Cas repeatedly wishes him a happy, happy birthday.
“Yeah,” Dean confirms, before he registers what Jack actually said. “Wait—no. Not porn.”
“You can put a sound effect in your bear,” Emily explains, pointing at a fixture behind Dean. “There’s a heartbeat, and some songs from kids’ movies. You can also record your own if you want.”
Cas indulges Dean for a few more kisses, before he pulls back and asks, “Don’t you have to go do something?”
And, well. She’s not the only one. Dean drops the almost-argument for now and starts unpacking his bag. Jack sits at the center of one of the wooden benches, with Cas on one side and Claire on the other, patiently waiting for everything to be set up. Jody scoots the cake box in front of the birthday boy, and Sam passes soda around the table.
“What were you looking at?” Jack asks instead.
Jack hums in contentment and flips the page of his activity book. Dean pulls out of the garage and uses the button to shut it behind them. Town isn’t too busy as they drive through, but Dean waves at Marta from the post office as they pass her on her route and Christopher from the community center, too. Once they merge onto the highway, Dean grips the wheel with his left hand and lightly rests his right on Cas’ thigh.
Dean slides his feet into his slippers and stands up, grabbing his dead guy robe off the hook on the wall. He shrugs it on and maneuvers Jack out of the doorway.
“You wanna go wake your dad up?” Dean asks. “Sam and Eileen, too?”
Dean does, and what do you know? The little guy’s perfectly stuffed.
He walks over to the stove, flicking the switch on the hood. Jack breathes out a quiet
“Thanks for today,” Jack continues. “Best birthday ever.”
“Awesome.”
probably paid perfect attention.
When Dean opens the door to his room, the sliver of light from the hallway illuminates Cas on his back in bed, limbs spread wide and face slack with sleep. He doesn’t stir as Dean hangs up his dead guy robe or turns on the fan in the corner or even as he climbs onto the mattress. All he does is sniffle and twitch his fingers. Dean lays down close, resting his cheek on Cas’ sternum and hooking a leg between Cas’ own.
“It’s not a puppet, Dean,” Cas chastises him. “You’re supposed to stuff it.”
“What?” she says. “He’s a Nephilim. He’s
Dean opens his eyes, and Emily tells Dean to kiss the heart before placing it in his monkey’s back. Wordlessly, Dean holds the heart out in front of Cas, who kisses it oh-so-gently. Dean smiles, and Cas mirrors him.
“That’s bad luck, buddy,” Sam says. “If you tell someone your wish, it won’t come true.”
that thing?
Finally, Jack and Cas do as they’ve been told and toe off their muddy gardening boots—Jack apologetic and Cas rolling his eyes the whole time. Jack dutifully picks up both pairs and carries them back to the front door, where they should’ve stayed in the first place. Once Jack’s out of the room, Cas steps into Dean’s personal space and squints at him.
Once the pop rocks have popped their last pop, Cas throws away all the wrapping paper he’d accumulated in Dean’s duffel, and the other adults help Dean carry all of Jack’s presents back to the Impala, squeezing them into the trunk alongside the bear boxes. Claire and Jack hang out on the monkey bars—literally hang out upside down by their knees. Jack’s new sweatshirt doesn’t have elastic holding itself to his waist, so the fabric keeps falling down over his face, no matter how many times he pushes it away.
“He never showed them to you?” Claire asks.
After they’ve all had their birth certificates printed, Emily rejoins them and hands out paper party hats adorned with bear ears. They’re designed for children, so the string squeezes Dean’s own human ears from behind, and he’s literally counting down the seconds until he can rip the damn thing off. All eight of them gather in close, clutching their bears, while Emily takes a million pictures on Jody’s iPhone. Dean smiles nicely for the first few, and then all bets are off. He gives Sammy bunny ears in one, and he crosses his eyes and sticks his tongue out in another. Dean wraps his hands around Cas’ throat, pretending to strangle him, and Cas retaliates by pressing a sloppy kiss to Dean’s temple—though, he misses the mark and pretty much
“These the ones from the fridge?” Dean asks.
Jack nods.
“Huh,” Dean repeats, albeit this time less confused and more contemplative. He looks over the options and grabs one of the do-it-yourself buttons, holding it out to Cas. “You wanna say something, angel?”
“I forgot it was in there,” Cas says, running his thumb along the leather. He studies it for a minute or two before giving it back to Dean. “I guess there’s no reason to keep it. Since you got me my own IDs and cards.”
There’s a secondhand store a few shops down, and Dean passes all the clothing racks and goes straight back to the home section. Most of the stuff on the shelves is junk: VHS tapes trapped inside cracked plastic cases; ugly, busted, mismatched table lamps; and ancient crockpots that are probably about eighty-five-percent likely to start a housefire as soon as they’re plugged in. On one of the last shelves Dean checks over, there’s a large plastic bin full of photo albums. A significant number of them are themed—wedding album, newborn baby album, travel album—but a few at the bottom are plain enough for what Dean’s planning. The highest quality one features a blue and white gingham cloth cover, with probably a hundred or so sheets inside, each fitting four photos on both the front and the back. Score.
“Well, if he doesn’t like them, we can return it.”
“You ever come here?” he finds himself asking.
Her voice sounds… well, let’s just say Dean knows what it sounds like when someone’s trying to seem a lot less emotional than they actually are—the deliberately calm tone, the low volume. Claire glances at him for a moment. Dean’s not sure what his face looks like, but whatever Claire sees inspires her to continue.
Dean leans in, and Cas meets him in the middle for a kiss, resting his palm on the side of Dean’s head, his thumb stroking Dean’s cheekbone. Dean pulls back after a moment or two, far too tired for anything further. Then he rolls over, Cas slinging an arm over his waist, fitting himself against Dean’s back.
Cas smiles. “Think that sounds nice.”
He nods and piles three slices of pepperoni on his plate.
Dean swings back around to Sammy’s room and knocks once before barging in. Sam splutters in annoyance, but Dean ignores him.
Dean gestures to the rest of the group’s bears: Sam’s Snoopy in a pilot costume; Eileen’s bunny in scrubs and a medical mask; and Claire’s skunk in, worrisomely, a devil costume—horns, tail, pitchfork, the whole nine yards.
The timer beeps, and Dean takes the pan out of the oven, setting it on the stove to cool for five or so minutes.
“Huh,” Dean says, opening the unfamiliar wallet to see what’s inside. Jimmy Novak’s DMV photo stares at him from behind the flimsy plastic sleeve on the front flap.
“Having trouble, old man?” Claire asks from where she’s suddenly appeared at his side.
“Love you,” Dean mumbles.
“I know how you feel,” Dean confesses, and in his periphery, he sees her head whip up to face him. He reaches around her for the second paddle brush and turns so they’re standing shoulder-to-shoulder. “Most of our stuff from when I was little burned up in the fire.”
Dean takes the cake to the fridge right away, and when he comes out of the kitchen, he sees that most of Jack’s presents have been abandoned on the table in the library to be dealt with in the morning. Jack himself is making the rounds, hugging everyone goodnight. He barrels into Dean last, pressing the side of his face into Dean’s chest and wrapping his arms tightly around Dean’s middle.
Let it be known that Dean Winchester is
“What now?” Jack asks.
The next morning—well, afternoon, really—Dean and Cas officially finish moving Cas into Dean’s bedroom. The place is more cluttered than Dean would normally like, but he’d feel bad asking Cas to weed out some of the collectibles he loves so much. Not to mention the plants—Dean had brought up the idea of getting rid of some of the worse-for-wear ones
“Great,” Dean says, reaching out to slap Sam on the shoulder. “Thanks, dude.”
Jack wraps Claire in a tight hug, thanking her again, and when he lets her go, she bashfully tucks her hair behind her ears. She’s got a proud look on her face, though, so Dean counts it as a win. The next set of gifts are from Sam, a big box and a small bag. Jack starts with the bag, taking a quick peek inside and then turning it upside down, so that a bunch of matchbox cars fall onto the table. Jack smiles and begins inspecting each one up close, pointing out details to Cas at his side.
mad you lost a bet?”
“Very funny,” Dean says, resolutely
“I’m serious,” Jody continues, turning her glare towards Dean now. “I better not hear a single one of you call this stuffed horse Jody.”
“So,” Dean says. “You like working here?”
Jack’s slower to open Dean’s second gift, eyes darting between the two of them, like he’s not sure if he should be taking a side here. He doesn’t seem to know what he’s looking at once he opens the box, so Dean tells him to pull it out and unfold it. Everyone oohs-and-aahs when they see it’s a chef’s apron, with the words
“Oh,” Jack says. “That’s not so bad.”
Dean splutters, raising his voice and shouting over whatever Jack opens his mouth to say.
But Dean can’t—he can’t just
“Too full for presents?” Cas asks Jack.
Dean pulls out of the parking lot and onto the main road, driving straight for a few intersections before turning left. At a red light, his phone buzzes with a text from Donna, letting him know that there were no problems picking the cake up from the bakery. Dean smiles.
Dean raises his eyebrows and looks back-and-forth between the two of them. “Oh, yeah? Wanna bet?”
“In the kitchen.”
in realization. On top of the cooktop is a pan of what were apparently supposed to be cinnamon rolls but are instead eight balls of completely charred dough.
“I’m going to see if they have a blaster,” Jack says, and then he’s gone.
how to interpret. He leans forward to capture Cas’ mouth in a kiss, reaching blindly to the side to drop his phone on the table next to the forgotten bottle of beer. With the kid asleep and Sam and Eileen two hundred miles away, they’ve got to take advantage of the alone time as thoroughly as they can.
Dean laughs and signs
“What should I bring?” Jack counters.
certainly gets Dean’s attention. When he looks at Claire, she’s got a wide-eyed pseudo-innocent expression on her face that Dean doesn’t trust for a
Dean doesn’t know how long he stares at the last one. Long enough for Cas to become worried and crawl over to Dean’s side and rest his chin on Dean’s shoulder. Dean stares and stares and stares, his brain practically whirring as he thinks about Claire without front teeth and Jimmy carrying photos of his wife and daughter everywhere and Cas unintentionally doing the same thing and Claire looking up at Dean in the middle of a Build-A-Bear in Omaha, Nebraska with tears in her eyes.
Claire pulls away, and Dean pretends not to notice her wiping away some tears. She holds the album tightly against her chest as she leaves the room, and Dean stands in place for a while after he’s watched her go. Then, he grabs the empty beer bottles and popcorn bowl, carrying them to the kitchen. He flips the bowl over the trashcan, discarding all the un-popped kernels, and rinses the beer bottles out, leaving them upside down in the dish rack. Sam’ll toss them into the recycling bin in the morning.
Sammy for telling her about Aaron.
for.”
Eileen tears open the bag of pop rocks and tells Jack to open his mouth and lean back a bit—Dean thinks it makes him look like a baby bird. She pours some onto his tongue, and they all laugh as Jack makes his way through a truly fantastic face journey, from hesitant to curious to taken aback to joyous. Eileen goes around the table, after, depositing pop rocks in the mouths of everyone else, finishing the last of the bag herself.
There was a sharp intake of breath nearby and the sound encouraged Castiel to pry his eyes open groggily. His eyes immediately landed on Dean who was standing over him, watching him nervously. Castiel felt, rather than saw, relief rush over Dean. Before he could even wonder how such a thing was possible, Castiel took note of his surroundings.
Castiel snorted, looking fondly at the tangled mess of sheets that surrounded them and noticing that there were still a few of his feathers remaining here and there.
disorientating,” she whined, gripping her stomach as she decided whether or not she was gonna throw up. Castiel looked at her apologetically as he patted her back soothingly. The gesture was oddly human and Charlie found herself pleasantly surprised at how much he’d changed from the stoic character she’d gotten to know in the books.
“Might wanna turn around,” she told him, the start of a grin on her face and Dean blinked, letting himself be manhandled into turning around. His eyes widen when they catch on a tan trenchcoat and a blue tie; a messy head of hair.
,” Cas says, and then shakes his head, meeting Dean halfway in a messy, inexpert kiss.
.preface
The soft
, that sometimes Cas wanders, but he always comes back.
Cas looks sheepish.
He reached up to swipe at his eyes, ignoring the looks from Claire and Kaia, lurking over her shoulder. The sun filtered in through the missing window and hit his face, bathing it in warmth. He closed his eyes and turned away from it, all of his years hitting him at once when he looked up at Claire. Her grief was written across her face, unwilling and desperate.
“It’s snowing,” Cas answers, holding one hand up to catch the flakes falling down around them. “I wanted to…Feel it.”
One salty ex-hunter, an angel with too much heart, and all of eternity to figure out that happiness can be in the having, too.
It was strange being the one giving hunting advice instead of being out there, doing it.
It was never really on the cards for Dean.
“Why aren’t you trying to get him back?” she asked, in that small little-kid voice that pulled what was left of Dean’s heart right from his chest and ground it into the dirt where it belonged. “Sam said he was—”
Dean closes his eyes against the rush of feeling, tugging lightly on Cas until the angel gets the idea and meets him halfway.
“You could stay with me and Eileen at the new house,” Sam tried, his hangdog puppy face at full force. “There’s plenty of room and Miracle would be happier with you there.” And no space for old ghosts, or places to hide convenient bottles of whiskey.
Cas looks up at him, wide-eyed. He’s only a few feet away; Dean pushes off from the car and steps towards him.
“Cas,” Dean starts, stops, then, “Castiel.”
“Stay,” Dean tells him, resting their foreheads together, giddy in a way he doesn’t think he’s ever been. “Can you stay?”
“To say—”
“Yeah, I heard y’all had some secret batcave now,” Scott said, his eyebrows making a hilarious bid for his thinning hairline. “Why place your bets on a place like this?”
Messy and inexpert and perfect. It takes them a minute to get it right and Cas’s stubble is scratchy and he keeps his eyes open the whole time and Dean never, ever wants it to end.
Dean jerks awake, some nameless nightmare crawling through his dreams alternating between Hell red and Empty black; he sucks in a heavy breath, swipes a little angrily at the wetness on his cheeks.
“And nothin’. The Empty ain’t talkin’ and it ain’t openin’. Not for me, anyway.” It wasn’t willing to give up its prized angel after snatching him up right as –
Cas holds him back just as tight and it’s (almost) everything Dean’s ever wanted.
“You’re worth it you know,” Cas tells him, “the waiting. You’ve always been worth it.”
?” he repeats, rolling his eyes. “You’ve had me for
Longer than that, actually, but. He has
“You,” Cas answers, distracted, running one hand back through Dean’s hair, fascinated by being allowed to
. “You have me, Cas. It’s. I’m—”
Dean flushes but holds his gaze. “Yeah well, no more waiting, right? Isn’t that what this whole Heaven thing is supposed to be about now? Peace and freedom for eternity, or whatever?”
He stopped to exhale noisily, squeezing his eyes shut briefly.
It felt pretty damn good to laugh, even with the prickling guilt about sitting there with Claire when Cas couldn’t.
“Oh, it wasn’t any problem, Dean. It’s the least I could do, after you took care of my wife for me,” Scott took his hand and shook it gently, smiling. “I almost miss it, y’know? House is so quiet now, without her tossin’ plates around the kitchen.” He huffed a little, letting go of Dean’s hand and turning to head to his truck. “Strange isn’t it? To be haunted by the ghost of a ghost?”
He doesn’t think Cas has ever said goodbye before, not really. Not in any way that mattered. Except now he’s gone, and Dean was left behind with no way to find him or drag his ass back home. Claire’s forehead thunked gently against his chest and he sighed, reaching up to palm the back of her head.
“Yeah, Cas,” he says softly, reaching out to gently take the ring back. “I know y’know, I’m…Legally dead, or a wanted fugitive, maybe, who knows right, it changes weekly, and you’re not even,” he gestures vaguely, and Cas manages something like an amused snort, despite how wet it sounds. “But I figure maybe we can call Garth, and Jody’s backyard is nice, right and we got suits and—”
than this. You’re not gonna let him down.” Not again. Dean took another breath, exhaling a rough, almost-sob, and blinking rapidly to clear his vision. “Okay,” he said, shaking himself. “Okay.” A repetition, almost a memory, but he shook it off and turned back to the house, nodding. “You’ve got work to do,” he reminded himself.
,” he breathes, taking in the sight of him: rumpled trenchcoat, that stupidly adorable backwards fucking tie; hair sticking up everywhere and those blue, blue eyes that catch hold of Dean’s and hold. And then, “shit, I didn’t think you were actually gonna-“
A large piece of drywall cracked and fell to the floor, stirring up the white dust.
“I don’t know, kid. I thought he’d be here forever, too.”
He clears his throat, thinks he should be more self-conscious than he is. But –
dignity left.
.i tangled roots
“He always comes back,” she tried. “Isn’t that what you said? What you always say?”
“I decided,” he pauses, glances at Dean’s face again and reaches into one of the pockets of his coat, pulling out something on a chain. Dean’s breath catches for the second time that night when he sees the swirling blue glow of Grace inside the vial hanging from the chain. The glow of it casts light on both of them, illuminates the dark, makes the snow sparkle.
He shakes his head and half-laughs through his tears. “I love you.”
He died.
“Your ass
He’s so tired of waiting.
Cas sighs at him and Dean can’t help the laugh that punches out of him, stupid fond, and his feet move before he really makes the choice, carrying him over to Cas and not stopping until he’s pressed against the angel, holding on tight.
nice,” Cas says immediately, because he’s an asshole, “but presumably I’d also be marrying the rest of you.” Dean rolls his eyes and holds his hand out, wiggles his fingers until Cas huffs a teary laugh and sets his palm in Dean’s. “Yes,” he whispers quietly, almost a prayer, a holy thing between them, as Dean slides the ring onto his finger, the blue of Cas’s Grace glinting off the metal.
He carefully shoved the welling black back down into its box and stretched his hand. It hurt, but it wasn’t broken. He picked up the pry bar and inserted the end back between the wood and the drywall. He pulled.
He cleared his throat and bought himself some time by taking a drink. “Nope,” he said finally, shrugging. “Tryin’ to give it up.” Sam kept telling him cold-turkey wasn’t healthy, but he’d dealt with withdrawals before. There sure as hell hadn’t been any alcohol in Purgatory, and if he could deal with it there while trying to survive, he could damn sure do it here.
And again.
Dean leans against the side of the Impala, arms crossed, glaring up at the sky like it has personally offended him.
He yawned, scrubbing a hand tiredly over his face and up into his hair, grimacing at the sweat and dirt. He’d have to drive back into town for dinner, maybe head back to the Bunker to sleep –
“C’mon,” he mutters, tugging Cas forward with him as he turns, shifting his grip from Cas’s lapel to his hand, tangling their fingers. “I wanna. I got somethin’ for you,” he adds, when Cas tilts his head at him, squinting a question. “Might make you finally get it in your thick skull that you’re it for me.”
“You can’t
“C’mere,” Dean mutters, but it’s Cas who draws him in, reaching out to fist one hand in Dean’s shirt, the other gripping his shoulder, right over where his handprint has now sat twice.
He needed that, right now.
“Dean are you…Sure?” Sam asked, staring up at the place, his face scrunched up and skeptical in that specific Sam way. “I mean, it’s a little…,” he gestured vaguely.
“Would you just get your stubborn, feathered ass down here Castiel,” he finally shouts indignantly, sparing only a brief thought to be glad he’d picked somewhere no one was around to hear him yelling at his stubborn, dumbass angel.
Jack rips the paper off Sam’s other gift: one of those loop-de-loop tracks for matchbox cars.
“Actually,” Cas says, his mouth turning up at the corners in a mischievous grin. “I think I’ll bet ten.”
“I don’t know!” Sam answers, defensive. “I’ve never had kids before. The lady at the store said they were good for four-year-olds.”
“No,” Cas confirms, shaking his head. “Their shells aren’t removable. I don’t know why the stuffed shell isn’t attached to the stuffed turtle’s back.”
“There you go,” Dean says, proud. Jack smiles brightly at him before focusing very intently on his task. He rolls the dough out meticulously, and Dean takes over at the end to make sure it doesn’t wind up too thin to roll into a log.
“Yeah,” Dean says, and then, “Wait, hold on.”
“I like them,” Jack declares. Shit. Did he hear them? Dean’s not sure. The kid’s always had a habit of announcing his likes and dislikes. Maybe that’s what’s happening.
“What else would I say?” Cas asks, tilting his head, and, hand to God, Dean can’t tell if he’s being deliberately fucked with or not. Christ, he loves this guy.
She shoos him along down the line, and Dean would really prefer to stick with Cas, but Cas and Emily have already started the stuffing process for Cas’ turtle. Damn. Dean wanders over to the “fluff me” station, which seems to be a large plastic table in the shape of a clawfoot bathtub. Dean has
“Let’s go check it out, yeah?” he says, turning Jack in the direction of the kitchen. “It’s probably not that bad.”
Claire approaches the swing set and says something that Dean can’t hear—whatever it is, it inspires Jack to quite literally
“Yeah,” he answers, clearing his throat. And he is. Has been for a while, actually. He’s got his baby brother, safe and happy and stupidly in love with one of the coolest chicks Dean’s ever met. And he’s got his angel—the love of his fucking life, really—and their two kids, one they found and one they raised. He’s got a family—one that he built, one that no one’s going to take away from him, not heaven or hell or even God himself. “I’m good. I’m really, really good.”
, likes accumulating things of his own—and lucky for him, Dean loves giving them. He reaches blindly into the shopping bag, wrapping his fist around the ceramic angel and pulling it out. Holding his fist in Cas’ line of sight, he slowly uncurls his fingers and watches Cas’ reaction. His eyes light up, and a brilliant smile spreads its way across his face, almost blinding. Cas lets go of Dean, delicately plucking the angel from his hand and cradling it in his own. He looks over to the ledge above Dean’s—
Dean leans in close and Cas meets him in the middle for a kiss. God. Dean doesn’t think he’ll ever get tired of this. He hadn’t even realized how desperately he’d wanted it all these years until he’d finally gotten a taste. Sure, he’d known how he’d
“We’re going to turn in, too,” Sam says, his arm around Eileen’s shoulders.
“Not porn!” Dean insists.
Jack takes the knife and slices it right down the middle of Archie’s face. He’s about to pull it back out when Claire stops him with a hand over his on the handle.
“Looks good, babe,” Dean tells him, before pulling out his credit card to complete the order.
“No,” Claire and Jack answer at the same time again. Well. Color Dean confused.
Cas nods, half-asleep already, and wishes Claire goodnight on his way out of the room. Dean stands up and treks over to the bar, pulling two bottles of beer out of the fridge. He opens them both against the counter and gives one to Claire before collapsing in the second armchair. He pulls the lever to recline back and lets out a relaxed sigh. After a moment, Claire does the same. They drink in silence for ten, fifteen minutes, maybe—Dean’s not positive—until Claire kicks the recliner back into its upright position and scoops the strap of her duffel bag up off the floor.
when Jack’s mix finishes. As they get closer to the Oak View Mall in Omaha, Cas pulls up Google maps on his phone and gives Dean soft-spoken directions from the passenger seat.
“Damn straight,” Dean says, fixing a second plate for Cas, who hasn’t moved from his place next to Jack. Just as they all sit down and start to dig in, Dean hears the unmistakable sound of the bunker’s front door opening. For a moment, his adrenaline spikes at the thought of something or someone breaking in, before Sam scoots his chair back and stands up.
“Was thinking earlier,” Dean explains. “Kinda pointless for you to have all your stuff in another room when you just sleep here every night. Figured we could—you know. Make it official. Move in together. Whaddaya think?”
Dean can smell something burnt before they even reach the kitchen, and the room is a little smoky when they do. Jeez, maybe it
“You put them in your mouth,” Eileen explains, “and then they explode.” She mimes explosions with her hands. Jack looks a little freaked out at that.
Their group disperses along the selection wall, pointing at various displays and picking up the unstuffed bears from the bins below. Dean figures a monkey is as good a choice as any, so he grabs one of the freaky little skins and searches out Cas. He’s further down the stuffed animal wall, apparently debating between a sea turtle and a plain, light-colored teddy bear. Dean slides up next to him, one hand in his monkey skin like it’s a puppet.
Jack picks the heavier one first, and before he can even announce to the group what he’s opened, Cas plucks the bottle of Jack Daniels out of the packaging and declares, “Absolutely not.”
Dean lifts the top off the cake box, revealing the image-laden, rainbow monstrosity within. Jack’s going to love it. The bakery provided them with a large wax candle in the shape of a 4, and Sam sticks it in the cake, making sure not to ruin any of the pictures or letters, and then he uses his lighter to light it. Donna has Jody’s phone in hand, though Dean’s not sure if she’s taking photos or video.
“Little more pressure,” Dean instructs.
Dean can hear the shower running as he passes the bathroom on the way to the kitchen, which means Sam has been up long enough to leave for and return from one of his morning jogs. Disgusting. Dean can’t believe he’s related to that freak, honestly.
“Do mine next,” Eileen suggests, and she identifies the biggest box and smallest bag. This time, Jack starts with the box. He has to stand up to unwrap it—it’s too heavy for his lap—and he gasps when the paper is torn enough to expose what’s inside.
Jack bounds over to his side, happily taking the knife from Dean and sticking it into the bowl of icing. Dean grabs a second knife for himself, and together they sloppily spread the entire bowl atop the cinnamon rolls, still in the pan.
“Hey, Dean,” she says, warmth in her voice.
Cas leans in close. “You’ll never guess.”
“I love you,” he tells Cas, squeezing his hand tight.
“I tried to make breakfast,” Jack explains. “But something went wrong.”
They all toss their garbage into a bin nearby, and Dean puts the top back on the cake box so they can bring it home later.
No one chimes in with an earlier date, so Donna leans forward and pulls the knife out of the cake. She passes it back to Dean, and he cuts pieces—starting with Jack’s. Cas passes around plastic forks, and they all devour two pieces each, or three, in Dean’s case. He leans back, rubbing at his stomach and groaning in both regret and ecstasy. He looks up and sees Jack doing the same thing.
“Yeah,” Jack says, quiet and bashful, the syllable drawn out.
“Morning, grumpy,” Dean greets him, with a cheeky smile. Oh, if looks could kill… Though, even as Cas glares at him, he tilts his head backwards so that Dean can give him an upside-down kiss.
“Where the hell is everyone?” he asks in English, and she just shrugs in response. Dammit. Dean goes back down the main hallway and peeks into Jack’s room. He seems to be dressed, at least, but he’s standing by his desk with his backpack, looking confused.
“Don’t forget the other one,” Claire says, pointing at the little bag covered in a confetti print. Jack snatches it up and opens it right away.
in the neatest handwriting he can manage. Next, he pulls out the envelope Phil had given him to store his printed photographs in safely, and he slides the photos onto the desk. He’s still got Jimmy’s wallet in his other jeans pocket, so he fetches the photos from inside and adds them to his collection.
Shit.
apron.
Before Dean can respond, something happens on the screen that makes both Cas and Jack gasp. Dean whips his head back around to look at the TV.
“What the hell,” Sam chimes in. “Put me down for fifteen. There’s no way you get this right, dude.”
being called sugarbee and tastycakes. Sue him!
“Yeah,” Cas confirms.
Cas makes a little noise, like he hadn’t expected Dean to ask, but he’s not totally opposed to the idea either. He stares at the button for a moment, contemplating, and then leans in close. Dean presses the record switch just in time for Cas to say, “Hello, Dean.”
“No friggin’ way,” Jack exclaims, smile wider than Dean thinks he’s ever seen it. Nobody even bothers to point out his age-inappropriate language.
“You are awesome, you are loved,” Emily says, interrupting their eye contact. “Now give your furry friend a hug.”
. Then, he heads back out to the kitchen, where everyone else has already dug in.
“You wanna get them back here?” Dean asks Claire as he sets the cake down on the table.
“Yeah,” Dean answers. He punctuates it with another kiss. “I’ll be back before dinner.”
she signs, which is a phrase in ASL Dean only knows because she directs it at him and Cas so often.
Cas is just getting a hand down Dean’s flannel pajama pants when the alarm blares again, reminding Dean what day it is and how little time he has left to whip up the perfect birthday breakfast. Cas whines when Dean pulls away, chasing his mouth, and Dean almost says
Dean cracks. “Don’t be a stranger,” he says, placing a palm on her shoulder.
“Can we have cake now?” Eileen asks. “I’m starving.”
Dean leans in close to Sam. “Aren’t those a little… young for him?” he whispers.
“Here you go, buddy,” Dean says, passing Jack the two boxes he’d wrapped in old newspaper.
“You ready, angel?” Dean asks.
“Thank you, Dean,” Cas says, his voice taking on that tone that always makes Dean feel like maybe Cas is saying thank you for more than just a two-buck ceramic thrift store angel.
It’s probably not even a minute before Dean’s out, too.
“You guys couldn’t save
Facing Cas, Dean cuddles in close, so that their noses are practically brushing.
“Can’t dress him if it’s like that,” Dean figures.
“Why don’t you pick out one of your tapes,” Dean instructs, watching Jack’s eyes go wide.
Cas looks up and smiles, the way he always does when Dean calls him that. It’s taken a few months, but Dean thinks Cas has finally caught the hang of pet names—enough to recognize them, that is. He still hasn’t quite grasped the skill of using them himself, but what the hell. Dean
“Yeah,” Dean answers, “got it at the flea market when Eileen moved in last month.”
“Huh?”
“Hey, go to bed,” he whispers. “Be there soon.”
“Baking cinnamon rolls!” Jack answers.
The first thing Dean does once he flicks the kitchen lights on is start the coffee maker. He turns the stove on and gathers all the necessary pans and ingredients while he waits for it to heat up. The pancake mix is nothing special—just the cheap, off-brand box from the grocery store—and it doesn’t take more than a minute or two to stir in the bowl. He pours a few circles of batter onto the griddle and starts in on the eggs. Jack likes them scrambled, which is easy enough. Dean flips the pancakes over and fetches two mugs from the cabinet, filling them both almost to the brim with hot coffee—one black and the other with a stupid amount of cream and exactly one and a half sugar cubes. Then he moves the finished pancakes onto a platter, pours another round onto the griddle, and heads back to his bedroom, cream-and-sugar-monstrosity in hand.
“That one,” Jack says, and Dean hands him a brown paper giftbag, Jack’s name drawn in cool bubble letters on one side.
The two of them get in their car, and Claire approaches Dean, having already said goodbye to the others. He stares at her for a moment, both of them with their hands in their pockets and waiting for the other one to say something first.
“Alright, kiddo,” Dean says. “Which one first?”
“Mhm,” Claire says. “I figured, you know, you’ve lost so many people over the years, you might want something to remind you of one.”
“Takes one to know one,” she sing-songs, and it’s at that point that he gives up.
“Fantastic,” Dean says. He calls out to Cas and Jack: “Come on, this way, you two. Chop-chop!”
Jack helps Dean gather the flour, sugar, yeast, milk, butter, and eggs, lining them all up on the counter, and Dean procures a big metal mixing bowl and some measuring cups. Jack cracks the eggs a little too hard, and they have to go fishing for pieces of shell, but otherwise the dough-mixing goes okay. Dean spreads a hefty amount of flour on the counter and pulls a rolling pin out of a drawer.
“Ope,” Donna says, “That might be me. June first.”
The drive goes smoothly—no traffic; only one stop for gas, snacks, and a bathroom break; and Jack is happy to let Dean put on
“Looks good,” he tells Dean.
“Gross,” Claire declares, and when Dean pulls away, he sees she hasn’t even lifted her head.
“I’m serious,” Dean continues. “You know we got the room.”
He flips through the wallet flaps, cataloguing Jimmy’s debit card and library card and fro-yo loyalty punch card. He was only one punch away from a free medium serving. Dean’s about to toss the whole thing in the trashcan when something catches his eye: the corner of a thick piece of paper sticking out of one of the card slots. When Dean pulls it out, he uncovers a photo of Amelia Novak, a decade or so younger than she was when they first met her. She’s staring off into the distance, her blonde hair practically shining in the sunlight. Dean digs through the rest of the slots, and finds three more photographs: a professional portrait of Jimmy and Amelia, probably from their engagement shoot; Jimmy and Amelia perched on a hospital bed, Amelia cradling a newborn baby; and a school yearbook picture of Claire with her two front teeth missing.
family. Those winged douchebags never cared about you like we do,” Dean accused resentfully. Cas dropped his eyes to the floor, running a hand agitatedly through his already unruly locks. It was a familiar gesture and Dean was sure Cas had adopted the habit from him.
“Dean didn’t put you up to this for revenge, did he?” Gabriel interrogated suspiciously.
“I apologise Dean, we did not mean to cause you any discomfort. Hannah was simply expressing her relief at my recovery,” Cas explained, taking a step back to avoid the contact.
to ask you.”
overreacted earlier. And after Gabriel had been
, made him feel all the more heartbroken. Dean likely had no idea the connotation of using Cas’s feathers instead. It was supposed to be his
“I don’t have a soul, Charlie, he bonded with my grace and I fear you’re speaking gibberish again,” Castiel corrected her.
He hesitated just outside his bedroom door. Dean really didn’t feel up to seeing Cas yet. He didn’t have the energy to deal with all the drama that attached to seeing him, especially as tired as he was now. But asking to sleep in Sam’s room or taking one of the spare rooms around the bunker would make it extremely obvious he was avoiding Cas. Dean wasn’t a coward, dammit, he wasn’t going to run from his own room.
“See, it all worked out for the best,” Sam claimed, still trying to maintain his innocence. Dean pulled away from the kiss reluctantly, only so that he could flash his brother one of his
angel? No, Dean reminded himself firmly, Cas wasn’t
“Are you hungry?” Cas asked in concern.
Sam hesitated before reluctantly taking the seat beside his brother, watching him carefully.
********
“You’re very good at that,” Hannah couldn’t help but inform her.
“I call driving!” Charlie dibbed excitedly, she’d always wanted to drive the Impala.
He deliberately focussed on the road, trying to ignore his brewing emotions. He would have preferred to focus on
“You don’t,” Gabe shrugged and then winked at him. Sam grimaced choosing to ignore the wink. Great now he’d be paranoid every time he showered.
“You don’t understand. You’ve never loved someone who you know will never love you back.”
“Seriously, Dean. You couldn’t even be married one day before cheating on Cas,” his tone was teasing but Dean took his words like a slap to the face. He couldn’t stop the venomous words from tumbling out.
for the first time. Her connection to Heaven must be far more severed than she’d realised.
Understanding flashed over Sean’s face and he took a step back.
. Closing his eyes, Dean desperately searched for any sign of the feeling again. It had only lasted a moment but it had been enough to stir a new wave of hope inside of him. After a moment Dean detected a few distant emotions that he hadn’t been aware of before. Although he couldn’t know for sure, Dean
“Oh yes, that would work! That would work
Dean noticed his expression immediately and his face fell in turn.
“They don’t have a physical presence, Dean. I don’t think they’ll hinder your progress,” Cas defended and what he said was true. The wings passed right through the cooking utensils and his arms as he worked, so they weren’t actually in the way per se, but it was definitely messing with his concentration. Especially since he could still feel the feathers physically, which made his arms being able to pass through them super disconcerting.
did you know said rebound was male and the “rebound sex” didn’t even happen. Looks like poor Dean-o was too torn up over Cassie to get it up,” Gabriel snickered.
Sam looked at him skeptically, “Oh yeah? Like what?”
“Well that’s great news! Why aren’t you- oh…
“Way to let the cat out of the bag, Chatty Cathy,” a voice appeared behind them, “you just can’t trust good help these days.”
“I already told her tonight would be a good opportunity to persuade Dean to follow through with his feelings so she said she’ll try her best and I trust her,” Sam told him defensively.
After finding himself alone in the bunker, he kind of wished Gabe had hung around for a while before the others got back. It was almost an hour drive and Sam only stayed up so he could greet Charlie. It was well past midnight before the bunker door finally groaned open and Sam was startled out of his almost-sleep by the sound. He pulled his head up from the table to watch them descend the stairs.
the angel hated him after the harsh things he’d said to him. It would make ignoring the ache of these feelings so much easier. Dean didn’t deserve a family who loved him, not a brother
Hannah seemed to contemplate this carefully before replying, “That seems to be the most likely explanation. In that case, he must remain here until the healing process is complete.”
it was true. But then what did that even mean for Dean? Did all the horrible things he’d done as a demon
Sam tried to look offended, “I’m not sure whether to take that as a compliment or an insult.”
leave again. It looks like being too far away from my soul cuts off all the healing mojo. You might be stuck here for a while.”
This, however, only seemed to upset Dean more.
Sam looked sheepish before replying, “I'm not positive but I may have an idea…”
They jerked a little as the car started moving and Hannah instinctively pulled a hand out to steady them.
“Yeah I already knew that, smartass.”
“Look Dean, you are a very nice human but I do not wish to mate anyone for at least another hundred years. The fall is not the ideal time to choose a mate,” Hannah proclaimed assertively.
“Why can’t we do both? It’ll just be a little bit of fun, come on!” Gabriel pleaded.
Where Dean’s humble bed had once resided, sat a far newer looking King sized one. But it wasn’t the new, polished oak bedframe that captured his attention; rather how it was decorated. The bedsheet and pillow cases were a beautiful green, while the bedspread covering the thick duvet was a piercing blue. The colours were entirely too familiar and Castiel realised quickly why. It was the breathtaking green of Dean’s eyes and the blue of his own. No. It was the blue of
“Brother, may I ask you plainly? Have you tried conveying your feelings to the younger Winchester?”
It’d been almost two months since his last hunt and Dean wasn't sure how much longer he could stand it. Sam'd had him on house arrest ever since the incident with the vamp nest in Colorado.
Or at least that's what he assumed they were supposed to be. But these poor appendages had barely any feathers left, those that remained appeared frail and tattered, bones in their place. Connected to these pathetic limbs was Cas, curled on his side wrapped in a tangle of blankets. Dean's mind finally caught up with his situation as he remembered the previous day’s events. He quickly moved towards Cas and let out a sigh of relief as he took in the steady rise and fall of his chest. Cas was alive
Eventually Dean managed to drag himself out of bed, accepting the fact that he couldn’t stay in bed forever. Sam was likely to haul his sorry ass out of there sooner or later and Dean would rather not have to face the forced conversation about his ‘feelings’ that would no doubt come from it. Besides he knew he couldn’t leave things like that between him and Cas. He needed Cas to know how sorry he was. Dean wasn’t sure how he’d ever forgive
“Oh it was tested, alright. You remember the Nephilim? What do you think started all that? Angels don’t just disobey easily, you know,” Gabriel chuckled.
Castiel, however, was a soldier and his wings displayed that. They were intimidatingly large with sharp angles and were made for practicality rather than appearance. They beared several scars from his fiercer battles and hadn’t been properly groomed since his rebellion. The colour was also displeasing, considering angel wings usually adopted paler colours. It didn’t help that humans considered black as an association with evil.
, Sam doesn’t know about the angel courting stuff,” Dean pointed out.
“Good?” Charlie asked anxiously.
Sean wasn’t as muscled as Dean but he was far from scrawny. His face was clean shaven and his hair was a wild tumble of golden curls. Despite paling in comparison to Cas’s bright blue,
“I’d rather have you cursed or not.”
Sam left them to their ritual, hoping he’d be able to grab something for breakfast before he had to deal with a pissed off archangel. It was far too early in the morning to be dealing with Gabe, that’s for sure.
. But Dean had asked for their help getting home and, of course, Castiel could never say no to Dean.
“I know it’s traditional to offer a ring, but I thought this would suffice since I never got the chance to court you properly,” Cas explained, offering the feather to Dean anxiously.
“What about it?” Dean purred cheekily. Castiel seemed at war with himself as he forced space between them. Dean pouted.
“You want me to hit him again, boss?” she sneered.
?” Dean hissed incredulously.
The kitchen was surprisingly empty when they entered, Dean thought for sure Sam would be having breakfast by now. Not that he really minded because it meant they were alone, which was lucky because Cas couldn’t keep his hands to himself. Even as Dean poured pancake batter into the pan, Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s waist. He watched Dean’s movements curiously with his chin resting on Dean’s shoulder. As if that wasn’t distracting enough, Cas’s wings were also wrapped around him.
Handing Jack a knife, Dean instructs him to cut the log into twelve small pieces. They wind up a little uneven, but not so much so that they’ll bake funny. Jack places them one-by-one into a new pan.
Besides, Jimmy seemed like the kind of guy who would’ve endured the chaos of a dozen eight-year-olds screaming about stuffing and costumes if it meant his little girl was happy. Whatever. It doesn’t matter who told Jack about Build-A-Bear, because this is the third time this week the kid has not-so-subtly dropped it into conversation.
“Have at it,” he tells her as he abandons the station.
Claire shakes her head, raking the brush over the turtle a little more aggressively. “My mom didn’t pack a whole lot for me when she abandoned me at my grandma’s. I went back to our old house after grandma died, but I guess the bank took it back or something. I don’t know what they did with all our stuff.”
Dean pulls some of the wrapping paper away from the side of the box, so he can read the information printed on it. It’s meant for kids eight-years-old or older, but apparently it cooks the food with a lightbulb, and Jack has better small motor skills than most, so Dean figures it’s safe enough for him to use. He’s not positive the food will be safe for them to eat, but at least Jack’ll have fun making it.
Whatever witty response Dean had prepared gets sucked straight out of his brain at the mention of that phrase. He’s going to
“Your face’ll get stuck like that,” she says, still not looking at him, seriously,
“You have to make a wish,” he says gravely.
Cas doesn’t have a whole lot of stuff, so Dean figures they can probably get him all moved into Dean’s room in an hour—
Grumbling, Dean does as he’s told and settles as comfortably as he can in one of the recliners with Cas. Sammy and Eileen are in the other one, with Jack stretched out on his stomach on the floor, using his hot pink sloth to prop his chin up. Huh. Maybe they should start keeping an eye out for more furniture in second-hand stores and left on the side of the road.
“First things first,” Dean explains. “We gotta turn the fan on.”
“Seriously?” Sam asks. “Are you
By the time the credits roll, Dean’s not sure if he’s just seen the best movie ever made or the worst. It was kind of horrible, but also Constantine is, like, the coolest dude in the world, but also Gabriel—seriously,
“Okay,” Dean says. “Who’s next?”
“Hey,” Dean says, a lightbulb going off in his head. “You wanna be in charge of his cake?”
“Is Claire okay?” he asks, gazing somewhere over Dean’s shoulder. Dean follows his eyeline and finds Claire next to Jack, the two of them considering the outfit options for their bears.
“Hey, uh,” Dean starts, licking his lips and trying to keep his voice neutral. “How many songs you got on this one, bud?”
They’re in the Dean Cave, Jack perched on one recliner and Dean and Cas stuffed into the other, watching one of those How to Train Your Dragon movies. Dean’s not sure which one of the three it is, but Jack
“Start by shaking your heart to wake it up,” she instructs, and Dean complies. “Slap it to give it a heartbeat… rub it on your furry friend’s chest so they’re full of love… on their back so they always have yours… your head so they’re as smart as you are… and your toes so they’re totally awesome, just like you. Alright, now close your eyes and make a special wish.”
Sam and Eileen appear in the doorway a minute later, Eileen smiling big and signing
“You betcha!” Jack agrees, and Dean makes a mental note to keep him away from Donna and her ridiculous accent for the rest of the afternoon.
“Of course,” Cas answers.
“Mhm,” Jack hums, trying to look casual and failing spectacularly. Dean’s pretty sure the kid’s
Dean makes eye contact with him in the rearview mirror. “We’re not done yet,” he says, with a wink.
There’s a halo held above the turtle’s head by a piece of wire. Dean flicks it. “Yeah, that doesn’t surprise me.”
“There’s, uh,” Dean says, “Turn the page.”
And he does. The things he did when he had the Mark… He’s done his best to atone for them, and he’ll keep doing so until his time finally comes, and probably even after that, too.
“Cool!” Jack says, genuine, and Sam breathes a sigh of relief. “Thanks!”
Dean closes his eyes and considers his options. He doesn’t doubt that Jack’ll know if his wish is bullshit, but, honestly, he’s not really sure what to wish for. He’s got just about everything he could ever hope for nowadays—Cas, his family, his freedom. What else is there?
“Hey, kiddo,” Dean replies. “You wanna bring these in for me?”
Dean smiles and holds his palms out as if to say
judgmentally.
Jody and Donna take turns hugging him next, wishing him a happy birthday and asking if he was surprised. Jack nods vigorously and tells them all about his surprise breakfast, too. Dean catches sight of Cas watching Jack talk to the girls—Cas has got this awestruck smile on his face, half euphoric, half disbelieving, like he can’t completely comprehend the kid in front of him. Dean thinks he knows the feeling.
“Goodnight, Dean,” he mumbles.
bad. What the hell, though. It’s the kid’s birthday. Dean can suck it up for a few hours. Or, well. One play-through, at least. He’s only human, after all.
Dean turns to look at her and finds she’s already looking up at him, eyes glassy and bottom lip wobbling. He’s about to open his mouth to say something, anything, he has no idea what exactly, just something to keep Claire from looking as lost and lonely as she does right now, when they’re interrupted by Jody and Donna.
“Well, if you can’t get off the struggle bus with that one,” Claire says, “then I picked out some shirts you could go with instead.”
and his palm feels warm against Dean’s lower back.
“Yeah,” Jack says. “The filling wasn’t as hard as I thought.”
“Does this mean I can make burgers now?” Jack asks.
“You gotta dress him at the changing table,” Jack informs him, dragging him by the sleeve to an available station. It’s about two feet too low for Dean to use comfortably, but that doesn’t seem to cross Jack’s mind.
Jack measures the ingredients three times each just to be safe and stirs the mixture in the bowl carefully, so nothing splashes over the sides.
“That’s mine,” Claire says, and she rests her chin in her hand, elbow on the table, to watch Jack open it.
effort for him to tear his gaze away from the television to look at his boy.
Dean’s not sure what he’s about to say next, but it’s going to be
“We’re here for Jack’s birthday party,” Dean informs her. “And this here is the birthday boy.”
“I have to go do something,” Dean announces.
“Everything okay?” Jody asks, and when Dean turns to face her, she’s staring at him like he’s grown a second head. Hell, he can’t blame her. They’re in a friggin’ Build-A-Bear—no one should be crying right now.
“You go start Baby,” Dean says, handing Sam the keys. “I gotta check on Cas.”
Cas’ sigh is long-suffering, as if making out with Dean is a chore and not something he himself instigates more mornings than not. Dean rolls onto his back and tugs at Cas until he gets the memo, lifting a leg and shifting his weight as he straddles Dean’s waist. He braces his forearms on either side of Dean’s head and leans down, slipping his tongue into Dean’s mouth. Dean hums and slides a hand up Cas’ back, settling it in the center in-between his shoulder blades, palm heavy and fingers spread. The first time Dean had gotten Cas out of his shirt, he’d been surprised to find that the skin there was smooth, no scar leftover from Lucifer’s blade slicing through the flesh.
“My dad didn’t,” Dean starts, and then he doesn’t quite know how to finish that sentence. He tries again. “Mom was a touchy subject, growing up.”
“Jimmy was, too,” Claire admits, voice quiet. “She used to get so mad when I brought him up that first year he was missing.”
After, Dean dries off and passes his towel to Cas, who has a tendency to forget to come prepared with his own. Dean pulls on his boxers and jeans, admiring the view as Cas runs the towel through his hair and down his body before wrapping it semi-securely around his waist so as not to scar the rest of their family on his trek back to his bedroom. He gives Dean another kiss before he goes, and it’s a testament to how much Dean loves their son that he pulls back before they get carried away again. Once Cas is gone, Dean brushes his teeth, puts on some deodorant, and pulls his henley over his head. He stops by his own room to lace up his boots and unplug his phone from the charger. He’s got emails from Build-A-Bear and the bakery, confirming both the party and the cake. They should be just about good to go.
Dean nods.
Dean makes sure Jack isn’t back in earshot and says, “Planning Jack’s party.”
There are enough computers for almost everyone in their group to use their own, save for Sam and Eileen, who squeeze onto one chair together, Eileen balanced on Sam’s lap. Dean wolf-whistles as payback for earlier, and he counts it as a success when Sam gives him the bitchface in response.
“So, what’s this movie about?” she asks.
“Jesus,” Claire breathes.
Dean bursts into the library, which he finds empty save for Eileen. She notices him in her periphery and looks up, an amused smile on her face.
“Are you serious?”
“Nah,” Dean says, even though a monkey cowboy sure is tempting. “Don’t wanna steal your thunder. I bet we can find something just as cool.”
“You ready for the heart ceremony?” she asks, faux-retail-enthusiasm dripping out of her voice.
Jack pulls the door shut, turning the knob at the last second so it doesn’t click. He shuffles his feet, twisting his fingers nervously around the waist-tie of his
“Hey, buddy,” Dean calls to Jack, seated at the table with his brand-new art kit and a bunch of construction paper. “You tryin’ to kill me?”
“Yeah,” she says, not looking up from her task. “There was one in Peoria, like an hour away. Had my birthday there when I was like five or six? I don’t know. I don’t really remember it. We had a bunch of pictures though.”
“I’m,” Claire says, heaving a shaky breath, “
“Well there’s one at some mall in Omaha,” Dean says. “Think you and Claire can make it? Donna, too, if she’s free.”
“Lady in the recipe video had a fancy brush,” Dean says, pouring the filling onto the dough. “But our fingers should work just fine.”
about it. He remembers planning surprises for Sammy when they were little—saving up quarters and sneaking off to the arcade the year he turned seven, or slipping a book Dean had seen Sammy admiring into his jacket before sprinting out of the store the year he turned twelve. There was only so much Dean could give him back then, hindered by lack of finances and transportation and a father who paid attention. Now, though, Dean’s got a wallet full of cash, a tank full of gas, and the freedom to give his kid the kind of birthday he deserves.
“I think that’s a lovely idea, Dean,” he says, turning his head to face Dean. His eyes go a little crossed as he stares down the slope of his own nose.
“Hey-ey,” Dean says, happy laughter bubbling out of his chest. “I like the way you think, kid.”
“Hey!” Dean argues. “I snuck in for James Bond.”
Cas smiles. “Sometimes.”
Dean lets out a deep breath. “I am now, buddy.”
“Ugh, never mind.”
Dean feels the hairs on the back of his neck stand up, and he glances up to find Cas staring at him from the other side of the kitchen. He’s got a soft smile on his face as he watches the two of them, and Dean finds himself reciprocating with a smile of his own. For a second, it’s like they’re the only people in the room—at least, until Jack excitedly announces that the cinnamon rolls are all iced up and ready to eat.
And boy, do they ever.
Cas chuckles lowly, and Dean feels the sound more than he hears it.
Jody glares at Donna as she says it, and Dean chuckles.
“Showing you Star Wars was a mistake,” he grumbles, even as he leans back down to kiss Cas again.
“Jimmy’s wallet,” he clarifies. He holds it up for good measure. Cas sticks out a hand, and Dean obliges him.
Claire hovers near one of the armchairs, her bag still slung over her shoulder. “Couch is new,” she says.
“Yeah, okay…” she says, not quite rolling her eyes, but he can tell she wants to.
“Would you like to add a sound effect?” Emily asks.
in yellow lettering. Jack holds it up to his body, and Dean gives it five minutes before the kid takes off his jacket and replaces it with his new sweatshirt.
“It’s got Rachel Weisz,” Dean adds, mouth full of popcorn.
“Sorry, Dean,” Jack says, not looking up from his drawing.
“Today was nice,” Cas says, as he lightly rubs Dean’s back.
“Sorry, what?” she asks.
“Next birthday’s gotta take it out,” she says. She looks up at all of them and gets a bit shy. “That’s what me and my parents always did.”
When Dean was fully seated on his lap once again, the entirety of Castiel’s length enveloped in that impossibly tight heat, they both paused relishing in the feeling. Castiel embraced Dean closely and the hunter wrapped his legs tightly around his hips, their foreheads pressed together causing their heavy pants to mingle. They stayed like this for a few moments, Castiel completely content to hold his mate in his arms for the rest of the night. But then Dean lifted his hips deliberately before quickly slamming them back down, changing Castiel’s opinion instantly. He needed more friction and Dean was only too happy to oblige, dragging himself over Castiel’s cock determinedly. Castiel’s own hips began to buck up in turn to meet Dean’s downward thrusts, their rhythm clumsy but effective. Castiel could feel his impending release building in his stomach and he hoped Dean was close too.
Dammit, he couldn’t even court Cas for a
do, he’s like a walking encyclopaedia. It’s kind of bruising my ego.”
“Hannah please, I didn’t mean to get in the way of your search. I don’t even have a say in what he does, he kind of controls himself. I’m just trying to help my brother be happy, that’s all. Don’t you want Cas to be happy too?” Sam pleaded with her.
Thankfully it seemed the further away from the bunker Dean drove, the dimmer the emotions in his head became. In fact, with the added distance of his own departure, they became so dulled he could barely register them at all even if he tried. But their absence didn’t quell the constant longing he felt from Dean. Even without the bond he could sense longing; it was a gentler, milder form of prayer.
“You shouldn’t neglect your needs, Dean. We can continue this later,” Cas ordered firmly.
“Are you kidding me? He barely even lets
to remove his shirt but it would make the job easier. When he looked up he found Dean staring at him and for the second time that night he wished he had access to the bond. The buzz was duller now, but it still obscured Dean’s emotions. Castiel couldn’t decipher what his lingering gaze meant. Was he disgusted? Fascinated? Surprised? Having second thoughts?
********
Castiel gave what he hoped was a reassuring smile, “Your brother’s soul has aided the healing process immensely. I should be completely recovered soon.”
It’s not like Dean hated Hannah or anything, he actually kind of respected her. She was obviously really dedicated to helping Cas and that made her good in Dean’s books. But the problem was she was
“You have to keep an open mind, okay? You were dying and there really wasn’t anything else we could do. Like you were on death’s door, man, it looked really bad. Sam and I looked everywhere for a cure, but we just kept coming up blank. That was when Sam came up with that stupid plan, I knew I should have listened to my gut but we had no other leads and-” Dean’s rambling became faster and he seemed more on edge the longer he spoke. Castiel decided to interrupt him before he hurt himself.
If a women wasn’t interested he didn’t pester them and simply went on his way. Since he knew many women automatically feared men they didn’t know, with good reason, he always tried to make his presence as non-threatening as possible. If he ever bought them a drink, he made sure they could clearly see it being made and did his best not to handle it even once. And finally, he always made sure to ask if they preferred to go to their place or a hotel, since many women didn’t want one night stands to know where they lived.
Dean desperately tried to deny his body’s obvious interest as he felt the stirrings of an erection. Goddammit, he knew this was wrong. He couldn’t get off to thoughts of his best friend. But a traitorous voice in his head decided now was a good time to remind him Cas was his
two weeks,” Gabriel informed him.
Sam visibly hesitated before admitting, “He’s at a crossroads.”
Cas was silent as he stared at Dean, complete disbelief covering his features before becoming quickly replaced with outrage.
Gabriel looked affronted, “Why should
“Holy crap,” Charlie breathed when he was finished, “you guys never have a dull moment, do you?”
They worked in silence for the rest of the night, Hannah occasionally glancing at him worriedly. Thankfully she didn’t bring any of her concerns to light and Castiel appreciated the space. He wasn’t sure he could decently explain his troubles without confessing the whole truth. Knowing Hannah she would likely withdraw from pursuing Dean in an attempt to please Castiel and, although the concept was extremely tempting, he couldn’t allow her to give up her chance at happiness for his sake.
Sam’s frown softened and he loosened his grip on the archangel.
Dean and Cas had never been physically close, save for one or two reunion hugs and Dean cradling Cas’s dead face in his hands. Dean shuddered at the memory and desperately pushed it aside along with dream Cas’s cold dead eyes and sludge ridden corpse. It worked just barely, leaving only a mild uneasiness that churned within Dean’s stomach. He ignored the feeling, choosing instead to focus on one internal crisis at a time.
However Crowley seemed to be growing impatient quickly, fingers tapping against his knee steadily.
It was then that it hit Sam why Hannah’s feather had looked so familiar. It looked just like the quill Gabriel had given him, except his quill was much larger and gold.
Actually, feeling Dean long for him wasn’t anything new to Castiel. He’d experienced it many times over the years, much more often than he knew Dean would ever admit. Which was exactly why he’d decidedly never told him, knowing the hunter would likely react negatively to the news.
(See the end of the chapter for
So this was supposed to just be an epilogue but turns out tying up loose ends takes a lot of word count. So much so that this is actually the longest chapter in the fic so far, ironically. But oh well, hopefully a giant chapter is worth the huge wait I put you guys through for this last chapter. My bad. Anyway enjoy guys!
“His grace is much too weak. If we were to wait for it to naturally recharge at this rate, the vessel would be lost to decay. We need to strengthen the bond and speed up his restoration process,” Hannah clarified. She was about to suggest they call Gabriel for assistance when Dean suddenly admitted, “I might actually know a way.” He pulled up his sleeve to reveal a handprint shaped scar on his left shoulder. Avoiding their eyes, as if embarrassed, he quickly added, “Castiel touched it once and, uh, well it definitely
Trudging into the empty bathroom, Dean locked the door behind him and unhurriedly began peeling off his clothing. A shower was exactly what he needed to sort out his head. He wanted to just wash away all the shit he’d been through these past few days. To finally relish in the fact that his right arm was now free of the ugly scar that’d been plaguing him for months.
Which was actually really starting to bite him in the ass, Dean realised later as Cas interrupted his “angel hug” with Hannah to flash him a curious glance. Which pretty much confirmed, much to Dean’s dismay, that yes the angel
And there was nothing he needed more right now than an escape. Leaning under the shower head, he tried to imagine the cold water was washing away all his thoughts. Forcing all thoughts of Cas or the bond from his mind. Dean slowly allowed himself to calm under the soothing pressure massaging over his scalp. He automatically ran a hand through his damp hair as he leaned back from the spray.
true, did that mean he
Dean emphasised his suggestion with a persistent grind of his hips against Castiel’s cock. Castiel’s hips jerked up without his permission in a primal need for more friction. Castiel couldn’t decide which of the two options sounded better and he groaned in indecision.
“Dean, sweetheart, wake up,” Castiel whispered in a gentle voice, knowing better than to attempt shaking the hunter awake. It took a few more attempts but eventually Dean was roused from his slumber. There were tears gathering at the corners of Dean’s eyes as he blinked groggily up at him.
His strange behaviour unnerved Castiel. What could Dean possibly want to show him that would have him this nervous? Dean clenched his fists by his sides, suddenly looking determined. He began to leave the room, only looking back expectantly when Castiel had failed to follow him.
“But Cas flew last night…” she murmured.
“Patience Sammy, just a few more minutes.
I hope you enjoyed this chapter. I made it a bit longer than usual because I'm coming up into the last few weeks of University for this term and I'll be swamped with assignments for the next month. So it could be a while before the next update, I'm sorry!
Hope you guys enjoy it anyway xD
to choose a worthless, broken guy like me. Hell I’m worse than broken, I’m a fucking
“Crowley happened,” was Dean’s only explanation. He refused to tear his eyes away from Castiel for even a second. Charlie and Sam shared a concerned look behind his back.
It was at that exact moment, however, that the bunker door decided to slam open, echoing loudly through the halls of the bunker. Before their lips could even touch the commotion startled them apart, jumping to the far reaches of their respective sides of the couch like a pair of guilty teenagers. Dean’s voice frantically called Hannah’s name at the same time Charlie grumbled, “Fricking cock-blocking Winchesters, every damn time” under her breath. However, any irritation they might have felt at being interrupted instantly vanished when they caught sight of Castiel’s unconscious body in Dean’s arms. He cradled the angel against his chest as he descended the stairs, as fast as he could manage while supporting another full grown man, with Sam anxiously following behind him.
everyone just wants to dwell on the past. It doesn’t matter what I do, it’ll never be good enough for him!
“She used to work for an old enemy of mine before the fall. Heartless corporates, the lot of them. They did some really messed up stuff to their own kind, their brothers and sisters. Whether she was personally involved or not I don’t really care. She’s guilty by default, they all are,” Gabriel scowled, it was the most serious he’d looked in a long time. Sam almost regretted asking.
I do, Sam! I’m sick of hearing about this marriage crap, if you mention it
(See the end of the chapter for
voyeur you know. And stop interrupting, I’m not even at the best part yet!”
Hannah’s eyes widened and she lowered her blade instantly, “Gabriel?”
“Don’t think I’m not still pissed that you lied to me. This is war now and I have a fully powered angel on my side. Cas and I are going to get you back so bad it’ll make all of our previous prank wars look like child’s play. You hear that Gabriel you son of a bitch, that goes for you too!” Dean yelled towards the ceiling. Honestly he didn’t know whether yelling at someone counted as praying or not, but he decided it was worth a try.
Cas’s handprint sat on his shoulder, exactly where it had been almost six years ago, as if it’d never been healed at all. He traced the raised flesh curiously, finding that it didn’t even hurt, instead a small shiver ran up his spine at the touch. Dean imagined he could almost feel Cas’s grace tingling underneath the skin, even though he knew such an idea was impossible. His arm would burn right through, just like poor Pamela’s eyes.
, hastily he pulled back his right sleeve to reveal an unblemished forearm, the mark was gone. The ritual had worked!
Standing there awkwardly, Castiel realised he wasn’t sure what to do now that he was there. He had wanted to comfort Dean, but it became clear he wasn’t exactly sure what that entailed.
Dean’s eyes were instantly drawn to Cas’s wings, compelled by the thought of finally touching them.
Castiel’s mind was racing with this new information, with the revelation that came from what he’d just heard. He’d been such a fool, how could he have been so blind all this time!? All those years of constant longing, the intense stares between them and Dean’s recent erratic behaviour; suddenly it all made sense. That day Dean hadn’t been jealous of
“Not literally, man. I just mean let’s get stupid drunk,” Dean clarified.
“Eat first, then we can talk about your other needs,” Cas insisted, emphasizing his statement with another deep kiss before pulling away resolutely. Dean tried not to pout, knowing it was useless to complain further.
Sam caved under the force of his gaze, nodding resignedly.
Gabriel contemplated that for a moment before his eyes widened in delight.
he’ll be even more pissed off to know that Cas is only sticking around to heal himself,” Sam replied skeptically.
“It’s no big deal, really. Seriously, I don’t mind,” Dean told him, trying to appear indifferent. Meanwhile it took everything he had not to reach out and drag his fingers through the alluring feathers. He thought it was hard not touching them before, but now that he knew what they felt like it was almost torture. Maybe he should ask about grooming Cas’s feathers, it
Castiel froze, eyes going wide. His grip on Dean tightened slightly.
Dean frowned, “That’s bullshit, Cas. I don’t want you sacrificing yourself for me. I need you to promise me you won’t do reckless stuff just to save me anymore, okay?”
“So I, ah, have something I want to show you,” Dean informed him, avoiding his eyes and nervously rubbing the back of his neck.
Stepping back, Castiel hoped he hadn’t offended Hannah with his behaviour. He had simply needed to test his theory. And there was no doubting it as Dean’s relief washed over him almost as soon as he moved out of Hannah’s personal space. This was quite a surprising development, Castiel mused.
However, glancing at the girl beside her again, Hannah found herself almost curious. What would the girl say about humanity? Would she tell Hannah it was worth it? Enjoyable? Hannah was surprised to find she desperately wanted to know this girl’s opinion more than anyone else’s. She had to remind herself she barely knew Charlie. But her grace flared indignantly inside her at the thought. As if to say its brief contact with Charlie’s soul had been more than enough to know her. Her grace was drawn to the girl like a moth to a flame and that fact scared Hannah more than anything ever had.
Dean was already shaking his head half way through her ‘rejection’.
We’ve got both Heaven and Hell on our side, nothing in this world could tear me away from you.”
have to stand by it. God, I didn’t even ask him first. I married the dude
He caught Sam looking at him inquiringly and knew he must’ve been caught scowling at the two. He tried to school his expression, knowing their actions were invisible to Sam and he would only see Hannah and Cas talking to each other with a few paces between them. It suddenly made Dean wonder how often Cas had been doing stuff like this with his wings, right under their noses.
wing oil no less. The idea was so dirty, so
“Look Sasquatch, don’t be such a downer. Without me you wouldn’t know all the dirty goss happening right under that oblivious nose of yours,” Gabriel complained.
Gabriel’s eyes sparkled as he stopped speaking, a grin spreading across his face.
If he wished to stay in Dean’s life he’d have to accept that Dean was his friend only and nothing more could come between them. Perhaps his feelings would fade after time, Castiel reasoned. Though he knew that was unlikely, his love for Dean rivalled that of his love for God, which had lasted countless millennia no matter how one-sided it often felt.
you and your brother aren’t a bunch of experimenting dicks like the last “Masochists of Letters”. Well not as
Dean had almost forgotten Cas could read his emotions now. Did that mean he could also read his mind? Did he know what the dream was about? Dean flushed at the thought, remembering the start of the dream. That in itself would have been an unsettling dream, even ignoring the horrific turn of events.
Until now, of course. But he had realised it too late. Perhaps he could have had a chance with Dean once, but he couldn’t pursue him now. He would never sabotage Hannah’s chance at happiness and he especially wouldn’t sabotage
“I was making sure everything was alright,” Castiel admitted, “You were exuding some…alarming emotions.”
It was no surprise Dean was disturbed by his wings in comparison. He wished he could somehow remove Dean’s sight once again, but the bond made that impossible. Worse still, he would have to be cautious of how close he got to Dean since his wings took up so much space. Dean’s previous warnings about ‘personal space’ now seemed even more pertinent.
********
“But I don’t understand. He cured me, did he not? I no longer feel the burning of another angel’s grace inside me,” Castiel announced gratefully.
,” Charlie ranted looking slightly crazed for a moment and then appeared to pull herself back together again, “Sorry, got a little carried away there. But seriously what has
Dean forcefully shook the thoughts from his head. He’d left the bunker to clear his mind, not to wallow in regrets. He’d have plenty of time to do that later. Right now Dean just really needed to kill something. The fact that it was so conveniently quiet exactly when he needed a monster to hunt was so unbelievably typical. He could never catch a break. What did they expect him to do, lure them out with virgin sacrifices or something?
“Wait, Charlie,” Hannah said suddenly, just as she was about to press the ‘hang up’ button. She froze, catching the subtle change in Hannah’s tone.
The news almost caused Dean to have a panic attack right then and there. Sure he’d known that angels didn’t have ‘divorce’ but
Gabriel chuckled, “I’m pretty sure that ship already sailed, Sammy-boy.”
Dean thought about not answering, maybe pretending to be asleep, but he knew that wouldn’t be right. Despite his aversion to talking about his feelings, he knew Hannah wouldn’t bring the topic up for no reason. The angel had been oddly quiet, even more so than usual, and was clearly struggling with something personal. He had a feeling it wasn’t due to Cas’s condition, although that was likely not helping.
before his own brother!?”
the angels, Charlie decided.
“Which is why I suggest we find him and convince him to join us at once,” she declared confidently.
Cas had called Hannah, those two were pretty much inseparable these days. Dean tried to dismiss his growing irritation as lingering mistrust towards the other angel. Hannah had tried to convince Cas to kill him, after all. He had every right to dislike her.
“Where are they this time? Hunting a pack of werewolves? Vampires? Oooooh a rugaru? Wait, why’d they leave the angel at home?” Charlie teased.
would have enjoyed it, judging from the way just
that’s why,” Dean growled, “he ‘forgot’ to mention that this bond means I’m basically
Dean. Dean is the reason Castiel rebelled, he’s the one who introduced him to emotions and free will. He was determined to stay in Dean’s life for as long as he’ll accept him. Even if he had to pretend nothing changed. Even if he had to watch Dean court Hannah, all the while he would long it was him. Even if he had to watch the two of them be happy together every day for the next 60 years or so. Castiel could do that, just as long as he got to see Dean smile. It didn’t matter that he wouldn’t be the one who put it there.
,” Gabriel informed him casually.
who was making these needy noises.
“Please Cas, I wanna learn. I
,” he defended firmly. But Gabriel just shook his head quickly,
technically married. Now that his attempt at fucking away his problems had failed, all he could think about was just how terrible a plan this had been.
So I have a
“Honestly, by my knowledge you have unknowingly fulfilled many of the courting requirements already,” she admitted, “You have both proven countless times that you can protect your mate. You proved that your mate’s wellbeing comes before your own, by rescuing Castiel from purgatory at the risk of your own life. You have proved that you can provide for your mate by allowing him to stay at the bunker and sharing your food. The only things you have not done is offer a token of your affection, groom his wings and build your nest.”
