This was weird.
“Did you decide the flannel and tweed weren’t you?” Tony asked, curiosity clear in his tone.
If Tony happened to be keenly aware that Steve was probably drawing him right now, Steve didn’t seem to notice, and besides, it’s not like this hadn’t happened every time Steve drew in the workshop. Tony just happened to know what his subject matter was now.
Thank you to everyone who read the first part and asked me to write a follow up! You all seriously inspire me to keep writing. I hope this does Steve justice.
Steve stood there a while longer, contemplating what Tony had said. ‘You should dress like that more often.’ He couldn’t help but smile to himself as he touched the worn cuff of his grey sweater.
Tony grinned at him, amusement playing on his face. He entwined his fingers with Steve’s.
At one point Steve half-thought Tony was going to reach out to touch the soft fabric of his sweater, but Tony kept his hands to himself.
“I didn’t think you liked the real me,” Steve could feel something just shy of electricity running through his veins.
Pages and pages of Tony’s mouth, hands, even his delicate ears.
Sometimes I think about calling. It’s always on me. One time I thought I had lost the phone. It had slipped out of my pocket and I didn’t notice for hours. And then suddenly it wasn’t there, and I had fucked up. And it felt like the world was crashing in.
“And then maybe a little of that scene you liked so much from Number 17.”
“So what’s with the jar of slime?” Steve finally asked, prodding the glass container with a tentative finger. The ooze shimmered, almost appeared to morph in response to his obstructed touch. “Don’t tell me that thing’s still alive in there?” His face scrunched up in distaste.
It made Steve’s palms itch to think about.
Steve kept teasing him through the fabric of his underwear, and it was ridiculously not fair. He wanted more, needed more, but it didn’t seem like Steve was in any rush to get to the main event. What a cock tease.
Occasionally he’d register Steve shifting in his chair, or a quiet cough or muttering, but mostly they worked in silence, lost in their respective work.
It wasn’t fair, it wasn’t. But Tony was not about to complain because Steve was going faster, putting more pressure on the underside of his tip with each upward stroke and he didn’t know how much more he could take until he lost it.
Steve had considered how he’d answer if Tony asked that question, and he’d settled on the truth, so he explained how Bucky had signed him up for it because he knew it had been a lean couple of months commission-wise and his savings account was drying up.
Tony let Steve guide him to one of the shared bathrooms, where they kept first aid supplies. Steve set to work, focused on cleaning the wound and dressing it, while Tony took in his outfit, clearly fascinated by the style choice.
Steve pulled out his phone, glanced at the message from Bucky wishing him luck, and sighed. He put it back in his pocket and settled into in his stiff wire chair. It was comically too small for him. Little did he know that one of the reasons this location had been chosen because he was such a big guy and their chairs were spindly and uncomfortable.
So they joked around and teased each other and Tony pretended not to notice the way his heart raced when Steve gave him small shy smiles, pretended not to love Steve.
It was himself, in soft blacks and greys of the charcoal Steve often worked in. Tony hunched over his desk, eyes concentrated on the containers of various chemicals before him, his delicate hand grasping at a pipette. His features were gorgeous, a striking mixture of hard lines and soft curves. Steve had apparently paid special attention to his lashes and lips, they glinted in the drawing’s light source and gave him an almost ethereal appearance.
Steve was speechless and could feel the heat rising in his face.
And he really was run-down after all the excitement today. Sleep would him good, he had to remind himself. No use in working himself ragged when he could approach the project with fresh eyes tomorrow. This was progress, he realized. A year ago nothing could have dragged him away from his work. Now he was willingingly following Steve, and it felt right.
Steve smiled down at him, “Don’t most people sit at a desk or stand at a white board to work through math problems?”
Clint and Bruce were camped out in the kitchen, looking groggy and bemused when they spotted Steve.
Still, he crouched behind the chair, just in case someone happened to walk by and take an interest in what he was looking at.
The cover had a lurid illustration of two men embracing. There was a brawny shirtless man in a kilt, with flowing blonde hair and a rugged beard. And the other one was smaller, more slender with short cut dark hair, a sleek collared shirt and slacks. His ass was incredible. They were clearly caught in a moment of passion.
Single.
Steve’s mission as Captain America had never really been his from the start. He could recognize now that he was a pawn from the get-go. But Tony. Tony had seen destruction and cruelty in the world, had recognized his own involvement in contributing to it, had raged against the man he’d been. People liked to talk big about Tony being the man he is today because of Howard’s money and last name, but he was so much more than that. He was his own creation. He’d torn down the man the world knew him to be, and rebuilt himself from the parts. And it made Steve ache with want.
Every single page was filled with Tony.
They turned to see Natasha a few feet away, a plate of food splattered on the ground. She didn’t seem to care about it, as she called out, “Sam, Clint you owe me money!”
Today I saw you on the news. Some filler story about your ongoing green initiative. You looked happy. Are you happy? I hope you are.
Steve would straddle Tony from behind, grinding just a little against his gorgeous ass.
And the fact that the very object of his sudsy fantasies was still showering was not lost on Tony. In all reality Steve was probably just grossed out from the result of the fight and was making good on his statement about taking a long hot shower to get clean. But part of Tony wanted to believe that Steve was having a little fantasy time himself.
Tony was funny and incredibly smart. He somehow managed to toe the line between cocky and self deprecating in a way that Steve knew there was more to him than he usually let the world see. He spoke passionately about his research and wanting to change the world for the better.
They were standing in the middle of what used to be a busy New York intersection, but was now mostly rubble and a surprising amount of the same green goo that was splattered over both of them. Tony had it worst, it clumped in his hair, oozing slowly down his face and neck.
I’m still pissed as hell. The fact that you lied for god knows how long. Looked me in the eye and pretended you knew nothing. Fuck. I don’t get it.
Tony paused, seemed to contemplate Steve’s outstretched hand for a moment, then shook it, smiling in return. “No, it’s my first time too, looking for love on national TV, I mean.” He blushed a little, which only made Steve find him more attractive. “What made you wanna do this show?”
And Steve just laughed, a quiet, nervous laugh, and bent down to touch his forehead to Tony’s, his bashful smile relaxing into an easy grin.
You were my friend. And you chose him.
He was kissing Steve Rogers. Correction, Steve had kissed him first, he was just returning the favor. And it felt so goddamn incredible that he briefly wondered why he’d spent the past few years doing anything besides kissing this gorgeous, perfect man. God, he really was an idiot, he’d been wasting his life before this moment, he thought to himself.
So he threw weeks worth of work on the ground, reveling in the way it echoed, and waited, knowing that Steve couldn’t resist telling him to respect the shared space of the compound. Fuck that. He had bigger plans.
“What--what are you?” Steve sputtered, glancing to Tony who looked confused, but also amused.
“Say, what did you think about the chapter in book 3 where they have to create that time loop?” Steve looked at Tony, eagerly awaiting his reply.
Just as he was considering texting Bucky an update, the door burst open and he turned to see a dark haired man stumble in, clearly disheveled. He was shorter and leaner than Steve, with a carefully manicured goatee and mustache, maybe a couple years younger than him. His clothes were rumpled, but clearly much more expensive than anything Steve owned. His flashy sneakers and big sunglasses were probably worth far more than the rent money he was doing this show for.
-Steve
Bruce glanced again at Steve and said, “His sweater doesn’t have elbow patches,” before returning his focus to his large mug of coffee.
When he finally closed the pages on the most current book, he felt a pang of sadness. He’d grown to really love and care about these two idiots in love.
He was straight up rambling now, his usual collected charm totally gone. There was a wild look in his eyes and he seemed anxious to get Steve out of the room.
Tony gently took his hands, pulling them back from his face. “It’s cute that you think we’d ever have a choice in that. You know them, they’re all gossip hounds, Nat and Sam especially.”
Tony groaned, “You can’t go quoting Sawyer lines at me, Steve, that’s not fair.”
Just as he was considering getting up to find a waiter, he heard Tony scoff and mutter under his breath, “Probably expect me to pay, don’t you? Just using me as a free meal ticket aren’t you?”
Tony laughed, the sound growing from a tentative chuckle to something real, and warm. “You’re not wrong. You’ll just have to wait a while. He comes back in the one where they have to slay a dragon. I think it’s number 17?”
They continued talking, and Tony found himself settling into the ease of the conversation. Steve talked a bit about their friend Sam, who worked at the hospital, and about his hobbies. He was a painter, apparently. Had always loved art as a kid, but didn’t start pursuing it seriously until after coming back from the war.
“Ouch, you hurt my pride, Steve. Besides, you know that my one true love is Rhodey Bear. Too bad he’s off cavorting with Carol and doesn’t have time for me anymore.” He gave a mock pout and batted his eyelashes.
Steve spent the next day curled up on the living room couch, working his way through books 4 and 5. Book 5 had dragged a little, and the side plot involving Brock was funny, but a distraction from what he really wanted to read about: Tristan and Sawyer.
“No, I don’t think I will, honey-bear,” Tony hummed happily.
“Me too,” Tony’s soft smile deepened when he finally took in Steve’s outfit. “You’re back to being you.” He sounded mildly surprised. “I always did like that shirt.”
Steve,
And it was easy. Easy to love him. Easy to tease him and flirt and wish for more. Easy to imagine what their life could be like if he had the guts to tell him. Easy to imagine what it would be like for Steve to love him back.
Then he offered his hand to Tony, the implication clear on his face. He wanted Tony to clean off his hand, to lick him clean of Tony’s own come, and that was perhaps the hottest thing Tony could possibly imagine in this moment.
Steve set the book on the living room coffee table, staring long and hard at it, before retreating to his room to change.
“Weird how?” Nat called back, her eyes still focused on the peaches she was chopping.
Steve winced in sympathy, and said, “Yeah, Bucky’s missing an arm, but there’s not really a chance it’ll grow back, so they’re looking into prosthetics options.” He looked uncertain, worried that his joke may have crossed a line or hit a nerve, but his expression relaxed when Tony burst out laughing.
Steve let out a jutting breath, as if trying to regain control of himself. That gave Tony all sorts of filthy ideas, and he ground against him once more, this time slower, more sultry. He bit his lip just enough to catch Steve’s attention, and the hungry look that flashed across his face made Tony’s cock pulse.
I don’t know if I’ll ever stop apologizing. Maybe one day I can say it to your face. Maybe one day I won’t need to apologise anymore. But for now, I hope you know I’m sorry.
Tony grasped onto his warm, large hand, noting how soft it was, and the title of his book, ‘The Private Lives of The Impressionists.’
Tony lost track of time, and it wasn’t until Steve was prodding him gently that he was stirred from his laser-focus. Steve looked exhausted, and Tony suddenly felt the way he looked. He’d poured all his energy into the battle and the synthesizing process afterwards. He hadn’t stopped to consider the strain today had put on his body, and he was grateful to Steve for keeping him in check. He’d probably have worked another 12 hours if not for him.
And sometimes I’m scared I’m becoming exactly like him.
Tony’s eyes widened as he shuffled his feet uncomfortably. “I don’t really remember them all that much--,” his voice trailed off.
The next two days were relatively unremarkable. He helped Clint set up his outside archery range, and then helped move everything about 20 feet over after he’d decided the mid-morning glare was breaking through the trees too much at the original setup spot.
“And the outfits?” he asked Steve.
You know what the worst part of this is? Sometimes I’ll wake at night and want to call. Not to talk about anything that matters. No, sometimes I miss just talking. You always knew how to get on my bad side. But I even miss that. I miss you being right sometimes. I miss being friends. Because you were right. You were one of my only friends. And I’m sorry. I’m so so sorry.
And suddenly Tony was ripping something out of his ear, some kind of ear bud or hearing device, Steve couldn’t quite tell. He shoved the electronic piece into the assistant’s hand, and took off the mic pack they’d attached to him as well, dropping it to the ground with a loud clatter.
Eventually, Steve caught up to all the books that had been published so far. He’d been working his way tirelessly through them, eager to find out what happened next in the adventures of Tristan and Sawyer. If he happened to imagine that it was him and Tony traveling the multiverse on a quest to rid themselves of an evil curse, all the while falling more and more in love with each other, then that was his business. No one else needed to know.
This one certainly had that approach. He and Steve had tried to reason with it, tried to find out what it wanted. But what it wanted, apparently, was to destroy half of Lower Manhattan and use it’s many hosts up while it basked in the fun it was having. Tony felt a pang of regret that it had to end this way, but this Symbiote, with its oozing sludge and whip-like tentacles didn’t want to be reasoned with, and ultimately they had to do what they’d been attempting to prevent.
Tony slammed the book covers closed, obscuring the title with his broad hands.
A need to be close to Steve, to feel him deeper, to taste him more than he ever thought possible. Steve’s hands had settled on his hips, pulling him even closer, till Tony was half out of his chair.
“That’s tough to say, do any of us really get perfect, happy endings?” Tony mused.
And then they were kissing again, laughing and exploring the feel of each other’s bodies. And it was exactly what Steve had hoped this would be like. Maybe even better.
“Yes, but I’m not most people, and this is not most math problems. So an unusual problem requires an unconventional solution.” Tony’s eyes flickered up to meet Steve’s and he felt his pulse quicken.
He shifted again in the ornamental chair. It was starting to dig into his lower back and he wondered if he could ask the wait staff for a different one.
Wait, I forgot people don’t write ‘dear’ at the beginning of a text message. I know you were teasing me, but I’m regretting that I refused to let you teach me Text Skills 101. This would probably be a lot less embarrassing if I had let you.
He rubbed an open palm firmly across the spot he’d struck, soothing the sting with a murmured “There, there.” Tony wiggled, adjusting his wrists against the ropes wrapped around them.
In the first couple months Rhodey had practically thrown a hissy fit. He’d complained about not needing a babysitter, said Tony being there made him feel even more self conscious than he already was. He’d griped the whole ride over every time, meanwhile Tony hummed whatever AC/DC song was stuck in his head that day, pretending not to care. It didn’t really work.
“It’s just so unlike you, man. You used to drag my ass out of bed at 4 am on Sundays just to get to the trails before sunrise,” Sam insisted.
And beg he would. Tony would let out a gentle whine, a needy, mewling noise that only Steve knew. “Please,” he would utter breathily. “I need more, please.”
Once he was satisfied with his preparations, he’d rest a heavy hand on Tony’s back, guiding him forward and down onto the floor. Steve would love the way Tony’s plump ass was on display. He’d gently turn Tony’s face so he could see a little of what Steve was doing, taking care to make Tony comfortable while he laid there, his naked chest panting slightly against the ground.
He clicked out of that app, returning to the home screen.
When he reached the doorway, he gave a quick knock, expecting a response. When none came, he peered in through the opening. That was odd. Tony always kept the door closed.
Steve grunted in response, and then said “I hope so.”
He grimaced in the brightness and grumbled, “Jarvis, engage Total Eclipse Blackout mode.”
Tony’s grin was sunshine to Steve, he let it wash over him, basking in how good it felt to be the center of his attention.
He would give Tony instructions to stay still and quiet while he got things prepared. This was a test, and Tony was smart enough to realize it. But Steve still expected some push back. After all, it wouldn’t be Tony if he wasn’t pushing boundaries and buttons.
He had hoped that Tony would venture out and spot him reading the series. Maybe he’d be more willing to discuss their shared interest now that he’d had some time to process it.
I'm playing around with the idea of expanding this into another chapter or two. Let me know if you'd like to read that!
Steve knew he was being too hard on Tony. He could see it in the way Tony’s jaw would clench, how the tendons in his hands would protrude. He’d spent far too many hours studying the little changes in Tony’s body. They’d be 6 hours into a SHIELD debriefing and Steve would feel himself getting restless, legs aching to be stretched. And his eyes would wander to Tony. He’d studied the man with an artist’s eye. Or, at least that’s what he told himself it was about. Best not to think too hard about the fact that he had little interest in studying the minute movements of any of his other teammates.
“Who said love’s fair?” Steve grinned back.
And Steve saw the man he was now. Self-sacrificing. Generous. Deeply loyal. Those were all things he admired about Tony. Things that made him so attracted to him.
Steve ended up hovering outside Tony’s bedroom door, trying to pace as quietly as he could. He felt ridiculous and self conscious, and was debating giving up to go read volume 6, when he heard a crash coming from the opposite hallway, along with a long stream of curses.
The thought of it made Tony hard all over again, and he could imagine the look on Steve’s face as he finally gave in, finally let himself have the release he’d been chasing. His eyes would close with a slight pained expression, but his mouth would be quirked up into a lewd smile. He’d clench his jaw and let it ride through him like waves, not stopping his frantic hand until he’d milked every last drop from his swollen cock. He’d lean back against the wall of the shower, panting a little, half delirious from the high of coming. And the water would keep rushing over his sculpted body, washing away the remnants of soap as he came down from euphoria.
So he pushed too hard when Tony was reckless. Didn’t cut him any slack when he dozed off in meetings or was distracted with plotting out new schematics. He didn’t like having to do it, but it was an easy role to be in. Comfortable, even. He was Captain America, and he knew how to take charge of an unruly soldier.
“You were always too busy talking to notice”
Plausible deniability, maintain plausible deniability, he thought to himself.
Tony grinned up at him, and replied “You wouldn’t want my gorgeous face to be ruined.”
“My pathetic attempt to get your attention,” he ducked his head, not wanting to have to admit this.
Tony would be livid if he knew Steve was touching his things, but he’d also been the one to hide it in a planter pot, so Steve decided that balanced it out.
It honestly reminded Tony of himself, who had taken to staring blankly at his phone so he looked like he wasn’t sulking. Meanwhile Tony’s mind had been blank, save for thoughts of
Tony would want to talk, to make a snarky remark about Steve’s choice of rope, or the cologne he wore--but one stern look from Steve and Tony would quiet, gulping back his chatter. Steve would feel pride swell in his belly, knowing that he was the only one who could make prattling Tony Stark stop and think twice. He’d kiss Tony on the forehead, loving and sweet. He wanted to reward Tony’s good behavior, but if getting him there took a little punishment, so be it.
He probably wasn’t Tony’s type, but something in his head told him he had to at least try. That he’d spend the rest of his life regretting it if he didn’t.
-Tony Stark.
He wanted to know what it was like to make Tony submit. To make him shut up for once in his goddamn life. To make that pretty mouth moan his name.
“A long time coming.”
“Spoilers!” Steve blurted out, jokingly covering his ears.
I can’t decide if everything that happened between us was a mistake. Maybe we were destined to end on these terms. We certainly were headed down this path. But know that I regret how it ended. When I needed you to pull me back, needed you most of all, you pushed me over the edge. Guess I always thought you’d be the one to stop this in the end. Guess I was wrong.
“Language.” was Tony’s cheerful response.
Eventually, Steve broke the silence, setting his pens and the sketchbook down on the cold slab of floor with a quiet thud. “You saw it, right?” It was barely more than a whisper, but Tony knew he’d heard it correctly.
He stumbled into something that approximated a cohesive outfit and walked to the workshop, rubbing the sleep from his eyes and popping his neck to get the crick out.
“That’s what I thought, hm?” Steve kept eye contact with Tony, whose head was still turned sideways, one cheek against the floor. “Maybe my methods outside the bedroom aren’t enough, it seems like you need to be held accountable for your words and actions. Punished, one might even say.”
“Can I come in, I just wanted to return this last book.”
Love, Steve
They stood there for a moment, the silence stretching between them. He was suddenly uncomfortably aware of how close they were.
-quell
“See, I used to be a Monday and Wednesday kinda gal, but we recently had to make the Tuesday/Thursday switch to accommodate another doctor’s schedule. Is it worth it?” Tony joked back.
Steve was glad he’d saved them though. He’d kept meaning to donate them some day, but they were exactly what he needed.
They debated which restaurant to go to, and as always Tony advocated for the cheapest, greasiest hole-in-the-wall gem while Rhodey insisted he “just wanted a salad for once, please Tony, please just eat something green,” as they left the waiting room.
I don’t know why I’m writing this. Not even sure I’ll send this. Letters really aren’t my style. But they’re yours. I know you never really got the hang of email. So writing this on paper made sense at the time.
She nodded, bending down to clean up the mess she’d made, “I’ve had money on this for at least a year. Honestly we were starting to get bored of it until Steve decided to play dress up. Then Bruce and Thor decided to finally get in on it. I was starting to worry you idiots would never get together. I better go tell the rest so we can sort out who owes who what.” She gave a cheerful wave, and started walking away, then called back to them, “Rhodey will be pissed. He bet it would take at least another 6 months! I can’t wait to see the look on his face.”
Clint was alright, and Natasha too. They were pretty funny when they weren’t fucking with him. And Thor had always been kind to him. He was a little out of touch, but Tony liked that. He liked that Thor wasn’t embarrassed by things he didn’t understand. And even Bruce, as shy and uncomfortable around them as he was, would liven up when faced with a scientific problem. They’d had enough late nights debating how to troubleshoot tech problems that Tony might even call him a friend. Maybe.
They waved goodbye, and Steve jogged back to the waiting room to find his friend Bucky waiting for him, if the soft sounds of, “Oh my god, Stevie, were you flirting with that guy?” were any indication.
He’d forgotten that it was locked. He’d been reading those books so long that he hadn’t even remembered that.
“Hey there, you okay?” Steve gave a little wave with his hand holding the newspaper to get Tony’s attention. It took a couple seconds, but the dark haired man finally looked up.
Fuck you. Fuck you and fuck Bucky Parent Killer Barnes.
I like to imagine you’d get these some day. Some well meaning historian would find these letters years after my death and would show them to you. And they’d probably write a whole book about my secret letters and the insight into our relationship they offer.
Forever yours, Tony
Steve had laughed hard at that, “I know exactly what you mean, Bucky threw a fit when I suggested using my savings to have him see a specialist at a private hospital. I gave up on that idea real fast, so we’ve been coming here ever since. Plus Dr. Cho is great. We’re lucky to have her here. I still worry so much about him, but the work they’ve done to help Bucky is incredible.”
He told Steve about how Rhodey had responded when he tried to take him to a different hospital.
The rest of the team had been surprisingly quiet on the matter as well. At first he’d been terrified that they’d catch on to his foolish plan, but short of a couple of jokes about Steve playing dress up, they seemed to shrug it off. They probably assumed he was trying to figure out how to fit in in the modern world.
“Yeah.”
Once Tony had closed his eyes again, Steve moved his hand to the other side, rubbing firmly, before striking once again. He kept up this pattern of rubbing between blows, varying which side he focused on. He kept a steady eye on Tony’s reactions, taking note of the pink blossoming across his ass.
Clint rolled his eyes, and sighed exaggeratedly. “You know what I mean. You look like you’re ready to go to a sock hop. Or maybe spank me with a paddle for not paying attention in class.” He laughed at his own joke, and Steve could feel his stomach churning with anxiety.
That’s what he was good at, right? Steve had made that perfectly clear. He was damn good at putting on a show. He’d always had a flare for the dramatic and Steve had never hesitated to complain. Loudly. In front of Tony and everyone on this goddamn team.
He wanted to make a show of it.
“Hey.” he said softly. “I’m sorry if I upset you. I thought we were having a nice time, but I feel like I did something wrong perhaps?” Steve could feel his face heating up as he spoke the quiet words. He really had been having a great time with Tony, had even forgotten about the cameras and production staff for a while there.
Steve,
He really had no one else to talk to, and he didn’t want to think too hard about how pathetic that made him.
The blonde man turned to look at him, surprised, but with a kind smile. “Only on Tuesdays and Thursdays, except for holidays. You?” His eyes crinkled in the cutest way, and Tony hadn’t realised how blue they were until now.
He could feel a tight strain in his lungs and finally broke away, panting and gasping as oxygen filled his lungs. He felt a pang of loss at the separation from Steve, and let his hands roam up his hair, playing with the silky golden strands. Steve had been growing it out, just enough that he had something to grip onto, thankfully, and he stood up fully now, peering up into Steve’s searching blue eyes.
The first book, The Lusty Billionaire and the Reluctant Botanist had been such a breakout success that the author had signed on to a massive book deal.
He tried on the outfit, choosing some khaki slacks to complete the outfit, and was stunned at the man reflected back at him. Steve hadn’t seen this version of himself in quite some time, and it was a good look. He felt sexy, even.
He’d stroke Steve’s cock, letting it drip and ache while he squirmed, on the verge of tears.
Mindlessly, he rutted up into Steve’s hand, chasing the sensation. He probably looked like a desperate mess, but he didn’t care, not when it felt this good.
Why? Why did you lie? What made you throw everything away for a man you hadn’t seen in 70 some years? I’m not sure I really want to know.
I had a dream last night that you were dying. You were dying and I couldn’t do anything to save you. That’s how it feels most days. Like I’m dying and I can’t do anything to save me. You were always the better one at saving people.
A you that maybe never really existed. I don’t know who the Steve I knew was. Maybe he’s different from Bucky’s Steve. Maybe none of them are the real you.
You’ve made me a better person, Tony. Knowing you, being friends with you--hell, loving you, has made me a better person.
Tony, I couldn’t bear to send the text message I wrote, so I’m trying this again. Maybe I’ll get it right this time. Maybe I’ll be able to fix things. Most of the time I worry we’re too broken to be fixed. But I think it’s worth trying. I hope it’s worth trying. God. I hope it is.
“So that was,” Tony finally spoke.
“Yes, I think that’s exactly what you need, to be taught a lesson about respect.” Tony’s whimper turned into another groan as Steve leaned down to whisper in her ear, “And if you’re very good I’ll even let you come.”
The next morning, he sifted through his closet, past his blue and red uniforms, and the modern jeans and henleys he’d taken to wearing on days off. He knew there were some sweaters stashed in the back, along with the button ups he’d preferred when he’d first awoken from the ice. They had been a source of comfort in this new century, something that felt familiar and safe. But over time he’d started feeling out of place in starched collars and wool. It was easier to blend in, not draw quite so much attention to his unusual circumstances.
I hate that it helps. I hate that I miss you. You always loved telling me when I screwed up, when my calculated risks had some poor math behind them. I always hated when you were right. Most times you were right.
“Been waiting an awful long time to do that,” Steve’s voice was rougher now, deeper and huskier than Tony had ever heard it before. And it did things to him, things to make him crave Steve so badly.
We were friends. At least I thought we were. We were friends.
You haven’t called. Did you forget about the phone? Did you chuck it in a drawer and wish you could forget? I think about this a lot. Have you moved on? Or does it haunt you the way it does me. Perhaps the answer is both. One day I’ll be able to forget for stretches at a time. One day it won’t hurt quite so much to think about. But that seems an awful long ways off. One day I won’t remember the exact look in your eyes the very last time I saw you. Maybe that would be a blessing. But I don’t think I want to forget. I need to remember. I felt so assured in that moment that I was doing the right thing. But then I met your eyes, and that confidence wavered.
It was just a fantasy though. Just a lustful desire that he’d never be able to act on.
And he’d realize just how much he liked being out of control. Tony could sense how much he wanted that sometimes. He knew it was part of the reason Steve had been so on him lately about getting in line. Because Tony made him want to be bad all the more. Steve was an all or nothing kind of guy. He followed the rules because the alternative was to burn everything down.
He jiggled his hand trying to get the sticky fluid off. It wasn’t particularly effective, and speckled even more across his Iron Man-suited torso. “Well fuck, somehow this stuff leaked into the armor and definitely drenched my suit. Brand new Tom Ford. Just had it custom made and I didn’t have time to get changed when we got the call. Don’t suppose dry cleaning would work, huh?”
It was peculiar, the wait staff had been almost overbearing before Tony arrived, constantly refilling his water when he’d hardly drank any, asking if he was ready to order every few minutes. But ever since Tony arrived they’d been out of sight. Come to think of it, he hadn’t seen anyone who worked here come out from the kitchen for quite a while. That irritated him even more. He was starving, and if he was going to be forced to sit here for god knows how long, at least he could get some food while he was here.
Page.
Steve’s hands roamed lower, lower, until they caressed the sensitive skin just above the waistband of his pants, and that hungry look deepened.
That just made Tony laugh even harder. “My apologies, I’ll try to remember next time. Let me know when you get to The Reticent Vampire, will you though? I have strong opinions about some decisions Sawyer made and I want to hear your take on it.
And a dirty, rough fucking seemed as good a place as any to start.
Still no response.
Eventually Tony settled into working on his plan, and Steve moved to a plush chair that he’d dragged into the workshop months ago. He pulled out a sketchbook and charcoal that he’d stashed as well, and began sketching.
Tony could hardly keep himself alive, Steve mused, so it fell on him to keep Tony from self-destructing.
Steve shuddered, trying in earnest to fling what once was the Symbiote they’d just fought off from his bare flesh. When they got the call that there was a disturbance in lower Manhattan, they knew some kind of green humanoid was rampaging, but they hadn’t expected it’s tentacle-like appendages or the thick mire that coated it’s amorphous skin.
They hadn’t done more than make out, but it was enough, for now. Steve figured they’d have a lot more time to figure out the rest.
Steve caressed each inch of his cock, exploring the shaft and the shiny, tender tip. He’d leaked enough precome that it spread easily down his length, and Steve took special care to circle the very tip with his thumb and let Tony’s slick coat them both, it was messy and sticky and Tony had never known how hot seeing Steve’s hand covered in his slick could be.
Ever so gently, he turned the page, his fingers trembling and heart pounding against his reactor. He knew this was wrong. Knew this might be a betrayal of Steve’s trust, but he had to know, had to find out if he was right about this.
“I think we did?”
Steve briefly considered going for a run, but he was far too full to manage that. No, he decided. He’d finally sit and read the paper like he’d planned.
Tony stepped closer, his chest jutting up against Steve’s, and gave a small thrust of his hips towards him as well. The resulting widening he saw in Steve’s eyes was well worth it. He ground against him, and could feel the other man’s hardness against his own.
The next few weeks passed, with Steve paying eager attention to what book Tony was working his way through, and trying his best to subtly adjust the way he dressed to match it. The spy attire had been a little more challenging to pull off, but he settled for extra tactical gear on missions and a sleek black robe when he was lounging in the living room. If Tony had noticed anything was different, he didn’t comment on it, other than the occasional “You look good today,” accompanied with a quick nod of approval.
Tony made a face as he spread out his fingers, watching as the goop clung to the metal gauntlet. The Symbiote was definitely dead, exploded into a billion fractions by a sonic amplifier, thanks to some quick thinking on his part. They’d never fought a Symbiote before, but he’d been keeping tabs on Eddie Brock and Venom ever since they came onto his radar, and he’d learned enough to know that the creatures hated certain ranges of sound.
And if Steve was being totally honest with himself, he’d imagined Tony during all those love scenes. Tristan was fiery and enigmatic. He was a passionate lover and more than a little kinky. Steve had found the dining room scene at the end of book two especially enthralling.
What I wouldn’t give to see that one last time.
But Steve was faster. He snatched up the book, and without thinking, examined the cover. Sawyer was wearing a tweed jacket with leather elbow patches and horn-rimmed glasses, while Tristan clutched a stack of textbooks in between them.
He hoped Tony would think so.
But Tony hadn’t denied that he’d read the series. Sure, he’d tried to downplay it, but he hadn’t denied it.
Rubbing at his eyes, he got out of bed and shuffled to the door.
He leaned into the embrace, hands winding around Steve’s neck, gently coming to rest in the hair at the nape of his neck. He smelled like lemons and sunshine. And he tasted even better. His lips were warm and wet and supple. Tony knew his own lips were probably a little chapped, but he pushed the thought out of his mind and focused on how goddamn good everything felt in this moment.
The next morning he popped out of bed, eager to put on the outfit he’d laid out the night before. The same khakis and tie, but this time he sported a white button up and tweed blazer. He briefly paused, considering the comment Clint had made yesterday about elbow patches, but shook off his worry and focused on getting the tie knot just right. ‘Let everyone else laugh, Tony seemed to like it, and that’s all that matters,’ he told himself.
That research morphed into Steve spending all night curled up in bed, devouring the first three books. They were hot. And funny. And Steve found himself relating quite a bit to the earnest, practical Sawyer. He had never meant to get caught up in a torrid love affair with Tristan, but Sawyer couldn’t help himself.
Steve shot him a warning glare, “And what would they think if they found out their favorite cocky billionaire was a nerd who spends most nights tinkering in his workshop when he’s not arguing with Clint over which Star Trek movie is superior? Would really put a damper on that playboy image if they knew you hadn’t been out on a date in years.”
Eventually they broke away, each gasping a little for air. Their cheeks were flushed and neither could help but grin at the other, happy and shy and excited all at once.
“Have you now?” Steve mused. “I seem to recall you being quite impertinent this afternoon. What was it that you said to me after the mission?” He paused for effect, as if he was struggling to recall. “Ah, yes, I believe you asked me if there was a stick up my ass that I required assistance in removing.” He ground his still clothed cock into Tony’s ass, and was rewarded with a guttural groan.
Fuck that. He was Tony Stark. Iron Man. Not Iron Soldier. And if Steve couldn’t see that, then that was his own damn fault. Fuck him.
Steve knelt to the ground, on the same side that Tony’s head was turned, and laid the implement next to him.
Steve had perfected every detail of his sculpted facial hair and the furrow in his brow when he was annoyed.
Thank you to everyone who asked for more. This is dedicated to y'all.
He realized Tony wasn’t going to back down, and even though he could have easily overpowered him, Steve sighed and resigned himself to making breakfast. Better to drop it now and ask Tony about this later. He clearly wasn’t getting anywhere.
The pink book lay in the pot, one of its’ corners shoved into the dirt. It clearly hadn’t been disturbed since Tony had thrust it so unceremoniously into the plant.
He’d nearly made it back to his bedroom when he realised he’d left his watch on the workshop table. He half-considered leaving it for tomorrow, but he felt a little naked without it, and it bugged him to not feel the cool weight of it against his skin. Tony sighed and doubled back to retrieve it, padding quietly in the dim hallways, careful not to disturb anyone’s sleep.
Steve would avoid asking for help, would pretend he didn’t actually want to watch the movie he was struggling to pull Netflix up to watch, or didn’t need help setting up an email account, but Tony knew he was avoiding things because it was easier than admitting he needed help. The world saw him as this big dumb blonde with sexy muscles, and while Tony had to admit the sexy part was spot on, Steve was anything but dumb. He could calculate the right angle and speed to throw his shield in his head, in the middle of combat. He could still quote practically every line from movies he’d grown up seeing in the 30s and 40s. And he could keep up with Bruce and Tony when they talked science, albeit with a few pauses on their part to explain the specifics of quantum theory and the like.
Steve blinked after him, in shock about everything that had just happened. Had he really just admitted to Tony that he’d read the books? This plan was already off the rails before it had even begun.
clothes.” He gestured lazily at Steve’s shirt and pants.
“Just trying to work out the math for a new prototype that’s resisting being built,” he said by way of an explanation.
Tony wasn’t quite sure when the switch flipped, but at some unremembered point it went from polite empathy to him actually caring for Steve. He found himself looking forward to talking to him. Would miss him when he had to travel for work. Would feel a sigh of relief when he got to see him again. He started waking up earlier to have breakfast with Steve. Stopped spending as much time in his workshop, stopped obsessing over work to fill the empty spots in his life.
Clint gave him an easy smile, kind and calming. “Take it easy, I was just fucking with you, man. It’s different, but it works for you somehow. I like it.”
“Errr, Tony. Stark. I’m Tony.” He could feel heat rising in his face.
He stared down at the numbers scribbled in tight, sharp writing. It was the most beautiful thing he’d seen in a while. “Thanks. I’ll text you for sure.”
Now Steve was kicking himself for not taking more of an interest. When he first met Tony he hadn’t cared much for him. And then, over time he learned more about the man under the suit. He caught glimpses of what Tony’s childhood had been like. The absent billionaire father and his mother who was trying her best to keep the family together. Tony had basically been raised by his butler. It was no surprise he’d named JARVIS after the only person who’d really looked out for him.
As he entered the living room, Steve saw Tony still settled into the plush chair, reading. He looked awful, to be honest. Like he hadn’t slept for days. This was no strange occurrence for him, but it was especially bad this morning. The bags under his eyes were becoming an odd shade of purple, and Steve didn’t know when he’d last eaten. He hadn’t seen Tony come out of his workshop for days. He was used to Tony’s bouts of obsessiveness. Hell, they all were. But this one seemed different.
“Has Tony seemed weird to you guys?” Steve had to raise his voice a little to be heard over the sizzling bacon.
Steve,
He’d even offered to build him some badass cyborg legs, which he made sure to remind him of today, but Rhodey had just rolled his eyes and told him to stop hovering as he wheeled himself down the hallway Tony was banned from.
Tears were running down Tony’s face, and before Steve could respond, he bolted out the door, leaving Steve in shocked silence. He sat there for a few long moments, processing everything that had just happened, and then he stood up and followed after Tony. He could hear the show people scrambling to figure out what to do next, calling out his name in a sorry attempt to get him to come back, but he didn’t give them any attention.
“Good boy,” Steve said happily, patting Tony’s cheek. “You’re already learning to be quiet unless you’ve been asked to speak.” Tony’s eyes closed, pressing his cheek up into the solid warmth of Steve’s hand. “Such a good boy,” Steve reiterated.
Steve glanced down at Tony again. His mouth was just slightly parted, looking innocent and sinful all at the same time. Steve wondered what it would feel like to kiss him. “Something like that. I thought it would be fun to be someone else for a while. Quite a few someone elses. But it never quite felt right. It was like I was wearing a costume, hoping if I looked the part I could be the person I wanted to be. Doesn’t work that easily I guess.” He couldn’t stop staring at Tony, shame filling his insides,
(See the end of the chapter for
I don’t know why I liked getting under your skin so much.
This was decidedly un-Tony-like. Steve frowned. Where was the confident, cocky man he knew?
He finally glanced at the alarm clock on his bedside table. 11:37 pm. He’d been reading for 11 hours. Had anyone even noticed he was missing?
Tony gave him a wink as he accepted the slip of paper, which looked like it had been ripped from a blank page in Steve’s book. He was feeling a little more back to his cocky self after seeing Steve blush so earnestly
(See the end of the chapter for
That made Steve burst out laughing, a throaty, deep sound that echoed in the alleyway. Tony gave him a shy smile, before cracking up as well. They laughed until they were panting for breath and leaned into each other, Steve feeling grateful for the solid weight of Tony’s body against him. It felt centering, grounding even.
Steve realized he was still holding on to the book, and released his grip, a wave of anxiety washing over him. “I always like the little references and cameos the author puts in. You can tell they care about the continuity of the series. It makes me think that the Goblin King from book 6 will make another appearance. It’d be a wasted opportunity to not bring him back.”
A creamy white page of Steve’s sketchbook.
Love, Steve
Special blackout shades covered the windows though, and he sighed in relief, snuggling back into his warm covers, letting sleep take him again.
Steve continued, “I’m just worried about him. He seemed so out of it. When was the last time he slept? What do you guys think?”
She followed him back to the table, which was now unoccupied. Tony was talking heatedly to one of the numerous production people, and it didn’t look like it was going well. He was clearly agitated and wasn’t liking whatever answer they were giving him. Steve planted himself firmly back into his chair, and could hear the metal legs straining against the weight of his muscles. He crossed his arms, and watched as Tony continued arguing in hushed tones with the glossy haired assissant who kept glancing anxiously at Steve. Tony was probably complaining to the show people about what he’d just said. Fine. Let him bitch and whine about Steve standing up for himself. He was pissed as hell that he’d let this guy treat him the way he had. And he was even more pissed because he’d been genuinely attracted to Tony before his sudden mood shift. He’d been hoping they could go out again, sans cameras and the at-home audience.
Steve gulped, heart hammering in his chest, “Or, or at least coordinate better for when we do run into each other. It’s probably hell on these hard covers.” He hoped Tony didn’t notice the way his hand shook as he handed the book to him. Or the way his eyes lingered on the cover. Volume 29: The Lusty Billionaire and The Christmas Lumberjack.
His hair was rumpled, still a little messy from sleep, and he was wearing his comfiest pajama bottoms. The ones with stripes that he’d had ever since he’d woken up from the near-70 year rest. They were getting old, holes in one of the pockets, and there was a little grease stain on the side from a day he’d forgotten about the bacon cooking and had to keep it from catching fire. But he loved these pants. They reminded him of a simpler time, and were one of the first things he’d ever owned in modern day.
Steve’s hand was covered, the milky white fluid cooling. He pressed his hand into Tony’s mouth, letting him taste. Tony, who was dazed and blissful, licked his fingers clean with a happy sigh. He settled into Steve’s hold, letting Steve rock him gently as he petted Tony’s hair.
“Fine by me,” Tony said, already too distracted by mentally planning out his first message to care what they ate.
“Yes?” Tony encouraged.
So maybe this blind date had been a disaster after all, and he was totally gonna make Bucky cough up the money he would have earned for putting him through that, but he’d met a really interesting guy, who’d felt awful about the things he’d been talked into doing. And besides, this would make a really great story to tell about how they got together.
He wanted this so badly, wanted to know Tony in a way no one else had, wanted to be given the trust he gave no one else.
He didn’t think the world would like the man he was under the uniform and muscles. He was terrified to find out.
Yours, Tony
“Have you seen the orange juice?”
Steve’s expression faltered when he noticed the sketchbook, cast aside in his sleepiness. He glanced at Tony, who was suddenly making himself very busy with his work.
Before Tony knew it, Rhodey was rolling back through the waiting room door, looking a little sweaty from the last hour of hard work, but pleased.
“So…” and Steve looked so shy, so cautious as he spoke that it made Tony want to laugh. How could he not know just how badly Tony wanted this too, especially after that scorching kiss?
“We’ve got to stop meeting like this,” Tony made a half-hearted attempt at a smile as he spoke.
Rhodey just sighed and said, “Somehow I found a way.”
But instead, he was staring at his phone’s home screen, fingers hovering over apps to be selected. But he just kept staring, unsure of what to do next.
And that would make Steve grin, a wicked thought in his mind.
Guess I wouldn’t mind that. I’d be dead so it wouldn’t really affect me. I’ve been thinking more about what I’d write if I were actually mail you something. But that’s too much to process. So instead I’ll just keep writing to the Steve in my head. My Steve.
A moment of panic flashed across Tony’s face. Steve grinned, amused that Tony hadn’t noticed him before, and asked “What are you reading? You seemed really into it.”
A blue t-shirt that was probably a little too tight, but showed off his impeccable muscles and classic blue jeans. This was him. This was his comfort zone. After trying on so many different versions of himself, Steve let out of huff of relief to be back to his old clothes. Though he might keep the cardigan that Tony had said brought out the blue in his eyes in rotation. Scratch that, he would never get rid of that one.
He cringed at the number of unanswered emails, and then scrolled mindlessly through the message previews. Who gave a fuck about stock values and the board of directors when his best friend, really his only friend besides Pepper, was on the other side of this wall, struggling to get through basic physical therapy exercises?
“Yeah. it feels like the real you. Not the Cap you, or the Steve Rogers the media knows. The real you.”
They stayed like that for a while, Tony half dozing off in the safety of Steve’s arms, and Steve still in awe at this man, this beautiful man who would submit only to him. Who would willingly and eagerly bite his tongue and let Steve be in charge. It made him breathless, the amount of trust Tony gave him.
“I’ll bring coffee next time. You’re right, Nurse Jessica can’t brew coffee for shit,” Tony replied, before turning back to join Rhodey. “Well, let’s head home. You wanna grab cheeseburgers on the way?”
When he made it back to the workshop, he could see the green goo glowing ever so slightly in the darkened room. It reminded him of a galaxy almost. It really was gorgeous.
God what an idiot I’ve become.
There was something about enemies being forced to work together that made Steve’s heart flutter. And if they just so happened to be astonishingly handsome and gay, so be it.
Tony didn’t look up when Steve entered, instead he turned the page of his book as his eyes rapidly scanned the text. Steve couldn’t see what he was reading, but he’d never known Tony to be an avid reader. He’d usually teased Steve and Nat for being so excited about whatever fantasy series they were into at the time.
Those words meant a whole lot of nothing to Steve, so instead he asked the only logical thing he could think of. "Okay. So now what?"
Tony's shoulders dipped, and a sigh fell past his lips. "Why didn't you call?" he found himself blurting. "I kept the same phone number for five years, just in case you called. You didn't even try."
"Still a flatterer." Tony mused, finishing off his glass of water before setting it down on top of one of he hay bails, knowing he still had some of that liquid courage surging through his tipsy veins. "Why didn't you kiss me?"
"Why me?"
Steve catches his wrist as Tony gets to the corner of the block, his strong grip pulling Tony to a stop. “Please just let me explain. It’s not whatever it was you think you saw.”
A month later, Tony finds Steve in the fourth floor boys bathroom gripping one of the sinks with white knuckled hands as he gasps for breath. His face is tear streaked, nose swollen and dripping. Their eyes meet briefly in the mirror and Tony
He can't help but wonder how it would feel to have Steve call him his for real, and not just for pretend. Not as part of something that is meant to bring Steve back to someone else, but a real relationship, one that even has hope for the future because they’re both destined for Boston. What are the chances?
, or a bad
”s. She’s as immune to Steve’s charm and good manners as any poor mortal soul met with the full brunt of his apple pie warmth, and much to Tony's amusement, she adopts them both on the spot. She insists they call her
Steve's eyes are blown nearly black when he raises his head again to look at Tony, his lips swollen and pink from their kisses. “Have you done this before?” Steve asks, a furrow of concern creasing his brow.
“I’m fine,” Steve rumbles quietly even as she frowns and gently tilts his face back up to look at her.
Tony strokes his fingertips along the side of Steve's face as they lull into a stretch of silence for a while. Just when he thinks maybe the conversation is over and Steve doesn't want to tell him anything else, he really doesn't expect any more, he's lucky to even know this much about Steve already, Steve speaks again.
Steve is asleep, curled up in a small ball with his broad shoulders tucked inwards and hunched in the uncomfortable plastic seat. His hair is longer than when Tony last saw him and and he wears it pushed back now, fingertrailed furrows driven through the wheatgold strands, mussing the top of his head. The deep lines Tony thought he saw earlier are softened slightly in slumber.
Steve's eyes are half lidded when he lifts Tony's hand to brush a kiss against his knuckles. “My dad, he wasn't around often, but he did his best,” he says, likely misreading Tony's stricken expression. “He worked a lot so we would never go hungry. Worked himself into an early grave,” Steve says sadly, his gaze looking far away. “But he always made time during Christmas so we could be together as a family.”
Tony doesn’t want to talk about the way Strange sacrificed the Time Stone to bargain for his life. Or the way the Guardians disappeared one by one, turned into dust. Or the way Peter had felt disintegrating in his arms, leaving nothing but ashes in his hands. He doesn’t want to talk about how he failed to protect all of them, and how he had somehow survived but stronger,
Rewind.
“Tomorrow,” Tony whimpers, heat curling low in his belly as Steve's eyes darken instantly, pupils blown wide. Tony watches avidly as Steve wets his lips, eyes tracking the swipe of his pink tongue and the bob of his throat as he swallows, and that’s the end of his patience. He pulls Steve back in for another desperate kiss that's all slick tongue and clinking teeth and bumped noses, wet and messy.
Later that night, Tony calls Loki and Natasha over for an emergency meeting and he’s laying in bed staring at the ceiling as he recounts their date for his friends. By the time he gets to the end of the evening where they stroll through Central Park chatting about everything and nothing from the last movie they saw to gripes about their least favorite classes and teachers, Tony sits up and groans.
“Nat,” Tony says, proud of how calm his voice sounds. “I-I think. I—” He swallows thickly and wipes at his face, his palm coming away wet again. He gently untangles her arms from his shoulders. “I can't do this.”
A chance to what? Break his heart all over again?
“We had a tradition,” Steve says, his smile fond and wistful, “my parents and I. We would build a pillow fort, just like this one, and try our best to stay up till midnight on Christmas Eve. We would hide inside so Santa wouldn't know we were awake at midnight,” Steve laughs, his expression sad and wistful. “This year is our first Christmas without Da. It didn’t feel right to not continue the fort tradition, but I don’t think Ma can bear to do it this year. I never did make it to midnight though. I always fell asleep around half past eleven.”
“Okay, how about now? Round three.”
Tony ignores the blast of notifications from his phone informing him he and Steve have become a trending topic within minutes. The internet can talk about Iron Man and the former Captain America kissing in Greece, but Tony couldn't care less when he has Steve this close, and Steve is looking back at him like he’s hung the moon.
“Thank you,” Steve says in the lapse of silence that follows.
Tony knows it’s payback for making Steve blush earlier that morning with the parting kiss, and Tony is
“Don't worry, darling,” Tony tells Steve, patting his hand absently. “Your arms are much nicer,” he says as Clint pouts.
Steve loves him beyond that. He loves the very core of Tony, his person and mind and soul. But if Tony has any question of Steve’s love for him, clearly he must be doing something wrong. He must work harder to wipe any such doubts from his husband’s mind.
stupid.
Steve is already awake and sitting up with the sheets pooled around his waist, pen working slowly across the hotel pad in his hand. Tony thinks that might've been what woke him up, the soft scratch of the nib against the paper, whispering scritches that pulled him from his dreams.
Despite the embarrassed heat in his cheeks, Tony feels elated, his footsteps light and floaty. He hasn't been so happy in—who even knows how long. He likes to think it's mostly because his best friend is home now if only for a brief week, but he also has his new friends to thank, friends he never knew he could have. And they're all because of Steve, who probably makes him happiest out of all.
“A proposition?” Steve asks, sounding amused. The Sullen Steve Stare melts away into a small smile as he leans forward. “Well hello to you too. This feels like a spy exchange”
“Let me ask my makeup artist,” Tony says when Pepper finishes. “What do you think?” he asks Morgan.
“You.”
And so, Tony had refused to do any of his writing homework. He gets sent home with a note that Friday, and his teacher is clever. She doesn't give it to Tony because she knows Tony is not to be trusted, she knows Tony would never show his parents. She makes sure Happy gets the note when he picks Tony up and Tony can do no more than scowl the whole drive home.
With Rhodey gone, he only has Pepper, Loki, and Natasha and he can't help but feel a little resentful because while the rest of his friends share a majority of the same classes, the only time he'll see them is during lunch. While everyone else is having an easy time with throwaway classes to round out their senior year, Tony's schedule is jam packed with fucking AP courses thanks to Howard.
,” Tony texts back as Steve messages him for the fifth time that hour. He hadn't even noticed the sun has set and it's nearly five already, so Steve must be sneaking breaks at practice to send him these messages. He feels terrible for making Steve worry. He knows that Coach Coulson has been extremely hard on the team with the championships coming up, but Steve still finds time between drills to check up on him.
Tony can't help the sense of pride that swells in him to see his fake boyfriend dominate the game and heat curls low in his belly every time he sees Steve in his team colors. It's ridiculous, and Tony would suspect he's being conditioned if he doesn't know any better because Steve presses closer and his kisses linger far longer when he sneaks in moments to chat with Tony during practice while he's wearing that damn red and blue. It's driving Tony insane.
Nat pats his arm sympathetically and rubs his arm. “I'm sure you can learn to be,” she says consolingly. “But we have it from here.”
It takes him almost a full minute to realize he’s in the medical wing of the Avengers facility, and he must be on the good drugs because it’s the first time in a month he hasn’t woken up screaming. There’s a bandage wrapped around his chest and beneath them, he can feel the tight pull of new skin, but he doesn’t feel any pain. The clear lines running into the veins on the back of his hand explain the slight pinch there. He blinks fully awake and turns with great effort to see someone sitting in the chair next to his bed.
“Star Trek was always meant to be deep,” Steve says. “It’s all analogies for how we should treat other people and allegories for race and culture. You would've known that if you paid more attention to the original series.”
Somewhere between Marks LXXII and LXXIV, a presence quietly makes itself known in his lab. Steve is a quiet shadow in the back, ever silent as he sits at one of the crash couches with a sketchbook or tablet in hand and draws. The scratch of pencil is lost beneath the heavy guitars of AC/DC, and Tony’s back stops prickling after LXXX.
It feels so good Tony feels as though his brain might short circuit at any moment, his heart is going haywire and his breath is coming in choked gasps. He can't concentrate on anything but the feeling of Steve's mouth on him, alternating between licking broad stripes along the underside of his dick and sucking around the head before taking him deep to the root. He tangles his fingers in Steve's hair and he's all but done for when Steve looks up at him from beneath golden lashes, eyes heated and affectionate.
It's brusque and to the point, “
Tony pauses mid bite and turns to look at him. Steve is gazing out over the crowd, where a group of tourists are posing by the fountain. He watches Steve watch them as they do Fortnite poses for their photo.
“Your cooking is incredible,” Tony tells him earnestly, his words muffled around the food in his mouth.
He starts on LXXXV.
The feeling of Tony’s fingers closing around their cocks, slowly stroking them together is almost too much for Steve. Every touch along his skin feels electric as heat pools in his belly, the hollow of his chest feels aflame.
The memory of her fire often comes to mind though, how brightly she burns, like a star in nova. Janet taught him to be brave, and that year, for the first time, he stands up to Howard. When Howard tells him his internship at SI will be starting soon, Tony remembers the fire in Janet’s eyes and he tells his father
Tony laughs, doesn’t have the heart to tell him that’ll be a while yet.
“Oh yeah, the sprout put it on me,” Tony tells him quietly. “You like it?”
Tony is happy enough to watch them from the side of the pool, curled up with Natasha on a lounge chair. She's gently fingercombing his unruly hair as they sit together in comfortable silence, observing the impromptu game.
Morgan heaves a deep dramatic sigh and rolls her eyes, planting her fists on her hips. In that moment, she reminds Tony so much of Steve, obstinate and self-assured. She’s already immune to his threats now, what’s Tony going to do when she’s a teenager?
Steve’s hair is pomaded into a soft wave of sunspun gold he’s neatly slicked back, but he’s still barefoot with his shirt open and pants untucked. Tony steps into the circle of Steve’s embrace when he opens his arms for him and runs a hungry palm down the planes of his husband’s chest, greedy for the miles of skin. His fingers trace along the ink he finds there, the black lines circling the sacred heart—Tony’s heart inked right over Steve's sternum, and the TS next to it.
“Tony?”
Happy frowns but moves away to walk over to the driver’s side of the car. “I’m right here, Tony, if you need me.”
“No,” Steve says, agitation rising in his voice. “I shouldn’t have let you walk away that day. I shouldn’t have given up so easily. I should’ve tried harder. I should’ve—I'm not getting out of the way until you hear me out because it
Feeling brave, Tony runs his palms along the length of Steve's torso just to watch him shiver, feeling the bubbling rise of laughter in his throat when Steve mirrors his motions. His heart is pounding away in his chest, loud
They should just work on winning Peggy back as soon as possible so Steve can be with the person he really wants, and so Tony doesn’t have to keep this secret from his friends any longer. One part of him wants to get everything over with and just confess. He can probably beg for Pepper and Rhodey’s forgiveness and they might even forgive him. Eventually. He might even survive the embarrassment of his friends’ shock and pity for going through this elaborate ruse in the first place but another part of him likes Steve’s attention way too much to put an end to the charade so quickly.
. He drops his hand from Steve’s face but doesn’t let go when Steve catches it and closes his palm over his fingers, squeezing gently.
Tony sighs, caving under Steve’s concerned frown as gentle hands brush the hair from his forehead. “Almost a week,” he mumbles, rubbing at his sternum.
Eventually Tony’s mind spins in circles until he thinks he might go crazy if his lab is silent any longer. He puts on a playlist and pushes the volume higher to drown out the rest of the guilt he feels and the yammering pestilent thoughts. On the fourth day, he turns off his messages and sends all of his calls to voicemail.
Tony considers not replying to that either but something makes him answer, “Yes, Pepper got a letter too.”
It makes it all the harder for Tony to remind himself that this isn't real and the ugly end is already rearing its head.
They all eventually nod off in pairs, heading to bed by the time the fire banks low in the hearth, and the only ones left by the fire are Tony, Steve, and Pepper.
listen.
Long fingers reach up to tangle in Tony's hair as gentle hands tilt his head slightly for the perfect angle, their mouths slotting together as Steve's tongue slips between the open seam of Tony's lips. Tony can feel broad hands brushing over the ladder of his ribs beneath his shirt, the touch like liquid fire against his skin. He gasps, every nerve alight with sparks as he tries to get as close as possible.
Tony shrugged "I am an exception, this is my house." He tossed the remote to Clint, who caught it with one hand. "Start the movie Legolas I'll grab the popcorn."
"Did you want me to come back early?" Tony offered, choosing to ignore the puzzled look Pepper was giving him. "I Could fly home right after the ceremony."
Tony barked out a laugh, but cupped Steve's face with both of his hands. "You were always a monster, Rogers." he leaned down softly placed his lips on Steve's. "It's just more prevalent with the help of social media."
"That's the problem." Steve says, forcing himself not to sigh yet again. "I just don't think it's anyone's business what my personal life is like."
Like a wave of relief washed over him, Steve let out a breath he didn't realize he was even holding. "I'm having phone troubles." He admitted, rather sheepishly.
"They're just water drops?" Steve asks, confused as he looks back down at the comment section.
Steve had stumbled into the viewing party completely unaware of the mess he had made.
Steve took his phone and inspected it, not noticing anything different. "What did you do?"
"I never said I didn't. I'm just saying once you let him in he get stuck." Sam leaned towards Tony "Like show up at your home at midnight to raid your fridge stuck, for life."
"I'm sorry, you what?" Tony questioned, tilting his head to look up at Steve, trying to process the information.
"Say Cheese." Tony says, and lifts the phone, Steve barely had a chance to do anything but stare as the shutter sound goes off.
"Can't I just make a statement?" Steve said, suddenly feeling everyone's eyes on him, for various reasons. "I'm not dating Sam, It's just a photo, it's my photo, and it has nothing to do with Tony."
"How drunk are you right now?" was all the reply he got.
He racked his brain for something to say, something funny, or sad, or even angry, anything other than standing in silence, looking at one another, hungry and wanting. A drink - Tony offered, to calm the nerves, to set the mood, to accomplish anything else.
"You're such an idiot." Was not what Tony had meant to say, but it's absolutely what came out of his mouth. Steve looked taken aback, only for a second before Tony quickly followed up with  "Yes! Obviously Yes."  blinking back the tears he cupped Steve's face and pulled him into a kiss. "But now I need to get you a different Christmas present you son of a bitch."
Natasha closed the door, leaning against it and crossing her arms against her chest, she was clearly not going anywhere, and the look on her face could have killed Tony a hundred times over.
Thankfully, the sound of a car arriving at the house guaranteed this conversation was about to end. "Because I just came as a guest." Tony said, stepping back towards escape. "And she'd be pissed to know that Pepper or I had anything to do with her wedding, it was like pulling teeth just to get her to let me pay for the welcome party."
"You saw nothing, Barton!" Tony clipped, twisting himself in the air and then heading back down to the now destroyed super drone, and his teammates.
Steve doesn't comment, he barely hangs around long enough to clean himself up, before he's staggering around, dressing himself on his way out of the penthouse. But Tony see's the way the back of his neck is still flushed, and how is back is scratched to shit, and how Steve keeps averting his glance, and just how fucking guilty he looks, and Tony knows he'll be back.
Before Steve could yell at the television the elevator announced its arrival, doors pulling open to reveal Pepper. She glared through the newly opened doors at Steve as she marched off. Her heels clipped into the tile flooring with every step while she held a phone tightly to her ear.
Pulling a bottle of some amber liquid off one of the shelves, sure to taste more like poison than the sweet honey it looked like, he shrugged. "What do normal people toast to?"
"You chose her." He replied with a chuckle, leaning in as well.
"Sorry." Steve's voice filled the room as he stepped through a set of french doors. "I couldn't get the lights to work, but we're all good now if we want to move outside?"
"I think so." Natasha admitted. "Are you okay if I head out then?"
"Seriously Steve, check yourself out once in a while." Tony was still laughing as he pulled his jacket off his arms, and losing his footing in the process, tumbling sideways for a few steps before catching himself on his bed. "You're so cute." he mumbled to himself, tossing the jacket to the floor and yanking at his shirt, getting it halfway up before catching it around his face and sent him stumbling again.
"I have to, if it took us ten years just to speak to each other it has to be true. " Tony confessed. He really was too tired for this, too emotionally wasted to have any more of this day. "Is there anything else, or can I go back to drinking this day away now?"
"And you are sure there is nothing that can convince you to come along?" Tony had to ask, at least once more.
"I think this is the first time I've met drunk honest Tony." Steve was trying so hard to change the subject. He had met drunk Tony before, everyone had, but honest Tony, well that was an entirely new level, one he hadn't visited any time recently.
Tony swallowed back his anger, and held his head high as he walked through the front doors of the hotel. All hope of blending back into the party unnoticed went completely out the window when he got inside the lobby.
"Is it because Tony said Steve looked nice?" Bruce asked, "Because Tony's pretty much hit on all of us at least once, but he's never used
"You know what I mean." She says, her green eyes leveling with him from across the counter. "You are kind of a natural at giving people a glimpse into the life of Steve Rogers."
"Sometimes drunk Tony can be exciting." She offered, watching as Steve opened the refrigerator. He grabbed a bottle of water out, offering it to Natasha who shook her head, before twisting off the lid and downing it in two consecutive gulps. He went in and grabbed a second bottle before letting the fridge door close. "A little dehydrated there, Steve?" Natasha raised an eyebrow, looking at the empty bottle to the full bottle that Steve held.
"What?" Steve asked, though still not missing a beat, as he threw a left hook, which Natasha of course dipped out of the way with ease, before he was jumping back from a mean roundhouse she shot out. "Like what?"
"I was promised to be a Maid of Honour today -" She leaned over him, red hair falling over her shoulders and touching Tony's cheeks. "Yet here we are."
"I am exhausted. I am going to bed." Tony quickly moved forward, placing a quick kiss to Natasha's cheek. "Please go have fun, I promise to be here in the morning, I really just need to be on my own for a little."
He wasn't sure what possessed him to go back outside, but something did. Stepping out on to the lit up deck, Tony noticed a light was on in the barn, and as Natasha screamed the lyrics to a Queen song in the house behind him, he figured it would be okay to go on a little adventure. He was in Vermont after all, it's not like he'd get mugged. At least not on the short walk towards the barn. Unless Deer had suddenly learned to hold knives.
"Sorry" And Steve almost sounded genuine. "I wish I had more exciting things to share, but all I've got is a drunk Tony."
"We spent a magical night together." Tony said with a shrug of one shoulder. "She's exhausted I had her up until the small hours, opening her up to new experiences-" With every word Sharon seemed to get more and more scandalized. "- Though she may have trouble walking down the aisle today."
"Children." Tony warned before they could start, pinching the bridge of his nose. "I do not have enough pain killers in this tower to deal with this tonight."
"Pepper will murder you." Tony argues, but he can't help but go in for one more kiss goodbye. "She already doesn't like you, don't give her more of a reason."
- there it is again, and Steve sounds weak, and lost and Tony can't hold himself in anymore.
Natasha laughed as she started down the hallway with Sharon in tow, Clint however had stayed behind.
"You-" Clint coughs, completely ignoring Steve's dirty look. "You are serious?" he finishes, leaning over to stare at Tony for confirmation.
"No." Tony shot the small blonde a glare before he tucked his phone back in his pocket. "Get rid of these flowers, burn them, bury them, do whatever you need to do, but do not let Natasha know they even existed.  Tell her you fixed it and all the flower arrangements will be delivered, properly, tomorrow as red roses."
"What are those?" Natasha inquired, eyeing the gifts.
He found himself wondering just how angry Pepper would be if he flew off somewhere, anywhere that was far. He concluded that she would be less mad if he brought her back something nice from Greece, or Japan or wherever else was the furthest point from where he was right now. Maybe.
There was silence on the other end for a moment too long and Tony was afraid he had lost Pepper, until he heard her sigh. "You're not going to like this, but I really think you should talk to him. Maybe you'll finally get some closure."
"Fine." Tony all but whined. "Suit yourself party pooper Rogers." He smoothed the fabric of his jacket over one last time before heading out the door, but not before calling out behind himself. "don't say I didn't try to get you out and living."
"Being good with names if the first thing they beat into you in boarding school." Tony revealed, stepping around Clint and into the house. When the man didn't laugh, he quickly followed it up with. "I'm joking, it was my father who did the beating, not the school."
Jarvis wasn't sounding off alarm bells, so there wasn't really any reason for Tony to worry about himself when he was safe in his shop. Circled in Holo-screens, numbers flashing over them, things that Steve would never understand. Still, Steve hadn't come for nothing.
And then Steve, precious Steve tucked up against the other arm of the couch, ankles crossed out in front of himself, always open to watching anything new, genuinely appreciating the camera work, and the color on the screen. Occasionally calling out moves that just wouldn't be physically possible, even for him - but nevertheless, having a good time.
"It's fine, really." Tony meant it. "I'm a bit confused, but I'll survive." He smiled at his friend, it was actually quite refreshing to meet someone new who just said what they thought without trying to be careful with how they said it around him. "I actually don't mind him." He added for good measure.
Tony can't help but look, wanting to know what's so important about this book in particular and the first photo he's see's is a small strip of black and white photos. They had come straight out of a carnival photo booth. Four squares attached together, the quality very poor, grainy pixels on faded paper, but still Tony can make out his own face, much younger looking back at him, with a very serious Steve beside him. The next photo down was the both of them in mid laugh, Tony's head thrown back, Steve with his hands over his face. The Third slide, just blurry movement, and the last one the two of them heads pressed together, big smiles on their faces.
"Yes, Tony?"
"I have a hot date with a bottle of wine and a laundry machine." she sighed, pulling her jacket on as they waited for the elevator. "What about you? I Saw that email from Christine what's her face, are you going to dinner with her?"
Once they're on the dance floor, and Steve has one of Tony's hand in his own, and his other hand on Tony's hip he leans in. "Finally, I have you to myself."
Steve was offering up a hand towel as Tony switched off the taps. "Howard had no idea what his son was capable of on his own. You've taken his company and made it your own, all on your own when no one thought you could."
"You've done worse." Natasha answers, looking directly at Tony as she speaks.
Steve laughed stepping around Tony to grab the frying pans, to add them to the dishwasher. "You just feel like it would be the right thing to do." Steve corrected.
"Don't make me do this." Tony pleaded as he looked over at his friend, but Steve's face stayed neutral and Tony knew it was going to come out one way or another. "I remember complimenting your eyes, and oh-" Tony cringed. "Your disappointing face, uh and.. of course the whole ride - thing - you know lets not do this."
"Alright, okay, calm down. how about, people are still stuck in the dark ages?" Tony figured that was a better alternative. "Our politicians are too busy fighting over whether or not a woman has enough brain power to be in charge of her own body, they don't really have time to waste on equal rights for everyone."
"Like I used to hate you and I think that's just because you are so pretty, but then I realized you're
"Of course I did." Steve said with a small smile. "Among other things, but these always seemed important, you used to tell me they would change the world."
"You're a punk." Bucky says, though he's smirking. "Alright boys, It's time I got married."
Steve let out a soft chuckle, ignoring how warm he suddenly felt, watching Tony do, whatever it was he was doing to his phone. "Yeah but Steve has a lot of problems and a lot of baggage."
"It's called sunscreen." Natasha said with a tilt of her head. "Also we have bigger things to worry about. The eagle has landed. Barnes has the Target in the elevator."
"Boring." Tony sings out, but his fingers move across the screen of Steve's phone and then he's nodding satisfied. "There ya go Cap. You officially have an Instagram, and I've gone ahead and done you the favor of following your team. Pepper will work on getting you verified."
"Royal Flush." Bruce hid his smirk, placing a hand over the pile Clint was about to steal away.
"Well.." Tony frowned, playing with the hem of his shirt, so thankful that Rhodey was not there in person. "It was technically after the bar. You see, Steve came to pick me up-"
"What are you doing up so late?"
Tony certainly felt fucked for the third time.
"Pretty much." Bruce agreed.
"Only rich people eat that." Clint shot back, digging into a bowl of pasta. "So of course you would think so."
Sam's eyebrows raised, feigning shocked as if he hadn't been trying convince Steve of that very fact for the past ten minutes. "Look man -" he sighed, "It's your life, I'm just saying maybe check with the powers that be, before you go crazy."
"Oh thank God." Natasha sighed as soon as she laid eyes on him. "Where have you been, I have been looking for you everywhere."
Steve thanked his lucky stars, or fairy Godmother, or whatever it was that saved him.
"That looks rough." The voice, which normally would have startled Tony, caused him to sigh instead, and he refused to acknowledge him. "I'm sorry about that.." Steve added.
"No. There isn't, it's just something - never mind "Tony can't help the huff that leaves his lips, it's not that he's frustrated, it's just that he has very limited patience when it comes to explaining idiosyncrasies of the current generation of youth on the planet.  "It doesn't matter, I can get CptnSteveRogers."
"He's here." Tony's eyes widened, shifting his glance from Pepper to Natasha. "Do I look alright?"
Tony rolled his eyes within his helmet. "I'm on my way." The Iron Man armor twisted back around, looking down at the city below him, as he weaved himself around buildings. "Who's bright Idea was it to put guns on drones?"
Tony loosened his tie as he stepped through the penthouse door, noticing a pair of sneakers tucked away beside the entry, and a smile fell onto his lips. He toed off his own dress shoes, before stepping into the penthouse living room. The city lights twinkled in front of the December sun that was already setting behind the horizon, the light just barely peaking through the large floor to ceiling windows.
The fourth time, Steve didn't say it first.
Slowly, they moved, always touching, step for step they stayed connected, Tony was calling the shots this time, and there was no argument. Calloused fingers carefully removed Steve's clothing one piece at a time, before touching any of the fabric against his own body, leaving a trail behind them as they went. He continued until he knew the back of Steve's knees would be pressed up against his bed, and then he pushed the man down and dipped between his legs. Tony allowed his fingers to splay across Steve's thighs as he ducked his head and used his mouth to draw his name from the others lips.
"Strong genes." Natasha shrugged, snatching a piece of bacon off the plate. "How have you not learned by now to stop trying to keep up with me when we drink? This is summer break in Budapest all over again."
"You're eyes are so beautiful." Tony sighed to himself. "And your jaw, you look like you've been sculpted out of marble." Finally he leaned back into his own seat, but did not bother removing the hand from Steve's lap. "You are so gorgeous" he idly began to move his fingers against Steve's jeans, in no real pattern, tracing shapes his mind made, looking out the car window as he spoke, no, confessed.
A few more pictures down was one of the team. It was post battle, nothing exciting, a couple Doom Bots on the loose from a week ago. Steve hadn't even noticed Tony take the photo. Steve had his back turned to the camera, his hands on his hips,  talking to Clint, and Natasha, some destroyed robots at their feet. Thor was off to the side, smiling towards the camera. Tony captioned it with 'America's Sweetheart, America's Ass, America's Pain in the Ass and the God of Thunder.' It gave Steve a good chuckle.
Steve looked down at the photo he was debating. It wasn't that bad, really, well, maybe it was. It wasn't planned though, he had been on his morning run with Sam and they had stumbled upon the Rainbow Pride flag. It wasn't up yesterday morning, Steve found out it had been raised at the restaurant for a pride celebration that evening.
"You don't ever seem this concerned about my shirts while you're ripping the buttons off of them, Steven." Tony glanced up through his eyelashes, and caught the blush rushing up Steve's throat.
"It's two dates." Tony corrected, stepping off his treadmill. "You own a tux right? I bet you look incredible in a tux."
Steve opened his mouth to speak but quickly closed it. Tony didn't want to have to drudge up the past, he really didn't want to relive all their mistakes, especially after the decent day they had been having, but here they were again. Awkward, with not much to say.
"Agreed." Captain America spoke looking up at the massive thing trying to figure out his best route up. "Do we see any soft spots?"
"If you two are just going to attack us all night, we can leave." Bucky said, with all the seriousness he could muster, though everyone knew he was teasing.
But then he opened his mouth. "So, Steve is the best man at this wedding."
Steve flushed red, and Tony burst out laughing. "Pepper, don't."
Steve waited, or well he tried. He stood quietly on the other side of the work bench and watched as Tony worked, but his stomach started to twist up like it had been doing since he had called Tony in the morning and then it dawned on him.
Tony hummed around his food as he chewed, and Clint and Natasha shared a glance, like no one quite wanted to handle this one. It was Bruce who finally sighed, looking up from his tablet.
"Oh." Tony replies staring at Bucky's hand before finally shaking it with his own. "Yeah well, Natasha loves you, it wasn't hard to remind her of that." He decides to keep Sharon off his to be trusted list still anyways, she has shifty eyes. "And for the record, I'd put you at like a seven and a half, a solid nine today all dressed up though."
Game over, he was cutting himself off.
"Knew I'd find you here." Tony's voice carries across the room and startles Steve - all he can do is send a glare over his shoulder, because his hearing really should have warned him, instead he had been distracted.
The voice caused Steve’s lips to twitch at the corners, but he did not shift.
Steve appears to get the idea, and squeezes his hand around Tony's, in return, which only makes Tony's confidence soar as they walk hand in hand towards the barn. It's words now, that Tony needs to find the courage to use, he knows this, so he clears his throat, buying himself some time, even though Steve seems content walking on in silence, but the barn is nearing and Tony has to do it before they get there.
When he got to the door he almost didn't want to open it, so he peeked through the small hole, only to be met with bright red. "Natasha?" He asked pulling open the door. "What's wrong?"
The recognition flashed across Tony's face and then he sighed again. "Oh my God, did I even shut up at all that night?"
"I'd like to just go to bed actually." Tony says, looking to the back stairs. "If that's fine with you?"
"Come 'er." Steve breathes out, Tony obliges, crawling back into Steve's lap, trailing his fingers over his chest, finger tips brushing over his pecks before around his neck, cupping the back of his head.
Tony scrubbed his palm with a rag and squinted up at Steve like he had just sprouted a second head, which was completely uncalled for, but Steve would let it slide, This time. And next time, and every single time because it was Tony.
"You're the worst." Tony says with a huff, grabbing his coffee mug, before heading off to the elevator and disappearing for the day.
"Have you told him that?" She asked, dropping her guard. "Seriously though have you seen the way he stares at you when he thinks no one is noticing? the guy is completely infatuated with you, just break his heart or marry him already."
When Steve didn't move, Tony forced himself to step back into his room, hand grasping onto the door, with the other wrapped tightly around the envelope Steve had given him. "Will I see you tomorrow?" he found himself asking.
"Shouldn't you be sleeping in, or eating breakfast in bed?" Tony asked, though he kept focused on his phone, disregarding Pepper's subject line entirely.
"I-" Steve tried to answer but instead had to swat Natasha's hand away from his head. "What are you doing?"
"Excuse you-" Tony starts.
"I'm going to puke." Tony said to no one, but that didn't stop J.A.R.V.I.S. from suggesting he leave the shower to do so. This could not be happening, sure he had thought those things but he never in a million years wanted them to become out loud words in real life. Words he couldn't take back. Words that Steve heard, sober and alert. This was not good, he did not want to ruin his relationship with Steve, a friendship he had to work extra hard in creating in the first place. What if Steve was offended, or insulted, or disgusted. Or worse, actually disappointed in Tony. He wasn't sure he could live with himself.
likes you. It was just because I was jealous." He paused, Steve was about to ask if he was about done, but was quickly silenced when Tony let out an unprompted laugh."Fuck you're so gorgeous. I love looking at your muscles, and those big hands." Tony's eyes slipped shut for a minute as if he was picturing it in his head. "I think about your hands and that disproving look you give me Sometimes, it's so sexy I-"
"No, Poor me." Tony corrects, putting his sunglasses over his eyes, as Steve comes down the stairs, dressed with his truck keys in his hands. "I have to deal directly with Pepper, you better come back tanned and happy."
"J.A.R.V.I.S!" Tony nearly squealed at the ceiling. "Did I try and sleep with Steve last night?" Silently he crossed his fingers, hoping that the AI would confirm in the negative, no maybe that was a bad dream. He wouldn't cross that line, would he?
Tony decides not to let this ruin the weekend, they could be adults about this. And then he has a bit too much to drink.
Tony comes first with Steve’s tongue in his mouth and his hand stroking his dick. After Tony comes clenching tight around him, Steve’s thrusts grow erratic as he chases his own orgasm, Tony coaxing him along with breathy encouragement whispered against his ear.
Tony leans against his locker and opens the carefully folded note to find it simply says, “I hope you’ll have a nice day today,” surrounded with little doodles of hearts.
Steve groans against Tony's neck. “But it was fun!”
“Planned for this, did you?” Steve says, his voice bright with amusement.
Husband. This is his
Tony has never really celebrated Christmas, not even when his mother was alive and Howard was slightly less of a dick. The holiday season was usually reserved for galas and events and fundraisers, Tony often left home alone with Jarvis and Ana or toted along like an accessory to be shown off.
indeed, Tony thinks.
Before he really thinks about what he's doing, Tony is running down the bleachers and vaulting over the barrier between crowd and field. Steve tosses his helmet carelessly onto the grass when he hears Tony calling out his name, and begins to jog towards him.
“I know Pepper has a contingency plan,” Tony replies, his fingers lightly skimming the row of buttons down Steve’s chest. “She knows better than to expect us to show up at events by now.”
“Everything is exactly the way it's supposed to be,” Tony replies, pulling a blanket over his head. “I can find everything like this. Besides, we just survived the first week of senior year. It's nap time.”
“I have a proposition,” Tony finally says.
“Seems to be working fine so far,” Tony says, feeling the heavy weight in his chest dissipate a little.
Steve and Peggy are on the verge of breaking up, and newer rumors start spreading that it's because Steve likes someone else, and maybe possibly very definitely because Sandy totally heard it from Karen who heard it from Emily who heard it from Brock that Steve cheated on Peggy.
He spends a day feeling sorry for himself before he climbs out of bed and wanders around until he finds Steve and Natasha in the gym. He watches them for several long minutes as they circle gracefully around each other, more dance than fight, both lethal in different ways, perfectly matched, beautiful and deadly.
Tony sighs as he draws away. “What did Steve say?” He's too tired to really get annoyed about anything anymore. He's at the stage of sleep deprivation where his eyes are just beginning to cross and Pepper is starting to blur at the edges where she wavers in front of him. As far as he knows, Pepper might be a mirage. She’s way too good to be true.
Tony takes another deep breath, grateful for his best friend’s steadying hand on his shoulder. He doesn’t know why he’s so nervous. This is something he’s wanted for a long, long time. “I’ve been ready.”
“I don't think anything you do can ever be boring, Tony,” Steve says when he turns back to him. “I might not completely understand whatever it is you're working on, but I want to know. If you want to tell me.”
She holds up a hand to stop him and says, “Honestly, Tony. It’s been two months and you’re already falling apart without me.” Her stern look melts away into a fond smile that makes Tony weak at the knees.
Tony groans again, mashing his face against Steve's legs. “Fine,” he mutters. “You win that one.”
Sarah prepares Christmas dinner for just the three of them on Christmas Eve, with the big Christmas dinner taking place with family on the actual holiday. Steve had invited Tony to go with them to his aunt’s house for the big dinner, but Tony thinks they’ve taken things too far already for a fake relationship. While he doesn't regret meeting Sarah Rogers for even a single second, he would feel like a fraud going to his big family holiday dinner. So he lies, saying Howard expects him at some Stark Industries gala for that day.
The last week of winter vacation passes with a blur of SI projects Howard unloads on Tony after demanding deadlines for the first week of January. Tony spends his days and nights in his lab at home, calling Jarvis to let him know he’s sorry, but he won’t be able to visit after all. He can hear the disappointment in Jarvis’s voice when he sighs, and there’s the reminder to eat again.
“You’re not too shabby yourself,” Tony quips, his shy grin easing into a lopsided and fond smile, an expression he saves for Steve alone. His eyes are warm dark amber in the low light of their room, the edges crinkling with the beloved laugh lines Tony had silently criticized in the mirror. This expression of his is Steve’s favorite.
Tony tangles his hand in the dog tags hanging from his neck as he watches, and he has a hitch in his breath by the time Steve buttons his shirt all the way up his chest, closing over the ink on his chest (his
“Let's build a fort,” Steve says suddenly. He hops up off the couch and heads for the hall closet.
“I know, I know,” Tony says flippantly. “It's not all that simple, right? I'm sure there are probably things you need to work on to show that you've changed and you can be a better boyfriend now.”
He doesn't want to open the email when the
“Sass,” Tony says. “All I get is sass here! Nat, my buddy, best friend, darling. You have faith in me, right?”
He’s under no delusion that Howard doesn’t know and see everything, and the only reason Tony got to spend so much time with Steve is because Howard allowed it to be so.
“I don't know if you remember, Tony,” Sarah says when they sit down to eat the dinner they all prepared together. “But we met years ago, just once.”
Tony winces. “Like,
“Of course I have,” Tony says, not quite able to look Pepper in the eye. “I shouldn't have written those letters. I should never have let anything get between our friendship.”
“We should probably talk about this,” Steve says reasonably, his voice gravel rough. Tony knows this, agrees with this, just thought about this, but he’s so so
Jarvis pauses. “What do you mean?”
“Just tell me,” Tony says sharply.
If their kiss is a greeting, being pressed against Steve as he takes Tony's hand in his large palm to fit the two halves of the gold bangle over his wrist together is a new intimacy. Steve had gifted Tony this bracelet for their first anniversary years ago, a romantic mark Tony would happily wear for all the world to see and never remove if not for his dangerous lab work. Such as it is, it’s a treat to hand over the little screwdriver and put his trust and his love in Steve’s hands, where he knows they’ll be cradled and shielded, cherished and protected. Steve makes quick work of the tiny screws that hold the two halves of the bangle together. The gold gleams on Tony’s wrist, a shout of their commitment, of how Tony belongs to Steve, if anyone happens to miss the diamond and gold on his finger.
Steve hums in agreement as he leans down to mouth along the column of Tony’s neck. Tony's breath hitches in his throat as Steve nibbles on the sensitive skin, pressing wet kisses along his collarbone as he continues his way down. He pays special attention to Tony's scars, gentling his touch as he kisses each and every one. The feeling of how tenderly Steve handles him brings tears to the sweep of Tony's lashes, and he wonders for the millionth time how someone like Steve even exists and wonders what he’s done to deserve him.
Jarvis finds Tony sitting listlessly in the kitchen the next morning. He takes one look at him and puts the kettle on for tea. Tony knows Jarvis must feel especially bad for him when he brings down the tin of leftover Christmas cookies he'd been hiding and sets them on a plate.
“Rogers,” he says to the front of his locker. The paint peeling at the edge of his locker door is so fascinating, it's shaped just like Maui and with the oncoming winter and cold that's creeping down from further north, maybe he should consider moving to—extended visiting—a tropical island instead of Siberia.
. Neither of us will survive the humiliation if this gets out.”
Steve is a beast on the field, all controlled power and whipquick agility. His reflexes are lightning sharp, every move conservative and carefully calculated. Tony's eyes are trained on him every time he pulls back his arm with coiled strength in his shoulders, snapping the ball forward in a precise parabola. It's a thing of beauty.
Now Tony doesn’t know anymore if he would’ve regretted killing Barnes, but it seems as though Thanos had done it for him anyways. And seeing Steve’s devastation over the loss of his best friend brings nothing but a hollow ring of emptiness for Tony.
They should talk about this, they really need to clear everything up and vocalize what this all means—if it means anything at all. Tony knows this logically, knows it’s the right thing to do, but his hands move of their own accord. Before he fully realizes what he’s doing, his fingers are curling into the fabric of Steve’s sweater and dragging him close and Steve is mirroring his motions, large hands sliding beneath Tony's shirt to encircle his waist.
“Tony,” Steve tries again, sounding breathless. There he goes saying Tony’s name with that tone again.
Steve hesitates. “I begged and begged and—please don’t be mad at him—”
“Oof,” Steve grunts now as his arms come up to wrap around Tony’s waist, pulling him snugly against his broad chest. “Guess so,” Steve replies, and Tony can hear the smile in his voice. It makes him feel strangely warm, despite trying as hard as he can to ignore that.
He’s not scared anymore.
“You know you’re both always welcome over with or without Rhodey home,” she says warmly. “Don’t be strangers now.”
Steve shrugs his dinner jacket on top, Tony watching unblinkingly as the fabric stretches around Steve’s thick arms and chest. Large palms smoothe over the front, brushing along the dark velvet as long fingers carefully straighten the pressed lapel. The gold ring shines on Steve’s hand, catching the light. There are the numbers inked on Steve’s knuckles, 2012, the year Steve came out of the ice and into Tony’s life. A lifetime ago now.
“Hey, are you okay?” he asks quietly.
“Yeah,” he mumbles as Rhodey moves to hug Pepper. He turns away as their hands linger at each other's waists, trying to give his friends some semblance of privacy. He doesn't miss the soft kiss Pepper presses to the corner of Rhodey’s mouth with tears glimmering in her bright eyes.
The first press of lips is soft like a sigh hello, and it’s ridiculous. Tony shouldn't
“But—”
Tony breathes a sharp inhale and doesn’t say anything else.
On the second day, he does the same thing all over again, spending his breaks and lunchtime locked in the labs, begs his lab partners not to let anyone in, especially not Steve. The only person he's willing to talk to is Pepper, and he's so grateful to have her, he doesn't deserve her. She brings him food and coffee and makes sure Thor and Sam doesn't get any ideas about accosting him with futile pleas to talk to Steve.
and it felt so real. But whenever I tried to talk about it and tell you this is all real for me and all of my feelings for you are real, you would avoid the conversation. Look, I’m not good at talking about my feelings either, clearly, so I let you get away with not talking about anything because it was so much easier that way. If we didn’t talk about it, it wouldn’t hurt and it wouldn’t end, right?”
But how? Tony wants to ask.
Tony almost does a double take when he sees Bruce. Bruce, for lack of a better word, looks haggard. There are grey streaks in his temple, and the normally warm eyes behind his glasses are dark ringed and glassy with exhaustion. There are furrows around his mouth and lines in his forehead, deepening when he looks from Steve to Tony, but he doesn’t say anything when Steve gets up silently from his chair and leaves the room.
Over Morgan’s shoulder, Pepper is smiling and shaking her head. She’s a vision in emerald green, her bright hair twisted in a low chignon. Tony grins back as he meets her eyes, lifting his shoulder in a small shrug as Morgan finishes applying the pink gloss to his lips.
Maria returns with an old fashioned hatbox in her arms. The box is enormous and round, a cylinder of hideous faded blue jacquard silk embroidered with branches of gardenias and birds hiding between the leaves. The fabric is peeling at the edges, dark cardboard peeking through the tattered seams. Tony wonders why his mom would even keep such an ugly old thing when she has mountains of lacquered black boxes topped with white silk camellias and piles of bright orange boxes printed with horse carriages Tony knows are filled with very expensive things.
The noise in the stadium is deafening as the red and blue wave leaps to its feet as one, stomping and cheering.
The Tower rooftop is lit up in a way even Tony has never seen before. The city below them is set aflame by the setting sun as it dips behind glass walls, sparkling orange and pink and purple as it goes. Tiny twinkling lights that shine like starlight stretch across the span of the roof, a canopy of constellations strung above them. Peonies and roses shaded in gradients of red, pink, and yellow are garlanded along the small flock of chairs sat in neat rows on two sides. The arch that once assisted Tony with his armor a lifetime ago sits a silent oculus framing the sky, lit in gleaming gold.
Tony absolutely does not expect to be pulled down the block and towards the nearest subway station. He's dragged down the steps, into the cavernous fluorescent underground, Steve's large hand still tightly gripping his. His eyes widen in horror as he realizes what's happening, what Steve is expecting them to do and shudders at the thought of having to be on a dirty train, crowded with grumpy tired commuters. He can already feel the oppressive crowd of bodies surrounding him, all of them stuck in a rattling metal can with no way out.
Tony discovers that the only sport he might potentially be better at than Steve is skiing. He's been skiing since he was a child with his parents in Aspen and the Swiss Alps on rare family vacations, and it’s Steve's first try.
Tony pushes the overwhelming nostalgia away and focuses instead on the task ahead of him. Operation: Convince Steve Rogers. Steve is already sitting at a booth in the back nursing a cup of coffee. There's a full pot with an empty cup and half a sandwich in front of him.
Christmas at Steve's house is an Affair, with a capital A. Sarah and Steve have been cooking all day, and Tony can smell it as soon as he steps inside the house. He is greeted at the door by Steve pressing a kiss to his cheek and the delicious smell of warmed eggnog and toasted hazelnuts wafting from the kitchen.
“How will this affect Stark Industries?”
“And it's not like you're going to have a ton of time,” Tony continues, “with orientation and then classes and whatever weird hazing bullshit you macho military people like to do in ROTC and all the new friends you're going to make and you're totally going to forget me—”
“Oh?” Steve says, leaning up on one elbow.
Tony hums in agreement and tucks his nose in the space between Steve's neck and shoulder. The smell of coconuts and ocean settles him, and he lets the rhythm of Steve's breathing lull him into contented silence. They don't say anything for a long time, simply laying in the fort together cocooned in warmth and ignoring everything outside of their little world.
The kiss starts slow and soft before Tony groans as Steve slides his hand into his curls, pulling him closer and they deepen the kiss. Steve’s tongue traces along the seam of Tony’s lips and he opens obediently, gasping softly as their tongues slide together wet and messy. His hand clenches in the fabric at Steve’s chest, and his other raises to trace along Steve’s jaw, the rough hairs of his beard just barely registering with the sensors in his prosthetic. The air between them grows heated and charged, and Tony can feel the warmth pool low in his belly as he presses up against Steve, leaning in until they’re aligned from chest to feet.
“No,” Steve says, his voice sounding gravelly rough. “I want you to see,” he repeats, gentling his tone. “Please. Do you trust me?”
“Hey, Anthony Edward Stark,” Steve begins, the softest of smiles curving his lips. His eyes are bright and blue under the setting evening sun. “I’m so happy to be standing in front of you today, with your hand in mine. I’m so grateful you chose to forgive me and love me even after everything we’ve been through. I don’t always deserve that forgiveness and love, but I work every day to be a better man, so I may one day finally do.
“I’m so sorry, Tony,” she says quietly, her voice thick with emotion. Tony isn’t sure what’s worse, this confession or seeing his beautiful stoic Natasha break down like this in front of him. “I’m so, so, so sorry. It was never meant to hurt you. All I've ever wanted was for you to be happy, and for you to stop being sad all the time. I couldn’t stand to see you always hurting and so lonely, so when I saw those letters when we were cleaning your room, I somehow thought it would be a good idea.”
“You can have this all to yourself if you’d like,” Tony replies teasingly, stroking his thumb along Steve’s wrist, grazing his pulse. The pads of his fingers brush over the Mark VII cuffs and up inside Steve’s sleeve.
bad.”
. That was Peggy promising to keep her distance because she sees how uncomfortable her presence makes you.”
“We always sit together during lunch. We can divide the time in half with some days at the team table, and other days with your friends.” He ignores the second face Tony makes. He is beginning to think they are going to make very bad boyfriends if Steve
Steve finally puts Tony down when the rest of the school floods the field to congratulate the team. They're surrounded by celebrants offering congratulations but no matter how many people come up to them, Steve's hand is a constant warm weight between Tony's fingers. Steve shakes hands with the other team captain using his left hand because he refuses to let go of Tony for a single second, and Tony can't help but preen just a little at that.
“That's good,” Steve says simply as he withdraws his hand. “I feel much better now that we're out here. I've been trying to adjust all day with all of my newfound fame. I didn't realize any relationship of mine would garner so much attention.” He laughs lightly. Tony squints at him.
They move languidly for long moments, savoring the feeling of each other’s skin as they kiss, unhurried and undemanding. There’s quiet beauty in soft moments like these but Tony is capricious, and his patience only lasts so long.
“You never were very good at listening,” Tony says, trying to keep his voice light. “Not one of your stronger traits.” He almost regrets the words, he’s not sure how Steve would take them.
Tony is being a coward, but he does not want to talk about
Tony starts spending every waking hour in the labs. Sometimes, Bruce is there with a cup of tea quietly working at his station, mumbling about the possibility of interdimensional travel if they can somehow go down to the subatomic level, there was this study he read once, what’s the name again, Hank something.
“Please, darling?” Tony says as the kiss ends. They stay close, still breathing the same air.
Tony does not usually consider himself a jealous or possessive man, but watching Steve dress in velvet and silk
Tony wakes again later that morning when Steve rouses him for breakfast. Tony groans and tries to avoid the morning kisses tickling his jaw by pulling up the covers. What’s the point of a vacation if they can’t sleep in? Steve laughs and leaves him in bed, disappearing into their adjoined bathroom.
“We can kiss on the cheek,” Tony amends, thinking it over. It would probably benefit them to show a little affection to really sell their fake relationship. He takes the tablet back to add to the document.
“So how about round three?” Tony says when they part, his voice slightly breathless. He leans down to scrape his teeth along the column of Steve’s neck. His hand is already reaching down to press against Steve’s growing erection.
“Then,” Steve repeats, rolling the word over his tongue as though he's tasting it and not liking the flavor he finds. “Of course I was scared then too, when I was skinny and weak.”
“Good lord, have mercy on me,” Steve gasps, pinching Tony lightly and kissing him to stop him from torturing him more.
With a swell of pride expanding in his chest, Tony excitedly pushes open the door without remembering to knock and jogs giddily into the study. His father and uncle Obie are sitting at the enormous mahogany desk that fills nearly half the room, conversation interrupted by Tony's appearance.
Bucky flaps a hand at him before turning back to his sandwich. “Yeah, yeah, yeah, Stevie's shy about his art, the giant dork.”
Tony wants nothing more than to hold Steve and give him whatever comfort he can offer, but it is not his place. They are not friends, not anymore, and Tony has always been a coward when it comes to Steve. Tony can't take the mirroring anguish he sees in his eyes, can't stand to see big strong Steve like this. He runs again.
They spend the summer sneaking off into the woods together to swim in the forbidden sinkhole and lay spread out on the grass at night to map the stars. They swap stories of how much their parents suck, the new secretary Janet's dad is fucking that week and the new project at SI that Howard doesn't know how to finish. They make a promise with glass shard cut palms in front of the campfire that they will never become their parents.
“You spoil your brother too much, Thor. It's ridiculous. This campaign has been ongoing for over a month. Tell Loki he can join the next one.”
There's the sugar warm smell of baking cookies and the golden ginger heat of spiced cake wafting from the kitchen. Jarvis has been in a frenzy all afternoon, baking treats for Tony to bring over to Steve's for Christmas Eve.
“You can take it, baby,” Steve murmurs, and Tony nods, yeah he can take it, even though he feels stretched to his limit. “So good,” Steve says encouragingly, his voice rough like jagged gravel, “you feel so good around me. Perfect and so tight and all mine. Just look at you, sweetheart. You’re so gorgeous like this. You take my cock so well. Like you were made for me. I just want to keep you full all day, stuffed full of my cock and my come. I can’t believe you’re mine.”
“So the answer is yes. Where’d you get them?”
Their lips find each other with ecstatic fervor as Steve surges forward to meet him. Tony finds himself tugged into Steve’s lap as they kiss, and he winds his arms tight around Steve’s shoulders, reluctant to part for even a moment. Which is why he’s confused when Steve begins to pull away, a low whine edging out of his throat as Steve holds him steady with a hand at the nape of his neck.
has become. He feels sick to his stomach of the idea what if they were to have a real conversation of what they're doing, Steve will come to his senses and remember the real goal.
okay, more than okay, better than okay, this is so fucking great—” Tony rambles until Steve moves back up to press their lips together again.
“That’s very gracious of you.”
Bucky eventually comes around, and somewhere in the third week of knowing him, Tony realizes the spiky attitude is his way of trying to protect Steve from anyone who has the potential to hurt him. Tony wonders if Bucky would act the same way if he knew their relationship is fake. He reminds Tony just a little of Rhodey and in that moment, he misses Rhodey with a fierceness that burns. The guilt of not calling Rhodey and ignoring his messages bubble up high in his throat until he felt like throwing up but he forces himself to swallow that all down.
of warm air, the gust ruffling Steve’s pale gold hair.
Never in a million years would Tony have ever thought Natasha would break his trust like this, to
“Shut up, nerd,” Steve tells him, laughing slightly. Tony can feel the vibrations of his chuckles reverberate against the front of his chest.
Tony bites back his grin. Yep, there is so much more to football than just Steve. This is already looking to be kind of fun.
Eventually, he finds a sliding door to the huge wrap around deck, and the first breath of crisp fresh winter air is a balm to his overly tight heated skin. He breathes deep and slows his sigh so Howard doesn’t hear him on the other end. The deck is thankfully empty, most others unwanting to be out in the cold night as snow drifts steadily down.
“This,” Steve says, resting his palm against Tony’s sternum, feeling the bumps and ridges of the scarring beneath his hand, and the steady beat of the heart below his skin, “is
“That's none of your business,” Tony replies, feeling a spark of agitation igniting in his chest. He doesn't even know why he's still having this conversation. He could be halfway home by now. He’s reaching for his phone to text Happy to come get him when Steve's next question stops him with his hand halfway to his pocket.
Tony nodded, it was hard not to, when it was Pepper Potts in front of you. Even though they were no longer romantically involved he still had a high respect and regard for everything she did and everything she said. She was one of his best friends, she always had been and she always would be.
Bucky however is less careful about his words, he trudges over to where Steve is seated and shrugs. "We came to see if you two had gotten it on or not."
"Alright I get it." Steve groans. "But you can't tell me Natasha.." he draws out her name and instantly notices Maria's eyebrows raise, and a smirk finds Pepper's face.
Tony hums contentedly as he snuggles up against Steve’s side. “Almost. I can take a little break. What are you working on?” he asks, nodding at the paper on Steve's knee.
He feels like he's doing something illegal and illicit as Steve sneaks into the car at nine at night on a Sunday. Happy discreetly keeps the blackened divider up so they can have their privacy but it feels extra ridiculous because they’re parked behind a copse of trees at a park near Steve's house. In
him, and he thought he could be okay with that. He thought he could pick himself up, move on from this, and eventually one day, the pain in his chest might disappear. But to have Steve confess all of this, to have everything he’s ever wanted—Tony is not used to getting what he wants.
“Peggy and I broke up,” Steve says.
He doesn't wait for Steve to say anything else, shoving past him to get into the car and slams the door shut.
As cliché as that may be, Steve can think of no other term that applies when he’s so intimately close to Tony, pushing inside of him as his husband stares up with dark eyes wide and full of wonder, love, and trust. Steve doesn’t think any term but “making love”
“Nothing I do is healthy for me,” Tony mumbles to himself. “And certainly not getting into this mess with Steve,” he sighs. “Whoever sent out those fucking letters can go to hell. That’s what started this whole thing.”
. Maybe it’s the finery. Maybe it’s just Steve. But there’s a part of Tony that is one half burning obsession and one half breathless wonder he feels for his husband, a hunger and a love he feels is too big to contain on most days, and he aches with the need to be as close as possible. He thinks if he could, he would open the spines of his own rib cage to fit Steve in the hollow of his chest right next to his heart where his arc reactor had once nestled, where he’ll be kept safe and warm.
“Steve….”
“I do,” Tony says immediately with no hesitation in his voice, and Steve’s heart clenches painfully between his ribs from the look he sees in Tony’s eyes.
“I'm not going to forget you, Tony. Don't be ridiculous.”
That night, Tony calls Howard and agrees to take the SI internship. Afterwards, he sits down with shaking hands and writes his fifth and last letter.
“Archery is great,” Clint says, shrugging unapologetically. “It's really builds your arms and core.” He flexes to show his admittedly impressive biceps and strikes a ridiculous pose, grinning playfully at Tony as he waggles his eyebrows. Tony has to bite back a laugh as Steve's arms tighten around his waist.
Tony still carries the flip phone with him, hidden in his pocket and within easy reach. The small weight of it comforts him, especially when he feels unmoored, as though the vacuum of space dogs his steps, waiting for the right moment to sweep him back up into the black nothingness.
Steve rolls his eyes but there's a smile tugging at the corners of his lips as he rifles through his locker. “Actually, I'm pretty good at math and science. Lit is the tough one.”
“Everyone makes brownies,” Natasha says, handing Tony the vanilla extract. “That's boring. The holiday bake sale needs more than just a dozen trays of box bake brownies.”
“We know it's been a rocky year for Stark Industries. Did your refusal to join SI affect your mother’s suicide?”
He won't see Pepper and Natasha until fourth period lunch and who even knows when he'll see Loki. Loki comes and goes as he pleases and Tony hasn’t seen him in five days. To be fair, Tony probably should not have teased him about how hunky his step brother Thor is. Tony knows Loki will eventually come back around but he is going to pay for that one, he can feel it. He's going to suffer so much.
“Your ex-wife is going to murder you,” Steve says. “And I’m going to let her.”
, because if they had gotten any closer with no working comms, the Compound’s security system would’ve read the
.” Tony gasps with delight. “Keep that up and I'm going to start thinking that you like me, Snape, with all of these affectionate nicknames,” he says, trying not to look like he's buying time as he searches for an escape route. “In answer to that, the feeling is mutual.” He flutters his eyelashes.
. Tony had asked FRIDAY to order them a myriad of foods, ranging from pizza to chicken wings and burgers and sushi and barbecue and tacos. There are donuts and cookies and petit fours and cupcakes. Some time after the food arrives, someone asks FRIDAY to play music, and soft pop ballads begin to play over the speakers. Steve and Tony hold each other close as they sway to the beat, their friends and teammates eventually joining them on the impromptu dance floor.
“You should get some rest, Tony,” Bruce repeats and makes to get up. Tony’s hand on his wrist gives him pause.
“On what?”
Tony winces. “That bad, huh?”
Rhodey gets along with the team like a house on fire, especially with Steve, even when Rhodey is threatening him with bodily harm should he hurt Tony.
“Last year,” Steve says. He's not looking at Tony anymore but staring at the letter in his hand. “You wrote this last year. I can tell, from the things you said, the events you mentioned.”
Tony makes a small noise of disagreement.
probably like fifty times now. One time, he tried to get us to go to a Middle Earth LARP. In the middle of a forest. In Pennsylvania.”
“Did you even hear any of what I fucking said?” Howard demands as he begins to wind down. Tony can hear the clink and
Then Tony presses another kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth before stretching across the bed to reach to their bedside drawer. Steve almost stays his hand so they can continue their unhurried easy touches, but the sight of Tony slicking his own fingers and reaching between his legs to stretch himself open proves to be too much, even for Steve’s normally ironclad control. In the span of seconds, his desperation is matching Tony’s as his fingers slide in alongside his into the tight heat.
“I—yes, Tony, you’ve been in and out all week and honestly I think you should spend even more time on bed rest. Your body needs to recover.”
“Get Sandra to just let you out like that? We’ve been trying for years—”
He turns in a stumbling circle as uncontrollable laughter bubbles up in the back of his throat, disbelieving that the plan worked, it fucking
Steve gives him a bemused look but doesn’t say anything, waiting patiently for him to continue.
He is ten, and English is not his best subject. He’s just started teaching himself quantum theory for fun and he’s able to understand college level calculus but Tony sucks at writing. He knows if he only applies himself beyond writing code, his English grades will not suffer but he simply does not care.
“Aw, J,” Tony pouts. “You're ruining all the fun.”
Nevertheless, it doesn't make it any less hilarious to watch him and Bucky struggle with their skis as they wobble on shaking knees and clumsy feet, trying their best to make it halfway down the bunny slope without tipping over into the snowbanks. Bucky seems to get the hang of it quickly enough with Sam’s help but Tony is laughing too hard to be of much assistance when he watches Steve speed down the hill only to flop into the snow at the bottom.
“It does make me happy to see you happy, Anthony,” Jarvis says. “There is nothing I want more in this world than for you to be happy and warm and loved.”
Today will be the day.
“Says you who only had to wear a robot arm,” Sam retorts, reaching over to steal some of Clint’s chips.
“Don't be sorry,” Tony says. “I like learning about you. I think we could've been good friends if we tried—before.”
. He clenches his hands against Steve’s shoulders to keep him close and feels the answering tightening of Steve’s arms around his waist. He can stay like this forever.
Tony frowns slightly. “And Nebula? How’s she doing?”
She nods, an enthusiastic bob of her head. “You look very pretty,” she tells him.
actually
“Even when it seemed like there wouldn’t be anything and it was just all in my imagination, I thought what we were doing could be enough, and I thought I could deal with it but I've loved you for four years, Tony, and—”
“Do I live up to the legends?” Steve asks softly.
“The little brat knows better than to interrupt—where is Maria?
Tony gives him an unamused look. “A horrible,
“I’m sorry,” she says gently. “I didn’t realize there was anyone else out here.”
“You better make it worth my while,” Tony mumbles into Steve's shoulder, snuggling down for a nap.
“Oh, Tones,” Rhodey sighs as he pulls Tony into a long hug. He holds Tony tightly, rubbing reassuring circles into the middle of his back like he’d always done from their days at MIT to the later years through Tony's extensive recovery after the War. Tony calms almost immediately under Rhodey’s hand, even as the tears threaten to spill anyways. Rhodey smooths his palms down the front of Tony’s jacket again when they pull away and brusquely wipes a hand across his eyes.
Steve frowns, staying out of reach even as Tony tries to pull him back in for another kiss. “We
They've made it a habit to take the subway so Happy can have afternoons off when Tony goes to Steve's house, and he's loath to admit it, but he doesn't quite mind the train when he gets to spend an hour hugged in Steve's arms as a pretense of support.
“You should've stopped me from running,” she insists with a loud sigh, but her expression turns gentle as she looks from Steve to Tony, a little smile playing at the edge of her lips.
“I am quite sure you'll survive,” Jarvis says drily as he leaves. “There will be no
Steve leans down to press a kiss against his jaw, rumbling the words into his skin, “guess we’ll just have to practice until it becomes so good, you can't even say anything afterwards.”
been actually dating for months. Five months, one week and four days. That's how long we've been dating, and how long it took you to realize it.” His frown melts into a fond smile as he finally allows himself to be tugged forward, his free hand coming up to wreathe long fingers in Tony's hair. “That's okay,” he says gently. “I was—
Steve tries to talk about it the next morning, and the day after, and the day after that. But each time he tries to bring up the subject, Tony panics and distracts him with desperate kisses until they forget they were ever trying to talk at all.
All these months, wondering who sent out the letters, wondering if it was his own stupid fault for misplacing them, wondering if the press dug through his trash again, berating himself for probably donating them by accident, wondering if it was all a cruel joke. All these months, and it was Natasha, of all people who had done this to him.
“Your shorts have been ridiculously tiny all trip,” Steve growls, his hand gripping tighter around the globe of Tony's ass. He rubs the side of his face against Tony's leg, and Tony knows his skin is going to be red and sensitive from the beard burn, a reminder of their morning for the rest of the day. “What if everyone saw the marks I leave on your thighs, hmm? All marked up by me? Everyone would see how you’re all mine.”
He scowls, patented Sullen Steve Stare. “Ma,
“Good, I can't wait,” Tony mumbles into his pillows. “No one cleans on a Friday night. We should be having a party. Or at the very least taking advantage of dear old dad being out of town and invading his liquor stores. Or doing lines of cocaine or something. Like our other classmates. Instead, we’re doing what? Cleaning my room. We’re so fucking boring.”
“Okay,” Tony hedges encouragingly, waiting. He tries to swallow down his panic before it becomes a full blown fit and moves the coffee out of reach.
Besides, how does he dare to say something like that to her when he feels like an absolute hypocrite? He’s the one trying to give Steve everything, if only to have him for another day, for another handful of hours, for as long as Steve will keep him. He’s the one bending over, literally and figuratively to keep Steve away from Peggy. He can feel the shame of it all clogging his throat, and he has no right to even be in Peggy’s presence like this, not when he still aches with how Steve felt inside him this morning and aches to have him again.
He thinks about his mother’s letters and what she once told him.
“And this ex-girlfriend took Steven back?”
Tony wrinkles his nose and pretends to be disappointed. “Only pretty, baby girl? I thought I at least looked beautiful today. Possibly an eleven.”
Tony had been careless then, he had somehow allowed himself to get cornered in an empty hallway one day between classes and he was surrounded in seconds. There were four of them, and they were as big as they were dumb. Tony couldn't help himself. He never could keep his damn mouth shut, as Howard always liked to say.
It feels like an eternity before Steve reaches him even with his quick stride, and Tony feels overheated by the time Steve nears. He swallows, his throat feeling tight. He places his cup down on the ground and settles back against the chair, slowly spreading his legs. He can see the slight falter in his husband's step when he sees Tony fully naked and laid out on the lounge.
“He draws all the fuckin’ time,” Bucky interrupts. “He's really good at it. He can probably get himself an art scholarship if he wasn't aiming for that football one. Got his eye on Boston College and they ain’t passing out any art scholarships there.”
“Yes, Jarvis,” Sarah nods, as though it's perfectly normal for everyone to have a butler, and for them to negotiate detention on behalf of their absent parents. “Probably one of the nicest people I've ever met but you should've seen the way he fought to keep the situation fair. We both agreed that the two of you had every right to defend yourselves. He didn't budge an inch on trying to get what was right for you, and to get justice for those bullies who picked on you and Steve.”
Tony gathers up every ounce of bravado he has and says nonchalantly, “I don't have to try to impress Steve. I'm naturally a very impressive person.”
. He only pauses when Steve gently stills him with another soft kiss and a low murmur of, “
Steve must’ve noticed his frown because he reaches over and drags Tony close with an arm around his shoulder. His side is a warm line against Tony’s arm and he settles closer shamelessly, letting the rumble of Steve's voice soothe his rising anxiety. “I'm a fast learner. I'm already adjusting.”
“I'll ride to Brooklyn with you,” Tony promises, a wide grin tugging at his mouth. “We can make out in the car and annoy Happy. Or you can call your mom and spend the night again. Besides,” he continues, peering up at Steve from beneath his lashes, “if you leave now you're going to miss out.”
“She’s beautiful,” Steve says when he’s done. Tony startles. It’s the first time Steve has spoken to him since his return.
. He can barely stand it.
“Jesus fucking Christ,” Tony says.
“The pillow fort is great,” Tony murmurs sleepily. “Trust a giant dork like you to still make ‘em.”
The walk from the subway station to Steve's house is a short one but Tony has never actually walked through any part of Brooklyn before. Sure, he's been to the little diner his mother loved and once to the botanical gardens for a fundraising event, but he's usually driven to these places by Happy or Jarvis, and that night he had met Steve in Brooklyn to sign their contract was too dark to see much.
It's not that Tony doesn't think the senior trip will be fun, but he thinks that a vacation with just him and Steve and their own private island would be much
There on Steve’s wrist is his gold T Square bangle, T for Tony, always T for Tony. Above that are familiar bands of alloy that take Tony a moment to recognize, but once he does, all the breath gets knocked from his lungs. He exhales in a sharp gust as he looks at the cuffs that once summoned his Mark VII armor years and years ago gleaming on Steve’s arms. Seeing Steve wear them now closes liquidwarm pressure tight around Tony’s ribs and squeezes around his heart, and he doesn’t think he could love anyone more than he loves his husband in that moment.
Tony closes his eyes and breathes. Steve waits patiently as Tony mulls over the offer. He watches the rise and fall of Tony’s chest as Steve continues trailing his fingers across Tony’s abdomen, tracing along the sensitive raised scars and inked tattoos in his skin. He can feel Tony shivering in his arms when he finds the sensitive areas, and he lingers at Tony’s waist, drawing slow circles into the crest of his hips.
“Wait,” Tony says, his mouth feeling numb. “You just stormed in here, did a whole villain monologue, slammed everything on the table and used the big L word, and now you're saying ‘like’ again. I'm getting some mixed signals here, Rogers—”
“Mm, very much so,” Steve replies, his gaze focused intently on where Tony's skin is bared.
“Until death do us part,” Steve replies.
“Hmm… pass. I would rather be alone.”
of people would pay good money for those.”
The question guts Tony like a knife, resurfaces the months of arguments he had with Howard and Uncle Obie. He's stunned into silence and his feet fall to a leaden stop.
It clicks suddenly for Steve as he holds Tony in his arms. The quiet sadness when Tony looks at his own reflection and picks at his grey hairs and old scars. The uncertainty and melancholy in Tony’s eyes when he looks at himself. The silent frowns and quickening steps when he nears the glass. Tony doesn't hate the mirror. He hates the way he looks.
Now, Tony knows he isn't supposed to bother his dad when he is in his office, especially not when he has guests over. They could be talking important business, but just this once, he is so excited, he doesn't think to politely excuse himself and wait until his father has time for him.
“You’re wrinkling my suit,” Tony says, voice sounding thick.
There’s a familiar sunspun gold. A swath of forest green. The warmth of pale skin. And almost always there, in the corner of his eye is deep blue, warm and achingly familiar. That’s what he wants the most, and he finds himself reaching towards it. But he’s always falling just short of touching.
He feels like an imposter as he walks back to their room and crawls into bed next to Steve, who is already hazy half asleep. Nevertheless, strong arms reach over to pull Tony snug against a broad chest, and Tony selfishly smoothes his palm over every inch of skin he can reach, claiming and wanting.
“Of course,
Tony smiles. “Really, honeybun?”
Steve pauses, his hand still outstretched and reaching for Tony. The look in his eyes are determined.
By the last leg of their trip, Steve has a suitcase full of trinkets from Alcúdia and the Quartier Habous and Casbah for Morgan, Peter and Harley, little clay sculptures and hand beaded jewelry and sweet jams and leather bound journals that he thinks they will like. Tony looks on indulgently as he strolls hand in hand with Steve through the cobblestone streets of Fira, his husband (god, Steve is his
Tony watches the bob of Steve's Adam's apple as he swallows. “Sure,” Steve says quietly, and Tony wonders why his voice sounds so breathless.
“You’re so beautiful. I wish I could draw you like this,” Steve says, ducking down to press his lips to the dip of his throat and Tony aches from the heat he hears in Steve’s voice.
“Is-is this okay?” Steve rasps when they finally part for breath and Tony whines.
Tony heaves a deep breath. “Only one way to find out,” he says with more bravado than he feels. He curls his fingers around the reactor and pulls.
It's nice, Tony thinks, in a pseudo-suburban kind of way. It's not rural by any stretch, but it's quiet and calm and rather lovely.
Tony had always known he would love Steve forever, from the day he was old enough to know the legend of Captain America and later the even bigger story of Steve Rogers, to the moment he was lying frozen on a concrete floor in Siberia, freshly betrayed. He’d always known, had never stopped loving Steve even when that love was pure redfire agony.
Tony feels ridiculous and childish. How is he going to get through life if he starts hyperventilating every time his father calls him? He rises reluctantly from next to Steve on the rug and pockets his phone again, trying to arrange his features into a calm expression of nonchalance.
for the fifth time, and Sam has to sit between the two of them to keep them from going for each other's throats. After they calm down enough, because apparently Monopoly can destroy lifelong friendships, they start a game of blackjack. Tony is very good at counting cards, but Natasha somehow manages to clean house round after round until they all fold.
Tony is about to preach more of his undying love when the words dry up on his tongue.
They pass rows of their friends, some of whom still look gobsmacked, and others smiling through tears when they realize what’s happening. Perhaps it hadn’t been the best idea to have a surprise wedding, but neither Tony nor Steve had wanted to make it a big ostentatious event. They had simply wanted all of their friends and teammates present, and the monthly Avengers assembly was the perfect time. It’s a far cry from Tony’s last wedding, nearly opposite in all ways. This is simple and intimate, without the extravagance and months-long planning and news and tabloid speculation.
Steve looks like he wants to pull him into his arms and drag him away, their gathered audience be damned, and Tony is sorely tempted to let him. But then Rhodey is prompting Steve to speak.
“And I like a challenge,” Tony adds, measuring the flavoring carefully. The last two times he tried this, his batter came out cloyingly sweet like the scented candles Sarah loves. He wonders if it's too late to just write a check for the student union and just make a donation so he can forget this baking nonsense altogether. But he knows Steve would frown at that and the thought of Steve frowning makes something twist in Tony's gut.
The guilt weighs heavier in Tony's stomach and he feels as though he might retch. He's made such a mess of everything, hurting everyone around him with all of his stupid decisions, and nothing he ever does is right, it's all wrong, he's wrong—
Tony almost considers making Happy turn around so he can go home and change when Steve spots the car and runs up to open the door for him. Tony thinks about ducking under Steve’s arm and booking it on foot anyways. He can’t believe he’s somehow managing to fuck up a fake date. He’s wearing an old Beastie Boys shirt that says “get off my dick,” in huge yellow letters on the back for chrissakes. To a children’s museum.
On one occasion, he brings Tony a breakfast burrito that tastes so good, his eyes nearly roll into the back of his head at the first bite and he’s sure the sound he makes when he takes his second bite is positively obscene. Tony is wholly impressed with Steve’s skill in making various breakfast foods.
Tony immediately sits up. “Who—” He stops when he sees Natasha’s expression, her beautiful face twisted with guilt and remorse. “Tasha—” he tries, his voice sticking in his throat as the realization overwhelms him. “Please,
Tony laughs, humorless. “I'm earning my keep,” he quotes from Howard.
“So fucking
Bruce frowns as he peers up at Tony above his glasses. “Tony, what happened out there?” he asks gently.
“This,” Steve says, cupping the side of Tony’s jaw where the Infinity Stones had done irreparable damage and taken his right eye, now milky white and sightless, “this is the receipt from when the universe owes you a debt. You gave
“Yeah,” Tony mutters, turning away.
“What’s going on, Bruce?” Tony asks, cutting straight to the heart of it. “You’re tiptoeing around me. What aren’t you telling me? What happened in the month while I was gone?”
“How many, Tony?”
“That would’ve probably been a lot of fun,” Steve mutters. “LARPing is fun.”
Tony's heart clenches in his chest. Instinctively, he reaches out in the dark to tangle his fingers with Steve's, squeezing encouragingly and shifts to lay on his side so he can see Steve's expression.
Steve obliges him with a chaste peck, but pulls away to say, “go brush your teeth,” with a lopsided smile.
“I've never met anyone with a brain like his, Tony,” she gushes. “You two would get along so well!” Her words are a knife blade between his ribs.
Tony hunkers down in the backseat to keep out of sight in case anyone walks by.
The state championship game is the Friday before the start of Christmas break and the week leading up to the big event has the entire school abuzz with excitement. Everything is decorated with the team colors in garish swaths of red and blue and Steve can barely walk ten feet down the halls without someone clapping him on the shoulder and trying to give him a high five.
“Yeah honey, fill me up. I love how your big cock feels inside me. I’ve never been so full before. You always—
is a hackneyed Frankenstein of a ship, desperately cobbled back into functionality with parts begged and stolen from planets Tony never thought he would see. It’s barely any better than a junkpiled plane and it already took damage passing through the strato and atmospheres. One more hit from anything would’ve killed them. The landing was more crash than landing, and Tony is amazed they even survived.
Steve hums and presses another kiss to the side of Tony’s neck, nibbling gently at the skin. “Let’s stay right here,” he says, “I want to show you something.”
The smile Tony gives in return is glasspane brittle. “Thanks, J,” he murmurs as he leaves. “There's no need to worry.”
“A centenarian,” Tony croaks, apparently instinctively choosing fight. His eyes widen and before he can make any moves to try and leap off the couch and make a run for it, Steve pounces.
It had been over a decade and a lifetime. Through the pain and the joy and the end of the world they’ve found and refound and claimed each other. It had taken far too long for them to reach this happy ending and it had cost everything, but Tony would pay the price an infinite amount of times over because Steve is worth it.
Tony's brain short circuits and takes an embarrassing amount of time to reboot. “Y-you would like that, wouldn’t you?” he finally manages to gasp. “The rings, and the vows, and the tattoos aren’t enough? You want everyone to see the marks you leave too.”
Tony curls up happily against Steve's side as the opening credits start, feeling safer and braver in the dark. It's almost instinctive by this point for Steve to wrap his arm around Tony's shoulders and Tony decides definitively that the space between Steve's side and Steve's old couch is the most comfortable spot in the world.
- The fic was originally titled “Some And Now None Of You” from the song, “The Night We Met,” by Lord Huron but ultimately that didn’t quite fit, but it’s a lovely song for stevetony.
“Done already?” Steve asks, his arm automatically coming up to wrap around Tony’s shoulders.
Tony owns his whole being, and Steve had always been willing to lay his beating cracked heart at Tony’s feet, years spent hoping for the day Tony finally thinks he’s worth keeping. Steve belonged to him even when they were on the opposite ends of a battlefield, and now that Steve gets to finally have Tony, has had him for years now, the excitement and novelty never leaves. Steve is overwhelmed with wondrous elation every time he gets to be this close to Tony.
“That’s right,” Tony replies softly. “Steven Grant Stark-Rogers,” he says, turning the words over his tongue as though he’s savoring the syllables.
Before he can gather the coherence to protest, he hears the shuffle of wet fabric and the sound of Steve shucking his shorts. He can feel Steve shifting behind him and then a low chuckle when his husband finds the lube he’d brought from their room.
Tony is gorgeously responsive. He gasps against Steve’s mouth, his little pants of breath warm against Steve’s lips as their hips meet, and Steve can feel Tony’s hardness against his own. His hand trails from Tony’s nipple where he had been rubbing and teasing until Tony is bucking up against him, down to the crest of his hip and lower still to grip the curve of his ass to bring them closer, their erections sliding together.
apply to the intimacy they share as Tony surrenders to him, and he knows he’ll never have this with anyone else, because how can he possibly love anyone the way he loves Tony?
“Loving, kind, tenacious, generous, tiny,” Steve continues with a wide grin, as Tony makes a small noise of protest.
“The clause is that we only touch when there are others who can see,” Tony explains. “What’s the point of being touchy feely in private?”
“Let’s go to bed,” Tony says again, his head tipping back to rest against Steve’s shoulder.
was the one who kicked him in the chest. “You don’t mean that,” he tries.
“So,” Tony begins. “Married, huh?”
Something in Steve's expression cracks a little for a split second, and if Tony hasn't spent so much time looking at him (a secret he will take to his grave), he would never have noticed. As suddenly as the crack appears, it's gone and Steve is back to looking politely bland and unreadable.
willing to wait.”
On the seventh day, he goes upstairs for breakfast and finds Jarvis in the pantry. Tony pulls him into a hug as tears drip from his eyes, and Jarvis shakes as he holds him close. Tony's heart is feeling the slightest bit better. He can feel the cracks keloiding closed, cell by cell, sinuous fiber armoring the weakest parts of him, and he begins to forgive. Later that day, he calls Natasha.
Tony bites hard on his tongue to keep his words in, settling in to tune out the acerbic words even as the hand holding his phone trembles. He wanders aimlessly in the hall as Howard rants, smiling tensely at the classmates he passes.
“You alright, darlin’?” Steve asks, pressing a kiss to the side of Tony’s head. His thumb strokes along the side of Tony’s ribs, making him squirm a little.
But—gala. They have an event they must attend in a little under an hour. Tony reluctantly pulls away.
It's way too fucking early and Tony is not nearly lucid enough to operate at full capacity. His face is mashed against the top of the table and he's probably drooling slightly when he's woken from his doze. The hall outside is filling with other students, chattering inanely about their summers. Tony tries his best to block them out by covering his head with his arms, but suddenly there’s the sharp black smell of coffee and he groggily lifts up his head, sniffing the air.
“Steve—” Tony gasps, his voice tapering into a sharp whine as his husband tightens his fingers on his hips to keep him still before expertly licking into him again. He clenches his fists into the towel beneath him just to ground himself a little bit, pushing back against Steve’s tongue to get it deeper and feeling the hairs of his beard scrape against the sensitive skin of his thighs. “O-oh
Tony nearly chokes on his drink. He tries to imagine Steve pompously name dropping and nearly dissolves into a fit of laughter. “Probably not,” he says, chuckling. “They’ll probably skip
Pepper finds him there later that night and holds him close as he shakes with tears, smoothing gentle hands down the bowed curve of his back.
He hasn't seen Steve in four days since Howard emailed him about his newest blunder. Steve is very understanding, if not more and more worried sounding with every passing day that Tony doesn't show up during their lunch period and he knows Steve has been asking Loki and Nat and even Jarvis for updates on him.
Tony scowls and quickly scrubs his palm over his eyes before pressing a kiss to Rhodey’s cheek. “I'm always good. Have a safe trip, Rhodey-bear. Are you sure I can't just come with you, or pay them to let me graduate, or buy the school, or—”
“That’s not a no,” Tony points out. He leans in closer and lowers his voice to a gravel pitch. “How about a full set next time? A little bra with panties? Translucent lace. All black. Maybe heels? Maybe some lipstick that’ll get smeared all over your dick when I suck you off. You can fuck me on my hands and knees with the bra and panties on, so you can see your mark above my ass as you fuck me open—”
“Just Boston,” Tony repeats to himself, feeling slightly numb. “It's not like that's all the way in fucking Massachusetts.”
Tony nods dutifully but he can’t help thinking they’re not, not really. Starks are simply war mongers who sell to the highest bidder, bottom feeders with no honor and even less scruples. They’re not a military family. He feels like a fraud again, an imposter in all things.
“Shut up, I’m a senior citizen,” Steve returns. “I’m allowed to be confused. But you’re still my gorgeous, young, silver fox husband,” he adds, punctuating each word with a kiss just to see Tony smile. “And I’m the old man who gets to have him.”
For all of his grace on the field, Steve has two left feet when he dances. He steps on Tony's toes every couple of steps and Tony finds that he doesn't mind so much when Steve kisses him in apology each time.
“You like ‘em?” Tony asks, wriggling slightly in Steve’s lap.
Steve looks at him for a long moment and Tony steadily holds his gaze despite his rabbiting heart until Steve turns away first.
Why the fuck are they doing this when Happy is above ground probably still waiting for them? It makes no fucking sense. He plants his feet by the card machines and steadfastly refuses to move as travelers part around them, glaring in annoyance.
Steve is bright and golden, blinding like the sun, and everyone else fades into the background around him. Has he always looked like that, Tony wonders, or is this the rosetinted vision Jarvis told him about?
“Okay,” Steve says breathlessly. “Yeah,
Steve had squeezed his hand tightly, a warning or reassurance, Tony still doesn't know, but it had prevented him from launching into a ramble that definitely would have been taken the wrong way by the team, none of whom were used to Tony's charms.
“Wow,” Tony breathes, speechless.
The look Bruce gives him is sad and sympathetic.
Steve’s eyes crinkle at the corners when he smiles, and he’s so handsome like this. A vision in black, the only hints of color are the ink tattooed on his hands. Steve raises one questioning brow. “
Steve presses a soft kiss to Tony's temple. “Please let me finish. I’m going somewhere with this, I promise,” and he waits for Tonys halting nod before he continues, “This,” Steve says, raking gentle fingers through Tony's greying hair, salt and pepper between warm mahogany brown, “is a life well lived. You experienced so much and it’s only made you stronger and better. Gold might be your color, but silver is beautiful on you.”
“I loved you then,” Steve replies. “I love you now, and I love you more and more with every passing day.”
“I’m fine,” Tony insists, not thinking about Steve. “It was just the chest wound. Everything else is just par the course.” He balls his shaking hands into tight fists and curls them into the sheets to stop the tremors. “I’m fine.”
Tony barely notices the familiar cap click of the lube Steve magicked from one of their many stashes hidden around their room, still entranced with Steve’s chest when he feels slick fingers circling his entrance. He arches nearly off Steve’s lap as one hand pushes aside the tiny swatch of his panties to find him and slowly presses a finger inside, two knuckles deep.
“Someone's been playing too many war games,” Steve says lightly but he does turn around to greet Happy in the booth behind him, and Happy the traitor actually smiles cheerfully and says hi back.
Tony can feel the way Steve is staring down at him with the wild look of desperation in his eyes, panic tensing the grip of his fingers. Tony turns slightly. He doesn’t want to look at him. He doesn’t want to see Steve’s expression, or hear whatever excuse he wants to say.
He remembers sitting in one of the corner booths with his mother and Jarvis. This is a place where she had felt comfortable enough to shed her public mask, and settled back into the comfortable skin of Maria Carbonell for a few precious hours before she had to be Maria Stark, public figure, socialite, and wife of Howard Stark of the Stark Industries fortune again.
“Hey—” Tony protests weakly, letting the steady rhythm of Steve’s breathing lull him to sleep. The last thing he feels as he drifts off is the feather light touch of Steve's lips against his forehead.
“Fucking hell—”
Steve tilts his chin up for a kiss. His eyes are glinting with promise when he murmurs, “I definitely will.”
Tony might've found the boggled stares funny if they weren't directed at him, and more specifically, at him and Steve as they walk into school together on Monday. Instead, there are butterflies with lead tipped wings fluttering in his belly, their weight heavy and unwelcome. He should be used to being the center of everyone's attention. He's attended galas and events and press conferences for Stark Industries, been the focus of tabloid speculation, had his photo taken unexpectedly in the streets, but this feels different somehow. Strange, and heavy, and brittle, all at the same time.
Tony curls his hand against the nape of Steve's neck, fingers twining around the short strands of Steve’s sweat drenched hair. He whimpers softly when Steve tightens his grip, pulling him flush until there's no space between them. The hard plastic of Steve's sports armor digs painfully into Tony's ribs, but it's all white noise drowned beneath the feeling of Steve's lips against his own.
“We’ve been through a lot, my love, together and apart.” Tony can hear his voice wobbling slightly, and he clears his throat but the lump there does not disappear. He forges on. “We’ve already been through the thick and thin, the happiness and the strife, the sickness and health, and we don’t have to worry about money, because hello, billionaire and—nevermind. And we’re here now. I’ll be honest, when I was staring at the poster of Captain America in my boarding school dorm that definitely didn’t exist, I never would’ve believed in a million years I would stand before you now,
The gentle kiss intensifies as Tony tangles his fingers in Steve’s dripping hair, pulling him in to slot their mouths closer together, tilting his head for the perfect angle. He opens eagerly for Steve’s tongue sweeping along his bottom lip, sucking on it to hear Steve moan. He can feel Steve’s hand clenching around the curve of his hip and the thick heated length of Steve’s erection pressing against his thigh.
