Using his powers, Peter clung onto the man even as the genius’ arms dropped to his sides, legs failing to keep him upright.
“Promise me that you’ll at least try to get away, if something happens. That you’ll try to come with us.”
There was no hiding that Tony enjoyed the warmth radiating from the man. Both soldiers were like furnaces, and he couldn’t stop the feelings he’d begun to feel in that instance. Tony curled further into the hold, letting himself enjoy the warmth of the man he would soon leave behind.
“Turn them off!” Steve shouts when Clint lets out a pained cry as one of the bots flings him to the ground.
Making grabby hands at the tray of pizza, Tony whined her name in hopes that she would take pity on him. He was relieved to find that she did, rolling her eyes but giving him a piece before putting the tray on the table so the rest could grab their own pieces.
The genius had passed out from a long day of attempting to distract Peter from the fact that they were stuck underground on his birthday. May and Rhodey had done their best at creating a cake, but the recipe was bland as they had to substitute ingredients that hadn’t been kept in the bunker due to their expiration date.
It’s the usual silence, the two soldiers on either side of Tony as they face the quiet film they’ve selected for the night. He’s expected to sleep first, especially since the two men claim that they don’t need as much rest as a regular person due to the serum.
So, Tony did his best to stay curious, although most of his attention was focused on hugging the kid next to him. He shamelessly buried his nose in Peter’s brown curls, taking in the fact that the kid was solid in his arms. Rogers and Buchanan hadn’t been able to snag him from Tony, and that was more important than being beat by a different genius in the tech department.
Subtly, Wanda tilts her head in a gesture for Tony to look over her shoulder. When he does, the genius notices that the team has returned, and are trying desperately to break into the room. His eyes widen a fraction as he looks back at the girl. She won’t make it out alive if she pretends to be hurting him.
“Just because you have a suit, doesn’t mean you shouldn’t learn how to defend yourself,” Rhodey explained for what felt like the hundredth time to the annoyed genius.
On instinct the genius turns and slams the half drained mug into Bucky’s chest, catching the soldier by surprise. The man slides back in shock, and watches as the genius jumps into the shards of broken glass and sprints past him and into the hallway.
Bruce had to know that Jarvis’ data had been stretched thin. The man had to know that the A.I. would need a recovery period before the group could truly get him safely into a non-avengers server. Feeling his breath leave him, Tony sprinted after the monster.
A throat cleared, sending two faces flying in the direction of the door. Sam grinned, waving an awkward hand at the two of them. “It’s practice time Marvel, let’s go.”
With a laugh at just how clumsy the child was, Clint reached forward and gently flicked his nose. The action sent Peter flying forward, face colliding with the man’s thigh as he chuckled at the reaction. However, before anyone could process what was happening, Peter’s angry cries turned into wicked sobs. His mouth opening wide as he all but screamed at the top of his lungs.
Shaking, Tony pushed himself as far as his body allowed. He intended to get off the bed, but found that while one leg was in a cast, the other had a thin chain secured around the ankle to the bedpost. He’d be able to move away from the bed, but only so far.
“When I originally had to get the arc reactor put into my chest, there were elements inside that were slowly poisoning me. I figured out a cure, but it meant creating a whole new element to fix it.” Tony explained. “And I have no idea how the serum and de-aging process that they’ve done to me is going to effect the poisoning.”
Tony watched him go in bemusement, only looking down at the articles of clothing Peter had thrown his way once the kid had left the room. He was surprised to find science pun t-shirts that had been bought in his size, and comfortable black sweats or the choice of jeans. Underwear and socks with the clothing.
“Really kid, this is why you’re still single as a teenager, you know?” Tony grinned, standing up so that he could look down at his semi-younger body. “I would say I’m about twenty-one or two at the moment.” As the words left the man’s mouth, they started to slow as if he were coming to a horrible realization.
They had left him the coffee machine, alongside it the music player that Steve had given him the night before.
The archer ran into the room, looking a cross between excited and terrified with a struggling orange bundle in his arms.
“We’ll get his wounds fixed too,” Bruce piped up. Turning to follow Bucky and the still screaming Peter from the room.
Steve’s hand moved forward to stroke Tony’s hair, and it wasn’t long before the genius turned into a puddle of goo. He curled his legs up into the sofa, shifting so that the arc reactor sat as comfortable as it could get. He also ignored the little voice in his head that reminded him that what was happening was wrong, and that he needed to fix the poisoning.
It wasn’t until his pillow moved under him that Tony realized that the soft mattress underneath him was actually a person. He couldn’t withhold a squeak of surprise, the person immediately chuckling at his reaction.
They had walked for a long time, coming upon an old farm house that had been placed in the middle of a few trees. A big, wide porch wrapped around the entire two story structure, painted a soft white. It was exactly what someone would picture as a lovely, quiet escape house.
The moment Tony had agreed to take part in the rescue mission, protests had filled the room. No one wanted to see the genius put in harm’s way again, especially after having just gotten him back. But Tony was stubborn, and the particular trait hadn’t disappeared in the care of the soldiers. It took only minutes for people to realize that the man would not budge, he was helping.
“So a bad feeling then?” Tony quipped, grabbing Peter’s hand to stand. “Okay, then that’s what I have?”
“Avengers,” Steve turned on his heel, looking over the excited, blood hungry faces of the people who made up part of his family. “Assemble.”
T’Challa had explained that once Jarvis was transferred, the group would be boarding the craft to get back to his home country. There, it would be safer for the group to be off the radar from the Avengers. Their technology was beyond anything that Tony could imagine, at least that’s what his Platypus had assured him.
Bruce had disappeared after an hour, claiming that he would cook them dinner in order to stay calm. He wasn’t happy that the only other person who understood his level of work was gone. Natasha and Clint had gone to the gym to get out some excess energy along with Sam. The three had been easy going since everything had happened but having heard of the failed capture had put a dent in their mood.
The punishment had only stopped when she had left, and Tony was a blundering mess. Like Steve, the brunette had curled the genius to his chest with sweet promises of good things for better behavior.
“I will not hurt you, Tony.” She reassures when she notices that he’s stiff from the new tendril. “But I must look like I want to, so they think I will.”
He motioned towards the door, pressing a small button in a device in his ear that seemed to indicate a message to someone outside of the room.
It had been after watching an old animated cartoon about a rabbit and a detective, where they were using a chemical to melt away the cartoons from the world. Tony would have never wanted it to go into production, the terror of something like it in the world had been a horror he hadn’t been ready to face.
When Tony finishes his meal, Bucky doesn’t leave right away. Choosing to watch as the man scoots back under the machine and starts working. He doesn’t make a comment about the fact that Tony doesn’t bother putting on the gloves.
And maybe, he’d start to feel a little less helpless when he had power tools back in his hands. Nodding, the genius gulped down the rest of the coffee and handed the empty cup to Steve, taking his time to slide out from the covers and pull himself to his feet. He managed to stay up straight, even if he swayed for a moment.
Not questioning it, Peter simply pushed the man into the room, although he was confused when instead of looking for a part Tony turned his chair to face the kid instead.
As he laughed and cried, his body slowly curled forward and there was no warning as the soup that had barely reached his stomach came flying back out. Bucky was quick to jump out of the way, but Steve, whom was still holding Tony in his lap, hadn’t been so lucky.
“If you don’t stop pacing, they’re never going to get it done,” Bucky final drawled, holstering his gun to glance at the raging blond.
“You don’t look so good, doll.” Bucky all but whispered. “Haven’t been sleeping or eating much, I hear.” The man set down the platter he had in his hand onto the side table, raising a brow at the ruffled looking Tony.
The pencil stopped as Steve gave an affirming nod towards whatever he was looking at, and raised a finger to his mouth in the universal sign of silence. The man unfolded himself from the chair with a grace that would have made the genius envious if it weren’t for the fact that he’s moving forward towards the bed.
Everything was done quickly and efficiently, trying to keep the groggy Tony from freaking out more than he already was in the water. They even moved him out rapidly, drying the shivering man and making sure the oxygen mask was back in place.
A comfortable silence fell over the two, Tony slumped against the counter with his head resting on his folded arms. The blanket forming a warm cocoon around his body.
“Jarvis, any updates?” The A.I. had remained quite until that point, quickly replying that the Avengers had not announced their capture of Peter, and that no one had seen or heard of the child.
“Marvelous?” She cut in sarcastically, brow raised, hands now free as they crossed over her chest in a defiant stance. Completely unamused.
“When I saw you, I just knew we had to have you. We want to keep the promise we made, but we’re keeping it for you.” Rogers grinned. “You’re exactly what we need Tony, it’s why we’re keeping you. It might take a while to get you to see that we’re the only option, but we’ll take good care of you. When we learned that you’re not only kind and sweet but have a tendency to not take care of yourself, we knew we’d have to keep you.”
“It should be as simple as-“ he’s immediately cut off when the window explodes in front of them. The bots have been programmed to go after the Avengers, and there’s one in the booth.
As he’s looking at the blond he doesn’t miss a large metal door that slowly creaks open as they pass. He catches a glimpse of a windowless corridor and suddenly Tony’s brain is on high alert. He is no longer passive on the chair, his breathing hitching as he tries to launch himself away from the men.
He hands reached down quickly to slap the hand that had started to go for the second cookie. “Nope, these are mine.” He threw a sideways glance at the soldier and was relieved to find the male smiling in amusement.
Bucky stands just behind where the girl had been, a smoking gun lowered and holstered as he shoots her a passing glance.
“You almost gave Peter his own heart attack, don’t do it again.” The voice was soft, spoken from the porch of a house Tony had only seen in his dreams.
At the age of six, Anthony had learned that Stark men were made of iron after he fell and broke his arm during a press conference. In front of the press, Howard Stark had acted as a parent should. Concerned, he’d lifted the child and all but disappeared from the stage with Maria Stark at his heels. Off camera, his gentle grip had tightened and he had blown up on the child.
Instantly, Roger’s voice filled his ears as the arm around his waist tightened in a gesture meant to be comforting.
Slamming the door open, Tony froze on the threshold, eyes watching in horror as the green monster slowly lifted the main server to his chest.
“No, Jarvis. I don’t want to put more lives in danger. Besides, not like I’m exactly fit at the moment to be making any getaways.” He waved a hand over himself. He hadn’t gotten much better since leaving medical, only improving on his breathing a bit and some of his strength. Beyond that, the fever was still prevalent, he still shook like a newborn, and he couldn’t stop coughing.
“Tony,” it was Bucky. The man’s voice was firm, with no room for argument as he spoke. “Hand over Peter, now.”
“You listen to me Anthony Stark. I’m leaving, and I’m taking you with me. I don’t have the details, but I can figure out exactly what’s confusing your mind.” She growled.
Immediately, he threw a finger to his lips and shushed her, not wanting the others to get even a hint of the new situation. After going back to sleep, he’d woken to find himself curled into Steve. The super soldier had no doubt been extremely worried when he couldn’t wake the genius from his dreams and had taken to clinging to Tony.
He’d watched the affection between the two men, and had found himself aching to have it too. It was one of the reasons that they had started to openly show that Tony was quickly becoming a part of their relationship. Hell, he’d nearly taken it a step further when the two men had started to sleep in only boxers when he’d grown comfortable.
Tony growled, literally let out the sound as he imagined all the things that had happened to Peter in the time he was under. How could he have allowed this to happen? This was his fault, they were after the kid because of him.
Carol, deciding that she no longer was going to wait for Tony, ambled into the room and settled onto the other end of the sofa.
The hands gently started to remove all the restraints, reluctant only for a moment before they made sure all the cords were gone and wound up away from the bed. The figure then gently took a seat on the bed and ran a hand through his hair, the affection unmistakable.
Tony, whom is trying to look sharply at his meal and not at Loki, startles at the sound. He catches glittering green eyes before meeting Thor’s grinning face. He wants to tell the god not to call him that, not to reference him to a man who didn’t care about him, instead he raises a brow.
Right before Tony could toss himself from the side of the building, however, a hand grabbed onto his arm and refused to let go. And unlike most grips, this one was so tight that the armor groaned in warning as it started to bend in the hold.
Tony felt his brows raising high, taking in what they had put together and trying desperately to understand how they were going to build anything with the pieces. He’s surprised to find Steve wearing a sheepish look, one hand clutching a tool bag that he picks up from the side of the materials.
For the first time Tony pulled back slowly, although his hand didn’t release its death hold on the blonde’s shirt. He noticed a book had been settled right on Steve’s hip, as if the man had set it down when Tony had turned him to cuddle. Because that’s what they were doing, and there was no denying it.
He jumped a bit when the oxygen mask was placed over his nose and mouth again, the blond looking like he was having the time of his life.
Without hesitating, and realizing that the kid was right, Steve once again asked Bucky to leave the room with the boy. There was a large level of protest, but Tony was so gone he didn’t hear the cries.
Tony barely dodges, and with a startled yelp, he realizes that he’s made a grave mistake. He set the bots to go after the original team, and he’s Iron Man.
Taking every ounce of willpower that he could muster, Tony finally nodded his head and allowed Bruce to move Peter so that the child was sitting at the very edge of his lap. If not for the seriousness of the wounds, the fact that everyone was covered in oatmeal would have likely sent Tony into another set of inappropriate giggles.
Tony had succumbed to his exhaustion once they had settled on reruns of an old sitcom, feeling like he could finally relax with Peter settled safely in his arms. The kid had remained awake, vigilant even as the echoes of sleep tried desperately to summon him under.
The kid didn’t want to leave his adopted father’s side, just the idea of never seeing Tony again filled him with anxiety. He loved his aunt, he loved the others, but the man had filled a hole in his heart that he had never expected anyone would be able to fill. One he hadn’t known existed until Tony had come along.
She tilted her head, the soft raise of the side of her lips as she gazed unblinking at the frozen man. “You have forgotten, but I will show you.”
The genius turned his attention to the kid, who looked as if he were trying not to laugh as he didn’t dare make eye contact with the man. It was clear that they weren’t worried about Tony panicking again, not when everyone looked almost amused at whatever was going on.
When he received a nod in return, the blond grinned and kissed Bucky again before turning away. “Let’s go to the training room, I don’t want them to start without us.”
Tony’s brows furrow as he watched the blond move, nodding again to the person he can safely say was behind him, just out of view.  However, knowing that someone was nearby did not stop the fact that he wanted to freak out the moment a hand settled on his shoulder. The only thing that kept the genius from having another panic attack was the small child whom curled closer as if sensing his distress.
Instead, the two men think that Tony is afraid of what he experienced and promise to not leave him alone.  Promise to protect him.
“You’re going to help us, in a training exercise.” He laughed when protests immediately lifted, begging and denial. “Room 3, I think.”
“Sir, if I may, would you like me to move your things as well? We still have time, as they have not managed to trace our exact location.”
His smile turned positively wicked as he looked at the shivering man before him, Bucky acting as a wall against the man’s escape from the room. “If we get to him before you do, in five days, I think we need a new head of tech.”
Grinning widely, he leaned forward and pecked Rhodey on the cheek before jumping to his feet, glad for a distraction from his nerves.
Tony nods, using his good leg to stand so that he can lean forward and get a clear view of the large training room.
The young woman had been rendered powerless, likely in the same way they had obtained Wanda. However, Tony figured that it was only a matter of time before whatever device or injection they used would wear off, and she’d be free to run.
“Tony, if you’re hearing this, we’re coming for you. We’ll make sure you’re safe.” Rogers was speaking to a room full of people, but his voice still sent a chill down Tony’s spine as if the man were in the same room. “I don’t know what that mutant has done to you, but we’ll keep you safe.”
“I may have to reinsert some of these, but you’re mostly in the clear.” He pointed towards Tony’s wrist, making sure the man could see it before explaining. “We had to wrap this up, you tore it up and we had to stitch it closed. It’ll get better soon enough, but you can’t move it too much.”
He doesn’t know how long it takes them to clean up the mess of having a dead person in the room, but Tony knows that by the time he’s taken back any evidence of Wanda will be gone. Fortunately, the group hadn’t heard what she had done, and therefore hadn’t tried to do something crazy, like removing his hand.
“Barnes and Rogers!” He managed to shriek in his panicked breath, hearing the men gaining on him as he sprinted towards the wall. “They’re here Tony! What do I do! They’re gaining!” The teen was panicking, his training falling to the back of his mind as he desperately tried to get away from the super soldiers.
However, the kid used to have nightmares as bad as Tony, and they both suffered from insomnia when they lived together in the bunker. If Peter was asleep, Tony had every intention of not waking him up.
With a yelp Tony flung himself off the bed, ignoring how the splinters dug into his good foot while his leg threatened to collapse from underneath him. The pain was shocking, and he started to tumble forward when the red light stopped it from happening.
After the escape, they had gathered the heads of their security teams, as well as their two lead technicians, and put them all in one room. In order to keep their own lives, the rest of the security detail had eagerly volunteered to stand guard in the corners of the room. No one making a sound, as if standing like a statue would save them from a fate worse than they could begin to imagine.
Peter laughed and went back to training with the other two men, leaving Tony on the ground to catch his breath. Despite the exhaustion, this was an almost daily routine for them all, it helped keep the focus away from the fact that they were hiding in a bunker.
“Ah, yes,” Edwin smiled, sitting up after he planted a gentle kiss on the genius’ temple. “Safe. But let me ask you this, if life was safe, would you have accomplished all you have done?”
He couldn’t withhold a small chuckle at the thought of T’Challa attempting to stop the two from some crazy experiment.
“I’m sorry, I know that he isn’t your child by blood. But that boy threatened a king several times, and only someone who truly loves another would do this.” T’Challa even managed to shrug regally as he continued. “We made a plan, and now you’re here. When night falls, we will take my jet to Wakanda.”
He quickly glanced down at his chest, seeing that everything was in working order. The blue light glowed brightly beneath the hospital gown he’d been put in.
“I think you may want to play sick for a minute,” was the only warning he got before Tony caught a glimpse of red stomping in his direction.
“You opened your stitches… again.” Bruce threw a hand on his forehead, shaking his head. “Sam, you and Clint hold onto each other and follow me. Nat, I think you’re good to walk on your own?”
When he looked up again, the craft was already in the sky, moving away. There was no sign of his family anywhere, which must have meant that Peter used his webs to attach to the craft. Tony was proud, his lips lifting in a smile at a small victory even as he felt a large hand touch his midback.
“That’s it, I’m not helping you make a lightsaber!” He declared, shaking his head. “You can do it on your own, your freaking royal highness!”
“He’s resting kiddo,” Bucky explained gently. “But we’re going to see him at lunch, okay?” The last time he’d spoken so sweetly to someone was when Stevie was still tiny, again, something pinged in his stomach, but he pushed it away.
Tony hadn’t argued, only curled into the bed and tried desperately to set his mind at ease to allow sleep to come. It didn’t.
Without his helmet to block him from the rest of the team, Tony had even started to joke with Sam at dinner. He’d pulled a prank or two with Clint (although the punishment hadn’t been harsh, as the two super soldiers had been pleased he’d started to fit in). He’d even spared with Natasha when she’d claimed to the two soldiers that he had to at least have the means to protect himself if something happened. It was one of the reasons he still had some muscle left.
He grimaced, “you’ve been sweating from your attack. Stevie’s gonna put you in the shower and then we’re going to get you into bed, okay?”
On the third night, both soldiers had appeared. The genius had complained, not wanting to have to be around the two men at the same time in such an intimate position. Steve had logically explained that while he was in a relationship with Bucky, they had every intention of taking Tony too. The genius had quickly begun to panic and had to be reassured that nothing would happen to him… yet.
She smiles, but there is no real joy, just sadness that he’s too familiar with. He’s seen the look before, it’s of someone whose been defeated.
“Would you like me to patch you through to his communicator sir?” Jarvis asked, “he hasn’t removed it since this afternoon.”
Per usual, on nights when they all trained, he was left in the apartments to do as he pleased. They had placed a bracelet on his wrist that was created from a heavy metal, a tracker.
The lab wasn’t exactly up to par with what Tony was used to, but they had also explained that as time passed they would let him build it up to what he wanted. There were several metal tables set throughout the room, with a variety of tools on each.
Tony got so lost in his work, that he didn’t notice the presence that had entered the lab until a hand had gently rested on his shoulder.
“I can track him down!” The man wanted to save his own neck, and if begging meant saving it, he’d do it on his hands and knees. “I can do whatever you want, please! I’ll find him, I’ll make sure he never gets out again! Please!”
“Is the water okay?” He asked absentmindedly, already scrubbing away the little bit of oatmeal that had gotten on the man.
Arriving in Peter’s room, Tony used his foot to close the door behind them with a gentle click. He settled Peter on his feet only to watch as the child immediately runs around the room checking for bugs. With nothing better to do, Tony made himself useful and began to help, looking for cameras to make sure that they were not being watched.
The sudden surprised shriek from Peter did nothing to calm the genius down, especially when he felt something pinch him right between his neck and shoulder. “Daddy!” The kid screamed, pulling back in horror as Tony realized someone had hit him with some sort of muscle relaxant, body slowly starting to fall apart.
His blue eyes were shining, filled with life and hope. He didn’t look sick, only a bit pale from having lost blood the day prior. There were a few new scars to add to the equation, but the arc reactor still glowed in his chest. He was still the same old Tony that he had thought he’d left behind in the bunker.
“A watch? Are you okay?” Carol slipped it on her wrist, watching as it tightened so that it wouldn’t fall off.
“She won’t be forced to join us; she will be free to leave if she chooses. But if she stays where she currently is, we won’t be able to help her.”
Tony acted stunned, letting it show on his face even as he tried to calculate exactly what he could do to make the bots actually kill the people in front of him. “You’d… you would let me actually use machinery?”
The blond scowled, looking like she wanted nothing more than to punch the living daylights out of the soldier. Instead, she nodded and started eating her own food, glaring daggers at Bucky as she ate.
Like they’ve been doing for the past days, dinner is served with everyone present. No one is absent for a mission or to deal with any uprising, and Thor and Loki have also been invited to the meal. And while Bucky and Steve have both taken a seat on either side of him, Tony can’t shake the amused looks that the trickster god continues to throw at him.
Startled, Tony sat up with a shriek. His head only saved from colliding with Steve’s because of the man’s quick reflexes. He found himself still lying between the two men, sweating profusely like he’d just jogged a marathon.
However, for one night, he would stay. For one night, he’d pretend that everything was fine, and he wasn’t thinking about leaving the duo behind. There was no denying in a small, twisted sense, he loved them.
Tony squinted, and finally the swimming pool in his brain settled so that he could see through the waves into familiar brown eyes.
He didn’t have to worry about being in danger, as they would never leave him alone when something potentially harmful was in the area.
Tony had remained on the bed for quite some time, fighting over the idea that the kisses hadn’t bothered him. In fact, he had to fight the feeling in his chest that was suddenly longing for the two men.
Steve looked grim, silent for a moment before he finally nodded in agreement. Tony’s shoulders fell, and the two men were quick to follow the request.
Edwin took over. “You’re only here because you need to be,” he paused. “You’re about to sacrifice everything, because you think it’s the right thing to do. And while we can’t deprogram you from what you’ve already suffered, we can try to convince you.”
And while the sights and sounds of the men dying still haunted and scared him, Tony found a weird, small sense of relief that they were gone. Had Roger’s done something terrible, but committed a favor for the world?
Natasha raised a brow, a characteristic that Tony wanted to smack right off her face. The tilt on the side of her mouth in amusement shot a sinking filling in the pit of his stomach.
For some reason, dread built in his stomach. Something told Tony not to turn around and face whomever had stepped into the room. But he wasn’t a coward, and with a swift intake of breath to brace himself, he spun in place.
The entire team has assembled; full gear ready to fight the bots that the genius has enhanced. He doesn’t want to admit that the Captain looks good in his tight uniform, doesn’t miss the smile thrown up at their booth when Bucky sees him looking.
“Just because I have good reflexes, doesn’t mean you have to toss things at me when you’re bored,” Peter grumbled, placing the tool down as he looked over the equations on the Stark Pad on his lap. He ignored the muffled giggle from the genius across the room.
Tony didn’t even complete the trip down the hallway, the exhaustion, fear, and stress finally overriding his already spent system and sending him under. He had never been more grateful to pass out into the darkness.
Shuri had turned her attention to protecting Spider-Man from oncoming arrows so he could focus his sole attention on the Falcon. It was obvious that both teenagers could handle defending themselves, but as a team they were doing wonders.
“Right away sir,” the A.I. responded, even if it sounded reluctant. Tony smiled, one thing off the list, now all he had to do was speak to Peter alone.
Tony scoffed, “I’m not out of it platypus, he didn’t say much at all, if that.” The genius grinned, the atmosphere of the room easing as he started to try to forget the episode he’d had only moments before. “Why don’t we at least head towards our transport? Seriously, what’s the worst that can happen?”
Not having Bucky and Steve coddling him makes breathing a little easier. Of course, being under a machine covered in oil and grease also relaxes Tony unlike anything else. Even if the other scientist is supervising, Bruce seems to trust him enough to let him do as he pleases.
“I was sent to pass on a message,” she draws his attention back. “You need to hold on Tony, to escape. You need to see what they’re doing and figure out how we’re going to put an end to it. But you can’t break, you can’t give into them.”
“Rhodey tried to sneak into my mansion to throw pie in my face in the middle of the night,” Tony spoke with glee, ignoring the look he was receiving from his friend.
“I was born human,” she explained. “But there was an…” she paused, looking for the right word. “Accident… and let’s just say I’m not a mutant, but I’m not entirely human either.”
Tony felt his heart pick up in worry for the kid and was back to wrapping his arms around him and curling away from the men in front of his chair.
Once they had understood why Peter had left, the protest had died down. Although May had started to cry and taken comfort in a rare Happy embrace. Every year on his birthday, since his uncle had died, Peter would go to the graveyard to spend some time with the deceased family member. The kid liked to talk to the man, tell him what was happening. He couldn’t break the tradition.
A pinch at the tip of his neck alerted Tony that not everything was alright, and the world slurred as the king launched forward and grabbed him before he could collapse on the ground. The man sat him on a seat, strapping Tony in as he tried to get the genius to meet his eyes.
“Excuse you?” Pepper returned, no coffee mug in sight but a tray stacked with oven pizza’s in her hands. The other two following behind with similar trays. “Just for that, I should make you a salad.”
“Please Tony?” The words were spoken quietly, but they had good hearing. Both men froze, and the silence allowed them to hear a muffled voice reply.
Tony rolled his eyes, “if I make a watch, it adjusts itself. Don’t insult me with thinking you’d have to do it on your own. No, that button is to release a suit. Your suit, Captain Marvel.”
The music started to repeat again, this time Tony having to step away from a hand as it reached for him. He easily slipped forward, the blond captain not going after him, thinking that Tony meant to check out exactly what was happening.
“So, what’s the reason we’ve stopped in this warehouse in the first place?” He interrupted, hoping the train of thought from the two excitable teens would slow.
With Bucky gone, the other two settled onto each other. The television providing a bit of white noise that Tony didn’t bother paying attention to as his mind traveled to his situation on hand.
“Skynet.” And the chorus for the music dropped, just like Tony would have liked. One last echoing “I am Iron Man,” screaming through the compound as the Iron Legion, reconstructed, began to attack
Finally, after listening to the argument for another fifteen minutes, the genius sat up and spoke so that he was heard by the two teens.
He could see that they wanted to protest. No one missed how the genius would wince when he tried to walk, or that he hadn’t tried to build anything because his hands would shake terribly. But Tony was stubborn, and soon enough he was left alone to shower, with a promise that his clothes would be right outside the door.
Tony nodded, already understanding what they were doing. “So, when that turns blue, we can transfer Jarvis to the Wakanda database as a whole, rather than in pieces and risk losing some of his data.”
Tony is shaking, so hard the bed trembles with the movements. He doesn’t hear the two super soldiers, trying to reassure him as Clint lifts the dead body from the floor and leaves the room, Natasha trailing behind him.
There was a pause from the bedroom, before he heard Bucky speak again with what sounded like real concern in his voice. “Are you okay? I thought I heard crying.”
“For the love of… put me down Steve.” He glanced down the stairs. “You want me safe? Then let’s not tumble down the stairs, yeah?”
As one, the group started towards the craft, the pilot already turning it on and lifting it so that the opening ramp was hovering only a few inches from the ground.
Bucky stood, starting to walk towards them when the animal hissed at him. Tony laughed, “you can absolutely keep him.”
And that was how Tony and Peter found themselves sitting at the table with the former Avengers. Bacon, eggs, sausages, pancakes, fruits, and toast had been set out for the rest of the team. Oatmeal had been made for Peter and Bruce.
Realizing that the two men had no intention of letting them dress alone, Peter had asked for Tony (and only Tony) to help him go to the toilet. There had been no hesitation, and the genius had quickly swiped the clothing pile from Steve and disappeared into the restroom before anyone could protest.
Two thin arms wrapped around his neck, and he found himself instantly returning the hug. “You made it! I didn’t think you’d ever get here!”
“So you don’t participate? Don’t you have to train your giant green monster?” Tony raises a brow, sitting in his wheelchair as he peers into the large room beyond the glass window.
He closes his eyes tightly and just takes comfort in being completely covered by the body mass that is Captain America.
Sensing that a panic attack was close to the surface, Shuri threw up her hands and waved them as if the subject weren’t important. “That’s okay! How about overseeing Jarvis’ transfer back to the Wakanda database?”
What if they didn’t come back? What if they left him all alone? His parents had done it. Jarvis had eventually gone. Even his chosen family was gone.
Shaking, Tony ambled into his private bathroom, shedding his clothing on the floor as he moved. The lights in the room were dim, comforting as he stepped into the warm water of the shower. Closing his eyes, Tony let the spray wash away an evidence of the nightmares.
Peter didn’t hesitate, with little more than a jump so that Tony was pushed back with a grunt, the little boy grabbed fistfuls of the cake and very messily shoved the sugar into his mouth. It was as if the kid knew that he wouldn’t be allowed to eat the treat had he waited for permission.
He vaguely caught the sound of the two soldiers yelling his name, head pounding from its impact on the ground.
How did they know? It was confidential, not even the press had gotten wind of what he’d really experienced under his time with the terrorist group.
There was absolutely no warning when the man used both hands to rip the pants right off of the genius’ body, mouth wrapping around Tony so quickly that there was no way the genius could withhold his shout.
Before anyone could react, Peter managed to squirm out of his blanket and onto the ground. He quickly moved across the room and raised his arms, demanding that the cat be handed to him. Clint looked ready to argue when the animal hissed and he dropped him in surprise.
He huffs, but takes a sip of the cocoa as he continues to glare daggers at the man before him. Tony doesn’t realize that to Bucky, he merely looks like an adorable angry kitten.
His whole body stiffened for a moment before the panicked struggling started. Anything to get away from what the water meant. Were they truly going to go so far as to waterboard him? Had they not tortured him enough?
Tony didn’t know who it was, but now any form of human contact was welcome to chase away his nightmares. Grateful that he wasn’t alone to deal with the memories, Tony did his best to scoot closer to the warmth of what he now recognized as a body cradling him from behind. The person took his slow movements as open invitation, wrapping an arm around his waist and lifting his shirt so that warm fingers could gently rub his abdomen in a comforting gesture.
“Stop fighting! Please!” He begged Tony, sounding so sincere that if the genius hadn’t known he was with the other group, he would have believed Bruce wanted what was best for him.
Catching on that their genius doesn’t seem to be calming down, Barnes lifts him from the chair and sits back on the ground, bringing Tony to rest on his lap. He uses one hand to bring Tony’s head to his chest, forcing the genius to listen to his heartbeat so that he can calm down.
At twenty-two, people realized that the hero that had appeared several times, only known as Iron Man, was Tony Stark. His persona outside of the uniform did not change.
“Bye,” she mumbles gently, just as she spins in place and lashes out at the group trying to get in. Tony is sent flying across the room in what looks like a violent attack, but only slams into the bed and headboard. It hurts, but it doesn’t become any lasting injury.
When he landed across from the group, he immediately caught wind of the archer in a tree nearby, waiting to shoot down anyone who tried to stop the trade. Bruce wasn’t anywhere to be seen, but the man had always been passive except for in his other form and wouldn’t have wanted to be involved anyway.
She reminds him of Peter, trying to be strong despite how young she was. The world is on her shoulders and she’s barely had a chance to live.
A rage lit up in the pit of his stomach, and Tony barely registered as he stood and slammed open the office door.
“J, please prevent sound from leaving this room.” He waited until the A.I. confirmed the order before continuing, knowing that now the occupants of the bunker couldn’t hear the conversation.
“No.” Tony doesn’t regret speaking up, even if it sends all five pairs of eyes on his hunched form. “No,” he repeats. No, because it will remind him of Peter. No, because it will remind him of his family. No, because Tony won’t be able to handle watching films that used to be special nights.
As the last two times, lights had been dimmed so that he wouldn’t hurt his vision the second he was awake. Unlike the last two times, he was most definitively not laying in medical.
As Bucky opened his mouth to answer, they both heard the sound of a car moving up the drive. The soldier immediately stood up straight, a smile bursting on his face leaving an aura of foreboding for the genius. Every single fiber of his being telling him that something was very wrong.
The blond frowned for only a moment before speaking, “okay, but whatever I pick next you have to wear.”
Tony pushed both of them to move, somehow managing to keep up with Peter as they ran. But movement to his left caused his concentration to fail and Tony’s foot got caught in one of the pieces of cement that had fallen from the ceiling.
Removing the gloves that Bruce had insisted he wear, Tony doesn’t bother cleaning the smudges on his hands as he reached forward and snatches one half of the sandwich, stuffing it in his mouth. Bucky laughs, ruffling Tony’s hair fondly.
The brunette grinned, leaning forward and planting a kiss on Tony’s temple as he nodded. “Of course, doll. I’m making tomato soup, so I’ll just bring you a big bowl and a grilled cheese.” The soldier looked beyond pleased at even the idea of spending a night with just the two men and turned on his heel without another word.
Tony squawked in indignation while Peter laughed, the kid bouncing away and off the bed without trouble.
“Peter, what’s going on?” May inquired gently, watching as Rhodey stepped forward and took Tony from the teenager to set the wheezing man on a nearby chair.
“I’ll be fine Pepper, I’m not an invalid,” he’d rolled his eyes as the redhead had hovered by the door.
Glad for the relief, Tony squeezed his eyes shut as he curled a bit into himself, further pressing against the person behind him who had begun to hum a tuneless song. However, the sound stopped when his tears became audible, the sound of his sobs filling the room.
Steve was the only thing holding Tony up, all ability to control his motor skills gone. It was the only reason the genius wasn’t fighting tooth and nail to get to his kid. Screaming and howling at the top of his lungs.
She was young, probably a few years younger than the genius himself, mid-twenties. She wore a dark green jacket that sat a bit loosely on her frame, black leggings hugging down her waist that tucked into a pair of leather black boots. Her hair, while in a ponytail, was a dark brown that waved slightly in the updo. A strip of white hair made up bangs, falling to the side so one of her eyes was slightly obstructed. From the grainy texture of the camera, he couldn’t make out the color.
He didn’t protest as Bucky helped him sit up, conceding to the pill and finding himself still relieved that Peter was not the person they had captured. The idea helped wash away some of the feelings he’d started having for the two men, helped to remind him that maybe the loneliness was better.
Here's another chapter! I'm having major writers block so I hope you guys don't totally hate this chapter. It is a set-up towards a climax! So... I hope it's not too bad! Thanks for being awesome and sticking around! :)
With the skin on skin contact, Tony had been placed in the middle and kept nice and warm as the two fell asleep. An hour in, and both had stopped snuggling to take to their own sides of the bed. Usually, Bucky or Steve would stay awake until Tony fell asleep, but they had tired each other out. Tony had passed out for a little bit, but had woken just in time to watch Steve fall under.
Tony’s eyes were glazed over, staring blankly ahead as he tried to find a way back to himself. His hair was in disarray, having dried as he slept and sticking in every which direction. Jarvis had woken him before the rest of the bunker occupants and had directed him into the lab. Despite the sleep he’d gotten, the one cup of coffee wasn’t enough to fully wake the man.
Peter knew that the moment he stepped foot in the bunker, he’d be getting an earful from all of them. He could only hope that Tony wouldn’t look too disappointed at his decision.
“Scale it,” Tony replied, his panic had subsided to pure focus to get the kid through his little trip and back to the bunker as safely as possible. He’d had Jarvis open a virtual map, tracking each of Peter’s steps so they could see where the kid was going. With his communicator on, the action wasn’t too difficult.
The girl nodded and started on gently putting away the finished weapons, feeling relieved for the first time since being taken into the home of the former heroes. They were getting out, and Tony Stark was leaving with her.
He didn’t miss the fact that Steve held a baby monitor in one hand, just in case the toddler woke up while they were gone.
“I may have a conniption if you keep calling me Mr. Stark. Come on kid, it’s Tony.” Another voice interrupted from the hallway, the brunette stepping towards the living room with his eyes glued on the Stark Pad in his hands.
After several minutes of walking, he finally rolled his eyes. “If I had known we’d be walking a marathon, I would have kept the suit on.” He complained, wounded arm hugged to his chest.
While Tony would have enjoyed denying the men, if it meant being left alone with Peter again, he’d jump at it.
Rhodey was screaming, trying desperately to get Peter to continue as the craft started to rise. The rebellion couldn’t afford for their leader to get caught, which meant if they had to leave Tony behind, they would. And the genius understood, but he prayed that they wouldn’t get Peter.
“What happened to you Tony?” Rogers had stepped towards the camera, his blue eyes wide as he took in the medical equipment attached to the genius.
“Tones,” Rogers almost whined, “you know what we want. We just want to keep you safe. Come to me, come home, and we’ll let the kid go.”
As if hearing what Tony was thinking, the king smirked. “She either hides her powers well, or this town has some very loyal people in their community. Either way, it’ll be an interested extraction.”
“Keep it under wraps, don’t fight them. When the time comes for you to get out of here, I’ll help.” He put down the hammer, taking a seat to put the pressure off his bandaged leg.
Immediately, Peter shook his head and turned his stubborn face away. Ignoring how some of the oatmeal smeared onto his cheek.
Carol continued to repeat the mantra until Tony’s shoulder slouched, his poster relaxing as her words cleared his head. He didn’t touch his palm, having a real person grounding him to reality helped. A part of his brain still argued that what the soldiers were doing was affectionate… was love. A part him still wanted to believe that he’d never have to worry with the two men by his side.
He disappeared after promising to return, and Tony felt his mind beginning to panic as he listened to the water run in the room. While he couldn’t get up or actually panic, he still could hear everything.
It took a second, but suddenly Rhodey was laughing at how pink Peter turned, and Happy had slapped the kid on the back as if to tell him that he were proud that the boy had finally called Tony by his real title.
Peter took a second to breathe, trying to reassure himself that he hadn’t made the biggest mistake of his life. “No one’s here,” he explained gently. “I’m okay, I’m in the graveyard.”
Despite being covered, like Tony, Rogers lifted a hand and rubbed his back in a comforting manner, waiting for the gagging noises to subside. It took only moments, but Tony instantly fell back against his chest, body giving out completely.
Leaving the clothes on the bed, he ambled to the only other door in the room. The bathroom was small, with a shower, toilet, and sink all squeezed into the space. He could probably hold his arms out and touch wall to wall. A hook with a clean towel hung on the back of the door, and the fluffy blue carpet kept his toes from teaching cold tile.
Steve Rogers grinned as he stretched, panting only slightly as he watched his long-time partner do the same beside him. They had returned from their travels only hours earlier and had decided to spar a bit in the gym that had been specifically created for them ages ago.
Steve grinned. The curfew had been put in place the day after the press conference. They hadn’t broadcast the new hours as they weren’t sure if Tony could see anything other than what was televised. So, they had put up fliers, posters, and had people announce it the old-fashioned way.
Steve returned the grin and planted a solid kiss on his lovers’ mouth. “Two husbands and a son? I want it official.”
Peter then proceeded to skid right between Tony’s legs, dodging Sam with a shriek and running at full speed in the opposite direction.
Rogers has changed their positions so that the genius is now completely on top of him. The blond is sitting up in the bed, his legs splayed open so that Tony’s body can rest peacefully between them, with his head resting on the blonde’s lower abdomen. A hand is absently running through Tony’s hair, the other holding a book up to the gentle light of a lamp Tony didn’t notice before. It’s obvious that Steve is caught up in whatever book he’s reading, a custom cover hiding the title from prying eyes.
“When I first met you, I thought you were exactly as I was worried he’d turn out to be. But you’re not, you’re so much better.”
Backing up enough so that the blond could look directly at his face, the Winter Soldier grinned. “We’re going to be a family. We’ll have Tony, and a kid that we’re going to help him raise.”
Tony, finally focusing on the device, felt himself freeze. The expression was washed from his face quickly, the shock at seeing Peter’s music player held gently by the very man that had separated them. Did they know that this was something he’d created for the kid? Probably not, or they wouldn’t be handing it to him.
Tony shrugged, settling down in the nearby chair to look up at the astonished girl in front of him. “But they won’t hurt me, and if they get their hands on you if your escape fails… they’ll hurt you.”
Tony seemed taken aback, as if he had never truly put together that the kid would feel just as heartbroken as he had been. With another cry the man pulled the suddenly sobbing teenager into his chest, holding him close.
The red hue slowly lifted Tony so that the genius floated towards the girl, setting him gently to attention in front of her. His eyes wide in horror at whatever this stranger wanted.
When he had first been told of the man’s lack of interest in joining the Avengers, he had taken on the assumption of the rest of the group. Tony was lazy, arrogant, selfish.
“I got Tony,” Bucky volunteers, gesturing that Steve talk to the newcomers as the rest of the team starts to move.
Hands tried to tear away at his own, in which he’d thrown up against his chest to keep the arc reactor safe.
“They went to go fetch something for you, they’ll be back soon.” She shrugged. “Steve had me put the coffee machine down in your lab, said you can tinker on it until they get back.”
“Why don’t they just leave the house?” Sam chirps up as one of the children is attacked by a crazy looking older woman.
Jumping to his feet, Tony decided he could at least put his legs to good work. He moved to sprint away from the man when the building shook, a huge boom blasting through the warehouse to indicate that the self-destruct sequence had begun.
A few weeks had passed, and he hadn’t had the courage to tell Carol exactly what had happened that night. They had also stopped bringing up the subject of escape.
“Yes,” he started, holding up a hand to effectively stop Tony from interrupting. “We didn’t want to do it at first, we wanted to keep him at the age in which you loved him, but he was proving… difficult.” The man winced, watching as Tony seemed to absolutely pale at the word.
Raising a weak hand, sure to keep the IV’s from pulling out, Tony removed the mask so he could talk to the calm man. “I need to use the bathroom,” he claimed through a smile.
He turned and closed the door slowly, nodding towards the toilet. “Do your business, I’ll turn around.”
When the archer immediately agreed to the terms, he found a weight lifted as Peter’s childish glare faded.
“I’m going to look like an adult Peter Parker,” he murmured, standing slowly from the bed with a languid stretch.
“Oh!” Shuri looked surprised, before shooting a look at T’Challa whom had returned from helping Rogue find the best place to head for on her map.
“From here on out, anything that happens, is not your fault. Promise me that you won’t blame yourself for anything that happens.” The teen’s face went from confused to concerned in seconds, trying to comprehend why they were suddenly having such a conversation.
He only realizes that he’s crying when a hand gently lifts his chin, examining his neck where bruise marks have appeared from Wanda’s fake attack. Not that they know.
The Dora Milaje were waved off as the enraged genius marched forward, “you left them! You fucking left them behind!”
Life is a little hectic at the moment, biggest event of the year at work means stress galore... plus KH3 came out, and I learned to crochet and am currently making Avengers dolls... starting with Iron Man... so yep. But I will not be giving up on this story, so please stay with me. I will try to get the chapters out as often as I can, but I also want to make sure I'm not writing something that doesn't feel right. (I rewrote this chapter about five times).
Tony turned his own gaze back to where the sequence of sounds had come through, dread pooling his stomach as the pause between the noises had grown entirely too long. Someone spoke, the words undecipherable to the genius whom could only hear what sounded like rushing water. He recognized the voice, knew exactly who was breaking into the warehouse.
He swore that he was getting amused smirks from the Dora Milaje, whom had shown up and started to help the teenagers with the boxes. There were several affirmations to his offer, and one resounding ‘no’ that Tony chose to wisely ignore.
Dr. Eskrine leaned back, unable to hide his surprise at the sudden hostility. However, after a moment he slumped and sighed, leaning forward as he spoke. “I thought what I was doing was right… I was wrong.” He looked at his clasped hands as he spoke, Wanda and Pietro having taken a seat on the other side of the island. “We all do things we think is right, even if we’re wrong. It’s part of being human. And you, son, are about to do the same thing.”
“No one leaves the compound, no one. We’re set for years, and they can’t find this place. You said it yourself Tony, the only people who even know this place exists are already living here.” Happy shrugged.
Taking a few steps into the room, hand grasping a hold of the loveseat, so he wouldn’t fall, Tony never took his eyes off the other man. Finally, catching the lungful of air he hadn’t realized he’d lost, Tony spoke.
Tony rolled his eyes, “I can send the suit to protect and fight without having to be in it. And I don’t know if either of you recall, but on our last game night I’m pretty sure I kicked both your asses at Mortal Kombat.”
But then again, people liked to gossip, and that usually meant that secrets weren’t a thing in small places. Wouldn’t they have outed the girl to the people who ruled the world?
Thank you for all the reviews, kudos, and bookmarks! I really appreciate you guys! Also, I thought this might be a fun Halloween treat.
“Let’s follow these instructions then,” she looked towards Bucky, whom immediately took a seat across from them. Clint looking somewhat rejected as he pushed himself back to the floor where he’d gotten up in his panic, next to Bucky so he wasn’t beside Peter.
“Okay, after breakfast, I’ll bring the coffee machine to the lab.” Steve was smiling, the look a little too fond as he watched Tony’s observance of the rest of the lab. They would be updating it more as they continued to trust him, let him have more freedom. However, the incident in the training room had been a little suspicious, but the fact that the bots had attacked Tony had settled Steve a bit.
On the screen that was focused on the porch, the group was starting to move quickly. T’Challa and Rogue had disappeared into the house together, probably gathering whatever they needed to leave the area.
“Besides, it’s two in the morning, no one will be out looking for a teenager.” His explanation sounded almost rational, like Peter had been thinking about his actions for a while. “I’m not swinging from the buildings or anything, I’m just… I needed to do this. I couldn’t break a promise.” The kid explained.
Tony barely registered as the sound of splintering wood filled his room, the door flying from its hinges onto the carpeted floor. He barely made out the footsteps that walked towards the bed, or the hand that ran tentatively through his hair.
Tony picked up his mug, another sip of the coffee that was steadily growing cold. “The emergency escape vehicles are programmed with special nanotech that will allow it to camouflage when it takes you into the air, you won’t be spotted. It’s already routed to go directly to Wakanda if something were to happen.”
“Pep, would you mind getting more coffee?” He asked, turning and giving the woman his sweetest smile that he could manage.
They calculated that it would take approximately thirty minutes for Jarvis to completely transfer to a new system.
He’d gotten Jarvis to silence his room so that the group wouldn’t hear him scream. They didn’t know that he’d often fight invisible hands, picturing all the horrible things he imagined they wanted to do to him.
“Care to explain what the hell that was?” Bucky’s enraged voice sounded throughout the entire floor, echoing ominously off the walls to batter at the hunched bodies of the shivering men.
One hand covertly started to move down, stopping long enough to stroke Tony’s thigh as the sensitive man moaned, before it turned into a startled jump when the blond’s hand cupped him gently through his pants.
Tony merely whimpered, burying his face at Steve’s collarbone as he tried to process what he had gone through. Steve was back, when had that happened?
“No matter what’s happened, no matter what you did, what these people have done is wrong. You are not a part of their group, and I’ll do my damnest to break whatever programing they’ve put into you.”
Steve remained quiet for a moment, taking in Tony above him. “You can’t say you don’t love us, Tony. You can’t say this isn’t real.”
“He’s mine, Rogers!” Tony grinned, glad when the captain only gave him a bemused look. Seeing as Peter would likely not be returning to his chair, Steve quickly removed it so that there was nothing between them.
The sound caught Steve’s attention, who frowned despite the genius’ good humor. He sighed and reached to his side, grabbing a small device from the nightstand.
The blonds gaze went up for only a moment, sensing the look, before he turned back to smile fondly at the man in his lap. Steve spoke, letting Bucky concentrate on getting food into the genius.
Ripping the first door open, Tony was glad to find that it wasn’t a closet, but the corridor. Without hesitating, he threw himself into the hall to the startled sound of two armed guards. “Big green monster!” Tony screamed, already sprinting down the hall in the first direction his legs carried him.
The sound of an engine starting gets Tony’s attention, and he looks up in time to see Bucky and Sam jumping from the side of a tall building and flying in their direction. The intent was clear, Tony was not meant to escape by any means.
Immediately Peter’s jaw dropped open, completely flabbergasted by the fact that the soldier had chosen to focus on the least important part of Tony’s words.
When Tony finally wakes up enough to register that he’s in a completely different room, its to feeling better than he has in a while. His stomach hurts from hunger, but his fever seems to finally be breaking and he’s encompassed in warmth.
“I know that you’re not happy with us, with me and Buck.” He ignored the snort from the genius, pretending he didn’t hear the ‘you think’ grumbled under Tony’s breath. “But sweetheart, you can’t deny that we have something special. When you… left…” He winced. “You didn’t deny it Tony; you didn’t deny that you loved us.”
“Don’t make me strap you down for your own good, Tony.” It was spoken so softly, like a lover speaking to someone they’d been with for years. But underneath it, the steel of a threat that wouldn’t be missed by someone like Tony Stark.
“Peter’s in the kitchen helping May with dinner,” Pepper assured. She had the look on her face that Tony instantly knew meant he’d be getting some sort of scolding. At least being in medical meant she couldn’t smack him.
However, everything went quiet when Peter released a cry of pure agony before no sounds followed. Tony was panting, like he’d run a marathon, body trembling as he tried desperately to catch some sort of affirmation that Peter had gotten away.  That he’d left the communicator behind and run.
Tony noted that despite the rage, Peter still controlled his strength. He could have chosen to squeeze his fingers into the genius’ flesh. He could have cut him open and hurt him, to teach him a lesson. Like the soldiers had done…
Is Tony right? Will he never leave his kid again? Stay tuned for the next chapter, it'll be.... revealing?
Someone called his name. Tony let out a whimper, and then promptly gave into the darkness beckoning him with a crooked finger.
“You stopped making weapons. You came up with clean solutions for energy. You helped people, and in return their hope touched you. Safety is just an illusion, safety keeps us from growing.”
“If we need to go now, then we should go.” Tony all but groaned out, releasing his hold on Peter so that he could slowly uncurl himself. The panic had subsided, and what remained was a mixture of rage and disbelief that he had let things get that far.
The blond holding Tony chuckled at the words, nodding before he bumped his arm up so that Tony’s head lolled back to resting against his chest.
He laughed when he heard a sputter from his kid, and laughter from Shuri who claimed she’d seen his life, there was nothing he wouldn’t do.
We managed to deactivate two of them, one went off. There was a family standing nearby… the mother survived with horrible scarring, everyone else perished.” Rogers paused, seeing the hesitation in Bucky as the man fed the genius.
“I lost myself today…” Tony admits quietly once Peter has settled beneath the blankets; Goose curled at the foot of the bed. “For a second, I… I forgot.”
Making his way to the bed, Steve grinned and placed the plate on his lap. “I had to argue for these, but I managed to steal two and run away before they could stop me.”
“What did you do?” The question was innocent enough, but the underlying threat sent a shiver down Tony’s spine.
“I’m not prone to danger,” Tony scoffs quietly, hoping that the conversation isn’t heard by the rest of the team. Unfortunately, Clint snorts from a medical table over.
With a snarl he lunges forward, ignoring the faint cry from Bucky when he slams into the wall again. He sees something shimmer, but it’s gone before his eyes can focus and all he can see is the trees of the forest beyond.
One voice broke out amongst the men, a man that had worked very closely with the former head of security at Stark Industries. He’d quietly joined the new regime in order to keep his life, although he now stood with his back ramrod straight.
“It’s not just a watch,” Tony admitted quietly, leaning forward so that their words wouldn’t catch on any surveillance. “It’s a suit.”
Natasha burst through the door behind the soldier, her gaze set directly on Tony as she rushed at the suit. Without thinking Tony threw up his hand, panicking only slightly when the blaster didn’t react.
“They de-aged you too,” Peter observed. He tilted his head to take in the arc reactor, knowing that it was an indication that they hadn’t made Tony so young that he would have forgotten his PTSD from his horrible experience in Afghanistan.
“And… my fam-the others? They escaped?” He tried to hide how desperate he was for the answer, the sudden knot in his stomach telling him that he was headed in the right direction. He would pursue Loki’s thing later, the barrier was obviously magic.
“Like hell!” He stood up, running towards the closest window that showed they were high in the air. “Turn this fucking plane around, right now!”
Instead, the child steps forward and hugs Tony around the neck so that his arms can completely encircle him. “You’re not alone this time dad.”
Bucky had taken a seat on Peter’s other side, carefully examining the box to make sure they hadn’t missed a stray piece. It had left the archer to start building with the child, whom had immediately gotten angry when he’d started to put random pieces together.
She tilts her head and smiles, a genuine, kind smile. “My name is Wanda Maximoff, and I was told to find you.” She pauses, “we don’t have much time.”
“However, mom didn’t last long. She committed suicide five days later in the hospital.” He paused for only a moment, “Sometimes, people will do horrible things in the belief that they’re doing the right thing.”
Both himself and the deadly assassin were still covered in blood. The thought made Tony blanche and immediately he was moved through the room and to the furthest door. Like before, the bathroom was luxurious in a mix of gold and white, but he didn’t have time to look around as Bucky leaned him over the toilet.
Before anyone could move, pieces of the suit dismantled and flew so that Tony was suddenly covered in the vibranium. Steve and Clint already grabbing weapons to fire at the technology that was quickly lighting up and attacking them.
He and Rhodey had agreed to go on a mission together, even though Tony was useless without the power of his hands. He had yelled at Peter about being reckless. They had run into Steve and Bucky while rescuing Rogue, but had managed to get away. Peter had called him dad.
The soldier immediately threw a glare in the archer’s direction, huffing how he wasn’t getting any help from the rest of the table.
Throwing back the drink and taking a few gulps from the bottle itself, Tony managed to get himself to his feet and stumble across the room to the bed. He was feverish, the shaking had started up again as he found that the lack of friendly voices in his ears were haunting.
As Tony spoke, he faced the door, making a point to show little Peter that he wasn’t going to be peeking as he did his business.
So fluff...ish? Kinda? Or you know... something else? Seems to me Tony is slowly getting cozy with this group... right?
“Sir, scan complete.” Jarvis spoke gently when he was sure he wouldn’t startle Tony from his relaxed state.
“Let’s get you something to snack on, and Bruce will take you,” Bucky all but cooed as he moved away from Tony to grab whatever dish they’d made for him.
Halfway through the movie found both Peter and Tony passed out, one with his head tilted back and the other curled in his lap.
A wicked smile lifted on the Captain’s face, unable to hide the pure excitement that he was finally going to get exactly what he wanted. The Quinjet would take only an hour or two to get them across the country, and in that time, there would be no time for anyone to sense that the system was online.
Tony froze, completely unprepared to be given a choice. He hadn’t really been given one since coming into the compound, but that didn’t mean much. “Tomorrow, I have a feeling that they’re going to be a little clingy today. I didn’t exactly have the easiest time waking up yesterday.”
Carol had come in, sipping a cup of coffee and looking comfortable with her hair up and sweats. When she’d been thrown a look of surprise from Rhodey, her glare had quickly beat the man’s expression back into something neutral.
Peter cried, but the genius merely watched as the faceplate flew down and trapped the teenager within. He turned back towards the other side of the field, watching as Rogers started to move forward with the Winter Soldier at his side.
A little more awake, the genius frowned as he managed to push himself up just enough to make out the form of the two super soldiers on either side. Weren’t they supposed to wake him for dinner?
Trying to focus on the feeling, the genius tried desperately to recount exactly what the details had been of his second kidnapping.
“Peter will be going on the mission, but he will not be in the field.” When the two brunettes turned to stare at him incredulously, he continued. “Tony, you might need help with the tech with that arm injury, and Peter is great with that stuff. The two of you can sit in the surveillance room and be the eyes. Plus, with Peter’s spidey senses you may be able to catch people on the monitor before Tony.”
The room blurred as Tony threw on the clean clothing, forcing the pants past the stickiness of his wet skin as he desperately put himself together. He didn’t bother to dry his hair, to see if he had even put on the shirt correctly. Instead, Tony flew to the door that was logically the hallway and slammed it open, stopping to listen to the sounds of the house.
Reaching a tentative hand forward, Tony cringes when it meets an invisible barrier. He sprawls his hands then, desperately trying to find a way around whatever it is. Back on his feet, the genius stumbles and staggers across the property, Bucky quietly trailing behind him as he tries to find an end to the wall.
They tried to get me to join them too, but I refused. I don’t want people to fear me. I still want to be like Iron Man, you know? He’s the best. He rescued me when I was little, and now he rescued me and Aunt May again. Did you know he’s been mentoring me? Tony takes care of me, he’s the best. I wish you could have met him Uncle Ben. He lets me work with him in the lab, we’re even working on a robot that can cook.” The kid paused to let out a watery laugh at the confession. “Everyone frankly sucks at making food, so we’re trying to make sure we don’t waste food anymore.”
His sass is amusing, and Bucky doesn’t hide his affectionate laugh as he moves to stand and leave Tony to his work. “Alright, I’ll get the team ready to try them out.”
Her solid green eyes met Tony’s, a moment of understanding passed between the two. Tony could see that she would not bend to these men, and that she would have the same ending as the men before her. Instantly, seeing someone else in her eyes, the genius twisted so he was facing Rogers. He started to beg, plead.
Turning in his spot, Peter blinked his eyes open and stared at Tony quietly for a good minute before launching forward. He knocked them both back onto the mattress, laughing as he held onto the man. “I thought it was a dream! You’re really here!”
Tony couldn’t help the laughter that bubbled from him in hysteria, gaze going between the speaker and the computer monitors that had suddenly started to light up.
Looking down, the genius felt his heart stop. It was a little boy clad in what looked like Captain America pajamas. He had curly brown hair that was extremely soft to the touch, and a little button nose that scrunched up whenever Tony made the slightest of movements. His lashes were long, resting against rosy skin as he slept soundly beside him.
“Don’t worry, I won’t be saying anything. I just want you to know that I’m quite aware of what you’re doing. I only want to stand by and watch, see the outcome, watch the show.”
“Tony! How do I turn them off?” He shouts, looking at the genius who hides his grin with a shocked expression.
They had been in a warehouse, and he had been joyfully speaking to… someone… when the whole place had gone into a panic. Tony remembered Peter grabbing his hand, the two of them running for the aircraft that was threatening to leave them behind. The genius had tripped, fallen to the ground and gotten hit on the head by debris falling from the building.
Tony nodded, choosing Peter’s playlist that was filled with a mixture of rock, pop, and old classics. He turned to his side, curling so that he was facing Bucky with his back against Steve’s side.
“Next time you decide to get all self-sacrificial on us, can you at least wait until you’re good to stand boss?” The man grinned, “I want to know that you can at least have some semblance of a fight left in you.”
The room silent as they gazed at each other, looking like they had just made up after a small argument, instead of something so monumental.
Anyway, I hope you enjoy this chapter. I had a hard time writing it, but things are still going forth. Thank you so so much for all the reviews, kudos, bookmarks! You guys are absolutely the best!
“Soldiers on the right! Soldiers on the right!” The words were screamed by Peter after he slammed his hand onto the com.
“We should probably start getting things ready to go,” T’Challa nodded towards the hallway. “Would you all mind helping move some things into the craft? We can take off the moment that Jarvis has finished.”
When he got another shy nod from the man, Steve grinned and leaned back, hands in his pockets. “I have a surprise for you, do you mind hanging out for just a second?” He didn’t wait for a reply, all but scurrying from the room and leaving the door open behind him.
Leaning down, the blond started to pull out fresh ingredients from the fridge. Bacon, eggs, bread, cheese, mushrooms, and a variety of other vegetables. When he got a confused look thrown his way, Steve gave Tony a bright smile. “You can never go wrong with breakfast, no matter what time of the day.”
Steve sauntered across the room, smiling as he wrapped an arm around the hunch genius and nuzzled his neck. “Care to turn the music down?” He grumbled softly.
A bit fuzzy from whatever was coming through the IV, Tony let his head fall to the left. Through his half-lidded gaze, he made out a person in a chair, slouched over with their head in their hands as if they were sleeping. Without making a sound Tony forced his gaze to the right, finding a large wardrobe and two separate doors leading to what he could only assume was a bathroom and a closet, or a hallway.
For several hours Tony drifted in and out of sleep. He always felt someone nearby, but it seemed that the shock of what he’d witnessed had truly exhausted him.
