"I'm sorry, that I'm not exactly what you wanted-"
"But I do."
"THE FUCK WAS THAT?!" Bucky screaming as he sprinted down the hallway. The rest of the team was scrambling around the Avengers' personal floor, weapons at the ready.
Both the Hulk and Wanda engaged in a battle with Peter, oblivious to the newest addition to the fight. Peter was flipping through the air, using his organic webbing in a desperate attempt to subdue his attackers.
"I don't want to hear it." Fury waved his hand and Stark was dragged onto a fourth helicopter that had just landed. "Take him straight to the interrogation room."
"I'm not crying! You're crying!" Tony snapped.
"How'd the mission go?" Clint smiled at his leader.
"How sweet," Natasha smiled. "My little spider's growing up."
Rhodey let out a long sigh, "I don't feel like arguing with you on this, Tones. Have it your way. Just know that you deserve to be loved."
Without warning, Iron Man shot into the air. The air was knocked out of Spider-man when he was plucked off Wanda's bike and rocketed into the sky.
It had been six years since Tony Stark "died". Six years he had been living as half a human. The first three years had been difficult, but he managed. He was using his new body to help people, and that gave him peace of mind. Tony knew it didn't make up for all his past mistakes, but it was a start. It wasn't until the fourth year rolled around that the loneliness officially set in. Sure, he had Pepper. And Rhodey. And Happy. Those three did their best to be there for Tony, but there was only so much they could do. Tony saw Pepper the most. He had left the company to her in his will, and now she was using it to fund the Avengers. Rhodey would call him every once in awhile, make sure he was still breathing, and let him know how the War Machine armor was fairing. He clearly wanted to spend more time with Tony, but his military job wouldn't allow for it. Happy was head of security at Avengers tower and kept a close eye on Tony. Or as close as he could. Tony had a lot of secret rooms in the tower, allowing him to function outside of his suit without the others noticing. Happy knew about the entrance to Tony's secret maze but wasn't allowed inside.
"My name is Iron Man."
"Can you put the web wings back in it?" Peter asked as he turned in circles on his stool. Tony was in the middle of upgrading his suit. Karen and several other of the features had long since been removed, although Tony was debating putting the AI back in the suit for safety reasons.
Tony already had plans for May's Iron Man suit. Or rather, Iron Woman. He knew Peter and MJ wouldn't approve, so he kept it between him and May. It was their little secret.
"Sorry. I'm looking for Tony. He isn't in his room or in the lab. He needs sleep."
"Does anyone know? About me?" Peter asked. He knew he had still been in costume when Tony brought him to the med bay. He didn't know who was present when that happened.
"What even is 'Venom'?" Peter asked, "you said it was a biological weapon, but that doesn't really explain anything. Is it like mustard gas?"
"Are we?" Tony held the mug close to his face, letting the hot liquid warm him up.
Clint texted.
"Thank you..." Tony panted.
"Sneak out," Michelle said. She and Ned had called him over skype early the next morning before training started. They both looked extremely relieved to see him alive.
Steve held up his hands. "What was I supposed to do? Like you said, he has enough weapons in his body to destroy a city. Standing in his way wasn't exactly a good idea."
"Bug boy!" Sam hit Peter over the head with a rolled up newspaper, "jeez."
"I think so...really tired..." Peter closed his eyes again. Seventeen years of living had literally flashed before his eyes. That was a lot to take in. 'God, I need to get my shit together,' Peter thought. "Goodnight."
"I might have something too. What did she find?"
"Tony!"
"Except for you..." Natasha looked up at him, her eyes clouded over with sadness.
Iron Man had never flown so fast in his life. It took him mere minutes to reach Queens. And it wasn't long before he found the masked avengers sprawled out on a fire escape. Tony felt like he might be sick at the mere sight of his son, battered, broken and bleeding out. Peter had his left arm draped over his chest, held in place by webbing. Crimson soaked his torso and dripped down his right arm, which hung between the bars of the fire escape. Most of his mask was gone, the right lens and some stray strands of fabric being the only things that remained strapped to his head.
"My answer is still no."
Other than a minor fire in the kitchen, the rest of the night was fairly pleasant. After nearly an hour of questioning, the Avengers welcomed Peter with open arms.
"Really?" Bruce snorted. "I never thought you would stoop so low. So, what? You kill one person and now you can't get enough blood?"
Tony stopped in his tracks, "you want to make the entire thing tonight? Seriously?"
"No. That will be all for now. You can return to your work, Mr. Parker," Norman turned his attention back to the stack of papers on his desk. As soon as Peter was gone, Norman took out the file Bruce had given him. He flipped to a page that showed a picture of Tony Stark and Richard Parker working on something in a lab. A chemical equation was written under the picture.
"I don't care," Steve snatched his hands away as if he had been burned. "If you really loved me you would've told me the truth at the start."
"Osborn," Spider-man snarled, web slinging towards him.
"So why did you kill him?" Steve shifted around, having a bad feeling about where the story was headed.
"What?!" Tony was fuming, "you told me you didn't know Osborn's kid!"
For a long minute, no one moved. Slowly, Harry lowered his gun. "I can't do it. I can't shoot you, Pete." He dropped the gun on the carpet. Michelle snatched it up while keeping her own trained on Harry. "You were a good friend," Harry continued. "And I'm sorry our friendship had to end this way." He left the apartment right after that, closing the door softly behind him.
"Mr. Stark is in his workshop, as the Clean Slate Protocol can only be activated manually. I believe he needs medical attention," Jarvis reported. "The arc reactor has failed."
Tony ignited his boots, slowly rising into the air. "I did. He went off on me. I think he's still having side effects from the gas."
Steve shook his head, "give him some time."
"Some things can't be fixed," Steve's frown deepened. "Maybe one day we can get over this. But for right now, I think it's best that you keep your distance."
Captain America poked his head out the door. No sign of the dragon. He didn't make it more than a few feet before the beast made its presence known. Its large, crocodile like head slithered out from around the corner. It dropped open its jaw, threatening to burn Steve where he stood. Steve raised his shield protectively in front of him.
"I will," War Machine blasted into the sky. Steve watched him go with a heavy heart.
"Spider-man! Spider-man, answer me damnit!" Steve yelled over the comms. The quinjet was quickly approaching their location. "We saw the explosion. What's going on down there?"
And Steve wasn't going to waste his time rescuing someone he didn't love.
"You know about Peter? And you have his number?" Sam glared at Tony. "You trust bug boy with this and not us?"
"I'm going to help!" Iron Man broke away from the Hulk. He grabbed the symbiote by the neck and flew it up into the rafters, then turned around and increased the power on his boots, crashing down into the floor. The symbiote half liquified in the newly formed crater, whimpering slightly. It let itself melt into the floor, swiftly snaking its way to Peter and latching onto his leg. The symbiote reformed himself right in front of the arachnid, its hands around Peter's throat.
Peter dialed Happy's number on his phone and held it up to his ear, "hello? Happy, there's this weird guy sitting next to me, asking about churros. I think I'm gonna have to take him down."
"He pumped a bunch of drugs into my system so that Fury couldn't interrogate me. He didn't do jack shit to actually help me." Peter growled. Tony clenched his fists, angry at himself for not noticing Peter had been drugged when he first saw him shaking in his cell. It explained why he wasn't able to walk properly. "I did what I could to fix up my chest. It hurts like hell, so I'm gonna go lay down. Who wants to drive?"
"Don't do this, Nick," Iron Man pleaded as the guards forced him to his feet.
Bucky watched them from a distance. He felt sick whenever he looked at the oil. Another second with that rope around Tony's neck and that oil would've been blood. Bucky shuddered. He didn't want to think of the injured man trapped in the armor. Not right now. "How are we going to help Tony without Steve knowing?" Bucky whispered to Rhodey.
"How did he get so far from Queens? And where are Bruce and Wanda?" Tony stood, his armor squeaking. "I don't like this. Not one bit."
"Wait, what?!" Bucky almost fell off his bike. He grabbed the handlebars to steady himself.
"You're not in band. Anyway, The Avengers are all up my ass about this. And they aren't going to leave me alone until they get answers. Happy will pick you up from school on Friday. End of discussion."
"He shouldn't be allowed to play," Clint said a bit later. "He knows too much." That was his argument against Iron Man every game night. The Avengers were currently on the floor, surrounding the coffee table. There was a bowl of popcorn of either end of the table and a stack of games on the couch behind Natasha.
Thanks for reading! :)
"You mean lunch? It's two in the afternoon, Shellhead." Clint raised an eyebrow. "You're not in my way. This is your kitchen, too."
"I'd love to hear it," Iron Man leaned forward on his hands, head tilted in an innocent fashion. Steve stood next to him, arms crossed, with a very unimpressed look aimed at Fury.
"Possibly...what for?"
"There are two moons." Steve looked up, and sure enough, there were two moons. One was slightly larger than the other and had a slight red tinge. Steve opened his mouth to say something, but his mind couldn't form any words. "Where the hell are we?" Tony whispered.
"Anywhere but here...Clint, try to establish communication with him!" Steve ordered.
"Y-yeah..." Michelle panted, not letting go of Spider-man. "Let's...not do that again...like...ever."
really
"Not right now. I'm sure he'll still be there at the Avengers meeting this weekend." Peter turned around in her arms and kissed her cheek, "I just want to be with you right now."
"D-dad?" Peter choked out.
"I do not want to kill you," Venom said, moving across the wall.
Steve shook his head in disbelief.
The flickering light floated through the trees ahead.
The Hulk charged. Happy held his stance, firing his gun until he was out of bullets. The Hulk was fast, but Spidey was faster. He darted over, grabbed his friend around the waist and swung off on a web line just in time.
Tony paused, looking down where his legs should have been. What remained of his left leg was sticking out of the end of his shorts. The metal plating and cables fused with his flesh were on full display. "They were bothering me. So I took them off."
Spider-man was about to run into the building when a shadow fell over him. He looked up to see none other than the Vulture.
"Goodnight, kiddo." Tony chuckled softly. Peter's breathing evened out soon after, his body relaxing against Tony's. "He called me 'dad'," Tony said to Steve, a big smile spreading across his face.
"You should be in bed, young man!" Tony shoved Peter out the door.
"LET GO. OF. ME." In one fluid motion, Tony had risen from his chair and knocked Steve back with the full force of his body. Steve fell against the opposite workbench. The collision pushed the table back, its legs scraping loudly on the concrete floor. A coffee mug fell off and shattered on the ground.
"Absolutely not," Tony snapped, not looking up from the gauntlet he was working on. He was out of his suit, wearing nothing but a tank top and jeans.
(See the end of the chapter for
Henry slowly crawled over to Peter, nuzzling up against his hand and making sad chirping noises.
"Reckless is my middle name."
"The symbiote, I think...I think it convinced Peter that he wouldn't feel any more pain if he let it take over..."
Steve returned a few hours later, removing Iron Man from his garage and forcing him to participate in movie night. He shoved the bot between him and Bucky.
"We get it, you're old," Clint rolled his eyes. Tony nearly choked on his cocoa.
"Absolutely not," Steve shut that down instantly.
"Stay out of this," Tony snapped.
"Pete..."
"You should have tried harder. The deal was his help in return for Spider-man-"
Also strange. But Steve can go with it. He's good at going with the flow.
"It's probably gone. Besides, we shouldn't split up. We don't know this area. Could be dangerous. And you don't have your armor," Steve argued.
"Show off," Harry put his hands on his hips.
Mid lunge, Peter's entire body was engulfed in red light. He hovered in the air for a moment, one hand outstretched to Wanda, the other balled into a fist behind him. The witch waved her hand, throwing Peter against the nearest wall, with his arms and legs splayed apart. Peter sucked in a sharp gasp of air when he felt his organs tightening inside him. Wanda's fingers were curling in, a sick look in her eyes as she squeezed the life out of Peter's lungs. Peter tried bucking, but his body wouldn't obey him. His jaw stretched wide, desperately gulping down air that couldn't quite reach his collapsing lungs. His eyes bulged and he started to become lightheaded.
The assistant looked around nervously. "Sorry, Doctor Banner has been at large for years. The Avengers, SHIELD, the FBI, no one has been able to find him-"
The other two limbs shattered the window without warning. Spider-man jumped back, pulling Clint away from the flying glass. The strange man slipped into the room, a dark smile playing on his lips.
"I'm going to strangle you!" Tony's voice pulled Bucky from his thoughts. Iron Man had his hands on Clint's collar, violently shaking the poor archer. When did he show up?
"I know," Tony huffed.
"I don't know, but it's nothing good," Steve scowled. "Go get Thor. We're heading out. Now."
(See the end of the chapter for
Tony lifted his face plate, "thanks..." He downed the entire bottle in one go and crushed the plastic in his fist. "Is Peter still here?"
"Then why wear them at all?" Steve chuckled.
Now it was Rhodey's turn to get upset. "Seriously?! You people turned your backs on him! Of course, he wasn't going to ask you for help. He left this message with Bucky. Someone he trusts one hundred percent to have his back. And Bucky's trusting us to have Tony's back, too. We need to watch this."
"Can we talk?" Tony spoke after a few minutes.
"Thanks," Steve snorted.
Tony sighed heavily on the other end, "I know, Cap. Now just really isn't a good time. Where are you anyway?"
"Your buddies keep calling me, wanting to know how you are. I told them that we had to force you to power down and that we plan on keeping you like that for awhile," Rhodey explained. "Pepper made up some bullshit about your wires snapping and sending out false signals," He tapped Tony's forehead. That was different than the story Iron Man had given them, but Tony didn't feel like straightening that out right now.
A second explosion knocked everyone off their feet. The tower seemed to sway for a moment. Large cracks formed along the floor, small sections of it starting to cave in. Steve used his shield to protect himself from the bits of ceiling that were raining down on him. "We need to get out of here! Everyone get to the Quinjet!" They were on the 50th floor. No time to take the stairs.
"PETER!!" Tony screamed, breaking into a coughing fit right after doing so.
"No, you daft creature! The scientist behind the beast! He'll know what to do." Osborn moved over to the window, glaring at the city below. "He knows Spider-man's biology better than anyone. He also knows about Venom. He can help me alter the symbiote to fit my needs."
"Banner." Tony hissed, igniting his jet boots.
They flew together in silence for awhile, heading north along the mountain range. The clouds started getting thicker, and the air colder.
"Be careful," Bucky warned.
"Hit him in the ribs. That was unnecessary and you know it." Stark spat.
"He's seventeen. And will not be having any beer except for root beer tonight," Steve announced. Peter grumbled something under his breath as he trudged to the kitchen to get a soda. Clint found it odd that Cap would know Spider-man's exact age, but he didn't press the subject.
"There's nothing to talk about," Tony went into the bathroom, locking the door behind him. Steve left the room when he heard the shower being turned on.
Steve kissed his forehead, "I'll be right back." Steve only made it a few feet from the couch before Iron Man jumped up and hugged him from behind. "Anthony," Steve scolded gently.
"You guys go on ahead." Bruce put a hand on the wall crawler's shoulder. "I need to run some quick tests on Pete. Make sure the antidote is doing its job."
"Somebody want to tell me what the hell's going on?!" Director Fury shouted from the doorway, making everyone jump. He scanned the workshop, glaring at the mess of mechanical parts.
"Mind your business, Rogers. What movie are we watching?"
"Is there someone you like?" Steve pressed.
Repulsors shot through the wall, beheading the two bots standing guard. They crumpled to the ground, sparks flying from their frayed wires.
"I remember the science behind it. How each flake is unique," Peter said, holding the snow close to his face, as if trying to spot the differences between them. "It's weird. How you can know exactly how the world works, without remembering your part in it. It's like watching a movie with no characters."
"I have a feeling their next move will be a big one..." Natasha added, remembering Peter's voicemail, warning his friends to get out of Queens.
"Cut me with that shit and you can bet your ass I will scream until my lungs give out," Peter spat.
"So, what's the news, shellhead?" Cap leaned against the railing.
Tony moved forward, the concern clear on his face. Steve threw an arm across Tony's chest and shook his head. Tony opened his mouth to protest but was met with a stern look from the first Avenger.
"Old friend, you have disappointed me greatly," Thor appeared out of nowhere, his hammer connecting with the Hulk's skull.
"I'm fine, honey bear," Iron Man's voice was weak.
"You gotta let me take a look at Henry," Bruce put on his glasses to get a better view of the spider. "I'd like to do a brain scan, and also run some tests. Figure out how smart he really is."
Peter didn't hear him. He had felt lightheaded the entire trip home, but now it was starting to become a problem. Tucking a box of cereal under his arm, Peter exited the room, hoping he was just hungry.
"Let's go get some lunch. What would you like?" Tony smiled. He started the car only for Peter to reach over and turn off the ignition. Tony gave him a questing look. Peter took a deep, shaky breath before telling Tony everything. Who had hurt him, why and what they had really done to his arms. Every last detail. Even the part about being transported in a dog crate.
Steve grabbed Tony by the shoulder, "Stark. I'm serious. Peter has been through enough emotional trauma already. Don't add to it."
"Here," Tony handed Peter a beer.
"I'm thirty-one."
"Ow...Fuck..." Tony worked his arms and legs under him as best he could, crawling into the workshop itself. Not too much further. Dum-E noticed his struggle and rushed over. It beeped frantically, waving its claw. Tony reached out to it, "get me to my desk." Dum-E grabbed Tony by the back of the shirt and drug him the remaining distance. From there, the cyborg was able to climb onto his stool. Tony's chest heaved, his mouth open wide as he gulped for air. He grabbed the edge of the desk to steady himself. "It's fine. Just going into cardiac arrest. Everything is fine," he mumbled to himself as he typed a string of commands into his computer. His vision was starting to blur. He must have been swaying because Dum-E had put its arm against Tony's back.
Let me know if you enjoyed, your comments keep me writing! :D
Harry shrugged, "sometimes things just don't work out, and that's okay. Can I ask you something?"
Steve frowned. Clint ran his gloved fingertips over the edge of the car door, his head was bowed, avoiding eye contact with Steve. "Thought you didn't like him?"
"Good," Steve caressed the side of his face, smiling at the way Iron Man leaned into his touch. "I love you. You know that right?"
"Bastards." Tony glared at the wires around his chest. "This isn't a regular lie detector. What is this?"
"Do what?"
"Jarvis?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"You'll find out soon enough, my dear spider," the man said evenly, one of the tentacles shooting out to grab Spider-man. The vigilante leaped over the tentacle and lunged for the intruder. The rest of the Avengers weren't far behind.
Henry raised and lowered his two front legs but said nothing.
"We're the only ones here, Tony." Iron Man grunted at that. Steve sighed, "okay, we can talk somewhere else." Steve allowed his teammate to lead him the library. As Steve moved towards the center of the room, his super-hearing picked up the tiny click of the door being locked. "What did you want to talk about, Shellhead?"
Peter hesitated, his hand hovering over the spider logo on his chest. "This is gonna hurt..." He took a deep breath and clicked the button. His costume instantly tightened around his body. He let out a strangled cry as the reinforced fabric tightened around his chest.
"Steve has a big heart, he loves everyone," Tony shook his head.
"Good lord...is he...?" Steve looked at Peter's limp form in absolute horror.
After a very nerve racking minute, FRIDAY reported, "two life forms detected." The outlines of two people appeared on Tony's display. A male figure was bent over a female one, supporting a chunk of concrete with his back. Before Tony could make a move, the concrete shifted. Spider-man lifted it up over his head and tossed it to the side. He let his arms fall limply at his sides, his chest heaving for oxygen.
Clint pleaded.
"You're awful."
"Keep doing your job, Barton. Whether they like it or not, these people need to get out of midtown." Steve snapped.
Natasha stopped in her tracks and shook herself. Peter dying was not something she wanted to think about.
Osborn's face broke into a disturbing smile, "Oh, you won't remember. I can promise you that much." He connected the oxygen mask to a small tank and turned the knobs. Green gas pumped into the mask, filling Spider-man's lungs. Spider-man held his breath and struggled against the restraints even more.
Peter kept his eyes glued to the window, mouth clamped shut.
"Peter, calm down, it's just me." Iron Man reached for Peter's arm, raising his face plate in the process.
"Useless. Such a waste of my time. Years of research and nothing to show for it." Bruce made the suit pull back its fist. Peter threw up his arms in a vain effort to defend himself.
Steve shook himself, bewildered by what was happening. "What?! Why...I don't understand, why are you doing this?"
"The beast has taken our Captain to that castle," Thor reported. Tony looked up to see that the dragon was gone. But there was indeed what appeared to be a castle nestled in the side of the mountains. "We need to find horses. We won't make it in time on foot. Maybe those deer could-" Thor cut himself off at the sound of footsteps behind them. Everyone turned to see a fairly short man with long hair and pointed ears.
"Peter. He says you're the lame dad. And I'm the fun dad."
"I thought I was the childish one?" Clint shook his head.
"What's-oh...OH." Bruce's eyes nearly bulged out of his head. "I had no idea...this...this explains a lot."
Tony put a hand on Peter's shoulder, "Pete-ARGH!" Peter had grabbed his hand and crushed it, he could hear the bones cracking inside the armor. Sparks flew out of the mangled gauntlet. Peter grunted as he grabbed Tony's arm with both hands and flung him across the room. Iron Man crashed through a window and fell to the lounge below. A second later he flew back up, hovering outside what was left of the window. "Okay. Playtime's over, junior."
"Did you build him?" Steve asked, not taking his eyes of the bot.
"Well, that too. Iron Man is a good friend of mine, but like you said. He's just a robot. A relationship just isn't possible."
"Can't believe Henry likes Thor and not me," Clint muttered.
"I do. What should I do, Buck?"
"Keep the Jet running," Steve instructed. "Comms on."
the kitchen. Or even tower. "Let's get out of here..." Spider-man adjusted his mask and crawled through an air duct. Henry sat on his shoulder, silent as ever.
"No. Just smart enough to know when to pick my fights," Bruce hummed. "I'm a wanted man. I don't want the police showing up here."
"I don't want your damn promises," Pepper snapped. "I don't care if you're mad at him. I would be too. And you had every right to break up with him. What you
Venom tried to bring his arm down, but couldn't. "What...? No!"
After another ten minutes of fighting, the bots had been completely taken care of. The Avengers only had a split second to catch their breaths before an explosion rocked the foundation.
"Don't interrupt. It's rude," Obediah sneered. "Fuck it. I'm just going to kill you now." He lunged.
"I miss him."
Steve frowned, "let me help you."
"We don't," Natasha muttered.
" Tony paused again, shuffling the cards in his hands.
mouth shut!! How would you like that, you son of a bitch?!" Tony roared, thrashing against Steve's hold, wanting nothing more than to rip out Bruce's throat.
"Guess we know why the tracker went out..." Tony sighed. He had hidden it in the spider on the back. Everyone had panicked when the signal was suddenly lost a few hours ago. The tracker had also been broadcasting Peter's vitals. Watching Peter's heart beat flat line was stressful, to say the least. Tony felt like he had aged ten years in the past hour alone.
"Get out."
"You aren't?" Steve raised an eyebrow.
"What?" Tony looked up to see Spider-man slowly limping across the lawn. Dark liquid ran down his forearms and dripped from his fingers. Spider-man swayed, about to fall over. "PETER!!" Tony rushed forward and caught Spider-man right before he hit the ground. He pulled his son close, cradling him in his arms. "Peter..."
"No. I killed them. Burned the building to the ground," Tony whispered. "I want to go home."
Peter squinted his lenses at a kind faced old man that had taken a seat next to him. "Huh?"
"I find that really hard to believe," Sam laughed.
"Um..." Sam shifted around awkwardly.
"He was here," Steve stopped at the street corner and looked up at the now clear skies. He still held the bolt tightly in his fist.
"Right. Yes, of course," Tony's smile vanished.
"Peter, we just want to help. You trust us right?" Bruce sat on the edge of the bed, his eyebrows knit together. He reached out to touch Peter's other shoulder.
"We got company!" Natasha warned, watching out the back windows as a pair of fighter jets flew towards them. Their guns were at the ready, and they were closing in fast.
"If you got involved then you would've gotten hurt too, dummy." Tony huffed. "You can always put me back together. But I can't do the same with you."
There were no other Avengers present in the video. Just Tony standing behind the podium. Happy stood off to the side, looking as serious as ever.
"I don't know. He ran off." Steve didn't try to fight back against her manhandling his shirt.
Tony awoke to the cold surface of an operating table. In a strange place with strange people in lab coats fluttering around him. He had been stripped of his armor and clothes, now wearing nothing but a pair of white shorts. Tony thrashed against his restraints. He tried to activate the repulsors in his prosthetics but nothing happened. He tried calling his armor next. It didn't come.
The voice hissed.
"I changed my mind. I'm going to just make my robot into one giant leg," Tony pointed the screwdriver at Peter. "It's sole purpose in life will be to hop around and kick everyone in the shins." Peter burst out laughing at the image of a tiny robotic leg bouncing around the compound.
Spider-man shifted around, lowering his head and bunching up his shoulders. He would have attacked Tony right then and there, but that wouldn't have been a good idea, considering their altitude. His lenses narrowed as far as they could. "I remember it very clearly. Right down to the color of the thread. And your
"A whole lot of nothing. Well, there is something. No kid, though." Tony muttered.
"So, Spidey. We have a mission for you," The Captain leaned forward, folding his hands neatly on the table.
"Oooooor you could just let me go? I won't tell anyone about this, I promise. Just let me go." Peter begged, panic spreading through his body. He did his best to sound cheerful as he continued, "I'm you're buddy, aren't I? Your pal? Your friendly friend? Please don't kill me. That would suck."
"Guess you don't remember snow, huh?"
thank you for reading thus far!
Osborn's face split into a cruel smile, "thank you."
. You sick bastard...so much for family, huh?"
"You attacked first, bug boy." Tony shot him in the back with a repulsor. Thankfully Spidey's suit had been designed by Stark and absorbed most of the blast, but it still stung like hell.
"We've dealt with this kind of thing before," Natasha tilted her head. "This...Extremis must be pretty bad if it made Bruce upset. Where's Bruce now? We need to get this sorted out-"
"Define 'life threatening'," Peter shrugged.
"Don't call me that." Steve frowned.
"We've fought armies before," Bruce shrugged.
"You think I give a shit?" Fury scoffed. "We still need all the Avengers for this one. Get your ass in gear and get on that Quinjet."
Spider-man wasn't stopping. He headed directly for Iron Man at nearly 80 miles per hour. At the last second, Peter jerked the bike sideways and jumped off. Tony barely got out an "oh fuck" before the motorcycle plowed into him. The display inside his helmet flickered. Wanda pulled Peter onto the back of her bike as she zoomed past him. Spider-man looked over his should at the mangled metal that might have once been a motorcycle. Or Iron Man. The lack of daylight made it impossible to tell.
Iron Man drummed his fingers on the armrest, thinking for a few minutes. "You still haven't seen Star Wars, have you?"
Steve landed the jet a few miles from the Avengers facility. Just far enough away that they wouldn't be on SHIELD's radar, but still close enough for Tony and Rhodey to quickly get their suits. He glanced over his shoulder at his team. He was still in a state of amazement that they had all made it out alive. He couldn't help but smile at Tony, who returned it weakly. Tony was sitting on the floor, with Peter in his lap. He had his arms wrapped tightly around the sleeping wall crawler.
"Okay..." Bruce took his glasses off and rubbed his eyes. "Let me get this straight. You were trying to make a replacement for yourself...and it backfired."
Bruce went over to help Tony look. He froze in his tracks when he caught sight of Tony's arc reactor. The usually bright blue glow was dim. It flickered twice. "Is that supposed to be...doing that?" He motioned at Tony's chest, right when the reactor flickered again. They didn't know much about the reactor, other than the fact that it powered the Iron Man suit. Tony got defensive whenever anyone mentioned the arc reactor, so no one asked about it.
"Stark-"
"Like I said, I was helping you reach your full potential."
"Wouldn't be able to shower if it wasn't." Tony raised an eyebrow.
"Bingo!" A voice called right as the net was zapped full of electricity. Spider-man howled in pain and fell onto his side. He twitched on the ground as the wires continued to electrocute him. He felt like his brain would be turned to mush if it went on much longer. Something was burning. The smell made him nauseous. Was it him? Or the grass? He couldn't tell. Peter tried to roll away, but his limbs refused to cooperate, completely paralyzed by the high voltage. Black spots danced around the edge of his vision. The electricity stopped, but Peter's body still twitched, spit running down his chin, eyes rolling back into his skull.
"Cap-" Tony sat up, the reactor bumping against his stomach. The light was flickering now.
"Cap, we can't find the first aid kit," Bruce reported after a solid ten minutes of searching. Tony was still looking for the backpack that contained his spare reactor. Steve and Natasha were helping look for the medical supplies too, but they hadn't found anything.
"Um, excuse me?" Natasha stepped in front of Iron Man. "Who are you?"
There was a long silence before Tony spoke up again. "Steve and I were going to go down to the courthouse tomorrow. Try to get the adoption paperwork. Want to come?" He hadn't originally planned to do that, but he didn't want Peter being by himself. At least, not until the figured out what had happened at Oscorp. It was going to be difficult for Peter to have someone with him at all times. He was a full grown man after all, with his own life outside the tower.
Tony glared at Bucky, "now isn't the time-"
"I couldn't win that battle and escape with Spider-man still breathing. You know that, Toomes."
"He already left," Peter reported. "Tony scared him half to death!"
"Did you get hit?" Natasha asked, not believing him for a second.
"Fine. He's going to find out eventually. And then he's gonna get pissy because I hid you from him."
The chart showed Spider-man vitals. It was reporting an increased heart rate and a significant amount of blood loss. Another chart with his skeleton showed several of his ribs and his left arm highlighted in bright red, signaling they had been broken. Tony felt his own blood run cold. He swiped to the next screen. A tiny red dot was bouncing around a tight area in Queens. Tony picked his phone back up, "Happy, how close are you to-"
"It's Tony Stark," Steve chuckled. "Of course he would."
Deadpool nodded again. "If you say so."
"Well, if you're not going to dance with someone, then I am," Natasha drug Clint out onto the dance floor.
"Ned Leeds. Peter's friend. He saw what happened to Peter. Unfortunately, the call got dropped before he could tell me."
"My fight's not with you. Stay out of this, Clint." Peter snarled.
"Well, I didn't outright tell him. But I did kiss him," Steve explained.
"No, we haven't! Use those rocket boots and go after them!" Steve snapped. He skidded to a halt next to Natasha, who had pulled over on the side of the highway and was also looking up at the armored Avenger. She had seen Wanda shoot a small ball of energy at Tony right before she swerved into the heavy traffic.
"Had to take a business call." Rhodey leaned over and tapped a knuckle on the bowl, "eat. She'll be upset if you reject her cooking."
This chapter was very dialogue heavy, but I hope you enjoyed reading it just as much as I enjoyed writing it.
"And Obadiah is supposed to be dead...hang on..." War Machine suddenly spun around, one arm raised, with tiny missiles folded out of his forearm. He was pointing them directly at Steve and Thor's hiding spot. "Heat signatures!"
"The detector isn't faulty. What Maximoff said about Stark having a mental breakdown must be true. He's fabricated all these lies to cope with it." Fury nodded, "We must be sure, though. I want you to question the other Avengers. Let me know if their stories are the same as his. For now, let Stark out of the handcuffs."
"Has anyone seen my shield?" Cap asked suddenly.
Henry chirped and ran off. He returned a few minutes later with Spider-man's mask, dragging it behind him with his two hind legs.
"You have my suit."
The person gasped,
Steve nudged Iron Man's leg. "Play nice, shellhead." Iron Man kept laughing, the clicking sound was like music to Steve's ears. He knew how depressed the robot had been since the tower fell, and for awhile he was worried that he would never hear the other's laughter again. Steve did find the joke rather amusing and allowed himself a small smile.
"I'm coming with him," MJ took Peter's hand. Peter gave her hand a loving squeeze. "And you can't stop me."
"Who do you think you're talking to?" Tony smirked, already moving around the lab to collect what they needed.
Henry huddled in the piece of the air duct on the floor. He pulled his legs close to his body, not making a single sound.
"Ultron's not gone," Rhodey frowned. "He just can't use Tony's suits," he nodded at the workbench. "Tony said he was using the internet as a place to hide. What's to say he didn't use the internet to run and hide again when the suits started to blow?"
"You could go without the suit," Bucky nudged his shin. "You don't have to tell them who you are. I can make up some story about meeting you at the PTSD support group I go to."
"RUDE." Clint slammed a fist on the table. Peter webbed his mouth shut.
"Shut up."
"I guess you could say that," Iron Man kept his eyes on the tabletop. He traced the edge of the island with an index finger. "I didn't think my circuits would react that way. I'm sorry if I made you uncomfortable."
Natasha texted.
Bruce frowned. He looked Peter over for a moment, taking in his battered form. "You disappoint me, Peter. We could have done great things together."
Strange. But Steve rolls with it.
Steve slipped his shield onto his back, "nice work kid."
"Then he's an idiot. Falling in love with a fucking robot," Tony finally turned to face his friend.
"Ned keeps trying to call you, by the way. I don't know if Tony told you."
"Why not?"
"That's new," Tony commented.
"Don't thank me yet," Iron Man grumbled as he fiddled with the chains. "Where's your shield?" Steve jerked his head over his shoulder, and Iron Man followed his gaze to where the shield was leaned against the wall. The robot used it to break the chains. He wasted no time scooping Steve into his arms and flying out of the hole in the roof. Once they were a safe distance away, Iron Man set the captain down and scanned him for injuries. "No internal bleeding. Though, we should probably take you to SHIELD medical, just in case."
"Get even?" Bruce raised an eyebrow.
"What do you mean, everything? What is there to know other than him being Spider-man?" Bruce slipped the document into his desk drawer, planning to burn it after the Captain left.
"No, it wasn't." Tony nodded, "I had all records and data concerning the project stored on my private servers. Someone stole them. Along with some other very important documents. I haven't been able to figure out who did it."
Steve set his sketchbook down and went over to the cyborg. "You feeling alright? You sound sick."
"Guess we are. We'll just have to be our own little family." Bucky clapped his metal hand on Iron Man's shoulder. "You know what? You used to scare me the most. But you're just a big softy."
"Liar."
Steve.
"He doesn't want to talk to you, Cap," Rhodey said flatly.
"I made my boy cry, Steve. He cried and I couldn't-"
"You can't trust Banner!" Tony slammed both his fists on the table. "He's the one who-"
"There was a breakout at the Raft. Scarlet Witch has escaped." Tony said with absolutely no emotion. The background voices fell silent.
"Go to sleep," Iron Man demanded.
The agent grabbed Tony by the arm before he could get very far. The man may have been a lot smaller than Tony, but he had a grip like iron. "No. We have to go now. If anyone sees you they'll shoot you on the spot."
"I'm well aware of that fact, thank you Captain Obvious." Peter crossed his arms over his chest. "But we've been friends since kindergarten."
"Fuck off, Barnes."
"Thanks, it's the third-degree burns." Tony rubbed the thick bandages on his throat. The same bandages covered his upper arm, but those were hidden by his sleeve. Tony ached all over. His head felt heavy and he wanted to sleep for the next week.
"Guys! Aliens in Chicago! We gotta go!" Clint yelled as he ran past the conference room on the way to the aircraft hangar. Steve glanced at Tony's image before collecting his shield and hurrying out the door.
"Still can't believe you're dating Tony Stark," Bucky grumbled, sliding down in his seat. He had been unfrozen for a few months but was just now returning to America. Steve had picked him up at the airport and driven him straight to the Avengers facility, where he would be living until further notice. Steve slowed down as the road turned to gravel and the compound came into view.
"Right away, boss."
"I am."
"Don't call him," Tony spat.
"Guess again, Shellhead." Steve kept his tone light. "How are you doing?"
Tony groaned as he slowly sat up, running both hands over his face and through his tangled hair. "Ugh...sleeping on the floor...bad idea. Ow." He stretched, popping his back. "so...radio tower. That was the plan right?"
Setting his coffee aside, Steve went over to sit with them, "having fun?"
Steve watched Peter slowly move around the kitchen. He had healed remarkably fast, all things considered. His arm had mended, and the bruises were gone. He complained about his ribs aching but otherwise was back to his old self. Tony said it was all thanks to the advanced medicine the Avengers had access too. Which, could very well be true. Although, Steve was almost 100% certain that it was due to Peter having a healing factor. Peter hadn't spoken to anyone about the incident. Not even Tony. If anyone brought it up, the teen just shrank in on himself and refused to talk.
Peter slowly pried open his eyes. "Ow..." His head was pounding in such a way that he wasn't sure if it was his spider sense, a head injury, or both. All he knew was that he was curled up in a small plastic box. A metal grate blocked the exit to said box. Wait. Was he in a dog crate? Peter groaned. Clint would never let him live this down if he found out.
"Peter!" Several voices yelled in unison. He was on speaker. Great.
A deep growl rumbled in Harry's throat. He didn't let go of the gun, eyes boring into Peter's. "I'm sorry. I so, so sorry, Harry." Peter whispered. "Do what you have to do."
Tony flinched. So, that was a yes.
Pepper smiled softly. "You're making the right decision. But don't be stupid about it," she held the shield out to him. "I know nothing can stop you once you made up your mind. And that there isn't a force in this world that could keep you away from Steve. But you're not invincible."
"And I have some news of my own: these are your last minutes on earth. So you better man up and show yourself." Tony kicked open a door. The room was empty. He did the same with the next few rooms. No one.
"So what happens after you've created this...thing?" Steve waved a hand at the schematics. "What happens to...
"We have three minutes left. Hurry." The agent let go of Tony and continued running down the hall. Tony took a deep breath to steady himself and followed the mysterious agent. The agent led the group up a maintenance stairwell and onto the top deck.
"But you did. Stop breathing down my neck."
"Steeeebe," Iron Man made grabby hands at Steve. Bucky clenched his jaw. The moment the cyborg walked in, Bucky knew that he was drunk. Damnit, why did Tony put on his suit if he was wasted? And how did he even get alcohol? Bucky had been pretty sure that Pepper had gotten rid of Tony's stockpile. Apparently, she had missed a few bottles. "Steeeebe, you're so prettyyyy..." Iron Man's head lolled back against the couch cushions. "Aw, where'd you go?" He said to the ceiling.
"I thought you hated heavy metal?" Iron Man crossed his arms.
"I don't know. I'll take him to the workshop. Buck, can you call Pepper?"
"You got it off yourself," Tony corrected. "We got it back into a bottle before it could latch onto someone else. It's locked up in the lab right now."
Tony was silent for another minute before punching the dashboard. "FUCK." Peter jumped at his sudden outburst. "FRIDAY?"
"Don't sneak up on me..." Natasha relaxed ever so slowly. She put the gun down on the kitchen table.
"Tony, yes," he grinned.
Tony cut him off, "you didn't know me until Loki attacked. My panic attacks and nightmares are old news." Tony made a move to hug his knees to his chest but thought better of it. He needed to prove he was alright, to both himself and Steve.
"Actually, we do know. We know that you were held captive. And used as the subject for medical experimentation." Bruce took off his glasses and tucked them into his shirt pocket. The other Avengers were shifting around the room, all of them looking a bit uncomfortable. "We know about AIM, about what they did to you-"
"I suppose your fears were justified." Steve took a deep breath, allowing himself to relax. "We're done here." The sharp look in Steve's eyes hadn't gone away. "I can't do this, Tony. I can't be with someone who doesn't trust me to the point of keeping their own name a secret."
"Actually, he did call me dad, remember?" Tony puffed out his chest proudly. "And you're not his second dad. I'm his only parent. Got that?" He wasn't really sure where his relationship with Cap stood. If they could call it a relationship. They hadn't really discussed it. Although, this wasn't the first time they had kissed in the past month.
"Wait, what?!" Steve gasped.
Long chapter is loooong. But mostly dialogue?
"Stark!!" Sam yelled when the armored Avenger flew into view. He was currently sifting through the rubble, looking for Spider-man. "Get back to the Hulk!"
"Bingo." Iron Man shoved Bucky's head forward, nearly breaking his nose on the concrete floor. The weight was lifted from Bucky's back, and the soldier pushed himself to his knees. He looked over his shoulder to see Iron Man retreating to the corner. He bent one of his legs up, looking at the bottom of his foot. The repulsor had shot a hole straight through the sole of his shoe. Iron Man cursed and stomped his foot. "Get out."
Before Tony could answer, Spider-man sprung to life, kicking the suit in the chest and sending it crashing onto its back. The wall-crawler plunged his fist into the arc reactor, destroying it in one blow. The suit whirred, its eyes blinking, then going blank for good.
Iron Man moved around the room, looking for answers he knew wouldn't be there.
"Huh," Bucky said again, nodding slowly. Bucky was still recovering from his time as a brainwashed hydra soldier and didn't talk much. But he always had a lot to say when he did feel like talking. He also had a lot of questions. Mostly about modern life. But also about how Iron Man functioned. Tony didn't mind. He liked Bucky. The softly spoken soldier was friendly and level-headed. But he also possessed enough sass to rival both Tony and Sam.
Iron Man suddenly lashed out, slamming his palms against Steve's chest, forcing him onto his back. He straddled the man's hips and leaned in close. "Go. To. Sleep." He snarled, blue eyes blazing. "Or else."
"You can go back to calling the shots when you stop acting like a lovesick puppy," Bucky rolled his eyes.
Iron Man flinched at the sound of his name. "Yes..."
Peter didn't answer, his eyes not leaving the ceiling. Natasha followed his gaze. Henry was directly above them. The tarantula had run off when Spider-man became violent, but now it seems as though he has returned. Peter held up his hands and Henry dropped into his open palms. Peter pulled the spider close, not taking his eyes off him for even a second.
"You bastards are too late. They got him." The man next to Natasha sneered. "Spider-man's done for."
Henry raised his front legs in warning, letting out a string of angry hissing.
"Yeah, Pepper knows how to cook. But we both already knew that." Rhodey chuckled. He smiled as he watched Tony finish off the soup in a matter of minutes. A bit of life had returned to that dark brown eye, and that put part of Rhodey's mind at ease, gave him hope that Tony was going to be alright. When Rhodey had found him, lying in the middle of a road, half buried in the snow, he was sure that his friend was dead. When he had torn the faceplate off, and seen how much blood was on Tony's actual face...He thought for sure that it was all over. Thought that if Tony's face looked like that then there was no hope for the rest of his body. Once he got him cleaned up everything was surprisingly okay. He had sustained a head wound when he crashed, resulting in a lot of blood. And he had a lot of fresh scars on his body. Lots of recently healed cuts. His cybernetic parts could use a bit of tuning, but otherwise, he was okay.
"You guys weren't the only prisoners. There were about ten other actual criminals with super powers. I let them out." Peter answered. "Fury will have his hands full for awhile."
"Fine," Peter huffed, shifting around uncomfortably. Thor was staring at him again. The god had been doing so ever since Peter took off his mask after the meeting. "Stop looking at me like that." His head snapped in Thor's direction, his voice dripping with venom. "I don't need your pity." Thor quickly looked away.
"If I can't see him, then tell me. Is he going to be alright?" Tony whispered.
"You smell like smoke," Bucky commented when Tony finished eating.
Sam darted forward and punched the button, instantly putting the jet into stealth mode. The agent made a sharp turn and ducked under one of their pursuers, and continued flying in the opposite direction. The two jets that had been following them continued forward for a short bit before having no choice but to return to the Helicarrier.
." Tony took a long sip of coffee, holding the mug tightly in both hands. Tony truly believed his one purpose in life was to pilot the Iron Man suit. Help people. Save lives. Do what he can to atone for his sins before he kicked the bucket.
," Tony hopped off the desk and made a dramatic show of leaving the room. Steve couldn't help but smile at his retreating figure.
"I'll calm down when I'm dead," Tony snapped before flying back up through the trapped door.
"I-I don't know...is he having a panic attack?"
"There is a miniature Stark on this planet? Odin help us all," Thor teased. "Where is the child?"
"Widow wanted me to work on her new gauntlets. Do you want to help me with those after this?"
Steve smiled and took a seat next to her, "I'll keep that in mind." She went back to typing on her laptop, and Steve turned his attention to Iron Man. Their flying turned into playing a game of war, which led to Iron Man lying on the ground because Clint's son had "shot" him. His daughter was tugging at Iron Man's head, yelling about how he needed to get up. When he didn't budge, she ran at her brother, declaring she would avenge Iron Man. Steve chuckled as the two kids ran in circles around each other pretending to fire repulsors from their palms. Iron Man eventually sat back up and was instantly swarmed by the curious kids. He sat completely still, cross-legged in the grass as the kids crawled all over him.
Peter scrunched up his nose, "that's disgusting."
"MJ!!!" Peter screamed. He shot a web but the Vulture was too far out of reach. "WHOA!!!"
"Okay, okay. I'll just fling myself straight into the sun instead. That'll solve all our problems."
"But, Toooooonnnnnyyyy. I'm not tired!" Peter protested.
"No!"
"I still can't believe you had Henry in that box," Clint muttered, his back to Peter as the web slinger changed out of his costume. Wanda and Natasha were keeping guard outside the room. He traced his finger around Peter's desk, amused by the way Henry chased after it.
"Tony!" Steve put his hand back on Tony's cheeks.
"I am. I was just hoping you'd give them a face to go along with the name," Bucky sighed.
"You've been jogging. I've been busting my ass trying to keep up." Tony took the jacket that was tied around his waist and used it to wipe the sweat from his face.
"I'm nineteen years old!!" Peter threw his hands in the air.
"Of course you do-" Clint started, only for Natasha to jab him in the ribs.
Steve grunted and went back to throwing punches. "Haven't seen you around in awhile."
Iron Man silently stepped out into the light.
Tony stepped forward. "Peter, we really need you to come back to the compound with us. That thing, we need to get it off you before-"
"You should ask his dad, then. I don't know anything about him," Spider-man shifted around nervously, pulling one of his legs up and hugging his knee.
Peter shook his head, "I'm here for the weekend. Couldn't sleep. Found something to tinker with."
"Wow. Real deal. Huh." The man leaned back on his hands. "Funny. Lived in new york all my life, but I never met an Avenger in person. Until now."
Peter's head snapped up, "how did you-"
"I said 'I did'." Iron Man huffed. "I did this to myself. I...needed to express some anger."
Iron Man soared high above the city, following the web-slinger as he zig-zagged through the streets. Trackers had been put in Peter's web shooters, without his knowledge. Tony had put them there years ago, and thankfully he hadn't had to use them until now. The sun was starting to set, he had been following Peter for hours. Although Tony was impressed by how long he could web sling, he was worried that Spidey would hurt himself. Thankfully, Spider-man stopped on a fire escape, perching on the railing. Tony dived down and landed next to him. The metal walkway creaked under the weight of Tony's armor. Spider-man ignored his foster parent.
"I find that really hard to believe, considering how you were acting five seconds ago," Steve ran into the fray.
Steve darted after him, grabbing him by the arm before he could leave the porch. "What are you doing?"
"Tony."
"The fuck was that all about?" Clint tried to be serious, but couldn't help the small giggles escaping him.
"You killed someone," Steve repeated.
There was a heavy metallic thud behind them followed by a, "give him to me." Everyone looked up to see War Machine. He held out his arms to take the injured bot. Steve scooped Iron Man up bridal style and handed him over to Rhodes. Steve had to pry Iron Man's hand from his shirt.
"A tarantula...? As a pet...? Boy, times have changed. Back in my day we just killed spiders and moved on with our lives. No offense!" He said quickly, after seeing the look of horror on Peter's face.
." Steve spat the last word. Tony felt like he had been slapped in the face. He looked up and found the super soldier standing directly in front of him.
Steve took a seat on the floor next to Tony. He poked at some of the pieces, the fascination clear on his face. "You made this," he murmured. Tony nodded. "Wow," Steve breathed out. He picked up the hand, which was still mostly in one piece. He turned it over and ran his fingers over the repulsor in the palm. The arm was like a simplified version of what was seen on the armor. Minus the loud paint job. Tony let Steve fawn over the cybernetics. He smiled to himself, finding it funny how Steve, a man out of time, was fascinated by robotics. Tony shifted closer to his lover, pressing their thighs together. He kept working on his arm, not really paying attention to the movie. Every once in awhile, Steve would ask him a question about the arm, and people would loudly shush him or throw popcorn. Tony answered his questions in a hushed voice.
"No. You can't see it," Iron Man said cooly.
Iron Man held up his middle finger. Steve quickly slapped his hand down.
"He's a murderer-"
Peter sat back. A seatbelt clicked into place. "Can I borrow a phone?"
"Iron Man has forbidden me from using the microwave," Thor explained.
"Legs bothering you again?"
Tony took a deep breath, "stuff that no one needs to know about."
"Is that supposed to be a masturbation joke? Because I don't know how I feel about making masturbation jokes with robots," Bucky made a face. "Ow! Steve! Don't kick me!"
Peter froze, the food in his mouth suddenly tasting like sand. He forced himself to swallow it. "Why do you want to know?"
"We barely got you out in one piece... we're on the run now." Wanda continued. "We have friends in Queens. They're going to help us take down Stark before he can hurt anyone else."
"Stay with me? Just until I fall back asleep. Usually, I go to Bucky when I have nightmares, but I don't want to bother him and...yeah."
"You already do that. Quite often," Iron Man chuckled.
"You said you lost your only pictures of them. Managed to find that one in some of May's old stuff," Tony explained, scratching the back of his head. "Oof! Easy, kiddo!" Tony chuckled. Peter had suddenly flung himself into Tony's arms, hugging him tightly.
The room was filled with heavily armed men and women. All clad in black. They appeared to be having some sort of meeting. All were gathered around the center of the room, their attention completely focused on whoever was standing in the center of the circle.
The humming from the repulsor fizzled out. Tony lowered his arm. Steve watched as the plates slid back into their passive state, reforming the shape of his arm.
"Steve, I need you to get a sedative. Find something strong enough for Spider-man." Tony said quickly. Venom let out a strangled scream, tossing his head back against Iron Man's chest plate and leaving a dent. Sparks shot out from the armor's arms. "HURRY. I can't hold him much longer!!"
"Please don't joke about that," Tony said.
"Yeah. Sure. Whatever. The usual, please." Peter slid a couple crumpled ones through the window. The man grumbled and went about making his order.
"Jesus Christ, kid..." Tony slumped against the wall.
Steve sprinted back to the lab. Dum-E whirred happily, waving an empty syringe in its claw. "Thanks," Steve grabbed the needle and spun around wildly, not sure where to find the sedative itself. Med bay was on the other side of the building. He wouldn't get there and back in time. FRIDAY opened up one of the metal cabinets, a rack of vials sliding out.
"What's wrong?!" Tony asked, fearing the worst. He looked across the street to see Spider-man and Osborn still fighting. Spider-man was still in one piece, so that was good.
"He loves you."
"He's having dinner, just like the rest of us." Peter set another piece of fruit next to Henry.
"No. Bruce would've gotten to him quicker. God knows what would've happened at that point...Tony. Tony, look at me." Steve gently turned Tony's head in his direction. "Peter's almost twenty. If you hadn't have found him, he might not have lived to see sixteen. And you damn well know it. Peter's in a bad place right now. But it'll get better. He'll heal just like he always does, and he'll move on. None of this is your fault, Tony. Don't you dare regret your actions."
"Is what happened thirteen years ago part of why they respect you so much?"
Tony shook his head, "it'll be too late by then." His eyes flicked up to the Director. The sun was setting behind him, casting a soft orange glow on the office, and shadowing Fury's face. The cyborg narrowed his eyes, trying to make out the expression on the other man's face. He couldn't.
“He’s coming,” Tony decided for him. “We’ll be right there.” Bucky grinned at them before hurrying off. Tony soon found the articles of clothing he had been searching for and made a beeline for the door. He held it open and motioned for Steve to come over.
"There is definitely liquid inside me, yes," Iron Man said.
"Once," Bucky lied. "Have you?"
"Don't know. Where do you want to go, kiddo?" Tony asked, not taking his eyes off the road. "How about the zoo?"
"Man of Spiders! Let us help you!" Thor had gone the opposite direction and jumped out in front of Peter. "Please come down!"
Tony used his robotic eye to track Steve's heat signature. His silhouette was highlighted red against the blue. Tony didn't usually use his eye to see people's signatures. It was too much information conflicting with his human eye. But right now he felt compelled to track Steve's signature. Once Steve was too far away for Tony to see, he proceeded to slip off his helmet. He took in a deep breath of fresh air and let his head fall back against the crate. Dumm-E rolled over to him, whirring softly. "I'm okay, buddy," he brushed his hand over the bot's claw. "Leg's just acting up." He ran his finger along his thigh, tracing the spot where metal met flesh, just a few inches below his hip. The garage was cold. Cold and metal didn't mix well. Tony increased the heat inside his suit. Having to sleep on the hard seats of the Quinjet probably wasn't helping his situation. But he didn't have a bed at the compound.
"I guess..." Tony hopped up on Steve's desk, his legs dangling over the side. Steve studied the man before him. He looked exhausted. It was more of an emotional exhaustion than physical, although the physical did play a part in it. Tony's eyes were dull, and his shoulders were hunched. Tony had looked like this ever since Steve dumped him. There were a few instances, were Tony looked like he was actually alive, like during movie night last night, or when the two had gone out to lunch with Bucky and Sam. Tony had only been home for three weeks. His road to recovery was only just beginning. Losing Jarvis had clearly set him back. It was going to take a long time for Tony to be his normal self again. If that ever happened. Steve just wanted Tony to be happy.
"Shut up, you're cute when you're sleepy," Iron Man gazed into Steve's eyes. He wanted so badly to kiss him for real. To hold him in his arms, and actually
" Another voice said from off camera. More and more people were crowding around the couple. Steve looked like he was starting to panic. He whispered something to Tony, but Tony just shook his head and downed an entire glass of scotch.
Tony stepped over Bruce's Chihuahua and plopped down beside Steve on the couch. The Chihuahua was the first four-legged addition to the Avengers team. The small creature had a temper to rival the Hulk's and was always trembling with rage. Bruce had named her "Sunday", after the AI Friday. Sunday only let Bruce pet her, and she kept Bruce from Hulking out in stressful situations. Tony heard a hiss from under the couch. The fattest cat Tony had seen in his entire life squeezed its way out from under the furniture. The cat's name was Cheesecake. He belonged to Wanda. Tony had given her the cat as a birthday gift as a way to help her cope with her PTSD. The cat lumbered over to its owner, who was currently going through a stack of DVDs with Clint.
Tony blinked, "um...yeah? It's part of me."
"You okay?"
"What for? We're almost home." Tony asked.
Thunder cracked and the rain started to fall more heavily. A doe made her way into the open, climbing up onto the porch of the cabin opposite their own. Her fur was the standard brown. Nothing like the pitch black of the bucks they had seen earlier. The doe turned its head towards Tony. Her eyes had been replaced with glowing white orbs.
"You have quite a set of lungs on you, boy." Norman lifted Peter's mask and secured an oxygen mask to his face. Norman moved around behind his head, a scalpel in hand. Spider-man started to panic. Norman forced Spider-man to turn his head to the side, "don't worry, I'm not gonna hurt you. I'm just going to use you to hurt other people." Spider-man gasped when the blade made an incision in the back of his neck. "I'm putting a special microchip in your head. Don't try to remove it, you'll just injure yourself. Honestly, I don't mind if you do hurt yourself. I'd just prefer it if you do your job first. I have business to attend to. And I need the Avengers out of the way in order to do so." Spider-man grit his teeth, his whole body shaking as he felt Osborn put something in his neck and stitch up the small cut.
"Colored smoke. Harmless," FRIDAY chirped.
"Your costume. Laundry day?" The man pointed at Peter's hoodie. "Or are you just some weirdo in a half-assed Spider-man costume?"
"Should I be jealous?" Iron Man laid down, bringing Steve with him.
"Ass kicking is our specialty," Sam added.
"I don't think he could accept this many flaws."
"My pleasure. Always here to help the Avengers," Stephen stood up and dusted off his pants. "Allow me to show you to the guest room. You are welcome to stay here until Spider-man has recovered." Tony nodded and scooped Peter into his arms. The boy's head rested under his chin. Stephen levitated up another flight of stairs and down a hallway. A door opened without anyone touching it.
"What are you planning, Peter?" Tony narrowed his eyes.
The man scoffed, "I haven't done a damn thing."
"Furious. But he'll get over it. When's the last time you've been to Coney Island?" Steve smiled.
"Just the usual. Oh, there's this guy who's been picking fights with me for the last two weeks. Calls himself Kraven the Hunter." Spider-man suddenly ripped the page out of his notebook, crumpling the paper in his fist. He started drawing again on the next page. "He's just some weirdo in a fur vest, though. Nothing I can't handle." He kept his head down, with his arms protectively around the page. He could feel Thor's gaze boring into him and did his best to ignore it. They had told Thor that Wanda and Bruce had betrayed them and that they had hurt Peter. Although, they didn't give any details about the event. They couldn't. Not with Peter in the room. There was an unspoken rule that they didn't talk about Bruce or Wanda around Peter. "The traps he sets for me are really annoying, but I don't think he wants me dead. I'll let you know if I figure out his motives."
An Iron Man suit collided with Venom just in time. The two crashed through the opposite wall. Steve looked over to where Tony was sitting only to find the stool vacant. Steve jumped through the new hole in the wall to see Tony battling his son.
Before Peter could answer, his eyes rolled back into his head and he went limp in Tony's arms.
"Hey, Pete. Looks like you could use some help," Steve smiled back. "Eyes on me, big guy," he spoke to the Hulk. The beast roared and slammed his fists on the ground. He then proceeded to charge at Steve. Steve raised his shield over his head, taking on the full force of the Hulk's fists. The soldier's arms quaked, and the ground cracked under his feet, but he otherwise held steady.
"I still think-"
"This is bullshit!" Bucky slammed his fist on the table.
"It was an accident, Peter. It wasn't your fault." Tony sighed. "It's my fault. I should've been more careful. I shouldn't have put you in that situation."
Steve tilted his head, "yeah...? What brought that up?"
"Me?"
"Shall I end this?" Thor raised his hammer, lightning cracked overhead.
"It doesn't matter. Peter's not allowed to date until marriage. Hey! Peter! Stop kicking my seat, you little shi-"
you touch Cap! I'm going to rip you apart! Melt you down to nothing! Do you hear me?!" Tony attacked from behind, grabbing the faceplate with his metal hand and ripping it clean off. There was no one inside.
Bucky shook his head and leaned against the window sill. Steve was talking to Pepper in the driveway. He didn't look happy. And neither did she. Bucky wasn't sure how he was going to keep hiding Iron Man from him. Luckily, it seemed as though he didn't have to. Pepper had him trade in his shield for an ax and sent him to go chop up some firewood. Bucky waited until he heard the shower running before leaving the room, making sure to lock the door behind him.
"You're a mess," Bucky huffed. "Go shower. You smell. I'm gonna go see if anyone else wants to go drinking with us."
"Right after this I'm taking you to get your drivers permit," Happy announced.
Tony slowly closed the fridge and turned to face Clint. He expected to see a look of hatred. Betrayal. Cold eyes that clearly said they were not friends. Strangely enough, he didn't see any of that on the other man's face. In fact, Clint looked fairly relaxed. He was leaning against the island, arms crossed over his chest, a neutral expression on his face. "I'm just getting breakfast, I'll be out of your way soon."
"Stay out of this," Steve shot her a look.
"I found Tony."
"What the actual hell?!" Bucky scrambled back, startling himself when he bumped into the tool cart. "Wait..." he studied Iron Man's face a bit closer. "You're...you're Tony Stark!"
Spider-man darted after him.
"It was hardly a fair fight. You gave yours eight legs!" Tony plucked Peter's robot off of his own and set it to the side.
"You look like you could use a hug," Steve pressed his forehead against the cold metal of Iron Man's temple.
"We're all going to die," Clint whispered.
Peter let out a strangled scream and clawed at his chest. Tony tried to stop Peter from hurting himself, but he was no match for his super strength.
Peter rolled his eyes. "Jeez, what for? You guys gonna ground me?"
"So, like, this dog was huge. I mean HUGE," Spider-man rambled into his phone as he lounged on a fire escape, waving his hands for emphasis even though the person on the other end of the line couldn't see it. "And like, it came out of nowhere and just stole my entire hot dog!"
"Let's have it then!" Obadiah called off his bots, wanting to fight Tony one on one.
"Steve?"
"I don't...I can't believe this, that he would..." Clint hadn't moved from his chair.
"TONY?!" The comms came back online the moment Tony left the building, and Spider-man's panicked call was the first thing he heard.
Steve turned to face him, rubbing the top of his head. The robot stood on the other side of the kitchen island, his head bowed in shame. "How did water get inside your helmet?"
"Can you not threaten my friends? Jesus! And you wonder why I never invite people over," Peter had confronted Tony in the common area right before dinner.
"SPIDEY!!" Sam screamed, he had reached the pair first thanks to his flight suit and dived down to catch the wall crawler.
"Where's Tony?" Glass cracked under War Machine's feet as he made his way back inside.
"M-me?" Spidey stammered.
"Not something I'm particularly interested in, but thanks for asking."
Steve was exhausted. Night had fallen by the time the mess in Chicago had been taken care of. He could really do with a cold shower and a good night's rest. Maybe some food. A warm meal would be nice. But he couldn't bring himself to do any of that right now. He went straight to Iron Man's workshop. There was a small bit of hope in the back of his mind that Tony had completed his mission and that he would find the Cyborg hard at work. Or napping on the couch, still clad in his armor.
Harry kept talking, "a lot of people think they were kicked off the team because they were emotionally unstable. My dad thinks that the Avengers are at fault and that they should have tried harder to help their teammates."
"Do you really mean that?" Tony's eyes were wide.
"Boss, I'm picking up a human heat signature from the building across the street. As well as an unusually high level of gamma radiation," FRIDAY reported.
Peter was gone in the morning. Tony was panicking, having already searched the hotel and surrounding area.
"We're running out of time. This is the best plan we got," Steve said. "Alright, Iron Man, where do we start?"
The creature was the size of a grown man, but with the body of a lizard. It held its large leathery wings half unfurled, a warning not to get close to it. It's long neck snaked around its body, moving its head to face the Avengers. Its eyes glowed red, a stark contrast to the emerald green scales that covered the rest of its body. A snake like tongue slid out of its mouth, tasting the air.
"Stop. The Avengers are looking for you."
"Bastards," Robert took a long sip of his coffee. "I saw the whole thing go down on the news. The arrests and the press conferences. It was all a big mess. Everyone thought the Avengers was done for. Then you straight up disappeared for a few months. We all knew you were the one who got...hurt. By them. But no one wanted to admit it. No one wanted to admit that two of the Avengers had abused a kid."
"MJ, it's okay. They can come in," Peter whispered. "This...thing isn't talking anymore. I got it to shut up." Michelle didn't budge. "What I said before was Venom talking. Not me. The Avengers aren't at fault here." Michelle hesitated before lowering the scissors. Peter gently took the weapon from her hands and set it aside.
"'Fun dad'? Where the hell did you come up with that?"
"All systems normal, boss. But I can't detect any human heat signatures."
"Thank you," Steve laid back down. He didn't think he would be able to get to sleep after that. But Iron Man's presence turned out to be exactly what he needed. The soft blue glow from the robot's eyes and chest lulled him into a peaceful sleep. The soldier settled in close to Iron Man's thigh, one arm draped over the robot's knee.
"Doctor..." Clint said, trying to get in between the two without further angering Bruce. The scientist's eyes had been green ever since Tony revealed himself. But it wasn't until they were safely back at the compound that shit hit the fan.
A few minutes later Tony found himself diving behind a pile of snow. Steve was already there, hunched over and making snowballs as fast as he could. "There are too many!" Tony yelled.
"Oh my god. We don't have time for this. FRIDAY, is Peter still asleep?" Natasha asked.
"Obediah?"
"That's kinda the idea," Wanda said. "We need to draw them out."
Lightning struck again, this time knocking out the power.
"Doctor Banner needs to change your bandages," FRIDAY reminded him.
"CAP!" Clint screamed when the floor gave out under the super soldier.
"Hey, honey bear!" Iron Man chirped, waving at the other bot. "Haven't seen you in awhile! How ya been?"
"DAD!" Peter cut him off.
"Fury's putting us on lockdown at the compound until he knows we can all be trusted. The SHIELD agents there have orders to shoot anyone who tries to leave," Tony informed them. Thankfully, their living quarters were in a separate building from the training hall and thus spared from the fire. Tony shifted around nervously, hoping the questioning wouldn't take too long.
The photo was taken by Pepper a few months after they had all moved into the tower. They had just gotten back from a mission. The team, the original six at the time, had collapsed onto the couch, all of them in various states of exhaustion. Thor was in the middle of the dog pile, doing his best to wrap his arms around his male teammates. Clint and Bruce were to his left, with Iron Man and Steve to his right. Natasha was laying across the back of the couch, shoving Iron Man's face into Steve's. Clint was reaching across Thor's lap to tug on Steve's sleeve. Despite being exhausted, everyone's faces were lit up with laughter.
"Then ask Peter. Surely his word would be trusted above all others." Tony held his head in his hands.
"Gee, thanks." Tony chuckled. The rest of the team was quickly gathering around Thor, everyone offering cheerful greetings and hugs.
"Sir-" Jarvis started.
"I came here to get coffee, not discuss my feelings with a bird," Tony snapped.
"We all were," Sam pointed out. "You've been off the radar for two months, kid. It's a little concerning that you would go MIA right when someone got their hands on a fancy new weapon."
"Don't talk like that!" Bucky came out of nowhere and smacked Steve upside the head. "It's Christmas! Be happy, damnit! I'm going to make breakfast. What do you guys want? You know what? Fuck it. I'm making french toast. Deal with it."
"I have to start somewhere. You guys go on ahead, I'm going to look for Spidey-"
Bucky also had a prosthetic arm.
Spider-man jumped onto his back, sticking his feet in place and clawing at the chest piece. "Almost got it!" He smashed the protective glass and had his fingers inches away from the reactor itself. The armor blast backward, slamming Spider-man into a tree. The bark splintered under the weight, still, Spider-man held on tight. Iron Man rocketed up the side of the mountain, smashing Spider-man through rocks and trees.
The vision was about to follow however Bruce called his name. "I need to talk to you." Then adding in a whisper, "in private."
"I don't approve of this," Tony said over the phone. Steve could hear him pacing on the other end. Fury had told the Avengers to stay put and await their next orders. It had only been two weeks since they got Peter back, and tensions were still high. Tony had been making everyone participate in daily training, wanting them to be more than ready for their next meeting with their former teammates. Other than the snowball fight last week, Peter had been confined to the training hall. Rarely leaving unless he had to eat or sleep. Or if Tony needed him to test out the many upgrades he had been doing to Spider-man's suit.
Three months.
"Probably not. But it will look suspicious if you don't show up," Tony shrugged.
Steve and his small pro-Tony Stark team never stopped searching. Unfortunately, other Avengers-related business had gotten in the way of them conducting a full on search and rescue mission. Their most recent trip to South America hadn't helped either. Pepper was getting increasingly upset with the team, especially those who chose not to partake in the search. Bruce claimed that Iron Man was just fine, and was probably hiding out in a small town somewhere, leading an all new life. Other members of the team shared similar thoughts. There was no proof that Tony was in danger. He was just...gone. Steve knew something was wrong, though. He had a feeling in his gut that something terrible, something truly awful had happened to Tony. And that he needed their help. They
"How the
"That's not what you said earlier," Clint snorted. "You have his number on your phone, dude."
"I can keep teaching him history," Steve offered. They had decided Peter should be home schooled for the remainder of the year. He had already missed an entire month of school and would probably miss even more if they didn't pull him out now.
Peter nodded. "I am. I am so incredibly happy."
"Wait, wait, wait." Steve held up a hand, "you killed someone?"
"No!" Steve threw his fists wildly. One of them collided with something very solid. The pain that flared up in his knuckles forced him to fully wake up. "Ow...Iron Man?" He rubbed the sleep out of his eyes and blinked a few times.
"Okay, fine. The old man wants to talk to you, kid." The speaker was muffled as the phone was passed to Tony.
"BARNES!" Repulsors shot out from the bottom of Tony's feet and he blasted across the room like a rocket. His flight was a bit clumsy without the use of his hands, but he still managed to block the exit from Bucky. Bucky skidded to a halt, fumbling a bit before running back in the direction he had come.
"You...what?!" Peter looked down at his heavily bandaged forearms.
"I...I don't understand." Bucky stammered, unable to take his eyes off Iron Man's face. His
"I've done fine so far," Tony snapped.
Tony guided his son away from the crowd. Peter sat on the front steps of the building, wrapping his arms around himself. Tony took off his jacket and draped it around Peter's shoulders. Peter pulled the fabric tighter around his thin frame.
Peter nodded slowly
"You're...you're Tony Stark..." Steve breathed out when he got a good look at the shorter man's face. Or what was left of it, anyway.
"Parker's still a bit disoriented. I suggest you wait on that," Bruce spoke up.
"I'm unsure. I only know that they printed a copy and deleted the file."
"I can't just sit here and do nothing! God knows what they could be doing to my son!" Tony waved his hands wildly in the air.
"Hold him down!" Tony snarled, his hands firmly plastered over Peter's mouth, trying to silence his screams. Tears flooded down Peter's cheeks.
"Water will help your neck," Bucky unwound the bandages from his throat. He gently turned Tony's head in his hands, inspecting the burns. Not much had changed in twenty-four hours. Tony swatted his hands away, not liking being poked at. "Go," Bucky shoved him towards the bathroom. Tony gave him puppy dog eyes. "Fine," Bucky groaned. "You can sleep. But shower first."
Metal clanged against metal. Bucky grunted and jumped back.
"Kill me," Bruce begged, his broken voice barely more than a gurgling noise.
"Good plan," Obadiah corrected him. "Stark just revealed himself to the Avengers. That was the plan all along. I could've done it in Malibu. But he had to be the one to do it." He tapped the screen that showed the Quinjet taking off.
Bucky glared at Tony until the other man was forced to meet his gaze. He put his hands on either side of his head and made an upwards motion, silently telling Iron Man to take off the helmet. Tony shook his head. Bucky sighed.
"Spider-man said he had it under control," Tony pried Steve's hand off, "I have more important things to worry about."
"I ruined another pair of shoes."
"Yes, dear?" Tony forced a cheerful smile. "And you can just call me Tony."
Tony ripped the keys out of the ignition and grabbed his suit out of the back seat, which was currently folded up in the shape of a briefcase. There was no way he would be able to follow the bikes through this traffic.
Bucky and Rhodes exchanged glances. Lockdown could mean one of two things, either there was a serious problem in the workshop, or Tony was out of his suit and didn't want anyone barging in.
"Oh. So you have no idea where he is?" Steve leaned against the doorframe, the exhaustion taking its toll.
"You need to eat something, Tony." Steve handed him a take out box.
"I can't help it. He has a lot of anger pint up in that little body."
"I'm well aware."
"Should've left me in the snow," Tony grumbled.
At least, that's what Steve told him. Tony was still keeping his distance from the team. He didn't want to deal with their looks of pity. Or their bullshit "we're sorry, we forgive you" speeches. He simply wasn't emotionally stable enough to listen. Part of him knew that they were being honest with him and that they wanted to repair their relationships just as much as Tony did. Meanwhile, the other half of him was still convinced that they all hated him and that their sudden acceptance was just another way to get back at him. Or maybe Bucky was making them be nice. That sounded like something Bucky would do. Maybe Steve was forcing them to do it for the sake of the team? Was Iron Man even still on the team? God, thinking about it made his head hurt. Too many conflicting emotions. Not enough sleep.
"Wait! The interrogation room is that way!" Tony halted at a fork in the hallway. "Peter-"
"Toomes and Octavius. Who else?" The man spat.
"C'mon man, listen to Cap. Power down," Clint pleaded. "Iron Man. You have to power down. That's the only way to make the pain stop."
"They said they were going to level Queens," Peter whispered. "They told me. Right before Wanda wiped my memories. They didn't say when. Just that they were going to make it look like the Avengers did it. Like what they did in Chicago. But on a bigger scale."
Steve frowned, not quite understanding what he meant by that. "Is there anything I can do for you?"
"Stark. Where is Peter?"
"He's awfully high up..." Bucky laid back on one elbow.
"I'm aware. There's kinda a lot going on right now." Peter looked at the two winged men still battling overhead.
"So. Where's he hiding?" Tony crossed his arms. The snowman just smiled its big charcoal smile.
"Seriously, are you okay?"
"Peter could be in even more danger than he already is. I know. Natasha deleted the file from Tony's archives. No one will ever know about this." Steve assured him.
"You little shit," Happy punched his shoulder playfully. "Seriously, though. I know it's not my job to keep tabs on you anymore, but you can still call me. If you want to just chat. That's fine. I'll listen."
Bruce pushed himself to his feet, putting everyone even more on edge than they already were. "It'd be wise to step aside and let me walk away. Big green doesn't need to rest for very long," he reminded them, keeping his hands at his side.
"Maybe not. But it was my life's work. And you ran it into the ground. Ruined my life. Blasted me into another dimension."
"You think I'd kill my friends, for
"The Avengers aren't the enemy. You are!" Spider-man lunged at her. "Stop the fire, Wanda!!!"
"Nothings changed. I still want those tests done."
"I don't need you following my every move, Tony." Peter snapped at his adopted father.
"Why didn't you tell anyone? If we had known then we could have helped you. I'm sure there were tools back at the Quinjet that-"
"Cap?" Natasha put a hand on his bicep. "We'll find him." Steve nodded slowly. "We will." Natasha squeezed his arm before heading back the way they had come.
"I don't drink," Sam frowned. "I swear I saw him following you..."
"Are you going to be okay, little spider?" Natasha spoke softly. Peter shrugged. "Do you want to talk about it?"
"Already called him. Besides, we still got Widow on our tail. And I don't know where the other Avengers are!" Wanda called over the roar of their engines.
"That's not something I want to hear. Last thing this world needs is another screw up like me," Tony stabbed his rice with a plastic fork.
"And you're being difficult."
"Can't you just fix up the suit I already have?"
I saw Homecoming last night and just had to write a fic for it. Spider-man homecoming is officially my favorite Marvel movie and I love everything about it. I'm taking my brother to see it tomorrow and I can't wait. Have you guys seen it?
"Of course," Peter said before taking a large bite.
"Tony?"
"So first, I'm going to launch myself into orbit, hang out with some hot aliens for a few months, then-"
This chapter was a bit more serious than the others. I'm trying to keep this light-hearted, but sometimes the plot calls for angst.
"Um...a party?" Tony glanced around.
"I'd rather not be in a relationship with anyone right now," Steve admitted. "I'm still...look, I'm still getting my barrings on this new century, and I'd rather just focus on rebuilding my life. And on the team." Next week would mark Steve's second year living in the twenty-first century. A fact that Steve had mixed feelings about.
"Absolutely not." Tony crossed his arms over his chest. Peter stood before him, the Iron Spider suit and his regular costume folded neatly in his arms. "Those are yours. Keep them."
"Neither of us can get drunk," Steve reminded him.
"My name is Iron Man," the cyborg hissed. "Tony Stark died in that AIM facility. And nothing you could say or do will ever bring him back." Iron Man turned on heel and left the room.
The Avengers were wandering around the small building, snooping around the various cabinets. Natasha had found a first aid kit and was now properly tending to Clint's broken ankle.
"You seriously think I'm the one who hurt your son? That's a pretty serious accusation to make, Stark." Banned slowly got to his feet, using the table to support himself. Blood dripped from his now broken nose.
I hope you enjoyed and will continue to read my story!
Bucky shrugged again, "an old science buddy approached him about a new project. Something called...what was it...extemey? Extreemus? Extremis. That's it." The soldier strode over the kitchen. He made sure to raise his voice so his friends could hear him, "Bruce said it was too dangerous a project. But the guy has already been working on it for a few months and even started testing it on a human subject. Bruce said that it didn't sound like this person was consenting to be a lab rat."
"Who did this to you, my little spider?" Natasha whispered. She untied Peter and helped him sit up.
"Something came loose and it kept shocking me!" Tony said. "Do you know how weird it is to have something constantly zapping your armpit? It's very weird! So I'm fixing the problem." He used a pair of pliers to fiddle with a wire. Sparks shot out of said wire and bit at Tony's hand. He frowned but otherwise didn't react.
"what are you two doing in here?"
"There weren't. Everything I needed to fix this was in my bag. Which got lost when the jet fell apart. There's nothing any of you can do. Not right now." Tony looked away.
