Steve hesitated before shakily taking in a long breath. He stood suddenly with Clint still kneeling down. “Are you ok to walk-“ Clint was cut short by the huge tent that was just inches from his face. Clint fell back on his ass before scrabbling up to face Steve who was blushing beat red.
"H-hey!" Steve whirled around and tried to give a smile. He leaned forward, trying to conceal his half hard dick. "What are you doing?" Tony took a step closer, leaning to see what was in his friend's hands.
Bruce cupped Steve’s big, beautiful, cum covered tits and brought them together, giving the soldier breathtaking cleavage. The jizz dripped down into the cleavage and pooled there. What a perfect sight.
Steve stood there for a few seconds eyeing the two men. Tony broke the silence with a clap of his hands. “I’m gonna go take a leak. You two can uhhhh… Get started.” He strode past Steve and closed the bathroom door.
Tony looked back at Clint with a frown. “Haven’t you learned how Steve’s body works yet? I would have assumed having your cock deep throated by absolute perfection a few nights ago would have made things clear…” Tony tugged Steve’s shorts down revealing his ass to Clint.
Tony strode over to where the older man sat and took a seat next to him. “Recently I’ve seen the effects of what a certain super soldier can do and I would love to show you.”
“Yes…” Steve tilted his head back down so his lips rested against the tip of Clint’s dick. He parted his lips and slowly sunk down, happy to take every inch back into his mouth.
Steve’s cheeks went bright red as the dildo inside him was shown off. Despite his embarrassment, his cock began to leak precum, dampening the front of his shorts. “T- Tony…” Steve all but whined when he felt the billionaire’s hand wrap around the dildo’s base. Tony thrust it in and out a few times, relishing the slick sounds Steve’s gaping, slack hole made and the moans that Steve desperately tried to hold in.
Suddenly Steve could feel warm hands against his sweaty cheek and he slowly came around, his body still in overdrive. It was Tony’s hand against his cheek as Steve willed himself to look at the man.
“Fuck-“ Bruce whispered breathless. He lost his precise rhythm and began to wildly buck his hips as his orgasm began to take hold. The vibrations from Steve’s moans of ecstasy became too much for Tony. “Swallow it all, slut.” And with a final hard thrust he rammed his cock down Steve’s throat as far as it could go and he came.
After a few seconds Steve’s orgasm subsided and finally pulled his fingers out of his ass. The soldier relaxed, his breathing only slightly above normal. He looked up at Tony with his blue eyes and licked his lips. “Did you enjoy that?” Tony looked down, a little disappointed. “Yes, you were amazing... but you came and I didn’t. Now we have to wait a few minutes for you to get hard again.” The soldier smiled, moving his top half out of Tony’s line of vision. There was the solid proof that Steve was still very turned on and very hard.
Steve gripped the mouse so hard that it shattered. "Oh no! No no no no!" The soldier cried, pathetically trying to piece the mouse back together.
“I’m cumming! I’m cumming! I’m cummingggg!!!” Steve cried. Tony was sent over the edge, climaxing hard. He stroked himself through it and kept fucking Steve through his orgasm. Tony’s few cumshots were mere drops compared to Steve’s. The soldier’s hot cum spilled onto the bed once more, his giant cock pulsing with each new wave of jizz. In the state of afterglow, Tony craned his neck to look at Steve’s sexy orgasm face. The smile, the drool, the glazed over eyes… He’s so gone, so wrecked. “Fuck, Steve.” Tony gasped. God he wished he could have seen that face when he came.
Once Bruce finally had his dick out of his pants it was already rock hard. He must have some self control to not show any signs of discomfort. “Damn.” Tony remarked. Steve’s mouth watered from the sight of the scientist’s length. It was an impressive size and girth, nowhere near Steve’s size but bigger than Tony, who wasn’t small either. How lucky Steve was to be graced with such big cocks to satisfy him. Steve eagerly lifted his ass higher, showing off his twitching hole. “Come on-“ Steve’s voice was shaking, impatient. “Wanna be filled- please!”
Steve has seen people admire him. He admitted, it felt great to be loved by the people that he fought so hard to protect. He also had to admit that he took a little pride in that as well and he felt awful for doing so.
Bruce stood and looked at Tony with an apologetic look. “It looks like Steve is out for the night. I’m sorry Tony, I didn’t mean to make him cum so much so fast.”
This is what Tony loved about Steve everything is so desperate, so raw. Tony’s cock was fully erect, both cocks rubbing against the other through their pants. Both straining and leaking, so slippery from the cum. It was all teeth and tongues and hard cocks grinding against the other.
Steve breathed a sigh of relief as he finally closed the door to his bedroom. He ran his hands through his hair as he slowly walked to his bed and sat down heavily. Finally he was home after being on a mission for three days. Finally he was alone.
Two more fingers pressed in deep giving Steve a good stretch as he imagined Tony fucking him like that. “Please just let me be your sex toy. Ahh ahhh ahhh!” A fourth finger joined the others and Steve pushed his hand in so deep that some of his palm slid inside. “Just- uhhh… use my body. Bend me over whenever you want- fuck me like a good whore." Steve came hard, coating Tony’s chest and stomach with white. He kept fucking himself through it, enjoying how his ass clenched around his fingers from the climax. Small moans of ecstasy escaped Steve’s body each time he breathed. “I mean it Tony.” Steve leaned in and gave the other man a hungry sloppy kiss, still slowly fingering his ass. He moaned as their lips slipped apart. “I’m yours.”
They washed each other off in a flash and were back in the bedroom where Bruce was waiting patiently. “Sorry that took us longer than I thought.” Tony apologized. “Steve fingered himself till he came on me and I had to wash off too.” “I see…” Bruce’s gaze landed on Steve who was sitting on the end of the bed, his eyes full of lust as he gazed at the two men before him.
The soldier laid there, still trying to catch his breath, when the door opened and Tony stepped inside, a wide grin on his face. He gazed down at the sloppy mess at his feet. “Did you enjoy yourself?” Tony asked. Steve groaned and slowly nodded. “You were a good boy, you could have taken it out, but you kept it in. You’re so good at following orders.” Tony praised and walked over to the bed and placed another dildo onto it. “After you clean yourself up, stuff that one inside.” He turned and walked out, back to work.
“So can you look this over an see if everything is correct?” Bruce glanced up again and finally did a double take. He stared at the other man for a second. “Why are you smiling so much?” He asked tilting his head slightly.
Finally the feeling of Hulk’s hips bumping into the meat of his ass and Tony’s voice rang out in lust-filled awe told him what his body finally achieved. “It’s in. Holy
Steve heavily slumped over onto the bed and sighed at the feeling of the silk against his skin. Tony hurriedly threw a heavy blanket over the drying cum stained sheets from before. They were so close to the end, no way was he changing the sheets again.
Bruce was a little more than halfway and stopped. He gazed down at Steve and he smiled sweetly. “You feel so good, Steve.” He slowly drew out and back in faster making Steve give a small yelp. “I was going to make you beg more, but dammit you’re so beautiful.” Bruce began to shallowly thrust into Steve, with each thrust he buried his cock deeper and deeper inside. “So good. So open-” Bruce’s voice was low and breathy.
Steve nuzzled Tony’s growing clothed erection almost affectionately, before he captured the zipper in his teeth and pulled it down. Tony made a move to take off his pants, but Steve stopped him with a wave of his hand. He wanted Tony to wear his pants for this; it reminded him of the quickies he used to give in the army.
There was a short silence before Tony spoke again.  "I have to do some things right now, but in three hours I'll be in my bedroom. Drop by if you're interested," he turned to walk away, paused, turned back around and sighed. "Don't look so damn dumbstruck, Rogers. This is an offer. If you don't want to, no hard feelings." Steve swallowed the lump in his throat. He nodded and rushed out of the room before Tony could say anything else.
“Listen to yourself.” Tony plunged the forgotten dildo that was in Steve’s ass from before further inside. Steve’s eyes blew wide and he threw his head back onto the pillow, making a truly obscene "Uhhhhhh..." “Good whore,” Tony rode Steve harder, drawing out more sinful moans from the soldier.
Bruce stood silent for a moment, letting the images of what he had just witnessed swirl in his mind. Steve was willing, weighing the pros and cons… what was the problem? “As long as I have control. If The Other Guy wants in, I’m leaving. I’m not ready for that."
“Clint, remember what I told you,” Tony raised his eyebrows as he stared right into the phone’s camera to “look directly” at Clint. “He wants to be used and he likes it rough. Just look at how good he’s being for you, holding your cock in his mouth, waiting for instructions like a good whore.”
Steve’s mind was whirling with different scenarios. He wasn’t sure if he wanted to open up to someone about his sexual desires. But on the other hand… maybe Tony is exactly what he needs…
“So is this… normal?” Clint asked. He could see Steve trying his best to hide it, but the soldier was making tiny slow movements of his hips. Steve was getting off on this.
They sat there in silence for a moment, both not saying a word, and Steve understood why. “You know…” Steve said after another sip of his coffee, breaking the silence. “I can tell Tony you’re uncomfortable with us being so open around you. I understand how… jarring it can be.”
Clint got up, sat on the edge of the bed and leaned over, planting an open mouthed kiss on Steve’s glistening lips. The archer dipped his tongue inside Steve’s sopping wet maw and the two made out like damn whores. Tony, Bruce and Clint were on top and inside the writhing, moaning soldier, penetrating him, sucking him, touching him, owning him. Oh god the stimulation- the
Finally Tony came up from behind the two and ruffled their hair. “Come on you two, enough with the mushy stuff,” he said with a sly grin.
He rolled his hips, letting his cock slide up and down in his  hand. With each upward thrust Steve breathed in and out, he soon began breathing in tandem with the slow roll of his hips. Precum beaded at the tip and drooled down the length of his cock, spilling onto his knuckles.
Steve drew off Clint, trailing the tip of his tongue underneath the archer’s erection. He licked his lips and smiled. “It’s sweet of you to ask, but there’s no need. My mouth is yours, Clint.”
He stopped in his tracks when he saw Steve waiting in front of his bedroom door. The soldier looked out of it. He was slumped against the wall, breathing heavily, his eyes half lidded. "Steve! Are you ok?" Tony rushed to his friend's side. The blonde took hold of Tony's wrist, gripping hard enough to bruise him. "Ow! Steve what the--"
Tony hastily stood like he had been struck with a lightning bolt. “What am I doing laying on the floor when I have places to be? Gonna go change, shower and meet Bruce in the lab to talk. Love you bye!” he left the room at sonic speed, careful not to run into any fellow Avengers on the way back to his room.
Thanks so much for your patience! It obviously took my forever to write this! It never quite satisfied me but now I finally think it's pretty good. (and honestly I need to move on with the next chapter) Once again thanks everyone! I hope you all liked it! :>
Steve stood from the chair and circled the table to Clint. “Thank you, it means a lot that you want to make sure I’m comfortable…” the soldier leaned down and placed a kiss on Clint’s lips. “But I’m fine with anything,” he breathed as he slowly drew away before walking over to fill his coffee cup.
Steve couldn't help himself; his curiosity outweighed the logical part of his brain. He had to see what these fanfictions were. He logged on to a fanfiction site, after a few minutes of searching he found the "Avengers" tag. He bit his lip as he clicked the link. In a flash all the fanfiction popped up. Steve's eyes widened when he saw HOW MANY fanfictions there were of himself and Tony. He expected one hundred or so, there were thousands. "Holy cow..."
“I know you could keep going if you wanted, but you look like you're in pain, and not in the good way." Tony grinned, peering down at the soldier.
“Touch him,” Tony suggested, nudging Bruce on the shoulder. “Wouldn’t he be sensitive?” the scientist asked, looking up and Tony in question. “Just do it. Look at how he responds. Experiment! He can take it.” Tony reassured Bruce and nudged his shoulder again. “Look at how much he’s cumming just from you commanding him to.”
Steve gasped at those words and he came, his load spattering onto his stomach and dripping into his pants. The blonde didn’t slow his grinding hips for a moment, he raised his head and gave Tony a needy open mouthed kiss.
Steve licked his lips and without question eagerly dropped to his knees. “I was made for this,” he whispered breathily before swallowing Clint’s cock down his throat. He moaned as another orgasm took hold, the feeling and taste of cock too powerful for him to hold back. He drew back and downed the whole length again, working his throat around it. The sensual moans coming from deep in his chest vibrated through his body and up his throat, making Clint gasp in pleasure.
Thankfully, JARVIS opened the door for Steve as the soldier approached. Once Steve was inside he collapsed on the floor, moaning and gasping so loud there was no way the entire city block didn’t hear him. Steve ripped his shorts off his body as he continued to orgasm, writhing on the floor, smearing cum all over it. The vibrations grew even stronger still, and Steve’s eyes shut tight, his fist clenched so hard that his knuckles turned white. “Fuck fuck FUUUUCK!” Steve cried as he rolled onto his back as his entire body tensed. He arched up and came and came, cum gushing out so hard it landed on his face and in his hair.
“You did!?” Tony gaped. “Well it looks like you don’t need me to get off…” He stood to leave and Steve lunged for him. Steve pressed his crotch against Tony’s and groaned from the much needed contact.
Today the Avengers had a meeting, they all sat around a big table listening to Fury... and Steve could barely keep it together. His throbbing cock strained in the waistband of his pants. Tony gave Steve knowing glances. The fact that only he knew what a sex starved beast the great Captain America was, was thrilling.
Finally after about a minute Steve’s orgasm began to subside. “My god… Steve… that was… incredible!” Though Tony knew words couldn’t begin to describe what he had just witnessed. “T-thanks-“ Steve’s voice was ragged and raw. He didn’t move from his position. Tony was sure Steve would have to wait a few minutes after something like that! He looked between the soldier’s legs and… Nope. Steve’s dick is still hard. Tony was beginning to get jealous.
Tony was so hard and so ready to fuck that enticingly open hole. He was about to comply when he stopped. It was rare to have Captain America at his mercy; maybe he should toy with him a little longer. “Beg me.”
For further reassurance. Steve moved a shaking hand to Bruce’s, which held the blonde by the hips in a tight grip. “I- c- can take it-“ Steve said trying to steady his voice through his heavy gasps. Bruce stilled his thrusts, his cock halfway inside and looked down at the soldier, who begged once more. “Please, Bruce…
Steve panted and shakily took a sip of his coffee before turning and gazing at Clint, who sat there, slack jawed. Steve gave a sheepish smile as he sat down across from Clint. “Mmm-“ he groaned softly and his body seized up, the dildo sinking all the way inside to the base.
The billionaire leaned down, his elbows on either side of Steve’s face, their mouths inches apart. “Ah ahhh… Tony-“ Steve choked. His bright blue eyes stared into Tony’s and he smiled, licking his lips. He raised his head off the pillow and finally kissed the other man. The almost tender moment turned into a filthy sloppy kiss in seconds. Steve moaned into Tony’s mouth, their tongues sliding against each other, teeth nipping at the other’s lips. Steve’s dick was sandwiched between their bodies and the constant friction caused a constant wave of jizz. Every time Tony hit the sweet spot deep inside Steve’s length throbbed, releasing another shot of thick liquid.
“Going right for one of his most sensitive places I see.” Tony remarked with a smile. “I guessed he might have been hyper sensitive here,” Bruce pinched harder and pulled upward. “Ahhhhhh!" Steve’s eyes rolled back into his head and his cock pulsed, cum erupting with more force than before.
“Ahhh ahh-“ Steve moaned as he came down from his orgasm. “S- see.” he said shakily. “Not pure at all.”
Just as Steve began to hump Tony's hand, Jarvis interjected. "Mr. Stark, Captain Rogers, unless you wish for this to become public knowledge, Agent Romanov is headed in your direction."
“Steve, I’m gonna cum,” Tony was breathless. “God, you’re such a filthy whore.” He gasped, his eyes shut tight. “Fuck, Steeeeve!” Tony gave one final thrust, releasing inside the soldier. The feeling of the hot cum shooting in his ass made Steve’s brain short circuit. He grasped Tony hard, enough for his fingers to mark the other man’s skin. Steve screamed, cum erupting from his cock. The cum flooded in-between their bodies and pooled between Steve’s cleavage. His grasp went lax for a moment and gave Tony just enough time to pull away before the super soldier’s body seized up again, resulting in another explosion of cum. Steve’s eyes rolled back into his head, a completely satisfied smile spread across his face. “Cum- in m-my ass-“ Steve could barely speak. “So hot- s-so good-“ More jizz spilled onto Steve’s body. He was almost completely covered in his own spunk.
“I’m cummiiiing!” Steve’s body went completely rigid and cum splattered all over his chest and stomach, his ass clenched tight around the three dildos penetrating his slick hole. “Good boy,” Tony cooed and shoved one of the dildos in farther. The soldier was still mid-orgasm and the sudden pressure made him moan from the pain of overstimulation, his head thrashing, body tense, fists clenched tight.
Steve humped Tony’s thigh faster, so desperate for more, making each wave of cum more intense. Wracking his body, losing himself in pleasure, losing his mind. Steve was going wild, his body consumed in the throws of orgasm. His pants as well as Tony’s were soaked through. Cum dripped down Steve’s legs and pooled at their feet.
Steve suddenly felt self-conscious. It was one thing when he was being fucked by Tony, or talking about his past while touching himself, but it was another thing to masterbate to his own reflection. He bit his bottom lip while a pink shade of embarrassment spread across his face. He drew himself close to the mirror, his heart rate accelerating. He turned his head and rested his cheek against the glass. He drew his hands up to his chest and began to play with his nipples. He dragged his nails over them, drawing low groans out of himself. Without thinking, his tongue darted from between his lips and lapped against his reflection.
Tony popped his cock out of Steve’s mouth as the soldier’s orgasm began to slowly ebb. With a fucked out groan Steve managed to say the only word that came to his mind. “More-“
“Then meeting adjourned,” Fury said and everyone but Steve and Tony rose to their feet. They all left the room in a hurry, eager to get back to work. Bruce hung back and looked at the two men, placing his hand on the doorframe. “Tony, you coming to the lab?” he asked.
Steve’s sanity quickly fell away and he became a writhing mess a the mercy of his hard cock’s need to cum. All he wanted to do was fuck the geniuses’ mouth and make him choke on his immense dick. Having Tony completely at his mercy made his hard length pulse. One mere shot of cum flooded Tony’s mouth. He cried out around Steve’s cock and tried to pull off, but the soldier held his head there. Steve looked down at him, his eyes glazed over in pure lust. “Look at you, your cheeks are so inflated, your mouth is so full with my cum.” Tony tried to pull away again but Steve held his hair tighter. “Swallow it.” Steve commanded. Tony’s eyes began to tear as Steve brought him further down on his cock, leaving less room for the cum to go anywhere but down the billionaire’s throat.
The soldier scrolled through the fics. After a few minutes of reading titles and summaries one caught his eye. "Steve Rogers's body and cock are so huge and sensitive and he loves it. Of coarse a beautiful specimen like Steve needs a helping hand, right Tony?"
Steve was breathing rapidly, his eyes wide. “I’ve never... Ahh!” the soldier cried out with pleasure. “Ohh so you’ve never been inside someone before?” Tony ground down taking the soldier deeper. “If you were made to do nothing but be fucked, why give you such a big fat cock?" Steve’s back arched upward, his eyes still wide, unable to process what was happening.
“I feel so naughty… so dirty- Uhhhhh Tonyyyy…” Steve moaned. He finally let go of the other man’s head and adjusted himself so all his weight was on his shoulders and chest. Tony was finally able to pull away and catch his breath, his jaw aching slightly. Steve reached both arms around to his ass and pulled his cheeks apart, then hooked 2 fingers from each hand inside his hole, stretching himself further, allowing Tony better access.
Steve swung his legs around the edge of the bed and stood, stripping out of his cum soaked pants and boxers.
Tony slowly pulled the dildos out and shoved them back in, repeating it faster and faster each time. Steve continued cumming, his cries becoming higher and louder with each thrust.
Tony looked down at the other man. “Steve, I know you were fingering yourself, but you came when I called you a slut.” Steve visibly shivered; his dick twitched and the tip drooled with cum. Steve blushed lightly, a little embarrassed from being so turned on by a word. The billionaire smiled. “So you like the dirty talk?” Steve glanced up, then looked down and nodded. Tony bit his bottom lip, grinning. What other secrets was the great Captain America hiding?
Ever since Steve revealed his true sexual desires to a certain billionaire he became almost shameless when he was off duty. Steve hung around Tony while he worked, rubbing himself through his jeans, enjoying how hard it was for Tony to concentrate. One day when Steve was feeling particularly naughty he rubbed himself against Tony’s thigh when Bruce had his back turned. How he wanted to throw all the gadgets that they were working on off the table and have Bruce see that he wasn’t the only caged animal.
.” Tony whispered, his lips brushing against Steve’s sensitive skin. “After I fuck you, want me to see if I can fit all this into my mouth?” the younger man flicked the tip with his tongue, tasting the warm fluid. “Y –yes-“ was all Steve could choke out. He spread his legs further and lifted his ass off the bed, trying to present his hole.
Steve was just checking in with Bruce and Tony to ask if they wanted food or a cup of coffee. Tony was the one who initiated the whole thing. Like Steve wanted he didn’t ask permission and touched Steve through his jeans. In minutes Steve was bent over a console begging for cock. It became hard sex, with Steve climaxing twice in the last ten minutes (thankfully Tony had the foresight to put a few towels down for easy cleanup) and  was quickly climbing to his third.
“Stop.” Tony ordered. Steve was still in a frenzy but stilled his hips, his entire body seized up as his orgasms continued to rip through him. Tony bit his bottom lip and groaned when he felt it, the powerful pulse of Steve’s cock against his thigh as a new wave of cum gushed out.
Steve left the gym, having just finished his daily workout. Thankfully he was alone and didn’t have to worry about orgasming, which he did, many times. He swung by the lab and asked when Tony wanted to meet. The billionaire barely looked up from what he was working on and said “Later.”
Tony smiled to himself. Still, there was something different about Steve, he seemed almost out of his mind with lust. Could this be another unknown effect the serum has? Out of control sex drive? If Steve had been suppressing it for so long, Tony could only guess what he was in for.
They both couldn't wait, they barely got into the room before Steve backed Tony up into his dresser. Steve gripped the front of Tony’s shirt and drew him close. “T-Tony…” Steve gasped in his ear. “I need this. I need
The wet heat that encased the billionaire’s dick was indescribable. Each thrust of Steve’s fingers into his own ass made him groan and clench then relax his jaw, making Tony see stars. “Fuck Steve…” Tony’s breath hitched when he saw four fingers buried inside the Captain’s ass. “Where did you learn to do this?”
Steve got up, cum dripped off his body and onto the floor. “I’m sorry!” Steve looked at Tony apologetically. “It’s fine, I don’t care. It gives the rug more character.” Tony smiled. “Now let me see your ass take that dildo, then go take a shower.” Steve nodded pushing the tip inside his wet asshole. He took it all, bottoming out in seconds. The super soldier gasped and his length pulsed, firing a few shots of cum into the air.
Tony rolled his eyes, “I can’t believe you’re asking me this now after that incredibly hot moment we just had.” Tony teasingly ran his fingers along the riged outline of Steve’s cock. Steve groaned at the light touch his hips involuntarily bucked towards the man’s hand.
“Why?” the other man asked, twisting around to look at Tony from the corner of his eye. “Well I know you’re into a bit of pain and you’re sure as hell into anal. How about rimming?”
Tony leaned down and pressed his lips against Steve’s hot cheek before going lower to his ear. “You’re going to get what you’ve been
Tony looked at Bruce and he nodded toward Steve. “You’re up,” he said with a smirk. Bruce had an eager look in his eye as he took a few more steps toward the perfect soldier  in front of him.
“I see you two are getting along.” Tony said suddenly. Bruce glanced over at the billionaire, he hadn’t even noticed Tony had re-entered the room.
Clint tilted his head back. “You’re lucky the movie just finished, you know Steve would have wanted to watch the end instead of going to have sex,” he playfully nudged Steve who chuckled. “Yeah, right. Why would I want sex when there’s a movie to watch?” he rolled his eyes and stood.
"Why were you reading this?" asked Tony. "I-" the soldier's words caught in his throat. "I..." He didn't know what to say.
Tony held up his hand and stopped Bruce mid-sentence. “Steve isn’t normal though, a super soldier is the perfect outlet for you! He’s up for sex any time," Tony smirked. "He’s a total slut.” “Tony!” Bruce exclaimed, shocked at the way the billionaire spoke about his friend.
!” Tony and Clint cried in tandem, the realization of what was happening finally hitting them. The safe word had not been uttered much to the men’s surprise. Steve was screaming, his body taught like a bow string as he was filled up, being forced open wider and deeper as the cock quickly gained inch after inch. And The Hulk wasn’t even balls deep inside…
Thank you all so much for being patient with me! I'm sorry you had to wait so long for another chapter. This chapter isn't very long, I promise the next one will be longer. ;)
Tony swirled his fingers on Steve’s chest gathering as much thick cum as he could. “Open wide,” Tony said as he shoved his fingers into Steve’s mouth. Steve lapped at Tony’s fingers, nearly loosing it again from being fed his own cum while being fucked without mercy.
Thank you all for reading and I hope to update soon! (Haha, I know I've said that before, but I really do hope so this time! Wish me luck!!!) I have a lot of ideas for it... One idea I have is Steve sitting in Hulk's lap, facing outward towards Tony and Clint so they can watch Steve really come undone. :>
“Now what kind of teammate would I be if I just left you like this? Seems to me like you need a hand. Besides…” Clint smiled. “I don’t have anything else planned for today.”
Steve panted and moaned into the crook of Tony’s neck, his arms wrapped around Tony’s body, desperately clinging to his shirt. “You’re so hard for me,” Tony thrust his crotch and thigh up and down, giving the soldier more friction. “Mmm such a good slut.”
Tony finally let go once Steve’s body began to relax and turned off the water of the shower. He looked back at Steve, who was still braced against the wall, his entire body wet and glistening from the water.
“Uhhhhh-“ Steve groaned thrusting his hips to feel some friction from Tony’s grip on his dick. “Tony,” Steve’s voice was low, his breathing slightly labored. “I’m your sex toy.” His cock throbbed and his dick drooled out a thick load of cum despite Tony’s tight grip. “I’m yours, whenever and wherever you need a hole. Mmmm… Tony just say the word I’ll do anything you ask.” Another load dripped out and Steve reached a hand around to his own ass and slid a water slick finger inside his needy hole. Steve spoke through high pitched moans. “Ahh ah. Wake me up with your cock deep inside me. Don’t ask permission- just uhhh- fuck me hard and dirty whenever you want.” Steve’s voice shook, he was so close.
“Maybe?” Clint drew away so there was at least three feet between them and eyed Steve up and down. “I think definitely,” He folded his arms across his chest. “Show me what you were doing before I got on that elevator.”
Steve stood up straight and stepped out of the shower. Tony took note of all the cum on the bathroom wall and followed. “Lean back against the wall,” Tony commanded. Steve didn’t argue and did as he was told, wondering what was going to happen next.
Steve’s heart began to pound faster in his chest. There was something so erotic about being watched on video. He wondered for a moment if Clint or Tony were also recording this so they could watch it again… or so he could watch it. Maybe they would show other people so that they could see what a talented mouth he has. How good he is. How much he could take. Those very un-Captain America thoughts made his dick twitch and drip in response.
Tony stopped what he was doing and stared at the super soldier. The words were just spilling out of his mouth; he must be reliving this in his mind right now.
Tony cocked and eyebrow and rolled his eyes before removing his lips from Steve's and shifting down to attack Steve’s nipples with his fingers and mouth, latching onto a nipple, noisily sucking, as if he was expecting to receive milk from those massive tits. Steve arched up into Tony’s touch, his nipples on fire as they were tugged, twisted and bit into with a skilled, sucking mouth, leaving that perky flesh nice and red.
“Get those hips moving and I might,” Tony smiled. Steve nodded and started moving against Tony once again.
The second Steve opened his mouth, cock was stuffed inside and down his throat. “Make sure that jaw of yours stays slack so Clint can use you like a proper hole,” Tony instructed.
Without warning a hand wrapped around Steve’s dick and he let out a choked sob in surprise. “Only half hard I see?” Tony slowly stroked up the shaft. “Even when it’s like this it’s still massive.”
The huge cock was bulging from his belly. Steve's body was so hungry for cock that it adapted to take the biggest one on earth. Fuck… he was made for this.
Steve smiled and chuckled, leaning back in the chair. “I appreciate your concern for me, really.” He gazed at Clint, his smile showing affection. “But I told Tony I wanted him to use me… After I’ve been without sex, holding myself back for so long… I want it. I
"Ahhh- aaaahh ahhhh-" A moan was punched from Steve with each thrust inside his trembling body as The Hulk sped up his relentless pounding. The soldier felt like a rang doll as he was literally used like a cock sleeve , being forced up and down onto cock like his powerfully muscular body weighed nothing at all. He actually felt small and helpless in The Hulk’s grip, completely at the mercy of his cock. The feeling of being taken by someone so much bigger and stronger than him was such a turn on…
Oh my goodness this update has been a LONG time coming!! I can't believe it's been over a year since I updated. A lot of stuff has been going on and I just didn't have time or the drive to sit and write anything. But now I'm back and ready to write more for you all!! I'm just getting back into the groove of writing, so forgive me that this chapter is pretty short. I'm determined to get back into writing semi-regularly again. Thank you so much for reading!!! :>
Once Tony drew his attention away from Steve’s ass for a second he realized he was still painfully hard. He wanted to make Steve cum one more time before he came, he wanted to make this last as long as possible. The genius was curious to see how many times this genetically enhanced specimen could orgasm and how much semen he can produce each time… For science of course!
The brunette’s hand stilled, still wrapped around the hardening dick. “How will we tell them?” Tony asked, his gaze locked with Steve’s. The blonde swallowed “I don’t know… Maybe we can sit down and tell them it’s a side effect of the- Ughhhh!!“ his sentence was cut short when Tony stroked Steve’s dick a few times making him involuntarily moan.
Steve could do nothing as The huge monster of a man fucked him, losing all control of himself. All he could feel was the relentless pleasure that shot through his body with every passing second, The Hulk’s huge hands pulling him up and down as the cock slid in and out of his tense body... The size and weight of the enormous dick, how it throbbed so hard inside, the feeling of it dragging along his tight, slick insides, how it stretched him so damn wide, how it bulged out his belly so beautifully…
Steve’s eyes slowly opened and he gazed at Tony and Bruce, his eyes full of hunger. Bruce looked impressed and confused while Tony grinned with narrowed eyes at the scientist.
Without a word, he turned away from the girl and walked out of the shop, not even thinking about disguising himself. He was pretty sure a few people snapped pictures, but he found that he didn’t particularly care. Let them gossip, after all, they would only have a few hours to do so before all evidence of the photos disappeared off the planet. Being Tony Stark was awesome.
in all of this. He’s not a scientist, he’s not a god. He’s just some guy who can throw a good punch.
Thor is not a subtle man, so Steve wonders how zoned out he must have been for the guy to sneak up on him like that. He’s out on the landing pad watching the sunrise, ignoring the way his head is screaming at him to just
Steve looks around, trying to stay calm enough to analyse the situation. The explosion, whatever it was, didn’t damage anything more than the fight already had. That doesn’t bode well, but Steve doesn’t care. Thor’s off-world, Banner’s at home – it was one guy with a lot of fancy weapons and a power complex, everyone had agreed it wasn’t worth bringing the big guy in. Hawkeye, Widow, the SHIELD agents anxiously guarding the border of the fight, none of them are strong enough to deal with this.
“Nineteen seventy-eight.” He doesn’t need to think about it for even a second. In fact, his brain feels perfectly normal, present circumstances considered.
The others, now apparently deeming the living area safe to enter, come over to sit, Bruce curling up in a deep cushiony armchair, and Tony’s never seen him look so small before. It’s kinda scary.
“Nothing from you, Captain, don’t worry,” Thor says, clapping him on the shoulder. “I’m heading back to Asgard to collect my mother, she’ll be able to reverse whatever this is.”
But Steve was still awake, and try as he might he just couldn’t get to sleep, which is how he ended up in the main living area of the tower, curled up on the sofa in front of the TV.
Natasha had been one of Coulson’s closest friends, but he had never seen her shed even a single tear over him. She was a rock, unmoveable, instead putting all her energy into comforting Clint. Looking at the man, Steve could see why she would do that. The few times he saw him, his eyes were red from crying, even weeks after it had happened. His face was that of a broken man, and he put on a smile, and joked with others, but Steve could tell. He wondered if Barton would ever stop mourning the loss of… whatever it was that Coulson had been to him. He somehow doubted that he would.
Tony doesn’t say anything but he pats the stretch of bed next to him, waiting for Clint to sit down next to him, his movements still seeming so contained, so careful. Like Tony is a scared deer.
It’s simple, too. There’s a super-king sized bed (Steve had said he’d be fine with a double, which made Tony look like he wanted to be sick), with high-count cotton sheets, bedside tables on either side bare except for their lamps, plus books on Steve’s side and Tony’s tablet and reading glasses on the other. Some scarily expensive modern art hangs over the bed, and opposite it is a dresser, the top covered in photo frames. A window takes up one wall, there are doors to the bathroom and their respective closets, and that’s it.
He looks ill, Tony thinks. There are dark circles under his eyes, standing out like bruises on his tanned skin.
“Ten years,” Clint says, with a smile that doesn’t quite hide the caution in his eyes. “It’s 2014, kid. Boys can marry boys, girls can marry girls, aliens can marry – actually, I don’t know.” He looks over at Thor. “Oi, Thor, can you and Jane get married?”
“I’m here, sir,” comes Jarvis’ disembodied voice, and this time Tony jumps, because his brain is still trying to process the fact that this Jarvis isn’t
(Tony says he’ll pay for all of the repairs. Steve starts to respect him even more for this; he hadn’t realised quite how truthful he had been, when he’d said he was a philanthropist.)
Tony doesn’t reply, but he also doesn’t move to leave, and Steve is too preoccupied with his coffee to notice for a few seconds. When he does look over at him to ask about it, his heart drops out of his chest.
Steve is fine. He’s fine. Steve is fine because Tony is fine. Well, he’s eight, but he’s alive. So, Steve is fine.
“I’m not sure how much we should tell him,” Coulson’s voice says over the phone. “I’m sure you understand, Steve, how important…”
“How many people live here?” he comes up with finally, because so far three separate people all claim to live with him, and sure Coulson did
Once the suit had arrived, it only took the pair about fifteen minutes and no property damage (except for a broken table), to sort out the ‘villain’, although you could hardly call him that. The guy was pathetic. Not so pathetic, unfortunately, that he didn’t traumatise all the staff of the restaurant, and so one of the waiters cautiously came up to Steve and Tony to let them know that they would be closing up the restaurant early that night, and that they’re very sorry but they would appreciate it if the two did not dine there again.
“Jarvis is your what, your butler?” Clint asks, and Tony nods even though it’s stupid, even though Clint should know that because he’s
Down in the lab Bruce gives him Indian food, and teaches him yoga, and he’s so calm and quiet that Tony can’t imagine him on a battlefield, fighting as a superhero. When he asks Bruce what his superpower is, though, he just chuckles and says ‘don’t worry about it’, which, if Tony’s learning him correctly, means he’s probably the most powerful one.
Tony bucked into Steve harder and jacked him off with fast strokes as he continued, tearing Steve from his thoughts, his voice low. “Use you even when you passed out from exhaustion, because you’re nothing but a cum dump.”
The Hulk buried his cock all the way inside, his cock further swelling, opening Steve up wider as the monster of a man roared, shaking the whole room and he was cumming- oh FUCK he was cumming HARD.
“Nice cum shot.” Tony commented while Steve hungrily opened his mouth to lick whatever he could reach. The brunette slowed his pace, watching as Steve’s orgasm lessened. Finally he stopped fucking Steve and slid the dildos out of Steve’s gaping hole. The soldier’s cum flow finally began to subside to a steady drip. Even after that intense orgasm, Steve’s dick was still rock hard against his cum soaked abs.
Clint’s breath was hot against his neck. “You sound so good, Steve,” he drew away and sat up. Steve’s eyes snapped open. “Clint…” his brow knit together in a silent plea, his face so beautifully flush. “Man, you are cute.” Clint commented as he ran a finger along Steve’s reddened jawline.
Steve flopped backward, his back hit the mattress with a thud. He swallowed thickly, trying to conjure up something that will make this night go out with a bang. “I-" he raised his head off the mattress peering at Tony for a moment before letting it fall back again. He sighed “I can’t think of anything that would top all that we’ve done… without other things.”
The Captain fished Tony’s half hard length out of his boxers. God it was everything he hoped for. It was a little bigger for a normal sized penis and slightly thicker too. Perfect.
Steve walked into the bathroom, stripped, and then turned on the water. Closing his eyes he let the hot water run down his body. The blonde lathered the soap all over himself. He rubbed the shampoo into his hair and closed his eyes when he submerged his head in the water.
“Mmm yes. It was very unexpected.” Steve mused. “I definitely didn’t expect him to grab me the way he did.”
“Bruce!” Steve sat up quickly, cum spilling down his front and onto his legs. “I had no idea I-“ his voice cracked as he blushed uncontrollably. “Go get cleaned up Steve, don’t take too long,” Tony grinned. Steve nodded as he hastily stood and ran into the bathroom, leaving a trail of cum on the floor.
So so so sorry for the insanely long delay in posting this chapter! Things kept getting in the way and I was basically writing this a line at a time for a while. I hope it was worth the wait! :>
“Gonna cum, Steve,” Clint barely finished the sentence before he shoved his cock as far down as it could go and shot his hot load inside. Steve’s eyes rolled back in ecstasy and came, gurgling and gagging around Clint’s throbbing cock.
“Steve look at you, taking my entire fist,” Tony pulled out so the widest part of his fist stretched the blonde's entrance. Steve cried out and grabbed his own cock. “Mmm you’re so open for me. Have you done this before?” Tony craned his neck to look at the soldier, who nodded. “The army-“ Steve whispered.
“Yup. Remember I said I had to talk to Rogers about something before you left the meeting room?” Bruce nodded, his eyes unblinking. “Yeah well Captain America, the symbol of truth and justice jumped me. He was already hard and rubbed against me and came two times in a row. Three times counting the little spurt he had during the meeting.”
“Mmmm yeah, just like that,” Clint groaned encouragingly while picking up the object he had placed on the dresser moments before.
Bruce had a reluctant, almost worried expression on his face. Steve and Clint both looked at each other, then to Tony, then back to Bruce. “Um, Bruce, you feeling ok, buddy?” the archer asked, taking a step forward.
Tony couldn’t believe his ears. This was Captain America. Captain FUCKING America, the man who he thought was oh so innocent a mere three hours ago.
Clint stayed silent for a moment. “It’s…” he paused, trying to find the right words. “It’s not that I don’t find it enjoyable, Steve. Because- my god, you’re gorgeous.” He motioned up and down with his hand, his eyes following the motion. “And what you did, on your knees for me… needless to say you blew my damn mind.”
When Steve is alone and he’s in the mood, he slowly strips in front of the mirror. He admires every line and curve, every twitch of his muscles. Over the past few months that he’s lived in Stark Tower he ventured down his sexual path more and more, remembering how amazing stroking himself felt, pinching his nipples, fingering is ass…
“I could,” he took in a ragged breath. “I could be hard right in front of them, have them see the outline of my huge cock inside my tight uniform.”
Steve awoke after a blissful sleep. He smiled to himself remembering the events of the night before. Tony had indeed fucked him while he was asleep and the soldier was curious if he did it again after he passed out once more. A heat welled up in Steve’s belly at the thought of being fucked without his knowledge. He was truly becoming nothing but a cum dump, and he loved it. All he wanted was more…
There was a pause, like Clint was still processing that this really happened. Finally he grinned and broke the silence with a whistle and “Tony was right! You are a slut."
Tony smiled and nodded. “Yup! I just have something to speak to Rogers about, then I’ll be down.” Bruce nodded and left, closing the door behind him.
Finally Steve was getting fucked by two men. Fuck this is what he's wanted, what he's needed. Getting filled in his mouth and ass made his feel so dirty and fuuuuck it just feels so good.
Steve leaned forward and licked the underside of Tony’s cock, cleaning off his own cum. Tony shuttered; Steve was just so ridiculously sexy! Where was this Steve in the months that they’ve known each other!?
Steve gasped at the wet sensation around his dick. Tony’s mouth was stretched as wide is it could go and he barely had three inches in his mouth. “Ah, Tony!” Steve cried unconsciously thrusting his hips into the wet heat. His cock roughly hit the back of Tony’s throat and it made him instantly pull back, gagging. “Tony I’m sorry!” Steve recoiled back, popping his massive length out of the genius’s mouth, who continued to cough. “I- it’s fine-” Tony’s eyes were full of tears. “It’s fine. Just- try not to do that again. It’s been a while since I sucked cock, and never one this huge.”
"I'll tell you later. Right now just let me..." Steve trailed off sinking to his knees, all the while looking at Tony.
The buttons of his shirt strained to keep closed, pulled so taught. God it felt like the buttons were going to fly off.
Steve fell back onto the bed with a broken cry and came, showering himself in his own milk and cum. His whole body writhed in pleasure and hips bucked over and over with each new wave of cum. Milk pooled between his collarbones, cleavage, abs and navel. He was absolutely covered and it drove him wild.
“I had fun last night,” Tony growled into Steve’s ear as he came up behind him. He grabbed handfuls of Steve’s glorious ass and squeezed, making the blonde yelp, almost spilling his coffee. Clint craned his neck to see what Tony was doing. “Hey, Tony. Let Steve have some food first, will ya?”
!!” Steve cried, cock pulsed again and again, each time a new wave of cum came gushing out. Tony decided to remove his arm and let Steve ride out the rest of his orgasm. The soldier didn’t need more stimuli at this point, he had been ejaculating for about a minute already. Tony slowly drew his arm out, finally removing his fist with a pop. Steve’s hole was completely destroyed. It was so gaped and twitched with each pulse of his cock.
Steve’s body was at it’s breaking point, he was trembling now, so so close to cumming after holding back countless times. Tears began to fall down the sides of Steve’s face. The pleasure was just too much.
“Why are you getting off alone in here?” Tony stepped closer to the other man. “I- ughhhhh… Washed myself off in the shower a- and when I saw myself all wet and hard I couldn’t help it-“ Steve gave a choked explanation. “That dildo I gave you didn’t help either,” Tony remarked.
Steve continued to look down and the elevator stayed silent. In seconds the doors opened to Tony's bedroom floor.
Soon Tony’s fingers were replaced by his cock. Steve’s head was tilted to to side so Tony didn’t deny Bruce a beautiful view of Steve’s lips wrapped around dick. Steve moaned like a whore and came again, his body taught and ass clenching around Bruce who didn’t slow his brutal pace. The tightness of his ass made the drag of Bruce’s thick cock on Steve’s insides oh so sweet. The soldier's eyes rolled back from pleasure, moaning around Tony’s dick. Steve's orgasm continued, his moans muffled by Tony fucking his throat.
Steve uncapped the lube he took out of his pocket moments before and coated his fingers with a generous amount.
Their tongues lazily lapped against the other as they softly groaned into each other’s mouths. Bruce’s hand reached down and slowly stroked Steve’s throbbing member through his shorts. Steve groaned loudly and he ground his ass down onto the dildo inside him, trembling as he came from the simple touch, having been hard for hours. The soldier ripped his lips away, drool seeping down his chin as he gazed at Bruce with half lidded eyes. “I’ve wanted this for so long…” he said, his voice low and breathy.
I don't know why I'm writing Clint and Steve's relationship to be this way... it just seems to be in Clint's nature to treat his lovers in this way. <3
“Tony- Please.” Steve gazed at him, his hunger growing. “I want you, Bruce and Clint to fuck me.” Steve swallowed thickly. "I need The Other Guy to fuck me.”
“Tony T-tony! Ahhh-“ Steve choked, tears stinging his eyes. “Fuuuck!” Steve's hips jackhammered upward spilling cum into his own hair.
The dildo started to vibrate more violently, making Steve sink to his knees, biting his bottom lip to hold in the loud moans that threatened to tear form him. “Steve?” Natasha asked, stepping closer.
Steve removed his hand with a huff and rested his arm back on the bed. Tony reached for the lube that was near the edge of the bed but paused when a wicked idea crossed his mind. This would mean he couldn’t cum this round either, but he was sure it would be worth it.
Three slicked fingers suddenly breached Steve’s cavernous hole and slid all the way inside. Steve screamed, cum spraying all over the bed. He pressed his ass back onto the fingers over and over as he came for the seventh time. “What a good slut you are,” Tony added a fourth finger, going past his knuckles. “So open and ready for me.” Steve’s breath was short as he came down from his orgasm. He groaned in frustration, shoving his ass back onto Tony’s fingers. “Fuck, Tony-”
"I can tell you're turned on, Rogers,” Tony blatantly stared at Steve's crotch. Steve didn't dare glance down, he was so ashamed.
"Fuck fuck fuck!" Wave after wave of jizz spilled all over Steve's sculpted body as his ass was pounded without mercy. The brunette gave a twisted smile and with his free hand he picked up a fourth dildo and slowly inserted it, his talented hands never breaking the fast pace he was fucking Steve with. Tony groaned, marveling at how Steve's ass swallowed the fourth dildo, knowing he could add more. "How is that stretch?"
"Get your star spangled ass up." Tony ordered after a few moments passed. "I have to change the sheets... again." Steve slowly got off the bed, hissing as his sensitive ass clenched. "Is there anything I can do to help?" He asked. Tony blinked looking at the soldier for a moment before laughing. "My god Steve! You're unbelievable!" "What?" Steve asked furrowing his brow. "You just came like a geyser for the fifth time tonight, you just got fisted, you're still hard and yet you ask if you can help me switch the sheets!"
Tony grasped Steve’s chest and squeezed, digging his nails into the sore flesh, giving the soldier the sweet burn he so desperately wanted. Steve gasped in pain filled pleasure and started to cum. His whole body jerked forward and he opened his mouth and let out the most pornographic sound the billionaire had ever heard. Tony kept squeezing and kneading Steve’s chest through his tenth orgasm.
“How does it feel to be awoken by hot throbbing cock?” Tony grinned devilishly. “You like being filled 24/7 don’t you, Rogers?” Steve mindlessly nodded his head in confirmation, his eyes still half open and unfocused. “Thank you for using me…” Steve slurred as he was finally coming around, his mind focusing a little more on what was happening. Tony chuckled and snapped his hips a little faster. “No need to thank me, it’s my pleasure to fulfill your lewd fantasies.”
Steve shivered and pathetically groaned, still not pulled from the deep haze of sleep. “Yes-“ he mumbled. His body moved on it’s own, his needy ass sluggishly thrusting back into Tony’s hips. It was slow and steady, as Steve was eased out of sleep. The haze of sleep, drifting out of full consciousness from exhaustion made the feeling of sex so dreamlike and otherworldly. Tony’s cock fucked Steve deep and deliberate, giving the soldier that blissful feeling of submission he needed.
Steve’s vision was blurred as he continued to cum over and over again. He cried out each time his cock pulsed with a new wave of cum, adding to the copious amount already on the bed. His whole body involuntarily spasmed from the aftershocks, his cock drooling out it's last drops if cum from his orgasm.
Steve was still so turned on... So hot for it. He looked down, his big fat cock still hard and dripping.
Steve gave a muffled groan in response, shallowly moving back and forth for that constant feel of cock sliding down his eager throat.
Steve gasped, realizing what he had done and blushed harder. He turned away from the mirror in shame, his eyes shut tight.
“Steve wants this!” Tony pressed. “He wants you, me and Clint.” Tony avoided mentioning The Hulk, he didn’t want to scare the older man away.
Bruce looked up from the monitor for a moment before looking back down. “Oh hi, Tony. You took a little longer than I thought so I got started. I hope that’s alright.”
He threw on a pair of shorts that now sported a sizable bulge and a too small tshirt that showed his muscles, the tight fabric conformed to his body, digging under his chest to beautifully frame such glorious tits.
“Maybe it was a little bit of The Other Guy poking through. That will work to your advantage my dear Captain,” Tony said as he slid his soapy hands down Steve’s chest. “Maybe he’ll fuck you good and hard.” Tony paused and gave a chuckle. "It’s always the quiet ones who are animals in bed… well look who I’m talking to!” Tony made his point by pinching Steve’s nipple, making the soldier groan. “I thought I was the only one who could make you cum on command…” Tony absentmindedly moved his thumb and index finger and slowly rubbed the taught nipple.
"This is wrong," Steve said as he clicked the link to read more. He knew he shouldn't but one peek couldn't hurt, right?
"A side effect of the serum..." The blonde ran his thumb over the tip of his cock and cupped his heavy balls. "I guess the scientists didn't take into account that everything about me would become superhuman."
With each pulse of his cock Steve moaned, thrusting his hips downward, humping the air. “Ahhh… Ahh-“ Steve sighed, feeling his cum dripping off his pecs. “Feels- so good…” he was smiling, completely out of his mind.
“God, Steve. That was…” Tony didn’t have any words to describe what he just saw, what he had just done. “Fuck…”
Steve drew his hand to his mouth and slid them inside, closing his eyes and sucking, swirling his tongue around the digits getting them nice and wet. He moaned as he deep throated his fingers, simulating a cock. Once his fingers were good and dripping he slowly removed them, a thick string of saliva connected his hand and mouth as he drew away.
By the time Tony finally got done with his work he wasn't sure what to expect. He thought Steve might take him up in his generous offer, but who was he kidding? The old fossil was probably too embarrassed, he kind of felt bad for him.
Steve didn’t hesitate. His hand shot down straight into his pants. He groaned when his hand wrapped around his slick cum covered cock and jerked himself off.
After eating and chatting a bit more with Clint, Steve made his way down to the gym for his daily workout, not expecting anyone to be there this early. He frowned slightly as he walked in, seeing Natasha. “Hey, Nat,” he said as he made sure to turn away from her view, not wanting to show her the leaking erection he sported. “Hey, Steve,” Natasha said with a grin. “You want to spar? I could use a parter since Clint’s busy.” Steve stilled, biting his bottom lip. He was hard with a dildo stuffed inside him, how could he spar?
Steve stood and in a few paces sat on the bed, looking at Tony for further directions.  “Put your head on my pillows and butt in the air,” Tony instructed. The blonde did as he was told; he rested his head on the pillows, his muscular back curved upward to his perfect ass, his legs spread wide. Tony’s eyes raked over every inch of Steve, he was finally able to drink in the soldier’s utter perfection. Everything about him was big, defined, sensual, beautiful. The brunette could go on for hours about how the super soldier looked from this position alone.
Tony cocked an eyebrow. “I don’t know if I should be offended or not… It’s hot that you wanna get fucked by as many dicks as you can handle, but are you also saying I don’t satisfy you?”
He made his way downstairs and into the kitchen where Tony and Clint sat, eating and talking. Tony raised an eyebrow and grinned as Steve caught his eye. “Hey there, soldier. How’d you sleep last night?"
Steve chucked "I guess my body has to get used to being used like this again." "I think thirteen orgasms is pretty good for our first time, don’t you think?” Tony asked. “Gotta break this record some other time.”
Steve was panting now, oh so close to release, eyes rolling back, out of his mind. “Fuck yes, Tony! I’m your slut! Ahhhhh! It’s like I was made to be a sex slave! Fuuuuuck!” Steve threw his head back and came, painting his abs and chest in thick lines of white. The orgasm only lasted a few seconds before Steve collapsed forward onto Tony.
As Fury spoke the soldier’s eyes wandered to the others in the room. He hadn’t forgot the promise Tony had said to him a few weeks prior, the first time they had marathon sex. His mouth watered looking at each Avenger, wondering how hard it would be for him and Tony to get them all to have sex with him… At the same time. Steve quietly gasped, his cock pulsed, adding to the wetness. Fuck.
Clint audibly swallowed as he stared at a flushed, panting, straining Captain America before him. It was like the super soldier was in heat or something.
The genius took Steve’s pecs in a firm grasp once more and squeezed a few times. He then took each nipple between his thumb and index finger and rubbed the hard nubs between them, extracting a choked groan from Steve. Tony grinned wickedly and pulled on his right nipple, hard. Cum splattered on the tiled wall in front of the solider, who fell forward and braced himself with one arm on the wall. Steve was panting and Tony could feel his heart racing. “Do it again.” Steve’s voice was raspy and low, demanding. Tony was more than happy to comply. He gave the soldier’s right nipple some slack and instead tugged on the left. “Harder. More.”
Steve slowly came around, finally getting to his feet and into the bathroom to wash himself off. He got out of the shower and walked over to the bed, finally seeing the dildo that Tony had given him. It was 14 inches long and 3 inches in girth. Steve got onto the bed and on his knees. He let the 10 inch dildo flop out of his slack, relaxed hole. He felt so empty as his insides clenched around nothing, wanting something nice and thick to stretch around. Steve lubed up the dildo and readied it at his entrance, groaning as he pushed it inside. The blonde moaned as he felt himself open wider to accept another inch of width, feeling it sink deeper inside him with the added length.
Once he was done washing himself he braced himself on the tiled wall with one arm and leaned over, sticking his ass out. He reached around with his free arm and traced the outside of his asshole.
The soldier didn’t stop or even slow down when he saw Tony standing there, he just kept going, so utterly shameless.
century and he’s not sure how people would react to him being so sexual. Captain America, fighting for freedom and justice, the soldier who fought in World War II. The famous man out of time is a 95-year-old fossil, who has an overpowered sex drive.
“Mmm… Tony?” Steve asked slowly, his words slurred in his half asleep, groggy state. “W- what are you…?” his mouth fell open as he moaned, the haze of sleep making him more aware of his bodies’ heightened state. “I’m fucking you awake, using you how you wanted…” Tony said, in a dominating tone. “You did say you were mine whenever I needed a hole and not to ask permission,” Tony’s voice lowered into a growl as he buried himself all the way inside, grinding into the tight heat. “You wanted this.”
Steve didn’t answer; he just kept fingering himself and swallowing Tony’s cock. The soldier’s muffled moans became louder when he finally added the tip of his thumb into his ass. Tony could have sworn Steve was about to fist himself right then and there. Steve looked up, his blue eyes glazed over with lust. His cheeks were hallowed out as he sucked, barely moving back and forth, keeping Tony's cock at the back of his throat. It was so hard for Tony not to cum from the sight. “Y-your greedy hole is almost swallowing your hand-“ Tony gasped. “You’re devouring my cock like a– ahhh… slut.”
Suddenly Steve pulled off of the other man’s length, threw his head back, and came, his cock completely untouched. Long spurts of thick white liquid shot up into the air, some hitting Tony’s dick, while most of it landed on Steve’s chest and stomach. Tony was about to loose it again… Steve’s head was thrown back, his mouth open, a sinful moan escaping from deep inside. His hair was disheveled, with a thin sheen of sweat on his brow. His body was as taught as a bowstring, every muscle contracting from the intense orgasm. Damn if all that cum dripping off Steve’s godlike chest and abs didn’t look delicious.
It was Tony again. “Open your mouth,” he growled. Steve obeyed, his jaw instantly went slack. Clint’s cock rested heavily on his tongue and it had just barely started to go down his throat. Steve looked up, peering at Clint and the phone in his hand, waiting to be told what to do.
Tony handed Steve another towel. “Thanks,” he wiped the cum off himself yet again. “Did you like the show?” “Hated it actually.” Tony said with a smirk. Steve smiled. “Well I’ll have to have some audience participation this time.”
it. He could feel the hot cum gushing inside him with each powerful throb of that monster cock. He could feel The Hulk completely taking over his body, transforming it into his own personal cum dump, exactly what Steve wanted...
Steve groaned as his eyes slightly opened. Confusion filled his brain, as he was in that state of not knowing if he was still dreaming. Only half awake, Steve was becoming aware of a very familiar feeling of pleasure. He could feel his welcoming hole being rocked into, steady and precise, his prostate being hit again and again. “Ahhh…” the soldier groaned, finally realizing he was being fucked awake.
Steve was shocked when he read this, of course. But in the back of his mind, he knew they were right, and that crushed him to admit it. He felt so ashamed to take pride in something like his own butt but... It's just so damn nice. "Perfect ass of Captain America in that
Steve’s words hung heavy in the air as the three men looked down at the soldier. Utter shame crept over the poor blonde as he became hyper aware that his words were fixated on. Steve hoped that Bruce didn’t feel upset or thought that he never really wanted Bruce at all, which was as far from the truth as could be. Steve had also never blatantly outright said that was what he ultimately wanted from Bruce, (He let Tony use his silver tongue for such things) and knowing how reluctant Bruce was, he wouldn’t be surprised if he called it off right now.
He turned on the shower and hot water cascaded down. He stepped inside the ridiculously big shower and was immediately followed by Tony. They helped wash each other off, all the while Steve bit back moans while Tony ran his soapy hands on his body and through his hair. Even though he was just being washed off, Steve was already rock hard from simply being touched. Each little touch and scratch made his cock twitch and Tony noticed.
distant they had been until just then. “You’re not bothering me. I’m sorry I’ve been avoiding you, Tony. I’m just not that great with kids. Never have been, probably never will be.”
“Let him in,” he says, and instantly the door opens gently, revealing an awkward looking Tony standing in the doorway, holding a mug and shuffling from foot to foot.
– they get him back. Steve wonders briefly if he should be jealous, but he actually kind of gets it. Tony doesn’t exactly sing about his childhood from the rooftops, but sometimes, when it’s just the two of them lying in the dark, he’ll talk to Steve about the Peggy he knew, about the shiny badge he stole from her too many times to keep track, how he’d always trusted that she – and the agents under her – would have his back.
person, would care to see. That is not the sort of thing that you can integrate into casual conversation.
Husband. Tony turns the word over in his head, considering. He hadn’t realised – that is, he’d known they were friends, sure, but nobody had ever – huh.
Having read the list, Bruce suddenly (and quite unexpectedly) burst out laughing, clapping a hand to Tony’s shoulder. “Oh man,” He said, pausing to allow for another fit of laughter “for a second there I thought you were actually serious.”
“I think…” Clint starts, and then mutters ‘goddammit, Tony’ under his breath like Tony isn’t right next to him. “It’s been over thirty years. There’s no cure for old age, Tony, I’m sorry.”
He understands what Coulson is saying. They can’t afford to do anything that might overwhelm Tony, because if at 44 the man is considered a flight risk, at 8 they might as well consider him gone. “Bruce is our best bet, I’ll clear the others out.”
Clint must have seen, because he suddenly appeared at Steve’s side, rolling his eyes before scooping the child up into his arms. “Hey, kiddo. My name is Clint Barton, I’m an agent of SHIELD. You know SHIELD, right?”
“No, no, it’s just that – um,” Tony stared at the ground, shuffling his feet awkwardly “All the others talk to me, and you don’t, really. Are you sure I didn’t do anything wrong?”
At home, keeping Tony distracted so he doesn’t worry. They’d each taken their turns offering to stay in his place, but he’d insisted they wouldn’t need him.
Bruce was the first to speak, quietly introducing himself. “Tony, I’m Doctor Bruce Banner.” He waited for Tony to nod in greeting before continuing. “We’re in the year 2015. There was a mishap with a spell, and the older version of you seems to have been replaced with” Bruce waved vaguely towards Tony “
“Hold on just one moment, okay?” Once the armour was finally off him, Tony slowly took the small box out of his pocket, shuffling awkwardly. “Well, I suppose now is as good a time as any…”
Bruce is nice. Tony spends most of his days down in his lab, sitting and playing with the toys Ms. Potts got him while Bruce tests his blood and squints at weird machines that Big Tony had apparently built for him. He knows that Bruce is working so hard because he wants Tony gone, wants his own Tony back, but he’s doesn’t take it personally. This is just what scientists do, they solve things. He doesn’t know what will happen if Bruce solves this, if he’ll go back to his own time or die or vanish or even just stay here, two Tony Starks. He’s not too worried about it, he knows his place and it’s clearly not here.
He refuses to teach Tony how to shoot because, as he puts it, Big Tony will use it as a chance to put ‘fucking computers or some shit’ into Clint’s bows.
“Yup, yes, go right ahead.” As Steve walked away, Tony quickly glanced round at Bruce, who was, at that point, doubled over in silent laughter, clapping his hands like a seal.
Bruce almost definitely groaned when he said that, and out of the corner of his eye, Tony saw him bury his face in his hands, but the time for Bruce complaining about his every action was past. Steve, however, just looked confused, so he began to elaborate. “I’m… working on a new pair of gloves for you. They’re gonna be awesome, trust me. But I need your exact finger measurements so that they fit you properly.”
There are these giant – beetles, Steve wants to say? Currently rampaging through the financial district, and there’s only five of them, so it shouldn’t really be a thing, except for that it’s been an hour and nobody’s been able to penetrate their armour. They’ve barely slowed them down, so far the team has had to put priority on evacuating civilians.
fun, but at least he’s buzzed enough to not think about Tony Fucking Stark for a while. Instead, he watches Tasha drink Clint under the table, and then proceeds to do the same to every guy that tries to flirt with her. At some point Thor gets up on a table to start singing and Steve turns to grin at Tony and Tony isn’t there. Obviously.
There’s a tremble in his voice and already Phil is regretting this, regretting this whole goddamned situation, because of
people to see them, though, because the waiter hadn’t even brought them their menus when some wannabe supervillain came crashing through the doors. He
admit it out loud. The first couple of days, he very patiently talks him through a few of the files SHIELD has cleared him to see, explains what happened to his parents, how he met Rhodey and Ms. Potts, what happened in Afghanistan, everything that’s happened since the Avengers formed. He takes him down to Big Tony’s workshop, shows him the suits and the arc reactors and, with JARVIS’ help, answers as many of Tony’s questions about the engineering that he can.
“No,” Clint says, grabbing Coulson’s elbow and steering him towards an armchair. “No, this is not acceptable. You were meant to stay in surveillance, what were you doing out in the
Steve quickly followed when Clint started walking, still carrying the child. “So do you trust me?” Another nod. “Okay, well we’re not going to the mansion, we’re going to a tower. Captain America and I live there, along with some of our friends. We’ll be taking care of you for a little while, okay?”
Suddenly Tony was beside him but he didn’t halt the super soldier’s actions. He bent in to whisper into Steve’s ear. “Enjoy yourself. Cum all over your own reflection.”
Thank you all so much for your patience! I've been busy these past few months and my new chapter went untouched for a long time. I hope this chapter was a good read after my little delay in uploading it. <3 :>
Tony gently laid Steve onto the bed and wiped the cum off of his heaving chest. The genius couldn’t help himself and gave the blonde’s tits a squeeze. Steve’s eyes flew open and he gave a pained moan. “Hurts-“ Steve choked. Tony began to apologize but Steve cut him off. “Feels good,” the soldier gave a weak smile.
Steve cried out against Clint’s lips, muscles tensing under Tony’s hands and mouth, hole clamping down on Bruce’s fingers and dildo as he came hard. The ropes of thick white cum pumped onto Tony and Clint, hitting them both with a copious amount.
“Tell me again...” Steve swallowed. “Tell me how you like the feeling of my throbbing cock against your thigh.”
Tony glanced back at Bruce and smirked. “Don’t worry, this is just a break.” He turned his attention back to Steve and he smacked the soldier’s ass hard making Steve climax once more. Tony took the opportunity of the added tightness of clenching ass to ram into Steve until he came with a groan.
Clint had a worried expression on his face as he looked from Steve to Bruce. The scientist caught the archers eye and he nodded in reassurance. “I’ll be in control,” he said, his voice wavering from pleasure, but confident. “I can’t keep living in fear.”
Steve suddenly felt a little self-conscious. If it was just Tony sitting there he would have been on the bed in a second, begging to cum. But this was Bruce! He probably would have had a lot of forplay and kissing before moving forward. And here Steve was, already naked and hard.
"Captain America could be reading this RIGHT NOW! Eeeek! X3" one fan wrote. Another fan replied back, "Nah, he probably doesn't know how the Internet works. If anything, it's Tony Stark who looks on the Captain America sub forum. We ALL know he has a thing for Captain Rogers. Hehehe. I'm off to write fanfiction." After that the thread that was supposed to be all about Steve's butt went off topic into a StevexTony thread, then veered back to the original topic, now with the idea of Tony staring and playing with Steve's butt.
Bruce took in a shaky breath, his eyes betraying how turned on he was. Finally FINALLY Steve felt Bruce’s dick lightly pressing against his opening. “Do it,” Steve begged in desperation. Bruce put a little pressure and he breached Steve, who let out a sinful moan. Ever so slowly Bruce pressed into Steve, bit by torturous bit. Steve growled in frustration, this snail’s pace was driving him mad! “Just- ughhh- f-fuck me-” he gasped, unable to keep his voice level.
“Thank you for fulfilling one of them…” Steve mumbled as he slowly rolled over onto his back, squishing into the thick cum that covered the sheets. He pulled Tony to his chest and gave him a nice sloppy kiss. “Best way to wake up,” he grinned as their lips slipped apart. Tony smiled. “I’ll do it more often, then.”
Today he decided to take the plunge and go onto an Avengers fan forum. He was curious to see what the people thought of him and his fellow comrades. He read women and men alike idolizing him, more than he thought they did. Many posted pictures of him from newscasts, interviews, and random candid’s.  Steve blushed red when he found that his fans had an odd fascination with his rear. They practically worshiped it.
“This.” Bruce gave Steve’s cock one hard stroke. “Is mine now, understand?” His voice was firm and commanding. Steve slowly met Bruce’s gaze. The scientist was calm but there was a look in his eye that Steve had never seen before. “Y-yes,” Steve swallowed hard. He couldn’t believe how quickly things escalated!
In a state of complete overstimulation, Steve’s hands fell away from his chest, milk still flowing, cum still dripping.
With each plunge of his cock inside Tony, Steve’s cries became higher and louder. By now Tony was bottoming out, taking every inch of Steve’s super soldier cock, fucking down on him without mercy.
“Each night I would become more and more like a sex toy. My asshole would gape for them. My mouth was constantly looking to suck a nice fat dick.  Ahhh- my nipples would ache to be sucked. My ass wanted to be spanked raw. All I wanted to do was cum and cum and…” His eyes flew open and he moaned loudly. “Fuck fuck. Oh gooood fuck me!” Steve blurted out as he came all over himself.
Tony sighed. “I don’t have anything bigger… We could use two dildos?” Steve furrowed his brow, it didn’t look like he approved. Tony shrugged “Or we could use my fist.” Steve nodded eagerly at that. “Yesssss, please!”
Bruce didn’t stop his relentless pace, adding two more fingers, flattening out his palm against the dildo to open the blonde up even more. “Aaaahhhhh-“ Steve moaned, arching his back, releasing more cum, splattering his body in more delicious white. “Please- pleeeease!” Steve gasped, drawing out his begging words.
"I'm not angry Steve." Tony said finally when it looked like Steve was going to start talking again. And it was the truth he wasn't angry, he was afraid and hurt and empty but he wasn't angry. All he felt was this feeling of nothing, he'd been angry after Rhodey, he'd been angry when he found out about his parents. But now he just felt nothing but this emptiness like all the anger and all the sadness had just disappeared and all he was left with now was a feeling of numbness.
He took in a deep breath and opened the bathroom door. Steve smiled when he saw Bruce and Tony sitting on the bed looking at him.
Steve jumped a little, startled by the sudden shift in attention. He jerked his head towards Fury and looked at him, a confused look on his face. “Uhhh...” Steve blushed slightly, it wasn’t like him to have his mind wander during a meeting. “N-no. Everything sounds fine,” he lied.
Clint turned his gaze away from the phone and looked down at Steve. The soldier looked absolutely gorgeous, his mouth was open and his tongue was out, eyes looking up at Clint, only Clint. The pinkness on his cheeks had faded away and his expression was nothing but unbridled hunger. He could feel Steve’s breath, the soft touch of his tongue on the underside of his length. Clint bit his lip and experimentally snapped his hips forward, shoving himself down Steve’s throat then back up again to rest on his tongue.
"I have to open you up again, Rogers. You’re all tense," Tony breathed, staring at that nice hole between two red cheeks. Steve moved his hand that was already there to push his finger inside. Tony gave the soldier’s rear a little slap. "Whoa there big guy. You got to play with that before, now I want a turn."
Before Bruce could speak Tony interjected. “I finally convinced Bruce to let The Hulk in on the action."
Steve made a small noise at the sudden movement, but remained still, his eyes looking up, unwavering. He wiggled his tongue back and forth, tickling the underside of Clint’s dick, urging him to continue.
Steve has made the decision to take Tony up on his offer. The things Steve does surprises even the genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist.
“That’s it,” Bruce whispered, never taking his eyes off of Steve. “Nice and slow.” He audibly swallowed when Steve’s lust filled eyes met his gaze. Steve kept the steady pace, his hand so slack around his cock, barely giving him any friction and yet… the constant ghost of a touch and slow stimulation was driving him wild. “Ah ah ah ah-“ Steve let out a quiet moan with each thrust of his hips. His cock was so slick with precum and his hand was so tantalizingly close to giving him the release he needed.
“You mean Steve?” Bruce furrowed his brow, slightly confused. "But Tony we know how much he can bench and how fast he can run. What more do we need to test?”
Clint drew away and Steve gasped for air, finally groaning loudly. Tony drew his lips away from Steve’s tits with a sucking wet pop, releasing that tender red nipple from his talented mouth. “Such a good whore…” Tony praised, licking his lips.
Suddenly Tony roughly drew his fist out, then trust back inside. “You were nothing but a hole for men to enjoy, is that it? That’s what they needed you for in the army, to satisfy them?” “Yeeeeeeeesssss,” Steve groaned. Tony knew that wasn’t true, but damn, if Steve really did think that at this moment that was extremely hot. The soldier pushed his ass back, taking in Tony’s hand deeper. “Your ass is just made for this, made to be stretched wide. So full, so wrecked.” Steve’s eyes rolled back into his head, stroking his cock faster.
“Ahh- ahhh- ahhhhh…” Steve’s choked moans lessened as he came down from his high. He quickly became weak at the knees and he slowly sank to the floor, not caring that his chest and face dragged across the cum spattered mirror. His knees landed heavily on the floor and his torso and face rested against the glass. The soldier opened his mouth and let his cum that slowly slid down the mirror drip into his hungry maw.
Steve’s gaze was fixed upward, looking at Clint and the phone as he was used like a sex toy. “That’s it,” Clint’s voice wavered. "Fuck- you're so pretty."
Steve’s plea was cut short as he seized up, eyes blowing wide and clenching his teeth as the cock inside him suddenly swelled bigger. He watched with wide eyes as Bruce finally gave in and transformed, his body becoming massive, ripping his shirt like paper, his skin turning bright green. The Hulk's cock just kept growing thicker and longer, making Steve howl as he threw his had back, cumming all over himself.
Tony looked down at the panting mess before him. Steve was laid out on the bed, legs drawn up to his chest and his ass stuffed full with a huge dildo. He was panting, coming down from his third orgasm.
Steve sat up and stretched his aching muscles, lifting his arms above his head with a long groan. The soldier stood from the bed, walked into the bathroom and used the facilities before turning on the shower and stepping inside. He smiled, letting the warm water lift what was left of groggy sleep from his mind. He had never been so content in his life, finally feeling so open and free with who he was. No longer would he have to hide his desire while among his teammates.
“Your cock is already getting hard for me. You were a good soldier so I’ll give it to you any way you want.” Tony drew close to Steve’s ear. “How do you want it?” the billionaire whispered as he swirled his index finger around the bulbous head of Steve’s erection making the soldier give a throaty groan. “I can tie you up, strap you down and leave a vibrator on high inside your hungry ass and watch you cum and cum untouched until you scream and beg for me to turn it off,” Tony grinned when he felt Steve’s cock twitch in response. Steve's dick was fully erect now and began to drool precum.
Tony couldn’t believe how open Steve was being with him. He always thought the kid from Brooklyn would be demure, embarrassed, and even timid when it came to sex. Steve wasn’t wasting any time with foreplay or fooling around. Tony guessed this is what happens when you’re trapped in ice for seventy years. "You’re so different from a few hours ago. What made you want to do this?"
“Damn, Steve. You must have worked out and fucked enough to put yourself into a coma to only wake up now.”
Tony was already thinking of what else they could do. How was he going to top this one? Tony sat and pondered the possibilities, while Steve was still writhing in intense orgasm. He knew he would have to change the bed sheets again. Damnit.
Steve moaned, fully awake, imagining being used like that. Minding his own business in the kitchen and Tony, without warning, bends him over the counter and fucks his brains out. Maybe Steve would walk around in skimpy outfits, or even naked for easy access…
Tony crept up to the door and waited for Jarvis to open it for him. As soon as the door gave the slightest crack the sound of Steve’s moans of ecstasy reached Tony’s ears. He should have known… Putting a sex crazed Steve Rogers in the bathroom with a dildo would probably— What Tony saw before him ripped him out of his thoughts. He stiffened, pulling back in surprise, his eyes wide.
Bruce gave a few more thrusts and with a sigh he came inside Steve. Steve felt himself being filled, claimed by cock, by cum, by these two men. He felt Bruce continue to cum more than a normal man. So fucking good. Steve gave a muffled gagging groan around Tony as he came again. His body convulsed violently, every muscle tight, hips bucking wildly. Cum showered on Steve, spattering his entire body in the obscene fluid. Wave after wave spilled from his throbbing cock, his mind lost in absolute bliss.
“You know, I saw what you were doing,” Clint continued to trace the outline of Steve’s dick through his obscenely wet and sticky pants. “You were moving your hips, trying so hard to hide it.” Clint looked Steve in the eye, pointed to his own with his free hand and gave a cheeky smile. “These eyes see all my dear Cap.”
A grunt from Steve snapped Tony out of his trance. “T- Tony…” Steve groaned. “Do somethi- Ahhh!!” he cried out when Tony smacked his ass. “You don’t command me, soldier. I’m in charge.” Tony ran his fingers over the skin he just hit. “If you want something, I might give it to you if you ask nicely.”
. The Hulk’s cock is a gigantic, pulsing mass of inhumanly sized flesh, holding Steve open impossibly wide- and Steve is able to take it. His perfect super soldier body stretching out and adapting, ready and willing to take it all.
Steve’s whole body tensed, his eyes rolled back and he came, deep inside Tony.   Wave after wave of cum spilled inside, filling him up. Tony moaned, feeling the pulse of the huge cock inside him and the hot feeling of Steve’s cum flooding his insides.
“Uhhh Clint,” Steve moaned, bucking his hips forward. Suddenly Steve was flipped around, his back hit against the door. He faced Clint with wide eyes, his chest heaving for air from the built up orgasm.
“Mmm Tony. I’m so sensitive,” the soldier groaned. “E-every touch is like fire on my skin! Ahh!” Steve yelped when Tony firmly grasped his pecs in both hands from behind. “Your tits are so delicious, Steve…” he whispered into the soldier’s ear. Tony’s hands easily slid over the wet skin, each of his fingers grazing his nipples as he rubbed up and down. Steve moaned, his chest contracting and jumping under the stimulation.
“You’re so sexy. Mmm so tight.” Tony gasped against Steve’s lips. “My dick in your sloppy hole is the best thing I’ve ever felt. Does it feel good my lovely slut?” He thrust faster making Steve groan. “Yes-“ Steve gasped. “I’m your slut. Cum in my gaping fuck hole!” Shit, Steve saying those naughty things was just what Tony needed.
Steve could hear groans of pleasure from both Clint and Tony. “What a cock slut,” he heard Tony say in a shaky breathless voice. Through the growing need to breathe from dick in his throat the soldier was so close to spilling over the edge.
"I've read plenty of fanfictions about myself. Some of them are creepily true. The fangirls have a way of getting in your head." Tony glanced at the computer screen once again. "So are you going to tell me if this fanfiction is true... Or do you want to show me?" Tony's lips curled into a devilish grin.
“Well I wanted to make sure it was ok with you. Since you’re so sensitive, rimming will probably feel amazing.” The brunette really wanted to do it, but this was Steve’s call. “I don’t know…” the soldier didn’t look convinced. “If you don’t want to-“ Tony began, but Steve cut him off. “No, I’ll try it. Just…” he gave a small smile. “Go slow. I’ll tell you if I want you to stop.”
Finally the dildo let up and slowly slowed down till it stopped, leaving Steve to lay on the cool floor, panting, covered in his own cum.
Steve screamed and his body uncontrollably spasming in The Hulk’s grip as he felt the first wave of cum explode inside him. It was a torrent of thick cum that quickly flooded Steve’s insides, filling him up, making his belly expand with the thick fluid.
Tony has something planned for Steve. Mostly setup for the next chapter, but not without many orgasms from Steve.
Steve ripped his gaze from Tony’s eyes and set his eyes upon his own body. What he saw made him moan, cumming from the sight. His belly was rounded, so full of cum and cock that was still buried balls deep inside him. He was so full, belly so swollen with such delicious cum, making the soldier look about 4 months pregnant. This is what he always wanted, one of his most filthy desires finally came true. And all he could think of was…
“How did you start your uh, services?” Tony asked while he stripped the cum soaked sheets off the bed. Steve stopped and looked at Tony in question. “Don’t stop.” The other man commanded. Steve laid his head back and closed his eyes and began to slowly stroke himself once again. “Th-the men… they needed an outlet… someone to relieve them… ahhh- to make them feel good.”
Tony swallowed audibly. The way the super soldier’s body was contorted in this position, the movement of his arms and shoulders accentuated his shoulder blades. Steve’s hot breath fogged up the mirror, his mouth open, tongue barely inside his mouth. His tits pressed against the mirror, nipples hard against the cool glass.
“You’re beautiful Steve. Fuck, you’re so hot. Just look at yourself,” Tony was next to Steve now. “Look how sexy you are.”
He bit his lower lip with a groan, enjoying the familiar burn as his wet finger breached his hole. He inserted it all the way to his knuckle, and then thrust it in and out a few times, enjoying the feeling of some of the cascading water leaking inside. After a minute he added a second finger. Steve moaned, all he could think was: soon this was going to be Tony. He thought of everything they could do, all the raunchy things done to him in the army. Every urge he tried to fight down bubbled up in his mind. The realization hit Steve like a ton of bricks.
With that the brunette grasped the other man’s hips and slid all the way inside in one strong thrust. Steve let out a choked cry, his mouth open and eyes wide. They stayed still for a moment, both breathing in tandem. “God Steve,” Tony was almost breathless. “You feel so good inside.” He pulled almost all the way out and thrust back inside making the blonde go rigid for a moment.
“I’ve never known a man to have as sensitive nipples as yours,” Tony purred into Steve’s ear. He twisted and pulled at the hard nubs till the super soldier could hardly stand. Steve writhed and bucked under Tony's skilled hands, shamelessly drooling from the stimulation. His skin was on fire and his nipples hurt so bad. The hot pleasure that shot though him was unbearable. He glanced down at his chest which was being grasped firmly by the other man's hands at the moment. Tony's fingers were splayed and squeezing oh-so tightly, making Steve's tits bulge and conform to the free space between his fingers. Steve couldn't help but gasp and the sight, his own chest looked so good and enticing. "H-harder," Steve groaned and pressed his chest forward, trying to get Tony to grip him tighter.
“Feel it Steve?” Tony whispered in awe. “Feel the pulse of your cock? It feels so good against me.” Steve incoherently gave choked sobs and gasps as he came again just from those words.
Steve screamed through clenched teeth, drool spilling down his chin. His eyes blew wide as he came, showering himself in cum from being split in half by the monstrous dick. He could feel his body opening up as the shaft went deeper and deeper.
Steve was like a horny animal, not caring that grinding against the billionaire’s thigh was the only way he was going to be allowed to get off. In fact he shamefully enjoyed how easily his body reacted to the simple stimulation. “I like watching you degrading yourself like this, cumming in your own pants.” Tony’s eyes bore into the soldier as he spoke. “You’re filthy Steve.”
As the gushes of cum slowly lessened, Tony couldn’t believe his eyes. Steve’s dick looked a little soft; his super boner was finally getting tired… Or maybe it was the magnitude of the orgasm. Either way, Tony knew Steve was far from done.
“Make out with your reflection. Touch yourself. Indulge your narcissistic side.” Tony paused, grinning wider. “But don’t cum.”
Tony frowned “I didn’t tell you to stop.” Steve nodded and slowly turned to the mirror once again. With his eyes still shut, he thrust his hips into the mirror and he felt his length meet cool glass. He slowly opened his eyes and groaned when he gazed down. His cock was pressed against the mirror and fuck! He wanted his own reflection to be real so the massive twin cocks could grind together. Just the thought alone had Steve biting his bottom lip to stop the cum that threatened to shoot out. He slowly rut against the mirror, smearing precum over the surface.
The soldier continued to play with his nipples, enjoying how his tits jumped under the stimulation. He violently twisted the hard nubs, and practically screamed from the pain. He went rigid and nearly came, but he managed to fight it back once more. Steve gasped, his breath fast and uneven. He was so hard it hurt and his balls felt swollen and heavy. He couldn’t last much longer.
After much deliberation and pacing back and forth in his room Steve finally made a decision. He was going to do it.
“Hold that thought,” Tony said as he hastily led Steve out of the bathroom and into the bedroom. Steve assumed the position on the bed, his ass in the air. The dildo easily flopped out of his now gaping hole.
Steve’s grip began to slacken on his dick and his thrusting hips slowed to a stop. The soldier lay still, his chest heaving as he gasped for air, his eyes closed.
“I didn’t say that.” Clint said hastily. “I just really want to make sure that this is what you want… I’ve never done something like this before.”
Tony lean down and made out with Steve, lapping hungrily into the soldier’s mouth, tongue practically shoving it’s way down his throat. Steve groaned when he felt his legs shift and his filthy shorts being pulled down and off him. His eyes blew wide and he gasped in surprise as the dildo inside him was twisted and shoved in deep. “I see he's prepped for me…” Bruce commented as he pulled out then rammed the toy in sharply making Steve give a high pitched cry.
Tony took in a deep breath and lined his dick up with Steve’s entrance but didn’t push forward. He stayed there, enjoying watching the soldier get almost angry with him. “Damnit Tony!!”
“So fucking hot,” Tony breathed. He was painfully hard and so ready to cum from watching that sinful show. The billionaire glanced down and realized he had yet to finish changing the sheets. Crap! He hastily threw them haphazardly onto the bed, not caring how messy it was. He was probably going to have to change them again soon anyway; he hoped he had more extra sheets.
Tony only grinned knowingly. “Don’t worry Bruce. Steve is ready for more.” Bruce arched an eyebrow in skepticism. “How can Steve possibly be up for more?”
“Really well,” Steve replied with a smirk before walking over to the counter to pour himself some coffee.
A few hours went by and Clint had joined him on the couch in that time. They sat closely together, Steve all but nuzzled into Clint’s side as they watched the movie, not a sexual touch exchanged despite the obvious bulge from how hard Steve was. Steve liked how relaxed their relationship was, how Clint didn’t seem to want to blindly use him, and the soldier was ok with that. Some variety in his sex life didn't hurt one bit.
Tony tilted his head and grinned, seeing Steve so undone and begging was so fucking hot. “What does the great Captain America want?” he asked teasingly, flicking a nipple with his index finger, enjoying the flex that resulted.
Steve shut his eyes tight as he took more throbbing cock inch by inch, unable to do much of anything else as his body was so tight, every muscle twitching and flexing. His own cock was just drooling cum like a broken faucet, the pressure and the rubbing against his prostate was indescribable.
Steve groaned as he watched Bruce finally unzip his pants. Fuck yes. Finally this was happening. Bruce hadn’t even taken off his clothes, which Steve didn’t mind. When he was in the army some men just wanted a nice hole to fuck or a quick release between some beautiful cleavage, so there was no need for them to take off their uniforms.
The soldier stopped at Tony’s bedroom door, still turned away from Clint. “Are you sure?” he asked, his voice shaking. “I meant what I said. I’m insatiable.”
“And they knew about your sex drive… how?” Tony glanced at Steve and cocked an eyebrow, but continued his task. “I walked in on a few of the men trying to get off by masturbation… Something happened, I couldn’t help myself.” Steve moaned, his hand picking up the pace. “I got on my knees and sucked them off right there. They didn’t even protest… god my uniform was so tight… ahhh- my huge cock got so hard when I sucked them. Their cum tasted so good. I needed more…” Steve was pumping his length with fast, long strokes.
Even though he knew any more stimulation would make him cum, suddenly just nipple play and humping the mirror didn’t satisfy him. Steve drew his right hand up to his mouth and took his index and middle fingers inside. He let his saliva pool under is tongue and lapped at his fingers, coating them in wetness and drew them out. He turned his head and rested his cheek against the mirror and stuck his ass out, then pulled his cheeks apart as best he could with his left hand and his right hand plunged his two fingers into his needy hole. He fucked himself hard and fast, adding a third finger seconds later. The side of his lips rested against the mirror and he licked the glass, wishing he could make out with himself. “N- not gonna last-“ Steve choked out between moans. “P- please-”
Steve washed himself thoroughly, turned off the shower, ran a towel over his body and through his hair before leaving the bathroom. He then noticed a note on the bedside table and next to it was a 10 inch long, 2 inch girth dildo. The note read “Plug yourself with me <3” Steve chuckled and he got to work, opening himself up and taking in that monster dildo, giving his hole a nice stretch. He wondered if Tony had plans for him, or if he merely wanted Steve to have it inside just because. Either way, Steve wasn't complaining.
The billionaire slowly lifted his head, still in afterglow of orgasm. “Hmm?” he asked lazily. “Ask Bruce.” Steve pressed.
Those words made Tony and Clint both groan. Steve’s gaze quickly flicked to them and yeah, they were touching themselves, getting off to such a beautiful sight. It filled Steve with such pride, so happy that the two were getting off by just watching how much his body could take.
Bruce continued to fuck the soldier hard, adding two fingers while he was at it, opening him up for more. Steve moaned loudly as his body was assaulted with pleasure, his cock drooling precum onto his quivering abs, insides slack, hole open begging for something bigger- bigger- oh god please-
“What!?” Steve whipped his head towards the door and sure enough Bruce was standing there. The man looked completely awestruck.
Steve’s pleasure senses were in overdrive and just hearing those words sent him over the edge, opening his eyes as he came hard. What he saw confirmed that from this moment on he wanted to be nothing more than The Hulk’s living sex toy.
“Keep going, beg for them to help me get off.” Steve groaned, rolling his hips upward into Tony’s fist. “M-maybe you could just fuck me in front of all the Avengers.” Steve paused and gazed hungrily at Tony.
Steve shifted and put his two feet on the floor. He turned to the full-length mirror that stood in back of them. “Look at that body, Steve. Don’t tell me you don’t consider yourself the hottest thing on this earth.” Steve hesitated for a second. He was with Tony, he’s done so much already, this little confession won’t hurt. “I do,” Steve admitted. “Sometimes I wish I could have sex with myself. That’s why… I like looking in a mirror. I love my body for some of the dirtiest reasons imaginable… But I…” Steve trailed off and brushed his shaft with the tips of his fingers. “I love being like this… able to cum for hours,” Steve took this dick in his hand, staring at himself in the mirror. “Taking big things inside my ass, loving intense pain, having men cum all over me-“ Steve stroked himself. “To have thirty men cum inside my mouth and my ass in one night-” Steve suddenly turned looking the genius in the eye. “Tony-“ his voice cracked, his eyes glazed over with hunger. Something in Steve’s brain snapped him back into that hyper lusty mode.
Steve bit his lip hard, holding back from cumming. He was overstimulated and hyper sensitive from the orgasm moments before. “Too much,” he managed to gasp out and he gripped the sheets tight enough to tear them to shreds.
No argument there. Bruce slowly brought his hand to Steve’s right nipple, took it between his thumb and index finger and gave it an experimental pinch. Steve’s eyes blew wide and he cried out in pleasure.
Bruce instantly pulled back, his mouth dropped open and his eyes widened as round as dinner plates. “What!?” He asked absolutely flabbergasted.
“I gotta get in on this!” Tony exclaimed as he sat on the bed. He watched as Bruce fucked into Steve and the two men made eye contact. They smiled to each other and Bruce pulled out and plunged back inside, finally bottoming out at the same time Tony pinched Steve’s nipples. Steve cried out and came all over himself. Bruce now continuously fucked him hard and Tony played with his sensitive tits.
Tony rode Steve faster, his rhythm becoming erratic and desperate. “Just cum, Steve.” Tony’s voice was shaking. “Cum like the slut that you are." Steve was almost thrashing around, unable to control his body’s spasms, moaning, panting… “Cumming!”
Steve stepped out of the shower and looked at himself in the mirror. He grinned, remembering the naughty things he did with his own reflection. He wanted to stroke himself, but he decided against it. If he was going to do that, he wanted a captive audience. He hoped Tony and Bruce were both waiting out in the bedroom for him.
The soldier reached his hand around his ass, hissing at the sting when he touched his cheek. He snagged the ring of his asshole with one of his fingers and pulled, stretching his opening a little. “You can use this…” Steve flexed, making his hole twitch.
After Steve’s third orgasm finally ended the soldier collapsed onto the bed, not caring about the huge pool of cooling cum. Once he finally snapped out of his lusty haze he looked around for Tony. He spotted the other man on the other side of the room, looking in a drawer.
Bruce sighed and scratched his head. “I’m not sure, we have a lot of work to do.” Bruce wanted in on the action but he had to complete his other duties first. Tony gave a small apologetic smile. “Sorry Steve, we’ll try. In the meantime maybe go to my room and have some fun with a few toys to take the edge off.”
Steve cried out with each smack, his cries turned to moans and soon he was a writhing mess at the mercy of Tony’s hands. “H-harderrrr! Mooore!” Steve cried. Each smack sent a wave of pleasure crashing into him, making his cock jump and twitch. The sting felt amazing, he hadn't felt so used and raw in so long! His eyes rolled into the back of his head, his tongue lolling out of his mouth. He smiled, completely lost in his masochistic pleasure. Tony’s mouth formed into an evil grin, Steve was so close.
“Mhmm, happens every time I get hard. I’m insatiable, so ravenous for it.” Steve paused and bit his bottom lip. Suddenly Steve stepped out of the elevator and down the hall. He had to get to Tony’s room, this is too much. He was getting off on Clint eyeing him. He didn’t want to cum like that, not if Clint wasn’t interested.
“Sounds like you’re the one being fucked from all the noise you’re making. There are so many ways that I can make you undone...” Tony gave a wicked smile. “You’re completely at my mercy, even with your cock in my ass."
Steve’s head shot up, looking at Tony, his eyes wide. “But-“ He went to reach out and touch Tony’s dick, but the older man caught him by the wrist. Tony was well aware that Steve could easily overpower him, but he didn’t think the soldier wanted to be on top.
Once Clint forced every last drop of cum into the soldier he finally drew him off. Clint grinned as he looked down at his handiwork.
He felt the bed sink on either side of his hips and Tony’s hand wrap around his cock. Suddenly he felt a warm tightness around him and with a startled gasp Steve’s eyes snapped open.
“Do you require my assistance with anything, sir?” Jarvis asked as Tony was finishing putting clean sheets on the bed. “No, Jarvis thanks.” Tony glanced at the bathroom door. About twenty minutes had gone by since Steve had gone into the bathroom.
The super soldier held Tony’s face there, all the younger man could do was fuck Steve’s hole. The lewd sounds Steve was making were absolutely sinful. He thrust his ass back onto Tony’s tongue trying to take him deeper. Tony’s nose was squished against Steve’s ass so tight he thought it was going to break any second, not that he cared one bit at the moment. This was the first time Tony physically experienced Steve’s strength first hand, and damn if it didn’t turn him on. He kept fucking Steve with this talented tongue, loving the feeling of Steve’s velvety walls incasing it. Tony unconsciously wrapped his hand around his own dick and began to stroke it. Tony moaned loudly, sending a shiver down the soldier’s spine.
Clint’s gaze roved back to Steve, still not convinced. “Are you sure about this?” he asked, brushing some of Steve’s sweaty blonde locks from his forehead. The soldier feverishly nodded, is eyes aglow with lust. “I- I’ve never- mmmmmm... been more- uuugh- su- sure of anythiiing-“ he managed to say through low, needy moans.
Steve opened his lips to reply and he let out a long moan as he felt a cock slip deep inside his ass. Bruce was fucking him with a brutal pace, hands clasping Steve’s hips nice and tight. The soldier’s hole was gaped and sloppy, making such lewd sounds as he was pounded into nice and hard.
Steve was so wrecked in pleasure, his back arched, neck bent back, uncontrollably drooling, hands gripping the sheets with a white knuckled grip, eyes rolled into his skull as his vision blurred. He was uncontrollably cumming and cumming, drenching himself further in ropes of thick white. The soldier couldn’t even see what was happening, but holy FUCK he could
Finally... FINALLY this is the chapter so many of you have been waiting for. I really hope you all enjoy it!! Thank you all for being so patient with me, I've been going through a really hard time this past year and seeing all the kudos, comments and bookmarks on my work has really helped me finally put this out there after so so long. Even if it takes me a long time to update, I'll never abandon this fic, I love it too much to stop, even if life knocks me around and gets in my way.
Tony shut his eyes and audibly swallowed making Steve groan, his cock throbbed once more, replacing the swallowed jizz and then some. So thick. So much.
Steve, Tony and Clint made their way to Tony’s room and Steve almost groaned when he saw Bruce sitting on Tony’s bed, waiting for them. He knew where this was going. Finally the three of them were going to fuck him.
Clint watched for a moment as he stripped himself of his clothes, studying how undone Steve had become, how red his face was, every muscle in his body tensing and contracting in pleasure… Listening to the sounds of the hot kiss, Steve’s pornographic moans and the sound of a dildo gliding in and out of his slack hole. He was so… perfect. Clint finally knelt down next to the bed and and gently kissed Steve on his hot, flush cheek. “You’re so damn beautiful…” he breathed in the blonde’s ear.
“Ohh Steve-“ Tony sighed in between kisses he covered the soldier with. The water from the shower cascaded on them both. “Did you notice how Bruce became so possessive of you?”
“I think a tiny part of you wanted to get caught.” Clint’s eyes were now fixed on Steve’s crotch as he continued to stroke it. “You definitely have an exhibitionist streak in you.”
As Steve read on his heart began to pound faster. He could feel himself growing hard in his own pants. Wait, what!? This wasn’t supposed to happen! Steve tried to tear his eyes away, but he kept on reading. God this is so...
They both pulled away from the kiss and cried out, cumming at the same time. They rode the aftershocks of orgasm embraced, riding out the last drops of cum on each other’s thigh. They slumped to the floor and laid on their backs, panting. Both a mess, so sweaty and undone. Of course Steve was still straining against his cum soaked pants.
Steve turned his head to look at her. “N- No… It’s too early to spar, don’t you think?” Steve tried to sound natural. Natasha raised an eyebrow. “O… kay,” she said as she turned back to her workout.
Steve spasmed and came, smiling as he felt Tony fill him up moments later. “You sick kinky slut,” Tony breathed as he draped himself on top of Steve’s broad back, his softening cock still inside that amazing heat. “You have some insane fetishes.”
Steve did as he was told and stood, then faced the full length mirror. "Look at yourself.” Tony came up behind the soldier and wrapped his arms around his waist. He stood on his toes and grazed the outside of Steve’s ear with his teeth. “Look at your slutty body.” he whispered, his voice a low growl. Steve visibly shivered, looking at every inch of himself in the mirror. He groaned when Tony’s fingers traced the head of his length. “Do as you’re told and I’ll do anything you want me to do to you. Fail and we start all over again.” Tony said firmly.
All eyes were on Bruce and he nodded slowly. “I can’t keep hiding in fear... and you’re willing... I need to try.”
“Fuuuuuuuck~” Steve wailed, his boneless arms finally finding the strength to move, if only a little. His hands clapped against his cum drenched skin, pressing it against his distended belly, feeling the length pull from his body with a wet pop before he was pushed back onto the cock. His hands were pushed up as the cock thrust inside. He moaned in satisfaction, staring up at The Hulk as he pressed down, knowing The Other Guy could feel the pressure.
“Steve, wanna take a shower?” Tony suggested, because damn they needed it more than ever. Steve’s eyes slowly opened, he absentmindedly licked his lips, swallowed the cum on his face and grinned. "Damn right."
As Steve sucked the billionaire's cock he reached around and slid one finger into his own needy hole. Tony’s jaw dropped as he watched Steve’s ass swallow a second finger, then a third just moments later. “You- ahh… fingered yourself beforehand?” Tony was impressed. Steve slowly sunk onto Tony, his cock hitting the back of the soldier’s throat and didn’t draw away. He looked up at Tony and gave a long groan, thrusting his fingers in deep.
The silence dragged on for a few more seconds until Bruce finally spoke. “How can I deny you, after asking for it so sweetly…” A small, teasing smile tugged on the scientists lips as he removed his fingers from Steve before slowly pulling the dildo from his gaping hole. “The safe word is alien, understand?”
“It’s fine, really,” Tony said with a wave of his hand. “If good old Cap was here right now I bet all my money that he would be getting off. I would love to run some tests and see what happens in his brain to make him all sex crazed, like he’s lost his mind.”
Steve stood there slumped against the door, his hand still wrapped around his hard cock. His breath rattled, still in the afterglow of orgasm. “I don’t care how you found out,” Steve’s voice was a low growl as he stared at Clint. “Just use me however you like…” Steve ran his free hand up his abdomen, pulling up his shirt, showing off his abs. His hand rested against his pecs and he rubbed up and down, feeling his shirt caress against his nipples. “Please,” he groaned, drawing out the vowel in a pathetic whine.
Steve’s face was bright red as he knelt there in utter shame. He needed to get out of here. “Sorry, Nat! I have to go!” Steve cried as he got to his feet and bolted out of there before she could see anything.
I finally got a beta!! Thank you dark-days-dark-nights-xx for giving me advice and being awesome! :> You were a great help and your encouragement was so nice to have. Thanks bunches!! <3
, watching this Tony get on so easily with everyone else, because Steve doesn’t know how to do that. Even now, he barely knows how to do that with Adult Tony, never mind with a kid who doesn’t know him and has absolutely no reason to trust him.
He’s run right around Manhattan by the time he returns to the tower, and the sun is now fully up, along with the people of New York. They smile at him and take pictures of him and he doesn’t put up a fight, just runs a little faster so he can get home quicker.
Steve should’ve thought of a snarky response, just like he normally did, but he was feeling far too overwhelmed to think of a comeback right then. Instead, he just huffed, shaking his head slightly before lunging forwards to hug Tony as tight as he could. “Don’t you dare do something like that again.”
“Seven, including you. You’ve not met Steve and Natasha yet, but you’ll like them. Natasha’s scary but she’s
“Awesome. I sent Coulson to get me the greasiest breakfast he could find, so he’s probably in line at McDonald’s right now? You like McD’s?”
“Thank you, Tony,” he says softly, taking the mug out of the kid’s hands and trying very hard not to down it like a shot.
he had a tape measure in his pocket, and carefully started measuring each of Steve’s fingers. As he did so, he (very casually) asked “Oh yeah, and is it also okay if I borrow your shield? Just… upgrades. I’ll make it lighter, etcetera, etcetera.”
“My…” Clint paused, trying to find the right word to use “…My better half died in the battle of New York. I’ve barely been able to sleep since.”
Bruce added to that with “and you’re a really important part of that, so I’ll be working as hard as I can to get you back to the right age.”
Steve doesn’t have to ask what Tony means, because he’s watched him from a distance: struggling to understand technology
Maybe it would be best if Steve cleared off for a while. Boston, maybe. DC. Anywhere but New York, because sure, he was delaying their meeting, but if he could just – if he could skip the part where Tony recognises him, where Tony resents him, and just come home when everything is back to normal. That would be. Easier. For everyone.
In hindsight, Tony reckoned, he probably shouldn’t have used the meme when writing the list, because he could see why people might think that he was joking. But really, he thought Bruce would know better than that. “But I
, at least Steve still had him, sort of. “Clint, the battle of New York was over two years ago…” he said gently.
“Coulson got hurt pretty bad a couple of years ago,” Natasha cuts in, her voice so even it’s practically robotic. “Clint gets worried it’ll happen again.”
Steve turned around to see Clint standing behind him, clutching a mug of hot chocolate. “Not really, no. You too?” Clint nodded, so Steve offered “Wanna sit with me?”
Tony was stood in a Tiffany’s store, wearing a hat and sunglasses in order to try and stop people from recognising him as he entered. This wasn’t really something that he wanted to be public knowledge. Unfortunately, though, since he was inside, he was expected to take them off. The shop attendants were already glaring at him. Probably thought he was going to try and steal something.
It’s dark outside by the time Thor returns with Frigga, and the Avengers all squeeze into Bruce’s lab while she quietly looks over Tony.
created, yelling at JARVIS, head tilted up to the ceiling the way Steve used to do, tears streaming down his face not in anger but frustration when he realises his favourite shows aren’t on TV any more, humiliation when he has to ask for help with something. He’s seen him sat at the window, staring down at this bustling, noisy city and not recognising any of it, and Steve is probably the only one who really
“Don’t look so surprised. It’s my job to know everything. But no need to worry, nobody else knows. Except Bruce, who you told earlier.” The agent paused for a moment, contemplating. “And Clint too, I suppose, since he’s currently hiding in the vents listening to this conversation. And if Clint knows, he’ll have texted Natasha about it by now, so… But Steve definitely doesn’t know. He’s always so oblivious like that.”
There’s an explosion, a big one, and it feels like the entire city is shaking. Something’s wrong, Steve feels it like a weight in his chest, but his eyes are still adjusting after the flash, and there’s too many people running screaming, drowned out only by the sounds of his teammates shouting into the comms.
Tony buries his face in Steve’s shoulder, hand reaching up to brush through his hair. “It’s okay, Steve. You did what you had to do.”
It had taken a month, but Bruce must finally have worked it out, because the minute Steve stepped out of the elevator he saw not the little kid he was starting to get used to, but instead the completely normal adult-sized Tony. He was so busy staring at him through the glass wall of the lab that he almost forgot to actually go
the lab. When he realised that he was being unnecessarily slow, Steve quickly rushed into the lab, joining the others standing around Tony.
eyes, making it so hard to look at the kid, so he shuts down his expression, says “I have to go,” far more sharply than necessary, and turns on his heels to walk away before he can hear a response.
place yourself, Tony,” he says, voice soft and patient, carefully ignoring the tears Tony was trying to blink away. “And you live here with all your best friends, and you have a workshop where you build things all day.”
However, if Bruce was going to say anything else, he didn’t get the chance, because Tony cut him off by handing him a list. Well, not so much ‘handing it to him’, more like ‘forcing it upon him’, but still.
This is his cue to leave. “Seven,” Bruce replies, giving Phil a subtle nod as he edges to the kitchen. “Engineering, mostly. A couple in computer science.”
“My name is Agent Phil Coulson, I’m with the Strategic Homeland Intervention and Enforcement Logistics Division. SHIELD. You know it?”
The battle of New York is over, and the reports are in. Thousands of people dead, countless buildings destroyed.
“Get the others, Hawkeye,” Steve orders, holding up his shield as he talks in anticipation of Natasha running towards him to take a jump, knives at the ready to stab in under the armour when she lands. “War Machine, you reckon you can lift them?”
, because one of the beetles make a loud noise and rolls over in the street, crushing a few cars as it goes.
Nobody is speaking; they are all too exhausted to form coherent sentences, can barely keep their heads up, and so they eat in silence. It is not an uncomfortable silence, nor is it a comfortable one. It simply is, because there is nothing that any of them can do to take it away. Steve wonders what, if they could bring themselves to speak, they would say to each other. This was a group of people who barely knew each other, hadn’t even gotten along to begin with, and yet they still came together to save the world. None of them have anything in common, as far as Steve is aware, except for maybe Barton and Romanoff. He can tell they have a history, but of what, he couldn’t say. But no, no common interests to discuss. Perhaps they would discuss the battle? But then again, perhaps not. Today, they had all witnessed more destruction than any person, any
Tony looks over at Rhodey who, clearly uncomfortable, slides off his seat and heads over to the kitchen, where the rest of the team seem to have retreated to as well. Natasha looks the same as always, besides a barely noticeable twitch in her right eye when she looks over at Clint and Coulson. Bruce looks like a different person, pale and exhausted and in weirdly ill-fitting clothes. He has no idea if Steve looks normal or not, because he’s only seen the guy a couple of times, and the last guy must be Thor, who Rhodey told him is either a god or an alien, but either way is super cool and he can
They sit in silence for a few minutes, Tony letting himself relax around Clint and Clint pretending not to notice.
“I thought we agreed to never speak of that again. And this isn’t crazy, not at all. It’s a very good, very carefully thought out plan.”
“I have missed you too, Captain,” Thor bellows, and shit, Steve must have said that out loud. “We need to remove these creatures, where is the Hulk?”
As he opened up the box to reveal the rings, Steve’s eyes quickly darted between the rings and Tony, multiple times. Okay, so maybe he was a bit shocked. “Steve, it has recently come to my attention that I am in love with you. If you don’t feel the same, stop me talking at any time, but here’s the thing. I don’t want to date you. When I date people, things go wrong. It’s not pretty. I don’t want that to happen with you, so no. I don’t want to date you. But I also don’t want to not be with you, so obviously this was the most logical option.”
So maybe this is their last chance to all be in one room together, maybe they should be talking, saying their goodbyes. Instead, they just keep eating.
Thor had known him when he first arrived on Earth from Asgard. Coulson had been head of the team in New Mexico, where they had found him. He didn’t know how Thor was coping with his death; he was back on Asgard now, dealing with Loki and the tesseract.
Great, so they can stop the creatures running but they can’t stop them writhing around in the streets, causing more property damage than when they were mobile. “Coulson, can SHIELD – “ he starts, thinking there might be a way to airlift them out, when the sky turns grey and five individual shots of lightning come down and hit them.
“Agent Barton.” The AI greeted before talking to Tony “Hello, Master Stark. My name is JARVIS, and you created me.”
One day, Tony is lifting a slab of concrete that had come up from the road, and the computer in his helmet must have made some kind of error in its calculations, because no sooner than Tony lifts the slab up, he comes crashing back down. Steve waits for him to hit the ground, before running to him. He wonders if this is what a heart attack feels like. Even when Tony lifts up his mask and starts cracking jokes, the feeling lingers, like a heavy weight in his chest, constricting his breathing and making him start to think that maybe death would be preferable.
He takes Tony to SHIELD’s medical department, doesn’t leave his side as they patch him up, taking the time to reassure Steve that he’s fine, the damage is only minor. The pain in his chest doesn’t lift until Tony is leaving, going back to his tower to ‘rest’. It’s unlikely that he
People are always saying how running helps clear the mind, leaves you with only one thing to focus on. That’s never been the case for Steve. When he was a scrawny kid with something to prove, running was pain and wheezing and knees buckling under the pressure. Now, running is so effortless that he doesn’t have to think about it at all. His joints never ache, his breathing is never laboured, he never breaks a sweat. He could probably keep up the same pace indefinitely, but anyone who’d tried to test that (read: Tony) had got bored after the first few hours.
Besides the general mourning over the loss of good people, Steve does not grieve. He is new to this world, hasn’t formed any proper attachments yet. He thinks, if he misses anyone, it is Agent Coulson. But ‘miss’ isn’t really the right term for it, not exactly. It is more a feeling of regret, that this man was willing to die for the Avengers, even though he wasn’t required to. Steve thinks that they would have been good friends. He will never know for sure, though. It is too late for that. He had looked at old files on the man, wanting to know what they had lost, and discovered that almost all the Avengers but for him had at least associated with him in the past.
“Right now? And you didn’t think to tell me in advance? I could be busy, for all you know.” Tony raised an eyebrow at that, and Steve glanced down guiltily “Okay, so I’m not technically busy. But I might have been!” And the eyebrow went up again… “Fine, fine, I’ll come. Do I need to change into something fancier?”
“Obviously.” At that, Steve felt relief wash over him. Maybe the de-aging was only in appearance, maybe it hadn’t affected memory. “You’re wearing the uniform, after all. And my father’s been looking for you for as long as I can remember.”
how you know my middle name, and I can’t believe I’m about to say this, but…yes, Tony. Yes, I will marry you.”
Clint waves his free hand around vaguely, taking a few moments to reply. “Missing someone,” he replies, voice suddenly turning dark. “Losing someone.”
She’s also the best in the team at video games, which is why most evenings they end up slouched on the couch together, controllers in hand while the others cheer Tony on and boo Natasha. (She still wins every time. Tony’s having too much fun to care.)
“PhD,” Bruce replies, so quickly that his words practically cut Tony’s off. He nods in approval. “Bio-chemistry and nuclear physics.”
thing to say, but he pushes the thought out of his mind. “Nope, not lying. It was you who found me, actually.”
he shouldn’t have jinxed it. Tony and Steve glanced at each other, sharing a look that said ‘what can you do about it?’, before Tony called his suit, and Steve got to evacuating the restaurant-goers.
“Quickest for me to get to the tower for babysitting duty, Cap, I gotcha,” Rhodey replies, and zooms off after Thor.
He doesn’t finish the sentence, apparently doesn’t need to because Clint has already jumped up and started leading him away, leaving the rest of them in awkward silence.
Clint’s an asshole, and Tony is absolutely relishing in the fact that he’s allowed to say that word. Clint thinks he’s very funny, which he is, but so far every single person he’s spoken to has told him not to let him
They’ve stopped walking, stood outside the tower, and Clint watches him. He’s waiting for a reply. Steve doesn’t have one.
There’d never been much point to making it exciting, when Tony spent all of his time in the workshop and Steve was either down there with him, in the gym, or in the living area. Now, though, Steve’s spending the majority of the time in here because it’s the only place that’s
Bruce is sitting quietly, cross-legged on an armchair when they get up to the living area. When he catches sight of them he very nearly flinches, but quickly puts a soft smile on his face and jumps up, holding out a hand for Tony to shake.
Steve just grips him tighter, and he’s not crying, Tony’s shoulder was already damp from inside the lab, or it wasn’t but who the fuck cares.
Tony wakes up in a huge, comfortable bed. The room around him is peaceful, the sheets are probably – no, definitely silk. It was a dream. It was all a weird, crazy dream, and now he’s going to open his eyes and get up and Jarvis will be making him breakfast.
As soon as he finished speaking, Tony grabbed Steve’s shirt and pulled him in for a kiss, grinning as the rest of their team made disgusted noises and started leaving the lab.
Tony was sat at the head of the table, the rest of the Avengers all facing him with grave expressions as they tried to work out what, exactly, to say to him. Steve couldn’t help but think what a sight they must be, the entire team looking like concerned parents talking to their child. Except that there were five of them. They’d make a weird family.
Tony thinks about this for a while, thinks about everything he’s had to experience in the past 24 hours.
It’s fine, Steve thinks. It’s probably fine. The blast probably just messed with his systems, he’s fine.
Natasha is looking at Clint with sad eyes, averting them whenever he looks her way. He knows that look, the one full of the kind of pity that everybody dreads to see. He had seen it in the war, always directed at others, never him. Until one day it was. He doesn’t like to think about that, although the memories still haunt him. Clint, however, Clint does not seem troubled. He is the only one of them that seems unfazed, quietly munching on his food. But anyone could see, in the way that Romanoff is looking at him, that something bad has happened. The kind of bad that would shatter his world. Steve can’t tell what that is, doesn’t know them well enough to understand (and if he’s being honest with himself, he doesn’t want to know. There is only so much tragedy that one can take in a day). Maybe Clint has blocked whatever happened out of his mind. That would be a good power to have, Steve can’t help but think to himself, the ability to leave your feelings behind. It seems more likely, however, that the archer doesn’t yet know what has happened. He would hate to be there when he finds out, wouldn’t want to witness yet another man falling apart.
