The other side of his mind said. That was enough for him. Sherlock swallowed down the remainder of his doubts, and nodded. "What do I have to do?"
even though I'm anything but. You are the only reason I have a heart, and I don't know why I love it so much, but you make me feel... Everything. I hate having a weakness, but if I was going to have one in the first place, I'm happy it's you. Which is why I can't let him get to you. I have to... I have to do what I can to keep you safe."
leave. I don't care. And not just because of this, I'm just... I cannot be with Mary anymore." He replied.
This time, Sherlock does laugh. It's a breathless, watery sound that's followed by a sniffle, but it's a laugh nonetheless. He hasn't laughed in
And suddenly, he's being crushed to John's chest, the doctor's strong arms holding him so tightly he can barely breathe, but he doesn't care, because it's
John pulls away from him, his eyes rimmed with red, and he tries to glare, but it comes out half-arsed and looking silly, and Sherlock tries not to laugh. "You," He growls almost playfully. "Have a lot of explaining to do."
"Oh, I will." Sherlock replied. "Unless of course... You'd like to come take a look at the cases with me. Just to look. You'd be home before midnight."
Dana smiled and lifted her glass of wine to her lips. "He saved my life first." She reminded them. She shared a look with Sebastian Moran across the table, who also knew what it meant when Dana Carlisle had a debt to pay, as he had been in that situation before. The two locked eyes, but only for a moment. There wasn't much to say after that.
Seb only laughed and leaned down to kiss his husband. "Dana and Irene will be here in a bit." He said, going back to the stove.
Sherlock's own smile lightens the entire room. "Well, there you have it. You're a bisexual ex-army doctor who's in love with a gay consulting detective and now you're stuck with me. People are going to talk, they always will, they'll invalidate you, but just know that they're all idiots anyway and their opinions don't matter."
Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows. "But... Why? I mean, why tell John about Mary? Why do all of this for me?" He asked, trying not to sound rude for once.
Hi everyone! So, this chapter is in the form of a letter sent by Effie to our boys. This is to (hopefully) explain everything and tie up any loose ends. BUT, the story is NOT done yet. I plan on writing two more chapters, then we'll be done. So, do not fret, my lovelies, there is still more!!
He silently thanked John for the letter. It made it easier to breathe. He may be without John for now, but for now, the letter is enough.
who shot him..." He shook his head, blinking away the sudden appearance of tears. "Now she's doing this again, and if she kills him, it'll be my fault, and I can't do it again, Greg, I can't. I love him too much to watch him..." His voice trailed off, and he almost had to reach out for the wall to keep himself from falling down, but he had more self control than that.
The question confused him, and he had to do a double take. "Yes. Yes, of course everything's alright. Why?" He asked.
"John!" Sherlock ran forward and dropped to his knees in front of the army doctor's body, and gripped the sides of his face out of pure panic. "John, are you alright?"
Jim let out a breathless laugh. "Oh, Sebastian, behave yourself." He chided, although he was secretly thrilled.
But, the DI picked it up anyway, and immediately, his eyes went wide, and his head shot up. "It's him, John."
Nothing in the world prepared Sherlock for the sight he saw when he found John Watson at the hospital again.
Sherlock got off of his partner's lap and pulled him by his hand over to the black sofa where he lay back and allowed John to tower over him. The weight of John's body against his sent a wave of heat over his skin. John's fingers were pulling at the buttons of his shirt, ready to slip it off of Sherlock's slender shoulders, but, he stopped to bite down again on the sweet spot. Sherlock threw his head back against the sofa, holding back a noise of pure ecstasy. Sherlock was found to be quite vocal in bed, which of course, only turned John on more. When John ran his fingers down the exposed skin on his chest, all the way down to his hip bone, every nerve ending in his body lit up like it were on fire, and the feeling was almost enough to make him cry out as John's hand travelled lower...
Sherlock tries to breathe. "Mycroft?" He whispers, his voice coming out weak and croaky like it had when he first woke up in the hospital almost two weeks prior.
Okay, so, you're probably sick of hearing this from me, but I'm going to say it again, because I feel fucking awful, and you guys deserve an explanation. Whether you choose to accept it as an excuse is up to you, but I feel terrible, so here goes.
John Watson has always been the person to believe that, no matter what happened, life always went on. Time passes, you get older, you grow tired, and eventually... You forget. You don't forget the person, but you forget the pain. After all, if you have to live with it every single day of your life, can you
The tall one had hissed before spitting on him. He had felt the wetness of it hit him on the side of his neck, and he had wanted nothing more than to wipe the filth of it away, had he not been shackled to the wall. Then the tall one had said something about light, and walked out. His broken, pathetic mind could not be half bothered to translate the Russian, and then he was gone, and he was alone.
After the case, the husbands arrive back home, breathless and heads spinning from the high, and they barely make in up the steps before they're stripping off cloths and gasping for one another while they collapse onto the bed, neither one completely certain how they made it to the bedroom. They sink into the covers, savoring every inch of each other's bodies, savoring every breath, every gentle brush of skin... This has very little to do with sex. This has very little to do with being rough and holding back screams as they sometimes had to do. This was about the closeness of their physical bodies, and wanting to be connected in every way they possibly could be. They were together, emotionally, mentally, legally, of course, but this, this was about the feeling that rushed through the bloodstream at every passionate touch when their atoms sparked and every brush felt like a fire. This was about taking each other apart piece by piece, and filling the space with their pure love and devotion for one another. This was about reminding one another that this, being together, was not chimerical. Not anymore.
Effie nodded at him, then crouched down to rock back on the balls of her feet. He avoided her eyes, but he saw her hands start to pull at the restraints that held his hands to the chair, and immediately looked up. She smiled at him, giving him her best
Why those words? Why that message? Why would the kidnapper give him this? His best friend had been taken and could be dying, perhaps adding insult to injury was what they were trying to do. Make him sore and crack.
Effie nodded slowly. "Just like you betrayed your husband, and the man who called you his friend. Twice."
Mycroft makes a face. "Well... There was a lot of screaming. Then, once she calmed down and promised to keep quiet, she said she would have the place ready for you."
From behind one of the large cement pillars ahead, a small figure stepped out to greet him. It was a woman, average in height, but strong and lithe. She was dressed in all black, her outfit identical to Mary's the night she put a bullet through his chest. She didn't have a hat on, nor was she wearing gloves, but everything else was identical. Her pixie cut hair was dyed black, but Sherlock could tell by the very slightly grown out roots that she was in fact a natural blonde. She was in her very early thirties at the latest, English, but there was a light trace of a Ukrainian accent in her voice, obviously she hadn't lived there in a long time. Her eyes were a crisp ice blue, typical for the dialect and country.
He thinks back to John at home, kind, protective, loyal John Watson, and smiles fondly. He remembers the sense of pride he felt when he figured out that John had more or less told Mycroft to shove his bribe money up his arse. Their near instantaneous friendship was something that Sherlock looked back on often.
John's whole body seemed to sag forward in the chair, but he quickly sucked in a sharp breath to compose him. He ran a hand over his face. "Thank you."
The noise that came from Sherlock was nothing less than a sob, and without so much as a passing thought, he all but threw his arms around John's shoulders and buried his face in his shoulder, listening John's soft, breathless laughter in his ear. "Of course you can come home, John, I'd love you to come home." He whispered.
The Ukrainian shook her head. "No, you're right, I won't, but at least I repaid my debt. To myself, and Mr. Sebastian Moran."
Sherlock smiles, then bites at his lip, and his face falls into a soft look of sympathy, and his hand reaches up to brush at John's cheek. "Seriously, though, you don't actually think I care that you're older than me, do you?" He asks carefully.
She shrugged. "Isn't that enough? I like Mary, Sherlock, but she's an animal, darling, and she needs a cage. She caused too many problems for a lot of people, didn't follow orders, and people got burned."
The Ukrainian nodded and took a sip of her wine. "I sent a long, long fucking letter to them the other day with no return address that explained everything. I'm still desperate for baby pictures, but I doubt I'll see the beautiful child until I go visit." She replied cheerfully.
Sebastian was tearing clothes out of the drawers and the closet, throwing them all in his duffle bag from Afghanistan, leaving things everywhere. He had his back to the door, but it was easy to see that his hands and arms were shaking terribly from the rage coursing through his body. "They've called me back." He said dryly.
His words make John freeze in his tracks, and he looks back to see Sherlock watching him with a shy, nervous smile, and it almost breaks John's heart in two. He quickly leans down and pulls him in for a kiss, letting his fingers curl around the back of his neck, and when he lets go, he presses his forehead against Sherlock's and kisses the tip of his nose. "Yes. Just like us. Fuck the closet."
which is around eight hundred quid a bottle, so you're obviously wealthy, but you don't indulge in the wealthy life style other than your choice of fragrance. You have a small penthouse apartment in New York where you have a dog, probably a German Shepard. You're quite intelligent, but you spent your time training instead of attending school, which means you started young. You're sarcastic, rude, and you don't work well with anyone, which is why you're freelance, because no one can stand to be in the same room as you." By the time the detective finished talking, his words were dripping poison.
"Nope." The doctor sighed and pushed himself up, crawling over Sherlock and making an attempt to straighten himself out (which Sherlock found ridiculous, because the baby wouldn't know). "I'm going to go see what she needs."
The young nurse laughs, throwing her head back, but says nothing in response. When she's done, she smiles sweetly at him, and nods. "Alright, mister, you get some rest. I'll go clear you with the doctor, alright?"
Sherlock breathed deeply, inhaling John's scent of tea and sunshine and everything wonderful in the world, and right before he fell asleep, he remembered how lucky he was to have John Watson. It was a miracle he survived, but, that was their life. No matter how beaten or bruised he was when he came out of the wreckage, he'd always come home to Sherlock.
Two years has taken it's tole. Mycroft knows this, though he won't say it, but it has. After two years underground, dismantling the network, chasing down criminals, killing, being beaten, every single moment has brought the detective almost to his knees from exhaustion, and every single night, all he's been begging for was a chance to go home. He's tired. No, he's exhausted. His body is exhausted, from his muscles, to his bones (which makes him feel like he's eighty), to his mental exhaustion, and if he's honest, all he wants is to sleep for a hundred years. At home. At Baker Street. In his bed. With John Watson not too far away. Or beside him, or whatever. The thought makes his heart jump, which Mycroft notices, but says nothing, and suddenly all Sherlock can think about is John.
He was the sun rising in the morning, the smoke of his high, the cherry on top of the ice cream, the brightest star in his sky, and all of the silly, ordinary clichés that he could think of. He gave him butterflies and fireworks and made him want to sing and dance in the rain during a terrible storm. He had a voice that reminded the Irish man of rustic cities, and warm fires during the winter while you watch the snow come down in tiny flakes. He made him feel like warm cookies fresh out of the oven. He had been brought up to believe that he could never feel a thing, but there were days that Sebastian would say something, or even just look at him with gentle, loving affection, and for a brief moment, Jim Moriarty would forget his own name. He loved him so much that it hurt, and the pain of it was beautiful.
The Ukrainian seemed unaffected by the rudeness, but Sebastian gave him a glare. "Jim, this is Dana Carlisle, professionally known as Effie Taras. She's the best damn sniper I know, besides myself, and the best agent. 'Course she's not an agent anymore, but she's still damn good." He said, admiring the pretty Ukrainian.
Mycroft's words settle in his mind, and suddenly a few things click into place. It makes sense for Mycroft to be there, he remembers his voice shouting his name while he had been 'drowning', as he remembers thinking it was before, when in reality, it was the drug concoction they had put him on. He suppresses a shudder. "How beat up am I?"
The elder Holmes nods at him slowly, and pulls his hands away at an almost snail-like pace, as if he's afraid to startle him. He sits back down in the awful chair, not once letting his gaze drift from his younger brother. "Nightmares, brother?" He inquires, though it sounds more like a matter-of-fact statement than a question.
The Ukrainian nodded. "As am I. The man's brilliant, he'll find a way. So, Jim, you have to tell her that if she wants to stay alive and out of prison, she has to make sure he
The detective rolled his eyes. "When she interrupts what could have been a brilliant session of afternoon sex, she's
The detective drained his beer, made a rather disgusted face, and then got to his feet. "Well." He started to say as he threw his coat over his shoulders. "I have some more cases at home, so I should be going."
A man of almost forty steps out of the cab, grabs his grocery bags and steps inside his flat by the street. It's his day off from the clinic, so he puts the food away, makes himself a cup of tea, then sits in front of the television and puts on a mind numbing show. He doesn't pay much attention, eventually getting up to do a little house work, which isn't anything he enjoys, but he deals.
Sherlock stiffened as his heart rate began to climb. "I had to solve the murder, John. I had to know how Moriarty survived. You know that."
Sherlock takes a deep breath as his heart rate returns to normal, and he turns his gaze away from his brother to the ceiling. "I failed, Mycroft. I didn't finish the job, and they knew I was connected to you, that's why they wanted me dead. That was my last mission, and I failed it."
Sherlock rolled onto his back, just as John fired the gun and the bullet sailed past Jason Kelleher's right shoulder, startling the ex-soldier, and causing him to misfire the gun, and send his own bullet into the wooden boards in the wall. Sherlock, now on his back, drove both of his feet into the man's knees, sending him back onto the floor, giving Sherlock enough time to jump to his feet and join John a few feet away.
John took a deep breath and got down on his knees in front of the chair, still holding Sherlock's hand tightly with his own. He offered him a smile, one that he knew melted Sherlock's heart like ice in the sunlight. "If there is one thing in the world I have learned in my years as a doctor, I've learned that you can't always win. Okay, sure, Dana Carlisle did get the better of us, but, she did it for you. And, look what that got us, yeah? Moriarty is retired, married, and never coming back. We got the baby, and I personally think we're doing just fine, not to mention the best part."
He had no way to contact Mycroft, as they had taken his phone, and disabled any other way of communication toward anyone, so Mycroft had no clue where he was. Every instinct he has is telling him him to just stay put, that Mycroft will find him, but he decides not to listen.
But, just as his eyes begin to slide close, and the voice begins to fade, the sound of beating helicopter blades starts to echo across the desert.
bit frightened that Jim Moriarty is still alive and that he'll come after you once he realizes what you've done!"
Sherlock crossed the room as slowly as he could and picked up the letter, turning it over and over in his hands. He didn't know what to expect from it, was it going to be funny? Was it going to be sad? Was it going to make him feel the gentle warmth in his heart again like he had felt when they first met? Or the butterflies that kept him up at three in the morning so he could text John 'just a little bit longer'? He wasn't sure exactly what to expect from a letter from his boyfriend overseas, but he knew that he was slightly afraid of it. He was afraid this letter would make him worse. It would make him feel more alone. The letter could do that.
But, then, just as quickly as the kiss itself happened, John's lips were gone, leaving Sherlock panting and winded, just short of begging for more. He knew his face was beet red, and he was satisfied to see that John's was as well. It was a wonderful sight.
"My pleasure, Mr. Moriarty. Tell you what," She said, turning to Sebastian. "Bassy, you go make me a cup of coffee, and once that's done, we'll talk."
Slowly pulling himself out of Sherlock's arms, he gets out of bed and pulls his jeans back on, not bothering with a shirt. He looks over at Sherlock's sleeping form, and smiles to himself, not understanding how someone so gorgeous could look even more beautiful while they sleep. The thought makes him laugh, and he gently brushes his fingers over his cheek before turning to leave.
Sherlock did everything he could to not think about John during the time before their next Skype call, though the calls were always wonderful.
"Of course." Sherlock nodded briskly. "Thank you for inviting me out, John, it was nice to see you."
"Oh, really?" He demanded casually, pushing past Jim and stepping into the bathroom to get his toothbrush. He didn't look him in the eye, not once, he just continued to pile things in his bag, ignoring Jim completely.
And then, like a child, he broke into tears, and buried his face in the pillow, all while Mrs. Hudson hushed him and held him. He didn't even hear Greg leave, but it wasn't until the DI returned with a call from Mycroft that he could see his eyes were misty and and red as well. John Watson was everyone's friend, everyone loved him, and now that he was gone...
"Come here." Seb stuck his hand out to his partner, and pulled him gently to his feet to wrap his arms around his waist and crush the smaller man to his chest.
Suddenly, a small smirk etched its' way across his face, and he got to his feet, pulling his mobile phone out of his pocket. He quickly dialed a number, and stepped away.
No matter how much time has passed, however, John sometimes still lies awake at night, staring at the ceiling and wondering
The detective pursed his lips. "What do you mean, 'little gift'?" He asked her carefully. "It's not a bomb, you wouldn't have said he was safe if it were a bomb. It's not an assassin either, so what the are you talking about?"
of pain, and pushed his near frantic boyfriend off him with a pained look on his face. "Be careful, love. I'm covered in bruises, and have quite a few burns."
He tries to focus in on the voice, but it's muffled against everything else. He feels something thick enter his veins, and suddenly the white room becomes blurred around the edges. In the back of his head, he knows what it is, but he can't-
Sebastian suddenly became really quiet, and he froze where he was, his eyes locked onto his partner's face.
Terror, real, gut-wrenching terror welled up behind his heart, and he thought back to every moment where he had been saved by John Watson, every criminal they chased, every murder they solved, every single moment with John Watson, and every single time he could have lost him, but never did. John Watson couldn't leave him.
Twenty-seven and a half minutes later, Jim and Sebastian were out in the living room of their penthouse, the mess in the bedroom forgotten, when the doorbell rang. The soldier got up quickly, and opened the door, a soft, almost cheeky smile spread across his face. "You coming my way, doll?" He asked playfully.
He sat there for a moment, smiling like an idiot and allowing himself to cry, allowing himself to miss John, because he had been right before. It was easier to be by himself now that he misses John, but has something of his to help himself cope. He finds himself suddenly laughing, and he takes a moment to brush at the wetness in his eyes.
He had whispered to him after a rather grueling mission and an even bigger fight that, for the first time since he was a child, left Jim in tears at the utter fear that Seb would leave him. He had threatened him, called him awful things, threatened to replace him, told him he was disposable and that he would turn him into shoes, screaming until he was hoarse and red in the face. Finally, the persona crumbled, and he broke down into tears, begging the soldier not to leave, all while he continued to sob uncontrollably in the quiet room, losing every bit of strength he had. He remembered how Sebastian's rage filled eyes had softened almost instantly, and he gathered the smaller man in his arms, pressing their foreheads together, and speaking so softly, it was nearly impossible to hear him. The words still made his heart skip.
"I mean that my record is completely clear. According to them, I work for the Secret Service. I know it was his brother's doing, but, it's still wiped clear. I don't know why he did it, he just did."
A shot rang out through the alleyway and Greg Lestrade watched as the robber fell to the ground. He lowered his gun and let out a heavy sigh as he approached the now unconscious figure on the ground. There was a cut on his cheek from where he had been kicked, but he ignored it. Getting down into a crouch, he rolled the criminal over, and checked for weapons, which they had none of, as they had just dropped their gun a few feet away, and was careful to avoid the gunshot wound. Gently, he curled his fingers under the soft knit of the ski mask, and pulled it carefully off of the robber's face. He saw the familiar facial structure and features, and his heart skipped a beat. "Jesus Christ..." He whispered in shock.
Although it was bad to give into temptation, Sherlock was like a drug, and John Watson was an addict with no intention to stop.
He and Dana shared a brief hug, which was still a bit strange for Jim, although he had to say, he didn't mind. "You're looking good, Jim." She commented. "I expected Sebastian to plump you up a bit with all of the food he makes."
With every deep breath, his emotions seemed to float away in the crisp night air, and for a moment, Sherlock considered turning back.
Sherlock shook his head, making John give him a strange look. "I had it worked out with Mycroft when we went to clear everything up after that night that if, and this was still quite a large if at the time,
"We will take care of everything, you needn't worry. And as far as the British government is concerned, your name is cleared."
love more than just women, but no one believes that. Sometimes... Sometimes staying in the closet is easier when you're old like me." He pauses, and gazes back over at his partner, who has gone silent. He knows he looks tired, he can feel it. "Would you want someone like that?"
"John, I'm sorry, but we have to-" He was cut off as a loud crunching sound echoed through the now burning building, and right behind him, a section of the ceiling fell, sending bits of debris flying around them as the fire continued to spread.
The man's heart began to pound, and he placed the phone back on the table as he sank into the chair on the balcony. He felt tears pricking at his eyes, and he hunched over in the seat, fisting his hands in his hair.
"Do you think she's telling the truth about Moriarty?" The doctor asked a bit nervously. "I mean, the man is a psychopath, no doubt about it, I just can't see him getting married, having a house, having a
Effie, who was still holding up her gun, smirked, her almost draconian blue eyes glinting mischievously. She was getting ready. She was enjoying this.
The door opens, and nurse Emi in all her smiling glory comes striding into the hospital room, and waves his release papers around in the air. "You're a free man, Mr. Holmes!" She says cheerfully, handing the forms over to his brother. "And Mycroft, whenever you're ready, there's a car waiting to take you to the airport. Don't worry about the doctor, he's just cranky." She winks at Sherlock, who cracks a smile.
John sighs. "It's nothing, Sherlock. Please, just let it go." He answers, sounding a bit more desperate than he wants to sound.
Sherlock held up his weapon, the barrel of the gun pointing directly at Mary. "You really should have killed me when you had the chance."
Finally, his laptop turned back on, and he went right for Skype, his heart already pounding in anticipation. All he wanted to do was see John.
Effie nodded. "Of course, I changed my name, learned how to fight and became an assassin, but, yeah. I'm the little girl you saved the life of over twenty years ago." Her voice was quiet now, quieter than he had ever heard it before. When he looked at her now, he ignored the gun in her lap. She wasn't going to kill him.
He suppresses a shudder when the tall one presses his fingers (he would recognize them anywhere) to the wrong place on his throat, and he holds his breath, hoping he'll just leave. The tall one stays there for a moment, then pulls his hands away, and shouts a command in Russian.
John couldn't help but sigh at the confusion in his voice. He had to remember that Sherlock never just went out for a drink, and it always made him a little sad how Sherlock never seemed to understand what the concept of being friends meant.
That was what they called him. It translated to pig, but they used it to mean swine. They call him that because he's dirty, and he knows that. He feels it. The grime and the filth that covers his body, he feels it all. He feels the filth deep in his wounds, from the slices on his back to the open gashes on his face and arms and torso. Sweat from the days left in the hot cell while they left him on the very edge of madness with the heat while they denied him water. Dirt and sand from the floor where they left him to rot, never once letting him sleep. Dried blood. Saliva. Sometimes they'd piss on him too, just to shame him.
Jim nodded. "Wonderful. I'll get the table ready." He said, walking away. "Also, Adalina said she was going to check up on us later because I came home with four bottles of wine and she wants to make sure we're being responsible."
The doctor's lips parted, and he bit down on his tongue. "I'm in love with you, you idiot. Have been for years. Yes, I fucking need you."
"Good. We're in the basement. Hard to miss. I want you to come to the building, but, you must, for the sake of Sherlock's life, you
John felt panic seep into his words, but he knew he had to keep going. He had to push himself into soldier mode if he wanted to figure this out.
The doctor didn't even attempt to hide the smile that broke across his face. "I'll be there as soon as I can."
Sherlock thought. Angrily, he pushed past Mycroft, John right on his heels as he went searching for someone who would know. He passed several rooms on the way, but not one of them contained the Ukrainian woman. He and John made their way down to the desk at the front of the wing, putting on a charming smile for help. "Hi, sorry to bother you," He said to the woman being the desk. "But, I was wondering if Effie Taras is out of surgery yet."
And before Sherlock has a second to stop him, a gunshot rings out through 221B, drowning out his screams as John's body crumples to the floor at his feet, his blood spattered all over his feet-
With a gasp, Sherlock's eyes snapped open. He was staring at a ceiling made of cement and covered in ridiculous amounts of piping. The space around him was dimly lit, the only light source being the small glass plates on the wall that made strange pools of deep orange on the filthy ground. It was very open, despite the low ceiling. It was a basement, perhaps central London, deep underground, possibly basement floor. He knew that even if he yelled out for help, there would be no one to hear him. It was abandoned, and he was stuck. The detective was strapped down to a metal chair on the ground by both his ankles and his wrists. Whoever it was made sure that he wasn't going anywhere.
Mary screamed, her voice echoing off of the walls. Her eyes became steel, and they seemed to glint in the dim orange lighting. She cocked the weapon, and pointed it directly at Effie's chest. "You won't shoot me, I'm pregnant, but I can shoot you. I'll shoot you both right here and I'll just walk out of here. They'll never find your bodies. Never. I have an alibi. I'll just kill you both and get away with it."
he stays with Mary is because she's pregnant. He's a good man, Sherlock, he wants to do right by his wife and be the father he should be, and Hell be damned of he lets himself be happy over his child, but if there was no child, he wouldn't be sticking around. I think that's enough motive to commit a murder, don't you think? You would cost her millions, she still thinks she's under Jim Moriarty's orders,
"Sherlock!" John gasped in relief, turning around to signal Greg that it was actually him. "Sherlock, are you okay?"
you!" Mary shot back, her voice becoming higher and higher with hysteria. She was nearly on the verge of tears.
"It doesn't make any sense, John. Why would these guys take the time to bring you back to Baker St., but take him somewhere else?"
dead?" He demanded, his head swimming. All he could see in his mind was Jim's face on every screen, the words 'did you miss me' playing over and over and over... He shuddered.
The air in London was warm that night, unusually for that time of the spring, but it was sweet and warm, and the entire city was sleeping peacefully. Even the cars on the road at two in the morning were passive and considerate of those asleep in their beds while they hustled along. It was a gentle night in London.
A laugh breaks from John's throat, and he leans up to kiss Sherlock again, fully, lovingly, and with as much passion as he can manage, and when Sherlock kisses him back, it's unlike any kiss he has ever shared with any man or woman in his entire life, and it's the only kiss he'll accept now. This beautiful, gorgeous man is the only one who could ever make him feel good with his sexuality, which is more he can say about anyone else, and this is the only thing he could ever want. He loves Sherlock Holmes with all of his heart, and he could never, ever love anyone else.
Suddenly, John's lips were against his own, rough and hungry and passionate, and utterly breathtaking. Everything John Watson seemed to have held back before was placed into that kiss, and the soft, but audible whimper of shock and bliss was nothing Sherlock could ever bring himself to be embarrassed about. He barely had time to catalog the taste and feeling of John's lips on his own before he registered that doctor's hands were cupping the sides of his face, cradling his head and Sherlock's own hands were gripping helplessly at his coat.
He's sleeping in his hospital bed, the heart monitor slow and steady, the room darkened, and everything is peaceful. He's not quite asleep yet, just hovering in that place between sleeping and being awake and he knows that he's alone. He hears a fan from somewhere not too far away, and allows the soft humming to lull him to sleep, choosing to focus on it instead of the monotone beeping from the heart monitor. From the other side of the bed, he hears the door of his room open, and his initial thought is
Sherlock hated to agree with that statement, but, John was right. "She fooled everyone. Even me." He couldn't help but sound a bit disappointed.
John held his gave for a moment, then sighed, and stepped around his chair to sit down in front of the detective. He took Sherlock's hand between his own, and squeezed it lightly. "You forget, my love, that I know you better than anyone else on the face of the Earth. I know you're upset about something. Now, tell me. What's wrong?" He asked, his voice full of concern.
"Sherlock! Sherlock, snap out of it! Where's John?" Greg demanded, shaking the detective's shoulders.
But, the doctor didn't stop. "Sherlock, when I move back to Baker St., I will kiss you like that every single fucking day." He promised.
The two woman looked over to him in surprise, then both held up their weapons, although Effie was giving him a look that read
"No, Sherlock" He moved his arms to Sherlock's biceps and pulled him closer to him again, to the point that Sherlock could feel John's heartbeat on his own chest. "I don't care if it was for a case or not, it can't happen ever again. I don't think I'll be able to survive another overdose like the one I saw today. I will not lose you to something like that. I refuse. Whatever you think it does for you, makes you work faster, makes you think clearer, I don't care what you say. I love you and I don't want to see you destroy yourself." The doctor reached up, held Sherlock's face in his hands, and pressed a soft kiss to his forehead, then pulled him away just enough to look him in the eye. "This is the man I fell in love with, so please stop trying to take him away from me."
He was trying very, very hard, in fact, to not miss John. He did other things to occupy his time, experiments with various body parts, crap telly, hanging out with Greg and Molly (who had finally gotten together, which he made a point to tell John in one of their Skype calls), a mass amount of reading, solving cold cases, even getting into shows that he didn't care for before, but now helped him kill the boredom. At least there were killings in Criminal Minds, though most of them were obvious. JJ reminded him of John.
Sherlock suddenly pulled away just enough to look the doctor in the eye, though everything was blurry. "How are you not angry with me?"
He knows he shouldn't feel so upset, he works better by himself anyway, his best friend is happy, he should be content with the situation. But... Being alone again, in an empty flat, it starts to become too much.
"Sherlock." His brother warns him, his voice suddenly dangerously low and authoritative. "What is it?"
"Well, you did save his life. And Watson's for that matter." Jim said as he twirled a few strands of pasta around his fork.
"That's because he fancies you." He states without meaning to. His deductions have always been somewhat of a force of habit.
The detective didn't answer at first. He really didn't know why he was upset about the outcome of the incident, as he really had no reason to be. Moriarty was gone, he was married and retired to some remote city somewhere, where he was never coming back. Dana Carlisle was alive, dating a dominatrix, and working as her personal live-in bodyguard. He and John were together, they had a family, and while it may be a bit unconventional with their jobs and lifestyle, but it was a family all the same.
Everything happened so quickly then, although it seemed to move in slow motion as it played out across Sherlock's line of vision. Suddenly, Mary's gun was raised, and she fired one shot directly into Effie Taras' stomach, then rounded the gun on John just as he began to run forward. Sherlock panicked, his mind going completely blank for the first time, and he screamed, just as three more gunshots rang out through the cold warehouse basement.
It's nearly two before the man opens his eyes again, and the darkness of the flat confuses him, as it was only six o'clock when he first started. He resists the urge to call out to someone who he knows is no longer there, and eventually, with an exasperated sigh, he goes to put the kettle on the stove.
John threw the drawer open and pulled out the two guns that he hid under his jumpers. He quickly made sure they were loaded, then slipped them into the back of his jeans. By this time, Mary was already in the room with him, still utterly confused and terrified by her husband's actions, but he had no time for that. He had to find Sherlock.
"No, I won't stop, until I get an answer!" The doctor yelled. "What were you trying to do, Sherlock? Were you trying to-"
The detective narrowed his eyes. "Because you know something." He deduced. "You know something that Mary doesn't. Something about Moriarty."
Sebastian returned with her coffee after that (thankfully it wasn't it one of Jim's mugs), and held it down for her. She gave him a smile. "Bassy, you're a saint." She took a sip as the soldier walked around and sat down on the couch next to Jim. He took took the smaller man's hand in his own, squeezing it lightly. Dana said nothing, and put the mug down. "Okay, now. Debrief me. Tell me everything, leave no detail out, no matter how tiny."
The blonde's face changed very briefly, but she quickly smiled. "Oh, good, good. I'll catch you at home then?"
"Sherlock is perfectly safe, I assure you. I'll even let you talk to him in a minute, but I need to explain something to you first."
Also, this is the last official chapter of the story, but, there will be a short epilogue, which I hope you all will enjoy, and it will definitely wrap up the story.
His mind is still a tad blurry around the edges of the details, but other than that, he's not in as much pain as he was.
Upon arriving at his house, he told the cabbie to wait for him outside, and said he'd only be a minute. He stormed through the front door, startling Mary, who was still sitting up on the couch watching telly. She looked up at him in alarm as he stomped back to their room to grab his gun.
The intruder climbs up into his bed and straddles his hips, immediately taking the wind out of him, and his eyes fly open, right as the intruder covers his mouth with his hand, and removes the heart rate monitor from his finger to slide it on his own. The intruder is heavy, making it incredibly difficult to breathe and Sherlock's eyes flash wildly around in the darkness as he searches for a face, but he can't see a thing. He tries to call out for help, but his mouth is covered by the intruder's and it comes out muffled. He tries to fight him off, but, somehow, in his weak attempt, the assailant grabs hold of his hands, and slams them down behind his head. "You don't want to do that." The voice growls from above him.
Without saying another word, he turned away and went right back to the road, hailing a cab, and pulling out his phone to inform John, his heart pounding the whole time.
Sherlock sighed in relief. "You scared the hell out of me." He muttered. "Come on, John, we've got to get you out of here." He slipped his arms around John's middle, and began trying to pull him out from underneath the wreckage.
Sherlock felt John's eyes following him as he walked. He tried not to look up, because he knew that if he did, it would be nearly impossible to look away again. He sat down in his chair, keeping his eyes level with the ground the entire time. "You had a fight with Mary." He observed. He tried not to wince at the lack of a chilling bite to his words.
Downstairs, however, a child with a full head of blonde hair, naked and screaming with lungs powerful enough to shake the entire floor, lie flat on her back while doctors looked on. She didn't cry for long, she succumbed to sleep shortly after being cleaned and wrapped up in a blanket, but if there was one thing they could say about her, she was as healthy as any other baby, despite her troubling and tragic entrance to the world.
It's a very simple case, double murder in a parking garage, man and a women, obviously committed by an ex-girlfriend out of jealously. And idiot could figure it out, but he still took the case. Helped with the boredom.
It took John a minute to remember that the detective's room had been absolutely trashed when he barged in there the first time. Although the rest of the house was occasionally trashed, Sherlock, with his impeccable hygiene, always kept his bedroom clean. John swore under his breath as he looked the destroyed room over. Had this happened before or after they were kidnapped? The doctor started picking up papers and anything else on the ground. The man had no intention of touching the experiments, but they were pretty much destroyed anyway. "Come on, John." He grumbled to himself as he got to his feet. "What are you missing? They brought you here for a reason. Why?"
At the sound of his brother's voice, his violent fantasy comes to an abrupt end, and he suddenly realizes where he is as he takes in the light pouring in from the windows, and the sound of the erratic heart monitor at his bedside. Sherlock swallows hard against the panic, and turns to face his older brother, who is standing next to him with one hand at his shoulder and the other at his arm, and watching him with anxious eyes.
Just as Mycroft asked the question, the cab stopped outside of 221B. John quickly paid the fare and got out of the cab. "I'm at the flat. I'm going to look around. I may not be brilliant like you or Sherlock, but I can try." He answered as he stomped up the stairs, taking them two at a time. "There must be something I'm missing."
The detective snapped, ripping his arm from his best friend's grip and whipping around to tower over him. "What do you care, anyway? You got what you wanted." He knew the statement was harsh, he knew it the moment that the hurt touched John's steel like eyes, but this was no longer about avoiding the question, and more now about getting John Watson out of his flat. It was the truth, though, John got what he wanted, his wife, his unborn daughter, he got what he wanted, which was a normal life with Sherlock on the side.
Jim looked up at his penthouse with a sigh. He got out of the car, paying no mind to the rain that fell down in buckets, soaking his shoes and trousers, and was surprised to find that the door was already unlocked.
The woman cleared her throat. "Do you know where the old Cassidy Corporation warehouse is?" She asked.
Sebastian took a deep breath. "So... This is going to work out?" He asked, looking between Dana and his partner.
The doctor made a sound in his throat that sounded too much like a sob, then tightened his grip around the younger man's shoulders. "You're so beautiful, and so amazing, and I'm so sorry for what I've done to you. I promise, Sherlock, I promise that I will never let you feel that way ever again. I love you so much."
The man looked up at the sound of the gravely voice coming from the bedroom, the voice he was so in love with, even when it was heavy and rough from sleep. "Balcony." He called back.
"You should sleep, brother." Mycroft says, pulling him out of his thoughts. "It's a long way back to London after all."
He nods in a promise, then smirks at his brother over her shoulder. "Be careful, I think my brother's going to try to recruit you."
The criminal threw themself down back alleyways, barely able to hear the sound of sirens over the sound of their pounding heart. They could hear Greg Lestrade right behind on foot, and they tried to push their legs further, trying to put enough distance between them as possible. When they saw the fence they could climb to get away, they felt a wave of relief.
The letter dropped dropped from Sherlock's fingers onto the coffee table below, stealing the breath out of both men as they watched the heavy paper flutter away from them. It took them both a minute to recover from what they just read. After six months of waiting, they finally received word back from the strange girl they had all but presumed dead, but now that they had, they were unable to think.
"Well, I knew he didn't read that silly flash drive she gave him, quite stupid if you ask me, he should have read it first, so I decided to give him the chance to read it."
John's breathing went silent. "How was it easier?" His voice was heavy and raspy, not angry like it was before.
John Watson's mind was an incoherent mess. He was swimming in the dark catacombs of his thoughts, unable to open his eyes, unable to think of anything more to say...
So, he had savored it, and when Sherlock had sleepily buried his head in John's chest, John hadn't hesitated in wrapping his arms around him, and pressing gentle kisses to his face every now and again, just to hear the sleepy giggle that always followed. It was his new favorite sound.
Life for him was normal. He worked almost daily at the clinic now, he was helping people like he wanted to, like he had trained to do, but nothing would ever compare to the 'world's-only-consulting-detective's-assistant' job that he had over-indulged himself in on more than one occasion. He loved his job, he did, there was no denying that, but, he missed solving cases. He didn't want to admit it, and if Mary asked, he would deny it until the day he died, but, he missed it. It was impossible to tell if Mary was okay with the idea of him going back to it, especially after the Moriarty scare. She seemed to have no opinion on the subject, but of course, he'd never ask her, just in case she wasn't. She asked about the detective, sure, but she knew as well as he did that there was no telling.
Effie Taras approached him carefully, with footsteps that were oddly quiet, despite the fact that she was wearing heavy boots that were undoubtedly steel toed. She reached out towards his face, tracing the cut on his cheek with the icy tips of her finger. She didn't touch the cut, but the contact alone was enough to make him shiver. "Ooh, what a nasty cut." She murdered, her voice strangely gentle, like a mother nurturing a child. "I do hope my men weren't too rough with you, Sherlock, it wasn't my intent. I did ask them to be gentle, but you know how henchmen are." She winked.
The man pulls away from him, letting go of his hands, but keeps his left hand on the detective's windpipe, and suddenly is pressing a thick metal blade to Sherlock's stomach. He feels the icy serrated steel through his hospital gown, right over top of one of his wounds that had required stitches. He tries to take in a deep breath as he tries to understand why no one has come barging in yet, but then remembers the heart rate sensor is now on his assailant's hand, and he feels a sick sense of dread in his bones as he listens to the monitor, and realizes that the man's pulse hasn't risen at all at the same time the knife slides up his torso.
"Good fucking question." Suddenly there was a gun in his face, pointed right at the center of his forehead. His heart skipped again as the Ukrainian kept her haunting blue eyes fixed on him. He tried not to panic but his heart was beating
John Watson was watching him with the cold eyes of a hawk before it made a kill, but also the frightened eyes of the prey before its' life is snatched away. He had never looked at Sherlock Holmes like that before. It was terrifying. He tried not to watch.
John gazed up at him, and smiled. "You don't have to say anything right now. We've got forever to figure it out." Then, he looked away, just as a rosy pink color flooded his cheeks. "I uh... I have a question for you, and it's a bit embarrassing, but I'm curious. When did you first realize that you..." The doctor blushed harder, unable to finish his sentence.
Sherlock's hand froze on the End Call button, and he absolutely did not remember actually pressing it, but once the call was ended, she stood frozen, looking at John's name on the call log.
Sherlock called John back at five thirty. The doctor's heart let out a sigh of relief at the sight of his friend's name and he couldn't press the button fast enough. "Hey."
There's a slight pressure against his temple, and he leans into it. John says nothing after kissing him, and neither does Sherlock, but if John feels his smile against his throat, he certainly doesn't say anything.
Effie didn't seem phased, she actually looked amused. "Very impressive, Mr. Holmes." The Ukrainian laughed as she stepped away. "No wonder Johnny-boy loves you so."
"I don't like it anymore than you do, Greg, but at this rate, I will do whatever it takes to keep him alive."
It's the same nightmare, he's sleeping, then The Tall One comes in and attacks him, kisses his cheek, chokes him... But, as the nights went on, the nightmares become more vivid, and more an more terrifying. The man becomes more brutal, choking him to death instead of stabbing him, or, he drags the knife along his skin, leaving tiny slices until he's bleeding all over the sheets, and The Tall One begins to mock him about crying. It's always scarier when the man morphs into someone else. Sometimes, when The Tall One leans down to whisper in his ear, his voice picks up a bone crushingly familiar Irish drawl, and when he looks up, Jim Moriarty has taken his place. It's always scarier when it's him. But, whether it's Moriarty, or The Tall One, he always says the same thing;
"Oh, thank god. I was starting to go nuts with all of this goddamned tea." The soldier grumbled, slipping back into the room.
to be here." He shot off every relevant detail he could think of about the woman. Effie had to be there.
Home to him is warm jumpers (that are frankly hideous sometimes), hot tea, and a blog that he's almost embarrassed to admit that he likes. Home to him is happiness and comfort in his own skin, knowing he doesn't have to be anything but himself. Home to him is less than six feet tall, and has a soft tenor voice that can calm hurricanes, should he feel the need. To him, John Watson is home. John Watson, who is so completely ordinary that he should be boring, but is so, so unbelievably not. Two long years have made him homesick.
Blood began to appear on Mary's back where the bullets entered her body, and the gun fell from her hand just as she went limp right into John's arms. The soldier was gone, and now he was a doctor again, checking her pulse, keeping her upright, talking to her... But, he was talking to her like a patient.
Sherlock stayed frozen. He didn't know what to think. The blow from Mary's betrayal was what hurt the most, and the fact that he knew John would be devastated once he found out, and this time, it would be worse than it was the first time. Not to mention how he had been tricked into murdering a man for her, so that he would go get himself killed so she could play house with John for a while and feel no remorse. He felt sick. He wanted to scream he just wanted to go home.
Then he left, and, like a rubber band had been snapped, John Watson was walking around London with a fresh new limp and a tremor in his hand. He didn't talk much about it, nor did he talk much about Sherlock Holmes, that is, until he woke up the night after the funeral, having just relived their first case together in a dream, and almost drank himself to death. Once he had sobered up, he went to Ella, and he almost said everything he should have said months before. He choked down his words, and hid them again, like they never meant a thing. He could do at least that for himself.
"No one could prevented this, Sherlock. We were both tricked." John suddenly looked very angry, and he clinched his fists tightly against the railing. "Mary, Annalise, whoever she was, she was always like that, and nothing would have changed that, not you, not me... I knew it was always going to hurt when she got what she got what she deserved, but..." He swallowed hard. "I didn't think that you'd be there with me when it happened. I thought you'd be done with me when I went back to her after what she did to you. I didn't think you'd be at my side anymore."
John could heard the DI behind him, breathing heavily, like he were trying not to get choked up himself, and occasionally taking a starting breath to speak, but never actually speaking. Finally, after the silence became too much, the Greg. "I have a question that I need to ask you, and you don't have to answer me if you don't want to, just..." He paused, shuffling his feet awkwardly on the floor. "Why did you stay with Mary?" He asked carefully, obviously trying his best to not offend the doctor as best he could.
"Because after Sherlock saved her in the Middle East, she went gallivanting off to Paris or somewhere to misbehave. Besides, this isn't her handwriting. I know her handwriting. Also, everything is too informal."
You're keeping me in the dark again, and I love you, but, if this is going to work out, you can't do that. You have to tell me what's going on." His voice was gentle, not at all what Jim expected.
he realizes, and it sends a warm ache through his chest. John always hums old songs when he does dishes. It's just one more thing about him that Sherlock has fallen in love with. How could he not?
From the other side of John's hand, Sherlock mumbles something unintelligible, then pushes the hand away. "Then what is it, John? I'm losing my mind over here, so just please, tell me. Is it me?"
The doctor nodded. "Right. See you soon." The line went dead, and he slipped it into his coat pocket, wishing he could make time go faster.
"Hey, Sherlock, I get off at six, I was wondering if you want to go get a drink with me. No graduated cylinders this time, though. Okay. Bye."
Jim smiled, but it was strained. "It's not that simple, Seb. Not after everything I've done. Magnussen would never let us be."
"You've got to go. I know." Sherlock finished for him, trying not to sound sad. "It's okay. Go do good."
Jim nuzzled his face into Sebastian's neck, his body relaxing significantly. "You need a shower." He teased, breathing in the scent of sex and cigarettes that had lingered on his skin.
Reluctantly, he looked up, and stared down into the beautiful cobalt colored eyes that he had fallen in love with so many years before, and where he expected to see falsity, he only saw truth. He saw truth, and years and years of pent up emotion. He saw the same love that he had for the army doctor who had saved his life all those years ago, and so many times after that. It was the most beautiful thing he had ever seen, and it made his heart ache. It was also terrifying.
A smile, a playful, blissful smile played at Sherlock's lips, and he dropped his head. "John?" He started to say. "Um... If you do move back to Baker St. with me... And if I'm good, of course, will you... Will you kiss me like that again?" He couldn't believe how pathetically nervous he sounded, like he was a dumb teenager with a crush.
John nodded quickly, although he knew Sherlock couldn't see him. "I'm fine, I'm here with Greg, we've been looking for you everywhere."
"Sherlock!" John shouted at him as more of the building began to crumble. "Sherlock, you need to get out of here!"
Sherlock bit at the inside of his mouth. He didn't want to think that she was dead already, but he had to consider it. "How was she?"
The Detective Inspector got to his feet, and locked his eyes on the figure below him,. He needed Sherlock and John. He couldn't even stop his hands shaking enough to light his cigarette, he just stood there, staring into Dana Carlisle's face.
Sherlock thinks about his continuous nightmares that occur every time he attempts to sleep, and suppresses a shudder. "I'm not tired." He lies as his turns his gaze to the window.
"Drop your weapon, Mr. Kelleher, you've got nowhere to go." John shouted over to the criminal who was standing at the end of the hallway of the empty warehouse with a gun pointed directly at the detective on the ground.
"Your daughter is just fine, Dr. Watson. You'll be able to see her in a little while, the doctors are just doing a few minor check ups to make sure."
It started out with nothing but a question. Simple, innocent, completely harmless. John had asked him if they had any Earl Grey left. It was a silly question, of course they did, they always had it. He told him was pushed toward the back of the cabinet, and John, who was unusually cheerful for the morning, although it might have been due to the simply stunning whether outside. Later that day, they would go out for dinner at a restaurant and sit outside while the stars came out above them, but for the moment, they were sitting in the kitchen, and John wanted tea.
He fought for him.  All throughout his mission, he listened to John's voice in his mind, instructing him, calming him, telling him to come home, and by some miracle, it worked. He thought about cases together and tea in the morning, and maybe, someday, if he was lucky, maybe even casual touches here and there, and maybe, in the even further future, perhaps even kisses? The thought makes a smile pull at the corner of his mouth. He loves that idea. Kissing John Watson. He knows it'll take a long time, he has nearly three years of lost time to make up for, not to mention that John doesn't even know he's
He hears John's footsteps as he walks across the kitchen to stand in front of Sherlock, so close that he can smell the warm, spicy scent of John's cologne, and it makes him fall in love a little more, because for all his Mind Palace is good for, nothing compares to the real thing. "Sherlock." John utters, his voice low and quiet. And oh, God, he's missed that voice. He suddenly feels a warm pressure on his cheek, and it takes him a moment to realize that it's John's hand, and he squeezes his eyes tighter. "Sherlock," John says again. "Sherlock, look at me."
"And I love you too. And I don't plan on loving anyone else. So, if it's alright with you, I'd like to stay with you forever."
dead. Tell her if he comes back, she's to kill him in any way she sees fit, and if she fails, she'll be exposed. Also, tell her that you'll have people watching her. But, when Sherlock Holmes
Sherlock wakes out of another nightmare to the feeling of someone shaking his shoulder, and his eyes snapped open, just as someone pulls away from him at an almost alarming speed. He pushes himself up a little too quickly with a loud gasping sound as he grabs at his stomach for the wound, like he always does when he wakes up, but as always, he finds none.
He sat down on the ground and pulled his still tied hands underneath him and around his feet, wincing at the pain. He could feel the bruises and the scrapes in his arms and legs, but he couldn't be bother with that right now. Now that his hands were in front of him, he got a better look at the rope. It was actually twine, like someone would use in a garden. It was thick enough to where he knew he couldn't just pull it apart, but it was also thin enough to where it could easily be cut with scissors, which they had in a drawer in the kitchen.
Sherlock, of course had rolled his eyes, but in the end, his heart has hit his rib cage at the sight of John in his military fatigues, holding all of his bags, ready to board a plane that would take his boyfriend from him for God knew how how long. He didn't cry, he had promised himself that much, not even when John hugged him one last time before walking to his gate. Sherlock had memorized what his arms felt like, just for when the nights alone became too much. He had watched John grab his bags and walk down his gate with the others, and it had taken everything Sherlock had to not run down the gate like some sort of big airport proposal like they always did in the films.
"That I fancied you?" He asked, felting the heat rush to his face as well. He looked ahead toward the stars as he remembered. "I don't remember actually."
John, who seemed to have the same idea, smiled brightly, his big, cobalt colored eyes gleaming with tears. He dropped his gaze, not wanting to look at Sherlock for too long, but it was easy to see that he was smiling. "It won't be easy in the beginning, I know that, but... I know what I want, and I know that we'll be okay. I don't have faith in many things, but I have faith in you." He murmured, curling his fingers around Sherlock's own, and squeezing them tightly within his own.
From the streets below, the entirety of the Metropolitan Police force was arriving on the scene, waiting to stop the robbery up on the top floor. Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade spoke quietly to his other officers, and told them to wait for his command. He looked up toward the top of the building where the alert had apparently come from, and took a deep breath. Just another night.
Without saying hello to Mrs. Hudson, he threw open the door of Baker Street and ran up to the seventeen steps to the flat that he and John shared. His laptop was on the sofa where he had left it this morning, but when he went to turn it on, he found it was dead. Cursing under his breath, he ran into their old bedroom and all but yanked the charger out of the wall, then rushed back to plug it in. The laptop, of course, was ridiculously slow turning on. With every passing second, Sherlock felt himself growing more and more anxious over how much time he had already lost with John.
"If I'm really honest with myself, and I rarely am, I was never in love with Mary." He finally uttered in a low, nervous voice. He watched Greg's face change, and decided to go on. "Marrying her was my way of proving to myself that I could move on, but I realized too late that I would never move on from Sherlock, because you never really let go of the first person you ever loved more than the waking world. I couldn't just leave Mary, it wouldn't have been right by her, but now, I wish I had. Had I known, I would have told him years ago. Had I known, I would have made sure he never threw himself off of that damn building. Had I known, I would have never married her. But, I didn't know. I realized too late that I loved him." John looked up at Greg, whose eyes were now glistening with tears. "Everyone else knew it though. Everyone knew it but me. But, I'm not waiting anymore. When we find him, I'm going to tell him everything. I don't care what happens." He finished softly, looking back at the ground.
He didn't have to wait long for his friend to show up. After about ten minutes of waiting, the detective made his way through the doors of the pub, removed his gloves and searched for John over the crowd. He looked a bit uncomfortable, but perhaps it was just the setting. "Sherlock!" John called out to him.
"I thought I told you to never call me that." The soldier scolded her, though it was hopelessly playful, and maybe a little flirtatious. It was like a hand twisted in Jim's stomach.
John's eyes flash to Sherlock's, and he doesn't miss the way John seems to be reassuring him, telling him it's okay, that he'll figure it out. Sherlock, on the other hand, can't stop but tell him how sorry he is, for endangering his life, for not coming back sooner... But he doesn't get the chance to say it out loud.
Greg reached out and placed an almost brotherly hand on John's shoulder, squeezing it ever so slightly in his shaking hand. He lent him a gentle smile, just a small one that told John he had been understood. "We'll celebrate later."
"Please." She scoffed, sending a flare of annoyance through his body. The only one who was allowed to talk to him like that without getting their throat cut was Sebastian. "I'm the master of faking deaths, I've done it eight times already. It's easy."
"Pretty much. It's why she had you kill Magnussen. If she got you to kill him, then she could complete her mission without feeling the guilt of
"Look, it doesn't matter," Jim interjected. "I still don't think that either one of them would ever, in a million years, find this to be a good idea."
When they came up near Baker St., they stepped foot into an alley way as they often did back when they lived together. They walked briskly against the windy night as 221B came into their line of vision.
His head felt heavy, and his mouth was dry. His throat was scratchy, like he had swallowed sandpaper. He could taste blood, and there was a spot on his tongue where he had bitten down on it that was pulsing from the pain.
Jim stayed in the car for longer than usual. The car was off, his keys were out of the ignition, but he couldn't move. He was angry. He was tired. He was in too deep, and he couldn't get out.
John studied his face for a moment longer, as if he were looking for a way to word what he was trying to say, his eyes not once leaving Sherlock's face. The detective suddenly felt like he was being silently praised, and that John was saying a lot without really saying anything at all. He tried to look down. "Hey, no, don't do that." John chided gently as he caught his chin and made him look up at him again, though this time he was smiling. "I need you to promise me that you'll never, ever use ever again. I don't care what it's for, but I need you to promise me that you'll never touch that stuff ever again."
Before going to bed that night, Sherlock took one more look at the letter, and shook his head before closing the door to his bedroom, and ignoring it once again.
Then, there's the distinct sound of thick leather boots scraping across the floor, and he knows he's miscalculated.
About 908 miles away from London, in the city of Verona, Italy, Jim Moriarty strutted down the gorgeous stone backstreets of the city, smiling cheerfully to himself as he went to meet his husband at home. In his hands, he was carrying two small paper bags that had bottles of wine in it that he and Sebastian both liked, as well as one that Dana Carlisle had quite an affinity for. It was dinner night. Irene Adler and Dana Carlisle had just come into town from Montpellier to have a double date with the husbands. Sebastian was cooking, of course, he always cooked. He was fabulous at it, and he actually had gone as far as to all but ban his husband from the kitchen all together, often sending him out to get wine while he cooked to keep him out. Jim actually didn't mind.
"I was under orders." Mary bit back icily. "I was under orders and you know what he would have done if I hadn't killed Sherlock."
"You better just stay right where you are." John ordered. "The police are outside. They're waiting for you."
"Greg, I don't know what the hell to do." John half growled, pacing back and forth in the small living room while the DI looked on from the couch. The doctor was angry. He was frustrated. He was completely at a loss as to what to do next.
His wife comes home at half past five, they greet each other with a kiss, and proceed to the kitchen to prepare dinner. She cooks the chicken while he makes the vegetables and they maneuver around the tiny kitchen with ease. At dinner they sit on opposite sides of the table, they talk about work and the slightly over cooked vegetables, although it's just mindless teasing. They both drink water, since he doesn't drink and she can't, due to the baby growing in her belly.
The sound of the gunshot lasted only a fraction of a second, and then came the raging heat of the fire that had exploded behind them. The force of the blast sent John and Sherlock rocketing forward onto the ground. The fire sent the boards from the ceiling falling down, as well as the doorways and some of the rusted metal structures, and it wasn't until the ringing in Sherlock's ears stopped ringing that he realized that the fire was spreading.
Alrighty, guys, now we're getting into the crazy twists and shit. I hope you like it! If you have any questions, please feel free to ask! (Although I probably won't answer if they contain spoilers!)
So, he moved. The house was bright and open and there was a garden outside, and a lovely old couple next door, and a single father with a beautiful three year old girl next door. He had lost his wife to cancer the year before. He had guessed about John losing someone close to him, and when he looked at him for the first time, he gave him this look that seemed to ask
He realizes, was what they had pumped him with earlier, when he was still sort of under. There's still a dull ache in his back from the whipping, but it's not nearly as bad as it was earlier either. His chest still feels a bit tight, most likely from the injury to his rib, and even under the white hospital gown, he knows he's positively covered in cuts and bruises and burns. Though, he certainly does feel much better. Groggy, but not immobile.
"But, you're a contract killer, you're an assassin, and you're betraying your employer, and your biggest threat!" Sherlock protested loudly. "You can't tell me that you aren't the
The woman smiled and dropped into a graceful curtsey, the Grach in her hand held out to the side. "Effie Taras." She chirped. He was still smiling at him like a bird of prey, and he tried to look away. He felt prickling unease crawl across his skin, and he suppressed a shudder.
Out of the corner of his eye, he sees his brother's concerned stare, and elects to ignore it. He's spent too much time sleeping. And like his brother said, it's a long way back to London after all. So, he buries himself in his Mind Palace, where all of the good thoughts of John Watson lie. It's better than any dream he could ever have.
"Perhaps a bit more than I should have, given the current circumstances." He replied, worrying his lip.
Sherlock was so deep in thought that he didn't hear the familiar heavy footsteps on the stairs, nor did he realize someone was there until the door was swinging open.
someone like Sherlock, who was happily gay and neither in nor out of the closet and content with that... that was hard. He's never told anyone this before.
He nodded, although it wasn't entirely truthful. He and Sebastian had been together for months before the divorce, but Seb had been planning to leave her for a long time. But, there was no reason for Dana Carlisle to know that. It wasn't her business.
Police were still on the scene. Most of them had left already, leaving only a few officers that Sherlock recognized, Sergeant Donovan, of course, and, must to Sherlock's dismay, the forensics team. There was also no ambulance on the scene, but that didn't mean much, it had been over two hours.
Okay, so this chapter is set at around the same time that John and Sherlock first met, just so we're clear. Also, I have a MorMor fluff weakness, so I hope you guys enjoy this. ^^
Of course, it was sometimes hard being in love with such a mad, brilliant man, but not a day went by that John didn't wish he had said something years ago.
The seventeen steps feel more like a steep mouth as he climbs, hand shaking on the railing, vision swimming, he looks like a mess and he knows it. He changes his mind about this once, twice, three times before actually reaching the last step, and suddenly he's on autopilot. He walks toward the door, and doesn't even bother to knock. John wouldn't mind.
ALSO, I know this chapter is a lot of just me rambling, and it may be a bit boring, but I PROMISE that the story will pick up again. Thanks again for all of your support and love, DESPITE the title change and the long wait, but, I hope this makes up for everything.
That's when John falls back against the counter, eyes blown wide, and a gasp of air falling from his lips as he runs his fingers through his hair. "I've lost it. I've lost my bloody mind." He mutters.
"Yes, of course, I was with her when they took her away. I offered to go with her, but she told me she was fine, and to not worry about it."
Hello everyone! Thank you so much for all of the wonderful feedback on this fic, I'm so excited to be back, and I'm so happy you guys are enjoying this. I'm also sorry for the late update. I was hoping to update last night, but I got off of work REALLY late, and was feeling horribly uninspired and just plain exhausted, so I hope this makes up for it!
John Watson threw the door open and gazed around the flat that he once called his own. The chair he had been strapped to, was still sitting in the middle of the floor, and he took the liberty of placing it back in the kitchen where he saw the cut twine and the scissors.
Sherlock felt the ex-Navy Seal tense up from behind him, and he could practically hear the grinding of his teeth. "Stay right where you are, Dr. Watson! I'll kill him, I swear!"
But, instead of waking up, John reached up and wiped the wetness from his tear stained cheekbones. Sherlock would never forget how John's hands felt on his face. "Am I lying to you, Sherlock?" He murmured, his voice low and quiet, like he were whispering to a child.
John made it to the pub first. He ordered a beer for him and Sherlock and just waited. This would have been the first time since his stag night that he and Sherlock had a drink together. The stag night had been a near disaster, although seeing Sherlock Holmes completely shitfaced was rather comical. They had passed out on the stairs together, their closeness alone being gossip worthy, but neither one of them found it awkward at all. All the dancing and drinking was so out of habit for Sherlock, but John loved that he was having fun. The man needed it.
Thank you all for reading, and I'll see you all (hopefully) next time, on whatever the fuck I decide to write next.
Even when they met as teenagers, back when John was a rugby player and Sherlock was the nerdy kid who liked violin and ballet and chemistry, John Watson never let Sherlock Holmes believe he was alone. From that first day as chemistry partners, when Sherlock was awkward and nervous and 'Just Sherlock, not William, William is gross' and John was busy cracking jokes, to the night their school decided to have an Americanized formal and call it prom when they both stagged and got way too drunk for their own good and ended up staying up the whole night watching movies, to the first time they kissed, lying out on Sherlock's roof in the middle of summer, drinking beer and watching the stars, John Watson was always there. He never let Sherlock feel alone.
Sherlock glanced back at the burning building, his eyes fixed on the flames. "He... He told me to go." He whispered, unable to say any more than that. He stood there, waiting for John to come out of the flames.
"Sherlock, I forgave you ages ago. It took everything I had to not go running after you after a few days, just to see you, just to tell you everything I wanted to say before, but couldn't. The only reason I couldn't was because of Mary. Now, of course, I realize that was a mistake, but... I love you. I do. I love you, I love you, I'll say it a million times, I'll learn it in every language just so that I can tell you again and again, and again. I don't care anymore. I've waited so long,
There was a soft chuckle in his ear, and the arms around his torso tightened. "I thought I told you to leave a light on."
"I'm sorry, sir, there was only one ambulance which came from that area. There's no one that fits the description."
The figure blended back in with the darkness as they took the back staircase down to the front offices where they had to duck behind desks and boxes to keep the police from seeing them. Once they were sure that they were out of sight of the police, they slipped out the back door, and began to run. They had to get away.
John Watson sighed, and passed a hand over his tired face. "Yeah, I do have a wife. A wife I barely know, and that I haven't loved for the last few months."
"No, you stop it! You took enough drugs to overdose, and you did it before Moriarty, before you even stepped foot on that plane. Now tell me straight, were you trying to die?"
The man laughs, not lowering the gun. "I plan to." He sneers, his finger curling around the trigger. "But first, I want you to watch."
Then of course, there was the John that was currently grazing his teeth across the sweet spot on Sherlock's neck, causing a low, rumbling moan escape the detective's lips.
From somewhere off-screen, someone called to John, and Sherlock knew their time was up. The soldier let out a heavy sigh. "Hey, love, look-"
The gun in Effie's hand clattered to the ground as the woman fell back into the pavement, gasping for air. Sherlock ran to her, and dropped to his knees beside her, although he was unsure what to do. "Effie! Effie, stay awake, don't you dare fall asleep! Can you hear me, Effie?" He demanded, his hands scrambling all over her body, trying to get her vest off as blood began to pool all over the pavement.
He paused, raking a hand through his hair. "I missed you, Sherlock. I really missed you. I hadn't seen you in so long, I had been so caught up in trying to forgive Mary for the baby's sake that I forgot all about the person I loved the most." John's hand was suddenly on top of Sherlock's, lightly squeezing his fingers, although his own were shaking. Sherlock couldn't breathe. "I wasn't lying when I said I loved you earlier. I meant it. I always have, if I'm honest with myself, I've always loved you with everything I had, but there was always something in the way. I was too scared to say it before because I didn't know you felt the same, but then you..." His voice trailed off, but Sherlock knew.
Almost automatically, another group of men swarm his hanging body and unchain his hands from the restraints. It feels almost murder on his aching limps, but he makes no sound, and allows himself to curl limply into their unfriendly arms. They drag him painfully from the room and across the stone floor of their hiding place, allowing him to fall on rocks and scrape up his knees. His head is hanging, and they cannot see him gritting his teeth.
John shook his head. "Sherlock would have warned me. We have code words and phrases, and he would have warned me if it was a trap. He trusts her enough to go along with her plans." John was entirely skeptical on his own, but he trusted Sherlock's judgment. He trusted it more than his own. For the moment, at least.
John shook the pain out of his hand, and stepped around Greg to pace again. "Whoever left this file was a woman. She obviously has something against Mary, but I'm not sure if she's trying to help us or not. She left me this to find, but there's been absolutely no sign of her. I want to believe that she's helping us, but after everything I've seen tonight, I can't help but feel that I should be skeptical. I don't want to take any chances with Sherlock, especially if Mary..." His throat became tight, and he had to look away for a minute.
The doctor stripped his work shirt off and threw on a dark t-shirt and jumper before pulling on his old boots. "I don't know yet. We were walking home from the pub, and we got attacked in an alleyway. They knocked us unconscious, threw him in a van and took him. I woke up at Baker St.. I need to find him."
"When we were working her case, she always addressed me as Dr. Watson, and Sherlock was always Mr. Holmes. But, look at the first note, 'Read it and weep, Johnny-boy', come on. My
John's heart dropped to his stomach. "Oh, yeah. Of course." He replied awkwardly. "I have work tomorrow anyway."
Mary's eyes flickered to the Ukrainian. "Effie. I said kill him." She ordered again, her voice clipped.
Grateful for the change of topic, John nodded and picked up the file again, examining the purple, handwritten note. "It's no one that I know. I know that much." He replied, hating that it was so unhelpful.
The woman laughed, and stepped closer to wrap her arms around the soldier's neck. "It's nice to see you, Bassy."
It broke John's heart listening to Sherlock sound so defeated and betrayed. He silently curse Mary. Just the thought of her sent his blood boiling. "Sherlock... I'm coming to get you right now, okay? I'll be there soon. I love you, okay? Just... Just hold on." He ordered, not caring what had just slipped out.
The detective got to his feet, and followed the army doctor out to the balcony, stopping just short of the doors. He could see John leaning up against the railing, looking up at the stars. He didn't look angry, he didn't look happy, he wasn't being a soldier or a doctor, he was just
Sherlock wills his eyes to open, and realizes that his captors had dumped him. They had assumed he was dead, due to the tall one's stupidity, and they took his body and dumped it somewhere. Weakly, he pushes himself up, and sees nothing but sand in every direction. The sight of it makes his weak heart flutter in panic.
The last patient was simple, just some stitches for wound that the old lady received from a garden tool, nothing he couldn't handle. Once she had gone, John was packing up his things and Mary decided to come in, all dressed in her overly bright red pea coat, her purse on her arm. "Ready to go?" She asked in her normal chipper voice.
The days would drag on like they always did, and every day, Sherlock Holmes seemed more and more like a footprint on the beach standing against the upcoming tide. The sun would rise, the sun would fall, and the patients seemed to blend together. He once said to an old girlfriend at one point that mundane was good, but now things were becoming a bit excessive.
per se, if you were to somehow to get out of your death, and offered her a hell of a lot of money to do it. I think he was actually testing her, to be completely honest, little Miss. Mary had gotten on his bad side, so he also threatened to expose her complete if she didn't complete the job in a reasonable fashion. Now, Mary knew the moment you were gone that you had faked it. We all knew. So, what better way to get through to you than marry your doctor?"
John's heart skipped a beat and he reached out and snatched the phone away from his friend's hands, only to nearly fall to the ground at the sight of Sherlock's name on the caller ID. He quickly answered and pressed the phone to his ear, his heart already racing. "Sherlock!"
Even on Christmas Day, when the boredom and loneliness came back to haunt him, he ignored the letter.
The night after their first time, John can hardly believe that it happened. He spends the entire night after Sherlock has already fallen asleep staring up at the ceiling with a smile on his face as he traces patterns into Sherlock's skin.
"Alright, alright." He pushed himself into a sitting position, and began buttoning his shirt. "You go on ahead, I'll be in in a moment."
At first glance, the letter was nothing special. It was handwritten, as he had suspected, but it wasn't written on fancy parchment or in anything less than John's messy handwriting, which he had come to adore. Slowly, he opened up the folded letter, and began to read. "Sherlock," It began,
"Then, who do you work for, if not Moriarty?" The Ukrainian smirked, as if she were telling him some clever joke. He took her humorous expression in, then pieced everything together. His heart dropped into his stomach, the sick sense of utter betrayal coming over him once again. "You keep saying this is about John, but never specify why, meaning you work for someone close to him, meaning you..." He looked down at his feet, then quickly up to her again. "You work for Mary."
John Watson didn't like to admit how much he actually missed Sherlock. It was something he preferred to keep to himself, just to save himself from feeling excessively sad or lonely or days that his blood would start to pump or his heart rate would accelerate whenever he heard about a police chase, or some sort of crime that had been committed. On those days, he would look back and wonder to himself 'I wonder if Sherlock's on a chase...' Then reality would snap back, and he would realize what he was doing. He missed the chases. He missed the adrenaline rushed. He missed the late nights they would spend together after cases, drinking, watching movies, eating Chinese... He missed the stupid experiments that would ruin tables and countertops, because they were all things that were beautifully and so wonderfully
It hadn't been there before, so it had to have been left before he and John went to the airport. It wasn't anything special, just a plain envelope placed up against Billy the Skull, like the skull was holding onto it for safe keeping. Sherlock crossed the room and took the letter from Billy, and almost laughed at the scrawled out message on the front in John's awful handwriting. It wasn't addressed to him, instead, it bore seven words that were just so utterly John it made him almost want to roll his eyes.
He went into the kitchen and started to make coffee, then made his way back to the bedroom where his partner was still asleep, and slipped out onto the balcony where his phone, an empty bottle of Macallan from 1928, and their drinking glasses still sat on the table. He couldn't help but smile.
Sherlock holds his breath, and tries to keep his heart rate down, but he knows that the sudden increase of his heart monitor has giving him away...
"You've tanned." Sherlock told him one day when he saw his boyfriend, whose blonde hair was tousled and whose face was covered in dirt still from their day out.
come back, I'll make sure she doesn't touch him. I'll expose her myself. I think it's high time my debt was repaid."
The feeling of John's hand against his cheek was so soft and so warm, and he realized how close he was to losing the only thing that made him feel alive.
Sherlock shakes his head with a sound of protest, and John drops his hand. "I'm never letting you live that comment down, John Watson."
"Mycroft Holmes owed me a favor." John answered, his voice flat. "I informed him of everything on the way here, and he plans on putting you away for a long time. Several accounts of murder, attempted murder, kidnapping, conspiracy to murder, the lost goes on and on. He's putting you away where you belong. Just like he should have done when you shot his brother. You're not my wife anymore, Mary." The soldier paused, and swallowed hard. "And, I'll be taking the baby. You'll never see her."
For the next few minutes, Jim and Sebastian spent time going over every detail they could think of, although Seb was the one to do most of the talking for once. The woman called Dana hmm'd and nodded throughout the whole thing while she bit the end of her sunglasses. Jim felt more comfortable with her now, as his head was cleared enough to actually read her carefully. She and Sebastian's relationship, while horribly and irrevocably flirtatious, was nothing more than platonic, much to Jim's relief. The two overindulged in playful banter. Dana was an interesting character, but as the conversation went on, it was obvious to see that she was a great asset to have, and he could tell why Sebastian had called her in.
She whispered humorously as he went lightheaded with relief. Effie stepped away from him and slid the gun into the back of her pants. "Sorry for the heart attack, baby boy, that was mean. But, I wasn't lying, killing you would be so pointless and boring, and not to mention how it would ruin my plans, and that you wouldn't get to hear the rest of this story. Trust me, it's a rollercoaster, but, very, very soon, you'll get the
After dinner, the couple moves to the living room where they put on a movie they both enjoy, barely speaking, just lounging in each other's arms, then it's up to bed at a quarter to midnight. The woman takes off her day's make up and steps in the shower, while her husbands lays in bed, a mystery novel in his lap. The two talk to each other from the opposite rooms, and eventually, the wife comes out to join her husband in bed. The lights go out, they curl up beside one another, and they both try to sleep, since they both have work early the next morning.
John's voice is harsh and cold, like it was standing in Kitty Riley's flat, confronting Jim Moriarty, passing as Richard Brook, and it rocks him to his core.
The idea of John being angry at him for that was enough to make him feel nauseous. He gritted his teeth, clamping down on the bitter cold that is spreading across his chest at a rapid pace, and for a moment, he wanted to trash the flat from top to bottom. Thick, blistering hatred for everything in his path suddenly overtook him, until he looked up and saw the letter resting on the mantel. The letter he had ignored for months.
The 'hat photograph', as Sherlock had dubbed it, is taped to the refrigerator door where it sits day after day, every day, causing him to look into the vibrant green eyes of the detective every time he goes for a drink. He loves that photograph, though everyone else has a much different opinion. Everyone would tell him to take it down because it "wasn't good for recovery" (they always use that word, too, that bothers him a lot), and for a while, he considered taking it down, but there's something about it that manages to make him smile, even though it aches. It always aches.
Sherlock beams at the endearment, and quickly does as he's told while John goes to answer the door. He knows he's smiling, he can feel the strain of his cheeks from the force of the grin plastered on his face, like he's been painted that way. He can't help it, though. Nor does he want to.
Greg shrugged. "She actually seemed... Okay. I mean, she was talking to me, she was a bit out of it, but she seemed okay for the most part. Then the medics showed up and they took her away. But, she was alright, she was bleeding, but she seemed... Fine." He looked down at the blood on his shirt, and shook his head. "I asked her why she took the bullet, and she said 'you wouldn't have liked me if one of your boys got shot'. Even after being shot in the stomach, she kept up her sense of humor." The DI took another drag off of his cigarette, blowing the smoke out into the crisp night air.
But, as quickly as the bubbly feeling comes, it fades, and fear nestles it's way into his veins, and settles in the pit of his stomach. His heart rate picks up, and the monitor begins beeping frantically. Mycroft's eyes widen in a panic, and he reaches out to press the call button for the nurse. "No!" Sherlock gasps out over the beeping sound, and the pain in his chest.
He hears the metallic swing of the door as it's opened, and the first thing he feels is pulsing heat of the sunlight on his shoulders. It only lasts for a second, and then the rough hands that hold his body up tighten, and he's lifted out of the light, and thrown carelessly into the cold metal flooring of a van that smells like bleach.
Hi everyone! I'm sorry I didn't update yesterday, I was hella busy and never got the chance, but, I have two chapters ready for you guys, so I hope you enjoy!
Jim. I can't. I can't do this anymore." The soldier rasped, tears beginning to brim in his eyes. "I told you that you shouldn't have gotten involved with Sherlock Holmes and Magnussen, and now you're caught in it, and-"
"There's nothing new to say, Seb." The consulting criminal replied. "He wants me to help him take down Sherlock Holmes, and I need to do it, because he knows that I have something in the world to lose now, and he wouldn't mind taking it away from me."
"So, Dana," Sebastian finally asked, once the shopping conversation had ended. "Have you come out of hiding to Holmes and Watson yet?"
The doctor snorted, and looked away, although he himself was actually quite excited. He didn't know what else he could say, but he was relieved. Say thing it was hard, but he was so glad he did. "Yeah, well... After a while, you get sick of bullshitting." He hesitated, then grabbed his coat off of the chair, and pulled it over his arms. "I've got to go before Mary gets there. Remember, twenty minutes, then follow me. And do
He remembered it was a Tuesday because he always hated Tuesdays, and this happened to be the most interesting Tuesday of his life.
The soldier turned to him with a bewildered expression. "What about Effie?" He demanded, glancing down at the barely conscious woman who was now in Greg Lestrade's care. "She needs medical-"
"Because I know how much you're struggling." John replied, his voice tired and heavy. He suddenly looked old, much older than his forty years, which Sherlock hated seeing. "I spent so much time trying to protect you and keep you from destroying yourself, that I didn't realize that I was part of the reason for it."
He would have been angry about that, once upon a time, but not anymore. It might as well have been true.
Sebastian, who was busy stirring the sauce he had made from scratch, laughed. "Not this time, kitten, sorry." He turned to beam at him in the doorway. "You got the wine?"
so you're following a dead man's orders, just so you can keep John to yourself. There's nothing left of you, Mary. Nothing." By the time the Ukrainian woman stopped, her voice was thick with tears. "I'm sorry, Mary, but I will not help you this time, I refuse. I'm repaying my debt, and saving three lives."
Jim thought. He felt a pang of jealously hit his heart. He was the only one who was allowed to give Sebastian pet names.
For once, Jim Moriarty was speechless. He didn't know what to say to the strange woman in his living room, nor what he should say to his boyfriend, who was still staring down at the woman with admiration, which felt like someone was striking him through the heart. He kept reminding himself that Sebastian loved him, that she was here to help them, and tried to ignore the jealousy. He got jealous too easily. "I'm uh... Thank you for coming."
John let out a laugh that sounded breathless and strangled, but it was pure. "I'm holding you to that."
There was the light sound of scuffling in the background, as well as a few unintelligible voices. "What the
All because one of his snipers, went rogue when she found out about his relationship with Sebastian, and caused too many problems with Magnussen. Sebastian's ex-wife was a damn good sniper, but she had proven herself a problem, one that Jim should have taken care of long ago.
His whole body ached from the kicking and everything else he had been through while being kidnapped. The air around him was hot, much too hot, and he could feel sweat seeping into a cut on his right cheek, the saltiness making it burn.
Once again, I'm so, so, so sorry for the delay on the chapters, like I may have stated before, new job, and I work every day, and on top of that I've been very sick, and I know this chapter isn't the greatest, BUT, I am going to be writing more soon, because the next few chapters will be the reunion between John and Sherlock, and... It'll be be very interesting to say the least. Once again, I'm so sorry it's taken me so long, I feel terrible, but I promise you that the build-up will be worth it! ^^
John looked up at him, and gave him a sad, understanding smile. He didn't say anything, but he squeezed back. Suddenly, he looked away as tears filled his eyes, and then he was on his feet, storming away toward the balcony, leaving Sherlock's hand feeling cold.
Mycroft nods to her. "Thank you, Miss. Emilia. You've been incredibly helpful to a delicate situation. Trust that the British government, myself included, will be seeing that you are well taken care of." He promises with as much kindness as he can muster.
Without even looking in John's eyes, Sherlock stood as quickly as he could, and began to storm toward his bedroom, away from the questions, away from the accusations, and most importantly, away from John. "I'm going to bed. Goodnight, John." He growled.
Sherlock didn't realize there were tears rolling down his face until one of the droplets fell down onto the page.
"Get out." Sherlock stepped forward, and tried to push the doctor away, but not hard enough to make John stumble, instead, sending himself straight into his grip. John's hands curled around his wrists, and held him close enough to feel the heat of John's breath on his face. "Let go of me." He hissed.
The doctor laughed, and got to his feet, pulling Sherlock up with him before wrapping his arms around his almost too thin waist and capturing his lips. Sherlock's heart fluttered, and he help but smile, which of course, made John laugh even more, and it all went downhill from there with the two erupting into giggles while John pulled Sherlock down onto his lap on the other chair. With John's nose nuzzled in his neck, Sherlock finally began to relax. John was right.
Then, just as Greg tried to speak, the entire top floor of the building collapsed in on itself, and the remaining structure began to come down with it.
The detective's mind immediately jumped to John, and he felt his heart lurch. He didn't like this plan, not at all. "Are you sure that John will be okay?" He didn't care what happened to him, as long as John was safe.
So, he put up his icy cold mask, narrowed his eyes, and gritted his teeth. "Don't play with me, John, it isn't funny. I may act heartless, but I do, contrary to popular belief, have a heart, and it hurts when people pretend. Do not play with me." He snarled, tears brimming over, finally.
The Ukrainian turned her back to him. "I really should thank you, Sherlock. You did play into this whole plot quite nicely." She complimented him. "I'm so proud of you for convincing your little paramour to come along with you. I don't know how else I would have pulled it off." She turned around to face him, still smiling proudly and cradling the weapon in her hands. "I hear you're quite good at reading people." She said. "My employer says you can look at a person and tell everything about them," She snapped her fingers loudly so it echoed off of the stone walls. "Like that."
There was a soft groan in response, then the creaking of the bed as the other got up, and made his way slowly toward the French doors. The soldier, a tall, American, monster of a man squinted against the light, and gave his partner a sleepy smile as he ran his hands through his already tousled, dirty blonde hair. "You know, waking up to an empty bed is not something I tend to look forward to after a night of drinking and frankly amazing sex." He stated, his eyes glinting playfully.
The doctor got to his feet, clutching the file in his hands tightly as he flipped through it again. But, once he got to the back, he noticed another note written in the same purple ink as before, and upon reading it, he threw the file down and had to leave the room to stop himself from heaving up the contents of his stomach.
Sherlock's scream echoes off of the walls of the hospital room, and he rockets forward as he gasps for air and searches his stomach for the knife. He was still partially in a dream, the room was still dark and he could still see little slivers of The Tall One's face. The blood is pounding in his head too loudly for him to hear anything but the residual sound of the switchblade sliding through his abdomen, and that alone is enough to make him feel ill. Strangely, though, there is no wound. He hears what sounds like his name, then feels a pair of hands at his shoulders, which send an icy electric shock through his veins, and he tries desperately to throw the intruder off by flailing wildly.
The Ukrainian stepped toward Sherlock, the sound of her big, heavy combat boots scraping across the concrete almost deafening in the silent room. She was standing brisk and tall, and face was calm, cold, emotionless, just as the woman beside her appeared to be. Her weapon was clutched tightly in her hand, and for a brief moment, Sherlock thought for sure that he had been tricked. Sweat trickled down the back of his neck into his collar as he kept his eyes locked with hers, not even daring to look at the pleased smile on Mary's face. She was only a few feet from him now, he could see the deep brown flecks that were scattered all throughout the piercing blue of her irises. The Ukrainian woman stopped just inches from him, and her lip curled upward into a grin. Then, she turned, and pointed her gun straight for Mary's chest. "Sorry, darling." She murmured.
After finding the tea, he placed the kettle on the stove, and began to bustle around the kitchen until the kettle was screaming. John started humming as he poured his tea into his favorite mug, which wasn't uncommon, and normally, he didn't make a note of it, but this time, for no reason at all, Sherlock looked up, and never looked away.
Irene, however, rolled her eyes, but it was quickly softened by the smile that was clear in her eyes. "Seriously though, darling, I would have been surprised if he didn't find some way to repay you after what you did, even if you didn't ask for it. You saved all of them."
He reassured himself before nodding slowly. "I can have Mycroft find you a place to for the night, or for a while, if you'd like. I know you're going to want some time with the baby." Sherlock didn't exactly want John to go anywhere but Baker St., but he knew he couldn't ask that of him. It wasn't fair.
Again, Mycroft looks unimpressed. "Everything is ready for you to be moved, we're just waiting on your nurse to get your release papers." The ghost a smile pulls at his brother's face. "She's clever, that one. Out of everyone here, she was the only one who recognized you, and I made it so she was the only one who came in or out. I might have to hire her." He says, almost fondly.
He takes a step further into the room, and runs his fingers over the wallpaper as he makes his way to the kitchen, taking it all in like a priceless work of art. But Baker Street isn't art. It's home. It's always been home.
The army Doctor locked his jaw and straightened his back, then fixed his eyes back on the criminal, and took an alarming step forward.
London greets Sherlock like an old friend as he strolls up Baker Street for the first time in nearly three years. Almost everything looks the same, from the cars on the streets to the flower beds, and everything feels like home, just as it should be. It's warm, almost too warm for his Belstaff, but he wears it anyway, and he doesn't mind the heat. Inside his right pocket, he grips the key that's been there since the last time he left 221B, tracing the ridges with his thumb as his heart begins to pound.
Instead, he just drank some more of his beer. "You sounded distracted when you called me earlier. Were you working a case?"
"Fuck, I don't know." John grumbles as he scrubs a hand over his face. "I don't know, I guess I'm having a bit of a hard time with it. Coming out now."
"But, I'll tell you this, I know that I'll have time to plan. I'll watch her for a while, we have quite the history, she and I, so there's no doubt in my mind that she'll call me to help her with the actual killing." The Ukrainian reassured them, giving them a smile.
Sherlock's heart pounded, and he gripped the desk tighter as he gritted his teeth. "She's about five foot nine, very Ukrainian, short black hair, she would have gone straight to surgery for a gunshot wound to the stomach, she came from the Cassidy building. She's
"I was more referring to the fact that you make it so easy to forget that I'm forty two and still closeted."
The detective turned to see John coming right at him. He wanted to ask about Mary, but he didn't dare. "John, are you-"
Sherlock laugh, he knew that laugh would be trouble, but he decided it was his favorite sound in the whole world, and all he wanted was to heard it over and over and over again, to put it on repeat like he would his favorite song. He could say that the detective looked like a porcelain God, too beautiful to touch, and too mighty to claim, and every time John was allowed to do so, he briefly felt like he was no longer breathing air. He could say how he would do anything, be anyone for that brilliant, beautiful man, and if he were ever lucky enough to call him his, he would run his hands over his milky white skin so softly, caressing every scar and press a gentle kiss to each, making sure that Sherlock knew he was loved as he was. He could say how he should have listened to his sister after she met Sherlock all of those years ago; 'You better marry that man, Johnny, because you'll never meet another like him.'
John Watson turns, and smiles down at the sleepy detective. "Hey, I didn't mean to wake you, go back to sleep."
A few minutes later, there was a knock at the front door, and both me went to greet the women of the hour. Irene looked as gorgeous as always with her hair down and her tight red dress and fancy pumps, while Dana, who generally preferred comfort to class, was dressed more like Jim was, in a pair of tight black jeans and a loose-fitting black t-shirt, although her boots made her over six feet tall. Her hair was still short, but was now light blonde, as opposed to the ink black it had been in the past. When she walked through the door, Jim smiled a bit when he saw the outline of the Grach in the waistband of her jeans.
The words played over and over and over in his head for almost two months, in John's voice, whenever he got anywhere close to forgetting that John was gone.
Sherlock forces his eyes to open, and glances around at the small, graying hospital room he's in. The sun is still out, but the blinds have been shut, probably to allow him to sleep without the light to disturb him. He has no idea what time it is, but he guesses mid-afternoon. The posters and charts on the walls are all written in German, and he can see the name of the private hospital he's in at the bottom of the page.
Sherlock froze. His heart did a little jump, and he looked back over at his beloved army doctor, his face for sure turning red. "You..." He tried. "You want to come home... With me?" He was almost amazed at how strong his voice sounded, but he was more impressed with how easily the word 'home' slipped out of his mouth.
What in God's fucking name would that get you? No guilt in killing Sherlock for a second time? A few million dollars? No, no, no, wait, let me guess, you're in
He dropped his head, and looked down into the dim orange glow of the cigarette, and he had a sudden flashback to the fire, and in a state of panic, and all but slammed it into the ashtray, and jumped to his feet, running his shaking hands through his thick black curls.
Sherlock blinks against the dim light, and lays his head back against the pillow with a grunt. He raises his arm, like he's reaching for John, or waving him back over. "Come back to bed, you were warm." He grumbles.
Sherlock pushed his way through the small crowds of police officers, and made his way back down toward the basement, his eyes immediately dropping to the pool of blood where Mary had been. He swallowed hard, shaking the sight of it out of his mind. He looked ahead, toward the second, larger pool of blood that belonged to Effie Taras, and almost felt unnerved by the sight of it. "Where are you, you stupid girl?" He whispered to himself.
Mycroft cleared his throat, and twisted the umbrella in his fingers uncomfortably. "I believe I should apologize for your loss, Dr. Watson, despite the circumstances." He muttered, obviously not
"Thank you, Mary." He replied. "Listen, Sherlock, I've got to go, my last appointment is here. I'll see you in about forty minutes?"
There was a moment of silence, followed by the sound of Sherlock's voice in the background, then a soft reply from the Ukrainian, which was too low for John to understand. "Sorry, I was rearranging Sherlock. When you get here, you'll have to stay hidden until you feel the time is right. You'll know what I mean. Oh, and bring your gun."
Once they were alone, Dana turned to Jim and smiled. "So, how long have you and Bassy been together?" She asked casually, sitting down in the chair opposition the sofa, where Jim had been sitting with Sebastian.
Thankfully, instead of protesting, Mycroft purses his lips, and pulls away, but does not take his eyes off of his younger brother. "Are you feeling anxious?"
John Watson's fingers were shaking as he flipped through the pages of the file. Everything was there, everything he had been dreading to know since the night he found out his wife was an assassin. It was all there. Every kill she made, every job she held, every mission she worked, every shot, every bullet, every victim... It was all there. He knew her name now; Annalise Gabriella Rinette Akridge. The name tasted like vinegar in his mouth as he repeated it over and over again. He felt sick. With every line he read, his stomach did a terrible flip, and he wanted nothing more than to stop reading, but he could tear his eyes away.
Sherlock looks up, his face bright red from the giggling, and bites his lip. "So I'm pretty, huh?" He repeats.
When Seb returned, he had put on jeans, leaving his muscular chest bare (probably for Jim's benefit), and was carrying a cup of coffee. He plopped down into the opposite chair, taking a large gulp of his morning coffee before placing it down on the table, and studying his partner intently. He noticed the phone on the table, and his eyes hardened briefly. "It was
Just the words 'double homicide' sent a familiar chill down John Watson's spine. One he loved. One he felt guilty about, but secretly adored. "So, who did it? Sounds like a hate crime." He offered.
"Okay, okay." Seb backed off, and bit at his lip. "Look, Jim, before this even started, you told me that you were going to leave Sherlock Holmes alone, because he was no threat. Whatever Magnussen wants from him is-"
Effie shrugged. "Why save me?" She asked rhetorically. "I meant nothing to you, but yet you saved me and took no credit. I know all about you, Mr. Holmes, what you did for John Watson a few years ago, what you've done for so many people, and it amazes me how you never take any credit. Mary shot you, killed you, yes, you woke up, you survived, but I also know that it took a lot for John to want to go back to her after you tried to convince him. It may be safe, but... Truth of the matter is, she's still after you, John's in danger, and I need to know if you're willing to help me to save him."
Effie pursed her lips, and Sherlock could see her biting the inside of her mouth, obviously trying to keep an icy comment from slipping out. For the first time, Sherlock realized how physically intimidating she actually was. The woman herself was taller than he originally thought, above average height for a woman, as she was only a few inches shorter than Sherlock himself. The intensity of her blue eyes against the dark of her dyed, ink black hair was like something out of a film. She was obviously the type of woman that would interest Jim Moriarty, which was probably why he didn't have to look at her twice before making her one of his goons. The Ukrainian woman blinked twice, then gave him a strained crooked smile. "Have I never given you reason not to trust me?" She demanded jokingly.
of love, and that, to me, is amazing, and it was all you." He paused, and ran his fingers over the slight muscle that still clung to his torso, and John shudders at the touch. Sherlock smiles, as he had forgotten that John's ticklish. "Besides, I don't know what you're talking about, you look pretty damn good for forty two. Most men in their forties don't have this." He says again, running his fingers down the muscles on John's torso.
"I assure you, Dr. Watson, he's fine. I'm saying have one there for precautionary measures. Now, are we clear?"
"If you want." John replied with a shrug. "I don't really want to be anywhere else, especially not right now. Of course, if you don't mind having a baby around the flat."
Effie let out a thunderous laugh at the hostility in his voice. "Oh, do relax, sweat pea, Johnny's fine."
As he approaches the dark wooden door, he resists the urge to stroke the paint. He's missed that too. It takes him a minute to push the key in because his hands are shaking from a mixture of excitement and nerves, but at the sound of the lock turning and releasing, it all stops. He pushes the door open, and the familiar smells of the old wood and Mrs. Hudson's baking are in his nose already before he even has a chance to breathe correctly. The bottom floor of the flat is quiet. Mrs. Hudson must have left to give them time.
The Ukrainian gasped and choked for air as she grabbed hopelessly at the wound. It was under the vest, it had been a perfect enough shot to break through the soft, side material and enter her body. "Fucking snipers, man." She hissed, just as Sherlock tried to hold her up.
John didn't make it home for Christmas, and Sherlock didn't bother decorating. He turned down every offer to go out and spend time with anyone.
He was almost disappointed that he didn't have anything more to say about it, but that was the only thing he could think of. Married life was good, despite what had happene, he was excited about the baby, but it was nothing compared to his old life. It was just a lot of the same patterns over and over. He wished he could express just how much he missed the cases.
To his surprise, John let out a laugh. It wasn't bitter, it wasn't strained, it was a pure, so very John laugh, that it melted a barrier in Sherlock's heart. The doctor looked over at him with a light, questioning look. "Sherlock, if you apologize to me one more time, I'll have to hurt you." He said, smiling up at him.
Sherlock swallowed hard. "When should I come out?" He asked, not exactly satisfied knowing he wasn't the one making the rules for once. He didn't like following orders.
Mary died of her injuries on the operation table at 11:47 P.M. despite the doctors' best attempts to revive her.
"Shut up. Just shut up." John hisses, and Sherlock flinches away. He knows he deserves the rage that's about to come.
Sherlock's expression changes from frustration to hurt to anger in less than a second. "What? Is that not what we are now? A couple? Or are you afraid to admit that? Because you're 'not gay'? Is that it? Because that-"
With much reluctance, the DI tells him to come by the office at ten and he'll have something for him then. He still worries about the man, even now, year later, but he knows he can't reason with him.
The doctor shook his head. "No. I'm actually pretty fucking far from okay." He spoke softly, with no trace of anger, not like he had shown before. "I just feel like this is all one big nightmare and I wake up. Of course, in my nightmares, you're usually gone too." He paused, and looked down at the city below. "I'm not sure if this is better or not."
"We're not weird for liking white wine. Also, Verdicchio goes good with the particular dish I'm making, so it works." Seb protested. "Besides, Barbera is too dry for me."
The plea came out a lot louder than Sherlock anticipated. He also didn't think his voice would break.
"It's a little after ten twenty now, according to your phone clock, so... I'd guess, probably at Baker St. by now, looking for you. He wouldn't even know where to look, the poor dear, if it weren't for the little gift I left him."
call it pain anymore? Furthermore, after how alive Sherlock made him feel, does it really make a difference if it hurts? It's not every day that you meet a person like Sherlock Holmes, whose brilliance and acceptance (and sheer dumb fucking luck, of course) cures an unfixable limp and makes a broken man feel like he's actually not as broken as he thinks. John Watson was withered with age and strained from war, and Sherlock was like glue, fixing him up and putting him back together again.
The detective narrows his eyes, like he's concentrating really hard on deducing every detail just from John's face, then pushes himself up on his elbows, and suddenly looks anxious. "Talk to me. What is it?"
Mary's face fell, and she stumbled back at the mention of his name. She looked almost pained. She turned to John, who hadn't moved a single inch, her face stained with tears. "John, you won't let her shoot me. You know that." She whispered to him almost desperately.
The soldier studied him for a few minutes more, than shook his head, and got to his feet. "You're lucky I'm crazy about you, James Moriarty."
There was a pause. John was silent for quite a few minutes, then he sighed, and dropped his head. "Actually... I uh... I was wondering if... Well, maybe I could come back to Baker St."
Sherlock shrugged. "She told me before you showed up that she thought it was funny that Mary always seemed to fall for gay, blonde soldiers that were in love with dark haired geniuses." He answered, thinking back on that night. He shook his head at the memory, and sighed.
he'll get to go on cases now! Although these last years have been basically one big case, he misses just a lowkey murder in the backstreets of London. He misses Lestrade pestering him about withholding evidence (or whatever), and Molly's shy-but-also-slightly-concerned smiles after she gives him some sort of body part to examine while John... Oh.
"Sherlock, stop it." John commanded, though it wasn't like the normal soldier's order. It was soft and kind, and so much like John that it made the detective's stomach flip. John smiled at him, and caressed his cheek, wiping the moisture from his skin. "It's okay." His voice was no louder than a whisper. "Just stop." And before Sherlock could even register it, John pressed a soft kiss to his lips, and pulled away, leaving the detective in shock, though his heart felt like it was going to explode right out of his chest.
John grip let up slightly when he realized that Sherlock wasn't going anywhere, but not enough to the point that Sherlock thought he'd be able to get away. "Please, just... Just answer the question. Were you trying to die?"
He wished he had paid more attention so that he could remember them. He never wanted to forget them, but, slowly, the memories were already beginning to fade, and there was nothing that frightened Sherlock more than that. That meant that the more memories that faded would become larger, and more important, and that meant that one day, he would even forget John.
That makes him smile. "Good old Mrs. Hudson." He mutters to himself. That woman has always taken care of him, and it makes Sherlock feel a little better about returning home.
From somewhere in the distance, there was a light chuckle that sent a shiver down his spine. "Wakey wakey, Sherlock Holmes." The voice crooned.
The doctor gave him a smug look. "I managed to pull myself out of the wreckage, and took shelter in the basement until it was clear enough to get out. It took a while, but they finally found me, unconscious and in pain, and they took me to the hospital. There was no major damage done to me. Mycroft tried to get ahold of you, but you never answered. That's why I came home. I was worried sick about you." John finished, reaching up and stroking his boyfriend's cheek.
"Nice place, Bassy." She complimented, taking her sunglasses off of her head and placing them on top of her head. She turned to Jim, who had stood up when she walked in, and smiled. "You must be the man of the hour, James Moriarty."
Then, when he jumped over a pile of metal that had fallen in the middle of the walk way, he finally saw outline of John's body on the ground, trapped under a large metal grating.
Sherlock steps through the living room, and looks around. He takes in the messy coffee table that looks like it's filled with case notes still, after three years, and the two chairs that still sit in their spots, just as they're meant to be. The bookshelf is messy but organized, just as Sherlock left it. The smiley face on the wall is still bright yellow and covered in bullet holes, and it makes him smile. Nothing is different. Everything is the same. Sherlock hadn't expected it, though he isn't surprised. John would never change anything. Too many memories. Years ago, he would have turned up his nose, scoffed, and made fun of him for being sentimental, but not now. He loves it now. All of it. After all, how could he not?
John locked his jaw. He leaned forward in his chair, balancing his elbows on his knees as he stared the detective dead in eye. Even in a jumper and jeans, John Watson could be menacing. The doctor bit at the inside of his mouth. "Sherlock... On the plane, you... You were high before you even got on. You took enough to overdose. You took enough to
Jim shook his head. "It doesn't matter. If this is what has to happen to make sure you're alive, than so be it."
His eyes are heavy and tired, and they ache, whether from the tears from the night before, or from the lack of sleep, but they hurt. It hurts to open them. It hurts to do anything. His entire body is in agony, from the terrible pounding in his head, to the burning of his muscles, and the stinging in his back from where they whipped him.
Sherlock continues to stare at him with anxious, wild eyes. Then, as he appears to take in John's words, he suddenly looks like he had just been slapped. "Did I do something wrong?" He asks, his voice quiet and unsure.
Minutes later, Mycroft's minions file into the room, and begin to help Sherlock off of his bed and out to the car waiting outside. The walk there is exhausting, but Emi and Mycroft stay by his side the whole time, and just before the doors are shut, the young nurse squeezes his hand with a gentle smile on her face. "Take care of yourself, yeah?" She tells him.
"Sometimes." John admits. "I meant what I said about you being pretty, no matter how much you tease me for it, you're gorgeous. You have been since we met, with your ridiculous cheekbones, and arse that I always had to resist the urge to grab," That comment makes Sherlock turn pink, and John decides it's the cutest thing he's ever seen. "I don't know, you've always been gorgeous. Breathtaking even. You always were, and you still are now. Why would someone like you want an old, scarred up soldier like me? It just doesn't make sense. Now, women like Sarah and Jeanette, that makes sense, they're looking for people like me, not that they couldn't do
"Would you rather me lie?" He asked, gazing up at his partner with tired eyes. His body suddenly felt heavy, and he was so tired, he could barely think. "It wouldn't change my decision, but at least you could leave thinking that I never loved you in the first place, which would hurt less."
Mycroft lowers the magazine just enough for Sherlock to see his eyes shoot to his face, but he says nothing as Sherlock reaches for the cup of half melted ice chips on the table. beside him, and he soon goes back to his reading.
Once both the elder Holmes had straightened up, Sherlock rolled his eyes returned his attention to John. "Sorry." He apologized. It tasted like vinegar in his mouth-apologizing for being rude to Mycroft was something he
Shaking his head, Sherlock took the letter over to John's chair and sat down in it (the first time he had done so in months), and with shaking hands, tore carefully at the flap. He thought about it, John writing this letter, gliding his tongue across the sticky glue, then hiding it until it was time to leave it for Sherlock to find. Had John spent nights thinking about what exactly he would say in the letter before actually writing it down? Or had he known exactly what he wanted to say? When had he even had time to write it? He made a mental note to ask, but quickly deleted it.
John clinched his fist tightly at his side. Out of the corner of his eye, he could see Greg already speaking to Mycroft on the phone frantically, but he couldn't hear a word he was saying. He was tempted to snap. He was tempted to say 'fuck off' and demand that he speak to Sherlock, but, he didn't was to risk it. He wouldn't play with Sherlock's life. "I'm listening
Mycroft looks disturbed by this fact, but again, he says nothing, not even when Sherlock turns up his morphine, and when he falls asleep, he dreams of the first case with John Watson. It's his best dream in a long time.
Sherlock pulled away, forcing himself out of John's arms as he stared at his best friend in horror. "Y-you can't do that, you have a wife!" He shouted.
"John!" In the background, he could hear police sirens and people yelling. He couldn't make out a word, but he knew where they were. "We haven't found a damn thing. The security camera where you two were attacked have been disabled, so there's nothing there. There's simply nothing here, John. I'm sorry." Lestrade sounded exhausted. And anxious. Sometimes John forgot how much Detective Inspector Greg Lestrade cared about Sherlock Holmes. Not many people cared for him after all.
He's right, of course, the moment the doors are shut, he sees Mycroft hand the young nurse a card, and they exchange a few words then a handshake, and of course she said yes. Of course.
