For some reason, that thought made Castiel feel nervous. "Are you okay?" he asked. Dean looked at him and grinned, though the injuries looked new. "I'm fine, just got into a small fight last night. Sorry I couldn't make it by the way."
Dean held his chin and forced him to look up, but there was still no fear or hate. Dean was smirking, and it wasn't like the smug smirks he was used to. This smirk was darker; sharper. He jerked his head, signaling for Castiel to look behind him. So he did, only to see a body with long cuts all over and the intestines spilling out on the sidewalk, the killing method of the Hellhound. It was only then that he noticed the blood that covered Dean and realized why his lover seemed so calm about the whole thing.
On his walk home, he realized he hadn't killed anyone since he was so busy talking to Dean. Normally, he would feel slightly annoyed, but it was so
It was better than Castiel had ever imagined. The kiss was short but full of love. It was sweet and gentle and Castiel wanted more. In the end, the two didn't go to the cafe. They somehow ended up cuddling on Castiel's couch watching a movie, not that either of them was complaining.
This time, Castiel didn't have to fake the uneasy look on his face as he walked out of his house. Since it was a Saturday, he didn't have work but he was making a trip to the grocery store. Everyone looked uneasy today since now there were two killers on the loose. His neighbors warned him to stay safe, and he forced a smile on his face as he said he would.
The movie ended two hours later. Castiel was right. It did have some murder and violence, but it didn't faze him. He watched Dean's face closely during those scenes, trying to see if Dean was bothered. Dean didn't even flinch when the victims screamed, while basically the whole theater jumped.
Castiel nodded. It did sound like an interesting movie. It would likely have some murder or violence, and it was a good chance to see how Dean would react to it.
When Castiel found a victim, he seduced her. She agreed to come with him quickly, and as soon as they were out of the club and Castiel was sure no one was around, he knocked the no-name woman out. He dragged her to an old warehouse a mile away from the club. The warehouse was where he would take his victims and have fun with them before taking them to some other part of town and making his signature wings.
He reached inside of her chest, ignoring her screams of pure agony, and violently ripped out her ribs as she bled out. She was miraculously still alive by the time he finished since he made an effort to avoid injuring her heart or lungs, but she was fading fast. He smiled at her sadistically as he positioned her ribs on the ground until they looked like bloody wings. By the time he was finished, she was dead. He waited a minute though, making sure she was definitely dead. Once he was sure, he took the gag out and walked back to the warehouse. He took off his gloves and blood-stained clothes, changing into the spare set of cloth he always kept at the warehouse. He put the bloody clothes into a trash bag which he carried home so he could wash them.
"Yeah, I'm looking for the club to tell him what happened but it's almost midnight dude, I don't think I'm gonna find it in time."
"I just don't want to mess this up, Sammy."
Castiel looked up when he heard the door open and in walked Dean. The butterflies in Castiel's stomach had multiplied tenfold and he was incredibly nervous. Dean walked over to sit next to Castiel as he had every night for the last three months. They talked about anything and everything until Castiel finally mustered up all of his courage. "Dean, would you like to go on a date with me?" he asked while blushing.
The next night, Castiel dressed up. He wore a white button-up, his signature blue tie, a pair of jeans, and some black shoes. Dean had told him to dress in comfortable clothes, and this was as casual as Castiel got.
The rest of the night was normal, the two spent it chatting away. The Angel Killer had slowed down a bit, no longer victim every two to three weeks, now it was one or two victims a month. Talking with Dean made that itch go away. That itch he got whenever he needed to kill someone, it went away when he was around the taller man. Castiel didn't know why, but he wasn't complaining.
He walked into the club, almost wincing at the loud sounds and flashing lights. He walked over to the bar and sat on a stool as he exchanged small greetings with the bartender, who knew him since he was a regular. A man walked in a few minutes later, while Castiel was looking around for his next victim. He sat next to Castiel, and the killer couldn't help but admire the man's beauty.
These thoughts frightened him since he didn't want to ruin what he had with Dean. In a matter of months, Dean had wormed his way into Castiel's heart and became his best friend.
"Dean, I'm telling you, be more careful. From what you told me, Castiel is probably worried sick since you never showed."
Castiel took in the sight since it was unusual for Dean to be anything but confident. So to know Castiel had made Dean flustered made him feel giddy. "That sounds fun," Castiel replied, a small smile on his face as he took in every detail of the beautiful man in front of him. He knew this was a bad idea; just because he was careful didn't mean he wouldn't get caught. But it was so
Two years. The two had been dating for two years. In those two years, not once had Castiel slipped up. He hadn't done anything that would let Dean know about his little hobby. He had been extra careful, not wanting to ruin the great thing he had with Dean. Yet as he walked out of an alley, covered in blood and razor-sharp knife in hand, he bumped into none other than his boyfriend.
By day, he was an English teacher at the local elementary school. By night, he was the famous serial killer, the Angel killer.
"Dean, may I ask you something?"
Honey Bee? When did you start calling me Honey Bee? Don't worry about it, things happen. I'm doing fine."
Dean nods. "Yeah, I just moved a week ago and decided to walk around town tonight. To get used to the place." Castiel nodded, and the two chatted for a couple of hours. When Castiel checked the time, he realized it was 11:47 and the club would be closing in less than 15 minutes. He was shocked, as it had only felt like a few minutes. "I have to go now as I have work in the morning." He told Dean regretfully. Dean looked at him and nodded. "I should go too, it's getting late and I should finish unpacking. I'll be here tomorrow night if you want to continue this conversation." He told Castiel with a small smirk. With those parting words, Dean got up and walked out of the club; Castiel followed a few moments later after he bid good night to the bartender.
Castiel blushed and looked down as he asked the question, though fearing rejection. He was terrified he would mess up the relationship he had with Dean since he rather be in emotional pain with Dean as his friend than be in emotional pain and be alone. "Would you like to be my boyfriend?"
He did the same as he did last time; look for a dark corner, find someone, seduce them, and knock them out. Instead of immediately getting rid of the body this time, he waited. The itch didn't go away, so he walked out to town. He found a couple fucking in an alley and he knocked them both out before dragging them back to the warehouse. The woman woke up first and screamed when she saw the dead body a few feet away from her.
. He was at least six feet tall, with shaggy brown hair, and wearing like three layers, which reminded Castiel of Dean. He got closer to the man, making sure to make no noise at all and staying in the shadows.
The two fell asleep there, and when they awoke, it was to still-asleep limbs and aching backs. The two shared another kiss, this one full of passion but no less sweet before Dean had to go as Sam could be a mother hen.
The man had the greenest eyes Castiel had ever seen, and his face was littered with thousands of faint freckles. He was tall, around 6 feet. He was muscular and he had short spiked dark blonde hair. Overall, he was gorgeous. Castiel realized he had been staring for a while when the man looked over at him and chuckled. For the first time in a long time, Castiel felt blood rush to his face. The man smiled at him when he noticed Castiel blushing. He offered his hand to Castiel as he introduced himself. "Dean Winchester, nice to meet you." Castiel accepted the hand as he introduced himself as well. "Castiel Novak. And likewise. Are you new here? I don't recall having seen you around before."
"Yes, I know him. We are close friends and we went on a date a couple of nights ago. He hasn't shown up since. Is he okay?"
Castiel, feeling bold, leaned up and gave Dean a peck on the nose. "You're in luck. I love horror movies. What's this one about?" Dean pulls out his phone and starts reading him the summary. "After moving to a new city, young Andy Barclay receives a special present from his mother -- a seemingly innocent Buddi doll that becomes his best friend. When the doll suddenly takes on a life of its own, Andy unites with other neighborhood children to stop the sinister toy from wreaking bloody havoc. Sounded interesting."
He tied the girl to a chair, making sure the rope was thick and rough so it would cause rope burn if she moved her wrists or ankles too much. He took out his anger on her, slicing and carving and ripping and burning. Her screams were loud even through the gag, which fueled Castiel's anger. He was angry at himself for expecting Dean to show up, for getting his hopes up. He was angry at Dean for lying to him. She was a bloody and burnt mess by the time he was almost done with her, but she was still alive. Her clothes were torn to shreds and blood-stained. Her hair was dirty with blood and parts were burned off. Most of her skin was charred or bruised, but he made sure to leave her chest untouched.
Castiel grabs her by her hand and holds her back. "Where are you going?", he asks, his look stern. "The bar, okay. I am not going anywhere alone.", Claire says and Dean can hear the annoyance in her voice.
Like a cold long winter is gone and the first flowers blossom.
"It's funny, I was alone for a long time. Even in the midst of my so-called family.", Cas continues: "Then I found Claire and now I even have people I call friends. And I might find Anna…. It is … hard to let people in when you have been on your own for so long. And yet, here I am."
"It's the least I can do. Now go, Castiel. Before they find you.", Dean says and Castiel opens his mouth to say something but decides against it.
"Don't be stupid, Dean.", Missouri says: "This house is a safe space. If I trust him enough to let him walk through my door, you can assume that he is alright and that I checked him thoroughly. I don't make mistakes twice. Now, Dean, this is Garth. Garth, this is Dean."
Dean sits before his eggs and lets Sam do all the talking. It is too early to talk anyway, at least in Dean's opinion. Sam does not seem to agree, though, as he tells Dean about his plans for the day.
"I am not. I am sorry. There is no time now.", Dean says quickly, guilt washing over him. There is not much he can do, but to help Castiel, so he adds: "We should split."
That Castiel trusts him this much means a lot and Dean wonders why he doesn't want to disappoint him. It's not like he knows the Dragon Knight, only somehow it feels like he does. Like he doesn't need to hide himself from Castiel.
Dean can feel his heart race. He found him. He really did. Or at least a first solid clue. He can work with this. He really can.
"You could have told me,'' Sam says. "So he did tell you.", Dean says happily.
"It's Dean. No one calls me by my last name. At least not anymore.", Dean says.
", Castiel says, addressing Dean. Dean looks at him baffled and his brain is running fast.
you.”
"Trust needs to be earned.", Dean says with a smile, thinking about the conversation he had about a month ago with Cas: "I am sure you did your part in that too."
"There is probably more as you pointed out so nicely with the jumping out a window thing, but that was all he felt like sharing with me.", Sam says.
hits him.
A deep sigh escapes him as he slowly begins to realize what he has lost, as the full weight of Dean
dragon."
Bobby's voice rings in his ears. Bobby understood a lot, but he never got that Dean had to make up for all the bad things. Even when he didn't know how.
"Try me.", Dean says, as he sits down on his bed again and this time, he faces Castiel directly. It's weird how somehow he trusts him. Somehow he even feels safe, while he knows, deep down, that he probably doesn't stand a chance against Castiel.
Instinctively, Dean reaches for Castiel's hand. When their hands touch Castiel tenses up. Without thinking, Dean holds on just a bit longer and Castiel eases and Dean's heart skips a bit when Castiel smiles at him.
"Nothing against my books, Dean.", Sam says as he grabs a scroll: "And do you know why? Because this one says that Castiel has siblings."
"We were some dumbasses, huh?"
“Dean…”, it is almost not audible and for a second Dean thinks it’s wishful thinking. Still, he turns around and there he is, eyes open, looking at him, those wonderful blue eyes that always saw right through him, always saw
"Who are you?", Gilda asks right away. "I am Dean Winchester. I am a Seeker." Dean can feel the tension from Gilda when she asks: "And who does seek me?" "Her name is Charlie and I informed her as well as I want to inform you, that I only seek for people who want to be found."
He senses the movement before he sees it and dodges the Angelblade by a hair's width.
She smiles and mirrors his movement as she leans back: "Don't we all have something to hide,
Beautiful. He is beautiful.
He wants to hold on, wants to keep fighting, to get back to Sam, to fulfil the last request the man who taught him human love has given him. He needs to do that. He needs to hold on to something, even if it’s just this small thing. He can do this for Dean. Like all the other things he has done for Dean.
"Dean.", Sam's voice is distant and Dean shakes himself out of it. "Sorry. Again.", Dean says and he feels like the biggest douchebag.
"It's not like I don't want to, it's just..", Sam starts but he stops himself. Dean realizes that he messed up again: "Sorry, I know losing her… it has been hard for you."
"We both know how mercilessly Dragons were hunted.", Dean says and Sam sighs: "I do. Still… you never know."
"Maybe. But I can see that he trusts you, which makes it easier for me.", Sam counters.
They moved around so much when they were younger, Dean never called any place his home. At least not after they left the only house they ever had in ashes when he was four. Sure, at Bobbys he had the closest thing he ever had to the feeling of belonging anywhere, but by that time he was far away from being a teenager.
"Sam has become a friend. And so have you.", Cas says instead of a direct answer.
"Well," Garth says looking at Missouri: "Missouri trusts you so I shall follow her example and trust you too. Our mutual friend is a red head to whom you sent someone. He said that I should tell you "Party in the back." And you will understand."
Dean is sure the day will come and he can't wait. He wonders if Castiel will visit him again tonight. He wonders what they will talk about, if he should ask something specific, if he could illuminate the room a bit more without drawing suspicion so he could see Castiel a bit better.
No, he probably wouldn't be talking to Dean in the first place.
lately."
, I don't
They fall silent for a while. Then Dean says quietly: "I could try to find him."
"Well, did you know that they can heal pretty fast when they get hurt?" Sam asks.
He holds on for just a second longer before he lets go.
"Why not. There could still be Dragon knights left.", Sam retorts. "Next thing you are telling me that there are still people living in the sewer.", Dean says rolling his eyes.
And normally this would be the part where Dean would want to ask about Castiel's special someone. Everything in him screams to just ask. It's better to rip whatever there is out right away before it grows and festers. But he just can't because he knows how much it hurt him to lose someone and to never be able to see their smile.
Dean notices that Cas didn't really answer his question but he lets it slide. Maybe one day Cas can trust him enough to tell him the whole story. But Dean hasn't told him anything about that part of his life either so he can't blame him.
"Hi, nice to meet you, I am Sam. Sam Winchester. And this is my brother Dean. What can we do for you?", Sam says, assuming this must be a client of some sort. If only he knew, Dean thinks, he'd probably be freaking out and would ask a thousand questions.
"How about we go to the tavern tonight? We could talk and introduce you to some folks?", Dean says before he thinks too much about it. Sam shoots him a surprised look and Dean already senses the inevitable intervention.
But growing old? Living a life? A real life with free will? It would have been nice.
Dean looks at Sam and thinks to himself that so many things have changed, but in the end, they’ve got each other.
The angel looks up. "Dean."
"Good. If you were anything like him you would regret even sitting here.", Charlie says.
He sighs and starts reading.
Even when he knows how much Sam would give for any information, right now other things are more important at the moment.
"You are doing this for family." It's more of a statement than a question, still Dean nods.
Dean had known that he couldn’t expect forgiveness, not after what he has done to Cas, after he had beaten and almost killed him, after he had left him behind and still Cas had forgiven him in a blink of an eye. In one sentence, just asking him if the mark is gone, caring too much about him. Dean doesn’t deserve this.
And for a long time Dragon Knights were part of this world, even deciding it's fate. Now they are mostly a memory, an echo from the past. The moment humankind had decided they were the real enemy, a scapegoat for all the problems of the world, they had lost.
"Sersiously, Dean? A nail???", Cas says and Dean hits the breaks hard.
"Honestly, Sam," Dean says: "When was the last time you went out with friends. Or with someone special?" Sam shrugs and he shakes his head while he avoids Dean's eyes.
"So you asked around?", Dean says instead. "Of course I did. I had to be sure I wasn't running into a trap.", Castiel shrugs and Dean can understand that.
Dean follows her carefully. As far as Dean could learn, she has her home far into the woods.  Dean isn't sure how she would take it if he approached her in the forest, so he tries to intercept her before she actually reaches the woods.
"He helps me a lot.", Dean inserts himself into the conversation: "I am a Seeker, you must know." Dean looks Castiel straight into his eyes as if he could find his answer there. Castiel's eyes are still the bluest blue, still full of a promise unfulfilled and Dean wants to drown in them.
Dean has been here for 5 hours already. It is the 5th day that he sits in this bar and waits. Maybe his information was wrong after all. It was just hearsay in the first place. A guy that matched Castiel's description has been seen in this bar once or twice last month. It's not a lot to go on, Dean knows that, but a lead is a lead and it wouldn't be him to not follow any clue he finds.
"No way." Dean takes his hand off the wheel and bites at the ragged cuticle on his thumb until blood beads at the skin. He wiggles it in Cas' direction without taking his eyes off the road. "This hangnail I just ripped."
"I heard you talking in there," Sam said, nodding towards the door. "One of your guys?"
He wants to look at him, but doesn't. Cas'll make a move eventually, he reasons. He's got to.
Dean's heartbeat climbs painfully up his chest until it rests in the divot of his collarbone. He didn't know Cas was capable of making those sorts of noises. Forget the Gregorian calendar; the passage of time will now be marked by how frequently he's able to get Cas to make that noise again.
The bed moves then, and Cas retracts his hand. Something constricts in Dean's chest, a steel band that prevents him from drawing in a full breath. He doesn't have the motor skills right now to ask Cas not to go, and feels like a chump for even attempting it.
"The—what?"
It takes all the energy he has left, but Dean smiles back. "Fucking… fucking copacetic, dude."
she whispers, and he can hear the sound of her truck idling in the background. "
Dean watches her for a moment. Claire matches his slow, uneven pace, mouth tugged down into her typical flippant frown.
"She's a witch, dude, she probably wants you to grow shit for her," Dean says, eyeing the plant starters. He recognises a decent amount of the flowers Cas is interested in, which is not at all reassuring.
Her eyes flicked up to him. "I'm here to do my job, not pass you notes."
"I'm aware."
"Yeah, get in line." He watches the empty fields pass them by out of the passenger window, wincing whenever there's a bump. He either needs to check the suspension, or Charlie's driving over every single pothole in the road.
And Dean deals. It pickles his brain to think about it, and maybe he sleeps with a pillow hugged to his chest every night hoping desperately that he'll wake up the next morning and find Cas sleeping beside him, but he deals. It's not like this has never happened before, anyway. He's certainly gotten into fights with Cas in the past. They've even done the extended silent treatment thing to each other, and Cas can be a petty and stubborn asshole when he wants to be. Which he's doing right now, except that this time, what's on the line is a lot more than friendship. And Dean's got no leg to stand on. Anything he can think to throw back in Cas' face sounds stupid inside his own head, nevermind out loud. Sorry you're such a good person, you asshole. Sorry you care so much. Sorry that all I'm good for these days is being someone you need to babysit. Sorry I can't even do my fucking job right anymore. Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. The words aren't good enough, especially the way he always manages to say them.
There were some who had stronger convictions; those who were still bound to the constraints of taking orders, but better at managing their own conduct within a given set of parameters. The problem was a compound one—angels were bad at operating without orders, but they were also bad at giving them when they didn't come from above. And as Jonah continued their conversations, Castiel was beginning to suspect that Metatron's location was a secondary objective. What Bartholomew truly wanted from him was the methodology for producing free will in angels, oblivious to how impossible that request was. Naomi had apparently told her understudy far less than Castiel originally suspected.
Castiel huffs and averts his eyes. If Dean wouldn't know better he would think that Castiel is embarrassed.
"I am not sure this is a good idea. After all, you are a Hunter.", Castiel says carefully.
"I hate that guy.", Sam states matter of factly: "He almost tried to kill me once for daring to say that Dragon knights have rights too."
Dean can't help it, he laughs, even when he knows that Sam is dead serious.
"All I understand is that you are a nerd.", Dean says sitting down opposite of Sam.
The voice of his dad still rings in his ears. He shakes his head to get rid of it. His dad is dead, he reminds himself. He doesn't have to take all the blame onto himself anymore. He doesn't need to follow his rules anymore.
Not that Dean could relate, he never got attached that way to anyone. Sure, Cassie came close and in a different life, they might have had a chance, maybe with Lisa and probably even with Benny.
A Dragon Knight in front of him, in flesh and blood. Sam was right. There is at least one of them still alive and Dean somehow found him.
"We shall meet again, Dean.", Castiel says and jumps out of the window. Dean's heart skips a beat. Quickly, he gets to the window and only sees a shadow running away from his house.
"Of course I won't!", Sam says, offended: "I wouldn't want to risk his life only because I wanted to be right or to prove something to the Council. Nothing is worth that. So I guess I have to try to get as much knowledge from him as I can and then look for something in the various scriptures to confirm it."
“Cas, wake up.
But Cas is still breathing in and out, still just lying here unconscious. Dean would pray if he knew to whom he could pray. But there is no one else but Cas he wants to pray to. Not that he hadn’t tried that too. “Cas…”, Dean starts again, but he is at a loss for words. Instead, he takes Cas’ hand in his hands, holds onto it as if he is holding onto his own life. Cas’ hand is warm, alive. Cas is still alive. This thought is somehow soothing, giving Dean some peace. Cas isn’t gone yet, there is still a chance. There is still some hope. Dean needs to have this bit of faith otherwise he doesn’t know how he should keep going.
How Dean has saved the world one last time and died for it. But still, something inside of Cas doesn't want to believe that, is holding on to a non-existing hope, filling him with a longing that had slowly but steadily grown inside of him. And never really went away after... was it Purgatory or before that? He doesn't know anymore and he certainly doesn't care. It doesn't matter anymore. Maybe it's his own longing, his own pain and want.
"Which leaves one big question open before we can proceed: What do I get in return.", Dean asks.
"You know that I only bring back people who want to be found.", Dean says as he drinks from his beer.
As if he had held his breath for far too long and he finally can breathe again.
Dean sighs and looks at his brother. Sure, he is good here, but Dean is sure it also can get very lonely.
"Yes, we do. I have to show you sometimes. I am actually a Man of Letters.", Sam says and Castiel smiles. Dean doesn't like this, there is a small ping of jealousy inside of him that he wants to shake off. It's stupid and senseless.
All these times he had told himself that this would just complicate things, that it was easier that way, he had known that he was just lying to himself.
"It's nothing.", Dean says not only to keep the conversation going, but because he is genuinely interested: "So, how was he? Gabriel, I mean."
Dean shakes his head. It's not like this was a topic they talked about at any point.
"That sounds amazing. What kind of scripts are you collecting? I probably could help you find some."
It's hasty and messy, it's needy and for sure not perfect. But it is Cas. And that is all that matters right now. Cas. Safe. Here. With him.
As they moved, they encountered less and less of Bartholomew's men. The strategy was clear—keep his main force fighting Hannah while scouts searched the building for the Winchesters. And if what Theo had said in the cell was any indication, Bartholomew had a vested interest in securing both brothers.
"You know I can't play video games, right?" he asked, making her look over at him. He waggles his sling.
"My bag?"
Charlie arches a brow. "I can bump it up to weekly if you want."
"Well," Jody hums, "what's the worst you think could happen with this—lady friend of yours?"
He drifts blissfully in Large And Strong Land for an unknown length of time. It's disrupted when the bed moves, and a sudden chill sweeps over his chest. Cas is gone. Not good.
"I know, brother." Castiel was too exhausted to offer a smile. "It's alright."
"Look, it's not—it's not like that."
Three more check-ins go by without fanfare. Dean tucks the shaft of the shovel under his arm so he can shove his hands into his jacket pockets as he continues his next circuit, clenching his fingers into fists, hoping to regain some semblance of feeling in them. He wants a cigarette, he wants this job to be over, he wants his own bed—and not the shitty mattress in their motel room, either. He wants his own bed, back in Kansas, safe and sound.
Why the fuck is it so quiet?
But Cas is moving, tapping his cheek to get his attention, and Dean musters the strength to speak. "Huh?"
"I'm gonna help him change his shirt, dumbass."
Dean grins. "Oh yeah?"
The vice grip Cas has on his hips is almost painful, and still he wants him to go harder, press deeper. Dean's greying out from the white-hot thrill of every rock of his hips, every mumbled instance of his own name from Cas' lips. His brain empties out of everything, every coherent thought he's ever had or will ever have. It's only Cas, only the next strike of their hips together. Closer, now, the head of Dean's dick rubs against Cas' stomach, and he can feel his skin slicking with pre-come. He's so close—
"Y'know, something like ceramics or gardening is probably less dangerous," Dean says, doing his best not to sound strangled. Both of Cas' hands are a mess of scrapes. He's probably got splinters, too.
"Then what is it?"
Dean's got it bad enough now that he's consciously practiced
"Yes," he says defensively. "Whatever. My point is—"
Dean sighed. "Whatever. We aren't going to a hospital unless you wanna let him fingerpaint on the windows to keep other angels away. I'm sure the nurses will love that."
"Like maybe two cases of beer. Or… more?" He squints down at her.
"What does—" What a ridiculous question. He grips the table with his good hand. "Yes. Obviously."
Dean smiles, warmed inside. "Anytime."
"Before I left for Breckenridge to help Sam and Eileen," Cas says, holding up a finger for him to wait. "You seemed upset that we hadn't slept together in a while."
Dean purses his lips. There's a tiny cut on Cas' forearm, which is conveniently positioned by Dean's shoulder, and he presses the pad of his thumb over it, hiding it from sight. "I was really cold, you know, without the shirt," he says, laying it on thick, and runs his hand up and down Cas' arm. "And you were so warm. Just laying there next to me. Nice big, strong arms—"
The sound of approaching footsteps makes him freeze, holding his breath. He debates the merits of whether or not he should pretend to still be asleep, but he's already moved around a bunch, and if there's a fight coming his way, he's not greeting it with his eyes closed.
"You're going to share information that is useful to us," Theo told him, watching Castiel writhe in his bonds in amusement.
She sobers a little. Jody's good at pushing personal shit down and putting on a bright face, but he knows her well enough that he recognises most of her tells, and she's wearing all of them on her face right now. "Better," she says with a tip of her head. "Now that I know it's not—you know." She gestures vaguely around them. "I can handle it. It caught me by surprise this morning, that's all. I hadn't even had coffee when I called you. Shitty way to end the week."
"You're my favourite," he tells her emphatically before bee-lining it to the kitchen.
He huffs, tongue running over his teeth. "Okay."
"Of course," he says again, squinting at Dean in confusion, though the little relieved tilt to his mouth is adorable.
Cas fixed him with a hard stare, incredulous. "You and I both know that isn't true."
the tried-and-true Winchester avoidance method, passed down from father to son, hasn't let him down before, and it sure as fuck won't now.
"We haven't finished it."
no less.
"Leave," he responded, the chords coming through clearly now. Castiel wiped at his mouth with the back of his hand. "Before I kill you."
It was dark in his room, but he could still see easily. He remembered that from last time, too. Glancing at his night stand, he saw the water bottle Cas had been drip feeding him last night, refilled with fresh water. Beside it was a piece of paper, which took him two attempts to pick up properly. Squinting down at it, he read the short note written in Cas' blunt and messy scrawl.
"Better," Cas said after a moment, sounding uncertain. "It's not fatal, merely incapacitating." He shifted on the couch, wincing. "I have to… I have to get back."
"As I said, it's difficult to describe."
"Does Cas know?" Charlie asks, not missing a beat. "That you enjoy having sex with him?"
"Which part of my statement is confusing?"
"I'm not letting you go, man, not ever," he manages to get out, because he doesn't know how else to say it, and Cas still seems like he can't believe what he's hearing. God, he's been so fucking
"It's okay," he said immediately, voice soothing. It was the tone he used on his brother when he was injured. "It's alright. I'll, uh, I'll just—"
The broken window in his cell was replaced with a sheet of iron. The wash basin came and went, always situated in the middle of the room. Theo used the water in it sometimes to get his attention, though not to talk. Castiel would be left to hang from his wrists, soaking wet, shivering in his cell.
"It's not allowed," Castiel said carefully. It certainly wasn't a lie. "But I had no choice. Jonah wouldn't have been able to heal the both of us."
"Charlie, you said?", Gilda asks and Dean confirms: "Charlie." There is a sad smile on Gilda's face. "I haven't heard that name for ages. I wonder why it is now.", she says more to herself than to Dean. She turns to him: "Tell me where to find her and I will think about it."
"So you believe in Dragon Knights?", she asks as she sits down opposite of him.
"I think I found something.", Sam says and Dean looks up from his reading. "If it is like the last time I swear …" "No, it's different. It's not a Dragon. It's a Dragon Knight.", Sam says and lets the words sink in.
"You know what the worst part is. I was right," Sam says: "And I can't even tell anyone about it."
This was true for John, always. But Dean isn't so sure about that anymore.
"Haven't heard that name in centuries. But yes, he was my brother.", Cas says.
"I know that. That is why I am worried. What if I got her hurt by trying to contact her?", Castiel says.
"I know, but it's not even midday. We’ll have water,
That was before he figured out that Cas wasn’t waking
"I am glad you are considerate.", Dean says: "After all I kinda urged him to tell you."
"I am sure they were at least sceptical and waited for your next move,'' Sam says now. "Sure they did. They even followed me to two other cities, where I pretended to still look for a Dragon Knight just to throw them off.", Dean says.
Dean laughs: "I guess she is someone you don't want to owe anything."
He nods as he answers accordingly: "
"Now that you are finally here, I want you to meet someone.", she says and Dean is surprised she doesn't give him another lecture about responsibilities.
Cas has done that, way before he realized it for himself.
Dean takes a deep breath, fighting the tears that want to force their way out, but Dean can’t allow himself to be weak, not now. He is afraid that if he starts letting the tears flow that they might never stop: “Sammy is almost gone, the world has turned into a nightmare, and there is no hope. I can’t do this without you. I need
"The rat people are a myth, Dragon Knights are real. Or at least they were. There is a difference, Dean.", Sam says firmly.
"I thought a change would do us good.", Castiel says: "And I heard this city has a very excellent library. "
"A good question. I am not sure I have a good answer.", Castiel says as he looks away, suddenly very interested in his fingernails.
"That is easily understandable.", Dean says: "But I am sure they are as careful as we are and therefore it might take a little longer."
Not everybody liked the way things were. There was a revolution, one fraction against the other. Jimmy says that he thinks this was the beginning of the end. Endless wars against each other, many good Knights dying in a senseless war.", Sam says and sighs: "It seemed to be something that made him sad, so I didn't ask further. Not very professional of me, huh?"
Dean opens his eyes, looks at Cas. Dean wonders how often Cas has watched him sleep and for the first time he understands it. Cas looks peaceful, as if nothing could ever harm him. Dean will make sure of that. From now on, he swears, he will protect him from everything that might want to get to him. Even if that is maybe a little too late now.
"I know you, you probably would hunt her down and tell her to be good to me or something like that.", Sam retorts.
But how could he say that? After Dean made it so perfectly clear where they stood.
They share a moment of silence and Dean wants her to trust him so this is good. If she is the key to his search, that is.
Cas was there when he was human, vulnerable and stripped of everything he was, when Dean kicked him out of the bunker without any good explanation, he was there and waiting day and night for Dean to come back, to tell him it was just a stupid joke. And he forgave Dean the moment he said
And maybe it is one of those things that are not really wise to do if one doesn't want to draw any attention. Maybe Dean should have told Cas to use the door at some point or the other.
that this has to be to do with Castiel being a Dragon Knight. It shouldn't affect him so much.
"At least you know now.", Dean says and Sam huffs: "To think that I had so many questions and
"I guess the perfect family doesn't exist, especially when everyone thinks that it is
"I don't see what Jesus has to do with this.", Cas says matter of factly.
Even when Dean wishes he could say that he was more than that. Friend should be enough. He should be honored to be as much. Why can't it be enough?
"I guess, I have to be the best brother then.", Dean says: "Subject change it is. Tell me what you asked Cas?"
Once he found it comforting, but all it does now is make him miss her with all of his heart.
"That is a big goal, he has set for himself.", Anna says thoughtful. "He always dreamt big.", Dean agrees: "And we need that if we want the world to change."
And now he is here. Far away from the only mission he has left, the last mission Dean gave him. Looking out for Sam, who is now alone in the bunker with... someone. Someone who banished him from being by his side to make sure that Sam doesn't do anything stupid. Focusing on Sam was easy. It took away his thoughts about how he felt, how Dean is gone.
"Can't be too busy if you are in town, boy!", Missouri counters: "Now come in before I forget myself."
Cas halts, turns around. Is he going insane now?
Cas looks puzzled, not sure of his next step. Dean wishes he could read him like he can with most people. But Castiel is not people, he reminds himself.
"Gabriel?", Dean asks as he remembers what Sam told him.
"And this makes you believe they are still around? Some scripture that could be easily fake?", Dean asks skeptically.
"First of all, I
Dean can see that now. He wishes he knew this when he was younger. But of course his dad would never tell them anything good about them. That they even might have hopes or dreams.
"I wish my family was like that. But I haven't heard of any of them for ages. If you knew my brothers, you probably would run, too. Or at least most of them." She laughs but it covers the underlying pain poorly.
"The one who sent me to seek you. I never could deny him anything.", Dean explains and Castiel nods: "I understand. I had siblings, too."
What the hell is happening?
“Cas!”, his legs carry him to Cas without his own doing. Pure relief is flooding through his whole body. Without hesitation Dean takes Cas’ hand again. Cas follows his movements with his eyes. Dean can see how the confusion turns into a small smile. Damn, he looks so good, awake, alive,
Dean waits with his eyes still closed, hopes to hear Cas waking up, hopes to hear his voice, hopes for a miracle. For something. But miracles happen in stupid movies and not in real life and for sure not in his life. At least not anymore. Cas’ breath is still even, in and out.
"Do you trust me enough to believe me when I say that this is very unlikely?", Dean asks and Cas nods immediately.
. It is my fault, this chaos and madness. And I know I had this
"I will buy you some time," Dean says: "They are not looking for me after all."
"He can, I saw it myself," Dean says.
did and I stand by my point. You could have told me."
like my father. I never will be.", Dean almost shouts. He takes a deep breath. It's alright, his father is gone, he reminds himself. Calmer he adds: "I never want to be anything he ever was."
The flame flickers and it paints Castiel's face in a beautiful light. Dean averts his eyes and pretends to look at the lamp to give him another moment to focus, those eyes fixated on him.
"Bad night?", Sam asks and Dean just nods. It's easier than to explain himself, even when it's an outrageous lie. "Maybe you should rest for a change," Sam says, but before Dean can answer, there is a knock on the door.
“What happened?”, Cas asks as he slowly sits up. “Easy there, tiger,” Dean says as he helps him, still worried: “You were out for days. I…” Cas tilts his head, this beautiful small little gesture Dean fell in love with right away. Even though he hadn’t realized it back then. “Days?”, Cas asks, his voice still husky. “I lost track of time, but a week? Maybe more? I… I thought I’d lost you.”
"I do. I know you took every precaution possible. Doesn't change the fact that I won't be at ease until we hear from her.", Cas says.
"Sam keeps you occupied, doesn't he?", Dean asks. It sounds sharper than he intends to. He hates himself a bit for it too. It's not Castiel's fault Dean has no grasp on his feelings.
"You can tell me?", Dean offers and Sam smiles. "Yeah, that is true. Even when it's no fun to tell someone who already knows. I would have loved to have seen the Council’s faces."
"I was raised to do it. It was the only thing I knew. The only thing I was good at.", Dean says more to reassure himself than to Castiel.
Dean smiles and huffs. There he is. His angel.
"She helps me.", Sam answers: "I feel better with her than I have for a long time."
Slowly Cas gets up, wipes away his tears. He still has a mission, a mission the righteous man gave him.
Dean nods and Gilda smiles: "Goodbye, Seeker.
"Gordon? Seriously?", Sam asks, glued to every word Dean says. Dean shrugs: "Word’s getting around I was looking for a Dragon Knight. He probably was all excited that he might get to kill one and maybe even find another
He should have been happy to finally get Dean to tell him that he is a part of his family, a big part, that he is worth it and that for once Cas did what he had to do and Dean didn’t resent him for it. For once hearing from Dean that Cas actually helps, that he is not useless, that he is worth something. That Dean saw how Cas was always there. And Cas was. He was there, whenever he could and even when Dean didn’t know it.
"I wouldn't. Well. Maybe." Dean says and adds: "I want you to be happy, that is all that matters."
"Which brings me to my second assumption: Maybe this one... wait, there was even a name mentioned..", Sam ruffles through his papers and Dean smiles at his enthusiasm. "This – Castiel could be out there."
Without a second thought Dean lays his hand on Cas shoulder.
"You have been nothing but patient with me. And you were right, I can't hide in the library forever.", Sam sighs and smiles weakly: "Though the thought of it seems daunting."
It takes them the whole afternoon to sort through everything. Dean knows what he is looking for, so that helps a bit. They are close to calling it a day when suddenly something perks Dean's interest.
"We don't like people who ask a lot of questions," the Redhead says like it's an unwritten law. Dean smiles as he leans back. This isn't his first melee. In fact it's the 8th city he is in this month and so far he got nowhere. He doesn't know how long he wants to give this Search but he feels like he owes Sam to at least try it a little longer.
"Okay, it's a date."
Dean huffs: "Okay, but if there is anything I can do for you, you gotta tell me."
"Is that why you stopped by?", Dean asks: "Because you were curious?"
"Because. Why else would she give me a lead? Why else ask me about family and what I think about Dragon Knights? She didn't want you to be hurt. She needed to be careful. You know how horribly wrong a Search could go if it’s someone who doesn't care about the motives of the ones who are looking for them.", Dean explains and squeezes Cas’ hand softly.
"Jack could bring you back. You and me that is. As humans.", Cas says and Dean's heart beats fast.
Something inside of Dean wants to show Sam that Cas is his friend too and that it's special, that it is even a more profound bond. That it is different.
"That sounds very interesting. You definitely have to tell me more about that at some point.", Castiel says without missing a beat.
Sam always had hope for both of them. Dean just wished this was still the case.
"I think it's my great great grand uncle with my great great grandmother. I was named after her, you know.", Anna says: "My Mum loved her very much."
Dean hopes it's true. Dean can call Castiel his friend. Cas trusts him enough to tell Sam. It is probably more than Cas has trusted anyone for a long time. It is more than Dean ever thought would be possible.
"True. But nothing can keep me at this table,
Though he never felt like he would want this, whatever
"Hey Benny," Dean says as he gets up. He looks at Castiel and Sam and smiles apologetic: "You two talk about all the books, I will be back soon." On top of it he winks at Castiel. He knows it is too much, he knows it is stupid but something in him doesn't want Castiel to have a wrong picture of Dean. And currently nothing gives a good impression.
The mark is gone now, but the price they paid is high. The worst part about that is, that it was his doing and
"I see, you are not the one I was looking for.", Dean says and she nods with a grin.
"What are you?", Dean presses his luck.
"So you don't believe in the stories of them being vicious killer, trying to get rid of human kind once and for all?", Anna asks now and Dean huffs: "Obviously not. I mean, once I did. It was what I was told almost all my life. I don't believe it anymore. I like to believe they were more like us than we want to admit. With hopes and dreams, you know. That they are good and bad and all in between, just like us."
Castiel huffs: "A pain in the ass." Dean raises his eyebrows. Castiel keeps on surprising him.
"Okay?", Dean says curiously. He wonders what Missouri has in store for him instead.
It's okay, he can wait. Right now he got a lifetime ahead.
"Cas can't be the reason for that.", Dean says, trying very hard to swallow his jealousy down. There is no reason to even assume this and yet Dean can't help it.
"Did you know that you are an angry sleeper? Like a bear.", Castiel states and Dean doesn't know if he is serious or not. Maybe he is still dreaming after all?
"Okay. And what does that have to do with telling him?", Dean keeps asking. He doesn't know what he wants to hear.
Dean asks himself for the hundredth time why he is even doing this. Chasing a fairy tale, because there is nothing else to it. Even when Charlie claims to know someone who's great great great grandmother was a Dragon Knight, even when this would be true, what hope is there that he will ever find that Castiel? For all he knows Castiel could have died 10 years ago.
"If you behave, you might meet her.", Sam says with a huff.
Dean has found Cas.
"He is. Therefore I will insist that he has to answer my million questions. Of course after he told me I asked probably only three of them, I got a bit too excited.", Sam says: "I definitely need to make a list."
But Castiel shakes his head: "If he is out there, he doesn't want to be found. Being a Dragon Knight these days is hiding, changing identity every few years, trying to fit in. I understand why a lot of us have given that life up and became human." Dean perks up. That is something he never heard before.
And if Dean's heart swells at the thought of spending more time with Castiel, no one has to know.
The memory doesn't sit well with him. Thanks to Gordon and his gang he lost Castiel again the minute he found him. He waited two weeks in town, not only so that Gordon would believe his spiel but because somehow he was hoping Castiel would actually find him. But of course he didn't and Dean is sure that he won't find him again.
"There is one thing, Dean. One you should know.", Cas says after a while.
His fist hits a bone and he can hear a huff as he looks up and sees dark hair and blue eyes.
Dean doesn't hesitate to go inside. He knows he should have stopped by but then he doesn't really want to take on any job that is keeping him too far away for too long. The last month he mostly only took on small Searches in town and Missouri being, well Missouri, was getting suspicious.
to find her. She shouldn't feel like she
And if there is anything left in this world he will fight for, it’s to protect Sam, to be there when he needs him, to be a brother, a family, even when it’s not the one he needs right now, but he will do everything to keep him from doing something he might regret. For that, Cas has to get back on his feet, has to get back to the bunker. Get back home.
Anna smiles: "For me it probably was my youngest brother. He kept me sane."
Of course, Dean thinks, what else would someone want from him. It's the only thing he is good at, the only thing he can offer anyone.
"To answer this shortly: My brother found a scripture with your name and asked me to find you.", Dean explains. "That simple?", Castiel asks a bit in disbelief. Dean shrug: "What can I say? It's how it is."
Castiel laughs. "Yes, actually, he does. It's nice to teach some Enochian to him."
Cas softly squeezes Dean's hand.
to come with you. I am sure you will give her a choice."
Cas smile grows even bigger: “I love you too, Dean.” Dean wants to laugh and cry at the same time but instead he leans forward so that there is almost no space left between them. “Say that again,” Dean whispers and Cas huffs: “I will say it as many times as you want, Dean. I love you. I always did, I always will.” “Always, huh?” Dean asks and his eyes flicker to Cas’ lips and he thinks that he really wants to kiss those lips now. “Of course,” Cas answers as if it is obvious, as if this doesn't mean the world, as if this isn't the best thing that happened to Dean for a long time. As if those two little meaningless words aren't more than he needs to surge forward, to kiss Cas like his life depended on it. And everything melts away when Cas kisses back.
got to Sammy.
. And I never would have hunted a Dragon Knight.", Dean says and he realizes that he sounds angry. Probably because this is all in his past and it still comes back at him once in a while.
“I can’t lose you, Cas. I can’t..,” Dean’s voice breaks as he can’t hold back the tears anymore. “Dammit, Cas,” he whispers as he raises Cas’ hand to his lips. Dean closes his eyes and he can taste his own tears as his lips touch Cas’ hand, can feel the softness of his skin, hears the beating of his own heart in his ears. “Please…,” he begs for the hundredth time, and he knows that he will not stop until Cas is awake, until he is with him again, until he can tell him face to face what he feels, what he should have told him years ago.
"Alright.", Cas says: "I will stand still and do what I have been doing the last few days."
"Thank you, Dean.", Castiel seems to mean it.
"You are Charlie's friend.", Dean says matter of factly and Garth nods grinning: "Yes, I am. She sent me to you. Your assumption was right. Charlie is an acquaintance of  Anna’s. Anna approached her to find some of her family and that task had been almost impossible. Until you came along. I don't want to give away any more details, I probably said too much already anyway. Nevertheless I would like to discuss everything else with the person who I am actually here for."
", Dean corrects him immediately: "I am a Seeker now."
"Look, Sam. I know all that Dragon stuff is important to you and I know you really want this. It doesn't change the fact that if there are any dragon knights besides Castiel left, they don't want to be found. And I don't want to risk the life of anyone else by chasing them. I am sorry."
"Hello, Dean.", he says, his voice deep and rough.
"Sam, this is a very thin theory you got there. You don't even know if there are Dragons left and now this? You need more before you bring this to the Council.", Dean says and Sam sighs: "I know. Why do you think I am here? I want to hire you to find me this Castiel."
"It's not your duty to tell me anything. And I wouldn't ask you to.", Dean says carefully. He leaves the
The man hesitates and tilts his head slightly to the left as Dean takes a step back to get them apart. He can feel that his opponent could strike again any second. But he doesn't, instead he lets the tension go.
"Look, Cas, there could be a lot of reasons why we haven't heard of her yet. Maybe the information takes longer to arrive because there was a roadblock for example. Maybe she is extra careful or has other matters that need to be shorted out before she can send a message back.", Dean says: "No matter what, there is nothing we can do right now. We will have to wait until we hear from her."
"One last time?", Dean asks and Cas nods. "One last time. Together."
He steps inside the small and cozy house. It instantly feels like entering a safe space.
"Oh, trust me, we weren't even perfect from the outside and it changed nothing. There was one adult that tried to help us, who was there when we needed him. I think he is the reason I didn't lose my faith in humans entirely….", Dean says and he wonders why he is telling this to Anna, a total stranger.
All Dean ever heard was the same lines, again and again.
"It's true.", Castiel shrugs: "He loved to play pranks and he never took anything serious. Or at least he wanted everyone to believe that. When I was younger, I thought he was invincible, he always seemed like nothing could get to him. But I eventually saw how unhappy he was." Castiel smiles softly: "I imagine him being happy now."
Castiel huffs and puts his Angelblade away: "Some don't. I don't have the luxury of trusting people easily anymore."
In hindsight his father probably never really cared but that's a whole lot of topic Dean rather not think about.
Dean raises his eyebrows questiongly.
"You didn't try to kill me.", Castiel says matter of factly. "Why would I do that?", Dean asks, eyebrows raised. "You are a hunter. And yet you helped me escape.", Castiel elaborates.
"I personally believe it is not true. That it is the only thing you are good at. People in this town seem to believe you are good in Finding.", Castiel says and Dean almost says
Dean looks into Cas blue eyes, full of warmth.
Blue. Like an ocean. Like the sky filled with endless stars. Dean swallows the rising feeling down. He
Not that he would try, after all Castiel really didn't want to be found. That much was clear.
That was before he knew that
"Maybe I can help you.", Dean offers with a beating heart.
"Kind of is not really an answer.", Dean says a bit confused and Garth laughs: "Yeah, true. What I meant was that we have a mutual friend or more I guess a mutual friend of a friend."
.", Anna says and her mind seems to be far away.
A friend. It should be enough. Why isn't it enough?, Dean thinks and bites his lips. He will not say anything about this. Cas cannot know.
"What do you want?", Dean asks, because this is getting him nowhere.
"Have you heard anything?", Castiel asks before he is even fully in the room. Dean huffs. "Patience, Cas.", he says.
"Thank you.", Gilda says and after a moment of silence she says: "Tell her she has to wait for me. But we shall see each other again, eventually, if she is willing to be patient. Will you?"
with you before. When you told me that I can’t save
Tears are falling down his cheeks and Cas lets them. He wants to hold on to that light inside him, to the longing that just doesn’t vanish, he wants to hold on to the memories, to the touches, to the small prayers Dean sent him sometimes.
when he had time for it. When Cas was with him. But there was always something else in the world. Always something else that seemed important. And deep inside, Dean knows that these are all poor excuses. The truth is that Dean was terrified of these feelings, afraid of what could be, what would change, and if Cas is feeling even the same.
Sage and I glance at each other. I response before she could make up a lie. Sage takes forever to think up a lie.
As both of them smiling with pride for their kids, Sage and Destiel take a look at the bizarre discussion.
Castiel looks so distressed and thinking hard. That makes Eileen nervous. She had not seen him like this in a long time. It has been 17 years long.
Sam signs, “What is the matter? You look like you have seen a ghost.”
Sam signs, “Nice to meet you guys. Hey, I have a quick question. What is today’s date?”
Just before we leave, I come in and buy the chocolate-peanut butter pie, not just a slice. The whole thing. This decoy Sam makes me nervous and I need something sweet. Big loads of sweet and this is it.
As I thought about my dad, I scamper around my bed and found some clothes I plan to wear today. I look outside quickly. I want to feel the weather so I open the window and put my arm out there like I always did every day.
Sage pauses and look. She is giving me a strange look.
I sign, “Okay, thank you for letting us know that something or someone supernatural is in this world. We will stay alerted and on the lookout for that. However, I am not sure what you want us to do?”
Aunt Eileen signs, “Oh! He seems like an older man. I thought he is around your age. Haha. That’s really cool, Sage! I am glad to see that people like him make you smile. It’s nice! Do that often. Oh and the cookies are ready! But I see you have brought your pie, Destiel."
I smile as she offers me variety kind of sweets. I love her for being so considerate.
I sigh, roll my eyes and sign, “Goddamn genetics.”
Cas looks like he has been shot. It is like he has been paralyzed.
Sage signs, “Are you ok? What is happening to you? First, you WERE floating in midair. And now this? Should we skip school?”
Before I ask, he says something that makes me question.
It looks like Uncle Cas has not even budge at all!
I fly with speed through the clouds and the sun is hitting me with the rays. I look back to see my dad catching up to me. For a second, I laugh with joy. I am having fun with my dad, for once.
The afternoon goes so fast. I feel like I have the speed for blinking.
I fall on Sage. I relieved because I am not flying in the air anymore. Sage nudges me to get off. I get off her.
To be quite frank, I honestly do not care if I can fly or not. I am very grateful that Castiel Novak gets to be my dad. I love him very much. He is very loving and devoted. I honestly am surprised he is still single to this day. I know many people would not want to date someone who is a douchebag. Especially someone who is very much similar to Dean Winchester.
Sam sighed beside him, deflating. "Thanks, Cas."
"Was it—" Dean blinked, his eyes unfocusing for a moment. "Enjoyable?" he repeated, as if he'd never heard the word before. "Cas, that was…."
"Good. They like living in crypts if they can manage it, so we should start there." He nudges Charlie with his elbow, and she glares at him. "Wanna go for a walk?"
a bed, which gives Dean a pretty decent head start. It's easy enough to imagine leaning over and kissing Cas' jaw, sliding a hand across his chest and settling it on his bicep like it was a specially crafted handhold just for Dean. Cas would make a very specific noise, deep and thrumming and low in his throat, whenever Dean did that kind of shit, a noise that guarantees he's getting laid. And Cas would be on him in no time, holding him down against the mattress, sucking hickeys into his neck, working his fly loose, shoving his jeans off like they're on fire. Cas fucks like a man on death row, like every time is going to be the last time he ever touches Dean and nothing in all of Creation is going to pull him away. He wonders if that's his fault, that Cas feels like he's always on the verge of losing him, and then shoves that away for later. No interruptions.
"Stop what?"
His field of vision is pitched sideways. Dirt and bone splinters cling to his cheek as he moves. His head feels like it weighs a thousand pounds. With the way he fell over, his body is obscuring his line of sight. He can't even see the door from this angle.
"No, it isn't." Cas ducks down to kiss him, halting further discussion, which is perfectly fine with Dean. Arguing about movies is for losers who aren't having sex.
"Are you sure you're alright?"
Apparently the question isn't rhetorical. Cas is glaring at him, waiting for an answer. Dean's mouth forms around words, and then a few more, and then he discards all of them and decides on something else entirely.
Castiel collapsed to the floor on top of Jonah's lifeless vessel. The angel's Grace thrummed through his body as he swallowed the last of it down, already knitting together with his own, repairing steel connections and reinforcing the marble. His chest swelled with renewed power, staggering him. He was still broken, still battered and mangled and in need of repair, but the pain throughout his vessel was only a distant fact in his mind now, cause for concern instead of panic. Castiel braced an arm across Jonah's chest to steady himself.
He turned to watch her pace. "I didn't say where I was going."
Castiel circled around from the other side, meeting Sam. Dean was in poor shape—gore on his clothes, though most of it likely wasn't his; bruises on his face from fighting; eyes bloodshot and rimmed with red; blood smeared across his mouth, glistening between the grooves of his teeth. That blood was also not his.
He grins at her. It's about the closest to absolution as he's gonna get. "Cutting my head off must've felt pretty good, though."
"Because I don't." He forces himself to sit up. His head doesn't give him any grief when he does it, which is promising, and the room doesn't spin when he slips to the edge of the bed and plants his feet on the floor. "Turn on the lamp."
"Don't touch him," Castiel warned, seeing Sam reach for his brother. He let go of one of Dean's arms and grabbed his head, shoving it down so that it wouldn't hit the hood. "Get in."
So instead Dean does the responsible thing and holds a hand up to stop him. There should be some sort of award for the amount of restraint he's showing. "I'm good," he says, leaning against the doorframe and trying not to be so obvious about the fact that he's using it to keep himself upright. "I'm good."
"Wait, you met a king?" Dean frowns. "Does Heaven tangle with kings a lot?"
make moves; he didn't make a single move for an entire decade. It's his whole deal, really. Hurry up and wait seems to be Cas' motto, and for some reason, this continues to be a revelation for Dean. He resents it sometimes—a lot, sometimes—but since he's recently committed himself to working out his interpersonal conflicts like a well-adjusted human being, he has to set that aside. Someone really ought to give him a medal for this shit. If only his twenty-six year-old self could see him now.
him, and Castiel reasoned that if anything, this was a worthy thing to surrender himself to.
"Can I ask what you're doing out here, sir?" The beam lowers, and after Dean blinks the white spots from his eyes, he sees one of the beat cops staring down at him. Fuck. At least he hasn't pulled the machete out. That would be awkward.
Castiel helped him up, keeping his jacket draped around Dean's shoulders, and collected his washcloth and water bottle before leading him towards the doors to the hallway.
Dean comes to the brave decision to sit there and do nothing just as someone ducks into the room. He sees Claire, backlit by the shitty electric lantern, a machete hanging by her side sticky with blood.
Mary even makes a surprise visit. Dean figures doing clandestine hunter work for a foreign government gets kinda tiring after a while. She brings beer, though, and asks if she can stick around for a couple days, so he can't complain too much.
"Don't," he said. "Don't apologise. I'm telling you this because I don't know what comes after, either. But if you're—if you're willing to continue, then…."
"Hello, Sam." He pushed the pages back to where they'd been laying before. "I hope it's alright that I'm here. I was looking for a… quieter place than the command centre."
Dean trailed a hand across the wall for support as he shuffled to the bathroom. Thankfully the lights were off in the lavatory, though that was probably because the switch was still punched into the wall. He smiled faintly as he felt the broken plastic in the socket on his way inside.
"The one and only."
"I know," Charlie muttered, her words coming out mumbled from the propped up fist pressing into her cheek. "This shit is boring. And it sucks to read."
"Alright, you know what, I don't wanna do this shit anymore—"
Everything is still on track. If they're fast, they can get all this shit wrapped up by dinnertime today, and by then he'll be good enough to drive so Charlie can sleep on the road. They'll be back in Lebanon by midnight, just in time for bed, and bam, Bob's your uncle. The trickiest part of the plan is actually ganking the suckers. Being vertical outdoors is still a work in progress for some fucking reason. It's been nearly two weeks; he should be done with all this shit by now.
"No," he says automatically, and then considers her question. "No," Dean says again, more confidently this time. "I mean, we did sort of, just before you got here, but not like—we aren't fighting, or anything."
Dean's not in a motel room now, and there's no television handy. The room smells like rot, not old cigarette smoke and cleanser. The noise that wakes him is not music; it's screaming.
Dean hummed in agreement. He hoped they could spare a few days off, too. He'd fucked his shoulder up digging up graves in Western Montana, and sleeping in his car wasn't doing him any favours. Maybe that was why Bobby was so goddamn pissy all the time. Maybe when he was Bobby's age he'd have a lot more than a shitty joint or two to contend with. He hoped he never got that old.
This hasn't happened to him in a while, but sometimes, when it's really early in the morning and he's coming to terms with a particularly nasty hangover, the TV in the motel room will still be on, humming out some insufferable royalty free music, the kind that plays after whatever movie he rented was over. He'll have dreams about that shitty music, hovering miserably in between sleep and wakefulness, the harsh light of the screen piercing into his eyes, the blankets way too hot and the mothball smell of the sheets worming its way into his nose until it's permanently embedded into his nostrils. And he'll lay there in bed for what feels like hours, neck aching, head pounding, accepting that this is his wretched fate, head full of static and mouth full of sour cotton. The noise and light of the TV is always the worst part, the icing on the cake, and he could shut it off anytime he wants, make reality a little more bearable, but he doesn't. He just lays there, listening to it whistle at him, watching the light flicker across the screen.
He tosses the bottle into the trash can and stands up. It's hard to lace up his boots one-handed, but he manages, and then he grabs the keys where Charlie dropped them on the table. It's time to finish this fucking case.
He wasn't sure how long they kissed. It was irresponsible of him to disregard every other aspect of reality in favour of this, including the flow of time, but Dean's mouth was soft and his body was warm and he was
"What's that?" Dean sighs as Cas begins to move. It's a slow pace, the roll of his hips languid. It surprises him, how almost casual Cas seems about this now. Even when they went slow before, he was still usually intense, perpetually on the precipice. But if Dean's proven anything today, it's that Cas has him now, unequivocally, and the frantic desperation is gone, or at least absent. All that's left is this slow, tender sort of lovemaking. Dean should be balking at the word, because his life is about as far from a romance novel as it could possibly get, but there's no other way to describe it.
Cas drops his head with a groan, forehead pressing into the solace of Dean's shoulder, and a shudder runs through him. "I would've held you," he whispers, agonised. "Dean, I would've—"
"Well, you did," Cas said with a small smile.
Castiel followed his gaze to where Jonah lay dead on the ground. "I consumed his Grace."
"We will bind your hands and feet if you don't sit still—"
Cas gives him a fond look. "And you're very high." He reaches for the nightstand, grabbing a prescription bottle off of it. He frowns at the label, then turns to look back at Sam. "Is this a high dose of morphine?"
she says back, sounding relieved. "
Dean mulls over what to say for way too long until finally going with a simple
It thaws him out a bit. Between Cas' icy silence, Sam's stupid I-told-you-so face, and Charlie's crankiness, a genuine question and look of concern is enough to make him want to run over there and give her a big ol' hug.
His chest clenched. "What happened?"
"They can't fix this," he whispered, and watched denial bloom across Dean's face, fast and hot.
"With the lasagna?"
It hurts like a bitch, but he manages to push and shove and wince his way into a sitting position. The effort leaves him winded, aching, and dizzy, and now that he has a proper view of the room he's in, he wonders if the hassle was worth it.
hot, Dean can't really deny that, but it feels weird to just think that in front of another person and not suddenly worry about the nebulous but very severe threat of telepathy. He's still getting used to that, too, but Charlie's probably a good person to practice that on.
"Good," he whispered. His eyes dropped to Dean's mouth, still in disbelief that he knew what they felt and tasted like. When he ducked his head, though, Dean pulled back.
Eventually he gets over himself enough that he doesn't look two seconds away from eating a bucket of ice cream and watching a weepy Hallmark special. Shuffling out of his room and doing his best not to look completely pathetic, Dean wanders into the War Room and finds that Charlie's already arrived, her sleepover bag slumped on the table. He must have missed the grating sound of the door over his meltdown.
Dean looks up at him again, pulling out his best puppy face. Cas' eyes are hooded, hungry, pupils wide with adrenaline. "What?" Dean says innocently, and squeezes.
Castiel glanced at the papers in front of her with interest. He'd assumed they were research notes, but there was a bubble at the top labelled
"Thank you," Cas says, and he untwists himself to face Cas again. He's got a small, faraway smile on his face, his hands cradled together carefully in his lap, like using them again too soon would be rude after such attention. "That helped."
Dean's jaw clenches. "No. Sioux Falls."
They fall quiet. Dean leans into Cas without noticing—or caring. He gets the two confused a lot these days. The joints in his fingers ache, his back protests sitting on hard metal, and his arms burn from all the goddamn lifting. And Cas is warm beside him, solid like nothing else. Dean's never had the pleasure of testing this theory, but he bets there'd be a good night's sleep waiting for him if he ever rested his head on Cas' shoulder.
Castiel absorbed that information. Perhaps his perspective had been too narrow. He considered Sam's own. "And how do you… make him get over it?"
Mary sits next to Dean, chewing thoughtfully, settled comfortably in her chair. Their current line-up is the Indiana Jones movies—Sam said something about easing mom into the beauty of modern special effects—so she doesn't constantly lean over and ask him why everyone's laughing. He's happy that she seems relaxed for once, solidly at ease with the cultural references in a cheesy mid-80s action-adventure flick, but he misses answering all her questions. Dean makes a mental note to pick from the mid-2000s catalogue for next time.
"Yeah, like buying each other presents or cooking breakfast. Cleaning an old bunker you don't even live in—"
"We don't listen to it often," Cas says with a shrug, a smile playing at his lips as he sips at his coffee.
Dean gives up on the breathing exercises and turns his head. Cas has his back to him, deeply asleep on the other mattress and miles away, breathing oh-so-quietly. Even in the dark, it's impossible to miss the broad arch of his back beneath the blanket.
He does another lap around his designated area of the cemetery, eyes peeled for any screaming phantoms, and carefully avoids thinking about anything else. Hunting for ghosts in graveyards sucks ass; it sucks even more ass doing it in Pennsylvania in the middle of March when the ground is still all but frozen. He entertains himself by listening to his teeth clatter in his head.
"What's up with Hannah?"
"I see that. Benjamin will help you."
Dean grins. "Like an orange." Or was it peach? He doesn't remember. Sam laughs again, so he probably gets the gist either way.
"Why not?"
It's too much, it's so much, it almost feels like enough. Like maybe after this, for once in his life he'll feel at peace.
"Good. Come here."
The smile on Dean's face faltered, and he dragged his other arm up from his chest to squint at his watch. "I've been in here with you for like two hours," he muttered, and then stared up at the ceiling again. "God, I hope they didn't hear anything."
"I'm sure she did." Cas heaves another sigh, and that finally seems to satisfy him. He deflates a little. "Good."
"Dean—" Cas closed his eyes, and his throat worked. He looked like he was working through something. He didn't pull away.
"Nothing. Use that one. Pick two more."
Cas doesn't move as Dean steps up the ramp and sits down heavily next to him. Eyeballing the inside of the truck, he figures they've got about another hour's worth of work. He's dreading the mattress and box spring in particular.
"Batch baking again, are we, Martha Stewart?"
He stares up at the ceiling, transfixed. It still hasn't completely sunk in for him yet, that he's actually doing this with Cas. Not just again, but doing this period, and yet their conversation in the kitchen this morning already feels like it happened a million years ago. Ancient history, long buried. He knows angels experience time differently, but apparently it extends to the people they take to bed, too.
"Very poorly." His eyes fell to Dean. A muscle in his jaw twitched. "I have a favour to ask."
Bobby said ominously, and that was the end of the call.
In the middle of the floor stood Hannah, bloodied and wounded. Oren was beside her, and at their feet lay Theo, bound and gagged. His hands twitched.
Cas' mouth tugs up in response. "I could not have anticipated you," he whispers.
Castiel spread his hands, palms up, and the steel links holding his cuffs together clinked in his lap. "It is. It's just difficult."
"Believe me, this qualifies as relaxing—comparatively speaking."
"We'll watch it again," he promises, the words murmured into Cas' ear. "You'll like it better when you're not blue-balled."
"Oh, you read those?"
Castiel scanned the exterior of the building, adjusting the collar on his coat in annoyance. The warehouse's use prior to closure appeared to be meat packaging and storage. A faded sign suspended on the southern wall read
Dean got comfortable in bed, properly settled now. Feeling brave, Castiel sat on the edge of the mattress, careful not to touch him. When Dean didn't pull away or tell him to move, he relaxed and smiled down at his friend.
"That doesn't—"
Jonah was not a soldier. He did not fight back. Blue holy fire poured from his neck, and the room filled with the smell of petrichor as Castiel guided it into his mouth.
Hannah was silent beside him in the private office. It was much more difficult to monitor the communications between angels on Earth—what Dean so aptly called angel radio—and filtering such vast amounts of information through the receiver of a human vessel took a good deal of focus and discipline. What required even more skill was sorting through what was useful, what was truthful, and what was actively harmful. Most angels had quickly discovered that the open communication lines between all of Heaven's servants was a massive liability when conducting warfare against one another, and many had flooded the channels with false reports, useless flotsam, and bursts of hostile static. Amidst the slush there were sometimes useful bits of information, but they weren't easy to find. It was a tactic pioneered by Raphael during Heaven's last civil war, and while Castiel was not particularly fond of the strategy, he admired how effective it was. Angels had long ago found ways to keep things to themselves, but lying was not an intuitive skill among his siblings. He himself was still horrible at it, despite his familiarity with the practice among humans.
I walk into the kitchen to see Aunt Eileen and Sage setting up food to put in the dining room. I ask if I need to do anything to help. They both shake their heads because everything is ready in the dining room. I grin and wash my hands.
Cas signs, “The truth. I have never wanted Destiel to lie and I am not about to start pulling lies to her. She will kick my ass, as you know. She hates lying. We both know that. She can easily figure things out, Eileen.”
Cas seems to think this very carefully, only this time, less distressed.
Sage and I go to Half Celestial High School. We live in a town called Half Celestial, which is in California. Northern part of Los Angeles. The town is very picturesque and busy. The people here are very friendly and talkative.
I close my eyes and I groan so loud.
I ask Sage if we can stop by to get something to eat. She suggests ice cream.
Mom widens her eyes.
I am about to explain, but Sage interrupts me.
I pull Sage’s arm and drag her to walk down with me.
I look back to see my dad right behind me. His face breaks into a smile. I watch with amazement.
Mmm, cupcake doesn’t sound so bad.
BUZZ. BUZZ. BUZZ.
The bed jolts as if the earthquake is trying to rescue me from perpetuating facing that strange man. Before one eye gets to open---
I wince a bit.
Jack is now the new God and he has brought humanity back.
Aunt Eileen and I share a look and we both know this is not good at all. This must be bad.
Sage gets confused and sign, “I don’t understand? What do you mean “where are they?” and why are you holding a gun, MOM??”
I barge in my mom’s bedroom to find her putting her socks on.
Cas signs, “Genetics?”
Sage perks up and I grin so hard. We see all those delicious sweets on the display. I run to the glass and smash my hands on them.
Sam seems to be alerted.
I don’t give a fuck regardless because the decorations HAVE ARRIVED. I have been waiting for them like two months or so!! The decorations are beautiful and yes, very pricy. But it is so worth it all in the end because it is perfect! I think. But other people can suck it up.
"It wasn't easy to track you down. Wasn't even sure I would find you. But now.. since you attacked me.. You waited for me. You knew I was coming.", Dean says matter of factly.
"You can do that?", he asks. "Yes, we can give up our Immortality. Us being hunted was not the driving force that made us so few. But then, even I don't know how much of us are left. Or who.", Castiel says and there is a sadness in his eyes that makes Dean want to hug him. This time, he can resist the urge.
Cas had been bloody, tied up and almost dead when he found him. And for one small moment Dean had thought that he was dead, that he had come too late this time. That he had lost him. Dean shivers at the memory, he still can feel it in his bones, the feeling of loss and hurt that overwhelmed him those few seconds before he saw Cas breathing, felt his pulse and knew that he was alive. That he was still with him. Cas was safe. Everybody was okay.
Dean already braces himself for talking about stuff he has no clue about when he hears a familiar voice.
He forces himself to turn around, to step away from Cas and his heart clenches. He doesn’t want to go, to leave Cas, but he needs to try to make what he was doing right. If he will ever be able to do that stands on an entirely different page.
But Castiel… he dared to stand up to whoever the Inner Circle was. Somehow Dean admires him for that. All of this still doesn't help him a bit in his search and leaves him with only more questions.
"Well, tell me everything you know about this
But watching Cas jumping out of his window and running down the street, knowing he doesn't do that with anyone else, made Dean feel special. Or at least that is what he chose to believe.
Dean takes a breath. He got this.
Right now there is a thin man with brown hair sitting there. He looks shy and makes himself as small as he can.
He doesn't elaborate and Dean has the certain feeling that he won't, even if Dean asks.
Dean shakes his head, he has no idea what Castiel thinks but he clearly has a very wrong picture of him.
"Your great great grandmother looks just like you.", Dean says and Anna smiles: "People keep telling me this."
asking about
"I have an idea," Dean says with a grin. He hopes that Cas really will tell Sam today because they will definitely need his help after all.
"So it's true? You are related to a Dragon Knight?"
"We are your new neighbors.", Castiel explains.
And with that Benny hugs him from behind and playfully gives him a kiss on his cheek.
The last few weeks feel like ages, so many things have changed.
His heart shouldn't feel like crushing and yet it does. Of course Castiel has a spouse. Of course he isn't alone. He probably is millenia old, how stupid of Dean to assume anything else. How stupid to think he saw loneliness in Castiel’s eyes when he clearly is anything but lonely. He has a daughter. And most likely someone he loves. Of course he does.
"I am curious now
Dean remembers the poem all too well. His mother used to recite it with her warm and soothing voice while he fell asleep. It's almost like he can still hear her.
"I hope so.", Castiel says calmly and smiles. It's open and genuine and it is everything.
"A Dragon knight? Really?", Dean huffs. Somehow this seems even more unlikely than a Dragon emerging from their fireplace.
Dean should have told him
. Because by then Cas began to realize how deeply he had fallen. He didn’t need Metatron telling him that.
It's messy, it's desperate, it's like breathing freely for the first time in a long time. It is everything.
a hunter. A long time ago. I told you. I am a Searcher now. I
"Me too, Cas. I love you too."
stage, okay?", Sam says.
"Are you even listening?", Sam interrupts him and Dean shakes his head: "Sorry, please, keep on talking." Sam snorts: "I know you find all of that boring and pointless."
Dean thinks and only now does he see the young blond woman that stands behind Castiel.
"Can we change the subject now?", Sam asks.
that it was just something that I did to put you at ease. He and his gang believed me to some degree. I mean, after all, I once was one of them. I guess I can still lie convincingly when I have to.", Dean sighs and takes a sip of his drink.
Dean smiles.. Finally he
Dean sighs heavily. He has no idea how Sam can work with these texts all day long. The few translations he already got from Sam are a bad night time reading activity since he always seems to fall asleep.
Charlie nods: "I do. It's one of the reasons I want
"I can see you have questions too. Some I might be able to answer, some I might not. And some might better stay unanswered.", Castiel adds.
Luckily Gilda opens the door and waves goodbye to someone. It is the perfect distraction, something Dean
Dean has lost Castiel the moment he found him. Or so he thinks.
Whoever wrote those scriptures was not the best storyteller. He sighs and keeps reading.
Dean sighs as he stands up, but he can sense the immediate change in Castiel. The Dragon Knight doesn't trust him. And why should he?
"You are worried.", Dean states because he can see how uneasy Cas is. "What if this was a mistake after all?", Castiel asks instead of an answer and Dean shakes his head.
Mostly looking into more books apparently. Yesterday Dean didn't care that he couldn't tell Sam about anything that happened, right now he would love to see his face when he learns about Castiel.
"Whatever you say, Sammy.", Dean says with a smile, knowing very well what will come next.
"So. You found me again.", Dean states the obvious. "I said I would.", Castiel answers, which leaves only one question for Dean, one that was with him for the past few weeks.
"You really think after all this time there are Dragons left, do you?", Dean asks and Sam shrugs: "What can I say? I am a hopeless optimistic."
Castiel nods: "Don't look for me again. If anything I will find you."
Maybe part of him wanted to know too. Wanted answers and absolution. Not that he actually believes Castiel would forgive him if he knew what he has done.
Benny intrupts the evening in the tavern. But Dean is a bit distracted.
But it is too late now.
"Hi, I am Claire.", she says rather annoyedly. Dean senses that she doesn't really want to be here.
"Who should I find?", he asks, because this – this he can do.
"That is good to hear. I wouldn't want to trust anyone with the things I have, who would think
of my ancestors were horrible.", Anna explains.
"You don't really make a lot of sense now either.", Dean says, getting a bit annoyed now: "Just tell me who is this mutual friend of ours?"
afraid. After all that has happened, after all there is. But as before Cas doesn’t move at all.
They get seated and Jo takes their orders. There is silence for a second but then Claire shakes her head. "So, what's this? Old white men's club?", Claire states as she gestures at their table. "Claire, behave yourself. You wanted to go out.", Castiel reminds her and she rolls her eyes.
"What is it?", Dean asks curiously.
"Probably.", Dean shrugs: "Or he never intended to find me. I wouldn't blame him."
"Are you looking for someone?" Dean asks, assuming he's just another client.
"Do you expect anyone?", Sam asks and Dean shakes his head: "No. You?" Sam shakes his head, too.
"We are not at a
"Well, that settles it.", Castiel says. "What?" Dean asks, confused.
, Dean scrolls himself.
"It is what I have known for most of my life.", Dean says instead of a direct answer. It's something he doesn't like talking about so he hopes Castiel gets it nevertheless.
"It has been a long time. Thank you, nevertheless.", Castiel says, looking at his hand and back to Dean in puzzlement. And Dean gets it, he probably overstepped some unwritten Dragon Knights laws here.
"I told you I don't want to go out.", Sam says as soon as they are gone. Dean sighs: "No one said you have to." "You said
"Sam?", Dean asks a bit worried.
Dean contacted Anne and all they got to do now is wait. Cas doesn't like it. At all.
Deep down Dean does know it. So he nods. Sure, he can be at peace now, yes. He can do whatever he wants now, see everyone he missed, everyone he lost and mourned. His friends. Even his family, although he is not sure he is ready for that yet.
"Dean?", Sam asks and in his voice there is some kind of worry.  "Tell me anyway?", Dean says quickly to deflect.
"I understand. I really do. I will have to keep on digging into the scriptures and pretend that all of this is just theory then. A bit frustrating knowing I could have some answers from someone who lived it.", Sam sighs and Dean huffs: "You enjoy your books way too much. You would never only listen to someone’s tales."
"Why not? People change.", Dean says.
And yet everything in him aches for more. And he wishes one day, there will be more.
"I wish I could promise you that it will be alright. But I can't do that. Instead all I can do is to tell you to hold on a little bit longer. We will hear from her.", Dean says.
"I don't think…", Castiel starts but Claire speaks over him: "We would like that. Going out would do wonders for my mood at least." It's actually the first time she said something besides their introductions, Dean realizes. It seems normally it's Castiel who speaks.
"Nice to meet you." Garth says and holds his hand out for a shake. Dean shakes the hand shortly, he never liked these formalities.
Castiel's eyes are still resting on him, unwavering, like the middle of a storm, intense and open. Dean wants to get closer, to look into them and see what else he will find there.
"Don't call me that. And will you now listen to what I found or not?", Sam asks.
"Who is that?", Dean asks and points at an old black and white sketch.
Dean should know after all.
It's an old greeting, one he hasn't heard in a long while.
"Castiel.", the man says.
They are both immediately on alert. Sam reaches for the knife and holds it behind his back as he walks to the door, while Dean deliberately stands beside the sword right next to the chair, ready to draw it any moment.
This is business, this is something he is good at. He feels safe on this battlefield. There is routine in it. And he would be actually looking for a person, not some Ghost who might or might not exist.
"You are asking the impossible.", Dean says: "I am someone who finds people, yes. But not mystical Beings that might or might not exist."
"Must be lonely.", Dean states and Castiel looks up: "Sometimes it is. But I guess we all feel lonely sometimes, even when we are surrounded by many." Dean nods, he knows exactly what Castiel means.
"I am sure you will find a way.", Dean says with a smile: "He is our friend after all."
"Do you have mead?", Claire asks and Castiel shakes his head: "No alcohol for you." "I am old enough,
you back.”
"Yes, I was curious.", Castiel finally says and as he looks up again, meeting Dean's eyes, he adds: "And I have questions. Doubts. It's complicated."
He smiles as soon as he sees them. It's a friendly smile and welcoming. He looks like he couldn't harm a soul and has never done anything bad. Nevertheless, don't trust anyone and looks can be deceiving, Dean reminds himself.
"Cas, Anna wanted to be found, I am certain of this. And if she wanted to be found there is reason to believe, she wants to find you.", Dean reassures Castiel.
Now it all seems meaningless. Even idiotic.
"Gilda?", he says loud enough for her to hear as he walks by. He senses her tensing up as he walks toward the small fountain to drink from it. Then he leans against the wall of the house nearby, waiting.
"You have to learn to celebrate the victories, Sam. Don't sell yourself short. You are good with research and I think you don't need to hide it.", Dean retorts. He wonders when his brother started to make himself so small. But then, grief does some strange things to you and while Sam doesn't show it a lot anymore, Dean knows that he still misses Jess.
"So what brings you to this city?", Sam asks and Dean thinks that he always admired his talent for smalltalk.
"How long were you watching?", Dean asks instead.  Castiel shrugs. "A week or so?" Dean can't believe he didn't notice the Dragon Knight earlier.
"Hunters.", Castiel suddenly says, tensing up as he reaches for his Angelblade: "You said you weren't one of them anymore."
"I have no doubt about that.", Dean says. "Good.", Castiel answers.
but he holds himself back.
He sighs. He truly would do almost anything for his brother. After all he is the only one he still has left. Even this. Sam of course has a life, something out of the world they grew up in. Dean made sure of it. And he is a bit proud that he managed that. Because his father sure can't take credit for it. If it were only him, Sam would have been a Hunter, too. And John almost got his way.
"You give yourself too little credit, Dean. At least I now know that he really exists. Not that I have proof despite that text. But it gives me a new perspective on everything.", Sam says and Dean can practically see the excitement bubbling up.
", Claire spits.
“Cas…,” his voice sounds small and lost even to himself, but Dean can’t help it. It’s not that anyone can
Dean can feel his face turning red and he wishes to vanish as he sees the somehow surprised look on Castiel's face.
"What the hell, Castiel?!", he says, his heart still racing.
Maybe he will lose Cas anyway, maybe he was wrong about everything in the first place. Maybe what Cas did for him was nothing more than friendship. Maybe he just doomed himself. But right now he doesn't care. He brought the Darkness into the world and he needs to see some light right now, needs to hold on to the hope that somehow somewhere there is a future for them.
Dean shakes his head to get rid of the memory of the fights he had with his old men. Sometimes he can feel the scars when he does and he just can't have this now.
It shouldn't hurt, that this is all he will ever have.
Cas lays one hand over Dean's and it's like electricity. “I am alright now, Dean. I am okay,” Cas says and he looks so worried over Dean that Dean can't help but smile and he repeats as if he can't really believe it for himself: “You are okay. You are okay. You are...” “Dean...”, Cas stops him: “You love me?”
Dean has to take his word, all questions have to wait.
, would you?", Dean says with a smile and for the first time he doesn't think this search is hopeless.
"Relax, I am finding some light.", Dean explains. "I am not used to your company.", Castiel says after Dean lights the oil lamp.
Dean is startled and every instinct in him tells him to run and hide. But he ignores it, because this isn't him, not any more. He is sick of running, sick of hiding who he is, what he feels. He lowers his head because he can't look Cas in the eyes: “You heard that, huh?... I... Yeah...”
Dean looks at Castiel, not sure what to say to that. It's true and yet..
He knows what Cas wants to tell him. He smiles because this is everything he never thought he would get.
. And I don’t know what else I can do. I am losing everything, Cas.
Even when he doesn't know a lot about Castiel, that much he can relate.
Dean looks at the transcript he got from Sam via carrier. It's always small glimpses into a world that seems far away, that just doesn't exist anymore. Dean imagines that it must be exhausting, seeing all the changes, living through so many decades. Seeing the world still spinning and suffering so much loss. Again and again.
Dean and Sam have become his family, his home. Without even realizing it they both found a place in his heart but Dean... Dean is... was different.
"Why? Because you don't trust him?", Dean says with a raised eyebrow and Cas shakes his head: "That's not it."
"It's not fake. I am sure. I haven't translated a lot yet, some of the older stuff is in old Enochian which I am not really fluent in and haven't seen in ages. That alone gives me reason enough to believe it is real." Sam says excitedly and Dean reminds him: "You’re still assuming."
"What happened?", Dean asks and Castiel shrugs: "Some day he just vanished. Like so many of us. I wish I knew if he were alive or dead. It's the not knowing that gets to you. I at least seem to never get used to it."
Still, Dean can't shake the strangest feeling of loss. It's not that he knows more about Castiel than before he found him, but something about the Dragon Knight keeps him from letting this go. Even though he has to, for his own good.
Dean doesn't know what it is exactly that wakes him in the middle of the night, but he is on alert immediately. The moon is shining through his window, illuminating everything in a soft silver light. It must be almost full moon, Dean registers. Only then does he see the man sitting in the chair by his bed.
"It's good to see you.", he finally says.
to focus on.
Dean grins too and shrugs: "All I had was a name and a very old picture and rumors."
Yet, now that Sam knows, there isn't a need for all this secrecy and the only excuse that he had for letting it slide is gone. With that in mind Dean makes a mental note to tell Cas to use the door in the future.
fault. He had been ready. So he had thought. But then he missed his chance of making the right choice. Couldn’t do what he should have done. Killing Sam. How ironic. Wasn’t that what John once told him? That he had to do it if the worst comes to pass. And even back then he had known that he will never be able to do it. He just couldn’t let go. Never could let go. Now he has to.
"You could have told me you... you were out." The words don't come easy. Some things seem to be hard even in heaven.
Dean shakes himself out of the memory, he hates how his father still seems to linger in his brain, ready to spout his poison any moment. Maybe Dean will never be able to get rid of him. He hopes one day the voice will be no more than an echo of past times, though.
"Her name is Gilda.", Charlie says and there is sadness in her voice. Gilda clearly is someone she cares about a lot.
"But I might be exactly what you need,
"He will be fine. You will see each other soon enough.", Cas answers and Dean nods.
Sam huffs: "No. No, he certainly is not. I… met someone?"
As if he was colour blind and he finally sees the world in all variety and beauty.
"Is this who you want me to meet?", Dean asks: "How do I know I can trust him?"
"But you hunted Dragons.", Castiel says quietly. Dean looks away, he can't meet his eyes.
"Thank you, Dean. It means a lot.", Sam says and after a short pause he adds: "You know it's cool that you really found him and that he's here now. No matter if I knew right from the beginning or not, he obviously trusts you enough to transfer that trust to me too. It's a great honor for me."
"Please, Dean. Can you at least try?", Sam asks with his puppy eyes and Dean sighs. As if he ever could say no to anything Sam wants.
"Why?", he asks, meeting Castiel's eyes and this time. Something seems to draw him to the man, he resists the urge to get closer.
"Cas.", Dean says carefully: "You should tell him."
Cas knows how much this weighs in Dean’s world, what a big compliment that is. So he should have felt happy about it and not.. disappointed.
“It’s me, isn’t it?” he asks into the room, sitting by the bed, but as always there is no visible reaction from Cas. “I fucked everything up, Cas. I
Castiel takes a breath and looks at Dean and for a moment Dean thinks he might reach out to him.
With two steps, he is at the door and as he reaches for the door handle he hears it.
"In the Kingdom of Moondor.", Dean answers: "It is a three days travel, so pack accordingly if you choose to go."
Still disoriented, he looks around. The Eiffeltower. Paris it is, the city of love they say. The aching pain in his heart tries to overcome him again and he pushes it back. Why he still feels the lingering of Dean's presence in it he doesn't know. Maybe it's like a phantom pain that stays with you way after you lost your hand... or heart as it is in this case. Stupid.
"Anything to drink?", Dean says and his voice sounds forced even for his liking. His head is spinning, but this seems to be a task he can do.
He found him.
"I can see that. After all you are chasing a supposedly Dragon Knight for him.", Anna says. "I wouldn't have looked for Rat people.", Dean jokes and sees the puzzlement in Anna's face. "Long story," he adds quickly: "I am willing to do this because it is something he truly believes in. And because he is a hopeless optimist, who believes that finding a Dragon Knight and learning from them could change how we see them. And how the world sees them.”
They fall silent after that, sitting there, holding hands, enjoying the silence that grows between them.
"You can sit there.", Anna says, pointing at a chair and Dean wordlessly follows her unspoken wish.
It breaks Dean's heart a little to see Cas like this.
Cas was there when Dean was a Demon and even when he saw his face all twisted, he could see the man behind that, his bright soul shining through. He would have given anything to save him, like he saved him so many times before. Like Dean has saved him, even when he didn’t realize it.
Sam laughs: "Sure. I asked him what makes Dragon Knights special. I mean, we know that they practically live forever but besides that I wanted to know what else he can do."
And hell, Dean had tried. Everything he knew and beyond. He searched in every book but he couldn’t find anything about angels in a coma. Or anything about the darkness or the sickness it’s spreading.
"Dean, Sam! I haven't seen you in ages! And you brought company.", Jo says excitedly. "Yeah, this is Ca… Jimmy and Claire.", Dean says, hoping Jo didn't catch onto his small slip there.
"I found this old scripture about one of them. Powerful, ancient and fearless. It seems to be a chronological timeline and somehow only 10 years ago it just stops for no apparent reason."
Castiel grins: "A Dragon Knight. But you know that already, don't you?"
Dean can feel how Sam's excitement bubbles up at the mention of the library. He wonders if Castiel is really into books or just pretends to be. Who knows how much research he did on them. Probably more than Dean would like while he still knows next to nothing. Specifically what this whole charade means.
"I am not sure that will satisfy my brother. He
"Good morning.", Dean hears and recognizes the voice before he sees him. His heart is suddenly racing twice as fast while he.tries to get a grip on himself.
"Yes,
"Not even a name?", Dean asks.
"You still believe that?!", Castiel says and it sounds soft. Dean looks back at the Dragon Knight. Castiel's look is curious and full of questions. There is something about this man that draws Dean to Castiel. It is probably one of those things that make out the magic of the Dragon Knights.
So far Dean hasn't read much that he thinks can be useful at all. The closest he came to a clue were city names that are mentioned.
This is Charlie's contact. It must be.
It has been months now and Dean isn't sure he wants to follow this goose hunt for a lot longer. Even when he came so far already, at some point every Seeker has to admit, that the Search is lost. But that point hasn't come yet, so there is not much else he can do.
And Dean does. He finally gets it.
"Maybe you can keep this between us? At least for now.", Castiel asks and Dean nods: "Sure."
"I can see, you are a quick learner. After all, there might be a reason why you are supposedly one of the best Searchers.", Charlie says with a grin.
"Who are you?", Dean says even when he knows it. He wants to hear it.
"I … after all this time .. believing I would never see Anna again, it seems I am tired of waiting. One would think, what are a few days compared to millenia, but somehow knowing she could stand in front of me any time now is making me impatient and grim.", Cas says with a sigh.
"How..?", something in Castiel's posture changes, but it's gone too fast for Dean to figure it out.
Dean tells himself and he gets some cups and fills them with water. The simpleness of the task helps him to ground himself to the moment. There is no sense in freaking out now. He has no idea what game Castiel plays right now. So he will play along until he has figured this out. He swears to all the Entities that he wants answers at some point.
"I…", Sam starts, but then he shakes his head: "It's okay. Maybe you are right. Maybe it's time to get out again."
"Oh, well, come in.", Sam says and shoots Dean a questioning lock. Dean realizes that he hasn't moved at all yet.
Hester had been right.
"Understatement of the century," Castiel says, looking over to Claire, who is now chatting with Jo.  "I know the feeling well.", Sam asserts. Dean shoots him a side glance.
"Of course I did. I want to know who comes to my city and who goes.", she answers and now Dean is curious. She definitely isn't who he was told she is.
"Yeah, he is not my favorite, either. At least I could convince him because of your
"It has been a month, Dean. By now we should have heard something.", Castiel replies as he sits down on the chair, like he always does. It has somehow become his spot in Dean's room.
He shakes his head, he must stay focused.
"You were right about the Dragon Knights.", Dean argues. Sam smiles: "I was. But you know best of all people, that there were a few times where none of the things I found in the books led you anywhere."
"I don't want to push you.", Dean says, still concerned.
He sighs as he stands up, pays his drink and leaves the bar. He might give it another try tomorrow, but after that it is back to searching. At least now he has a face he can look for and maybe Ash has another clue he can give him by the time his raven arrives. Dean wonders how many of them he will follow before he tells Sam that it is hopeless.
"But that can't be right.", Castiel mutters confused.
, it has been ages!"
It has become a habit to curse all those feelings that have been growing more and more over the past few weeks. At some point Dean has to deal with them, he knows that. Today is not the day though.
"I have so many questions, but yes.", Dean says: "I hope I get to meet her eventually though."
unsaid, but he is sure Sam gets it either way. They both hated the interrogations.
"You really need to get a life.", Dean says drily. "I have one. This is amazing.", Sam retorts.
"Easy, Sam. What's the matter?", Dean asks and now he is really concerned. Something is off and Dean isn't sure this is all about Jess.
hear him and if he is honest with himself he
"Funny, my brother is also younger and he is probably the reason I kept my head over the water all my life. Or tried to. Kept fighting for him.", Dean breaks the silence. Anna smiles: "You are very fond of your sibling, aren't you." Dean shrugs: "It's no secret that I care about him a lot."
"Sam.", Dean says firmly: "It is okay. I know you miss Jess. And I don't want to push you into something you are not ready for yet. Nevertheless, I am sure Jess would want you to have more than just books. More than just me. I am your brother, Sam. I can be a friend, sure, but there should be others. Your world should be so much bigger."
"I am glad you decided to trust me enough to find me.", Dean says and Castiel laughs: "All of this.. it  was not what I was expecting."
. But I need to save
Without any further notice Missouri sweeps the curtain she loves so much, with thesestupid pearl things, aside. There is a small moment where Dean is reminded of that one time his dad sat there on this very sofa pretending to care about him and Sam.
Dean nods, even when his head is still full of unanswered questions. But there is a tomorrow and if this way he gets to see the Dragon Knight again, he might be able to do this every night. Who needs sleep anyway.
, Dean tells himself. Of course Dragon Knights are beautiful to humans.
"You don't have to trust me, for now it is enough that you are here.", Dean says and somehow he can't believe that this is really happening.
"I am all ears.", Dean says as he makes himself comfortable.
his dad used to call him. He never dared to say anything against his father, not when it came to himself at least. He had to protect Sam, that much he knew.
"Maybe eventually he will tell you more. Who knows.", Dean says, making another note to himself to ask Cas about how much of what they talk about at night he can tell Sam. Maybe he already said too much.
”, he pleads for the hundredth time and doesn’t know what else he can do. He has no idea how angels heal or if there is even much of his grace left in Cas.
Cas was there, in darkness, in light, in good days and bad days. Not always seen by Dean, not always known by Dean, but with his mind, with his grace, with his heart -  he was there. Even when Lucifer told him over and over that Dean doesn’t care, that he was nothing but a tool, something that Dean would never be able to love, that he just uses to throw away after, even then his heart was with Dean, couldn’t get rid of him, couldn’t let go.
"Sure, I could have, but it was not my place to do that." , Dean answers with a shrug.
"I know that too.  Knowing is just sometimes not enough. Sometimes you still imagine the most gruesome things.", Cas says: "What if she doesn't want to see me? If it was all a misunderstanding? Or worse, what if my actions lead Hunters to her and they killed her? That kind of thing is what my mind is telling me."
"So that one is Anna.", Dean says, pointing at the woman in the picture: "Do you know the name of your great great grand uncle, too?", Dean asks and Anna nods: "As a matter of fact I do. My great great grand uncle...,", Anna huffs: "It's an odd name, I mean, who names their child
Destiel's point of view
I look over to Destiel and she makes a face.
As you see, Sage's hair is straight like a bunch of yard string. My hair is quite the opposite. The texture is so voluminous and curly.
I peer at every single item. I looked from macaroons to cookies to cakes. There is another display that I have not seen yet so I rush over. Suddenly, this strange feeling floods so fast, I could not barely breathe. I look around to find Sage. I walk over.
Dad barely say, "Hello Destiel" to me anymore.
Eileen signs, “I’ll help you through your pregnancy. If that’s what you are asking. We can go through this together.”
At that moment, the reaction Sage gives and how Aunt Eileen realizes that she is holding a gun visibly. I did something no one ever should do. I burst laughing out. I laugh so hard; I fall down on the bed. I look up to see identical looks on their faces: Why the fuck are you laughing?
I wish he is my dad instead. That would make me feel so much better. But at the same time, I don’t because if Sam is my dad instead then I would not exist. Dean Winchester took Castiel Novak for granted and I am here to show Dad Novak that I am not like Dean Winchester.
I sit outside and wait for Sage to arrive so I can dig in my delicious pie.
Cas narrows his eyes and signal to let me go on.
I smile and sign, “Good night, Aunt Eileen. Sweet dreams. I hope your day was good.”
I look over to our parents.
Sage and I go speechless. I feel strange again, only this time it is much clearer. It seems like it is coming from him. He is like a beacon of some kind.
Destiel clams her mouth and changes into neutral mode. She shakes her head as a response.
I grin hard, “Oh I know. I am not ashamed at all. I am very glad I am her mother. Can you believe that the Winchesters have no clues that they have kids? I cannot imagine the reunion. It is going to BE AWKWARD."
As I get ready for school since it is Friday. That means the weekend is here! As I walk down the stairs, I pause. I immediately feel strange. I could not stop reacting to whatever it is. I look around and I feel like something is washing over me, like a vibration. I never experience this kind of feeling before and it is very odd. I mean, I do not know what or how to describe this. I try to shake the feeling off and resume walking down the stairs.
I run to the bathroom to brush my teeth, put my deodorant on (mango dragonfruit), checking to see if my eyes have boogers on. Don't you hate when you rub your eyes later in the day and discover you had those buggers since you woke up? Then I check to see if my hair is stable today. It is. I relieve in sigh loud and clear.
I close my eyes and retrieve the memory that I saw in my dad's memories.
He said, and I remembered as clear as a crystal, “I am pregnant.”
We both run downstairs to go into the kitchen.
Destiel signs, “I do have a question. What does this have to do with us?”
Yes, you assholes. You read it right. I am profoundly deaf but hey, my hearing devices (hearing aids) help to fulfill the capability of my hearing.
We walk home with my pie and Sage could not stop smiling as we enter our house.
My father looks distressed. I mean, he looks like he is confusing and alerted. I do not like it one bit.
I grab my sandwich because I have not taken a bite yet, thanks to Aunt Eileen’s rolling eyes.
I roll my eyes but I am so excited.
Cas looks shamed.
Aunt Eileen signs, "Of course you caught that. Why do you like to put hot sauce on everything? I mean, come on. Take down a notch with the spiciness. I mean, look at my daughter! You have influenced her eating food with hot sauce all the time now. It is okay to have one person to eat all spicy food, but TWO?" She squints her eyes hard as if she freezes me in place.
I try to think of something that makes Sage react like this.
I sign, “Mom! You need to see this! Something weird is happening to Uncle Cas.”
The guy signs, “Sam. My name is Sam. What’s yours?”
Sage shrugs and smiles while I clear my throat and tip my head. Destiel just rolls her eyes and makes a beeline for the coffee. Destiel have started to drink coffee when she was only eleven years old. She likes to pour a small amount of creamer in her coffee, though.
20 minutes later, “WOW. I am really stuffed! That is the best dinner dish, no question! Thank you, Aunt Eileen and Sage for making them yummy ass food. Now, I know I will go to sleep peacefully tonight!” I sign and smile at them both.
Mom shakes her head.
, 2021.”
Yes, you do not only just hear it, you can FEEL the air shift.
WHOOSH.
I rush into the class that I have missed and I apologize profusely. The teacher wants to make I am okay because I have never missed a single class. I told him that I just happened to get lost in my head and didn’t realize that time went fast. He understood and give me the assignment that I have not received until now.
Dad smiles a big gummy smile.
THUD.
Two and half hours later, Aunt Eileen and Sage come into my room to tell me good night.
I sign, “What is going on? Why do you both look like you have seen a ghost?”
Pies remind him of Dean. He really misses Dean so much.
I may be not a celestial being but I have this rare gift. I see all the memories from that person when I touch them. I touch my dad a lot like hugging him, or tap on his shoulder, arm, leg, head just to get his attention. The memories I keep seeing from him is that one guy that I keep seeing in my dreams a lot lately. That is when I discovered that I hate Dean Winchester with such a passion.
I hum in agreement.
Cas perks up at the mention of this bakery. He is sad momentarily.
I gaze down the street, watching people get ready for the weekend. I mean, weekends are the best. We can do what we want to do and that means FUN is included!
I sign, “Woo fucking hoo. He is a hero and all. But seriously, dad. How the hell do we get to fight for ourselves then? Like I have been saying to you and Aunt Eileen a fucking hundred times, Sage and I need to learn how to defend ourselves. AND LOOK AT US NOW. We are goddamn prey, wandering around, clueless like we are asking them to attack us.”
Cas signs, “I don’t get it?”
I shake my head vigorously and sign, “Hell to the fuck no. Aunt Eileen cannot know about this. And we cannot tell my dad about this either! No one needs to know about this. And for the record, I know I am not an angel. Have you forgot what you live with?” I smirk.
I close my eyes to garner my breath. I do not have to look around to know that my dad is home. That is how he pronounces his presence, the feeling of WHOOSH.
Sage talks about how much she does not look forward to Prom. On the quite contrary, for me, I am BEYOND excited because I am on the committee. I work very hard to make sure the decorations go smooth for PROM. That is the best part of Prom, I believe.
I sign, “2021. Today is April 23
I sign, “Uncle Cas, did you really have to say that?”
