Well, enough of
"What?" Dean snaps, then bites the inside of his cheek and forces himself to turn around. "What d'you mean?"
he hears Jody echo in the background.
Dean blinks down at clean torso and raises his eyebrows. Well if
"Sometimes I despise the fact that we're related," Castiel informs him with a groan.
ain't hell of a bonus.
His thoughts venture into just
"And what exactly is there to talk about?" Dean snaps back, sharp edge of his voice making Castiel wince. "It's not like I can just
Dean's... confused. He's himself, he thinks. He doesn't feel all that different, aside from the whole living-dead thing. Once he got his body breathing, it all came flooding back, one Apocalypse after another. He's still sorting through it, but he doesn't think anything is missing. He isn't sure how he'd know. He isn't sure why it matters.
He's disoriented and cold. Saltwater is crushing him, condenses what air is in his lungs to nothingness, he
. He's so
He puts the car back into gear. "Anywhere but here."
Dean pushes off the wall and slips into the bench behind the piano, runs his fingers down the keys to check the tune. "That depends," he says, soundcheck complete. He locks eyes with the guy, tilts his head in question. "You obviously know your way around a string. How good are you at improv?"
He closes his eyes and opens them again. It makes no difference. His chest is tight and exploding all at once. The feeling is unpleasant, like an insistent itch just out of reach.
"You had it right the first time." Dean just blurts it out, a little leftover hiccup from his demon vacation, a moment of no-filter, before it's too late to take it back. "'I love you'," he says, like he's telling Cas how to order a pizza or something. "Those are the words you want, Cas."
"You're an idiot," Dean tells him. They both know Cas can't smite a mosquito right now, much less a pack of hellhounds. Dean isn't sure why he
"It's pretty fucked up, not gonna lie." Cas doesn't move, but Dean sees his head tilt, taking in the words. "You, me. Me and Sam. It's like we can't not fuck it up somehow, no matter how hard we try. And I don't know how to
"Dean," Sam says. Blood leaks out of his mouth. One eye is swollen shut, and there's a nasty split through the eyebrow above it. Dean's surprised he's still conscious. "Dean, please."
"He went back for the car, Cas." Sam does look at him, then, eyes hard. "There's still something left worth saving."
Dean downs two fingers in a single swig, and barely winces as it goes down. Castiel knows, because he's watching his throat as he swallows. "Look," he says, as Castiel watches the barman tip a bottle of whiskey that would cost an entire month's salary into Dean's empty glass, "it's not like a regular job interview, right? You either work, or you don't, and there's not really a way to tell without giving it a go."
Spread out from Dean's back are two enormous wings. The exposed bones are burnt from the Fall, sporadic feathers tattered, torn and uneven, but still breathtaking in their own right. They span the width of the room, black primaries brushing opposite walls as Dean stretches them out, turning them this way and that.
Sam shakes it off. "I have an idea."
Castiel can see Ash's profile silhouetted against the lights but Cain's off to stage right, blocked from view, so he just closes his eyes and listens. They make it sound like they've been playing together for years, effortlessly tossing the buck back and forth, slowly upping the ante with each pass.
"Not sure I like what you've done with the place," he says, but Crowley smiles anyway. His true form shadows them as they go, a larger-than-life winged serpent made of red smoke. There's no need for vessels, not here — but Crowley keeps his skin, and Dean is sure it's for his benefit.
Another couple of shots ring out, and Sam covers his head as the windows above him shatter. Whoever is shooting has no such holdups.
"Dean," Cas murmurs somewhere above him and it breaks through the fog just enough that Dean pulls back and opens his eyes. A gentle hand cups his jaw, thumb swiping across his bottom lip, easing his mouth back open as he leans back in, working a sloppy kiss along the head. The lights in the locker room flicker, burning out in their sockets with sharp
family,
"I remember
"Good
"They also taught us about the Sherman Act," Sam snaps back.
His right hand tightens on nothing, and the mark on his arm burns. It's the only warmth in the world.
Black wings unfold with noise like a hurricane, and Dean closes his eyes and lets the white light wash over him, praying it'll burn the world away.
"Dean is well." Though Sam has his back to Cas, he can
The ride back to Bobby's place isn't as awkward as Dean thinks it'll be. He expected a lot of awkward questions and
Good question; what the hell
, Dean?"
Bela's cries fade into another broken laugh. "Fuck. Not so holy after all, are you? Pretentious tossers like to think you're better than us, but you're just as bad, thinking you can get your way with pain. You think
) is not at all Dean's fault means nothing. As soon as Ash suggested changing the set list, Dean's pretty sure Kevin would have plugged himself into an amp if he could've just to make shouting easier.
"We've got a couple of hours to kill," she reports, stirring the contents of the pot. Dean's over her shoulder, sniffing at the contents before she replaces the lid. His stomach makes a noise of longing. Jody snorts. "I can make us some popcorn?"
The door is shut, but the sounds are close. He is weak. Not defenseless, but too disoriented to risk a fight. He puts the knife aside and pulls himself to his feet; his movements are jerky at first, joints stiff and cracking. He manages to stand just as the door opens and admits light like a supernova.
She engulfs Castiel in a hug without warning or bothering to introduce herself, shoving him back against the island, fly-away hairs getting caught in his coat fasteners. Thankfully, the guitar case is a hard one, so Castiel is the only one she inflicts any damage on.
Sam curses. Sure, demons are always keen to get their hands on angelic vessels, but if Crowley just wanted to poke sticks into Dean's brain, he'd already had plenty of opportunities. No, he
There's a pregnant pause before Dean answers; Castiel feels the tremor in his voice through the hands he has on Dean's jaw, the cold sweat breaking out along his skin, the sorrow brewing beneath it. "Helpless.
Dean doesn't say anything, but gravitates towards the car without hesitation just like Sam hoped he would. He runs a hand along the fender and the windowsill, fingers trailing the two holes in the door.
try to catch Dean — "
the answers. But I can tell you this much; Cain only kept straight for one thing, and one thing only. The way things are going," Gabriel takes a breath, and there's enough of a shudder to it that it gets Sam's attention, "Dean isn't going to have that for very long."
"I don't know what to tell you that I haven't already."
," she spits the word like it's filthy. "You're just wasting your time trying to save him. Even if you could, you think he could live with what he's done? He'd eat the barrel of his own gun. I'm honestly surprised he hasn't offed himself already, with all that luggage he used to drag around."
Krissy raises the gun, moves closer. "What the
"I'm not an intern," Castiel says, and considers his scotch. "I don't work for free. I can't just put the Philharmonic on hold just to go for a test drive. If I leave, I lose my seat."
"This is stupid," Sam grouses. "Now you have both ambiguous docks
Dean's right behind him, iron chain in hand, and whips it around her neck before she gets the chance to defend herself.
"It's fine, man," he says, "I really don't mind."
"Is that his stage name, now?" he asks, taking a long drag.
want to accomplish?"
being a pain in his ass, and not in the fun way.
"It's probably a blank," he goes on. Castiel raises his eyebrows, and the man shrugs. "Abaddon feels like she has to step it up ever since the
something. He remembers the feeling, the hot pulse of need the moment he first laid hands on the blade. The release of shoving it into Abaddon, like some kind of murderous fucking orgasm. The perpetual nausea when he had it and fought the urge to use it. The full-body toothache when Sam took it away.
"Pending any Winchester brand of stupid breaking anything, gotcha." Dean can hear the relief in his own voice, and sees Sam smile in his peripheral vision. Asshole. He’s surrounded by assholes. "Good.”
Crowley glances at his surroundings and shrugs. "Not really my style, but nobody ever said he wasn't superficial."
"I'm not attempting to be." Castiel grounds down his frustration. For all the years he's known Dean, all the weeks he's known him intimately, there is still a lot to learn going on in the spaces left between them. It's a precarious balance, maintaining just the right distance at just the right time, knowing when to gravitate closer. "I just don't understand. Do you not like our current arrangement?"
"Or blow the stage," Benny says. He's grinning, but it doesn't quite reach his eyes. It gets a little more sincere when Charlie smacks Garth from trying to swipe some ice cream with a spoon and starts chasing him around the room, though. Benny leans against the couch and slings an arm over the back, "You've been awful quiet, brotha."
"I know, baby. I know." Dean continues to stroke him and slides down his body, presses a wet kiss at the junction of his hip and thigh, and keeps his teeth to himself. "You gotta relax, okay? Just," he pauses kiss Cas again, lower still, mouths idly at one of his balls, "take a breath. Relax."
"You're..." Sam waves his hand to indicate Dean's vertical state. "I mean, how're you feeling?"
Sometimes, Dean really wishes he
Dean pulls himself to his feet; one side of his face is scraped raw with dirt and blood. The blade is still clasped tightly in his right first. He stares at Gabriel, and Castiel can't tell if he's surprised or hesitating. Perhaps a little of both. Gabriel still occupies the same vessel, but is adorned in the armour bestowed upon the warriors of Heaven, one hand clasped tightly around the holy glaive twice his height that Castiel hasn't seen in an age. Gabriel's wings are larger still, tawny red and razor sharp against the dark sky.
," Dean mutters against Cas' mouth. Then, louder, "Keep your pants on!"
"You ever gonna tell me what your endgame is, or do I have to guess," Dean says, leaving his empty glass on the bar.
Sam's idly munching on a bag of chips and browsing the obituaries of a nearby town when he hears the small shuffle of someone entering the kitchen. He almost doesn't look up; Cas never makes any noise when he moves, but Jody makes enough trips to the kitchen to refill her coffee that he doesn't think anything of it until he hears the clip-and-clang of dishes being put in the sink.
"And I'm still waiting for you to answer the rest of my question, asshole."
They toss the offending vines off the edge of the porch. The sun is peeking over the horizon, making the water dew along the grimy windowpanes. The woods and pastures beyond are covered in a hazy grey mist, silence broken by the sharp, garbled song of the meadowlarks beginning to wake and look for their mates.
"Neither were you,
"Can you just, like, follow me around and play the soundtrack of my life?" Charlie asks and that actually gets a laugh from Benny. It's the first time Dean's seen him smile in weeks.
Crowley waits and watches, dark eyes careful.
"So, I'm gonna ask 'em."
Dean looks back and there's no tell-tale smirk feigning disguise over a lewd remark, just a suggestion. Not a bad one, either. A hot shower and a soft bed are tempting. If memory serves, there's a place on the edge of town that isn't too shabby, with hot water that never seems to run out. "We could," Dean agrees.
He is allowed to help in the way of heating the leftover chili up in the microwave while Dean watches the cornbread rise in the oven.
If only looks could kill. "Not nearly as much as I do."
"Cas," Dean tries, but Cas shushes him with a finger over his lips.
"You e're been next to a raging fire, son? In the middle of the night? Trick of the light," the man rolls his eyes. "Most likely, some kind of weird accelerant they used when they lit the place."
"Yeah, tell me about it," Sam says, drinking his warm beer anyway. "How're you holding up?"
Dean licks his lips and starts to circle him, slowly closing the distance. "I don't need Hell's help to kill you," he says, twirling the blade in his hand and strolls, seemingly unconcerned that inside of that trap, Gabriel can flatten him with a glance. "You might pack more of a punch than the rest of those flying assmonkeys," Dean smirks as Gabriel stiffens, grip tightening on the staff in his hands, "but all I need is one good hit."
"Open it." Dean shoves Krissy towards the table. She cries out when her waist hits the edge, buckling over. She braces her hands on the wood and Dean sees her body tense, ready for a fight.
The king looks more or less the same, but Dean can't see the snake behind the smirk anymore, the vast wings of red smoke that once threatened to engulf him. He looks Dean up and down and doesn't quite smile. "Miss me?"
"Maybe I just wanted to see how you're... adjusting." And Dean's sure that's one of things on his list, looking to see if there's any of the demon left behind, any fuel for the mark he can exploit. "You look good, Dean."
Sam shoots a text back, then shoves the phone in his pocket and scrubs a hand over his face. "Tessa quit."
, and they're trapped inside his room because the hounds
Sam shrugs. "Cain did."
"I don't sleep," Castiel reminds him.
"Hey, Cas," he says conversationally, eyes flicking up as his lips drag against Cas' navel and the sparse hair there, "what's Enochian for 'please'?"
When he dares glance to his side, Cas is also on his back, chest still heaving, just staring at the ceiling. One arm is thrown over his head, lost in the pillows, the other splayed out on his stomach, oblivious to the mess there. Dean rescues a discarded shirt off the floor and cleans him up, afraid to say anything first because now that it's over he's not sure if — what if Cas —
As much as he misses the anonymity of playing bars and clubs up and down the interstate, he doesn't miss the old motels with their weird stains and saggy mattresses and the same standard for water pressure as a leaky faucet. He certainly doesn't miss having to cut into their beer budget to replace busted strings, or how Charlie would get creeped on by every sorry sonofabitch in the room, though he does miss the occasional fight in an attempt to defend her honor. Not that Charlie needed defending; the girl had a mean right hook all on her own, and had started carrying once they left state lines (much to her chagrin, but Dean had insisted if she ever planned on going anywhere alone, and that included the bathroom).
They watch him go, Castiel with trepidation and Krissy with a blistering indignation so strong that it makes Castiel wince.
What hurts the most is, it's true. Dean got exactly what he asked for. For the first time
, is pretty sure it's still seared along his insides from Cas' grace. "No," Cas says again, softer this time, expression pinched. "Love doesn't begin to cover it."
Dean shrugs. "Been a long day."
Granted, taking out the screws and removing the hinges is both probably faster and safer than hacking the offending door to pieces, but isn't nearly as satisfying. Jody barely has the second hinge loose when Sam jerks enough of the door aside to squeeze outside, and nearly slips and kills himself on the black slick covering the stone floors. The hallway smells like Hell's sewer.
The sudden look of horror on Cas's face stops him mid-thought. Cas drops the beer and stands quickly, albeit unsteadily, palms pushing off the table and sending his chair screeching back across the floor. The half-full beer topples over and rolls of the table with a heavy
He gets through the burger and most of the fries, which he takes as a victory. He's just cracked open his second beer when Cas emerges, wearing a matching robe. "That was pleasant," he says. "Not as good as yours, though."
Cas actually fucking
Castiel follows, leaving Sam alone with his misgivings, and finds Dean around the corner, one shoulder resting against the wall. "Don't you fucking tell him," Dean says without turning around. "Don't say a goddamn word."
to my physical form, and I'm giving you my consent. I still don't see what the problem is."
Sam's hands tighten on the steering wheel. "Would that even work?" Sam asks after a loaded minute, keeping his eyes on the road. "Aren't archangels supposed to be — uh, absolute, or whatever?"
Dean's already in the bathroom when Cas says, "It's a large bed."
"Gimme your approach."
"PB&J if you want into his pants," Dean calls helpfully as she opens the door. Jody thankfully doesn't ask, and closes it with a heavy
He looks up and blinks, eyelashes catching stray droplets of water falling from the sky. He can see past the clouds to the sky beyond, past the light pollution and the bend of the atmosphere. The spiral arm of the galaxy reaches across the sky like a pillar of light and he stares, mesmerized. Beyond this collection of stars lie hundreds of millions of others, too many to count much less comprehend.
Dean would be hard put to admit it, but Castiel knows he enjoys his room, relishes in the fact that he has his own space. Sam, by contrast, seems restless in this place, ever-resistant to getting comfortable from experience, too used to losing anything he ever had to call his own. "You could make this yours," Castiel points out. "This is your home, now."
"Understatement of the bloody year," Bela chimes from the background, the tone of her voice rising with every word. "Untie me!"
"Good to see you're still a smartass." Despite her tough talk, Dean notices she's keeping her distance again. It reminds him of Crowley, that urge to simultaneously be close and as far away as possible. Whatever she remembers of him in Hell still scares her. "Old acquaintance of mine owes me a favor."
It's dead quiet in here and the bunker beyond. The bedside clock tells him it's the middle of the night, too late to still be up and too early to be awake, even by hunter standards. His MP3 player is dead and he can't find the charger, and he hasn't quite worked up the will to go searching the place for it. He probably left it in the car. He wonders if the Impala survived the fight with Gabriel, and has the fleeting impulse to find some wheels and
"Who do you think patched your sorry asses up?" Castiel moves towards his brother, but Gabriel holds out a hand. "Where do you think you're going? Grab Sam and get outta here."
. He almost killed you already, do you really think he won't the next time he sees you?"
"A little," Dean admits. His body gives an involuntary shudder as a strong gust blows in; looks like they got into town just ahead of an early winter storm. "Still gotta check the oil, she was blowing a lot of white smoke when we started 'er, but that could be the snow."
Cas gives his version of a sigh, which is just an miniscule uptick of his shoulders and a slight tilt of his head. "It seems when Metatron was captured and removed from power, we regained some of our abilities. As for the manifestation, I apologize," Cas shifts in his seat, and turns his bottle between his fingers. "We were hurt in the fall, our wings most of all. It's difficult to heal them while simultaneously keeping them concealed."
Cas is tracing two fingers along his temple, down his cheek and along his jaw, up and down, mapping his features and Dean wonders if he should explain the what-happens-next or just go for it. He has one hand on Cas' hip, thumb dipping below the waist of his pants, the other still clutching the tube he got from the bag and braced beside Cas' head. His right leg is slotted between Cas' thighs and the heat there is driving Dean a little crazy; his eyes close on their own when Cas grins and rolls his hips up just enough to brush against the tent Dean's pitching in his boxers.
"Dude,
"Least I can do," he tosses back, and tries to offer her a smile. Based on her expression, he isn't really successful. "When do you have to get back?"
The colors come back slowly, like watching a flashback scene in a movie that slowly bleeds into the present. Everything hurts. His head is pounding, violent pins and needles running down his arms and legs, the very blood in his veins boiling; his skin feels like it's on fire. There's a vice wrapped around his chest, squeezing too hard for him to get enough air. His ears are ringing so loud his head feels like it's going to explode. He clutches at his head, squeezes his eyes shut, and tries to will the room to stop spinning.
They're doing that thing again, where Cas is staring at Dean with the intensity of a dog trying to remind his owner that it's past dinner time. Dean's staring right back like the first one to blink is buying the next round. Sam's aware there's a conversation going on that he isn't privy to — and he's used to it, by this point — but it's still
Cas makes a small noise of complaint as Dean pulls his hand free and starts to move him, rolls him onto his side and slides up behind him. There's a panicked moment when he can't find the lube because it somehow fell off the bed and Cas starts
"He won't do it, you know," Krissy says, as soon as Sam is out of earshot. "He'll get himself — and both of us — killed before he does what needs to be done."
"Cool your jets, Casanova. We're not on the clock." Dean doesn't give him time to bitch at him about references, just tugs his pants the rest of the way off before shucking his own boxers. He stands up to do it just to avoid wriggling around like an idiot and has to pause before climbing back onto the bed. Cas is still lying there, horizontal across the middle, propped up on one elbow; his other hand is curled around his dick, and Dean figures he must have been practicing his own technique, because there's an established pattern to the way his hand trails up and down, twisting at the top and thumb rolling under the head. Cas' hair is an absolute disaster, mouth parted as he stares at Dean and Dean's so engrossed with the image he completely forgets to be self-conscious.
He stops trying to analyze it. Thinking about it only seems to slow him down. He moves as the mark wills it. Slashing, slamming, stabbing. Every blow directed at him is dealt back in force. It feels like he's accelerating through a gale; the faster he moves, the more resistance he encounters, but he's not slowing down.
is that time. Take the job. Buy your own damn violin."
to believe it.
has Castiel taking a long hit of scotch, "maybe you should see what you're getting into." He fishes something out of a back pocket, two small badges on a black lanyard, and hands them over. There's the band logo in gold (SPN spelled out beneath the flaming pentagram) and an official seal that has some hologram nonsense, and simply says ALL ACCESS.
. "So, tell me, Sammy; have you hit that yet? I honestly haven't been able to figure it out." Dean grins at the look Sam throws at him on reflex. "What? I just want to avoid another Annie Hawkins sitch."
Taking advantage of the distraction, Cas stalks off down the hall. Sam watches him go; he's angry, but less at Castiel and more at the universe in general for the situation they're in.
. If Sam was chasing Dean all over creation for the past couple of weeks, he's probably been surviving on road food and naps in the car. Not that they hadn't done that a million times, but getting an hour in the backseat couldn't replace a night in a motel bed. When Sam didn't sleep he forgot to eat, and when he forgot to eat he got
goes unsaid, but Dean gets it. Crowley got someone that knew him, someone
Sam does, ignoring the questioning look from Castiel and Krissy following his movements with the gun barrel, and flips through the channels until he gets to a national news network.
"Wherever you want, brother."  Benny gives him a smile, and Castiel is probably imagining the condescension in his tone, but it still manifests a bitter taste on his tongue. "Sort of the point, to see if this is something you can dig. Just don't wander out on stage unless you wanna get used as a prop."
Whatever self control Cas is hiding behind is crumbling, Dean can
"I thought he was busy dealing with a ghoul?"
Cas takes another sip of his hot chocolate.
"Yeah, you can," Dean insists, pushing off the bed to stand.
The blade goes in easy, like plunging it into warm butter. Her mouth opens but no sound comes out, just a bubble of blood and a flash of light as the demon dies, taking the soul inside the vessel with it. Warm blood gushes out of the wound and over the handle of the blade, making his stingers sticky.
A pause.
"I said it was complicated," Sam says, in his own defence. "And it's not just Lucifer trying to bust out. Michael's in there, too."
song by the same name, lyrics from John Newman's
Cas squeezes his hand so hard when he bottoms out that Dean gasps against his back. Cas doesn't even give him a minute, just rocks down onto him and there's little starbursts of light flashing behind his eyelids. "Cas — fuck. You're so fucking tight."
that, because Dean also has eyes, and even if he was as straight as the ruler he pretends to be, he could still admit that if all three of them hit on the same chick, nine times out of ten, it'd be him and Sammy spending the night alone. But Dean's less of a horizontal line on a map of sexuality and more like the roads that cut through Texas — straight as an arrow to drive on, but zoom out far enough, and they all bend to fit the curvature of the earth. The fact that Dean's eyes haven't wandered anywhere else since Cas moved into the bunker isn't exactly a mystery. And it's not like Dean has missed the knowing glances Sam's been throwing at him since longer than Dean cares to admit, and he's long given up on trying to deny it.
Crowley allows himself a smile. "Oh, a little of this, a little of that." Dean's eyes sharpen, so he skips to the point. "Order. I want
"Really?" Castiel's eyes shift over his shoulder, and Crowley becomes extremely aware that Dean's stood up, too close behind him. "Worse than original sin?"
. They
He tells Dean, "I am the one that gripped you tight and raised you from perdition."
Dean mouths
"Me? Not much. A couple of Victoria's Secret models, a bottle of Cheval Bordeaux, world peace," he says, dropping his hands and giving a one-shoulder shrug. He rolls his eyes when Dean crosses his arms over his chest and fixes him with a glare. "Y'know, you may have been a pain in the ass, but you were a lot more fun when you were a demon."
"That should do it," Bela says, dropping the can. She smells like gasoline. He always did like the scent.
Sam knew this part wouldn't be easy, but he didn't quite anticipate how hard it would be to stand here and listen to Dean — what Dean has
"Ain't their fault they can't live up to the image of him you got," Benny points out — fairly, Dean knows, but it's not
to do."
could go find him," she goes on, as Sam gets to the other side of the intersection and very casually tries the driver-side door. It's open. "Just me and you."
He finishes off his drink with a quick flick of his wrist. Dean merely watches him; studies the curve of his lips, the flex of his jaw, the bob of his neck as he swallows. Follows his eyes as they crawl over Dean like he's up for sale, the line of a pink tongue darting over teeth. He watches the layers of red smoke roil beneath flushed skin, so hot the air around him shimmers like asphalt baking in the sun.
Dean looks back down. "Why the hell didn't you grab it yourself?"
"You're an ungrateful pain in my ass, is what you are," Gabriel says. "At least — "
"Your new brethren," Crowley says, explaining nothing. He hands Dean his untouched scotch before retrieving his own. "Brothers and sisters. Aunts and uncles. Cousins a thousand times removed. Millions of them, tortured souls all. Most of them are completely useless, tell you the truth, but when God gives you sinners, you — well," he says, clinking the edge of his glass against Dean's, "you make do."
Castiel lets up on the blade, regarding her in silence for a beat of relief before digging right back in. "The moment he gets what he wants, you're just as disposable as everyone else on his payroll," Sam presses. "Dean's the one he gives a damn about. I want to know
tell the truth."
"The star was a gift from God, a token bestowed to the descendants of David, a reward for his faith." Both Jody and Sam turn to look at him, and Castiel sighs. "David was... a good man, but he sacrificed much for his people, for the Lord's will. Ultimately, his soul did not ascend to Heaven. The star was passed from father to son, but was stolen from Solomon. It hasn't been seen since before the Son was born." Castiel rests against the table for support; his wings feel immeasurably heavy, succumbing to the will of gravity. "The relic is useless unless one has the power to wield it. A true servant of Heaven; an angel, a prophet, a vessel. It possesses restorative powers — "
been himself, and by that point, they were out of options.
Castiel watches the ambulance doors slam closed, and Sam winces as the sirens begin to blare as it pulls away. He had done what he could to stabilize her, but only just — the rest would be in the hands of the trauma center they were rushing her to.
"You're stunning," Cas tells him, and Dean might blush if he had the energy.
have you been?"
Dean isn't moving, but he freezes anyway, limbs locking like Sam's caught him watching Japanese cartoon porn. He carefully doesn't look at Sam, eyes glued to the screen. "Uh," Dean says, scratching at his jaw, "hi. Um."
, ex-Angel of the Lord trapped in a dudesuit — is even capable of that kind of love. He cares, sure; cares about Dean in a way that's a little obsessive sometimes or about Sam at least as an extension of
They're taking their time, extra hands wandering, caressing whatever they can reach and after a time, now Dean has himself in hand, strokes lazy and slow. Crowley watches greedily, despairs that Dean used to deny himself this due to some misplaced concept of shame. Perdition suits him. Sure, Hell's no picnic, but for all its faults, damnation has its benefits.
When Dean pulls back, Cas makes a noise like an unhappy cat. "Dean," Cas says again, only it sounds less like a prayer and more like a threat. His cock is leaking against his stomach, shiny with Dean's saliva, a beautiful red blush ranging from his chest to his cheeks; the fact that he still manages to look intimidating is impressive. And a kind of a huge turn on.
, are you — " Dean stops when he sees Sam's smirk and rolls his eyes. "God, you're an asshole."
Cas moans, long and loud and completely fucking shameless and Dean wants to hear more of that, wants to tear him open, peel off that cool facade he wears and expose what's underneath, wants to break inside and raise some hell. His own dick is so hard it kind of hurts, but he needs the leverage so he has nothing to rub against, instead reaches a hand up and slides it along Cas' side, under his back and his hip, grabs his ass just because he can and Jesus, Cas is rocking into his mouth without any apology, thumb sliding out of Dean's hair and over his cheek, thumbing his own cock in Dean's mouth, chanting a litany of Dean's name over and over and Dean's going to come without being touched at all.
He eventually goes to find them, though, because the bartender is giving him a look like he's got a mind to swipe Sam's keys. There's a little spiral staircase leading down to the open foyer and Sam can hear the music before he descends. It sounds familiar,
Castiel tilts his head, a leftover tick from his angel days that Dean would be lying if he claimed to find anything but idiotically endearing. He knows this is his own fault, owing to that rather memorable moment a week ago when Castiel wandered into this very same kitchen with a (fairly) legitimate question and Dean just didn't know when to shut up.
"I can take care of myself, bitch." He does remember her, more from life than Hell, but it's like it's from another lifetime. He recalls enough to remember she was a cunt. "What are you, my damned babysitter?"
Jody's usually up with the sun regardless of whenever she manages to bed down for the night. Working as a cop and a mother made everything routine, but monsters are generally nocturnal and without the sunlight to wake her every morning, she's been all over the place. She glances at her phone and blinks blearily at the digital display. It's too late or too early either way you look at it.
"It's just, fuck, I dunno. It's kinda nice," he says, taking a thoughtful swig of his latest beer. Sam’s a little nervous to see the tab at this point. "I mean, it's
"You're mad," Crowley rants over Dean's thoughts, bringing him back to the present. He paces between them, as if to keep a physical barrier between him and the angel. "God's never coming back. He knows better. The best we can do is keep this bloody world spinning. And when Michael and Lucifer get out, they'll raze it to the ground!"
Cas exhales as he pulls his own hand free and he might be ready but Dean isn't as Cas tugs Dean's hand away. He sits up so he's right over Dean, holds Dean's cock straight so he can sink down onto it. Dean's gripping Cas' thigh too damn tight and he has to force himself to look, to watch Cas sink down on his cock. "
"All right, I get where you're — well, no, I don't," Dean admits, and tries again. "There's more to it than that? I can't — don't look at me like that," Dean says. He seats his ass on the edge of the table and folds his arms, meets Cas glare for glare. "This is a weird fucking conversation, okay?"
The barman raises an eyebrow at Dean, who just throws his head back and laughs — a real laugh, not the fake shit he throws around in interviews or on red carpets. Something gnaws uncomfortably on Castiel’s insides and he resists the urge to squirm. "Yeah, sure. Why not. What's your poison?"
Dean turns his gaze back to Bela, his eyes shifting to their true color. Crowley's never seen anything more beautiful in his entire life — and he's seen the still-beating hearts of infants.
Bela grins. "I don't suppose you have anything human around the place?"
She's clawing his shirt up his back when he carries her over to the hood of the car, bunching it up around his shoulders as lands on top of her, hips pressed between her legs. He's moving on autopilot, hands pulling at clothes and mouth roaming over skin, tightly wound up with raw
it. Eventually, he swallows and says, "It's a pleasant dream."
Crowley leans against the doorjamb. "Love what you've done with the place."
"I sincerely hope we never find out," Castiel says, and means it. "On the one hand, the mark itself is the manifestation of murder. It's why Dean didn't die — not truly — when Metatron killed him. The mark wouldn't let him go. It needs him to fulfil its purpose."
"I remember," Cas says, startling Sam into silence. "I also remember Dean binding Death in order to kill me."
"Yeah, I remember," Dean hurls back. "Thanks."
"You're right."
The mirror above the sink is fogged over with heat, rivulets of water cutting crooked paths down its length. He can see the broken image of Crowley over his own shoulder, a smiling red shadow.
"Even with the power off, you're still too mouthy for your own good." Crowley puts his hands in his pockets and leans close. "Stop using your lungs to talk and start using them to
." Crowley suppresses a shudder. "Messy things. Easy enough to manipulate, fun to play with, but ultimately? More trouble than they're worth."
." Palms press against his chest and Castiel lets go, lets Dean back up and reclaim his own space. He sits down heavily on the bed, scrubbing at his eyes with the heels of his hands. "Sorry."
"Oh, come on," Dean goads, because if Cas gets close enough to gag him, that's close enough to hurt him. "What happened to enjoying our talks? Our time together?"
"You have somewhere more important to be?"
"You look about as good as you did with all of Purgatory up your ass," Dean chimes in. "I mean, I'd still be down, but a shower wouldn't hurt."
"I can give her a call," the girl offers, when Dean says nothing. "Get'cha a discount?"
"How do you — "
His fingers are on the doorknob and he pauses, realizes he's still butt fucking naked, and takes a breath. The sound is too loud and not loud
Castiel has never been to a concert in his life that he wasn't playing in. "No."
. She's warm under his fingers, mouth indefinitely hot against his own.
"I made this body," Cas reminds him. He's doing that thing again, like a weird tick he's developed, tracing Dean's face with his fingertips. "Every cell, every nerve, every stream of consciousness. I rebuilt you with my bare hands," Dean raises an eyebrow at that, and Cas rolls his eyes because yeah, Dean knows what he means. "Your soul, this body," he goes on, and Dean starts to fidget a little but Cas has him trapped against the wall, "are the most beautiful things I've ever seen. And I have seen
leave him. If you care at all about him, neither will you."
Sam stands up, and has barely turned around when he hears her gasp out, "Wait.
Dean is bemused when Crowley really does chuckle in reply. "And here I thought I'd never underestimate you. You're coming along a lot quicker than I anticipated."
Cas must know he's awake because his fingers shift, going from tracing idle patterns to sliding firm and sure over his back and neck, nails occasionally digging in. Comforted by the mirage-like moments between asleep and awake, Dean groans in appreciation and shifts, burying a little deeper under the sheets. He's a little annoyed to realize his dick, while uncooperative last night when he needed it, seems to have perked up overnight.
Maybe it's the
. Our friends tend not to last very long. Get the fuck outta here while you still can, darlin''."
Something enormous and white breaches in the distance, torpedo-shaped body slamming down into the calm water with a massive crash of red water and white foam.
"Finish that sentence and you’re hitchhiking back to Kansas."
"Yeah, I remember." Dean pushes off and Castiel feels the world tilt to adjust; it takes a conscious effort not to follow him, like resisting the gravitational pull of a rogue star. The roar of the audience picks up as he steps into view onstage, and leans back to whisper into Castiel's ear, breath hot and heavy with what smells like whiskey, "But y'know what they say, baby. It's a long way to the top."
But Dean has felt the cold itch of monotony creeping along his skin, and Crowley is a lot of things, but
Something is screaming again but it's cut short by the sounds of slicing meat, flinging a fine mist of blood into the air. A flash of blue eyes in the darkness before the djinn submits to the silver knife with a heavy thump. The high-pitched shriek of the ghoul in its death throes. The wet slice of flesh as something is decapitated, the dull
, a glimmer of energy supplies. It sounds a long way off. Hard to make out. The vessel is not empty. Something else is in here. It does not fight back, merely suggests:
The smile on Dean's face is nothing short of filthy. "Surprise me."
Gabriel gives him a long look, then proceeds to drain the rest of the bottle before speaking again. "Dean's telling you the truth, you know," he says, letting the empty bottle
"I gotta say, I like this version of Purgatory better. More skin, less teeth." His words are soft, playful even, a stark contrast from the cold stare. "The monsters are doin' it all wrong."
"It would be," Dean mumbles and Castiel isn't sure if he was supposed to hear it or not. Dean nods at the barman, who so far hasn't expressed a single human emotion that Castiel can tell. "Keep that whiskey coming, too. And some of those pickle chips."
Sam looks confused, then immediately alarmed. "Are you kidding? No, Dean, that's what got us into this in the first place — "
"You did it for Bobby."
The archangel vanishes before Sam can muster a reply to that. Sighing, Sam sets back to helping Cas into the dungeon. "What the hell is his
Sam sucks in a breath. Okay, that's fair. And thinking back... well, the situation had been reversed, hadn't it? Dean desperately wanted to believe in Cas, despite Sam and Bobby and his own gut instinct telling him otherwise, couldn't wrap his head around the idea that Cas had gone to Crowley instead of coming to him for help. And after Cas swallowed down Purgatory, he really
"You know, freedom — true freedom — is just another form of power," Crowley says after a moment. "And power, I can give you."
Sam isn't an idiot. He's watched his brother and Cas dance around each other for literal years. He can't pinpoint an exact moment that he felt the ground shift and tripped right into feeling like a third wheel any time the three of them occupied the same space, but if he had to name a few, that time Dean called out Cas for working with Crowley, a look of utter heartbreak on his face, is probably at the top of the list. Ultimately, Sam made the executive decision to stay in his own fucking lane, because Dean would absolutely fly off the handle about it and Cas — fuck, Cas would never believe it, not from him. He might not even believe it if Dean ever pulled his head out of his own ass long enough to admit it, but that's always been the problem. Even if they grew up and learned to use their words like goddamn adults, neither of them would ever feel like they deserved it.
was that all about?"
," Dean says, truly fucking thankful. "That. Exactly that. All right? So, uh," he shrugs, and thinks about getting under the sheets because with the sun down, it's starting to chill in the room. "Good talk?"
"Excuse me," Jody interrupts. "I may be new to the angel club, but d'you mind explaining what the hell you're talking about?"
Dean replaces the can, and pulls out his .45, Ruby's old knife, and an angel blade. He tosses the latter to Bela. She catches it swiftly and raises an eyebrow, but tucks it inside her jacket without comment.
"He says you've been rejecting his calls. That's rude, Dean." Gabriel smirks, left corner of his mouth twisting sharply upwards. "The King of Hell would like to see you."
"I dunno what kind of porn you were watching, dude, but there's all sorts of positions that don't involve being horizontal."
"That's not the point." Dean drops his hands and sighs. "Look, if you don't want it — "
Castiel’s wingspan is twice his height, all heather-grey mottled feathers Sam knows are not his own. He's never seen them himself, but Dean had, down in Purgatory. It's one of the few details about that year his brother voluntarily disclosed: Castiel's wings were black.
of a shell casing hitting the floor, rolling to a stop between his feet.
When Dean just stares at him, Death glances his direction and raises and eyebrow. "You look well, Dean."
He would have found it eventually, but the fact that all of them have the car surrounded may as well have  painted a bulls-eye on it.
He grips blindly behind him, gets the passenger-side door open and rolls out onto the road, ignoring the angry blare of horn as an oncoming car swerves to avoid him. Sam stays crouched behind the Impala, and has the brief thought of what Dean's gonna do when he sees the bullet holes, before he remembers that Dean won't care.
"His motivations are no longer human," Castiel points out. "Demons thrive on chaos. The mark thrives on murder. With Michael, Dean would have a surplus of both." And Michael would have the ultimate weapon to kill Lucifer. "You need to stop thinking of Dean as your brother. It's going to get us both killed."
Sam finally pulls away and holds him at arm's length. He's staring at Dean like he still can't believe it, and Dean is trying here, really trying, but this new transformation hasn't done anything for his patience. "But your body — "
heavily on the tabletop. "He's better off as he is. For the first time in that guy's life, he's
"Okay," Castiel agrees.
. : .
The darkness is endless.
Dean grits his teeth until his jaw aches, but the memories persist over the pain, bringing a tidal wave of emotion with them.
, right?
The jaws never close. The beast snarls, long and low, smoky lips curling back over dripping white fangs, but it backs off the angel. Its long body curls around Dean, fur spitting sparks in the darkness, coming to sit heavily at his side. Its head reaches his shoulder, three pairs of glowing red eyes casting the only light in the room.
Castiel opts to take the stairs with him, an ornate, twisted metal thing that spirals down to the lower levels. The bunker is quiet with just the two of them; Sam and Jody went together to hunt down a pair of vetala a few hours south, but according to the call Dean took this morning, should be back any moment now. Castiel enjoys the quiet in the meantime, takes the opportunity to watch Dean work in the kitchen and listen to him think, how he concentrates on what he's doing to keep the stillness from overwhelming him.
"Well, before you make any drastic decisions," the way he says
They work mostly in silence; she learns that Dean really does know his way around a kitchen, and doesn't need direction once he figures out she's just making a stew. By the time the pot's loaded and simmering on the stove, the bread is ready to come out and cool while it cooks. Dean sticks around to help her clean up, washing the dishes and passing them over to her to dry.
"We have a better chance of all getting
Dean looks at him for the first time since they entered the room, skin washed white by the early morning light.
Castiel glances back at him, and Sam can swear he almost smiles. "Do you really think it was luck that for all your time on the road, Dean was never once pulled over for speeding?"
Oh, God, he knew the gay comment would come back to bite him in the ass. "Cas, I'm not — " and he stops, because there's no
Something in the air shifts and Castiel assumes it's Dean, taking his time in the dark because this is
"He was my responsibility," Dean says. "If that red-eyed bitch hadn't taken the deal, I would've — "
Dean leans towards it mindlessly, wants it
"I will drive us into a
On the way back, rather than rotate who's driving and who's napping in the backseat, Dean made the executive decision to stop in Toledo so they can eat something other than gas station food and get a room for the night. It's a little more than halfway and, hell, he can manage to do the entire twelve hours back home tomorrow if he gets a good six now.
"No." Sam walks right up to Gabriel and stands at his side, eyes on his brother. He looks incredibly small. "I'm not leaving. I'm not giving up on him."
"No fucking way," Sam says. "Dean already almost killed you. If he sees you again — "
Crowley. Mary. Metatron. John. Castiel.
If Cas' fingers linger on Dean's shoulder these days, or Dean rests his weight against Cas while they're camped out in a library piecing together clues, Sam doesn't comment; it's not like they're holding hands or making out in the backseat. Despite being a shameless flirt, Dean's never been big on PDAs. He'll talk to Sam about it when he's ready. Or he'll bottle it up until he explodes and puts Sam in an early grave. Whatever.
The knife feels all wrong in his grip. He tucks the gun into his waistband at his back and shrugs his jacket over it. Bela's already walking towards the metal door slotted into the side of the building.
The sun is closer to rising on the east coast, and peeks in the blinds along the windows of her hospital room, casting vertical lines of grey light across the bed. The only sound is the steady beep of the medical equipment. Dean stares at the figure in the bed for a long time before moving forward, taking the chart off the end and flipping through it.
Dean shakes it off, jumping right back into the fight and getting close — too close — clipping a wayward feather, and Gabriel's wings snap down like a thunderclap. It cuts a hole in the storm raging in the sky overhead, rays shining down through the break from the setting sun, surrounding Gabriel in a ring of fiery light. Dean shields his eyes against it and barely gets his weapon up in time to block Gabriel's next strike.
The stillness is unnerving. Dean was here so briefly, it's easy to forget. The entire place seems held in a despondent stasis, lake frozen solid and slick. The souls trapped at its surface disfigured by the ice, eyes frozen shut with tears that never get to fall. Dean was one among millions, then, until Alastair had come for him.
A voice calls his name and just like that, Benny fades away, lost in the ever-moving gaggle of bodies and leaving Castiel with only his brother for company.
"The gig," Charlie says, slowly, "or your melodrama?"
When Crowley steps closer, the force holding Dean against the wall constricts. It doesn't hurt and isn't uncomfortable, but it's disconcerting because he can't move. Dean thinks about leaving, about being back at the bar — but this time nothing happens.
"It was supposed to be Lucifer," Gabriel says. He's lost whatever gusto he had in the outburst, and sinks heavily into the chair by the table. "Before the snake got into the garden, before Cain and Abel, before the great war. Michael had Dean, Lucifer had you. Your bloodlines, anyway, but in the end it would always be you two. We were supposed to — it was supposed to be
, haven't you?" He looks up at Sam, and shakes his head. "There's a reason they had a couple of half-wit Hobbits take the damn thing to Mount Doom."
, Castiel thinks, before he realizes what Dean said.
"Hey, wait," Sam says, startling to his feet. The blade is right where Dean — or was it Cas? — left it, lying innocently on the floor between the war room and the library. "While you're out, could you — "
"Pretty sure Dad nailed her, too," Dean goes on when Sam remains silent. "I wonder if we got any other siblings lying around."
It smells like Purgatory.
, and God, he doesn't want to know. He mumbles an excuse about the dishes and trips over himself getting out of the room.
True. Then again, neither did he.
Which is fucking stupid, he doesn't
Dean rolls off his lap and props his back against the headboard, crossing his arms over his knees and letting his forehead rest there. He's still naked and a little sticky and he feels feverish, skin too hot and sensitive to the crisp sheets as Cas rustles up beside him.
is plastered in huge, serif letters on the wall behind the stands. Gabriel sits at a slick, metal-and-mahogany desk while his guest occupies one of the comfy armchairs beside it. Looks like they're past the political rundown; the show is in the last segment, interviewing some middle-aged movie star who has gone from nobody to A-list in the span of a single blockbuster. Castiel can't remember his name, and isn't interested enough to ask. He lingers by the edge of the set for a while, watching Gabriel's animated antics with a small smile.
He hands it over without asking why; the next song has started up, and Sam
"You got what you asked for. No Paradise, no Hell. Just more of the same."
. "Jesus Christ, Cas. I'm having flashbacks about the goddamn pizza man."
The fingers around Castiel's neck squeeze, just enough to make him tense. "Desperation is really unattractive, sweetheart." Castiel swallows against his grip, and closes his eyes. "M'not generally into cherry pie, either, if y'know what I mean. You're a little low mileage for my tastes, but for you," Castiel opens his eyes just in time to see Dean smile again, and Castiel resists the urge to shudder as Dean's eyes crawl over his body. "I'd made an exception."
and God himself. But right here and now? Why I showed up at all? Yeah, genius. It's
Dean just watches, ignoring Bela's suggestion that he may as well go have a drink because this could take a while. Dean isn't thirsty or tired but he is impatient, arms folded over his chest as he paces by the door. His entire world has narrowed down to a point, is focused the magnetic field of epic proportions radiating from the blade, pulling him into a tighter and tighter orbit.
Dean's halfway through turning around and pauses, pivoting right back to demand why the hell not, Sam's going to blow up his phone any minute because morning's quickly turning into afternoon, and the wind's picking up again for round two, and anyway, why the hell would Cas want to hang around here any longer than they have to —
"Fucking
"Maybe he will kill us. Maybe he won't. It doesn't matter — even if we had some sure-fire way to take him out, I wouldn't do it, and neither would you."
Dean sighs and pushes up, rolling onto his back. "Do you
"Sounds like you should get back to work then, your Highness."
archangel unless you bloody have to. Both of them — well, let's just say getting buggered by Michael and Lucifer won't be nearly as much fun as shirtlifters picked up at the bar."
"You need to stop thinking of me as an individual," Death says. "I'm simply a fact, Dean. Everything dies, but nothing is destroyed. Not really. Your consciousness, your sense of self, perhaps. That fish, this beach, those stars." He shrugs. "Some of your religions have the right idea; your concept of what I am, of death, is merely a transformation from one thing into the next. God didn't create you any more than I can destroy you. He simply granted you the collective consciousness and ingenuity to figure yourselves out. Energy made sentient. I told him it was a stupid idea, but did he listen?"
"Pretty sure he's older than me."
"Bullshit, they don't. We got them back into Heaven. We gave them Metatron. Dean — " Sam snaps his mouth shut and runs a hand through his hair. "
"Holy shit," he says. He lowers the weapon, cracks a smile. He's familiar, but only just. "Dean fucking Winchester, fancy meeting you here."
knew. Someone he'd torn into more pieces than he could count, over and over again. Maybe so he wouldn't be tempted to do it again.
"The demon had already begun to retreat," Cas says. He looks a little fuzzy around the edges, and Sam isn't sure if it's his vision or if Cas is starting to fade. "He won't be able to go far."
"Guess we'll find out when Michael finally pulls a Shawshank and needs another meatsuit, huh? After all this time, shit. Adam's gotta be trashed beyond repair."
"You can have the bed," Dean says, heading towards the bathroom. "Just give me a pillow and one of the blankets, all right?"
Maybe that night in South Dakota was just him trying to appease a human partner. Maybe Dean's doomed to spending his life stuck on second base.
single time my life has taken a turn for the worst it's because of some fucked up shit you did? It's kind of like our running joke — you do something stupid, I fix it, you hate me for it..." the left edge of his lip curls up, sharp, "but it's really not funny."
"Sam — "
Castiel has been in the room for forty-seven minutes. He assumes Gabriel is long gone, and that Sam has taken their other human companion through the necessary motions. There's a few local churches that would do and, failing that, a confessional phone service Sam found online.
He follows the gravel driveway towards it. A long row of warehouses line his left side, an empty lot and an abandoned gas station on his right. Cannibalized cars sit decomposing in the corner, bleeding rust. The ground is overgrown with weeds and optimistic wildflowers, as if nature is trying to reclaim the space between the buildings.
Castiel sighs heavily, leaning his weight against his friend, agent, mutual asshole. Whatever. Balthazar takes the weight, humming in amusement when Castiel mutters, "Why do I bother having my own phone at all?"
Dean really doesn't have time for this. Looks like he'll have to do this the hard way.
He wonders if he can get back there, now. He thinks if he could, he'd probably never leave.
"Yeah, I get it," Sam says through his teeth. Cas sighs and takes another sip of his beer. "Is that why... " He can't say the words
Stretched out below him, Central Park looks like one of those little picturesque Christmas Villages done up in department stores, clumpy white snow cut by barren trunks of trees and long, winding lines of mud and asphalt. People scurry along the paths, wrapped up in bright, puffy coats, thick scarves, and topped off with knitted hats. The bustle of the city is muted by the cold, and his breath mists thick as smoke without the aid of the cigarette.
Cas smells —
"Two words, Sammy:
. If Sam makes a mistake then maybe Dean has half a chance of getting the fuck out of here, away from the blood and memories of things he'd rather forget. The hounds are hard to fight on a good day; if Sam's running on empty, he doesn't stand a chance.
Cas sounds a little annoyed now, too. "If you don't want me here, I can leave."
"Who the hell is that?" one of the guys asks. Dean wonders if he can get up there, slit his throat, and get back down here fast enough that nobody'd notice.
The light grows, bleeds in through the gaps in the building until it washes out everything, and Sam gets a reprieve as Dean shields his eyes — it's that, or go blind.
." He hits the edge of the sink and scrambles to hold on. He tries to focus, to shove the onslaught away.
. Easier said than done. They're lucky they found him before, that he went back for the Impala at all. "We won't find him," Sam says. He lets Jody hold his weight as she leads them back into the dark library, isn't sure if he can stand up without it. "Not now, not that he — "
"The plan is we get you a fresh ride," Sam says, picking at his fries, "and you drive northwest until you run out of gas."
, Sam. I haven't felt this good... well,
," he insists) and asks about them later, but he seems about as happy as Dean to leave it without any concrete definition.
"Don't you have anything better to do than make the news every other day?"
Hot pink energy flashes arc off the walls. It surrounds him like a web, shocking and burning everything that gets too close. He has no idea where he's going but the mark does, guides him through the holy armada trying to stop him. Each body he drops is replaced with another, and Dean has to wonder if they have the poor bastards lined up outside the place, worthy vessels awaiting their turn for murder.
They look him over, and granted, a younger vessel with a full head of hair would help, but Crowley has an ace up his sleeve; the moment the taller of the two sees Dean is with him, Crowley watches his pupils dilate. He glances at his companion, who now has his eyes glued to Dean.
"Say I do this," he says, and studies his empty glass as the barman refills it, "I don't even know what's next. I assume I'll have to break my lease, among other things."
Cas does look at him then, as expressionless as the first time Dean saw those eyes under the shaft-broken light of a full moon. "I did what I had to."
so much as teleports, appearing behind the angel, the First Blade in hand. Castiel seems to anticipate the move, and his wings beat like a thunderclap.
. "Truth? All weirdness aside," all of it, from the angel thing and the gay thing, Dean's own warehouse of baggage, and the simple fact that Cas always, without fail,
Sam stares. "That is
Castiel's saved finding a response to that when someone yells "
He grabs a can of spray paint out of the trunk and throws up a few Enochian wards along the brick wall of the building just in case Heaven has any more stupid ideas. On a second thought, he sprays one on the trunk lid as well, red paint bleeding down the shiny black coat. Bela waits impatiently, arms crossed over her chest and muttering something about paranoia.
Sam grits his teeth together, causing the muscle in his jaw to flex, then sighs. "Do you really think he cares enough to bother, right now?"
"Cake," Sam insists, stubborn as a bull. "Cheese
"Um," Sam tries again. "Guys?"
. "They'll rip you to shreds. Trust me, there ain't a worse way to go."
"It's not a big deal." Dean pops the car into drive before Sam even hits the passenger seat. "We got a job to do, and we're not going on hiatus just because we're a man down. Cas can just ride along for a little Hunter 101."
so. Just because Sammy's a damn saint doesn't mean I'm not a decent wingman when needed."
The sun is peeking over the horizon and Dean rushes towards it, away from the darkness and the pain and the memories. One hand tightens on the wheel, the other on the wooden relic in his fist, dull points burning at his palm. The engine roars as he leans into the accelerator, rear wheels scrambling for purchase on damp asphalt.
Sam clicks the file Jody attached to the text. It's a coroner's report, dated two days ago. Sam scrolls down the PDF until he gets to the cause of death: undetermined. Best guess is a combination of exsanguination and shock.
"All right," Dean says, and tries to keep his voice even. He'll miss having Jody around — both as a distraction for Sam and her company — but it's not like they can expect to drop her life and move in.
It might. She tenses when he comes up behind her. "What do you remember?"
He turns to leave, but Dean calls after him, "You forgot to tell me what this thing does."
"What," Sam starts, and seems to figure it out the same time Castiel does; scorched deep into the ground, the size of an amphitheatre, is a massive devil's trap with Gabriel at its center.
"You know
"No," Dean snaps. Cas' hand pulls back, and Dean lets out a breath. "Thanks, but I like to work on her myself."
He doesn't realize Dean's gotten up until he hears the bathroom door close with a soft
Sam ignores her. "Cas said that?"
The man smiles, as if amused, but Dean can see the tumult of curiosity and hunger beneath it. "Name's Crowley. King of Hell. You won't remember any of this yet, but we go way back, you and I." The man — Crowley — pauses and peers at Dean critically. "Do you at least know your
. If you pulled your head out of your own ass for five minutes maybe you'd have noticed it's always been about you!"
Dean slants a glare her direction before rolling his eyes. "Shut up."
"So, as I was saying," Sam tries to interrupt the resounding silence, "if we can just figure out a — "
Castiel circles around to the side of the bed and lays a hand on the girl's forehead, closing his eyes.
"Maybe there's a spell." Sam's voice is muted, muffled as if Castiel is listening through a door, barely making sense of the words. "Something to track him down. I've got enough of his stuff here, maybe — "
, and for what? All I did was give, even when I had nothing left. I've earned the right to be selfish."
Jody nods in agreement, and even if she doesn't really understand how difficult that's going to be, Sam appreciates the gesture of solidarity. "All right," she says eventually, putting down her glass and standing back up. She unzips her jacket and tosses it on the table. "It was a long drive, I'm starving. When's the last time you ate?"
"Bela bloody Talbot," he says, and his English accent is thick despite his Asian heritage. Bela allows him to kiss one cheek, then the other. As he leans forward, Dean can see the flash of a talisman hanging from his neck and clenches the knife in his hand. Of all the bottom feeders in the room, of course they're here to see the fucking
"All right," Sam sits up, and reaches for the door handle. "You guys wait here. I'm gonna take a look."
too much time together. "He spent the first three hours of the ride over here talking about bees.
It doesn't take him long to zero in on a mark at the bar.
Gabriel's eyes widen as he watches the ground scorch around Dean, and spreads his wings. Castiel forcibly turns Sam around before he ends up blinded by the sight of Gabriel's trueform shining through, a swirling vortex made of infinite light, six wings framing a snarling jackal and screaming raven as he ascends. Castiel braces them both as Gabriel raises his weapon and dives, slamming  the point of his glaive into the ground.
When the dust settles enough that they can see, the junkyard is laid bare, and Dean is crouched in the center, bloody and snarling. The ground beneath him begins to smoke, charring beneath his feet as he moves, red lines of fire branching out like a hellish spiderweb. The lightning storm overhead surges to follow the demon below it, covering the space in darkness. Heat rolls off it in waves, and the very ground beneath their feet grows warm with hellfire.
"Dead? Yeah, well, like I said," he attempts to shrug, and Cas tightens his grip. "Been there, done that. Little demonic twist this time. Could be worse."
She breathes out when he backs up so she can open the door. The sun outside is blinding, bouncing off the hood of the car. His head aches again, pain pulsing sharply behind his eyes. He squints and sees Bela head towards her bike. He catches her elbow, jerks his head at the Impala. "Get in."
logo branded on his shirt in faded letters. They're sharing a pair of earbuds plugged into the little mp3 player sitting on the sheets between them.
"Small and made of wood," Dean repeats. "This is seriously all you have to go on?"
," Gabriel snaps, and lashes out.
For a second it looks like Dean's going to ask anyway, but he closes his mouth and nods. "Right." He leans both hands against the open window and peers inside, then glances back. "Thanks, man. Really."
," Dean snarls — really snarls, a deep, inhuman sound that reverberates off the stone walls. "If you really care about me, you'll leave me be. I'm
Dean has to clamp a hand over her mouth to stifle her moans, because there's a dozen more that could take her place, and he's just getting started.
The witch seems to consider his options, but jumps as something outside the door crashes, and there's a scream that may be in pain or in rage. "I can't rightly open your precious box if the place is burning down."
Castiel waits outside the room. He doesn't linger hidden to watch, doesn't reach out to eavesdrop. A nurse shuffles quietly down the hall doing rounds, and when she gets to Castiel, he waves her by, gently influencing her to forget about this room for now, to remember to come back to it later.
They find Bela alone in the library, still trussed up inside a hastily-painted devil's trap on the floor. Dean wonders if they planned the same for her that they’d had for him, despite the human soul still trapped inside. Probably not; Sam likely only kept her alive because Bela always knew more than she let on, had some trinket or secret that gave her the upper hand. Dean wonders if he has the time to carve it out of her.
's got a nice segue into a long duel."
"It's strange," Castiel continues, when no answer is forthcoming, "how emotional pain is often more severe than the physical. I was familiar with the latter. I could endure it to great lengths. We were made to. Pain doesn't disable us like it does humans. But doubt?" Castiel resists shivering at the memory, when he first started to question God's will. "Anxiety? Despair? Heartache?" Dean does look at him then, if only to glare. Castiel meets his gaze evenly. "It's terrifying, and yes, painful. You never understood, what it was like for me."
Sam looks at Castiel, but the angel has his eyes on Dean; not demanding, just waiting, more patient than Sam. "Dean," he attempts.
Jody ignores the taunt and presses, "How did it make you
), and then Tessa was... fine, even if her direct stare and annoyingly flippant attitude about everything always made Dean a little uneasy.
Cas shivers again, and Sam is sure it isn't from the straps that he's securing over Dean's forearms. "A principle that even Lucifer didn't dare defy when it came to acquiring
"It's not that complicated, once we catch him," Sam says. "Couple hours, few magic words, a little human blood — "
Castiel takes advantage of the darkness and wanders up the ramp, keeping close to the wall to avoid being run over by dollies moving to-and-fro. He can hear a familiar voice shouting "No, you idiot, he's opening with the strat!" and flattens himself against the wall as the little Asian storm scurries past, cables in hand, still cursing.
"This would be a very effective strategy in Hell," Cas mutters as Dean shoves him back down before grabbing the lube he'd left on the bed.
Michael has been here, without Castiel or Dean's knowledge. He has ripped every shred of Castiel's existence from Dean that he could. Castiel wonders why — he cannot remove Castiel's mark from Dean's body and soul, only his memory, and if anything, it will only make Castiel's mission harder.
"Yeah, I remember," Sam says, leaning down until his gaze is even with Castiel's, and Castiel meets his eyes. "But did she have a soul?"
At which point Sam realizes he's interrupted...
Dean doesn't see why the fuck not, but that's why Sam has a wife and a mortgage and is partner in a firm, and Dean can't remember the last time he had a mailing address.
The man using him isn't far behind, but Crowley hardly notices, barely spares him a glance as he sits back, spent. "You can show yourselves out," Crowley tells him, and feels the bed shift through Dean as they get up to gather their clothes. When the door opens, he catches Bela's eye and jerks his head after them. Little do they know, Crowley has a special surprise awaiting both of them in the pit.
Benny makes an unattractive snort that Castiel takes for a laugh cut short. "Nah, he likes to save his energy for the show, not all the hassle before one. Tanks his head. He'll come out when he's ready."
He tries to warn the psychic, but she ignores his words. Castiel resigns himself to finding his own vessel. For all the time watching humanity, Castiel has never made contact and therefore never taken one before, but it's clear he must to complete his objective.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam and his fifteen sheep glare are Dean from across the board. "This is why nobody ever wants to play Monopoly with you."
Castiel slips into the empty stool beside him and places his violin case on the bar.
Before Sam can remind Dean that Cas has several billion years of being a heavenly squad leader in his resume, Dean rolls his eyes so hard his head rolls with them, dropping back against the seatback.
The field in Kentucky has been reduced to a mile-wide patch of scorched earth.
followed by a resounding
. Sam knows it, lets it repeat on his head in a loop. Dean doesn't want to talk about Michael or Crowley and Sam has to
Sam must imagine it, judging by his expression. "You're saying that because of the mark, he's...become a Knight of Hell?"
"Scotch. Neat."
Dean ignores the insistent ache between his legs and buries his face in a pillow.
Dean remembers fire falling from the sky, the intense tsunami of heat from an archangel's smiting, and winces. "Yeah, uh," he pulls his hand away, rubbing at the back of his neck. He'd be out of his mind if Baby had taken the blow. "Sorry about that. Guess I owe you some new wheels."
"Well," Dean says, going for his re-filled whiskey, "I don't know if I can compete with that, but you couldn't take it on stage, anyway."
"That's different. You're praying to me specifically." Castiel actually takes the time to signal before changing lanes and it makes Sam smile a little, even now, to think of what Dean would have to say about that. "Those are private, but undirected prayers can be heard by any angel inclined to listen."
Dean rolls his eyes and his head with them, and winces at the bite of the cuffs around his wrists. "All things considered, that asshole did me a favor. Don't get me wrong, I still plan to give him the Winchester Special I perfected downstairs, but I'm getting real sick of the pity party." Seriously, what is so hard to them to understand? Don't they remember what it used to be like? What
Dean makes a face that Castiel isn't sure to interpret as surprise or unimpressed. Dean finds what he was looking for — a flask, apparently it's happy hour in the rock 'n roll world — and takes a swig, throwing his head back and giving Castiel full-frontal proof that those magazine covers were, if anything, understated.
Dean doesn't pull away, so he keeps his hand where it is, fingers idly carding through his hair. The kitchen is quiet with just the two of them, aside from the insistent leaky faucet Dean has given up on fixing. Dean tilts his head a little under Castiel's touch, granting access, so Castiel moves the touch down, pinching lightly at the muscle where Dean's neck meets his shoulder. He's answered with a deep groan of appreciation so Castiel uses both hands, careful not to press or pinch too hard, using large, soothing movements over the muscles of Dean's back and shoulders and small, tight circles to work out the knots as he finds them.
, like sulfur and ash and smoke.
Dean's laughing too hard to properly kiss him but tries anyway, lets Cas wrap him up and roll them over. The morning is still hours away, and Dean intends to keep this as long as he can.
"Four cheese or garlic?"
Cas follows him through the halls without invitation and Dean blinks as the garage lights up bright as day around him. The Impala sits in the center, clean and with a new windshield, but still bullet-ridden. Dean's mostly been putting this off because he doesn't have the tools he needs to fix her up, not properly. It's gonna be a big project, but it's gotta start somewhere.
"Ow," Dean says. "Y'know, I'm gonna want use of those when we're done here." Sam doesn't loosen the strap, but goes easier on the second one, eyeing Dean curiously. "What?"
, man, Jesus. No homicidal urges, but between you and Cas' fucking handholding, I ain't promising anything." It's not a lie; Dean hadn't even thought about it until Sam brought it up. He doesn't really want to scratch at that phantom itch. "We'll be back in a couple hours."
"No, you gotta do it — I only have about twenty of these to give out. So you just fill this card out, and we'll settle the twenty today, cash, check or credit card — "
"Okay," is all Cas says and Dean sees him pull up one of those little chairs by the table and flick on the TV.
The wings snap back when Dean lunges, throwing his weight sideways. He wants to throw Cas, to slam him against the wall until it
"She was telling the truth," Cas says. He wipes his bloody hands on the button-down, tacky blood smearing brown against the white fabric. "And the truth is rather alarming."
. And not because I thought I didn't deserve it. It's the only other time I can remember feeling this good."
"Or get ripped to sodding
Sam blinks. Cas is leaning in the doorway. He's cleaned up, hair still damp. There are dark circles below his eyes, which are looking at the floor. He's wearing jeans a little too long for him, and — Sam's throat tightens — one of Dean's old Clash t-shirts.
Dean licks his lips, watches her eyes follow the movement. "Changed my mind about that drink."
Sam catches another case, which leads to another heated non-argument about whether or not he should do it alone or pawn it off to another hunter nearby. Jody offered to go with, but got shot down on both fronts so quickly she gave up and let the brothers have it out.
Dean smiles, slow and easy. "You never did thank me for saving your life.
"We don't," Dean agrees, closing his eyes. He needs a shot and a nap, in that order. "Definitely goes in the pro-column, though." He cracks open an eye, watching Cas' expression even though he can't hope to read it, because maybe he's got it all wrong. He's the one that started it, after all. "I mean, you want to, right?"
here when I really need you?" The ceiling stares back, offering no answers. "I'm trying to hold it together, but I'm tired, Cas. I'm tired of trying so damn
For all the evil he and Sam hunted down over their sorry lives, they never caught wind of something wicked down here. The city is ripe with opportunity, a seething pit of debauchery and bad decisions that most monsters would make a feast out of. Large cities were always a challenge, though, trying to weed out the evil of something supernatural versus the everyday evil of humans.
Dean's having a pretty good night, all in all, right up until Cas' hands drift lower, and Dean realizes that Cas is the only one standing to attention.
So Castiel does, because Uriel has taken many vessels and would know better than he. Jimmy Novak is a good man, at a glance. He has his vices, but nothing unforgivable. Nothing that a priest cannot dismiss in a routine confession (and Jimmy makes them, twice a week, once at Wednesday service and again on Sundays). He coaxes the man for seven days, eavesdropping on his dreams and whispering in the quiet twilight hours. A test of faith, a promise to protect, and the imparting of his mission's importance, and Jimmy says yes.
Dean asks, "Okay?" and Cas is shaking but pants out "Yes," and it's easier, now, and Dean murmurs  "There you go, there you go," against his thigh and closes his eyes, does it all by touch and listens to the sounds he's drawing out of Cas. He's resting his head against Cas' thigh, can feel the pulse of his heartbeat through it as the shaking turns into shudders and Dean's going to blow his load against the bedspread if he opens his eyes and that's fine, really, because Dean wants to watch him come undone, wants to see him fall apart as he crests over the edge. When he takes Cas' cock in his other hand again Cas throws his head back and the sound he makes is almost inhuman.
Castiel inhales and opens his eyes.
" Dean snaps, and the sound cuts through Sam like a whip and he startles back a step. Dean grins. "Michael doesn't scare me, Sammy. Not sure what does, anymore. Hell, when Dad finally let me go on hunts, I was so surprised. I had no
"Guess you'll have to educate me."
"Yeah," Dean interrupts. "I'm — getting there. One day at a time, right?"
"Hey, now," Dean says, reproachful. "Baby's the one damn thing in this life that has never let me down."
"Human blood," Jody repeats, deadpan.
Dean bites back the automatic
Dean delays just long enough to brush his teeth and piss — Cas having gotten that out of the way while Dean was still cat-napping off an orgasm — and catches his reflection by accident. There's a few tell-tale signs of the night before and morning after, red trail marks scratched into his chest and arms, all easily covered up by a shirt-and-flannel combo... aside from the bite mark on his throat. He can actually see
He's flipped so fast it would take his breath away, if he had to breathe.
"It's not," Dean starts and stops, licking his lips. His eyes dart around the room, like they're looking for the right words. "Simple," he is what he settles on. "But... yeah, we're, uh. We're good."
Dean's way. It doesn't even hurt to think it — more of a resigned sort of realization. Sam sighs, and scrubs a hand over his face. It's weird, but maybe their lives have left him so jaded he shot right past grief, skipped over anger, and stumbled right into a benumbed haze.
Dean ignores it. "It should tell you somethin' that you're the only person they could scrounge up to do this." When Jody straights to fold her arms and tilts her head, indulgent, Dean curls his lip and leans forward as much as the bonds will allow. "
The night is brisk and but the leather jacket is warm enough over his shirt to stave off the worst of the wind chill. Benny carefully disengages from the car without letting the passenger door connect with the old Honda they're blocking in. "True 'nuff," he agrees, close on Dean's heels as Dean shoulders his way through the door. "But you should trust your instincts. I'd rather settle for second-best than have another Tessa situation right before the tour."
. And that was when God was still around to put his foot down. Now?" He shakes his head. "Nothing will be able to stop them. They'll annihilate each other and everything else along with it!"
"Yeah!" she shouts from the back. When she comes into view, there's a bandaid on her arm. She looks at Dean, one hand on her hip, and bites her lip. "You ready for this?"
"They're amazing, aren't they?" Jess says, breathless, when Brady gives her back. She's glowing in the low light, soft gold ringlets of hair tumbling over her bare shoulders, teeth blindingly white against her lipstick. "They're taking requests. I didn't think they'd know any, but the guy said he can improvise... " She shrugs. "Oh, hey, let me see your phone? I left mine in my coat."
She disappears into the shadows, and Castiel makes a cursory glance for Gabriel over his shoulder. He has to know the show is about to start — he must be able to
Dean doesn't answer. He steps into the room and Castiel can see his features now, silver shadows in the dark flashing like a school of fish in the deep sea. Castiel lets him come, doesn't move as Dean pauses with two steps left between them. Cold, green eyes sweep slowly over Castiel, and Castiel recognizes the path they take — the long flush down his body and back up, rising like the tide and filling every crevice along the way with intent, brushing his hands, his hips, his shoulders, cutting sharply across the collarbone and then slides, serpentine, up the curve of his neck and jaw.
Things get a little hairy when Sam enlists Castiel's help and tries to snake around Dean's base of operations towards the coast, going for the dock that'll let them swap out sheep for whatever they need. Dean might accidentally place a road in their way, and ducks when Sam throws a settlement at him.
"Just hold her steady," Dean grunts out between his teeth. Keeping hold of the wrench is precarious enough, and he doesn't really have the focus to argue at the same time.
"Ohh, somebody paid attention in class." When the girl looks up, her eyes are black. "That
Before Cas can ask and break the delicate balance Dean's maintaining between riled up and quietly freaking out, Dean buries his nose in the crevice of his groin, right next to his palm, and lets out a long, hot breath. Dean's head swims with the scent of him; Cas tries to shift again and Dean can feel him twitch against his palm. Dean curls his fingers, and Christ, Cas is thick and hot and his hips jerk when Dean puts his mouth on him, pants be damned, lips wrapping around the head and laving at it with the flat of his tongue.
The next time he opens his eyes, the sunlight is persistent through the curtains and casts the room in a hazy white light. Everything is soft and warm and Dean doesn't want to move, doesn't even feel the urge to bolt when he realizes the pillow beneath his head is made up of an expanse of flawless skin, sparse dark hairs trailing their way from the navel and lower, silver-lined by the morning sun.
Dean leans in, so Cas can feel every inch of him laid out along his body. "Whatever the fuck we want."
The crews scatter further as the last member descends, a tall woman with long, flaming red hair, boasting the kind of body often seen on pin-up posters, and beautiful in a way that reminds Castiel of movie stars on red carpets. She's wearing what amounts to a black bustier and thigh-high, high-heeled boots, and not much else. The strip of fabric acting as a skirt around her hips features a bullet belt made out of what looks like M60 rounds. Tucked into the belt is a massive, long-barrel revolver.
Jess Winchester is a beard CONFIRMED!!! Can't wait to get Sam back.
; you've had a whole host of supernatural shit up your ass, and I get a busted angel on his last wing? Story of my fucking life."
Once the girls had been dressed and safely deposited in a car with directions to take them wherever they wanted to go, Kevin turned his energies on the rest of them, alternating between ineffectually shouting at Ash (the more Kevin shouted the more bowls he smoked, so they about evened each other out) and ineffectually shouting at Benny, who used to shout back but had lost interest ever since Andrea had the divorce papers delivered.
She quiets when they both hear it, the unmistakable sound of a shotgun being cocked. Dean turns around and can see Krissy at the top of the stairs, barrel pointed at his chest.
Dean comes out three minutes later, sliding the glass door quietly closed. He's wearing that carefully blank expression he uses when he's overwhelmed, compartmentalizing his grief and guilt so they don't interfere with his ability to function. Castiel knows if he tries to sleep now, the nightmares will be unbearable.
. The sort of smile Sam hasn't seen since Dean got over the novelty of pranking his fellow students in high school. "I was alone, Dean. And I was
That seems like all Dean's prepared to say on the matter, and Sam doesn't want to push. Not with that, not after all this time. They'll figure it out. Probably. "About last night — "
Cas shudders and looks away, dark lashes casting faint shadows over his cheeks. "That's... kind of you to say, Dean, but that doesn't — "
"Dean Winchester," she says. Her eyes are already glowing. The heat in the room is
for fun.
in a suit."
The mark on his right arm burns bright against his skin, pulsing in tune with his vessel's heartbeat. He spits out a mouthful of blood before straightening up, wiping the excess away with the back of his hand. His eyes are still trained on the space Gabriel occupied before Castiel cast spell. "Your big brother is raging a pain in my ass."
" Krissy drops her half-eaten burger on the desk. "He's a demon, Sam. It's not him, it's just some smoke riding his hide. He's already dead."
Jody pulls the bowl off the opposite counter and takes the wrap off. "Easier than picking up a loaf at the store, and the ingredients keep longer than the product."
He's enveloped in blinding heat once more. He hates that he craves it. The bleeding stops as his body repairs itself; he can feel the individual cells duplicate to stitch the flesh back together, the itch of scabs forming and just as quickly smoothing into fresh skin. He's disappointed with how quickly it's over.
"Trick of the light?" Sam suggests, almost as if on reflex.
Cas sits beside Dean and reopens up his book to a marked page. "Okay."
, but most of the time it's tangled deep up under everything else and a lot harder to decipher." Cas shrugs. "It's hard to explain without going into a series of nonlinear differential equations."
," Sam shouts again, and Jody winces from the doorway at the volume. "We were so close!"
Castiel is so enthralled with the precise, practiced movements of the crew he doesn't notice he has company until Charlie punches him in the arm. "Hey, angel. Fancy meeting you here."
. "I told you not to hunt me."
"Sam — "
There's a long enough pause that Dean thinks Sam already hung up, but then he says, "
"Help me," the girl says, eyes wide and wet. Tear tracks run down the dirt on her cheeks. She seems to notice Jody's uniform, and the gun on her hip. "Where am I? Are you — "
"Sorry," Dean says automatically, then rolls his eyes when Cas tilts his head in question. "Lost track of time. I meant to call."
"You mean aside from the fact that your brother killed my friends and carved me up like a pot roast?" Sam winces. "I'm great, Sam. How was your nap?"
right now, signing up with whatever new-agey metal band was in season.
"You need to stop thinking about this like he's possessed. He isn't. This is what he would have become if I had never pulled him out of Hell, do you understand?" Castiel snaps, and Sam takes a step back in surprise. He can't ever recall Cas raising his voice, outside of his fights with Dean. "If Alastair had his way, if Dean had kept carving up souls like hers," he waves at the door to the storeroom, "it takes decades,
"No," Dean says, sitting on the end of the bed to pull on his boots.
The line of tour buses spill out into the avenue like beached whales, shiny husks glittering beneath the stadium lights. They're dark inside aside from a single illuminated cab, and Castiel wonders how the driver manages to nap with all the ambient noise around them. A few others huddle between the buses, looking for shelter from the cold to grab a smoke. The black SUV glides past the line of them silently, rolling to a halt at the service entrance to the stadium. A gust of wind assaults them as Gabriel swings open the door and hops out, reaching back in to drag Castiel out by his wrist when he doesn't follow.
Jody glances at Sam, but he nods, urging her on. She repeats the question.
"Okay?"
"You asked me for one good reason," Crowley says. "I've given you two."
"Hey, fair enough. Can't say I saw it comin'." Dean licks his lips. He fought hard, but the angel had shut him up tight inside his own vessel, intense heat rolling over him like molten lava, suffocating under a kind of love that defied definition. The confirmation was anticlimactic; the possession, though —
"What the fuck," Sam says.
"He's not part of the problem," Sam rephrases, turning to face her. Jody raises an eyebrow. "He's done more good than harm, on the whole."
Dean has doubled-over, hands on his knees and wheezing. Sam hasn't seen him laugh that hard in
"I'm sorry," Cas says. "I should have asked."
Sam crosses his arms over his chest, but doesn't move any closer. "Sorry." Sam exhales, hard. "I'm not trying to be a pain in the ass, all right?"
Cas and Sam look at each other again, but it's Sam who answers. "Dean, you've been missing for almost a month."
Cas gives him a thoughtful sort of look, one thumb tracing the line of Dean's eyebrow. "I suppose I'm just not used to having the liberty of making such assumptions."
There's a loud crash from inside the bar, followed by the sounds of breaking glass and splintering wood. The windows glow blindingly bright, bathing the street in pink light. The sky is a spiderweb of electricity, thunder playing out a cosmic bass that grows louder with every pass. Someone inside screams, followed by a chorus, one beautiful sound of terror overlapping another. Underlying the screams are the organic sounds of rent flesh and broken bones, throats choking on blood. It's over in a matter of moments, followed by an eerie silence aside from the storm.
And here is Dean Winchester, of all people, giving him another option.
Gabriel paces  the length of the war room and wheels on Sam the moment he's over the threshold. "Crowley was right," he snarls. Without his wings, his vessel is small enough that Sam is almost fooled into complacency. "They were
Castiel lets him lead. Gabriel acts like a compass, so well-practiced at navigating this kind of chaos that he flows through the endless stream of people like a salmon heading upriver, Castiel safe in his wake. They show their passes at the back entrance, at the elevator, the entryway beyond. Again at another intersection of hallways, a set of doors leading deeper beneath the bowels of the epicenter, and again at some skinny entryway that feeds deep into the heart of the noise. It feels as if they're ascending a higher order of heaven with each checkpoint they slither through.
"How do you sell coupons? Isn't the nature of a coupon that you give them away for free?"
Charlie looks him over with a squint. "Boyfriend?"
The woman is laid out on the bed, unconscious. 'Woman' is a generous term, Castiel knows; she's more of a child, despite being old enough to bear her own. She looks ever younger now, pale skin beading with sweat from the fever, completely ignorant of the fact that Sam picked the lock of the motel room and let them both inside when she didn't answer the door.
And then Cas smiles, and it's not the predatory smile he was using on Dean last night, just happy and definitely a little sappy. Dean feels himself blush but doesn't have to hide it because Cas pulls him in and kisses him. Dean tries to deepen it, but Cas pulls away and says against his cheek, "Lie back," and Dean lets himself be pushed onto his back, and just kind of stares as Cas throws a leg over his hips and sits on him.
He does. It's not the same calm that follows a kill, but he feels
"Hunter raid," Bela supplies with a shrug. "You're getting sloppy in your old age, Keung."
. He slows down and glares at it as the Impala rolls past; it hasn't changed it all since he was occupying Room E on the far end, shortly after Sam had left for Stanford. It was a routine salt and burn, but the resident deputy (some greenhorn; tall, dark hair, kinda cute) was a royal pain. This town wasn't big enough for them to tromp through without a shadow, so John left Dean to keep the deputy busy, and went to burn the bones himself.
— like Heaven. Dean's a little drunk on it, little dizzy from the danger of grace just under his fingertips. He brushes his cheek against Cas', stubble catching the soft skin near his ear. Low on juice or not, he's pretty sure Cas could kick his ass into next week before Dean could get the upper hand, but Cas isn't moving, isn't leaning in or pulling away, just lying in wait like an event horizon Dean hasn't hit yet.
"Actually," Sam says, thoughtful. "That's not a terrible — "
"I'm sure you're familiar with the Star of David?"
"And this is my problem, why?"
Dean rolls his eyes and turns on his heel; Sam's face starts to pinch, but before he can say a word, Dean stops when the angel meets his eyes. They don't speak, but something happens in the space between them that she and Sam aren't privy to, a silent exchange that makes Dean sigh, rub irritably at his right forearm, and turn back around. "Fine," he grouses, slouching into a seat. He grabs the sugariest box of cereal from the bunch, pours the bowl with some milk, and shoves a loaded spoonful into his mouth. "Happy?"
Castiel is quiet for a long time. Long enough that Sam's half-asleep on the seatback and jumps a little when he finally speaks. "I was tempted." It sounds like a confession, something whispered to a priest before asking for forgiveness. "There were times that I — " Cas pauses, then sighs. Sam sees his shoulder shift in his peripheral vision. "We were forbidden to intervene."
" Dean lets out a short laugh. "I was only gone a couple of hours."
"Mm. Probably for the best." The man cocks his head, looking Dean over. "Do you know who you are?"
"You did, didn't you?" Dean keeps smiling, right in his face, and Sam can see the shadow of his own reflection in those black eyes. "He'd disappear, days or weeks at a time. Once, when you were five, he was gone for a month and a half. The motel was only paid up for the month, and when I tried to pay the rest in cash, they called Child Services." Dean leans back in his seat, slouching. "Couldn't wait around for that bullshit, could I? No, Dad would pick you up and leave my ass in the system if I let
Bela leans back in her chair. Half her face is still red and burned from whatever Cas was doing, but he can see the edges of the burn recede as she stretches out. "Alastair thought I'd be a good one to break Dean in, when he first picked up that razor," she says, and pauses to spit blood out of her mouth. She grins at Sam. "All that pent-up anger. You know, it's funny, I think most of it was from me stealing that atrocious car of his. The obsession he has with that thing is unhealthy. Well,
too late?
"You're not gonna see anything from down here." Charlie hooks him by the elbow and drags him up the stairs, depositing him by one of the supports at the top. "Where'd you're plus-one go?"
food, Sammy," Dean clips back, shifting his hands and shoving another spoonful into his mouth. His eyes shift over Sam's shoulder, locked on nothing. He grins. Sam stares, and Dean swipes the coffee right out from under his nose.
"That's not the point, Dean."
The anger is familiar, comfortable, and Dean stews in it for a moment, lets it wash over his chest and down his arms, lets it feed the mark Cain passed on to him, watches it light up in the darkness. "What the hell does it matter, anyway? I gotta die sometime, and then it's right back in the saddle again. Ain't gonna mean shit for any good I do in the meantime, and let's be real, I never did much to begin with."
. She's covered in blood, but it isn't her own. Her wide eyes find Crowley and his companion, but she doesn't stop to chat. She's down the street as fast as her feet will take her. Crowley watches her go curiously. Interesting.
He looks genuinely perplexed. Dean kind of wants to smack him. "Seriously?" The squint returns. "You know what? Forget it."
Cas raises an eyebrow. "Your waffles are getting cold, Dean."
Dean does smile now, fingers curling around the cold grip of his .45 as he levels it at his head. "Party's just getting started, kid."
do that again," he orders.
just so he doesn't get caught up in his own head. It always starts with stress-cleaning; gleaming countertops and the bunker reeking of steamed laundry, followed by Dean clawing at the walls until Sam cracks and digs up a case eighteen hours away just to get Dean out before he burns the place down.
, this is like having one of those portable ceramic heaters on demand. "That is really unfair."
Sam doesn't correct her, because there's too much to tell and he doesn't think it will make a difference. "Either way, we can't babysit you and — "
," Bela interrupts. "You let your emotions guide your moral compass. Where has that ever gotten you besides one heartbreak after another? Do you even
Sam may have suffered Hell at the hands of Lucifer himself, but as Bela opens her mouth wide to start the chorus over again, he slaps his palms flat against the table — he thought
Castiel squints at him. "Yes, Sam, I am coming back. With food," he adds.
Dean leans back against the bar, body laid out in invitation. The hem of his shirt rides up just enough to expose the skin near his hips. He can see the man's fingers flex, hear the increase in his heart rate. "I won't tell if you don't."
"Holy housewarming party. You should've come, you would've had fun."
Dean throws a popcorn kernel at her as Castiel offers, "I could procure us more."
"I'm not the pet," Dean informs him, and cocks the weapon. It might not kill a witch, but it'll still hurt like hell.
"Oy!" Bela jumps back as he shoves away from the mirror, darting to the side when he whirls on her. "Dean, it's me!"
it's a single with a King. At least she didn't book him the goddamn Honeymoon suite.
and get
She pauses long enough to shoot another wary look at Dean, but she's lost her allure. He remembers that voice even if he does not remember the vessel. He remembers his
Dean, would want.
"Can you?" he asks. "Kill me?"
"So?" the first asks, and Dean should walk past and get on with breakfast, but his bare feet seem to be glued to the floor. "Can't hurt to find out, right?"
The dance floor is a sea of skin and glitter and sin. Dean loses himself in it, gets a little drunk on the scent of souls and whiskey and anticipation. There's so much
, Sam," Dean grouses, rolling his eyes and swatting Sam's hand away. He at least sounds more like himself, so Sam lets his hand drop. Dean closes his eyes and rubs at them with his palms, blinking hard before sucking down a breath. "Okay. I'm okay, seriously, quit looking at me like I just sold whatever's left of my soul for a sandwich."
in the background. Sam rolls his eyes — it's better than the Bon Jovi he was intentionally singing off-key earlier thereabout dose five.
"No." The word is out of Dean's mouth so fast that Sam's impressed, really, even if it snags on its way out. Dean clears his throat and tries again. "Uh. No, I don't."
Dean blinks, and it takes a second for him to realize what Cas is even talking about, and then....
his brother, Sam knows, misdirecting because Sam's caught on to something. Sam moves towards him, closer than he probably should. "What did Crowley tell you?"
"Yeah, me too," Sam says. He doesn't even want to think about what it'll do to Dean, once they fix him. His brother might put on a tough show, but Dean almost drank himself back to Hell the last time they thought Cas was gone for good. Sam shoves another forkful of food into his mouth and chews on autopilot; he isn't really hungry anymore, but his body needs the calories. "And thank you. For dinner, and for... everything."
Balthazar doesn't go easily — he's bigger, and knows it, and smirks a little when Castiel shoves at him until his arm falls back to his side. Castiel glares at him. "What if it was Inias?"
When Bela returns, Keung holds out a hand without looking away. She hands over the bottle before stepping back to stand beside Dean, arms folded over her chest.
"You're an idiot," Dean snaps, after a time. "Nothing is worth this."
"Let him sleep."
"Let me go," Dean repeats. "Take me to Heaven and I'll get you to Metatron. You don't have to
Castiel is considering slamming his head into a wall just to distract himself when the door mercifully bangs open.
There's a pause where Dean's heart skips a beat, then kicks up a faster rhythm. "Tell him he can shove it up his ass, too."
Dean's tired. It's been a long week. Hell, it's been a long
Dean shouldn't press, but it might be better to get it over with than to hold off only to be disappointed later. Or maybe he's just fucking things up again. Maybe he shouldn't piss off the angel holding up a car over his head. "And?"
"Keep it secret, keep it safe?" Gabriel suggests.
It's weird mostly because of the human/angel divide, like that Dean has to eat and Cas doesn't, but sometimes he indulges if Dean insists and otherwise is content to watch. Cas doesn't need to shower, either, but he follows Dean in because he likes the feeling of the hot water and, as he pointed out in no uncertain terms, enjoys watching Dean in there, too.
"Shut up," Dean instructs, and kisses him again.
Bela hasn't said a word since they got on the road, but keeps shooting furtive glances across the bench seat. Dean keeps his eyes on the road, counting the regular beat of the windscreen wipers cutting across the glass, wiping the blur of rain away.
, he's pretty sure he could have had it for a while now. Years, probably. And just thinking about that
He shrugs. "Does it matter?"
Dean attacks, but Castiel is ready for it. He came here under the assumption that Dean would remember him, and made no effort to hide what he is. Dean reacts the same way he did to Michael, force for force. He stabs Castiel in the chest.
"Are you going to drink that?"
Hell got worse the deeper one went. An immense canyon makes up the next level, divided into huge trenches full of thieves and pimps and false prophets. It's bleak here, and the bare rock creates a massive echo chamber for all the torment they contain. Dean follows Crowley's path along the precipice, splitting down the middle. Twelve demons perch on a cliff face above the lake of boiling pitch below, black and bubbling. They move together, a gaggle of black smoke and devil tails and bat-like wings.
Dean pulls the blade out from under his jacket with his other hand, uses it to smooth the flyaway strands of hair out of her face. "Where d'you think you're goin', sweetheart?"
"Uh-huh. Why do I have the feeling this little souvenir is key to your endgame world domination?"
No names are exchanged, and they don't question Bela's presence when she provides them with a keycard in the lobby, nor when she follows them into the elevator and into the room. It's certainly a step-up from the shitholes the brothers usually occupy, and Crowley makes himself comfortable in one of the plush chairs facing the king-sized bed. Bela takes the other, crossing her legs and arms.
"Hey, I told you not to hunt me." Dean shrugs, like that makes it okay. "You act like you're so much better. Whatever, man. Do I even need to mention Purgatory?" Wow, Dean's just milking it, isn't he? It wouldn't hurt so much if he wasn't fucking
" Jess claps a hand over her mouth immediately after, her exclamation so loud it's drawn some attention. "When?"
Her sulking isn't enough to ruin the mood; Blue-eyes has his hand between Dean's legs, matching the pace of his companion, who's found a much better use for Dean's mouth than spouting off obscenities.
"Yeah." Sam looks worried, but he always looks worried. And this time, Castiel knows, he isn't nearly as worried as he should be. "I've been keeping an eye out for signs, but it's been quiet. Whatever he's doing, he's not setting off any flags that I can see."
Dean closes his eyes and tips his head back. "You're trying to help yourself."
This time, Cas does let him go when he shoves the blade in as deep as possible, right up until it hits his femur. Dean has him in a chokehold before he can fall, and finds himself trapped in a circle of holy fire. As if he didn't see
. Okay. Wow. Sorry." She glances out on stage, where shadow-like figures are taking their places in the dark. "I mean, I dunno which step of the closet program you're on, but I want you to know it's cool. I mean, they're cool."
Cas' fingers twist along the steering wheel, eyes straight ahead.
logos, and glances from her to Sam. "Am I interrupting?"
When he sees Dean in the barn, Castiel learns Dean does not remember him. He must remember Hell, because Castiel can still see his vivisected soul beneath his skin, but he has no memory of who raised him.
Castiel sweeps the surroundings, but it's late enough that the parking lot is dark and quiet. He closes the door softly behind them, careful to step over the salt line drawn across the threshold. The grains are stark against the thin trail of blood leading from the door towards the bathroom.
"I wasn't coming in here to lecture you." He waits until Dean stops cracking his neck and meets his eyes. "We'll figure this out, Dean, but you just got back to normal." Sam sees Dean set his jaw, the tendon in his neck jumping under his skin. "It's gonna take some time."
The woman returns with their drinks and the man passes her a bill. Dean knows without looking it is many times more than he owes. "Keep the change."
"Even if you're right," she continues, glancing at the sky, "why would he help you? Why not just kill us?"
. Castiel knows it by heart.
Something loosens a couple of the screws holding his chest so tight, just enough that it tips Dean off balance.
"Isn't chocolate traditionally eaten as a solid?" Castiel keeps pace with Sam, letting Dean get a head start on the kitchen. "If you heat it, won't it melt?"
. Every time you didn't leave well enough alone, every time you didn't listen to me — didn't trust me — every time you
"Assuming I don't get you both killed," Dean mutters, and rolls his eyes at the look Sam gives him. "You're the one drawing parallels here, man. He killed his brother, and ended up killing her, too."
"Okay?" Dean repeats.
you?"
"You came back," Castiel says, a desperate plea to continue to hold this illusion in place.
, but Sam already knows that. "It's dangerous enough on a healthy person, and you may feel fine, but you're still healing. She is not worth — "
Sam hesitates, but Dean waits, because Sam isn't an idiot and it doesn't take him long to come to the same conclusion. There isn't really a choice; he lets Dean out, or Dean kills Cas and then kills him. Either way, Dean gets what he wants.
"She's been out the whole time," he says, tipping back a few more pages. "Still reacts to stimuli, so they haven't pulled the plug. And they — Jesus." He puts the chart down on the bed and grips the handholds at the end, hanging his head between his shoulders.
Dean wonders where she is, now. What she's up to. A wistful part of him wants to think she wised up and moved on, quit the life and aimed for something close to normal. The rational part of his brain knows that's a dream, that she's probably out hunting already, too caught up in the web of self-destructive crap that comes with the job.
The bar is no longer deserted. The place is loud and packed, but the only souls in the room are the woman behind the bar and some poor bastard trying to play himself at pool. The rest of the faces are twisted and dark. They fall silent and stare at him as he steps into the room. He surveys them quickly, and realizes that he recognizes them. Every single one. Not the vessels, but the shadowy smoke beneath, the twisted creatures their true forms take. He'd seen all of them, many more than once, over the longest forty years of his life.
Bela sags in the old chair, eyes rolling. "Dunno that either. Above my paygrade." She pauses to suck down a breath, and Sam wonders why she bothers. It's not like she needs to breathe. "I know that it's Essential Personnel Only down on level nine, and that he's got the imps breeding again to keep up with whatever's going on. And let me tell you, imps? Filthy goddamn beasts. Nobody wants more of them around unless they're really desperate for help too simple to ask questions and too stupid to gossip."
It all comes rushing out, all of it, how
Jody stares at him with a open mouth for half a beat before snapping out of it. "And what are
The second the needle pierces his heart, everything stops hurting. It's really not so bad.
makes Dean's fist flinch, itching to punch the smarmy English asshole right in his smarmy English face. "Word on the wire is that the Men of Letters took possession of it few decades ago. Raided some Nazi-necromancers storage, if my sources are to be believed — and the way I ask, they
He hears a snort on the other end of the line. "
Dean swallows on instinct, trying to catch his breath, and Cas pulls him up too quickly, leaving him light headed. He nearly loses his balance as Cas starts pulling at his clothes, dropping the soaking t-shirt on the ground with a wet
Jody's first to clear her plate and she hands it over to Castiel when offers to take it, and collects Dean's when he passes his over, before piling the dishes in the sink.
"I've lost count of how many times I've replaced her motor." Dean isn't sure where he's going with this, but Cas stays quiet, just listening. "The miles we drive, man, her engine wasn't made to just run forever, not like the big-rig diesels. The transmission holds up pretty well, but I go through timing belts like candy and don't get me started on the alternator. Point is, she needs all that to keep running, but the important stuff, the stuff that counts?" He runs a hand along the windowsill, down the front fender. "That doesn't ever change. She isn't just a frame or drivetrain or a set of wheels. She's a sum of the parts. She's home."
, Cas. I can make him talk. I can make him do whatever we want."
The first verse is quiet, so quiet that Dean can barely hear it over the piano, but seems on-point. It's just as impressive as the rest, but the guy isn't moving as much as he did in the video or the previous song, just standing there with his eyes closed and fingers darting along the neck of his violin, rosin dust diffusing the afternoon light shining in the windows. He gains a little more confidence in the second verse, catching the little fluctuations in
The serpent smirks, and Dean is left standing alone in the empty field.
He starts to move away from the box, and finds Dean's gun levelled at his head. It's the first time Dean's bothered to address him directly. "Where do you think you're going?"
"I do, but," Sam stops himself and sighs. "You're right. I just found you gone and panicked. You didn't even leave a note."
"You don't need a soul to learn to love," Castiel points out. "You may not forgive me for this, but I'm willing to live with that."
when Dean rolls over to get it. He shuts up quick when Dean grabs him by the hip and pulls him back, slots his dick between his cheeks and bites into his shoulder and then Cas is rocking against him, hand wrapped around his own cock, and Dean pulls Cas' leg over his hip and lines up.
"Try me," Sam says.
Castiel looks down at himself; under the trenchcoat, he's in a suit that is a size too large and has seen better days, but it's all he had on short notice. There's still snow melting on his shoulders, and his nose is numb. Otherwise unadorned, he could see how someone might mistake him for an underpaid city detective or possibly an insurance salesman. But he has his guitar case slung over his back, and violin in his left hand. "Um," he ventures. "No."
Fingers smooth through his hair, brushing across his temples, down his cheek and brush the corner of his bottom lip. "I'll be here when you get back," Cas says. Dean hears it through his skin, deep voice rumbling tectonic plates shifting beneath the surface.
When he looks back down at Death, the image of him is smiling. "Well?"
Castiel thinks if this had been a phone call, it would have been completed by now. He isn't entirely sure why he's entertaining this, but he can't see the harm in answering.
," Bela suggests as Jody takes off towards his room. "Hey,
A shadow shifts on his left, hidden in the slim gap between two buildings. He doesn't make the conscious decision to move, doesn't even experience the thought; there's a high-pitched yelp, a whine that cuts through him and suddenly warmth covers him to his elbows, thick and wet. The dog's body lies broken at his feet, the acrid odor of its insides poisoning the air.
Dean thinks about going to his room and catching another couple of hours, but he didn't have any nightmares this time, and doesn't want to ruin his day before it starts. He stands up gingerly, stretching, and winces as something in his back pops. He's got a laundry-list of shit to do around here, but it's too dark to work on the upstairs, too early to start up the laundry, and he's been putting off taking care of the car for too long, anyway.
, sure, but I... I don't have to worry about him this way, y'know? 'Cause he's right here." Dean pats his chest, then snorts at whatever Cas has to say about that. "Yeah, well, it beats you fucking off to wherever you fuck off to all the time."
Dean's eyes shift somewhere over Sam's shoulders, then down at his beer. "Thirsty."
"Mornin'," she chimes while he blinks down at her. "I was gonna start with the hallway, but your angel took care of the worst of it."
Dean would retort, but the restored blood flow has caused another problem; he's bleeding, and rather profusely. The dizziness is getting worse. "I don't suppose you have a trick for this?"
"So, what?" Dean snaps. "I just keep calm and carry on?"
"And for all we know, it's why I'm still alive." Well, it's true. Technically. "And if it's something else, and that something comes back — "
"I'm fine, Cas. It was just a dream."
"Dean!" It's Sam's voice, but Dean can't see him, can't look, doesn't want to open his eyes again. "Dean, it's okay. Hey," Dean flinches as a hand finds his shoulder again, gripping hard, "it's me. You're all right."
"REM sleep is what counts," Jody continues without losing a beat, mom-mode in full effect. "And a shower wouldn't hurt. You can't forget to take care of yourself if you want to help Dean. I'll keep your angel company, and — " she stops, eyes snapping to the doorway behind him, "Speak of the... well. You hungry?"
Sam glances at Bela and takes a breath. "I'll let you know when I figure it out."
He knows they've still got time; if Dean pulls away soon, before the slow, discovering kiss turns urgent and hands start wandering, they'll be okay. Dean won't be able to look Cas in the eye for a while and have enough to fill his spank bank for the rest of his
much of an asshole. I was trying to prepare you. I knew what was coming. I just convinced myself I didn't care."
"It gets too hot to run in the afternoon," Sam tells him, startled a little by the normalcy. "Did you sleep?"
"She can't have got far," Bela says. "Little bitch took your demon sticker, too. Do you want me to — "
Dean's eyes snap open. "I didn't mean — "
Castiel's phone buzzes in his pocket. He turns his back to the stage and fishes it out, using his body to block the light as he reads the little text notification on the lockscreen.
Dean pauses — he isn't moving, but Castiel can feel the demonic train of thought shift. It reminds him so vividly of Crowley it makes him ill. Dean tilts his head, still predatory, but considering. "No," he agrees, and there's the grin again. Castiel keeps his eyes on Dean's, and feels rather than sees a hand snake over his shoulder, feels a warm, sticky palm rest against the back of his neck. "You really don't."
thoroughly," he adds, side-eyeing Dean on his way past Sam out the door.
Dean yanks on the steering wheel hard, spinning the truck into a tight left-hand turn, back end fishtailing up the road before the rear tires find grip and catch up with the front. Bela curses, hands shooting out to hold herself against the passenger side as the truck peels into the parking lot and slides home in front a single-story line of rooms.
There's a flash and the ocean is bathed in bright light, turning the water neon. The earth shifts beneath his feet, shuddering long and deep, and the ocean continues to recede. Dean shields his eyes against the light. "I didn't," Dean starts, but that's as far as he's planned. Default set to denial, improvise the excuse. "I just, I wanted to get
it, knows he's inches from closing this deal. It's some sort of demonic instinct, because he knows exactly where to apply pressure, how much, for how long. Knows just how to nudge his way into Cas' mouth, taste the wet heat inside him, grace itching to strike out and light him up.
," she says, and she's still smiling, white teeth flashing in the darkness. "Still keeping an eye on me, huh? You know I'm old enough to vote now, yeah?"
Sam sits up with a start. "
"It might," Dean says before his brain catches it.
He can't see Dean anywhere.
happen. Spent the next two weeks playing musical cars at the Chevy dealership, sleeping in backseats."
Sam doesn't answer, just swirls the last of his whiskey around before downing it.
Castiel shudders as unwanted arousal curls around the base of his spine like a snake. "Considering the circumstances, I didn't think you'd mind."
He can feel Bela's eyes on him, lurking somewhere out of sight. She followed him when he migrated to the inner city hoping for some variety — the music is different and the drinks are cheaper and the average skin tone is darker, but beyond that it's just more of the same. Packs of girls dressed in cutoff jeans and bikini tops, looking for some poor asshole to cover their tab. Lonely men looking to obligate them into sex. A vicious circle of unreturned phone calls and venereal disease.
"I don't understand what is so amusing," Cas says, that sharp edge to his voice that Sam has learned to associate with annoyance. "You said you needed these."
And, okay, that's fair. "You can be a real asshole sometimes," Dean says, grabbing the wrist closest to him and pulling Cas up to meet him. Cas is opening his mouth to dispute that or make a really bad joke, but Dean doesn’t give him the chance. He leans forward and catches whatever Cas is about to say with his mouth, because if there's one thing Dean's good at, it's getting the last word.
"Really not in the mood for your shit," Sam grumbles, but pulls up short when he sees her expression. "What?"
"Because when I'm bored I sing annoying American pop music." She gives him a wicked smile, eyes crawling over his body from feet to chest. "I mean, there're
Jody wasn't happy to be stashed on the other side of the bunker with a mouthy Bela, but Sam didn't have time to explain ("
"Oh, right," Crowley jeers. "Because that went
Castiel has never been to Hell. It is as layered as Heaven, almost infinite in its folds. The atmosphere is made of pain and regret and sinful delight. Demonkind scatter as they break through, screaming in fear and fury, but their shrieks hold nothing to those of the damned, lost souls begging for rescue or simply oblivion. Castiel and his brethren ignore them and move on.
"I don't need bail money, and I'm pretty sure he was joking," Castiel deadpans. "I'm fine. Sorry. Something just came up. Are you free Friday night?"
the anticipation rippling in from the crowd from anywhere in the stadium— but whatever's distracted Gabriel is important enough that he hasn't found his way back yet. Castiel checks his phone, just to be sure he didn't miss a text, but the notification light isn't lit up.
The douchebag with a death wish is in his face, shouting shit in Spanish, and Dean's focus flips like a switch. For the first time in days, he feels the familiar rush of heat just under his skin that sends him soaring. He watches the man shout nonsense in slow motion, counts his heart beats and times the expansion of his diaphragm, so when Dean steps into his space and throws the punch in the same movement, three knuckles connect solidly with the man's solar plexus on the inhale. Human, the punch would've stunned him — Dean can feel the ribs crack against his fist, punch inward and pierce the soft flesh they used to protect.
"You think Abaddon would've done a better job?" Crowley shakes his head. "I feel like I'm running a daycare instead of running Hades. It's unprofessional, is what it is." He smiles, though, as a harpy flashes by overhead, a soul screaming between its talons. Dean watches as it drops the soul into the next pit before plucking another, gliding off to the next crevice, and Dean resists the urge to scratch at the mark on his arm. "Come on, then," Crowley says, snapping him out of it. "I haven't all day."
. Or maybe it is, and Dean's just using two different definitions for the same word, but he's not a goddamn dictionary. "I'll take the good when and where I can get it."
Five gunshots ring out, loud
With that, Crowley left him in the bathroom to contemplate this new twist.
Krissy grabs a fistfull of the salt, spins around and throws it directly in Dean's face.
Jody yawns in answer, taking heavy steps towards the kitchen. "You said something about food?"
. "Uhh, sure. I mean, whatever ruffles your feathers, man."
again."
Dean rallied against the blinding white light and whirlwind of golden wings as hard as he'd fought Alastair. He found his calling, here in the Pit — to hurt and kill without remorse or restraint, to strip away every ounce of guilt by carving it out of the souls tethered to the racks, and endless supply of victims for every ounce of pent up rage and frustration. It felt good. It felt
Before Sam can answer that, his phone rings. He glares at them both in turn while he digs it out of his pocket because this conversation is
Bela's eyes slide black at the word
"Dean's distracted, so use it," Sam says, squaring his shoulders. He squints against the light, and hands Castiel the demon knife and the  cuffs he brought along, inscribed with runes. "Let me worry about Gabriel."
"Okay, whatever," Dean says "Your five minutes are up."
He shuts up abruptly as Dean takes him by the hip and pulls him in. He tastes like flour and coffee, which is an
Dean bares his teeth and slaps his hand over it, skin turning white where his fingertips dig in. "Just fucking go, Sam."
Castiel experiences something unfamiliar as he begins to understand; shock, he thinks, is what the emotional is called.
Crowley raises his hands and backs off, eyes like hellfire. The hounds outside snarl and yip at the window.
"This isn't up for discussion," Dean says, and though he sounds calm, Castiel can perceive the desperate rage beneath the surface. "If you don't want to help me, I'll drive."
) and let him go, because what else could he do? Sam had no obligation to stick around, and after everything, Dean really couldn't blame him. He did anyway, occasionally, but he's over it and it's not his fault Gordon was a fucking psychopath, is it? And Jo did great until she got sick (
Something heavy slams against the door, dark shadow breaking the light in the gap over the floor, and snarls.
sure Dean needs to hear it. "Being a demon isn't a bonus, Dean. Being
Then again, Sam thought he was himself when his soul was still playing bitch to Lucifer and Michael.
Cas doesn't answer him, keeps his eyes on Dean. "Come back, Dean. Sam wants you back.
"Yeah, 'bout that," Dean glances at Castiel, and there's that damn
The shaking increases, rattling the windows of the buildings. She sits up a little straighter, and starts to roll up her window before it shatters, safety glass spraying inward, getting between her legs and down her shirt, lodging in her bra. She drops her cigarette in surprise, then curses when it starts to burn in her lap.
Sam frowns at his phone. Krissy needs to sleep at some point, and he can't risk dozing off until she halts for the night. He might trust Cas to drive, but not enough to navigate at the same time. He's seen enough of the billboards with the ambulances on them, the ominous
"You done? 'Cuz I got more important shit to do than listen to you. Like finish my nap."
The sound of his own voice is disconcerting; it sounds strange, somehow, catching on the vowels, sentences splintering off before he finishes them. He knocks back the scotch and it goes down smooth and hot, like a shot of grace. "Thing is, I don't know if I want you to hear me. You tell me this," he gestures at himself despite being alone, "that this is some kind of poison, and I gotta tell you, man, you're wrong. This isn't a disease, it's the
The dread slips neatly into the slot left empty by the fading afterglow.
Castiel opens his mouth and then hesitates, but even with his eyes closed, Dean hears the pause. "What?"
Dean slides his hand around the back of Cas' neck and pulls him in, fingers twisting in the hair at the back of his neck. Cas' stubble bites into cheek and his chin, and when Cas finally,
family that started this! You want someone to blame? Where the
"I dunno,
, asshat. This is about you
selfish. Not like you, Cas. Worried you'd slice your own throat rather than take responsibility for what you did to Heaven."
Merry Christmas: The Reaper Splits From SPN @EW
. That guy you want back so bad?
Benny turns on the heater when Dean lights up, blowing smoke out of the open window. "I dunno, man. This guy, he's — " Dean isn't sure, exactly. It's hard to read this Castiel character, and whatever impressions Dean does have are impossible to put into words. "He's probably the best we can do on short notice. It's not like we haven't already seen most of what's out there."
innocent, of course, but who is anymore? Even the children; you wouldn't believe what satisfies a PG rating these days."
"Grab me a case while you're out," Ash calls after them. "And some of those little cherries, too!"
"Mi casa, su casa," Dean mumbles distractedly into his neck. "We can at least break in that bed."
Jody's voice drags him back into the moment, and Sam chews a little more before answering. "Sometimes. The lower his batteries run, the more human he gets," Sam looks up, and realizes he never actually got around to explaining Castiel's situation. "He's... dying," he admits, and go figure, saying the words are when they land home. The food loses it flavor, but Sam swallows it down anyway. "If he wants food, he knows where to get it."
The smile fades a little as he climbs into the Impala and feels the phone in his pocket vibrate. "Keep your goddamn shirt on, Sam," he answers. "We're just heading out."
"The hell I'm not! He — "
"I want," Dean interrupts. He closes his eyes for an instant, then mentally kicks himself for being a coward. Cas is still waiting patiently when he looks again, unblinking, and temptingly close. "But what I want and what's a good idea generally don't get along." He scrubs a hand over his face, hand lingering over his mouth for a moment. "Fuck, Cas. I
Then there's Moose and that pesky, wayward angel that follows them everywhere, and with every day that Dean stays in one place they're inevitably getting closer. Dean's more likely to kill them than be taken alive, but Crowley hasn't survived this long by underestimating the Winchesters. Not least of all Castiel, who seems to have more lives than a bloody cat, so he'd rather not take any chances. It's not like he's indulging this new version of Dean for fun.
Dean's on the couch in the den, curled up in front of the TV. His hair is shiny, still damp, and his face looks pale and washed-out in the dim light of the screen. One of those medical dramas is droning on low volume, but Dean's eyes are unfocused, not really watching.
"God left because he was a
"So what do you say, Winchester?" Bela prompts. The Miami skyline glitters behind her in invitation. "Ready to have some fun?"
Dean double parks outside the liquor store. It's a side-street, so the chances of a ticket a slim. That and half of the city streets are perpetually double-parked. There seems to be an honor system among the meter police and the populace that as long as you get gone before a tow-truck could reasonably show up and actually tow you, they'll leave it be.
"Ex-angel!" Dean yells after him, not even bothering to correct the other bit. He immediately feels guilty when he looks at Cas, who seems unbothered but is still patiently awaiting an answer to his question. With Sam fled, Dean has no other distraction to delay the inevitable, so he sets about it the same way he sets to taking off a bandaid in a sensitive area — looking for any alternative before just ripping it off.
Dean gives the guy a wink and cheery wave as the vamps come to collect him, and closes the door on his screams.
"And?" Because Castiel won't stop him, but Dean already knows that.
— the only thing that changed was the reason. At first, because he genuinely missed John. Sometime between the ages of four and twelve it became less about John coming back safe and more about keeping Dean from pacing a rut into the cheap motel carpet waiting for him to return.
No warning, no excuses, not so much as a goddamn goodbye. Just a blast of white light, wings cauterized to glass in the sand, and Dean on his knees.
No, no,
"If you're breaching contract, we can cover that," Dean says, because apparently it doesn't matter how much that'll cost. Castiel doesn't mention the mile-long list of people that will gladly take his place, slipping into his seat and occupying his space like he never existed at all. Dean's almost finished the platter already and Castiel is thankful for that, at least, so he'll stop sucking on his fingers. "Same with your lease, if you can't get someone to take it over, but it's New York, so." So, yeah, not really a problem. "We don't really settle, not before going on tour. There's a place we practice and basically live at because it's easier than renting a studio, but you should get used to the idea of living out of one bag and jumping timezones."
"Thank the thrice-God-damned Devil," Bela says when she sees him. "The hounds were too busy chasing your brother to notice little old me. Hurry up and get me out of here."
here, so much raw desire it almost —
combination in case anyone was wondering.
"Sonofabitch," Dean mutters, and snaps his hips again. Cas cries out this time, teeters forward but Dean still has his hand, holds him up even as he reaches for Cas' cock, strokes him in time with the rocking of his hips. "Fuck, baby, just like that — you're so fucking good, Cas,
Cas doesn't open his eyes as Dean squats in front of him, head leaning back against the wall. Dean might think he was already dead, if not for the lack of burned wings; one is crushed beneath him, the other bent at an awkward angle between his body and the corner. His chest rises and falls with shallow breaths, and his eyelids flutter when Dean speaks, the only tell he's still in there.
Ash retrieves a wrinkled sheet off the floor and ties it around himself like a toga before leading Castiel into adjacent the kitchen. He opens the fridge and sighs. "I'd offer you a beer, but," he says, but waves at the empty bottles around the kitchen in explanation. He opens the freezer and makes a noise of triumph. "But we have vodka!"
Sam closes his eyes. "This isn't happiness, Dean. It's a high. That's all it is."
"That sort of bravado only suited you when you were one of us. We should be dealing with it
"We probably have another hour or two before Sam and Jody wake up," he points out. "Would you like to get some coffee?"
"Not at first." Cas actually has the decency to look ashamed. "I'm not saying I made the right decision. But you can be so..." whatever Dean can be, Cas can't seem to put a finger on it, and he just exhales, breath pouring out in a rush.
Dean blinks, and his eyes are human again. He's still looking at Bela like she's a curiosity rather than a target. So far, so good. He may be homicidal, but with
Dean rolls out from under the engine and accepts the hand Cas offers, allowing himself be hauled up. "All right, we'll let the engine warm up, and she should be good to go." He closes the hood and dusts off his hands. He looks the truck over and shrugs. Could be worse; Cas could've picked something with more plastic than steel and less than six cylinders. "That bed'll come in handy for hauling bodies, anyway. With a lift and a fresh coat of paint, she'll look pretty good."
"You should keep these out more often," Dean decides, and gets a little distracted tracing feathers, running his fingers through them, mapping out the patterns and where they overlap. He's so distracted by them he doesn't notice Cas' hand has snaked behind him until there's a hand on his hip, gripping tight, and Cas pulls him forward until Dean's dick slots between his cheeks.
that counts," Dean interrupts. "I don't have to play by Heaven's rules and, frankly, neither do you. Not anymore, not unless you want to. Yeah, you possessed me, and yeah, technically, I didn't say the magic word, so if you want to beat yourself up for that, I can't stop you. But you shouldn't," he adds, when Cas closes his eyes. "You made the right call, Cas. If I had been in your shoes, if it had been you or Sammy, I would've done the same thing. Hell, I
"I need you with me on this, man." Sam doesn't like to beg, but it's for Dean and this is Cas, and Cas is as much a brother as Dean is, these days. Has been for a long time, despite the fact that neither of them can get their shit together. "We thought we lost you to power, once, and — "
"Urge itself to — " and Dean stops, clamps his mouth shut because no, they're not going to have this conversation, not now and not
He's anticipating the embrace and wonders if he's trying too hard, but if Sam notices anything, he doesn't show it. "The hell, man," Sam says into his shoulder. Dean smirks briefly at the irony. "We can't keep doing this. I was losing my damn mind."
"I don't see why it matters what sort of lube you use," Cas mutters, putting the
Dean can see the flash of red smoke curling, seductive, under skin. "I just need you to run an errand."
Dean just laughs. "Who are you trying to convince?"
"About that — " Sam starts.
"But it doesn't start — "
, he has huge fucking hands. Dean's really looking forward to them curling around other bits of him, too, but one thing at a time.
Sam slips quietly inside and walks right into a hurricane.
"Cassie, darling, it's quite simple; either man up and bend over, or," Balthazar says, callous as always, "and I know this isn't really your style — take a risk. Perhaps then you can afford your own Stradivarius."
Cas does look at him then, and Dean wonders just how far those eyes can see.
"All right," Sam says, because he's got an archangel to interrogate and a damn big favor to ask. All Sam wants to do is take a nap, but it won't be long before Crowley comes for Dean. He stops Cas with a hand to his elbow before he opens the door, and says, "And when you need one, you come find me, all right?"
What Dean can't remember is
"Car accident," Castiel suggests gently. "A hunt gone bad."
darkness. The pressure is intense — so overbearing it's painful, even to this dead vessel. The gravity he took for granted is gone; he's encased in a pitch-black, briny liquid. He flails experimentally. He might as well be trying to move while encased in concrete.
"Well, I
"Jo was good."
at Sam and Sam just laughs. "Well, I guess we finally found something you like."
In the cosmic hush of the universe holding its breath, Castiel hears a distant howl. The lights flicker, spitting in their sockets. Castiel tightens his grip and Dean says, voice as dark as the dungeon, "You really should've taken the deal, Cas."
The door is locked. Dean lets his head
"We can't worry about them. Not now," Cas says, sighing. "There won't be anything left for them to burn if we don't take care of Dean."
Dean pulls the phone black to glance at the time and winces. "Sorry. Got a late start."
"Just listen, alright?" Dean holds his right forearm in his left hand, lets his thumb brush over Cain's mark. "It'd be easier to kill you. Because honestly? I'd be better off. Funny thing about being a demon, you get a more objective view of your life." He looks back at Castiel, and all Castiel sees in his eyes are pain. "Hell, the world would be better off without
She snarls at the smirk he casts at her, but Sam ignores her. Cas makes sure her bonds are tight before following him out into the hall, and Sam locks the door behind them.
So Castiel does, closing the heavy iron door on Dean's laughter.
The angel flexes his shoulders, and the wings vanish. "Our time together ended the moment Metatron thrust his blade through your heart."
"Something extraordinary." Crowley steps aside to make room for him to pass, and smirks when Dean stumbles, but catches him by the arm. "Though remarkably uncomfortable, I imagine. It'd help if you'd sit still for two bloody seconds." He doubles his grip on Dean's arm, then moves his palm to Dean's forehead before Dean can argue or try to pull away. "And no wonder. There's a reason our kind prefer a living vessel."
, he'd forgotten how good that feels — and plays a game of keep away with his tongue until Cas makes another noise, and this time it sounds more like a growl. And, hell, if that isn't the sexiest goddamn noise Dean's heard in
to die, why don't we just let go of the wheel? Lay down on the accelerator and just," Dean makes a little whistling sound, and mimes and explosion with his hands, "let it happen."
"Yeah, I got that," Dean says, then winces because he's just being a jerk to to deflect from the fact that he still hasn't moved, probably because he's little bit terrified and a massive amount of turned on out of his mind. "And good, that's... trust is a good start." Dean teeters for a moment between excitement and terror, then sits up again and looks at Cas properly. "You're sure about," he waves his hand between them, "like, if you have any doubts or questions, now's the time, man."
Castiel hunches his shoulders, wings invisible and heavy along his back. "I'm fine."
"Well, if you have another idea — "
Hannah sees it, but holds her ground. Well, okay then.
"Dean, it's
Dean has Castiel trapped between his body and the counter, slipping a thigh between his legs. Castiel bites down on his lip and pushes back, hands creeping up under the back of his shirt, fingers dragging heavy across his skin. Dean has to know he can't hold him but he tries anyway, grinding down until Castiel comes up for air, panting heavily against his neck, and makes an involuntary noise that has Dean biting down hard on his shoulder.
"Okay, dude, seriously,
Killing him was long overdue. Dean always intended to keep his promise, but one thing always led to another and Walt had wisely kept his distance. His mistake. He should have let Dean kill him years ago, when it would have been a quick shot to the head.
. I'm in this for you, you asshole. I don't care what happens to your brother, and to be honest? I don't know why I give a damn what happens to you, either. You're important, but not
Like, it may have been in a fantasy or five, but that's not the point.
"You're no fun anymore." Gabriel disappears down the hall and leaves the door open.
"The one with a
"Don't recognize her?" This is good. If Dean was intent on killing him, he would've come out swinging. "She was your first project, back in the pit."
"It's not cheating," Cas says. "Technically, you have the more powerful engine. Just because your car lacks the ability to go into four-wheel-drive — "
too early for this shit. "Benny's got an amp in his room you can use, whenever Charlie drags him out of his misery." He straightens up and Castiel's eyes snap back to his face; if Dean notices, he doesn't show it. "Unless that's an acoustic?"
Castiel knocks on the door one more time. Third time's the charm, and all that — or better be, anyway, because he feels like a idiot standing in this obnoxious hotel hallway in the middle of the afternoon on a Wednesday, with the old, ruffled bodyman next to the door giving him dirty looks. He's about to turn around and leave when there's the tell-tale jingle of someone messing with the lock on the other side, so Castiel waits.
coming.
Dean eyes him like he's a trap, but follows when Sam leads him out of the room towards the garage. He keeps a few feet of distance, like he's scared to get too close, but Sam doesn't push it.
He glances at himself in the mirror. He's... well, a bloody mess. Literally. He strips off the jacket and the two shirts underneath. Something small and heavy lands against his chest as he flings the rags away, right against where the hole in his chest had been. He fingers it curiously — his old pendant. Sam must have saved it from the trash, what, five years ago? Typical sentimental Sam.
Bela continues to grimace, chest heaving with the effort of holding in the scream begging to be let free. "I need to sleep, but he doesn't," Sam reminds her. "So you can either make this easy on yourself, or Cas can keep you company until I've had myself a nap."
"I should stick this blade so far up your ass you choke on it."
He closes the trunk just as he feels the rush of wind behind him. Arms that are stronger than they should be wrap around his shoulders. The heat against his back burns like bleach against bare skin.
. The demon may have fought but the vessel welcomed him in, let his energy rejoin that which had rebuilt it, seep in and fill up the cracks until it was whole.
isn't really appropriate, and settles for one of Dean's, " — zap around again?"
Dean hangs up before Sam can add any afterthoughts, and tosses the phone onto the seat beside him. He reaches for the radio before he remembers he still hasn't fixed that yet, and watches the highway stretch out before them towards the horizon. Even with dad gone and Sam off wherever, between the Impala and the rock 'n roll, Dean's never felt so damn lonely in the car.
Cas stops so abruptly that when he exhales, Dean's breathing his air. "I'm sorry, Dean. I can't do that."
," he makes a sound like an aborted laugh, a huff of a breath that comes up short. "You all think you know the answers. God may have left, but he can still come back. I believe that. I
It would take a while to catalogue all the tattoos but Castiel tries because it's that or stare at his hips. Dean has a mostly-full sleeve depicting what looks like demons engulfed in the fires of Hell all the way up his left arm, still bare and unfinished at the shoulder, and the flaming pentagram over his heart the Winchester brothers made infamous. A latin phrase Castiel doesn't recognize is written in huge letters up his left side, and a weird antelope bust over the back of his right hand, long horns twisting up his forearm. And last but not least, a revolver on his right hip, life-size, its long thin barrel pointed straight at his —
"Yeah, 'cause
"Why don't you go fuck yourself," she spits back at him, and Dean grins. "I don't want your little dick, anyway. Fucking asshole."
"Sort of the point, isn't it?"
viii.
Castiel lets out a breath he wasn't aware he was holding. It does nothing to loosen the knot in his chest. Sam is still sitting splayed on the ground, staring at Gabriel's back with wide eyes. "You!"
Cas lets out a breath Dean suspects he's been holding since Sam closed the door. "I wasn't being facetious about the gag."
Castiel waits, keeps his hand fitted to the mark on the vessel's shoulder, the manifestation of the brand Castiel’s grace left on this soul when he pulled it from perdition. Eventually, the soul settles, torn and aching but no less bright, merges back into its physical form as if it had never left.
Castiel has been watching Dean Winchester so intently he has forgotten how trusting humanity is, overall.
Dean doesn't know what he means and finally tries to fight the force holding him to the wall. But he's so cold, so drained, and still slightly sick — whereas Crowley is hotter than the sun, and the King smirks as he gives up. Dean tries to think, and finds it's difficult. He's been acting mostly on autopilot, doing things without processing what or why. He knows what breathing is, he's not an idiot, but Crowley is right — his vessel's diaphragm is motionless, and so is its heart.
"Oh, no you don't," Kevin snaps, and Jesus, they'll gang up on Dean if he isn't careful, and he's not sure he'd survive that. "I already have to switch five amps four fucking times and hope nothing goes wrong! In the middle of a fucking show!"
"And you," she says, turning from Sam and wheeling on Castiel. He hasn't unglued his eyes from the laptop Sam set up to track the GPS in the Impala, but graces her with a glance when she stops in front of him. "You're an honest-to-God angel?"
"You know why," Cas says. "I love you."
"Nothing as in
"Kevin found it," Dean says, when he sees Castiel looking. "According to the archives, the Men of Letters kept the help up here. Couldn't have the maids bunking with the guys downstairs, I guess." He yanks on a particularly stubborn strip of ivy, pulling it off the wall along with the molding. "Been meaning to clean it up for a while now, just never had the time."
Sam closes his eyes and prays for patience, and wonders if there's anyone even listening. "So, what, you thought you'd turn it around this time? Take the mark, get yourself killed, and hate me for trying to fix you?"
He can see her image juxtaposed beneath him, the woman beneath the vessel, the image of herself her soul projected until Dean carved it away, piece by bloody piece. He remembers how the cursing and the promises turned to begging, anything and everything if he'd stop.
He pulls up short at the scene of Sam and Cas at the counter, covered in flour and wrestling with a waffle iron.
This time, it's Castiel who has to look away. "You are."
"Why do you always have to be such a dick?" Krissy yells up at him. She's laughing as she says it, and looks back down at Dean. Her smile falters, perhaps because Dean's sort of forgotten to play along, to nod his head or smile back or say a single word. "Hey, you alright?"
It slips back into its vessel with a whisper, and clings to Castiel when he starts to pull away.
"You've got about three seconds to get specific — "
"Open it," he says again.
"Oh, let the angel have a go," Bela sneers, raising her chin as she looks Castiel over. "Devil knows I could use a laugh."
"Don't," Castiel interrupts, catching Gabriel's wirst as he moves to pull out his phone and do just that. "Don't oversimplify this. It's not just quitting my job, I'd be," Castiel pauses, pinching the bridge of his nose. He's been dealing with the domino effect of what he's considering like a responsible adult by quietly refusing to think about it. "I'd have to sell my apartment."
Fortunately, they are not beyond his.
Dean rubs the sleep from his eyes and rolls to his feet, and pads down the quiet hallway, cold stone biting at the soles of his feet.
Cas stops pacing and for a hot second Dean thinks it's because Cas is about to start another tangent about something else and completely glaze over the — "I haven't watched any homosexual pornography," Cas says, looking contemplative. "Perhaps I need to do more research."
image, he created you in his children's.
"Okay?" Dean asks, leaning down to press a kiss against the inside of Cas' knee. Cas exhales, opens his eyes, and Dean can barely see the blue anymore. He pushes in a little further, slow and easy, and tightens his grip around Cas' cock, gives him a couple of strokes and feels Cas relax a little. "There you go, just — yeah, relax, there you go.."
"Yep."
"What's Crowley after?"
"Dean — "
Jess has his phone out and is filming the whole thing. When she catches him looking, Sam suffers a Freudian moment when she mouths, "Awesome, right?"
Castiel shrugs. "You break it, you buy it."
"Enjoyin' yourself?"
"If one more person asks me if I'm fine, I swear — "
"It's
Sam's crawling towards the knife, snatching it up as Dean catches the movement. Dean grabs him by the ankle and drags him back, dropping a knee down on on Sam's arm. He leans low over his brother and brings the blade over his chest, point down, and Castiel is helpless except to watch as Sam tries to block the blow one-handed.
makes Sam's blood run cold. "Look, we know how to fix him, okay? We just need to lock him down. We know him better than anyone, we can find him. He won't give in to Crowley that easy — we've worked for him before, and Dean hated every second of it. If he still remembers — "
"Yes." Restored grace or not, Castiel feels distinctly light-headed. "Three weeks. I promise. But — "
"Good," Dean echoes, moving towards the hall. "I'm pretty beat, so I'm gonna hit the hay."
Charlie grabs Castiel by the wrist and half-drags him down the hall on the right, throwing open the door the master bedroom without bothering to knock, proclaiming at the top of her voice, "You know, it's really rude to set appointments and not bother to set an
my way through all the shit, man. I just," Dean takes a deep, shuddering breath too fast, and it catches in his throat. He rubs at the mark on his arm distractedly. "I don't even know where to start."
They go back to the reports and dig a little deeper. Turns out the woman who died was the kid's nanny, not the mother. They find out the mother, a single parent, hasn't shown up for work in the two months since the accident, and none of her family or friends have been able to get a hold of her. Her car is still parked in the driveway, but the house is dark, and they find her barricaded in the basement. The door is locked tight with spellwork, and when Cas blows it open, Sam beats Dean to the stairs and gets himself thrown up against a wall.
"No."
The woman's eyes shift over his right shoulder. "You got it, sugar," she says. With one last questioning look at Dean, she throws a tattered towel over her shoulder and turns away.
"There ain't nothing else on this time of night."
Cas just watches him and Dean should move, because if they wanna go anywhere he needs to start up Baby and let her warm up, too. Then again, they can just take the truck and come back for her in the morning. Locked up tight in here, she's less likely to have her rims stolen, and it's already nice and toasty in the truck.
"Riding their own skin?" Yeah, Dean supposes, it has its benefits. Mainly being immune to exorcism. This really isn't a downside, considering the perk. "You done down there?"
Dean braces both hands on the sink and stares at the drain for a long moment.
Dean ends the call and stares at the phone for a moment. When he looks up at Castiel, he seems to make a decision, and turns the First Blade around in his hand, offering it to Castiel, handle-first.
Cas leans back against him and Dean curses himself for not bothering to undress so he can feel that slick skin against his chest, the tight way Cas' muscles shift under his skin when he moves, the soft glide of feathers against his chest. Dean catches an earlobe with his teeth and bites down while his fingers curl around the heat between Cas' legs, gently coaxing, asking for permission.
"Uh-huh," Dean says. He jerks his head at the passenger door. "Humor me."
," Dean says, drumming his fingers along the bartop. The bartender shoots them a strange look, but Dean's slurring enough to explain away any questions. "Will you shut up? That's not what I — I know you're — yeah, well. Good." He downs the rest of his beer, wiping his mouth with the back of his hand. "About goddamn time."
"Wow," he says around a smile, still laughing. "You got a real funny way of showing it, you know that?"
"You don't need to apologize, man. It's not like I minded, it was just. Surprising," Sam admits. "I mean, that makes sense, it probably takes a lot to uh, tuck 'em into another dimension or whatever." He flicks another candy wrapper at the trash. This time it goes in. "So does that mean you can — " he waves his hand while he flounders for the right word, because
The coaster rolls until it hits Sam's hand and flops over. The Hoosier logo lands face-up, faded by bottle rings. "I'm
It's not like they haven't ever done this before. Dean isn't so buried in denial to pretend the first time — or the second — doesn't count. And it's exactly what he remembers, how Cas opens up slowly, soft lips and timidly curious tongue, blindingly hot and frustratingly gentle.
the hot mess your brother was?" Sam stiffens and she must catch it, from the way her grin grows. "That bloke had more issues than Cosmo. Hell set him free; you should've seen him, Sam. He was," her voice grows hushed, "eminent."
"Right, Michael," Jody says, nodding. "The...archangel."
"Cas, get in here and close the damn door."
He turns on his heel and cuts the air with a short, sharp whistle, hears the hound growl and the heavy pad of its steps as it follows.
"No, you can be a conniving little snake and pain in my ass, but you’re never nice."
This time it's a question.
And then Dean's gone, trotting out into the dazzling lights and sliding in front of the mic stand without a backwards glance.
By the time they pull up to the motel, Dean's stomach is growling. He can't even remember the last time he was looking forward to food; it feels like
replied:
"God-fucking-
Sam's stepping off the elevator on the 52nd floor when his phone buzzes in his pocket. Ninety percent of the firm is here tonight for the stupid Christmas party — Jess wanted to go, because it's Christmas and there's an open bar — and when she showed him the dress she intended to wear, he stopped arguing.
is what he wanted."
unhealthy. He doesn't seem to give a toss about it so much, these days."
. In Sioux fucking Falls, so basically just an overpriced Motel 6 with pillowtop mattresses and separate "smoking" and "non-smoking" rooms — sorry,
Dean attacks with sharp, hard cuts of his teeth and Castiel answers with soft, gentle sweeps of his tongue. He closes his eyes to the world and God's will, and exhales.
"More like the highlights," Crowley says, and leads on.
"Yeah," Dean says, distracted, but looks up when Cas places a hand on his shoulder. "Coffee sounds good."
would be more welcome in Heaven than me."
"You'd look great in a dress, darling."
The man slips into the seat beside him. Dean sees a flicker of a human face before it shifts — a sly smile, snake-like, under turbulent red eyes. His voice is soft and deliberate, like the gentle breeze of promise preluding a hurricane. The very air around him is heavy; Dean inhales deeply and closes his eyes. He smells like
. "Yes."
"Sorry," Dean says, letting his chin rub across Cas' chest. He hasn't shaved since they left Kansas, and he he grins when Cas' eyes drop closed for a second. "What was that?"
Dean speaks without thinking. "
She raises her eyebrows, glances at his dick before looking back up and grinning. "Unless you'd like me to bob your knob while I'm down here."
"That woman is a
. Charlie wasn't any easier on him when she showed him the ropes.
"I don't know. Maybe it doesn't." Dean does look up at him then, eyes far too human. "But I still want you to answer the question."
"I'll let you know when I figure it out," Sam lies, and he's going to have to tell her eventually, but not while dodging rush hour traffic. "You got an address for me?"
He finds Dean in what counts as their den, though it's just another cramped closet of a room Dean's furnished with a coffee table, a recycled couch, and a huge flat screen that he scored from Best Buy using stolen credit cards. There's a movie on the screen, some old western that Dean's likely seen a hundred times before, turned down so low that it may as well be muted. A full beer sits forgotten on the table. Dean’s sunk so low on the couch that Sam can barely see the back of his head.
— and Castiel sees it shift beneath his skin, smoke vanishing under warm freckled skin beading with perspiration. His eyes are clear when he looks at Castiel again, still crinkling at the corners. Something inside Castiel's chest tugs hard.
Dean raises an eyebrow. "You made
The calendar says today is Thursday. His day. The arbitrary date and time are immaterial, but the name of the day itself holds some meaning. His old garrison is waiting for him when he arrives, weapons and wings sharp. The prophecy is unfolding, and many of them are about to die. They are glad to. It's their ultimate purpose, to serve at God's pleasure. They know nothing else.
"Then where..." Sam doesn't finish.
you this shit anymore, Cas. Fuck."
By the time Dean pulls off the highway exit for Little Rock, the itch on his arm is unbearable. The blade's just in the trunk, but for all it matters it may as well be back at the bottom of the Pacific. Bela tried to carry a conversation for a while, but shut up when they crossed over from Missouri when Dean asked her, in no uncertain terms, if she'd like to spend the rest of the trip chained to the rear bumper.
. "I thought a lot about what you said, and about what I am looking for." He fixes Dean with a look of determined sincerity that wipes the half-smile right off Dean's face. "You are important to me, the
and hoping it's only the one time and then he'll be free to just play and play until he's blocked it out.
"Shut up," Jody says. She steps into the room, but only just. It's been a hell of a long day and if Sam's right, the next isn't going to be much better. She hasn't had a wink since the day before and it's starting to show. "And keep it shut, alright? Don't think I won't gag you."
Sam sinks down onto the end of the bed, elbows balanced on his knees. "What if — " He glances up at Castiel. "That time you had to get me and Dean back from 1861. After the phoenix?"
Gabriel swore up, down, and sideways he wasn't going to ask for a masseuse or anything worse, that he only wanted a beer. Castiel watched him disappear into the gaggle of staffers with a growing sense of trepidation; the amount of trouble Gabriel can get up to unsupervised can't be quantified in words. Castiel wonders if Gabriel's driver will take him home if he shows up alone.
"Damn right pancakes for dinner."
"Rosewater," the witch says when he finishes his circle. He takes it from Bela without looking away, and upends the contents on the box. The box starts to hiss, steam rising off it like it's scorching hot. This must be progress, because he smiles. "There's some some Reyka below the bar. Bring it."
Dean attempts to take a breath, but there's no more air, here. He closes his eyes to the receding seas and the darkening skies. "And if I want to get back?"
, as if attempting to rend him from the inside out. It reminds him of the Leviathan, turbulent and furious and fighting to break free.
really doesn't do it justice.
The deepest part of the pit is a wasteland of cold melancholy.
"I hate every single one of you in ways that are
Things that used to mean something, but Dean can't quite place. He tries to remember what it all meant, why he even bothered. Why he tried to
Dean smiles, but it's more to himself than for them. He redoubles his grip on the ax and is gone without another word. The distant trill of sirens blows in with the wind that gathers up the storm to follow him. Time to go.
Until Tessa wasn't fine, she up and left, and Dean was kind of hoping Sam had enough of the quiet life and maybe, just maybe, wanted to go on one last tour.
," and feels that tug at the base of his spine pull taut and spring loose like a line cut and Dean barely manages a, "Fuck, I'm gonna — " and that's all the warning Cas gets as Dean fucks up into him, wet slap of their hips embarrassingly loud in the quiet early-morning.
Crowley glances at the angels over his shoulder and cocks his head to the side. "Walk with me?"
"Didn't I tell you to be quiet?" He sounds a little breathless, the word
Dean thinks about it. He watches the skin of the cigar burn as he inhales deep, thick smoke flowing in to fill his lungs. What would've choked him as a human he now barely feels at all. He lets the smoke out from his nostrils with a slight smile. The brick building across the intersection is busy, a constant stream of people (mostly men) coming and going. The windows are blacked out, but when Dean reaches out he can feel the deep pulse of dance music, feel the warmth of dozens of souls inside. It looks the same, aside from the plain black sign above the door, all caps in silver spelling out the word PURGATORY
They both keep quiet as they slip past him, cutting around the corner before bursting into a whispered conversation. Dean rolls his eyes, biting down the bitter
Yeah, Sam thinks bitterly, Dean's in trouble. Dean is always in fucking trouble, even when he's
Sam shrugs. "Knock yourself out."
Jody takes advantage of the distraction to steal back her beer.
The mark on his arm warms and he's moving, but he feels disconnected from it. Whatever his body is doing, he's not actively involved, moving on autopilot. Auto-
"I'll call you in the morning."
"It's nothing to be ashamed of — "
, Michael says again, and Castiel does not misunderstand the masked threat there.
Castiel rolls his eyes at the innuendo and tries to shrug Balthazar off. "I hate politics."
The grin she gives him
Sam leaves the food and the water outside the door, and goes to help Jody clean up.
. It was made for Michael, the most powerful of them all. It can hold Castiel and the demon without strain, could hold every soul in Heaven and Hell without fracturing. He closes his eyes and lets his grace stretch, pushing the demon back and filling in the spaces it leaves behind. Reaches out for something that isn't there anymore, grasping blindly in vain.
The dungeon is underground and cold. Dean shivers; he misses the angel's warmth. "Old me, he'd be pissed. Outta all the fucked up shit you've done, that's probably the only one he'd never forgive. But the new me? Well," the smile comes naturally, "I'm actually kinda proud."
He jerks awake with a start, tangled in his sheets. They cling to his sweaty skin, constricting like the hands in his dream and Dean shakes them off, nearly trips as he kicks them away and scrambles to his feet. He flips the bedside lamp on and scrubs at his face, pinching the bridge of his nose until the phantom touches melt away.
Dean closes the distance, and the angel blade slams into the wall beside Castiel's head.
The look Gabriel gives him almost makes Sam take a step back. "And watching you kill yourself isn't?"
feel, okay? He did what he did to help me, to help
Sam glances at Castiel, who looks as curious as Sam is worried. "Level nine," he repeats. "You mean where Lucifer's cage is."
going to be a time you heed my advice,
. Crowley will peel it all away, one layer at a time, until the only memories of humanity he has are echoes.
, okay, and he'd never — " Sam takes a quick breath, and straightens the wheel. "He'd die first."
One building is alive with light, glaring neon signs in the windows so colorful it stings and makes him squint. It's so cold out here. He clenches his fist again, but the heat from the last kill is already but a distant memory. The building beckons with its neon lights like cheap promises, but he pulls the door open and slips inside anyway.
Dean recognizes the other option; he remembers being human, even if he can't remember why he made some of the choices he did. Every choice he made only seemed to hurt him or the people he cared about, but he supposes that logic explained why Sam and Cas had him locked down in here. They just didn't
Cas chews thoughtfully before answering. "I've done it before," is what he says, loading another spoonful of apple filling. "But like this, I can stop them before they start."
"If you're gonna make me watch this, I'm gonna be comfortable," he mutters. Jody shrugs and curls up on the floor with a couple of pillows and Sam takes the armchair, already yawning.
"What are you doing?"
Dean wakes up to Cas mouthing at his shoulder, five o'clock shadow dragging against his skin like fine-grain sandpaper. It's a gentle touch, slow movements of his lips and tongue, trailing from the top of Dean's arm across his shoulder blade. Dean doesn't move, just lets him explore, closing his eyes as Cas works his way back up until he's right where Dean's neck connects with the base of his skull and bites down.
Sam feels Cas' eyes burn into him from across the table, but doesn't rise to the bait. "We'll catch him," Sam assures her. He downs his own drink, wincing at the burn. "We have to."
"Very well," Castiel says, standing up. He is not so weak yet that he cannot hold Dean, delicate but firm, securing Dean's head to the side even as Dean spits curses at him. Jody raises her hand to stab, but Castiel says, "Gently."
"You must've," Sam says. "Look, you were pretty out of it, right from the get-go. Maybe you blasted yourself so hard you don't remember. Are you sure you're okay? No offense, but you look like a reanimated corpse."
, so Dean lets it slide. Baby steps. "But you're still averse to becoming more inti — "
"No, Sam." Cas sighs, looks towards the door like it's insulted him personally or something. "It
"You're so hot," Blue-eyes tells him, and runs a hand up Dean's chest. He cups Dean's chin and forces his head back, drags a thumb down his cheek, along his bottom lip. He tilts Dean's head to the side; Dean lets him and opens his mouth, lashes dark against his cheek.
"She's right," Cas interrupts. "He isn't your brother anymore. And thinking like that will likely just get you killed. We could also use the backup."
Dean blinks, eyes snapping focus on Sam, the rest of him unmoving. "Yeah." His voice is coarse — not like Cas, but took-a-shot-of-Everclear rough. Dean blinks again, several times in quick succession, inhaling sharply through his nose. His pupils are blown so wide Sam can't see the green. "Hi," he says.
Dean rolls his eyes and gets up for more coffee, because he's pretty sure Cas is just fucking with him on purpose now. "We are not having sex," he calls over his shoulder and if Cas has anything to say about that, it's cut short by Sam galumphing down the stairs, stupid sweatband around his forehead and pulling earbuds out by the cord and asking, "Who's having sex?"
"And how many people did he kill before Colette convinced him to stop?" Sam's not sure Dean doesn't need to him to spell it out, but he
"I'm talking and you're listening." Dean interrupts, and for a moment Castiel can see him flicker, swallows down dread as one eye blacks out. "Death was right. Every time we steer the bus away from the cliff, there's another one just around the next corner. If this world
"Dean," Bela says, cautious. She sounds a long way off. "We can't stay here. Crowley won't be long, and your brother — "
"Right," Dean says. A memory of a whisper scratches at the edge of his thoughts:
Dean slides his hand further, joins Cas' around his dick and Cas arches back against him, lets Dean guide his hand to match the rhythm of their hips.
It begins with a tremor so slight she thinks she left her engine on, and dammit, she just dropped four hundred bucks on a new alternator, what the hell is it going to be this time?
"It's not an
Sam glances at his phone again; Krissy hasn't moved on, so it's safe to assume she's finally succumbed to sleep. Or worse, blood loss. They're still about six hours behind. "You think you can follow the highway for a bit while I grab a nap?"
