“Ms. Potts, this is your first time at the races, correct?” he asked.
Tony found himself holding his breath as he waited for Steve’s answer. After a moment, Steve seemed to deflate just a little, and he inclined his head. “Okay Tony, we can talk after the race.”
Steve had watched Tony’s interaction with his father play out, and had been dismayed. He had wanted to stick up for Tony – to say something to Howard Stark. But before he could think of what that might be, Tony had opened his mouth and started spewing belittling comments, first about Avenger, and then about Steve himself. And Steve had gone from wanting to hug Tony to wanting to punch him in the face. Apparently what they said was true. Never meet your heroes – or the people that you followed from afar and kind of hoped you’d get to meet one day.
Wanting to feel Steve’s lower body without his pants in the way, Tony reached for Steve’s belt, trying to undo it while continuing the kissing. He had Steve’s belt open, button popped, and zipper half-way down before Steve suddenly pulled back, looking unsure in the dim light of the room.
Nick sat up straighter, looking Tony dead in the eye. “I’m here to ask you to reconsider, Stark. While we’ve never won the Kentucky Derby, Stark Racing has a ton of big wins under its belt. We’ve won grade one stakes races, including Breeders’ Cup races. We’ve qualified horses for the Derby several times, and we’ve placed in the Preakness Stakes. This is a winning operation, and it could be a huge success with a little more time.”
Steve looked over at the big bay, who was blowing in excitement at all of the hustle and bustle around him. Since the horses were normally exercised in the quiet of the morning, they always knew when it was race day. Instead of napping in their stalls, they were brought out before a crowd and paraded around before being asked to run longer and harder than they generally went in the mornings. Some horses reacted with trepidation to a change in their routine, and spooked at the loud noises and bright colors of a race day in full swing. So far, while Avenger was alert and on his toes, he wasn’t spooking or trying to bolt. His coat was dry and shining in the spring sunshine, while many of the other horses in the race had started to sweat with nerves. The four horse had already built a full lather of sweat, which was never a good sign – he was wasting his energy before the race even started.
Steve held in another sign, knowing that the next bit of information was going to set his friend off even more. “Apparently Fury made a deal with Tony Stark to keep Stark Racing open for one more year, to try to turn the program around. And Fury thinks I’m the trainer to do it.”
Tony groaned quietly as he stepped into the direct sunlight of the grandstand, pausing for a moment and closing his eyes. The aspirin and coffee that he had downed on the four hour trip from MIT hadn’t done a damn thing to help with his headache. If only he’d been able to get another few hours of sleep in the car. He rubbed his forehead, regretting yet again that he’d let his mom talk him into coming to the track today.
Then it was Fury’s turn to shake his head. “No, he won’t. Avenger hasn’t been bred in years – everyone has forgotten about his success twenty years ago. And the two-year-old, Captain America, he only just broke his maiden.”
“You made it just in time, Tony. The horses are just getting ready to head to the track. Your mom and dad are down with the horse and trainer. After all, this is their first big race – they wanted to be a part of the action.”
“Tony, seriously, just tell me,” Pepper implored.
“I’m his head trainer. He’s allowed to speak to me as well.”
Tony found himself experiencing an emotion that he didn’t have a lot of experience with – regret. After spending too much time thinking about the whole thing, he’d come up with a plan. He was a horse owner now, and he’d never seen his own horses run. So he would head to the track on race day and watch one of his horse’s go. And maybe he would run into Steve at the track, and he could explain himself. But he hadn’t wanted to let Fury know, because he was sure that Fury would tell Steve to expect him – which might have ended up with Steve sending an Assistant Trainer in his place. Hence Tony asking Pepper to arrange everything somewhat covertly. And now here they were, trying to find the right barn in the bustling track backside.
“That sounds just like Howard. But again, why are you telling me this? Sounds like Dad made a string of bad decisions, lost a ton of money, and then died. That sucks for you, but I’m sure you’ll find work somewhere else.”
“Thanks for a great night, Pint-size. You’re quite the rider – maybe I’ll see you around one day.”
Steve caught Bucky’s eye, then continued. “This is a chance for me to train at one of the biggest name farms in the country, and to work with Avenger’s colts and fillies. Avenger was the first big horse I worked with. It seems right to see if I can help him become as successful of a sire as he was a race horse.”
The snarky question pulled Tony away from thoughts of his dad, and he turned to see a scruffy man in purple walking towards them.
“Hi, I’m Tony Stark. It’s great to meet you.”
“Of course ‘we,’” Bucky responded. “I’m with you till the end of the line, Rogers. So let’s go turn Stark Racing around.”
The grin fell from Tony’s face. He’d lost his own virginity at thirteen. It hadn’t been a good experience, and he definitely had regrets. He didn’t want anyone to feel the way he had, and especially not this tiny spitfire. Fuck. Tony didn’t want to fuck this up.
Tony nodded, while grudgingly sitting down in his father’s chair, facing Nick across the large, spotless desk. “Sure. Hard to miss it when reporters would start asking questions about his horses every year around Kentucky Derby time.”
“That was amazing! She was amazing!”
Fury sighed, shook his head, and then walked off. Clint waved Tony over to one of the stalls nearby.
By the end of his statement, Bucky was yelling.
“What the fuck is he doing here?” Bucky asked, his hand suddenly on Steve’s wrist like he needed to hold Steve back from – what? Running up and punching Tony in the face for not remembering him? Running up and begging Tony to remember him – the way Steve had always remembered, had held on to that memory in the twenty years since?
Tony pushed the big head away from his coat pocket. “Sorry buddy, I don’t have a single horse treat on me.” The chestnut let his head be moved away, but continued to intently watch Tony. And Tony, who was definitely sure he hadn’t given any fucks about horses three minutes ago, found that he wanted to keep interacting with the horse in front of him.
Steve jerked his eyes away from Avenger to see Peggy Carter, Avenger’s jockey, standing next to him. He smiled at her, feeling the usual mix of admiration, adoration, and awkwardness bubbling under his skin. Peggy was everything he wanted to one day be. She was a successful jockey, second only to Ramon Dominguez in races won at Aqueduct during the current meet. She was incredibly skilled, with a reputation as a jockey who could finesse a difficult horse around the track. She was also gorgeous, forthright, and waiting for him to answer her.
“Yes, we’ll be there,” Tony affirmed. He thought about leaving it there, and letting Steve get on with his job, but he couldn’t seem to stop himself – he needed to clear the air with this man. “Steve, I just wanted to say that I’m …”
“No, ma’am. It’s too late for Black Widow to qualify for the Derby – there isn’t enough time between now and the first Saturday in May to get her the points she needs. She’s getting a late start because she needed a little extra time to develop. But I’m guessing that she’ll be a Breeders’ Cup horse by the fall, if all goes well.”
“Tony Stark crush? Do tell.”
Before he closed his eyes again, Tony glanced around the room. From what he could tell, he was alone. However, judging by the used condom next to the bed, he hadn’t been alone last night.
Tony was already shaking his head before the Racing Manager had finished speaking. “I’m just not interested in owning a horse farm. That’s my dad’s dream – it’s not mine. If this two-year-old is as good as you say he is, then it sounds like he’ll make some money at auction.”
Tony grabbed Steve’s waist and held him as he canted his hips up, rubbing his cloth-covered erection against him. “What does it feel like to you, Pint-size? Think I’m enjoying it?”
With those few words, Howard turned away from Tony and towards Obadiah, a smile blooming across his face. Maria looked apologetically at Tony, then followed Howard. Tony stood with his hand hanging in the air for a moment longer. Fuck. He was like Charlie fucking Brown with the mother fucking football. Tony let his hand fall and looked towards the two individuals who had come up with his parents. One of them, the gruff-looking man Tony had seen with his parents earlier, grabbed the hand that Tony had just let fall, shaking it firmly.
“Black Widow is his horse, Bucky. He’s allowed to be here. There are a ton of owners in the paddock right now.”
Not feeling up to talking to his Personal Assistant, he declined the call and closed his eyes again. Jesus he was hungover. The night before had been some charity or another – he couldn’t remember. He also couldn’t remember exactly where he was, or if he was alone. Tony considered opening his eyes again to check for a bed partner, but decided that would be too much work.
Tony watched out the window as they passed acre upon acre of rolling green pastures, tucked behind pristine white fencing and shrouded in morning fog. He had never had reason to be in Lexington, and hadn’t expected to find it beautiful. If he was honest, his idea of Kentucky had been something like individuals in overalls holding banjos. The few times he had thought about his father’s farm and the surrounding area, he had expected it to look like farmland always did – flat and boring. But Lexington had so far been scenic, with bent old trees, rolling hills, and stone fences adding to the area’s charm. Though it was a bitterly cold March morning, the sun had just broken through the clouds, starting to burn the fog away.
Hearing the rhythmic beat of hooves, Tony turned from his study of the barns to watch a horse appear out of the fog on the track, stretched out in a gallop. If you’d asked him early this morning as he boarded his jet, Tony would have told you that he didn’t understand the allure of horses. Now, standing five yards from a horse in full gallop, he once again found himself needing to re-evaluate his previously held beliefs. There was something beautiful about the amount of raw power and muscle attached to the long, slender legs of the animal in front of him.
The horse rounded the turn and was once again lost in the morning fog, only fading hoof beats remaining. Tony found himself straining to see glimpses of the horse on the far side of the track.
The next few days were a blur of alcohol and solemn, sad-voiced visitors. Thank god for Pepper, who arranged everything while Tony self-medicated with whiskey every time he started thinking about either of his parents. He refused to be the pathetic man-child who felt some sort of regret about how he had left things with them – especially with his father. Despite both being vital parts of Stark Industries, Tony and Howard had managed not to say more than five words at a time to one another for the majority of Tony’s adult life.
“So the Fountain of Youth – is that a big race?” Tony asked, curious just how good Captain America actually was.
Looking around, Tony saw multiple barns, each one with matching grey stone architecture and shining green roofs. There was also a track over to one side, with curving white fencing surrounding it. And all around them were horses – horses in pastures, horses being led, and horses with their heads hanging out of stall windows. It was hard to comprehend that all of this was his. The twenty-seven cars in his garage – they felt like his. Stark Tower, SI, even his parents’ home – all felt like they belonged to him. This place felt like a completely foreign world that he had somehow stumbled into.
“Holy shit, what the fuck is that?”
“Fury bred him to a select few broodmares over the past few years. One of the colts is a two-year old who just broke his maiden. I heard something about him a few weeks ago, but I didn’t realize he was one of Avenger’s.”
Steve stood awkwardly in the paddock, watching Bucky lead Avenger in circle after circle while listening with half an ear to Phillips and the Starks make small talk. While Steve was often at the track in the afternoons, he much preferred the mornings. Then, there was no pomp and circumstance. There were no women in dresses and brightly colored hats, no men in bespoke suits, and no huge crowds. Instead, the mornings at the track were dedicated to the horses, and to the people who worked with them day in and day out.
“Definitely not,” he answered Tony, reaching his hand down to help him off the floor. “And my name is Steve.”
In the moment, Tony had been suddenly furious. “Look, Barry, your friend doesn’t look even a little bit like the short-stack that I hooked up with. One time. Decades ago. Who the fuck remembers all of their drunken hookups, anyway?”
Tony smiled a little, ruefully, the quirk of his lip acknowledging the appropriateness of the question. On many other occasions, the answer would be yes. However, the thrill of invention had been keeping Tony on the (mostly) straight and narrow for a few months. “This one time, no. I’m just tired. I was up late working on my senior project.”
“Is this the horse?” Pepper asked, gazing in to the stall behind Steve. Tony could just make out a dark shape in the very back of the stall.
“Tell me again why we’re here, Tony,” Pepper asked, walking next to him through the backside of Keeneland Race Course. She deftly stepped around a pile of manure in her stiletto heels, then continued forward at her typical brisk pace, seemingly not slowed down at all by the uneven footing.
Chapter Two
“Mr. Stark. What do I owe the honor?” Steve’s tone of voice made it clear that that he viewed the meeting as nothing of the sort.
“So far,” Tony started, “you’ve shown me an unpredictable horse, a clumsy giant pig horse, and an angry killer horse. Do I own any horses that are just, I don’t know, good race horses?”
“I don’t know what you just did to him, but Steve came in mad as hell and then left in a hurry as soon as Avenger was taken care of. He never leaves during the day when he can stick around and make cow eyes at all the horses. And then I find out that you’re skulking around the property, and it all makes sense.”
“I know I had a bit of a crush on Tony when I was younger,” Steve began.
Pepper shook her head at him. “He’s pretty – I’ll give you that. But you know you can’t get involved with him, Tony. He works for you. Plus, you’re going to be making a lot of decisions about Stark Racing in a few months, and starting a relationship with him will just make that more difficult.”
“I’ve said for years that what we needed to do was breed Avenger to distance runners. I’ve had the bloodlines worked out on this plan, this Avenger Initiative, for years. Instead of pouring our money into horses that other people were breeding, we needed to focus on growing talent at home. And starting a few years ago Howard let me do just that, at least on a limited basis.
Once Happy parked the car Tony slid out into the chilly morning, his breath clouding the air in front of him. He wasn’t quite sure which building held the main office. He hadn’t told Fury to expect him, enjoying the thought of catching the man by surprise (much as he has surprised Tony in his office several months ago). But as he looked around the many unlabeled buildings in front of him, he acknowledged that there was perhaps a downside to his plan.
“Finally dropped by to check out your noble steeds, huh?”
“I told you, Pep,” Tony replied, “We’re here to watch one of my horses run her first race.”
Laughing, Tony reached out for Steve, pulling him back onto the bed and into his arms.
But after that, Tony’s memory became spotty. He could remember daring Steve to kiss him, to prove that he wasn’t into Tony. He had been surprised when that had worked, and Steve had leaned in quickly to peck him on the lips. That had led to Tony kissing Steve again, teasingly, biting gently at his lips and licking his tongue across the seam of his mouth before pulling back. While Steve had continued to insist that he didn’t have a crush, and that he was unmoved, his flushed face and tented pants had said otherwise.
“Steve?” Tony couldn’t remember hearing Fury mention a Steve before. “Who’s Steve?”
“It was always about the Derby, both for your Dad and for the media,” Nick responded. “Howard would fly me up here once a month or so to talk about how the racing program was going. But no matter what we had going on, the questions always ended up coming back to the Kentucky Derby. He was set on winning it one day.”
However, Steve had been gone. Instead, learning against the office door with his arms crossed, had been a tall, long-haired man who had looked vaguely familiar to Tony.
“Mr. Stark”
Chapter Three
“Have you turned on your TV yet?” Pepper asked.
Tony regretfully stepped back from Cap so Barton could close the stall door. “I promise, next time I see you I’ll have some sort of treat,” Tony told the horse.
“Look Stevie, I know you have a crush on Stark. And I’m sorry he was a tool. But you have to let it go.”
All of the three-year old horses in the paddock surrounding Steve had a single goal – to make it to the Kentucky Derby. The Wood Memorial would be one of the last chances these horses had of making the Derby field. A first place finish would guarantee a spot in the Derby. The horses that placed and showed might end up with enough winnings to make it, depending on how they had done in previous races. Since Avenger had placed in the Gotham Stakes just last month, he was in a great position. As long as he finished in the top three, he was Kentucky Derby bound for sure.
Steve’s gaze snapped to his, and his shoulders tightened as he straightened up to full height. The move was so similar to how Pint-size had approached him the first time they met that Tony was flabbergasted that he could have ever missed that Steve and Pint-size were the same person.
“Fury’s plan rests on the yearlings and two-year-olds that they currently have at the farm. And Bucky, most of those are by Avenger.”
“I was waiting to talk to you, Mr. Stark. As to how I was able to get in here – you dad gave me access years ago. I’ve spent a lot of time in this office, talking to your father about Stark Racing. You do know that your father owned a horse racing farm, correct?”
As they got closer, Steve stood and pushed his sunglasses onto the top of his head. His expression, open and polite as he gazed at Pepper, closed once he saw Tony following her.
“Mr. Stark, Ms. Potts,” he said, moving forward to meet them, Bucky still grumbling beside him. “Black Widow is doing great so far. We’re getting ready to walk her over for riders up. You’re welcome to come along.”
Once they were settled, Steve turned his attention to Widow, who was warming up with the other horses. While she continued to look very alert, Steve was pleased with how she’d done so far. No matter how many times you schooled a horse on the track and in the gates, you never knew how they’d do at their first race. Widow was thus far handling herself better than he had expected.
After racking his brain, Tony had placed the man as Steve’s friend from the post-race party so many years ago. Brady or Benji or something like that. Tony remembered bedroom eyes and a hilariously crude sense of humor. This man was still gorgeous and crude, but he was also angry and fiercely protective of Steve. And he was very clear that Tony was something that Steve needed to be protected from.
Across the track the horses were being loaded into the gates. Widow would be one of the last horses loaded, which was ideal. The less time she had to wait in the starting gate, the better. Steve found himself holding his breath as the filly was loaded, letting it out slowly as she made it in with very little hassle.
Pepper thrust her hand toward Steve. “Hi, I’m Pepper Potts, Tony’s Personal Assistant. Tony and I wanted to come and see the horses run. And you are?”
“I have to hand it to your father – he spared no expense making sure that the horses he owned went on to the very best situations if they didn’t show the talent or inclination to race. Any of the horses that the trainers deemed unsuitable for racing were retired into jobs off the track. We work with a local agency that finds the horses homes across the country doing everything from trail riding to eventing to barrel racing. Same with the horses that are injured. Howard would spend the money to rehab their injuries and if there was any question about whether or not they would be sound to race in the future, he’d have them rehomed into a non-racing career. Horses that were not going to be suitable for any future career retired here with us.”
Tony ran out of words, and continued to gaze at the table, running his finger absentmindedly around the rim of his cocktail glass.
Steve’s success had brought an increasing amount of nice horses his way, as well as several job offers from bigger race programs. He’d considered a few of them, but none had seemed quite right. And this offer definitely shouldn’t be the one he was seriously considering. And yet …
Suddenly, the slight clearing of a throat made Tony aware that he wasn’t alone. He turned towards the noise quickly, peering into the dim space while trying to figure out where the lights were.
“It’s good for the old guys to let them stretch their legs occasionally,” Clint explained. “It keeps them healthier longer. Plus, Steve apparently worked with Avenger back in his racing days. Before he was a trainer he did some exercise riding, and Avenger was one of his horses.”
“Bullshit,” Bucky spat. “Tony hasn’t been at a single one of his horse’s races since he took over Stark Racing. He wasn’t there when Cap won the Fountain of Youth, and it doesn’t get much bigger than that. So there’s no reason for him to be here to see Widow run today. He’s here because of you.”
Tony’s mind drifted back to that day, twenty years before. He remembered being frustrated at Howard, and frustrated overall that he had been pulled away from MIT so close to graduation to spend time with his dysfunctional family. But he also remembered the thrill of Howard’s horse coming in first place. With a start, he realized that it had actually been Avenger that he had seen that day.
As the horse jogged towards him, Tony started paying attention to the man on his back. In the last several decades, Tony had spent time with some of the most beautiful people alive. He had been dating supermodels since he was in his teens. Hell, even his PA was gorgeous. That said, the rider coming towards him was a work of art. From his strong jaw and blond hair peeking out under the helmet to his broad shoulders and long legs, every part of him was perfection.
“Steve, fuck,” Tony swore, gazing up at the blond straddling him.
“This is a horse farm, not a spa. We have heat lamps in several of the barns, but very little of this place is heated. However, it is quite a bit warmer inside of the barns – the horses’ body heat raises the temperature a noticeable amount.”
Fury, still smirking slightly, led him into one of the nearby barns. Stalls lined either side of the wide aisleway, each one bearing an engraved nameplate. Employees, all wearing matching embroidered black jackets, moved through the space with purpose. Some were grooming, some were cleaning stalls, and some were leading horses out to the large paddocks located behind the barn.
Tony looked up at Steve through his eyelashes, smirking. “What do you think, Pint-size? Is it working for you?”
Steve knew Bucky and Tony had spoken when Tony had come by the farm, though Bucky had refused to say anything about the conversation. After calming down that day, Steve had started to feel bad about his behavior. He had been inexcusably rude to the man who signed all of their paychecks. Because, in all honesty, Steve knew that he looked completely different. He also knew that there was a difference between him remembering Tony – when Tony had been a constant media presence for over three decades – and Tony remembering him, a drunken one-night stand whom he hadn’t seen before or since.
Steve reached down, winding Lucky’s fur around his fingers and tried not to throw up. Fear and anxiety churned in his gut and he didn’t know what to do.
It was soft and hesitant and sent shivers down Steve’s spine and most importantly, over far too soon.
“Can I look yet, or are you still kissing?” Evie Rose called.
or their
“And you managed it all on your own? Colour me impressed, Rogers. Pretty soon you’ll be able to tie your own shoelaces without supervision and everything.”
Finally, Steve was released from the stand. It took everything he had not to push past the guard escorting him out of the courtroom. He stepped into the hall and instantly Tony was on his feet and hurrying across the corridor towards him. Steve stepped forward into Tony’s waiting arms and buried his face into his neck.
But then capitalism came along and fucked healthcare up like it fucked everything up.
Steve’s ears pricked up.
Steve sighed. “Anyone would think you three don’t trust me.”
“Aye aye, Captain,” Tony replied with a salute.
“I need a crash cart!” Bruce yelled, pushing Jessica onto her back, his heart pounding in his ears. His hands were shaking as he began to check her airways and he couldn’t deny the relief he felt when Dr. Romanoff appeared on the other side of the bed, efficiently passing Matt off to a nurse as she took over.
(The internet. So helpful.)
“Oh, honey…”
“Are you sure?” Steve asked, landing neatly on his feet. He grabbed his scrub shirt and pulled it over his head, ruffling his hair and increasing his innocent, boyish look, which was only belied by the mischievous twinkle in his eyes. “Because it’s
Steve pulled back as far as he could in his chair.
“Okay,” Steve agreed.
“When they signed me up for that dating app, I wasn’t planning on ever using it,” Tony said quietly. “But then I got curious, and then I saw you. And I had to meet you. And now… Steve, I’m in this for the long haul.”
Staring after Stane for another moment, Steve turned and went in search of Rhodey and Sharon. And when he noticed Stane watching him throughout the morning, he tried to tell himself it was just a coincidence.
“Steve,” he hissed, shaking his boyfriend awake. “Steve, wake up!”
It was exciting.
Tony raised his eyebrows in surprise. “Did you just reveal something personal?”
“That’s me,” the boy sitting on the gurney waved and winced.
But in reality, Steve fought the urge to pick up his phone and call Tony, to hear his voice and confirm he was in one piece.
“Steve,” Alexander nodded.
“If you’re waiting for me to cry for Nazi sympathisers, we’re gonna be here a long time.”
“I didn’t know there was a pool in this building.”
“There better be donuts,” Clint agreed, following Bucky with a limp. “I didn’t get thrown about by those big, metal bastards for there not to be donuts.”
“Very clever, Tony,” Stane smirked. “It’s been a long time.”
“Yeah?” Tony raised his eyebrows, a shark-like grin spreading from ear to ear.
“Can’t you reschedule?”
“Yeah! Those assholes,” Clint declared.
“Hey kid, how you doing?” he asked.
“Hey!” one of the uniformed officers yelled when Bucky reached for the tape. “Behind the tape!”
“Rougher than Afghanistan?” Tony said dryly.
Tony started, then blinked at him, his mouth hanging open. Steve coloured, realising what he’d said, and squeezed his eyes shut, sliding down the sofa.
“Ah.”
Tony threw his head back and laughed. Steve took advantage of the move to run his lips up Tony’s neck.
"Okay, Warren. This won't hurt a bit," Steve lied.
“Yeah.”
“Can I come up?”
Daniel nodded. “They get that from their mother.”
“And they fund the residency program,” Bruce sighed.
Too slow.
“Oh. Are you back to work, or…?”
When he returned to the apartment, Rhodey’s room was empty and his keys were gone. No doubt out with Sharon, Steve realised, scrubbing his hand over his face as the weariness settled in.
“No problem,” Tony smiled. “See you later, Steve.”
“Done,” Steve announced.
“Oh thank God,” Tony blurted out, hauling Steve in for a kiss. It was terrible kiss, because they were both laughing and then stumbling out of the elevator, but it was still perfect because it was Tony.
They remained there, in the shallows of the pool, clinging to each other until their heart rates returned to normal.
“Definitely a yes,” Clint agreed. “Bruce, did you steal the last piece of garlic bread again?”
“Night Steve. Good to meet you,” Bruce smiled.
“Oh, come on!” Steve grumbled. “I’d just had my growth spurt and I wasn’t used to being six foot and I, kind of, fell into a window.”
Letting his arms flop onto the bed, Steve stared up at the watermark on the ceiling. Then, finally, he sat up slowly, swinging his legs out of bed. The carpet felt sharp against his bare feet. He should feel some sense of accomplishment for getting that far, shouldn’t he?
She nodded, letting Joseph and his lawyers enter the conference room before leaving, closing the door behind her.
“That’s impossible,” Tony replied, crossing to the fridge.
“Thanks again, Clint,” she said softly and this time when she walked away, he didn’t stop her. He watched her disappear out of the automatic doors and into the night, leaving him standing in the entrance to the ER like the idiot he was.
Angie swallowed. “What about people?”
“Alright. Talk to Clint, his patient’s about to be admitted and if you’re quick, you’ll get him before he dives into the coffee machine again.”
Steve laughed, leaning down to kiss Tony breathless.
Steve bit his lip, leaning his weight on his fists and feeling tiny pieces of grit biting into his skin. It hurt, but it felt good.
“I’ll be right up,” Steve sighed.
“Hard to argue with that logic, Steve,” he grinned. “That’s pretty clever, kid.”
These days Arnie lived in a nursing home for veterans.
“Yes. I’m thinking Greek, does that work for you?”
SPOILERY WARNINGS: brief discussion of off-screen mob violence and murder.
Steve told himself that he wasn’t going to do anything about Tony, but then he spend the entire drive back to the Tower thinking about it. And once he started thinking about it, he couldn’t stop thinking about it. By the time he pulled into the Tower parking lot, he was gripped by the same determination he’d felt before going after Hydra.
Tony’s heart clenched. He squeezed Steve’s hip and received a kiss on the temple in return.
“Well, that’s a terrifying thought,” Bucky declared, “And now I need pancakes with a lotta cream to stave off the nightmares about the evil version of you.”
“Hey. I’m helping you. So shut up,” Steve grumbled, but he couldn’t help but smile.
Natasha turned and found Stark standing in the doorway, looking vaguely uncomfortable although he covered it well. “Yes?”
Tony shut up. He wasn’t an idiot.
His shoulders shook as a few tears managed to escape.
“Oh yeah,” Tony nodded. “We got our invites to the opening night last week. Whole team. I hope you have a tux, because I’m going to need a plus one come April.”
“If I was lucky, those people were me,” Bucky grinned. His face fell as a thump came through over the comms. “Romanoff? Barton? Speak to me? What was that?”
Steve shifted down the bed, curling in towards Tony and the warmth of his body.
He’d need fluids, Tylenol to combat the fever, blankets to keep Steve warm, and something easy on the stomach to eat.
Tony stepped close, hooking a finger into Steve’s t-shirt and pulling him in for a kiss. Steve’s breath hitched; the kiss was slow and full of heat, a lingering promise for later that left him shivering in the very best way.
“You’re annoying, why do I come to you for help?” Tony huffed. “Refill?”
“Only kinda,” Steve confirmed. He smirked, “I mean, you’re no Thor…”
Steve’s hand curled around Tony’s wrist, tugging it up so he could press a kiss to the inside of his wrist, where the blue veins stood out starkly against his skin. They'd had a lot of sex, but this simple gesture was so intimate, Tony swore his heart doubled in size. Which wasn’t fair, because he wasn’t the Grinch dammit, he liked Christmas.
“No, it’s not. He’s being too polite. I dated him for over a year, I know when he’s being sincere. And he’s not. And he just made a not-so-subtly-veiled reference to our break-up.”
“Neither,” Steve replied.
“Come on, baby. Come on, honey,” Tony murmured, nuzzling Steve’s neck. He splayed his hand on Steve’s back, curling his fingers just enough to press his nails into Steve’s skin.
“First of all,” Tony retorted, “I don’t think you took him down anything, Steve. He kicked your ass! And second: it’s not the same thing! I’m in a nearly indestructible suit of armour.”
“Thanks Wade,” Tony said.
“Not an option.”
Steve slipped out of the room, closing the door quickly behind him, and was immediately set upon by Pepper Potts.
“Feeling any better?” Tony asked, eyeing him critically. “You look better.”
After pouring Bucky into bed in his own apartment, Tony made his way up to the penthouse, kicking off his shoes and falling face first into bed. He was asleep before his head hit the pillow.
When they reached L&L, they climbed into an empty booth, sitting opposite each other, and Angie looked like she was about to kiss the waitress who handed them their menus.
“Same pain?” Bruce echoed with a burst of hope. Right now, he was drawing blanks and he’d take anything he could to figure out what this was.
The day started, as they so often did, with a message from Tony.
She flailed for a moment, clearly recognising Tony as a stranger, but settled down once Tony shifted enough that she could see Steve was still there.
“I am aware,” Hank replied, mildly amused by Rogers’ rant, not that he’d let it show.
“How’s it going?” Tony called.
“He doesn’t know,” Steve shook his head. “Trust me, it’s better this way.”
seems like you’re in a good mood. Is the world ending?”
“No, sorry,” Bucky replied. Natasha and Bruce also replied negatively. “Why? What’s up?” Bucky asked.
Daniel waved him off. “Nice to finally meet you. Loving the outfit.”
“Idiot,” Steve chuckled, taking the washcloth and wiping Tony down with gentle hands.
“Too late to ask where the bathroom is, right?” Steve joked.
“Uncle! Uncle!” he cried.
No one wanted to say anything, that much was obvious, so Clint took a deep breath and decided to take one for the team. If they didn’t buy him the biggest stack of waffles after this, then he was never sharing his coffee with them again.
“Yeah. Seriously, it’s all good,” Steve insisted. The microwave pinged loudly, announcing that his pasta was ready and allowing Steve to grab the food and make a very obvious escape to his bedroom.
“I mean, I’ve been there,” Steve continued. “I tried the much older boyfriend thing and trust me, it does not work. Holy shit, did it not work. Not when one of you is in your twenties.”
Angie blinked.
Steve tapped on the banner, opening the app, more to stop the notifications than out of any real interest. He’d joined Tinder more to get Peggy and Angie off his back than any desire for a relationship, and after one too many dick pics, he’d switched to Make-a-Match. It was cutesy and kind of annoying, and Steve was this close to just deleting the app, if not for the fact that he didn’t think he could stand the pitying looks from the girls as Peggy pointed out
His brain flashed up an image of Vanessa but Wade pushed it away because it hurt. It still hurt.
SPOILERY WARNINGS: panic attack
“That sounds like fun.”
“Don’t malign my security systems, Steve,” Tony teased. He took Steve’s right hand in his left, wrapping his right arm around Steve’s waist. “JARVIS will take it personally.”
“He always has one, every time we come here,” he explained to Steve. “He says they taste like the croissants from this bakery in France during the war.”
“Okay,” Steve called. “Why does Matt need armour, and why do you keep getting thrown in dumpsters?”
“How dare you. My boyfriend is wonderful,” Tony sniffed.
Steve put his guitar aside, leaning it against the end of the couch and tossing his plectrum onto the table before shuffling closer to Tony.
Yep, they really did make his ass look good.
get over it.
“Hey Clint. And everyone else.” Steve dropped his bags by the window, before bending to kiss Tony. “Hello.”
“Maybe,” Tony shrugged. “Or maybe I’m being a self-centred narcissist as usual, and making everything about me when it’s not.”
“Wait, you got shot at?” Tony demanded.
“Sure,” he nodded.
“I wouldn’t be so sure,” Matt replied.
“Who was it?” he panted.
“You’re not being ridiculous,” Tony murmured. “You were triggered. There’s no shame in that. Hell, I’m shaking.” He swallowed. “For a minute, I was back there. In your apartment.”
Steve huffed, leaning his weight against Tony and feeling a little thrill when Tony supported him easily, his hands shifting to Steve’s hips to hold him steady. Some of the anger and frustration seeped out of him at Tony’s touch.
Steve shrugged. “They’re your friends.”
“Hey, how are they doing?” Hope asked, leaning over the desk. “Is that Stark?”
He couldn’t wait.
“If you value your life, that better not be the last banana nut,” Natasha warned, without looking up.
“…ogers? Mr Rogers?”
“Oh, the obvious sugar daddy?”
Raising his head, Steve squinted at the figure standing in front of him. Even with his eyes refusing to focus and his vision blurring, he made out the perfect white teeth and the artfully-styled hair.
“They think I should tell my husband that I'm flirting with you,” Steve interrupted. “That it’s unfair of me to flirt behind his back.”
“Hi cutie,” he grinned. “The baby. Not you,” he added, glancing up at Steve. “Not that you’re not cute, but you’re kind of outshone by this one.”
“Steve,” Tony whispered. “Don’t be alone. You don’t deserve it. Promise me.”
When he moved to LA, Steve made a to-do list every day. He was struggling, so the lists helped. In the beginning. Then one day, he just… didn’t. Which was okay. But then he just didn’t for the second day. Then a third. And a fourth. And then, he stopped even making the lists. He just… stopped.
Climbing to his feet, he left the pump room and climbed the stairs back to ground level. “It won’t start,” he called across the room.
“Because we’ve only been together for a month,” Sharon explained and dammit, she could feel tears building. She was only barely pregnant and already she hated the hormones. She could not spend the next eight months crying. It would completely ruin her reputation. “And I’m having a baby. Because I am. Having it. And I can’t ask you to commit to this after a month.”
“Hello?” Steve’s voice echoed from the speaker, sounding small and tinny.
“Yes, of course mother,” Loki replied, still frowning in confusion.
Steve’s hand snaked into Tony’s pants and under his boxers, until his hand was wrapped around Tony’s dick and
“I can’t remove tattoos. I’m not a dermatologist.”
It turned out that Tony was amazing at sucking cock, and it wasn’t long before Steve was panting wordlessly, sweat rolling down his forehead, the sensations threatening to overwhelm him. Then Tony’s lubed fingers nudged at his hole, and watching flew out of the window.
He’d spent several months in a war zone and his body had held off of giving him his heat, realising that he couldn’t deal with his heat and fighting a war at the same time. Which was great. Until he and the Commandos went back to London and his heat hit.
“Oh, and who are you? Geppetto?” Steve retorted.
Particles of dust floated in the air, casting tiny shadows on the carpet as the sunlight streamed through the window, fading the pictures on the wall. Steve moved closer, studying the pictures of dolphins and whales and starfish and seabirds. This was Maria Stark’s office, he realised, staring at the map of the world with tiny pins dotted across the oceans. There was obviously some kind of meaning to the different colours of pins, that much was clear from the cluster of green pins near Greenland and the orange pins dotted around Louisiana and Florida, but Steve had no chance of figuring it out. Pulling open the filing cabinet, Steve found row after row of drop files, each one meticulously labelled in impeccable handwriting. The whole room spoke of a highly organised mind.
Steve glanced around the room. An air of finality settled upon him.
“You were going to propose?” she asked, her mouth curving into a smile.
“But, but someone must’ve known about you,” Steve frowned. “I mean, as far as the world knows, you’re alive but you’re a recluse. They don’t know about the… tail. Obviously. But people think you’re alive.”
“She was supposed to be at a friend’s,” Steve explained. “But they’re sick, and Peggy’s in court, Daniel’s doing a prisoner transfer, and Angie already left with Zoey and Hannah for the day. And there was a babysitter issue.”
He didn’t feel too confident, and the lingering exhaustion threatened to wash over him again, but Steve pushed it away. No, he wasn’t ready to give up again. Not without a fight.
“Tony, this makes the Macy’s window look like amateur hour,” he pointed out. “Why?”
And Tony turned to leave, but something held him back from walking out. Holding on to the door handle, he turned back to Clint.
He felt like he wanted to lie down again and just forget everything, but he couldn’t do that. Because if he did, Tony would go hungry. And Tony didn’t deserve to starve just because Steve was a terrible person.
“Yeah,” Steve nodded.
Even if it had been a while.
the problem?” he exclaimed. “I bought you the damn books because I thought you’d like them! Because I thought I’d rather get something that meant something to you, than something stupid and meaningless like flowers!”
“Concerns?” Tony echoed. “This isn’t like a student crush gone wrong or something, is it?”
“I do not need help in that department,” Bucky retorted. “At all. Thank you very much.”
Steve sat down on Marci’s left and tried to avoid eye contact with his father. He could feel Joseph watching him and he knew, he just knew Joseph was smirking in triumph, believing that he’d won.
“Maybe,” Steve nodded. “I’ll be right back.”
Was Steve’s six year old niece genuinely trying to sell him on Steve? This might’ve been the most adorable thing Tony’d ever experienced. Rivalled only by Steve’s blush as he realised what she was up to.
“Then stop talking.”
But one remained: the image of pushing a ring onto someone’s finger. Only this time, instead of slim pale fingers with French polish, he pictured Tony’s hands and lost the ability to breathe for a good minute.
“Seriously? Stop moving everything.”
“Hey, you wanna shut up?” Steve snapped.
“I heard you had a little one through SHIELD,” Natasha said. “She’s cute.”
“I thought I heard someone,” Tony called, popping out of the water. “What’s going on? How was the thing?”
“No, I don’t get it,” she interrupted. “You’re out. I know that. I’ve seen the pictures of you and your mom at Pride. Your dad got a warning from the cops last month for threatening a homophobe in a bar and he wears that as a badge of honour. So that’s not a problem. Which means I’m starting to think the problem is me.”
He removed the clearly deteriorated old rings and seals, replacing them with the new ones and when he was done, Steve felt a rush of pride. He almost pulled out his phone to take a picture before realising there was no one he could possibly show without an explanation. Except Tony, who wouldn’t be nearly as impressed as Steve would like.
Steve’s plans of lying on the couch and playing video games were interrupted by a loud rumble from his stomach. Steve hummed, glancing longingly across the apartment towards the kitchen. Angie ditched him after the much-needed supermarket trip to meet with a friend from drama school who’d just arrived in town to begin rehearsals for
“Yeah,” Tony sighed. He put his bowl aside and wrapped his arms around Steve’s shoulders, burying his face in his hair.
“It’s about my patient.”
Steve took Tony’s hand, using it to pull himself to his feet. He was only mildly unsteady, but he would take any excuse to hold on to Tony, his usual desire to be close to his boyfriend increased tenfold by the alcohol.
“We should call a team briefing,” Natasha said, ignoring Tony’s question, which was more than a little worrying.
“Night,” Tony called softly.
SLIGHTLY SPOILERY WARNINGS: underlying anxiety attacks throughout. If you’re unsure, feel free to ask me questions over on tumblr.
Coulson hummed. “Is the futurist looking back? Maybe to a time when he was pushing people away instead of asking for help?”
“I can do this,” Steve insisted, ignoring the voice in his head - the one that sounded suspiciously like Bucky - which insisted that he absolutely could
“Sure,” Tony nodded. “I already had PR draw up a statement about taking photos of her and how anyone who crosses the line will basically have the whole team busting down their front door. Politely, of course.”
“Did you have fun tonight?”
Tony’s eyes were still far too calculating, but Steve found it less grating this morning. Perhaps because he’d actually showered last night and shaved this morning, and he’d eaten two slices of cold pizza for breakfast so there was less for Tony to find lacking. Although why he cared about the judgement of a pissy mer, Steve wasn’t sure.
“It really captures your essence.”
“When did you last leave the apartment?”
“I didn’t say anything,” Steve replied, his heart hammering in his ears. He flicked Tony’s forehead. “You trying to give me a heart attack?”
He burst into the locker room, almost colliding with Clint.
“I’ll have tea please,” Steve said.
“Could she’ve hit him with something?”
They stumbled into the bedroom and Steve managed to pause just long enough to fish for the door, pushing it shut before Tony toppled him onto the bed.
“Tony…”
“Bruce,” she said, drawing his attention.
“Yes, sir?”
Tony grinned. “Come on. I’ll get you some nachos.”
“I missed you,” he murmured.
But Tony met his gaze head on, determination written in his eyes. “There’s something we need to do first.”
,” Angie rolled her eyes.
“Don’t worry, she really will be fine,” Natasha promised. “I’m going to get - ah, Steve! Steve, this is Lorna and Charles.”
“Fuck that!” the drunk snapped. His fist snapped forward with surprising speed and coordination, considering his level of inebriation, and Scott jumped towards Stark, ready to help.
“Now there’s a horrifying thought.”
And there was something niggling at the back of his brain, like a toddler desperate for attention poking him in the ribs. With a sigh, Steve rolled over and grabbed his laptop. He winced when the screen burst into life and the brightness almost blinded him. Squinting, he tapped in his password and smacked the brightness button until he could see without the image being burned into his retinas. Grabbing his glasses from the table, Steve leaned his laptop against his steepled knees, opened the internet and googled
“It really is,” Bucky agreed.
“Probably for the best,” Bruce nodded.
He hurried through his nightly routine, making sure to grab a damp cloth for cleanup before he returned to the bedroom so they didn’t have to sneak back and risk scarring Fury’s daughter for life if she decided to go to the bathroom.
Steve didn’t know what this was really about.
Bruce eyed him, moving towards the door and indicating for Steve to follow him. “Sounds mysterious. What can I help you with?”
I would love some artwork of the various photos mentioned in this chapter, so if anyone's interested, let me know.
“Steve!” Tony exclaimed. “Small ears.”
“Me too,” Tony agreed. “Let’s get you back to bed.”
Above him, he saw Tony smile.
Steve followed, and felt he did a passable job of keeping up with Bucky. Those years of parkour with Peggy were paying off.
himself. There was no reason to mention Tony at all, unless…
He swallowed.
“If you murder me, I’m haunting your ass for the rest of eternity,” Bruce warned. “And remember, I’ve seen your ass.”
“Next time,” Tony echoed.
“Avengers, let’s move,” he ordered.
“Make me.”
“You improvised?”
“Thanks, honey.”
“He got to you too, huh?” Stane smirked. “Don’t know what it is, but there’s something about that fish that messes with people’s minds, stops ‘em from seeing straight. Howard, he was all but gone after Arno died. But Maria? She was always the smart one. Even she couldn’t see past him though. She could’ve been famous, if only she’d had the guts to put him where he belonged: in a zoo.”
“Never have I ever gone to work in my pyjamas,” Steve declared.
“Why do you want to buy a building?”
“Thanks.”
“It’s… no one.”
Steve smiled. He climbed into the bed, sinking as always into the mattress which somehow managed to be both totally soft and yet still the exact amount of support. It must be a rich people thing, he decided.
“Oh God, you feel so good,” Steve groaned.
“Absolutely,” Steve agreed with a straight face.
Pym hummed. “I never understood how Howard could disown his only child. There’s nothing Hope could do which would make me disown her. Well, except maybe dating Lang.”
That was the part Steve was nervous about.
“Sorry for bumming you out on your birthday,” Steve winced.
His car was temperamental at best and who knew what could set it off.
“Don’t even try it, Rogers,” Bucky snapped. “I’m old enough to be your grandfather so don’t bullshit me.”
He scrolled through the thesis, most of which he didn’t understand - biology was another subject he hadn’t exactly excelled at - but he was able to work out the gist of it. And the gist was a hypothetical description of how real life mermaids would look and act, theorising on diet and communication and even mating habits, which prompted Steve’s mind to start wandering until he firmly clamped down on
“Thanks.” Steve squeezed his arm.
“Nothing,” Steve lied.
“Yeah?”
“I thought you said it was good news,” Steve teased.
“I see no benefit in this for me.”
“Tony?”
“Tracksuit Mafia. Bunch of Russian gangsters. They used to own the building until I won it off of them in a poker game. Well, sort of. I had to buy them out to get the deeds. I told you about Lucky defending me from them. That’s how he lost his eye, remember?”
Steve bit his lip, stealing another glance at Tony. Somehow, without him realising, his dislike of the mer had shifted into something almost like friendship. The kind of friendship Bucky had with his co-worker, Clint, where they teased the shit out of each constantly but spent every available moment together even when they didn’t have to.
“Feel like sharing any of them?”
“You know that shareholders meeting today?”
“So?”
“He has multiple citations for bravery, he’s been injured in the line of duty defending this country,” Rogers continued. “He is so much more than a- What was it?
“Hi.”
“Beautiful,” Tony breathed.
Frigga Borson swayed towards him, smiling serenely. Loki Borson however, scowled and snatched up his mother’s coat.
“Fine. I’ll make quiet but just as passionate love to you.”
His heat only lasted three days, which was unusually short for Steve but he wasn’t about to look a gift horse in the mouth. He still felt tired when it was over but it wasn’t the bone crushing weariness of the last few days. Plus, without the aching muscles it was a lot easier to deal with.
“Hey! We don’t bite the doctors who are trying to help us around here,” Dr. Pym frowned. “Push five of Haldol, IV,” she added over the screaming. “Bruce, you with me?”
“Yeah.”
“You gotta be kidding me.”
“Close the door on your way out.”
“Alexander,” Steve breathed, staring in disbelief at the man who stood in front of him, smiling congenially. He looked the same; a little older, a little more lined, but otherwise unchanged.
“Hey Steve,” Sandy called, coming out of his classroom down the hall.
“He was never quite right,” Stane continued. “After his parents died. Who can blame him? Losing both parents like that.” Stane
“No? What about if I use this?” he asked, holding up an EMP. “I believe this is what you’d call a stalemate, Mr Stark.”
“First of all, you’ve been telling me to stop calling you that for twenty years,” Tony pointed out. “And second of all, I have a fiancé now.”
“Yeah, but drink it at your own risk. Dr. Barton gets very territorial,” Steve replied.
“Sounds rough.”
“Right,” Tony grudgingly admitted.
Four days, Steve thought to himself. He could wait four days.
Wade eyed him, but he couldn’t get a read on Dr. Stark. Rich dude, clearly, he was a fucking doctor after all. Everyone knew you needed to be loaded to be a doctor. But military too? An officer probably and, ew, Wade could taste the bile at the thought. Okay, maybe that was an exaggeration, but whatever. Dr. Stark ditched him but then he came back to check on him? Dude was weird.
“What doesn’t work?” Stark asked, appearing out of nowhere. Scott looked around; where the hell did he come from? He’d already discovered Stark had a habit of sneaking up on people with his unnaturally silent footsteps. Scott wondered if it was a soldier thing, before remembering Sharon and her three inch heels echoing through the corridors and reassessed his assumptions.
“So. She wasn’t in your file,” Tony murmured. “I won’t ask if you don’t want me to though.”
“Come on, baby, come on, please,” he whispered. “Come back to me.”
“Should I be worried?” she asked.
He wouldn’t give up his daughter for anything but there were moments when he realised how much easier it would be with someone to help. Moments like this. And he couldn’t always rely on Tony to be there to help.
Steve pointedly tried to avoid thinking about the way his teachers tried to push him into academia, needling him with phrases like
Steve shivered.
“No, we’re going upstairs,” Steve laughed.
Because as soon as he lunged towards Stark, Stark walked backwards in a circle, taking the drunk with him easily.
“Sorry. I’m a bitchy drunk,” Foggy shrugged.
“You’re shaking.”
“I know something about switching sides,” Tony shrugged. His head started pounding in time with his pulse.
“Tony, what ice-cream did you get us?” Evie Rose asked, materialising by his side.
“Don’t listen to the nasty man, he doesn’t know what he’s talking about,” Tony assured the cat. “You are perfect. Don’t ever change.”
, he added mentally.
Climbing to his feet, Steve dusted himself off. He winced as he made his way back up to the car, as what felt like half the sand on the beach snuck its way into his sneakers. At the edge of the sand, Steve turned back, taking one final look at the sea.
Evie Rose raced into the room in a rumble of feet and flying limbs, skidding to a stop and dramatically throwing herself into the empty chair next to Steve.
When the elevator arrived at the top floor of the penthouse, they headed straight through Tony’s walk-in closet to the bathroom where they began to peel themselves out of their half-dry clothes. Steve grimaced at the cold, wet fabric on his skin, before stifling another yawn. The excitement and adrenaline of the day was beginning to catch up with him, and from Tony’s sluggish movements, he was feeling the same way.
Bruce’s incredulity only increased when Steve explained they had to climb the wall to get into the property.
“Ha ha, you’re hilarious,” Bucky retorted, poking at his eye and wincing. “Rumlow,” he nodded to one of the agents.
“No, here,” Tony sighed, taking out a tissue at pressing it gently to Steve’s cheek. “You are such a mess.”
“Done,” he announced, collapsing onto the floor. The cold leached through his t-shirt, a welcome relief after covering most of the estate in the growing summer heat. His stomach grumbled loudly; Steve sat up with a groan, reaching for his backpack and pulling out the leftover pizza he’d stuffed into a box before leaving that morning.
,” he reminded Tony. “Nothing’s going to be more embarrassing than that.”
“Always,” Steve promised, curling his hand around Tony’s neck and pulling him down.
At the back of seven, Angie shuffled out of her bedroom looking like a badger fresh from hibernation. Wordlessly, Tony handed over a fresh mug of coffee. He learned early on in his stay not to attempt conversation with Angie before she’d downed her first mug of coffee.
“You just don’t know when to give up, do you?” the asshole jeered.
And then Steve was coming with a high whine, his whole body drawn tight.
“Deal,” Tony chuckled.
“Still working on the Mr Stark thing, huh?” Tony smiled. “What did I miss?”
“And we’re doing this for Tony?” Bucky said. “Yeah, that sounds like a good plan.”
“I need a favour,” Clint began, deciding to cut the bullshit. “I need you to do a tattoo removal on Gary in CT so he will do a scan for my patient.”
“What happened?”
Tony held up his hands. “I know you’re not, Clint.”
with Peggy and Daniel, Steve knew, was that they’d both known him for so long, they knew all his worst behaviour and were unrepentant about using it to their advantage. Peggy certainly had no qualms about using a lifetime of friendship to target Steve, however he wasn’t afraid to give as good as he got.
“Why am I the one under attack when they’re the ones fucking 10 feet away?”
Tony waited until Steve was done, then pulled back and made a face. “Tastes weird.”
“Well, you sat down and looked at me. You said you really like having me as a friend and that you respect me.”
“Tony.” Steve sounded relieved to hear him. Huh.
“I’m asking as your Captain, not your husband.” Steve rarely played this card, but sometimes Tony needed a swift kick in the pants to get him to relay the truth.
“Slow your roll,” Tony said. He got back into bed and picked up the remote, flicking on Netflix. “Put your shit in the laundry basket while I pick something.”
I see people are reading them but there's barely any notes (tumblr) or comments here. It's kind of disheartening.
“I had my collateral damage ripped out of my chest a few years back, or did you forget.”
The moment after they reached the grave and folded the flag, Tony trekked to the orange car he’d parked a few feet away earlier that morning. He didn’t say goodbye, didn’t say where he was going; he didn’t know himself.
Miraculously, Steve actually started using the dampeners and taking his medication. Tony had been sure he’d have to fight him, but it worked out perfectly fine.
(See the end of the chapter for
“We were both very drunk. You went
Thanks for reading! Please comment and leave some kudos!
They’d successfully avoided Bruce until now. He’d already been back for three weeks by the time he caught up with them at the drugstore. They were buying nausea combating pills. Toni had been getting worse; par for the course, but horrendous nonetheless.
On her way back to Steve’s, she pulled over and threw up in someone’s lawn. She felt bad for the family that would walk out later that day and see a mashed up pile of regurgitated food but she couldn’t be bothered to care. Besides, it wasn’t her fault. It was the stupid parasite growing inside of her.
“—to the thing?”
Without much hesitation, Steve breeched himself with the toy. Tony didn’t stand a chance. Far too soon he was cumming. Fuck, he wanted this to last longer. What was he supposed to do now? Was he supposed to watch Steve until he finished? Was he supposed to just hang up and let Steve have his next showing? What was the protocol for this? Why had he thought this would be a good idea?
Tony couldn’t take it anymore. He snapped the phone shut. He’d been right. Steve wanted to make amends. Not just make amends. Work things out. Get back together. Maybe. Though Tony was angry and hurt and scared, he never stopped loving Steve. Maybe love wasn’t going to be enough; it often wasn’t. But what if this time it was?
“Who was doing what now?” Bruce grumbled, sitting up, his eyes not open more than slits.
“Hey,” he offered. Phone guy nodded his head in Steve’s direction, indicating he’d heard but couldn’t talk. Steve took that as his cue to leave, his feet finding their places on the pedals.
When he would spend the court-required weekends with Joseph, (he’d stopped thinking of him as “dad” when Joseph had decided to leave his mom for Lindsi, the waitress from Buffalo Wild Wings), Joseph would pat his head and say, “You’re getting tall, kiddo.”
“Well, I’d like to be able to kiss you,” Tony admitted with a blush.
“The parent books all say that he needs to sleep in his crib. I know you know this. You read them.”
“Whatever,” Steve huffed, standing from the table and storming out of the room.
Marriage proposal
“Gotta go, someone just ripped their foot open for me and he’s trying to run away. Hey, wait.”
At the moment, Steve was working. Tony had no problem with Steve’s job; it was Steve who seemed to have the hangups. Steve told Tony that before their relationship, he loved camming and had no problems doing it. He confessed it felt wrong now. As if he were cheating on Tony. No matter how many times Tony had insisted it didn’t both him, Steve refused to believe him.
The third one backhanded the second in the chest. “Nah man, that’s Captain America.”
“So you want me to mess with the serum,” Steve said when Tony was finally finished. “The thing that keeps me alive. That let’s me be Captain America.” A long pause. “That let me live long enough to meet you.”
“You know that’s not what I mean,” Tony pleaded.
“How about…” Tony scooted down the bed, sitting behind Steve and spreading his legs to either side of Steve and pulling him into his chest. “You get into some pajamas.” Tony kissed just below Steve’s ear. “And get into bed with me.” A kiss to the back of the neck. “We’ll put in a movie.” He ran his hands up and down Steve’s abdomen, fingers bumping along the ridges of his abs. “And ignore it,” he purred into Steve’s ear.
4/1/2018 10:32am
“Go away. I hate you.” Tony half-heartedly shoved at Steve. Steve pulled him closer.
Tony cried silently at the table while his friends quietly cleaned dinner up around him.
“How?” Tony chuckled dryly.
Steve, the Steve he’d fallen in love with, was back. Not that he didn’t love Steve always, but the simplicity and routine of what they had now was perfect. He was old and, though he was loath to admit it, wanted to have a low-key relationship with a partner he loved.
You’re awake, too, so don’t judge me.
“No. Real Steve is in Wakanda. You’re dream Steve. I get to be with dream Steve while real Steve is off brooding over his long lost bestie.”
“His lips are moving, what is he saying?"
reply to @cptsteverogers
“What’s wrong?”
@tonystark
“No civilian casualties,” Tony said, emphasizing
“Okay. Thanks.”
@tonystark
Toni left soon after the conversation wound down, leaving Steve home alone with his mom. He was unreasonably terrified of what dinner conversation would be like. Would she lecture him? Awkwardly try to steer the subject to something else? He’d never been nervous around his mom. Ever. The only time he could remember anything close to uncomfortable was when she sat him down and re-gave him the talk once he told her he had a girlfriend.
(See the end of the chapter for
One more ring and it would go to voicemail. He had to hold out for one more ring and then—
Also, wtf New York? Like, that's true. You have to be over 17 to buy day-after...
“Oh, um.”
“I’m going to take such good care of you. I’ll give you sponge baths and help you from room to room. I’ll give you a hand job every morning.”
“I love you. I trust you.”
” Steve hissed.
Tony frowned. “It was a big explosion, babe. Nothing you could do.”
Steve sucked in a breath and Tony tensed. “Ex,” he said after way too long. “That’s… what we are. What you are to me. What I am to you.”
it was Riley, the middle child.
A soft knock on the door yanked Tony from his thoughts. His head hurt but he couldn’t tell if it were a stress headache or a hangover headache. Probably both.
“We’ll get you back to normal and we’ll work everything out then,” Steve explained.
@cptsteverogers
@cptsteverogers: No, Tony, I won’t let them drag your name like that. You’re a great man and I love you.
Please comment.
Tony took a deep break in through his nose, filling his lungs with air until they were practically bursting. The words echoed in his head. “For the most part” excluded him.
(1/4) Today is the last day of March, marking the end of Women’s History Month. We, as a nation, should strive every month, every week, every day to empower and support women.
“How long after sex does it take for a pregnancy test to give accurate results?” It had taken another week and a half to get up the gumption to actually ask his mom the questions he'd been meaning to ask.
“For all I’m glad we’re not the ones under fire here,” Steve said, shuttering the tiniest bit when Tony
“One of the cops is playing Go-Fish with her.”
Putting aside superheroing and donations, Tony has developed prosthetics for amputees, developed and implemented renewable clean energy throughout all of his homes and businesses…
That’s bigger than both of us.”
“I’m okay with it. Maybe at some point, we can give one of your customers a little show with the two of us.” Where was this coming from? Tony knew how to flirt with women but this was uncharted territory. He thought he was doing alright, judging by Steve’s face. Then again, this was his job—to make the customer happy.
Soooooooo, do y'all think Snoot is a boy or a girl?
“We’re all worried about you, hon,” Tony said, rubbing his hand along Steve’s back. That much was true. After the incident, when Steve was off hiding or punching things, the team had sat him down to discuss Steve’s condition. The conversation had gone in circles for almost forty-five minutes before Tony gave up and came to bed.
He peed, washed his hands, and left the en-suite bathroom. His eyes weren’t fully opened yet as he shuffled through the halls of the penthouse. Grumbling, he got in the elevator and hit the button to bring him to the lab. It’s possible he pressed it a little too hard, as it seemed to dent the rim. Oops.
Tony looked up when he heard the soft
Hesitantly, he raised his hand. He wanted to touch Steve. To feel him for a moment. Just a moment. He could touch dream Steve, couldn’t he? What happened in his subconscious stayed there, right?
“Yes.”
Tony hung his head. “I’m only human.”
“Then I asked again if I could kiss you and you said yes. Then we made out on the couch in the middle of the team party for a long time. And I really liked it.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I don’t need your sarcasm.” Bruce was already on his knees, rolling his sleeves up. “What happened?”
don’t tell him but i put mayo in steve’s boston cream donut. #aprilfools
After a moment of silence, Steve opened his mouth, but all that came out was a gust of air.
“Yeah, so that’s why I need you to pick me up."
4/8/2018 6:18am
“Tony… Tony, I’m gonna come,” Steve moaned a few minutes later.
“He’s dead. I killed him.” Tony looked over to see Rhodey had a deep-set frown on his face. “What?”
He proceeded to fuck himself on Tony’s cock. Every once in a while he’d look down and see Tony’s watching everything happen with wide eyes. Steve enjoyed the idea of being vocal during sex, seeing as it didn’t use to be an option.
“Finally.” What a fucking joke.
to know him.
I'm several days behind because I hurt my hand and typing was a bitch. But it's all better and I'm back :D
When Tony rolled over he was expecting to get a face full of super-soldier chest. Instead, he got fur. He wrinkled his nose, the tiny hairs tickling his nostrils, causing him to sneeze. The offended cat meowed viciously but thankfully didn’t scratch. Tony cracked open his eyes to see which of the cretins had taken up residence on his boyfriend’s pillow. Of
Tony didn’t know what to say to that. He was on top of Steve before either of them realized he was still fully clothed. Steve started to strip him. He was much clumsier than Tony and didn’t work nearly as quickly, but he made it out without too much humiliation.
“I won’t tell him if you don’t,” Steve whispered, winking. Sarah mimed zipping her lips.
reply to @smarterthanyou440
There would be days, even weeks, when Steve was the same person Tony remembered from all those years ago, when things were new and exciting and it felt all they needed was love. Then Steve would hit a low, refusing to get out of bed or eat. Then he was manic, screaming and throwing things. Tony rode it out.
“I wanted you to see that he wasn’t a horrible person. That it wasn’t his fault that he did the things he did.”
be. But maybe he was. Everyone else had some distraction besides the movie. Maybe he should get out his phone like Sam. Except then he’d miss parts of the movie and he didn’t want to do that.
Steve watched Tony’s ministrations in silence, wincing when Tony prodded at the tender flesh with tweezers as he fished out tiny pieces of gravel that had taken up residence in Steve’s feet.
“You're alive!” Toni bounced over to Steve, throwing her arms around his neck. He wrapped an arm around her waist and lifted her clear off the ground, pressing a close-mouthed kiss to her lips. “I thought I'd never see you again!”
Steve’s face lit up. “You said that last night but I didn’t want to put words in your mouth today in case you didn’t mean it.”
OH MY GOSH.
“Tisk-tisk,” Steve chided. He’d entered from the bathroom wearing nothing but a towel. He was still dripping wet, his hair disheveled. “You shouldn’t pick favorites.”
His roommate was out. He had the room to himself. He could do this. It wasn’t illegal. People did it all the time. And it wasn’t a
“Didn’t mean to be rude,” the man said. “You’re bleeding on my sidewalk so I should bring you in and clean you up. That’s what I meant to say.”
True to the form of high school students, by second period there were several rumors circulating about Steve's black eye.
“It’s… just tell me. Is Steve your real name?”
reply to @cptsteverogers
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothing bad. I promise,” Steve rushed to assure Tony. “It was very, uh, wow.”
Tony peeled Steve’s pants back before getting on his knees between Steve’s legs. Tony took a deep breath.
Superfamily.
“JARVIS sent me up here,” Bruce said, slightly out of breath. “Said it was emergencies. Tony… I’m really bad with—is that Steve?”
It would be his fault. He would have killed Captain America. His childhood hero and the love of his life.
“Then occupy my mouth with something else.”
reply to @spidermanfanparker
“Who got hurt and how badly?” Steve demanded.
reply to @cptsteverogers
Steve squinted. “Oh.” Dream Steve pushed back the covers. No, that was the opposite of what was supposed to happen. Real Steve would probably leave but dream Steve was supposed to stay even when he put his foot in his mouth.
Tooth-rotting fluff.
Tony sent a CAPTCHA that said “olivesons” which… eh, it was the first one that came up when he googled it.
“Definitely not,” Steve replied instantly.
“You were a paranoid bastard, weren’t you?” Steve muttered.
They left the workshop, filing down the far corridor until they reached another door, also unlocked, and Tony could feel the breeze making its way around the edges of the door.
Yeah, okay, Natasha was maybe, kind of, a little pissed off by Sharon’s continued refusal to talk about their relationship at work. Or be seen together in public. Or to even acknowledge they had a relationship.
They stumbled into the shower, the instantly hot water a blessing Steve was supremely grateful for after his impromptu dip in the North Atlantic. Tony reached past him for the shampoo, squirting a little out into their palms. Steve soaped his hair, ducking his head under the spray to rinse.
“What the fuck?”
He’d never been in that section of the upper floor. Then it was the bedrooms and the hallway.
Then Tony moaned, “Steve,” in a low, almost reverent tone, and that was all it took.
time. Gotta use that energy somehow,” he winked.
“Bobbi, right?”
“Come on,” Steve murmured, bumping Tony’s shoulder with his own before heading across the grass to join Arnie and Ellie. “Easy there, birthday girl,” he laughed as Ellie, stumbled in a circle, sitting down with a heavy bump. Her eyes looked unfocused for a moment then her face brightened up and she grinned up at him.
Steve meant to say
“Come on up.”
Steve bit his lip in a poor attempt to stop himself from grinning like a lunatic. For Tony and for the penthouse, Steve could see himself moving to Manhattan.
“Grad student,” Rhodey nodded. “I’m actually in the Air Force.”
“No. No, we are not doing this,” Tony shook his head.
“Tell him to come in,” Steve said, narrowly avoiding a face-full of water. “Yeah, yeah, you like the bath,” he grouched while Ellie laughed at him.
“All yours honey,” Tony replied, relaxing in Steve’s arms. “All yours.”
“Wanted your help with something,” Clint replied, studying the Mark IV in its case on the far side of the workshop.
Steve’s hands waved in the air for a second before his mind caught up with what was happening. Wrapping his arms around her waist, he stepped closer, feeling her cloth-covered legs wrap around his waist. Fighting the urge to squirm, Steve deepened the kiss, pressing her back into the desk and slipping a hand below her shirt.
And now, onto the story.
Ignoring Tony’s warning, Clint cut through the green wire. Tony winced, but the knot of cables fell apart.
“Sorry,” Steve winced, glancing around. He’d wondered when he returned to Josie’s if he’d be banned for starting a fight just a few hours before, but instead Josie beckoned him up to the bar and handed him a drink without a word. When he tried to pay, she waved him off and told him that it was on the house.
“Uh… I decided it’s time,” Steve said, holding onto Ellie as she leaned down to pat her hands against Tony’s cheeks.
“I fucking hate you,” he whispered. “I hate you so much.”
“Thanks, Tony,” he said.
Suddenly things began to make sense. It explained why Stane had abandoned Tony after the Starks died; because the company was supposed to be his. Steve didn’t know how, considering Tony shouldn’t even exist, but Howard Stark was a rich and powerful man and he’d made no secret of Tony - just the fact that he had a tail - so Steve suspected that Howard had found a way to leave the company to him.
“Thanks Tony,” Steve smiled.
(To this day they still couldn’t agree on who infected who, but Tony remained adamant it wasn’t his fault.)
Emerging from the basement, Steve spotted Tony sitting perched on the edge of the pool with Bruce sitting beside him. He slowed down, trying to respect Tony’s privacy, but Tony spotted him instantly.
“That? Oh, that. Huh. That would be ice cream.”
He glowered at her. Okay, so maybe she’d heard this before.
“To share with you his vision for the future of education is the CEO of Dream Master-”
Ellie babbled at him and Tony nodded seriously.
“We don’t have enough blood to transfuse,” the paramedic argued.
“No, science project,” Steve replied. “She’s doing geothermal energy, so I thought the girls might as well come over and give Peg and Dan a break.”
“Stay away from me! Get off of me!”
“My shield is gonna hit you in the face in a minute,” Bucky grumbled.
Even if he changed his mind pretty quickly once they started watching the news, and the anchors began discussing the “uncanny” similarities between the Dreadnoughts and the Iron Man suit.
He batted the drunk’s fist away like it was nothing, doing something fancy with his hands, and the next thing Scott knew, Stark had the drunk bent forward, his arm twisted on his back.
“Really?” Steve snorted.
“Tony…”
“Leave it,” he said. “It usually stays up here and it’s not supposed to rain tonight anyway.”
He was brushing his teeth when he heard footsteps approach; a few seconds later Steve appeared, rubbing his eye and yawning.
Tony reached out, cupping the back of Steve’s neck and leaning forward to press his lips to his temple. That realisation was something that had haunted his dreams for the past two months.
“What exactly are you implying?”
But Alexander was still talking.
“I don’t really know anything about business,” Steve said, “But doesn’t that mean they need him to make… any decisions?”
MJ was still waiting for him so Tony pushed the lack of keys to the back of his mind.
“Hey,” Steve said, taking in Tony’s rumpled suit and his eyes, tight and tired, although they softened when they fell on Ellie.
“Does he do nachos?” MJ asked, playing with a thread on her cuff.
“Okay,” Tony nodded. “Real estate lawyer. Surveyor. And a good bank if you need a mortgage.”
Steve moved to the couch before replying,
“Whatever,” Bucky waved him off. “What went wrong?”
“No, I’m not,” Steve scowled.
A fist smacked into his jaw with a crunch. Tony groaned and let his head fall forward. When he spat on the ground, there were a couple of teeth in the bloody mix.
“I need a minute,” Tony confessed.
“You need a new tailor,” Tony informed him. “And by new, I mean a tailor, any tailor, because that amount of polyester is making my-”
“Fine,” Steve replied, his suspicion growing. “What’s this about?”
Tony unlocked the door to their apartment, holding it open before turning to lock it once Steve was inside. “So, I was thinking, how about I make dinner? Then you can-”
“No,” Tony replied, dropping the slices of bread into the skillet. “No, I’ll just ignore it. Deleting the profile makes it look like they got to me. I’ll just ignore it.”
“Just like you,” Steve whispered, feeling the phantom pain of her hand swatting his shoulder as she scoffed in disbelief. He thought the apartment would be their forever home, but forever ended only a year later.
“Oh, you don’t want an old man there ruining all your fun,” Arnie laughed.
“Cool. What are you studying?”
“Extra chillies. Please.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Darting across the bedroom to the bedside cabinet, he retrieved the lube before climbing up onto the mattress, straddling Steve’s thigh. Drizzling lube onto his hand, he smiled down at Steve, who nodded encouragingly. Wrapping his hand around Steve’s dick, he stroked him to full hardness, a shiver running through him with every groan punched from Steve’s lips.
“It’s coming back to me,” Steve grinned. “Do you need to sit down?”
“Yeah. I remember,” Steve replied slowly.
“Sir, move back. Give us some space,” the second paramedic called.
They sat quietly for a while, reacquainting themselves with each other.
“Oh sorry, I’m interrupting, I’ll go,” Tony stammered. Steve was about to protest, to tell him to stay, but Bucky spoke first.
Tony sighed, “He’s important to you. You thought he was gone and now he’s back and I don’t want to stand in the way of that. What happened to Howard and my mother, that wasn’t Bucky. We don’t blame Clint for what happened on the Helicarrier, right?” he looked up at Steve pleadingly.
“Maybe later,” Steve said. “You hungry?”
“Not a chance,” Bucky said around a mouthful of bread.
“Uh-huh,” Bucky drawled. “So if it’s not, and you’re not, what is it? You sweet on him or something?”
Steve sighed bodily, pinching the bridge of his nose. He didn’t get stress headaches anymore thanks to the serum, but he could remember what they felt like. This felt like a stress headache situation. “Tony, we had a whole conversation about this. You are absolutely within your rights to get used to Bucky being here in your own way, but avoidance won’t help.”
“So you and Tony,” he began, grinning when Steve promptly choked and handing him a glass of water, “You’re awfully cosy for two guys not sleeping together.”
Steve lifted his book up off his chest to make space for Tony to flop down on top of him in a swirl of expensive fabric. “You’ve mentioned that. Once or twice.”
They lapsed back into silence, Tony’s music and the bots beeping the only sounds in the lab.
“Yeah?” Tony turned his head so he could see Steve.
Six weeks after Bucky moved in, Tony went to another gala. He was tired when he got home, as always, so he asked JARVIS to take him to wherever Steve was, as always. He liked their routine, liked knowing that there was someone waiting up for him when he got home who he could whine at and who would cuddle him to sleep. He stumbled out of the elevator when the doors slid open and honed in on Steve’s position like a missile. Steve was laid on the couch watching something on TV so Tony made a beeline for him and dropped down on top of him, as always.
“No, stay. I’ll let you in on a Stevie secret, c’mere.”
“I have. I like to think I know you very well. Which is why you’re coming to movie night tonight. Bucky will be there but you can sit in the dark and ignore each other.”
Steve gently took hold of the finger that was in his face. “I’m light on my feet. You’re done avoiding me.”
Tony gasped dramatically, “Oh you fight dirty. I’m calling a press conference. The world will be shocked, shocked I tell you.”
“What if I say no?” Tony replied.
There had been a time, early on in their acquaintance, when Steve’s threats of carrying Tony were enough to make him do whatever it was he didn’t want to. Now though, it was a genuine question rather than a threat,
“Won’t Bucky think it’s weird?” Tony asked in a small voice.
Tony looked at him thoughtfully, “Why? It’s not a no just, why?”
“Yeah, had some stuff to think through,” Steve admitted, nudging his head into Tony’s hand when he stopped with the petting.
“And that’s it?” Bucky looked skeptically at Steve, “Nothing more to it than cuddle buddies?”
Bucky ran a comforting hand down his back, “Way I see it kid, you and me have lived through far stranger than you fallin’ for a guy. Us both being here, now, is more important than anything.”
“I wondered what the burning smell was from,” Bucky said. “Do you want to talk about it?”
“If it would be possible I guess. Never really thought about Tony like that, never really thought about anyone other than Peggy like that, but then Sam said some stuff too and it got me thinking,” Steve said with a sigh.
Steve grinned up at him, “Did you want me for something when you came up earlier?”
“Old?” Steve squawked, flipping them easily to pin Tony to the mattress. Tony wriggled happily beneath him, “Who are you calling old?”
Bucky sighed the sigh of the much put upon, “Are you telling me that you’ve never even thought about it? He’s a good looking fella, Stevie.”
Steve rolled his eyes at Tony, glared at Bucky, then laid down so he was in Tony’s lap. It took him a minute to settle, usually they were the other way around with Tony in his lap, but he was quickly comfortable.
“You sure? You look like you’ve been thinking deep thoughts,” Bucky said, shifting to get comfortable on the sofa cushions.
Steve huffed a laugh against him.
That set the pattern for the next few weeks. Tony would turn up to whatever team-building thing was happening and sit beside anyone who was furthest away from Bucky. He would ignore everyone and glare, but he was there. Steve was taking little victories wherever he could, but he was missing his friend.
“Yeah ok, you sound like you’ve sprung a leak. C’mere,” Bucky stretched his arm out towards Steve. Steve huffed but went where he was directed, ending up laid on his stomach with his head in Bucky’s lap. Bucky buried his fingers in Steve’s hair and began gently drawing patterns across his shoulders with his other hand. It was a familiar position for them, but not one they’d adopted since the 1940s. Tears sprung unbidden in Steve’s eyes as he settled into his friend’s embrace, feeling completely safe for the first time in decades. Bucky noticed and gently thumbed a tear away from his cheek. “Oh Stevie, you’ve got yourself into a state haven’t you?” he asked softly. Steve sniffed and buried his face into Bucky’s stomach.
Steve let Tony have a few moments to think about what he’d just said.
“I am happy Tony,” Steve said. “My brother, who I thought I’d lost forever, has come back to me. I get to live here with a crazy group of superheroes who have somehow become my family, and I spend my days with the smartest guy on the planet who, it turns out, has a heart of gold.”
“Why aren’t you freaked out about this?” Steve asked after a while.
It was quiet for a while, Tony decompressing from an evening of being on show and Steve concentrating on his book. Steve could feel the tension slowly draining out of Tony and the tiredness taking over. When he heard the telltale little snuffles that Tony made when he was falling asleep, Steve roused him.
He was back to chest with Steve, held securely in his arms. Tony wriggled to turn over and was greeted with the lovely sight of Steve with a bedhead. “Not that I’m complaining in the slightest, but I don’t normally wake up all snuggly with you. Didn’t fancy a run this morning?” he asked.
“He did. Think he’s having a harder time with reality than the theory,” Steve replied.
A few days later Steve was sketching on the sofa in Tony’s lab while Tony did something complicated to his armour. They’d been ignoring each other happily for most of the afternoon so Steve was a little startled when Tony spoke.
“Alright look, when I came out of the ice everything was difficult.” he began, “I was angry, hurting, nothing made sense, I kept getting thrust in these bizarre situations and in the middle of all this, there was a damned alien invasion and Tony flying a nuclear warhead into space. It was a strange time. I was so angry Buck, all the time. Tony and I fought constantly, guess I was too hung up on him not being Howard and he was hung up on, well, a lot of shit that Howard put him through in my name.” Steve took a breath and ran his fingers through his hair.
They fell asleep curled together.
“Don’t think you’re getting out of this conversation just because your boy’s cute, punk.” Bucky waggled a finger at Steve.
“Anything I can help with?”
Bucky had reappeared when the food arrived and they’d all eaten together, Bucky shooting Steve smug little looks whenever he thought he could get away with it. Steve had mostly ignored him and only kicked him in the ankle once. Now, Steve and Tony were chatting easily in Steve’s bed, Tony draped over Steve’s chest and gesturing emphatically with his free hand. Steve caught it gently before Tony accidentally whacked him with it, holding it over his heart instead. He was warm, well-fed and suddenly filled with such love for the remarkable man currently using him as a pillow.
“Anything I can help with?” Tony asked.
“Two of you close, Stevie?” Bucky asked, a mischievous glint in his eye, “Been holding out on me there?”
“I think it’s none of my business what the two of you get up to behind closed doors.” Sam said, “But you guys are more married than a lot of married couples I know.”
Steve was quiet for a while, taking that in. “I guess I don’t know any married couples to compare us to,” he said eventually.
“Avoidance is practically my middle name.” Tony snarked, “You have met me, right?”
“Italian?”
“Idiot,” Steve huffed, tugging on their joined hands until Tony crawled down the sofa and into his lap. “You’re important to me Tony. You were my first friend in the future, you taught me how to live here and how to actually enjoy doing so. Your happiness is every bit as important as my own.”
“You’re gonna take my place and I’m gonna show you where Stevie’s off switch is. I’m sure you’d like to know where his on switch is but- oof!” Bucky gasped for breath as Steve swatted him in the stomach. “Yeah alright ya big lug, sit up a minute so Tony can sit down.”
“I don’t expect you to be fine with it, Tony. This is your home, you should be comfortable here.”
Steve dragged him closer, “Will you stop making decisions for me? Please? I don’t want to stop this.”
Bucky moved into the Tower.  Tony spent the first two weeks hiding in his lab, only emerging when he had JARVIS’s assurances that he wasn’t about to run into any unexpected supersoldiers in the kitchen. At the end of the second week, Steve conspired with JARVIS to ambush Tony while he had his head in the fridge.
“Right, that’s a good start,” Bucky continued his gentle ministrations, “Things are different now Stevie, nobody is going to arrest you if you like men. You know that right? Fury has a file and everythin’, it was a very uncomfortable seminar for everyone,”
Steve opened one eye, suspicious of what Bucky was planning but too comfortable to move. Tony took a step towards them, intrigued as always by secrets.
“C’mon, bedtime for billionaires.”
Tony leaned into Steve and played idly with his fingers. Steve nosed gently at his temple and kissed his forehead softly.
Tony squirmed to get away from Steve’s hand and only succeeded in banging his head on something. He hissed in pain but refused to move, “I’m very busy, can’t stop.” he said instead.
“Just, when Bucky moves in-” Tony began.
“Yeah, maybe. Bucky noticed how close Tony and I are and he asked me about our relationship.” Steve said, slowing his pace to something more comfortable for conversation.
“Hmm, good idea- wait. Bucky.” Tony then swore colourfully. “I’m supposed to be avoiding you! How did I get here?”
“Yeah. Made me think is all.”
“You said Tony wanted me to move in here,” Bucky said one afternoon as he and Steve were working through his PT.
Steve just raised his eyebrow and gestured to their current position.
Tony nodded, “I’m not saying it won’t be hard, and I don’t know how I’ll cope seeing him around at first, but I want you to be happy.”
“Look, as long as the two of you are happy with how things are, then that’s all that matters. Come on, you owe me breakfast.”
Tony’s shoulders slumped. “Fine, I’ve been avoiding you. I didn’t want to interrupt the honeymoon.”
“I’m just saying, you and I were plenty close back in the day and you never looked at me the way you look at him.”
“Jeez Buck, can you not?” Steve coughed out.
“Nah, was just looking for you. Haven’t seen you in a few days,” Tony said, idly playing with a lock of Steve’s hair.
“Sorry Sam, got a lot on my mind.” Steve apologised.
“I’m just saying Cap, the two of you on a Pride float next year? You’d make a lot of people very happy.”
“Why? There’s plenty of room here. I thought you’d want him close by.” Tony said from inside the torso of his armour.
“Only teenage you?” Steve asked.
“Probably,” Steve agreed, pulling Tony into his arms.
Tony turned up to movie night. He ignored the space on the couch with the two supersoldiers and dropped down beside a startled Clint instead, squashing himself into a non-existent space. He glared everyone into submission, apart from Steve who just raised an eyebrow at him, and promptly ignored everyone through the movie.
“Yeah, well…” was all Tony said, still hidden in his armour.
Steve could feel Tony trying to curl into himself in his lap. “Oh sweetheart, no. I don’t want to stop being close with you unless you don’t want it any more.” he wrapped his arms more tightly around Tony and held him closer.
Tony sighed but didn’t argue any further, instead allowing himself to be cuddled.
They grinned at each other for a moment, then Steve held out his hand. Tony took it and tangled their fingers together.
Tony groaned again. “I don’t see why I have to play nice with idiots just to get their money. They should give to the Foundation because it’s a good cause, not because they talked to me for five minutes at a fancy dinner.”
“Yeah, a bit,” Steve admitted. “He’s relentless when he thinks I’m hiding something from him.”
“Was he uncomfortable with how you two are?” Sam asked.
“You’re a creep, do you know that?” Steve glared at him but then sighed. “If I talk to you about this will you stop ragging me about it?”
“Hey kid,” Bucky greeted later, startling Steve from his thoughts.
Tony settled his hand over Steve’s heart and smiled fondly down at him. “Are you kidding? Most of New York would kill to have a half naked supersoldier in their lap for an evening. Teenage me is very happy right about now.”
“Yeah, but only bigots and idiots and we all know that they don’t count.”
“Talk to me about why you want Bucky to move in here,” Steve asked, squeezing Tony’s fingers.
“OK firstly, Bucky is not and has never been my boyfriend. I love the guy, no denying that, but he’s my brother. He was my first protector and the reason that I survived long enough to get the serum and I will move heaven and earth for him but as a brother. Understand?” Steve waited for Tony’s nod. “Thank you. Secondly, yes I absolutely do want him close by but Tony, I’d never expected to move him in here after what happened to your parents.” At that, Tony shifted uncomfortably. “This is your home, I don’t expect you to share it with anyone who brings back bad memories or makes you uncomfortable in any way, Bucky included.”
Steve stroked a finger down the line of Tony’s nose. “Because you make me happy. Because I always want to be where you are. Because you’re gorgeous.”
Steve rolled over so he could look up into Bucky’s beloved face. “OK.”
“And what exactly are you hiding from him?” Tony poked.
“He might, but if he does then we’ll talk about it.”
Tony woke the next morning wrapped in the delicious heat of a supersoldier. He hummed happily and stretched out on the mattress.
“Yeah we’re close,” Steve admitted softly. He could feel Bucky’s assessing gaze raking over them.
“Nope, I’ve got you shirtless and Bucky here’s promised me secret knowledge,” Tony said, taking Bucky’s place on the sofa, “Lie down, soldier.”
Steve shrugged, not meeting Bucky’s concerned gaze, “Guess I’ve just been thinking about what you said the other night, about me and Tony.”
“Pepper runs your company, we haven’t had a call out in 18 days, and annoying Fury is something that you do as naturally as breathing.” Steve countered.
“Nope, out. Don’t make me get DUM-E, he hasn’t used his fire extinguisher in a while and I’m sure he’d love the chance to practice.” Steve threatened.
“Uh-huh,” Steve replied, knowing an empty threat when he heard one.
Steve sighed and put his sketchbook aside. “Will you come out of there and talk to me?” he asked.
“OK punk, here’s what we’re going to do. You’re going to let me up because your fat head’s been resting on my bladder for the last half hour and let me tell you, that’s not comfortable. Then I’m going to come back and we’re going to get comfortable on this sofa and you’re going to let me spoil you for a bit. OK?”
“I hate galas,” Tony replied, burrowing as close to Steve as he could get.
After a morning of meetings for Steve and therapy for Bucky, they met up for lunch. Bucky waited for Steve to have a mouthful of chicken before pouncing.
Steve felt one of Tony’s hands settle in his hair and the other on his back. “Not too hard and not too soft, and if he’s particularly stressed use your nails and he’ll be putty in your hands in no time.”
“Oh, boo hoo, the superhero billionaire doesn’t have anyone to sleep with.”
Working on a hunch, Tony looked up the Guiletta on AIS, staring at her dark blue dot in the Hudson, inching towards the Atlantic.
Steve lifted his head, taking in Tony’s passive expression as he tried to pretend he was entirely nonchalant about the whole thing.
“Steve, look at yourself,” Tony cried. “You’re bleeding!”
“Hey, do you wanna get something to eat?”
“Or skip the date and go straight to hot monkey sex,” Marci finished.
Steve’s eyes flickered to the audience, where the vultures were leaning forward, smelling gossip on the horizon and determined not to miss out on anything important. He took a deep breath, focusing on keeping his face blank.
, and
“I’m glad to see that the two years we spent living off of instant noodles so you could afford med school paid off.”
Natasha pressed play and the video sprang into life: Sharon was sitting up in bed, supported by several pillows and scowling.
“Is it hot in here?” Tony wondered.
“Alright,” Bucky clapped his hands together. “What’ve we got?”
“No, you’re not.”
“If I was going to kill you, don’t you think I would’ve done it after you passed out when we were in bed together? And trust me, I’m not the one you have to worry about stabbing you.”
“See you tomorrow,” Bruce called, before disappearing over the other side.
From the expression on Pepper’s face, she didn’t know what that decision was.
“Okay, here’s what we’re going to do, Clint. We’re going to take all of this stuff outside. We’re going to set it on the curb. We’re getting in a cab and we’re going to go buy you all new stuff. I’ll even pay for it. Call it an early Christmas present.”
“What? No, we agreed we weren’t going to do gifts,” Tony frowned. “We said no gifts, we’d spend the money in Singapore. You know, holiday. Vacation. Leaving in less than six hours.”
“Don’t knock it,” Bucky called, before returning to his conversation with Matt. “It worked.”
“And there was this kid, he must’ve been at least three years older than me,” Steve continued. “And he was making fun of me because I couldn’t tie my shoelaces, calling me a baby, calling me stupid. And I took that about as well as you can imagine.”
“I did not. I don’t think anyone does. I mean, if Clint knew then everyone would know which is why we
“Hi Evie Rose!” Tony laughed.
Following Arno’s diagnosis with Tay-Sachs, Howard Stark withdrew from public life, working from the mansion and leaving the everyday running of his company to CFO Obadiah Stane. Arno Stark died in 1992, turning Howard into a recluse, living at home with his younger son, Tony.
“That’ll do it,” she nodded. “Thanks, Maria. Nice shoes, by the way.”
“Deal,” Steve grinned.
“How are you doing?” Natasha asked, letting herself into Lorna’s room.
The doors to the courtroom opened and they filed in, claiming seats in the second row on the prosecutor’s side of the courtroom. Pretty soon the gallery was full. Everyone wanted a glimpse of the man who had tried to take down the Avengers.
Steve twisted in his seat, staring at Tony as though he’d gone crazy.
A microphone was shoved into his face.
“No, I’m not,” he replied. “I mean, this whole thing started because my friends thought I needed help dating. Why, are you?”
“I’m a witch’s cat. Duh.”
“You’re bleeding again,” Tony murmured once they were in the elevator.
“Mr Stane. What are, uh, what are you doing here?” Steve stammered.
“So I’m not crazy?” Jessica asked, her voice wobbling and Bruce experienced a surge of protectiveness, despite the fact she had nearly ten years on him.
“No,” Stane said eventually, throwing Steve momentarily off balance. “Tony isn’t around. He was never made for this world.”
“Just in case there’s a welcoming committee on the other side of this,” Bucky whispered, “How many weapons do we have?”
Clint glanced over his shoulder; Stark was leaning on the other side of the nurses’ station, his head tilted to the side, frowning at Steve.
“Great,” Steve deadpanned. “Guess what I’m playing today? Hunt the generator.”
“I believe you,” Bruce replied instantly. “Are you menstruating?”
Steve smiled. “Sounds amazing.”
“I’m her friend,” he continued, pushing his red tinted glasses further up his nose. Bruce noticed the white cane he was carrying for the first time. “And I’m a lawyer. Matt Murdock.”
In the early hours of the morning, Tony blinked awake, wondering what caused him to wake up. He reached out, expecting to find Steve next to him, only to find empty sheets.
“Mrs Borson, what are you doing?”
An office.
“It’s Alexander Pierce.”
“Oh.”
“Me?” Sharon glanced at her. “Wait, you want me to go with you?”
“Yeah. Fine,” Tony flashed him a smile but Steve’s instincts told him it was a lie. “Get settled in okay?”
“Alright, dumbass,” he muttered to himself. “What’s next?”
“Wait, what?” Tony frowned, even as he breathed a sigh of relief. “Who is your father?”
(Okay, the last one didn’t really count.)
“Hi,” Steve replied, while Tony threw them a wave. “How’d it go?”
“Who are they? The person you’re trying not to think about.”
Tony’s mouth twisted into a wry smile; he ran his thumb around the edge of his mug, before taking a sip of coffee.
Natasha nodded.
“I think it looks like a mangy possum,” Tony retorted. “Get rid of it, or we tie you down and shave it off like we did with Thor’s soul patch.”
Wait.
“Look at you,” Arnie murmured. “Look at you. Steve, I… I don’t even know what to say.”
“I am not having breakfast with Dodgy Darren!”
Tony flashed him a strained smile. “Yeah. But then I started thinking. Wondering. If I’d ever felt like I belonged anywhere. And I realised, the only time I felt like I belonged was when I was with you.”
“Me? I’m going back to bed.”
Tony was okay. He was okay.
Despite knowing time was against them, Steve lingered in the doorway, staring back at Tony and holding his gaze for a good minute before finally tearing himself away.
But considering that out of the four other occupants of the apartment, three of them were small children, he thought he had a right to panic.
@tonystark
Steve fell asleep with a smile on his face.
. Ew ew ew.
“Okay.”
Comment and kudo! Let me know!
“Nothing good,” Steve reminded, as if Tony could have forgotten.
Steve walked to Tony’s side of the bed and leaned over, kissing him on the lips chastely. “You’re my favorite, too. Scooch over.”
“Head shrinkers don’t know what’s what,” Steve complained when Tony picked him up after his five-day stay.
“I took advantage of you! You just looked so good and I was gone enough that I was going to let myself have this one selfish thing. It was stupid and wrong of me.”
Tony watched in horror as blindfolded Steve swerved back and forth between the rails on the boardwalk, then glided straight into the ocean. It was pathetic. How could he be this bad at this game?
Steve noticed that Tony’s eyes were slowly closing, the post orgasmic haze setting in. “How about after we take a nap.”
Tony is my best friend. I know ~everything~
Things had been going well between the two. They were happy and Tony, for the first time in any of his relationships, took Steve’s word for things. Instead of ignoring or deflecting the tender
4/1/2018 8:18am
Weakly, Tony pointed out that Steve was his most stable in battle. Wanda shot down that sentiment moments later, saying that it was just one slip up that could be life and death for all of them.
Dismounting the bike, he walked it up the short driveway and put the kickstand down just before they went in the door. The man crossed the threshold but Steve stayed put.
5/17/2018 11:15am
wif all your hearts. How many hearts do you and Daddy have?” Sarah’s bottom lip began to wobble.
“Rile,” Tony grumbled, pushing at the cat. “Go away.”
Steve smiled a warm smile, almost like sunshine. Tony could almost feel it through the screen. It was intimate. It was everything.
“Oh, don’t worry. We’ll be teasing you about this for the foreseeable future,” Bucky assured.
“Sarah Maria Stark-Rogers.” Steve threatened. “We talked about this. James is your brother and he is family.” He got down on one knee to be at Sarah’s height. “Baby,” he said, much softer. He cupped her face with his hand. “I know it’s hard having a new baby in the house. I know it’s hard that you have to share your Daddy and me.” Sarah looked down, ashamed. “You know that we still love you with all of our hearts.”
It was always a little weird, shoving his fingers in his own ass, but his body adjusted quickly and it didn’t take nearly as long as it would for someone else. Tony looked on in amazement as Steve fucked himself with his fingers.
@cptsteverogers: I thought you liked when I swore??
5/17/2018 12:50
reply to @cptsteverogers
4/6/2018 6:37pm
“How do you know what she likes?” Tony scooched back as he spoke, making room for Steve. The taller man climbed in and wrapped the blankets around himself. He kissed Tony’s jaw.
swear
“I was talking to Jemma.” Toni and Steve were sprawled out on her bed, half clothed and sharing a blunt. “She’s never cum. Came? She’s never orgasmed, is the point I’m getting at.”
This was his fault. The dampeners had backfired; something regressed in Steve’s brain. Fuck, what if Steve
“You’re moaning like a whore,” Tony commented.
was a fractured skull,” Steve interrupted.
This one is for Eve (starspangledsprocket here and on Tumblr). Happy birthday, bish.
Why the hell not. Time to spill his guts on the internet to a stranger. Honestly, he had nothing to lose. If the guy was going to take some sort of snapshot or send the info to a reporter, he would have done it already.
“I know…” He trailed off again. “This wasn’t how it was supposed to happen for him.”
Tony clenched his eyes shut. “Rogers. Don’t act like you thought I was going to call you and beg you to come back.” Except he knew that Steve thought that. What’s more, he knew Steve was right for thinking that. Tony had been on the brink of doing it every night—fear for the possibility of Steve saying no was the only thing keeping him from doing so.
Bruce was performing CPR, which didn’t seem to have an effect on Steve. God, no. Please, no. “Goddammit Steve,” Tony shouted. Or thought he shouted. The room was going fuzzy around the edges. His breath was caught in his chest. His hands were numb. Heart attack? Worse, a panic attack. There were medications for heart attacks but he would just have to ride this out.
“That’s not necessary,” Steve muttered to himself. “He’s not going to do anything to you. Why can’t you just let him go?”
“Then what’s wrong with me?”
When Steve woke to a dry throat and a stuffy nose, he popped a couple of Sudafed and headed off to work, taking care to drink plenty and eat lots of fruit to boost his vitamins, hoping to stave off the inevitable as long as possible.
“You’re a natural,” Tony murmured. He looked up, and found Steve staring at him. Were Steve’s eyes always so blue? Had he simply failed to notice before? “Steve-”
Steve stared at his phone.
“Hey Steve,” Daniel grinned. “Welcome to the madhouse. It’s even madder than usual.”
Trust him. Steve didn’t really trust anyone. Except maybe Bucky.
The voice was now screaming in his head to walk away, to stop, to
“No,” Zoey shook her head stubbornly. Then she yawned again. “Maybe a little,” she admitted, before Steve or Tony could call her on it.
Natasha chuckled. “I have some news for you. I took a look at Lorna’s x-ray, and her arm is broken. But it’s a clean break, minor fracture, so once we get it set, you’ll be good to go.”
“Hey, sweetheart,” Steve grinned.
“Yeah, she’s pretty talented like that,” Steve agreed. “First time I saw her, I realised that I might be in the future, but everything was going to be okay. If I had her.”
When the elevator doors opened, Tony ran out, tugging off his tie as he scrambled up the stairs and burst into the lab. JARVIS, bless his binary heart, already had the trace running on Steve’s watch ready for him onscreen.
“Friends,” Thor called, reappearing and vaulting easily over a pile of detritus. “The exits are all blocked.”
Their eyes locked. Suddenly Steve understood what it was like for Bucky when Steve was a kid, running headfirst into a fight he couldn’t win and why Bucky always pulled the other kids off of him and took the punch himself. Tony was so vulnerable.
To his surprise, Tony did. He took Steve’s face in his hands, his eyes flickering down to his lips before leaning in and brushing their lips together.
“Are you May Parker?” Sharon asked. “Peter’s aunt?”
Steve shook his head and let out a bitter laugh. “She told me to
’s to Happy. Angie skipped ahead, dancing up the front steps with more grace than Steve would posses in his lifetime before disappearing inside.
“Ga!” Ellie beamed.
Steve grinned, glancing between their expressions: Ellie’s confused and vaguely mistrusting, and Tony’s completely awestruck one. He reached out and tickled the bottom of Ellie’s foot until she wriggled and giggled, a sound that went straight to Steve’s heart every time he heard it.
“You keep believing that,” Tony grinned, leaning in to kiss him.
The past few weeks had been a whirlwind, between taking over the company, the investigation into Stane’s death when his body was found by a group of urban explorers, and starting therapy with Dr. Cho. Steve’s head was spinning. Whenever he needed to take some time out and just breathe, he went to the beach. Any beach, preferably one that didn’t have too many people around, clinging to his last thread of connection with Tony.
“Should’ve seen that coming?” Clint choked.
Tony held out his hand; Steve flicked the cap open, drizzling it over Tony’s fingers before dropping the bottle and holding onto Tony’s shoulders, shuffling forward on his knees.
They leaned in. Tony brushed Steve’s lips with his own, breathing him in.
“Can you identify him?”
“Maybe,” he admitted grudgingly.
When he returned to the booth, Marci turned to Tony with a knowing smirk, one eyebrow quirked, in an expression to make grown men and hardened DAs tremble. Tony took a sip of his beer, eyeing her warily.
“I don’t even know how to respond to that,” Tony replied.
Tony’s breath hitched and he came, the muscles in his arms trembling as he shuddered through the aftershocks, before falling onto the mattress, pressed along Steve’s side with his face mashed into the pillow.
“An actual date sounds great,” Steve interrupted. “I’m free pretty much any time until September, so it’s whatever works for you.”
alerted them to their arrival at the penthouse. Tony pulled back, smiling brightly, and pulled Steve out of the elevator.
“Honestly, it would be pretty normal for me to be in the ER.”
Then he looked at the list, sitting there, taunting him, and decided it was time to tick something off. He grabbed his boots and his jeans, stripping out of his old t-shirt into a clean one.
He’d been famous since birth; he knew how to avoid being recognised if he didn’t want to be by now.
Steve laughed. “Are they?”
Tony pursed his lips. “I’ll be right back.” His brain itched and he needed something to soothe it, a smoke or a drink or a-
“What is it?” Steve asked, feeling the familiar twist of anxiety settle into his gut.
Steve unlocked his phone, bringing up the app with shaking hands. The bright red one hovered over the chat icon, drawing him in.
“Then I’m honoured.”
“Somewhere in the grounds,” Tony corrected.
He turned towards the door, exchanging a nod with Ari before they took a door each and threw them open.
“You’re a dick, you know that?” Steve huffed, but there was a smile fighting its way onto his face because in truth, he really had missed this. And with Bucky gone, it was a relief to have Arnie here even if it was only for a little while.
But it still hurt, some nights, knowing that the news you were going to give someone was bad.
“Okay… With what?”
“Our first move is a cease and desist letter,” Marci explained. “We’ll make it sound intimidating and for some people that’s enough for them to get scared and quit it.”
“Good luck,” Hope added, which was a good touch. They should let Steve know there were no hard feelings; it was just about doing what was right.
“God, Steve,” Tony rasped in his ear, his breath raising goosebumps on Steve’s neck. “I’ve wanted this all night, Jesus, you looked so fucking beautiful.”
“What about you?” Tony asked, running his fingers over Steve’s knuckles. “What did you do today?”
“On disciplinary action, no less,” Hank continued. “Can’t be all that if they sent him home in the middle of a war.”
“Hey Last of the Mohicans?” Tony called quietly, his voice hoarse. Clint raised his head, his forehead creased in a frown. “You okay?” Tony asked. “She didn’t get you, did she?”
The truth was, he just wasn’t looking for a relationship.
He really wanted to kiss Steve.
“Oh, hey!” Clint called out cheerfully.
Steve laughed. But his stomach jumped at the idea of marrying Tony, and it wasn’t in the bad way either.
If you're not ready to say goodbye to this verse just yet, I have good news: I've already started working on part 2. This is now part of a series so head over there to subscribe to the series to know as soon as I start posting.
“Dear God. It’s worse than I thought,” Hank groaned. “Now I’m agreeing with Lang.”
Tony frowned at him, aware that the rest of the table was also watching Steve with various levels of confusion. Even Lucky’d stopped snuffling at the final piece of pizza.
“Wait! No- Cap!”
“I’m pregnant. Just before we got together, I hooked up with this guy. Things happened, and it turns out more things happened than I planned. That’s why I didn’t want to go to your parents’ anniversary party.”
She nodded. “See you then.”
“See? She knows she’s cute,” Tony beamed.
cool.”
But then something smacked him on the head and Tony had one last thought before falling unconscious.
“For those of us who don’t speak boat?”
“Okay,” Natasha replied, raising her eyebrows. “Whatever you say, Bruce.”
And it was stupid the way the nickname made his eyes fill with tears, but it did. Tony gulped for air.
“Yeah,” he replied, keeping his face impassive. “Lots of plans. So many that I don’t know where to start.”
Then Tony leaned in, and Steve’s eyes fell shut as their lips touched. Steve’s hands pawed at Tony’s chest, until he managed to catch the collar of his t-shirt with one, the other fisting at his waist and tugging him closer. The kiss was gentle and relatively chaste; at least it was, until Steve managed to catch Tony’s lower lip, sucking on it gently.
“My nieces and children I may not have met before are in there,” Steve pointed out. “Once they go to bed, then I can be half naked again.”
“Wow.”
Steve longed to cry out but he didn’t dare. He couldn’t risk distracting Tony.
Steve stared at it, trying to place when this happened. Then it came back to him in a rush; it was from their first dance of the night, when they were joking about meeting in a club.
“So, uh, when I moved in here I thought this was the place where I’d be a husband and have kids,” he said, watching his toe run across the floor to avoid looking at Angie. “Things, uh, well, they didn’t exactly work out as planned and I got you instead.”
A red cloud appeared in the water, tendrils snaking out across the pool and Steve felt like he was going to throw up. He clutched his phone, the edge of the plastic case digging into his fingers, but he couldn’t think of anything but the refrain of
Steve rolled his eyes and pointed to the scarf. “That one. Obviously.”
“I agree with the need for conservation, and I can see the benefit of certain zoos. But I don’t agree with animals being used for entertainment,” Bruce said as they reached the foot of the garden. He smiled up at Steve. “Well. Steve. Good to see you again.”
Arno Stark.
“Fuck, you’re beautiful,” Tony murmured. “So beautiful and perfect and I am the luckiest man in the world because you chose me.”
“I like this plan,” Bruce said.
“Pants off,” Tony whispered.
Steve winced. “You’re hurting me.”
“Everything I’ve gone through,” Steve explained slowly, trying to find the right words to explain how he felt and ignoring the creeping sensation of wrong crawling up his spine. “It’s… it’s hard to put it aside sometimes. I’m not so good at letting people in. But I want to be better at it. With you. I like it when we work together.”
“I don’t want to have to rely on you financially. That’s not fair.”
“What happened?”
“Yeah...” Steve frowned, eyeing Julie Wilson as her gaze fell on Steve once more. “Right.”
“And now I’m leaving,” Bucky said. “See you guys later.”
“Oh yeah. He’s cute,” Rhodey nodded.
“Shit,” Steve grumbled.
“Yes,” Pepper replied.
“Sorry, honey,” Steve smiled.
He sprinted towards the door, was almost there when Stane’s hand clamped around his wrist like a vice with a strength that almost yanked him off of his feet. Maybe if Steve had ever taken Bucky up on his offer of lessons on how to fight, he could’ve held his own. But he’d always preferred to rely on his wits and the knowledge that Bucky would be there to back him up. And Stane, it seemed, knew what he was doing; he kept moving, dragging Steve along as he turned this way then that, disorientating Steve and making it impossible for him to get free.
“Do you actually want us to stop being affectionate? Go back to fighting all the time?” he asked, genuinely curious. After a beat, Tony shook his head. “Good. Let me worry about Buck.”
Steve didn’t bother with a reply, disinterested in rehashing a conversation they had every time Tony came home from a fundraising gala.
“Come sit with me, Tony,”
“I’ve broken you, haven’t I?” Bucky shook his head forlornly. “Eat your lunch and don’t worry about it.”
“Right, not normal behaviour between bros. I got it.” Tony sighed. “I’ll stop, I don’t want things to be awkward between you both.”
Steve looked up from his sketch, surprised. “I’d planned on getting him set up in an apartment somewhere.”
“You OK, man?” Sam asked when they were out for a run, “You’re quieter than usual.”
“You’re getting too much enjoyment out of this,” Steve grumbled.
“The way I...what?” Steve asked, intelligently.
“Huh,” Sam was carefully non-committal. Steve noticed.
“And it’s not somethin’ you have to be public about if you don’t want to. Can just keep it between us here if that’s more comfortable for you.” Bucky stroked a lock of hair away from Steve’s eyes.
“Knew I shouldn’t have let you two bond,” Tony groused, but reversed out of the armour and glared at Steve. The force of his glare was lessened somewhat by his spectacularly messy hair, which Steve couldn’t help but grin at.
Tony hummed and cuddled into Steve, done with talking about feelings for the rest of forever.
Buck’s expression softened, “You always were a cuddler, when you weren’t kicking shit out of folk that is.”
There was an amused snort from the recliner. “That happen often?” Bucky asked, gesturing to Steve’s predicament.
“You feel up to talking yet?” Bucky asked eventually. Steve nodded his head. “OK so I guess the first question is, do you find Tony attractive? More than just objectively I mean? ‘Cause I don’t swing that way and even I can see that he’s a damned fine lookin’ fella,”
Bucky just grunted in reply and moved to his next stretch.
“Yours,” came the sleepy reply.
“Yeah? What about it?” Bucky asked.
“What?” Steve said again, brain clearly derailed.
“What?” Steve said again.
“Nah it’s fine, I need to move anyway,” Steve sat up and reached for his shirt but Tony whipped it out of his reach.
“If. If Bucky moves in. He might not want to,” Steve corrected.
“Can I kiss you?” Steve asked.
“Thought it was probably best if I was here when you woke up. Protect Bucky from your pre-caffeinated self.” Steve replied with a cheeky grin.
“Are you going to want to talk about this?” he asked when he pulled back.
Tony backed out of the fridge and pointed an accusatory finger at the nearest camera. “JARVIS you’re a traitor. I’m donating you to the community college.” he then turned to Steve and waved the finger in his face, “and you! I have a heart condition! How do you sneak? You’re the size of a mountain.”
“My- OK, we’re not having this conversation with you half-hidden in a tin can.” Steve stood up and picked his way through the chaos of Tony’s creative process to stand beside him. He tugged gently on the hem of Tony’s T-shirt, the only part of him visible. “Come on, out you come.”
“Hey Tony,” Steve said softly, interrupting Tony’s impassioned rant.
Steve snorted, “I’ll bet. Make a good few enemies too.”
Tony started tracing shapes across Steve’s shoulders. Steve grunted in pleasure and relaxed in Tony’s lap, happy to be petted for the rest of the evening.
Steve nuzzled his forehead, “Tomorrow is soon enough.”
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Steve muttered, scooping up Tony and carrying him off to bed.
“So you’re hiding too?” Tony asked.
“Ha!” Steve poked Tony’s nose playfully, “I knew you were still avoiding us! You did your usual post-gala routine while I was watching TV with Buck last night. He thinks you’re cute.”
“No,” Steve replied, “but he was surprised when I told him it was platonic.”
“Gonna sleep now,” Tony muttered, doing just that.
“He good to you? Treat you right?”
There was a beat, then Steve gave the tiniest nod against Bucky’s stomach.
