Deanna glances down at the newspaper clippings covering the coffee table. “Quite a collection you've got there, huh?”
“Oh, well, yeah, then by all means, stick your arm right in there,” the hunter sarcastically responds.
They’re still walking, hands clasped so tight, but the journey seems to be taking longer than Dean remembers. He’d have figured by now they would be able to have some sense of being closer to escape, but nada. Dean continues, “Sam and I decide we deserve a beer—” and Dean privately decides omitting the rest of the alcohol he was consuming at the time is fine; he doesn’t need Cas to worry about how low he got “—so we go off to have one. Then, funnily enough: I get a call from you.
His expression is exasperated, but he’s eyeing her with concern, face looking a little gray. She realizes the last time he was here, he’d died. She forces a smile onto her face, although she knows she’s not fooling either of them.
Bobby turns and places the bag in a large metal tub. He retrieves a lighter from his pocket and uses it to light a flame thrower, back facing the demon.
He releases her hand immediately, and follows her into the house, the porch door rattling closed behind them.
Deanna glances at Castiel, hoping her expression conveys the amount of ‘what the fuck-ery’ she’s feeling. “Officer, you all right?”
“Not particularly,” Balthazar mutters, angel blade dropping into his hand. Castiel and Rachel follow suit; Deanna tightens her grip on Ruby’s knife in her left hand, and flicks the safety off of her gun in her right.
Dean forgot how damn long it took for Cas to show up. He and Bobby are sitting on the tables, and Dean, for one, is tired of waiting.
Jack is pale, and his eyes are round and sorrowful. Dean almost feels bad, because the kid honestly looks like someone kicked a puppy right in front of him, but Dean’s not done.
“At this point, Chuck thinks he’s gonna die. He asks us if this was in his death book, which is when we reveal our master plan or whatever. Chuck is literally on the ground, eating dirt, but the sick bastard sounds excited by the prospect that we’d be the ones to kill him.” Dean falls silent for long enough that his hand gets squeezed once; a question. Dean clears his throat, trying to figure out how to word this next part.
“Dreams?” Sam’s interest clearly has been piqued, and he’s in full-on nerd mode now. “What do they dream about?”
she reasons, shouldering the duffle, then doing one last sweep of the room to gather her belongings. She zips it up, and turns to face Castiel, who’s been watching her with an inscrutable look on his face.
“I guess.” Jack looks a little wrong-footed at that. “I have his powers, and Amara’s, but the Empty is… odd. I know Chuck got Lucifer out, but he didn’t get a chance to explain how to hold his position. Besides, I don’t want to be God if it means I’m like Chuck.”
“Dean.” Jack looks frustrated, looks like he might start crying, and Dean realizes he’s gotta tone down the asshole. The kid lost Cas, too: one of his fathers. Dean decides to be kinder to this God than he was to the last. Or try, at least. He’s not got a great track record when it comes to dealing with figures of authority, okay?
The crossroads demon screams as Bobby drops his lighter on the items in the tub. The two humans watch as the demon goes up in flames, leaving a charred skeleton that crumbles to ash.
The second week at Singer Salvage Yard is spent filling Bobby’s study with books, articles, essays, anything that mentions ‘archangels’ or ‘weapons’ or some combination of the two. Time drags at some points, only to be interrupted by an exclamation and a flurry of chatter, before eventually it quietens back down as the dead end of whatever the current path they’re on is hit.
A wave of exhaustion hits her, so she flops down to one side and looks at Cas. “I have to sleep,” she murmurs regretfully. “Sorry.” The angel shakes his head.
Recognizable dialogue comes from 4.01 Lazarus Rising and 6.22 The Man Who Knew Too Much. Chapter title from Manon, Ballerina by Antoine de Saint-Exupéry.
“So, what’d I miss?” Sam asks, raising an eyebrow when he sees their faces blanch. “What, that bad?”
“So you don’t wanna give us the weapons you stole, fine. But what if helping us meant helping yourself?” Deanna licks her lips nervously. “Sure, you can go back into hiding, having orgies and hoarding your possessions, like some—some dragon, or whatever. But if you help us find a weapon, not one you already have, but another one—one that could kill or seriously hurt an archangel—then you don’t have to throw your sex parties in some remote corner of the globe. You could have ‘em anywhere, without having to be looking over your shoulder for your dick brother to come and smite you, or whatever.” She pauses. “And you’d bag yourself another sick weapon for your stash. So. Net positives, right?”
Deanna pants, hidden from view with her back against the wall in a side room of the house. She can hear the angels fighting Ramiel, and knows they’re all about to die here.
Deanna sighs, opening her mouth to tell him to pipe down, but Castiel beats her: “I needed to speak with Deanna. May we use your panic room?”
“Don’t blaspheme,” Crowley chides. The hunter rolls her eyes. “I dropped it off at a friend’s house, not too long ago.”
A few seconds later, Cas joining her, both of them bloody and winded. He’d looked at her, and Deanna had looked at him, before abruptly hauling him into a kiss that’s more teeth and heat and releasing him just as suddenly. A tumble of words falling from her mouth:
Notes: Recognizable dialogue comes from 4.01 Lazarus Rising. Chapter title from Road Music by Richard Siken.
Raphael tilts his head back, and brilliant white light flares from his eyes and mouth and Deanna has to look away. When she’s able to see again, it’s the sight of Raphael slumped forward, the Lance of Michael sticking out of his back. Dead.
“Yeah, I’m good.” She glances around, at the hunters they’ve gathered chatting amongst themselves and the angels they’ve recruited standing still and silent. Bobby is in front of her, Cas is next to her, and Balthazar is approaching them with an annoyed look on his face.
Maybe it makes her a bad person, but Deanna is relieved. No way is she equipped to play Dr. Phil to a celestial being older than dirt. “All right, then. Let’s roll.”
“Okay,” Dean starts, “one: never say the word lover again. Two: Cas and I—Me and Cas weren’t… that.”
Dean must be allergic to this room; his eyes continue to burn and his surroundings swim in front of him. Dean tries to center himself, picturing the tableau that is his for the taking if he succeeds: him, Sam, Jack, and Cas, sitting in the bunker’s kitchen with some beers. The image shifts, becoming broader: Eileen is laughing at Charlie’s attempts at copying a complicated sign, Jody, Donna, and the girls all sitting in the library with them, complaining about sheriff duties and that werewolf Claire killed in Lubbock all by herself despite Kaia’s protests that she helped, too!
“Yeah. Yeah, that's probably a good idea. Sorry,” Sam says apologetically, and both he and Ruby go to put on more clothes. Bobby raises an eyebrow at Dean, who shrugs.
“Yeah, don't mention it.” Sam responds, and Dean pulls the cord over his head for the first time in years and feels it settle against his chest with bittersweet familiarity. “Hey, Dean? What was it like?”
Castiel doesn’t appear interested in the score, asking, “But how did we return to Bobby’s? Surely Balthazar wasn’t in any condition to fly all of us back.”
Cas’ smile grows brighter, wider, his eyes crinkling with fondness and—love. So much love it threatens to overwhelm Dean.
Ah. He forgot about the holy water. Dean turns to spit it out, and he dryly says, “I'm not a demon, either, you know.”
Castiel grabs her by the shoulders and spins her around so they’re toe to toe. “Ramiel was able to pull the lance from this area. It resided in his energy—his
Castiel can only shake his head again. “At first I suspected this was my Father's punishment for my crimes, but I don't believe He'd be so cruel as to make you live through my penance.”
“Eventually, Sam comes in and says he finished translating. I’m glad he was able to fool Michael, else this gamble wouldn’t’ve paid off. We wanted to have a showdown on our turf, so Sam makes up some shit about the spell to take down Chuck having to take place in a specific spot. I dunno, we were honestly just hoping for the best.
“I'm not lying,” Dean lies, “but I'd like to find out, so if you wouldn't mind enlightening me, Daisy…”
Dean’s breath hitches. With one last searching glance, he turns his back on Cas and starts walking back the way he came.
“Hey, Balthy,” the archangel chirps in reply. “Long time no see. No time to chat, though, I’m afraid.”
“Yeah, ‘cause I thought he did! He gave me and Sam a fake Casa Erotica that said if we were watching it, he was dead.” She shakes her head in disbelief. “But he told me he faked his death,
“Uh, yeah, it makes me ‘uncomfortable’!” the hunter exclaims. “Souls are private, right? Human eyes are the windows to them, so we only get glimpses of each other’s souls. It just feels like something that shouldn’t be seen, I guess.”
Deanna huffs. “Yeah, ‘cause angels are known to do the morally right thing. He took some kid’s freaking soul, Cas, I don’t really have much faith in the idea this guy will help us out just ‘cause we ask. He may have been your friend once, but that was before he faked his own death,” Deanna stops walking, and snakes a hand out to grab Castiel’s arm so he does the same. “We need a backup plan.”
“Great, we all thought. That’s that sorted. But Lucifer didn’t let us have, like, thirty seconds before he goes and kills the new Death. He grabs the book and reveals he’s been working for Chuck. What a twist, huh? Lucifer helping Chuck, Michael working against him.” Dean scoffs. “It’s almost out of character for them; Lucifer always hated Chuck, right?” Cas squeezes his hand once. “Yeah. So, Michael and Lucifer duke it out, and honestly? It was a bit of a pissing contest. I thought it was supposed to be some Earth-ending event, but it was pretty lame. At least it didn’t wreck the bunker, I guess?” One squeeze.
of the percolator as she makes coffee. The radio has just changed to a song she’s sure she knows, but can’t remember the name of in her exhausted state, when Bobby enters the room. He grunts at her, and she can only nod back at him.
After some thumps on the back and excessive throat clearing from both of them, Dean heads off to gather what he needs on this quest.
“We weren’t sure how powerful Jack was, though, so we tried to see if we could meet with Chuck and have him make everything right again.” Two quick squeezes from Cas. “Relax, we didn’t think it’d work. And we figured Chuck had us right where he wanted us, anyhow: broken down and feeling defeated.” Dean pauses. “Honestly? He did. All three of us were… none of us were in a good way,” Dean confesses. Cas’ thumbs rubs reassuringly across Dean’s knuckles, and he can’t help but smile. “Yeah, so. We asked, he refused; said he was enjoying it, actually. Sick bastard.” Cas squeezes his hand once—in agreement, if Dean had to guess.
“Bobby, whatever this is, whatever it wants, it's after me. That much we know, right?” Dean implores. “I've got no place to hide. I can either get caught with my pants down again, or we can make our stand.”
“As I spent more time with the two of you,” Castiel continues, “the more I felt. Emotions, ones of confusion, of anger, of despondency… and ones of caring, ones of protectiveness. I suppose what I’m trying to say is I considered myself to be somewhat of a… guardian… to the two of you. And I failed Sam, yes, but I refuse to fail you.”
Bobby doesn’t even look up from the King James. “Keep looking, girl. There’s gotta be something, even if it’s only a sentence—hell, even if it’s only a word.”
After that cheery bit of optimism, they eat a quick breakfast before retreating to their corners of the house. Deanna changes into her clothes for the day. She deliberates for a moment before striding over to the tiny closet in the room. She reaches up and brings down the closed cardboard box that rests on the shelf above her FBI bitchy power suits and skirts.
Heart drumming against her ribcage, Deanna slowly walks over to Cas. She drapes her jacket over the chair, kicks off her boots and jeans, and shrugs off her flannel before crawling into bed atop the angel, legs on either side of his hips. They stare at each other for a few moments, and Deanna can see the awe she’s feeling over the fact they’re
Deanna shrugs. “I wanna spend time with you, duh. You’re my best friend,” she self-consciously scratches her neck at that admission, silently cursing the sleep deprivation and quiet of the night for loosening her tongue. “‘Sides, I ain’t exactly got anything better to do at this time of night.”
This memory is so imprinted in his brain that Dean doesn't even have to review what he's supposed to say. “Who are you?
“Yeah,” Dean replies. He can hear Bobby in the other room on the phone, and turns to Sam, saying, “You mentioned a bunch of demons holed up around here. Let's check that out tomorrow, huh?”
The pair start walking towards the house, and Deanna whispers, “So, what’s the plan here, exactly? Somehow I don’t think storming the castle is gonna work out so well for us.”
Deanna pauses. Truthfully, she hadn’t given it a thought until Castiel had mentioned it just now. She’d been so wrapped up in worry and guilt over the angel borrowing her bed, and she wracks her brain trying to remember until—
,” Dean stretches the word out and seems to roll the next ones around before speaking: “My brother’s problem is that he’s guzzling demon blood on his psycho revenge mission.”
His head spins and aches, thoughts flung dizzily about this way and that, incomplete and incoherent, fragments of questions—what? why?
Dean just looks at him, and seems to choose his words carefully as he asks, “Cas, you still dealing with Sam's scrambled eggs?”
Dean's memories come back at once, Dick erupting into black goo, Dean way too close to him, Cas just behind the Leviathan, Sam and Kevin to one side, then—
Dean picks the necklace up from its place in the duffel, showing it off to the nephilim-turned-God, before stashing it back in the bag next to his weapons, sustenance, and the paper Jack handed him with a quirked up mouth. The amulet has really come a long way: first, a gift given out of brotherly love, then a mechanism for finding a God that didn’t want to be found. Now, it gets to play the role of a homing beacon for a dead angel. Funny how these things work.
. And isn't that something, Dean contemplates as he hotwires the same car, the knowledge that Bobby is only a phone call and a mere 9 hours drive away, in his wonderfully unburnt home. He pretends the water dripping down his face is only sweat from the oppressive Illinois sun, and carefully shoves all thoughts about anything except getting to Sioux Falls to the back of his mind before driving away from the destroyed field and windowless gas station shop.
He sighs. “Don’t know how to answer that question, girl. Still haven’t found the lance. How was the lamia?”
Castiel steps closer to the holy fire, beside Deanna, who says, “Only if you promise to listen to what we have to say.”
“Well, then you should know that he failed in his rescue mission because he lacked faith. Orpheus thought he was alone, and lost everything due to his self-doubt. Can you relate?”
“Well, you oughtta. I know we preach about free will ‘round here, but your friends still have a long way to go. They don’t all have a Deanna to teach ‘em the ropes.”
Recognisable dialogue comes from the episodes 5.22 Swan Song and 5.03 Free to Be You and Me; the song on the radio and the chapter title both come from The Battle of Evermore by Led Zeppelin.
“That's why we've got to be ready for anything,” Dean responds, pulling Ruby's blade from his jacket. “We've got the big-time magic knife, you've got an arsenal in the trunk…” He trails off.
The cemetery is eerily silent, everybody utterly still. Deanna presses one hand against the wound in her stomach, before kicking Raphael over into the circle of holy fire, extinguishing it.
That’s the thing that surprises him the most, truthfully: his nonexistent desire to kill monsters, to save people. He doesn’t know if it’s because they just saved, like, seven billion people from Chuck moonlighting as Thanos, or something else (
“What could you possibly be worried about, Cas?” Deanna’s mouth ticks up in a sarcastic smile. “It’s not like we’ve only got a snowball’s chance of finding Michael’s stick, let alone knowing if it’ll kill Raphael until we’re already engaged with him and his mooks.”
Dean takes in his little brother, hair wet from the shower and eyes wide from the shock, and swallows down all of the feelings running through him at the moment. He'd nearly forgotten the sting of this betrayal in light of everything that went down with Cas and his lies the past year. There will be time for it later, he knows, time to hash all of their shit out—him, and Sam, and Cas.
The kid points the staff at her, fingers tightening around it. Castiel teleports next to him and takes away the staff.
Castiel looks frustrated. “That wasn’t the right way to put it, I suppose. I meant that I didn’t want to leave you.”
Deanna opens her mouth to rebuff the claim she taught Cas to think for himself, but. Well. She definitely helped. She masks it by taking a sip of whisky.
“I thought you didn’t like—” he cuts off, seemingly searching for the words, “‘chick flick moments.’”
“You mean the Apocalypse we just stopped?” Bobby asks. Castiel nods. “Balls,” the hunter sighs, adjusting his cap.
“That's what I thought. Let's go, Sam,” Dean says, and they stand, leaving the demon sitting there, fuming. Dean pulls out some cash and drops a ten dollar bill. He holds it up and drops it on the table like an insult. “For the pie.”
“Three of your more popular Egyptian plagues, yeah. But those guys,” Deanna says, pointing to the jar in the angel’s hands, “ate their way out of a cop’s melon. I don’t quite remember that in the King James.” She shakes her head.
“She was your—friend, before, I thought? It was my interference that ultimately led to her betrayal.”
“In this economy?” the angel responds. “It's probably the only thing worth buying. Do you have any idea what souls are worth? What power they hold? Now... release me.”
Deanna stands, stretching, anticipating her back to crack out a protest before remembering Cas had mojo’d the day’s tensions from her. She yawns. “Well, I’m gonna hit the hay. We’ll figure it out tomorrow,” she says, internally doubting they’ll ‘figure it out’, period, but unwilling to say how hopeless the venture they’d embarked upon truly was. “Night, Bobby. Night, Cas.”
“Dean,” Bobby says with uncharacteristic seriousness. “The fact the Witnesses rose means a seal has been broken. One down, only so many to go until Judgement Day is upon us.”
Deanna doesn’t know what she expected; the angel looks the same as always, messy hair and crooked tie and overly large trench coat, except—
“Of course,” he says obligingly, then does as she requested. As he’s handing her back her cell, he asks, “Why did Gabriel give you a tattoo?”
Deanna had privately thought, but it was ultimately his choice, and he knew his brother better, didn’t he? She narrows her eyes and opens her mouth, about to attempt another approach, one that would probably lead to those extra crispy wings she’d been talking up before, but—
The dead hunters—whose name Deanna discovers are Wayne, Jake, Taylor, and Beth—burn as those left look on in silence. The group disperses soon after the flames turn to embers, heading back to their corners of the country. Garth manages to grab Deanna into another tight hug; his left arm is broken and he’s missing a tooth, but he waves off Cas’ offer to heal him, saying, “Nah, man, I’m good. I’ll patch up au naturale. Thanks anyhow, dude!” The hunter drives away from Singer Salvage Yard with a
; too much has passed between the Winchesters and himself that Castiel doesn’t find the memory of Sam’s circumstances cropping up in his day to day life on this Earth. Sam is just… Sam. An ally. A friend. A brother.
The two of them head back to Bobby's living room, the older hunter saying, “That don't make a lick of sense.”
He pulls into the first vaguely diner-like place they come across, glad for the reprieve from family interviews about recent disappearances and the chance for some real food. It'll be the first diner food Dean's had in a while, the rabbit food Sam picked out and strange sandwiches Cas provided the last fresh grub he's eaten. They'd left Bobby digging through police records, so it's just Sam and Dean entering the joint. The two of them settle at a table, and Dean flips through the menu, satisfied when he finds both burgers and pie.
“Yes.” Cas presses his hand to the side of her face, then leans in to press their foreheads together, eyes searching hers, before striding away with Balthazar. Deanna swears she hears the other angel mutter, “
as Lucifer snapped his neck and hearing the roar as the ground yawned open before Sam jumped in, dragging Adam-as-Michael (or is it Michael-as-Adam?) with him, and the explosion of gore as Cas—
Castiel sets the jar of locusts down, and approaches Deanna with two fingers raised. She immediately puts her hands up, leaning away while saying, “Hey, whoa, we can just dri—” but Castiel touches her forehead, and they’re off.
“Sorry, bucko. Meg can’t come to the phone right now.” The thing that must be the Entity grins. “She’s dead. Well, she’s dead and
“See, you said your happiness was something you couldn’t have. Now, listen to me very closely, Cas, ‘cause I want to make sure this is perfectly clear: you can have it. You—” Come on, Winchester,
“Well, why not us?” Sam posits. “We beat Chuck at his own game, what’s to say we can’t do the same for the Empty?”
“I need that ring,” Bobby says into the phone. Rufus replies, though, and then he looks at the phone like he wishes he could strangle it. “I'm asking for a ring,” Bobby irately responds to the other hunter. “And I’d appreciate your,” he makes a face, “…help getting it.”
“Look,” Deanna cuts him off. “We know the truth, all right? Chris didn't have a gun on him when those cops shot him. They set him up.”
He ponders what to talk about. He could just ramble on about his Star Wars vs. Star Trek opinions, but figures Cas would care more about what’s happened since he’s been gone.
“No, no, man, I’m fine!” Dean hurriedly assures. Anything to get the teary look off of Cas’ face. “I’m here for you!” He proclaims, still smiling. Just being next to Cas is like a salve for the jagged edges of his soul, a balm soothing the rawness from being cleaved in two when Cas was taken.
She scoffs. “Yeah. That one made the papers. But I thought the Staff turned, like, a river into blood, not one dude.”
“Yeah, just like the Righteous Man had to be the one to stop the Apocalypse?” Dean snorts. “Give me a break.”
Deanna and Bobby go to join Cas, Balthazar, and Rachel where they’re standing slightly apart from the others.
Deanna sighs. “Castiel, this is me praying to you. I know you’re busy leading a revolution or whatever, but—”
“Well, we don't know what it is. There's no lore on the name, but it could be a demon. It could be anything!”
Castiel is dismayed to push back on this point—one that he knows to be a sensitive one for Dean—but, ignoring the twisting in his stomach, he tentatively reminds his friend of a very important fact. “Dean, the Apocalypse is already in motion. Despite our best efforts, we may well be on the same path as last time. After all,” Castiel hesitates, but pushes through his discomfort. “After all, the first seal has been broken.”
“I called the others, told ‘em what the plan is. ‘Course, things never go to plan, but maybe this time things’ll turn out right,” Bobby says. He doesn’t look very hopeful.
The two angels fight in the room until they both lose their blades. They grapple with each other, until with a
Dean nods, shoulders relaxing slightly from the tense posture he’d held ever since Castiel first walked in. Castiel is gladdened he could at least do that much for his friend. “Yeah, Cas,” Dean confirms, a slight smile illuminating his face. “Together.”
“It's never happened before,” he responds. “An angel is buying souls. That could explain why he cut the staff into pieces.”
“Do you think we can trust the intel?” Deanna questions. “I mean, he just dicked you over, Bobby. And we just... dicked him... right back. He’s probably not feeling very charitable towards us right now.”
Deanna exchanges a glance with Bobby, who rolls his eyes. “O-kay,” she drawls. “Would killing him stop his, uh, followers from going ahead with his scheme?”
Recognizable dialogue comes from the episodes 6.03 The Third Man and 4.22 Lucifer Rising; chapter title comes from In My Time of Dying by Led Zeppelin.
Jack’s eyebrows draw closer together, his face a moue of unhappiness. “Dean. It’s been over a month. Cas wouldn’t—”
As time went on, as Cas grew into his own little quirks (not to mention the time he was human himself), Dean could feel Castiel’s eyes on him whenever he’d scrape the crusts off his plate and into the trash. Cas never asked, though, and so Dean never answered.
Silence. Deanna deflates slightly, since she’d been convinced Balthazar would agree to join after that little spiel of hers. She’d been wracking her brain for the right words to convince the kind of dick angel that had faked his death, stole a whole bunch of important shit from the place he was supposed to be blindly loyal to, and had taken some poor kid’s soul for kicks. She’d been pretty certain appealing to his selfish side would do the trick, having fought—and ultimately lost—for Castiel to take this approach, but
The problem, of course, is that Dean still knows Sam better than Castiel ever will. He decides to let Dean take the lead, but first: “Sam needs to stop ingesting the blood.”
“Fuck,” he repeats. A thought seems to occur to him, and Dean asks, “Why did you try your angel-speak on me this time, huh? You knew I wasn't one of those 'special people', man, so why the theatrics?”
“It wasn’t any trouble, Dean,” Castiel replies smoothly, folding his hands on the worn wooden table. The sight of the motion draws Dean’s attention to the glass of milk sitting off-center, a straw floating inside.
that hover behind his teeth. “Not much,” he says instead. “I remember I was a hellhound's chew toy, and then... lights out. Then I come to six feet under.” He pauses, hesitating slightly. “That was it,” he finishes.
“Okay, but... what is Chuck Heston's disco stick doing down here, anyway? I mean, don't you guys put away your toys?”
But Dean just lets it wash over him, the depth of that love, and hauls Cas into a kiss that has him seeing stars, and welcomes that first mouthful of forever.
“I want to wake up every morning, knowing you’ll be there. I want to buy a house, a fixer-upper, and we can build it up, just the two of us; we can build something, Cas. Together. Because all this?” Dean laughs wetly, unsure when he began to cry but pushing through regardless. “This whole Orpheus and Eurydice act, it’s all for a future I want with you. Because any future without you? It’s not one I want.”
Regardless, the Lance of Michael forms in her hand, a flash of lightning causing the Enochian etched silver to glow, before she drives it straight through Raphael’s heart.
Not that he was trying all too hard, really; Sam has been splitting his time between the bunker and Eileen’s place, and Dean’s happy for them, honest. It’s just… They’re happy, or content, or something close to that, and Dean tries to smile for Sam when he’s around, show him he’s coping with—things, but sometimes he’s afraid that the longer he wears this mask, the more cracks it accumulates, the harder it will be when it inevitably falls off.
Dean swallows, for the first time really acknowledging how difficult it’ll be to get Cas the hell outta dodge when the goon in charge seems to hate his guts. Luckily for all involved, he’s blessed with a true lightbulb moment, and says, “wait,” to the thing wearing Meg’s face. It arches an eyebrow, tapping its foot impatiently. He grasps the slip of paper Jack gave him and hands it over to the Entity with relish.
they hurtle out of the window, falling several stories onto a car parked on the street. Deanna rushes to look out the window. The unknown angel disappears, leaving Castiel standing next to the destroyed vehicle.
reflected in Cas’ eyes. She dips down to kiss him, trying to tell him everything she’s feeling in the slick slide of their lips: the terror and desperation from earlier melting away into the relief and joy she’s experiencing right now; the depths of her—Deanna lets herself think it, with just the two of them in the room—love and affection for him. She pulls back, still straddling him.
He doesn't have time to point fingers, Dean knows, and frankly he doesn't care to. Bobby must read something in his face, since he says, “These last months haven't been exactly easy, you know, for him or me. We had to bury you.”
” Dean snarls, already on a hair trigger. “No, you see, Cas wouldn’t do anything. Because he’s gone. He’s
“Bingo! Got it in one,” Gabriel exclaims, then claps his hands together. “Now, I’m off, so be good, kids. Cas, feel free to pop upstairs anytime you’d like, though I’d understand if you wanna stay down here for a bit.” He smirks, and wiggles his eyebrows.
“I’m… not sure. I came here as soon as I was able, after Raphael summoned me and revealed his plan to free Lucifer and Michael from the Cage.”
Cas moves to sit in the chair opposite Dean, fingers dragging along Dean’s spine as he goes. The icy trickle that follows his touch brings the spasms in Dean’s back to a more manageable level, the Grace giving a welcome reprieve to the pain.
Bobby says at one point. After the business part is over, most of the hunters head out to Kansas to grab a motel for the night before the fight. Stull Cemetery is the battleground of choice, and Deanna still isn’t sure how she feels about that when it’s just Rufus, Garth, Bobby, and her left in the house.
The head of the Leviathan dressed in a lab coat comes off cleanly, and Dean watches as Dick Roman turns, crumpling up a container of instant creamer in one hand with the movement, to face him and Cas.
But only if you’re not going to repeat everything I say.” He turns to Castiel, who had apparently been staring at her as she’d spun her story to Balthazar, and says, “I understand now.”
Bobby shatters the quiet by turning to Cas, who’s sitting on the couch with Deanna, by asking, “So, what’s your plan?”
“I want you to plant a garden, keep bees, do whatever makes you happy.” One squeeze. “I’m not sure I wanna keep hunting, so I gotta figure out what I
want. But we’ll have time for that.” One squeeze. “We can have Sammy and Eileen, Jody and Donna, Claire and the girls, Jack over for dinner every couple weeks.” One squeeze. “We can be
Deanna has just settled into a seat at the motel’s kitchen table and is browsing Sam’s laptop for information when a rustle of feathers alerts her to Castiel’s entrance. He’s holding a jar containing several of the locusts that busted their way out of Colfax’s head.
She sets the box down on the bed, then lifts the cover. Her hands first find the amulet Sam had given to her—twice, actually; first when they were kids as a Christmas gift when their dad hadn’t returned home as promised, then again, when he’d pressed it into her hands on that final ride to Detroit. Deanna sighs, and slips it over her neck for the first time in months, where it hangs familiarly, where it belongs. She turns her attention back to the box, and retrieves what’s taking up the majority of its confines: her Dad’s leather jacket. She shrugs it on, and heads outside.
“I can’t bring him back. I would, but…” Jack trails off, searching for the right words. “I can’t bring him back. Not without help.”
Castiel turns back to Darryl, then presses two fingers to his forehead. Darryl falls back onto the sofa, unconscious.
The two of them sit in silence for a while, staring at the coffeemaker. Deanna hears movement from the basement, footsteps coming up the stairs.
“Cas?” He begins, uncertainly. Castiel immediately squeezes his hand to confirm he’s there, listening. “I, uh. I want to talk about what you said. Before the Empty took you.” Dean swallows once, twice; everything that’s bloomed within him is threatening to come out, spill petals and stems all over the ground, but: “The thing is, I want to look at you when I say—uh. But maybe I can start with something else.”
“Cas, take it easy!” Deanna scolds. She directs her gaze to the kid. “Listen, we're not here to hurt you, okay? But we need to know... where did you get this thing?”
“Will you stay? Watch over me?” Deanna asks lightly, only her racing heart betraying how nervous she is to hear the answer.
“All right, let’s get you kids healed up!” He claps his hands together, and the blood disappears from the three angels, and Deanna feels her bruises and pain from getting tossed about like a rag doll fade. With that, Gabriel turns to her once again, winks, and places two fingers on her forehead, and Deanna finds herself in the bedroom she’s been sleeping in with Castiel, still unconscious, on the bed. A hysterical giggle bubbles up, and she’s helpless to stop the single bark of laughter that escapes her mouth. She’d wanted Castiel in her bed, hadn’t she?
Bobby raises his eyebrows—whether it's about Dean's sudden interest in keeping a diary or the mess of glass scattered everywhere, Dean doesn't know—but wisely says nothing, only asking, “You driving, or am I?”
The radio sputters to life, static filling the otherwise silent store. Dean ignores the salt on the shelf nearby, and covers his head— and, more importantly, ears— as the static gradually turns into a whine before blowing out the windows, glass shattering all around him. The noise reaches its peak before abruptly cutting out, and Dean dusts off the broken glass and makes his way outside, bag of food and water in hand, the door swinging shut behind him.
“Before the Apocalypse, Heaven may have been corrupt, but it was stable. The Staff was safely contained.” Castiel sighs. “Like I said, it's been chaos up there. In that confusion, a number of... powerful weapons were... stolen.”
“—Deanna, there is not another person, in Heaven or on Earth, that I’d rather spend this night with, and nothing else I want to do more than this.”
Lightning striking and setting the dry grass alight, way too close for comfort, fending off an angel and driving her blade into his heart before diving behind a grave for cover.
The air crackling with electricity, Deanna a beat too slow and unable to prevent the plunge of a blade into her abdomen, gasping with pain as she’d ganked the son of a bitch who’d stuck her.
She’d fallen back asleep instantly, and woke again just before the first tendrils of light stretched across the floor of her room.
“So,” Deanna says, gesturing for Castiel to take a look at victim number one, “That’s Hatch, and this is Toby Gray. Just brought in.” She uncovers victim number two, and grimaces. “Also a cop, apparently had an ‘extreme allergic reaction’ sitting at a speed trap earlier today. Boils aren’t just on the outside, according to the report; they’re inside, too. It says his airways are chock full of them.” She meets Castiel’s eyes over the dead bodies—or rather, the lumpy body and the bloody lump. “This startin’ to look a little witchy to you?”
Deanna frowns. After the ruckus Castiel had caused regarding Chastity, they’d stumbled out onto the street, laughing, but she’d never made good on that promise. They hadn’t died, after all, and she’d forgotten about that night after everything that had happened; trapping an archangel in holy fire, then getting sent to a bleak future would make anyone’s memory lapse. Deanna eyes the angel next to her without turning her head; he’s looking up at the sky, face peaceful. She bites her lip.
“Deanna. It's been a long time. We should get together,” the King of the Crossroads replies, sounding annoyed.
Deanna looks up from her well-loved copy of Slaughterhouse-Five to see Castiel struggling to sit up in the bed. She quickly rises to her feet from her slouched position in the chair she’d brought up from downstairs after Castiel had shown no signs of waking anytime soon, and gently shoves him back to recline against the headboard.
They're now standing on opposite sides of Bobby's desk. “Dean, your chest was ribbons, your insides were slop, and you'd been buried four months. Even if you could slip out of Hell and back into your meat suit—”
“Born ready,” she responds, keeping the phone pressed to her ear with one hand and her lighter gripped in the other.
Deanna isn’t sure what she expects when she enters the guest room—Sam had insisted on staying on the couch, citing the fact that Deanna had killed an archangel earlier that day as the reason, but she knows her brother just wants her to get a full night of sleep since she’d been swaying with exhaustion when they’d said good night—but it isn’t Cas on the bed, in just his dress shirt and slacks, reading her beaten up copy of Slaughterhouse-Five.
“You don't know what he’ll do to me,” the crossroads demon says desperately. Deanna distantly feels bad for whoever the bitch is possessing; the burn marks linger, glowing orange-red.
“They're scared. Okay? Scared of whatever had the juice to yank me out. We're dealing with a bad mofo here. One job at a time.” By the time Dean makes that proclamation, they've made it back to the Impala and are in their respective seats. Dean tells Sam to call Bobby and inform him they've found the demons and to meet them back at the motel to regroup. Sam does as he's told without complaint, but the muscle jumping in his jaw suggests he's not thrilled with the current plan of action.
Deanna is suddenly brought back to another night, one that seems like it happened to a different person, a different
Deanna looks at him, and looks at him. She hears Bobby and Cas come up behind her, Bobby’s astonished exclamation and Cas’ warm greeting, but it all becomes white noise as she takes in the sight of her little brother, whole and healthy and
whispers a voice in the back of her head. She violently smothers the stupid voice before it makes any more useless comments. “Sorry. I’m being a bitch, I just—” she breaks off, glancing around the room as if the answer lies in the faded wallpaper. “I don’t know. I don’t even know. Sammy’s gone, and now you’re here telling me that he could have sacrificed himself for nothing? Doesn’t feel great, man.”
“C’mon, man,” he’s saying to the others at the table, mouth full of food. Sam wrinkles his nose and Dean laughs. “We kicked some spooky ass today, let’s at least call this a win.”
“Mr. Birch, settle down,” Deanna begins, placating. She flips open her FBI badge and shows it to the man. “Federal agents.”
One day, long after Chuck groveled in the dirt, long after Jack tripped a little light fantastic and walked away, long after a quiet drive filled with too long and too full silences, Dean realizes he can’t go on.
“Everything you said about me? You were right. That’s how I see myself. And the fact that you said it, made me hear it… that didn’t erase that image I have. But honestly? If you hadn’t said all that, Chuck might be dead. Because all I’ve been able to think about since you died was what you said. That hasn’t always been a good thing, though, man. I—I’ve dreamt of nothing else except you getting taken, hardly done anything but drink and mope. But—I want—I just
“Hey.” Dean knows he’s in for it now based on the expression on Sam’s face: a frankly ridiculous combination of puppy dog pleading and Winchester worry.
A bit of myrrh and one sliced up palm later, Castiel is able to locate Balthazar. “Got him. Let's go.”
“Sam… wouldn't have it. Said you'd need a body when he got you back home somehow. That's about all he said.” Bobby pauses here, before admitting, “He was quiet. Real quiet. And then he just took off. Wouldn't return my calls. I tried to find him, but he didn't want to be found.”
The hunter settles back into the chair, kicking her feet up on the bed next to Castiel’s hip. “Oh, boy, you missed a
Raphael drones on at the renegade angels, telling them he’ll welcome them back into the Heavenly Host personally if they abandon their cause. None of them budge. Raphael then turns to Deanna and Cas, and sneers, telling them that they were
The demon looks at Dean with eyes full of barely suppressed rage. “I'm going to reach down your throat and rip out your lungs.”
The angel casts wide eyes around the room. “What happened? I can’t remember anything after Ramiel—” he breaks off, terror crossing his face like a cloud passing in front of the sun. “Am I… in Heaven?”
Tentative fingers tug the collar of her shirt down, but Deanna stops Castiel before he gets too far, shrugging off the green plaid she’d been wearing, leaving her in just a tee shirt. The fingers return, gently moving the shirt. She hears Castiel inhale, and looks over her shoulder at him. His expression is frozen, and she groans, “Oh, please tell me he didn’t give me a true-to-life dick tat back there.”
“Hey,” she says, and shuts the door behind her, leaning back against it. She drinks in the sight of Cas, as close to relaxed as she’s ever seen him, in her bed, alive and staying that way for the foreseeable future.
That’s Castiel’s first impression of his sister as he invisibly observes her go about her day, traipsing across campus with a furrow in her brow. He wonder how much she’s hearing from the angels.
, the sound the ground made as Sam had opened the cage, the sight of him grabbing the shell of their half-brother and falling, falling,
The Entity arches a brow. “You sure? It is a long way home, Dean. A long way back. Doubt has a way of creeping in, you know?” Dean ignores the words. Sighing, it turns to Cas. “Castiel. I release you from our prior agreement. If you make it out of here, you’re never obligated to come back, and I won’t come collect you upon any future deaths.”
“As I predicted, the unrest in Heaven is great. The archangel Raphael is assembling forces and has plans to bring about the Apocalypse and rule Heaven.”
Deanna knocks on the door of one Ed Colfax, then steps back. “Be cool,” she hisses to her angelic partner, hoping Castiel has acquired more tact since the last time they did this. “Follow my lead.”
Deanna and Sam go back to hunting, becoming Deanna-and-Sam again, with Cas occasionally joining them. Heaven stabilizes under Gabriel’s (reluctant) rule; the archangel asks Balthazar to be his second-in-command, a position also reluctantly accepted, but the two seem to get along well enough to keep the angels under control. After Cas realizes this, he spends more and more time with the Winchesters, to both the siblings’ delight. Deanna settles into the hunting life again, slipping right back into the family business without missing a beat. Things are different, obviously, but
Deanna, Cas, and Bobby all react by drawing their weapons and raising them at the newcomer. Gabriel holds his hands up in a sign of surrender.
“Just wondering if the two of you were planning on standing here grinning at each other like idiots all day, or if we might attempt to defeat Raphael at some point in the next century.” With that, he disappears, and Cas tilts his head as if he’s listening.
“I know I never told you what happened. Between me and Cas, right before he was—taken.” Sam nods in acknowledgement, so Dean continues: “I—can’t, not yet. If we get Cas back, I’ll tell you. Or—you’ll know. If not… well. Yeah.”
Dean braces himself against the cashier's counter as a laugh starts to bubble up from deep inside him, hoarse and hysterical, until he has to wipe away the tears and grime covering his face. He spends a moment hunched over after the outburst ends, before mentally steeling himself for the final test. Dean slowly walks to the bathroom and faces the mirror. Reflected back is his face, definitely younger, eyes slightly wide with apprehension. He narrows them, unable to fully tamp down the trepidation, and rolls up the left sleeve of his t-shirt.
Ever the dramatic, the lightbulbs overhead burst, sparks raining down over the angel as he approaches the two hunters. Bobby starts firing rounds into Cas, but Dean doesn't bother; it won't do any good, and he figures Bobby is too distracted by the chaos to notice Dean's lack of an itchy trigger finger for once.
“Yeah, guess so. I'll leave some of my contacts messages, see if they can figure out what the hell a 'Castiel' is.” Bobby nods, satisfied with having a plan of action, and exits the room.
“Honestly?” Dean replies, withdrawing Sister Mary Constant's actual remains from the literal and figurative right side of his jacket and intently ignoring the movement from behind the Leviathan. “No.” At this, Cas grabs Dick's head and tilts it back in time for Dean to jam the late Sister's bone horizontally through the Leviathan's throat.
“Wishful thinking, but maybe it's just the wind?” Dean shouts over the cacophony. Bobby doesn't get a chance to respond, however, since the doors burst open and in walks Castiel.
Reaching the two angels, Deanna says, “No time like the present,” and flicks open the lighter she’d been gripping in nerveless fingers, sparking it, before dropping it into the circle of holy oil Castiel had laid down earlier. A ring of flames encircles Balthazar, who turns to face the hunter with narrowed eyes flashing.
Balthazar laughs. “Very well.” He inhales, clasping his hands and touching them to his forehead. “The boy's debt is cleared. His soul is his own.”
Deanna snorts. “You can admit that you’re losing hope, man. We’re all going stir crazy here. It’ll be a miracle if we don’t end up killing each other before Raphael has a chance to make his move.”
each other, not until Cas had spent enough time with the Winchesters to learn a thing or two about guilt.
The next few weeks pass like molasses, information dripping slow as honey (but much less sweet) from Castiel and Balthazar. The latter appears roughly once a week, giving a clipped, “Still haven’t found the lance,” to whoever is in the room he appears in, be it Deanna, Bobby, or Castiel, who’s gone often, but checks in with the humans more frequently. He reports that he’s persuaded a few angels to join their cause, but none of them stop by. “In hiding,” Castiel explains, when Deanna asks him about it late one night, Bobby already slumped over asleep at his desk. It’s quiet, just the two of them sitting on the back porch, a mirror to when Castiel first returned to her; the moon softly glows this time, in contrast to the afternoon sunshine of that day. Deanna nods, clutching a cup of coffee tightly between her hands as if it will warm her in the weather that’s becoming colder by the day.
“Thanks,” Deanna mutters, and gives him a once over. Aside from a bit of blood and a few rips and tears in his trench coat and shirt, the angel seems to be fine. Balthazar is slightly worse off, sporting an oozing cut on his chest and a scowl.
The naked hope in Dean’s eyes cuts through something within Castiel. “Perhaps,” he allows, not willing to say one way or another. He is, at least, able to give Dean what he hopes is somewhat of a comfort: “Regardless, we’ll do this together.”
, Cas getting vaporized and Bobby’s neck snapping, the brutal beating the thing that looked like her brother had given her,
Castiel looks down at the floor briefly, and Deanna takes that as her chance to jump in. “I’m guessing Cas already tried the whole ‘appeal-to-your-morals’ righteous crap, right?”
. I tried opening the Devil's Gate. Hell, I tried to bargain, Dean, but no demon would deal, all right? You were rotting in Hell for
cream pies, so Dean would be thrilled, I'm sure. Dean got a bacon cheeseburger, Sam got the Greek salad, and I got far too invested both finding a plausible place in Pontiac for them to eat and about the food they ordered.
“Well, the angels I’ve met have either been blindly faithful to their cause or only... interested in themselves. I’m guessing you belong to the second group.”
Without any kind of impending Armageddon hanging over them, Deanna and Cas get to know each other, in the we’re-in-a-monogamous-relationship-and-seriously-in-love sense, not just as two soldiers fighting the same war, or friends who have each other’s backs, and it’s good.
“Oh!” she says, snapping her fingers. She swings her feet down onto the floor before standing and turning to put her back to Castiel. “Will you check, uh,” she pauses, trying to remember exactly what Gabriel had said.
“Jack restores the world to the way it was before Chuck wiped out humanity. He has so much power…” Dean trails off. Doesn’t mention the fact he didn’t dare ask Jack to bring Cas back, still too shell-shocked and grief-stricken to think about it. “Anyway, the kid gave us a nice speech about how he’d be hands off, let people decide things for themselves. Says he was raised right, by you, Sam, me, and Kelly. You’d’ve been damn proud, Cas.” Finally, one faint squeeze. “You okay, buddy?” One squeeze. “Okay.”
She meanders her way over to the Impala, and slides in the driver’s seat. She pulls out of Singer Salvage Yard and drives until she finds a park, utterly empty and quiet at this time of night. She parks Baby, grabs one of the beers she’d pilfered from Bobby’s fridge, then hops up on the hood of the car and pops the top off of the bottle. Deanna takes a few sips, reflecting on the day.
Bless him, Sam seems to somehow understand his incoherent explanation. Dean hopes his brother is smart enough to read between the lines, hopes Jack explains (or has already explained) the terms of Castiel’s deal with the Entity, hopes Sam makes the connection Dean wasn’t able to, at least not until that final goodbye.
Castiel nudges Deanna, then flicks his eyes towards the blood that’s dribbling from under the officer’s hat. Deanna puts out a hand to block Castiel from approaching Ed, and says, “Uh, you, uh... you got a little something…” Ed touches his finger to the trail of blood. “...yeah.”
Clearly, he and Dean—and Sam and Bobby, when they were told—have a momentous task ahead of them. The very fate of the world rested in their hands. Castiel only hoped the four of them were strong enough to withstand the brunt of all that would test them in the weeks to come.
Bobby has just made the four of them stand for the customary “we’re probably all going to be dead tomorrow” photo, and is pouring out whisky for them when Deanna wanders outside, needing to clear her head for a bit.
“You—uh. What?” The familiar walls of the bunker seem to close in as Dean processes Jack’s words. “But you’re God!”
After securing a promise from Balthazar to meet in Sioux Falls in two days time, the angel vanishes with a rustle of wings. Castiel gathers the jug of holy oil, and then the angel zaps the two of them back to the motel in Easter. Deanna immediately goes to her bag, still on the counter from earlier. Aaron is gone; Deanna tries hard not to wonder what exactly happened, as there’s no sign of police presence.
“Well, uh. Bobby and me are gonna grab a beer. He's gonna catch me up on what he's found out about this Castiel thing.” Bobby is staring at Dean with an incredulous look on his face, and Dean holds up a hand to stay the questions for the time being.
Dean gives him a sidelong glance, still facing the silent lot in front of them. “How’d you know we finished up early?” Castiel doesn’t respond, so Dean continues, in a suspicious tone. “You spying on me, Cas?”
“It wasn’t you, obviously. It was Lucifer, pretending to be you.” Two squeezes. Dean laughs. “Yep, your old man woke him up from this fucking place to help out. But gimme a minute, I’ll get to that. See, he lies and says it was the Entity that booted him and that it wants him to have Chuck’s book to use. Lucifer brought a reaper with him, and kills her so that she becomes the new Death. She was the first reaper to die since Billie, so…” Dean trails off, well aware that Castiel has firsthand knowledge of what killing a reaper means. “She heads off to read the book, and when she comes back she says she knows how Chuck ends.
“Look, man,” Dean says. “Much as I’m glad you’re from the past—or. Future? Huh. Well, what I mean is I’m glad you’re already on my side here, Cas, but I don’t think we should tip our hands too early?”
Deanna reaches behind her, retrieving the jug of holy oil from where it had been stowed behind a—frankly quite hideous—house plant. “Unless you like your wings extra crispy,” she says, uncorking the bottle, “I'd think about it.”
Deanna flicks her lighter on and off. “You hear that, Crowley?” On and off. “That's me flicking my Bic for you.” On and off, on and off. She can hear Bobby say, “Going once,”
“I have no idea,” Castiel replies. “But I can read the mark and find the name of the angel that bought the soul.”
“Not much at that point. He cracked a safe hidden behind a painting, and guess what was inside?” She pauses for dramatic effect. Castiel just looks at her. Deanna sighs, then reveals, “The Colt, man. The freaking Colt! So I run upstairs and pop one into Ramiel’s back.” She leans back in her chair with what she knows is a smug smile on her face. “Princes of Hell, zero. Deanna Winchester, two.”
“I can't care about that, Deanna! I don't have the luxury,” Castiel snaps, before pushing his hand into Aaron’s chest. The boy screams, and Deanna bites her lip, balling her hands up into fists, watching as Aaron screams, his body lighting up from within. He stops screaming and grows still when Castiel withdraws his hand.
Said brother looks skeptical, and Dean remembers the last first time they were back in the Impala when he last first got back from Hell, remembers questioning Sam over Lilith and if he was using any of his
Cas’ hand snakes across the table, tilting Dean’s chin up from looking at the meal. Dean gulps, Adam’s apple bobbing beneath Castiel’s fingers. Cas examines him, eyes searching Dean’s face for something, God knows what, before he implores, “Eat.”
Deanna drives as fast and far as she can that night, barely stopping at the Gas-n-Sips that litter the highways for more than a piss and some coffee. She sleeps in the Impala after seven hours of driving, waking three hours later from a nightmare featuring Sam on the rack, Deanna’s hands on the knife as she carved into his flesh.
I will make an example of you: this is what happens to those who would dare defy Heaven, time and again.” The archangel slowly walks towards her.
“I know, Cas,” the Righteous Man says hoarsely. Dean clears his throat. “But all we gotta do is stop Lilith before 65 seals break. As long as she ain’t killed at St. Mary’s as the final seal, she won’t be alive to break it and the Cage will stay shut. Right?”
“They were trained to be generals,” Castiel picks up the thread of information. “To lead demonic armies in the war against Heaven.”
After a few minutes, Deanna hears two voices talking, then a whoosh of air, like the phone has been tossed, so she says, “Hiya, Crowley.”
Dean and Bobby exchange glances. “Must be the wrong room,” the latter concludes, before Sam steps into their line of view, saying, “Hey, is…” and then stopping dead when he sees just who's at the door.
Crowley’s face briefly freezes, before smoothing out. “No, can’t say that I have. Now, if you'll excuse me—”
Bobby sits down, and Dean knows that's his cue to ask about Sam. “So, uh… Sam. He okay? I couldn't reach him before.”
Raphael doesn’t keep them waiting long. They’re outnumbered by a good margin, and Deanna grips her angel blade tighter.
Bobby puts the flame thrower over the metal tub and the demon screams in pain. After a few moments, Bobby lowers the flame thrower. Burns have appeared on the demon’s vessel, starkly red against her skin.
Cas and Bobby both nod, having set everything up as the five of them, plus Rufus and Garth, had discussed earlier.
“Pleasure,” the hunter and the angel say in unison, still eyeing each other suspiciously. Bobby lowers the shotgun, at least.
To his credit (or maybe he’s just a little too South of sober to care), he doesn’t startle. “What’s up, kid?” Dean says, proud of himself for not slurring his words. Jack furrows his brow, looking at Dean with mild disappointment sketched into his youthful features. He raises a hand and
Deanna’s eyes dart around, trying to locate Bobby—alive and spitting curses at the angel holding him—, Balthazar, who just looks bored, and Cas, whose gaze finds hers, seemingly ignorant of the blade against his throat.
“Raphael!” He turns to look at her, face blank as ever. She’d smiled, more a baring of teeth than anything. “How’s it feel to be losing?”
statement, he might be correct in thinking that. “He’s off recruiting other angels to our cause,” she finally says, and takes another swig of beer.
The red of the demon’s eyes fades. “Does tying up demons in your basement make you feel better about that time that you killed your wife?” Both Deanna and Bobby stiffen slightly; the latter picks up a bag on the work table at the back of the room and brings it over to the demon.
“Hello, Deanna,” the angel responds, making note of his page in the book before setting it down on the bedside table.
“We coulda been doing this the whole time, huh? Ever since you came back the second time.” She sighs, ducks in for another kiss, soft and brief; a featherlight and honeysweet thing.
Dean tries to muster up the same incredulous tone as last time as he says, “You're kidding, you just let him go off by himself?” He has a feeling he doesn't quite manage it.
Deanna manages to avoid Castiel for the rest of the day, slinking into the kitchen in the early evening for a beer and to scrounge up some dinner; she’d spent all day underneath a 1974 Dodge Charger, and she’s starving. As she’s eating, she opens her phone and checks the picture of the tattoo Castiel had taken; it’s slightly blurry, but Deanna can make out the delicate black lines of a pair of wings, the feathers curved down towards her spine, as if they’re at rest. She powers her phone down, sighing.
Dean raises an eyebrow. “Huh,” is the extent of his response. He visibly collects himself, squaring his shoulders as he asks, “So, what gives, man? Why are we back here?”
The two brothers are quiet for a moment, before Sam starts. “Hey. You probably want this back.” He reaches under his shirt collar and pulls out Dean's amulet. Dean looks at it, the hurricane he's kept trapped in a butterfly net this whole time threatening to consume him, before taking it from Sam.
“Deanna?!” the hunter exclaims, jerking out of a doze and jumping up at the sight of them. He rushes over to her first, and when she’s deemed relatively unharmed, Bobby fixes his gaze on Castiel, Balthazar, Rachel, and Gabriel in turn. He opens his mouth to say something, probably to ask what the hell happened, but Gabriel cuts in before he can speak again.
Deanna swallows, and says, “It’s Michael defeating Lucifer. ‘As it was written,’” she mockingly quotes.
Her brother narrows his eyes, visibly wracking his brain. “Oh!” Sam says. “Yeah: don’t try to break me out and tell Cas how you feel. Looks like you’re oh for two, Dee,” her brother jokes, smiling.
She hears a rustle—fabric?—then a deep voice says, “They don't listen, Castiel, because their hearts are mine.” She grimaces.
Crowley inspects the bones, and puts them in the black bag he’s carrying. “What a good angel. Or is that an oxymoron?” He rises from the ground, and Deanna is struck with a thought. She reaches out and grabs the demon’s arm. Castiel and Crowley both tense.
Castiel frowns. “I doubt any of the angels aligned with Raphael will wish to grant us any miracles, Deanna.”
“Deanna is right. It’s highly unlikely that we will find anything useful here,” Castiel says, setting down—Deanna squints—something called
Cas’ right hand is clasped firmly in Dean’s left, but Dean refuses to think of the gesture as anything but a necessity, even though Cas’ speech before the Empty took him flits around the edges of Dean’s mind on a loop.
She sighs, and pats the bed next to her. Castiel sits down gingerly. They’re both quiet, parsing out their thoughts.
Okay, so Dean figures he’ll literally go insane before they even get halfway to the portal home if he doesn’t start talking soon. There’s only so long he can be alone with his thoughts before he sinks into despair, even with Cas right behind him.
Cas pulls her tighter against him, hand finding the back of her neck, where her wings, the only chance of survival they’ve got, lay.
Sam will comment, sometimes, or. Well, he’ll eye Dean’s plate with his eyebrow quirked up, which is as good as him reading Dean to filth. Dean’s used to it, though, and they have their routines down with nary a bump in the road when it comes to each other’s eating quirks.
“I see. Regardless, you shouldn’t feel ashamed of your soul. It is truly the most exquisite, brilliant one I have encountered in my years of existence.”
“Those liars, they killed my brother, and nothing bad even happened to them. It's not fair,” Aaron laments. “So I prayed to God every night He would punish them. God didn't answer. But he did.”
So Dean pretends to be coping when his brother’s around, drinks too much when Sam’s gone, and doesn’t hunt.
He hugs her again, until she shoves him off of her, saying, “Okay, that’s enough chick flick moments for one night,” as Sam laughs.
She turns to face him, stowing a gun in her waistband and a dagger in her boot before looking at him.
“Disappointing.” When the other hunter arches an eyebrow, she explains, “No bunny, and definitely no chocolate eggs.” She smirks, proud of her joke, but Bobby just rolls his eyes, muttering an exasperated
Deanna huffs a laugh, oddly touched by the sentiment, despite a voice in her head that sounds suspiciously like her dad’s saying,
The drive back to Sioux Falls is just under six hours, and the quiet of the car makes her teeth ache.
Caught off guard, Deanna shakes her head. At the movement, Castiel launches into a story about angelic interference near some river in Russia, and the ensuing explosion; Deanna falls asleep halfway through, and her dreams are filled with bright blue lights, bright blue eyes.
“Yeah, I couldn't agree more, but what other choice do we have?” Dean asks, ten different kinds of dread curling cold fingers around his spine.
It’s the fucking Colt. Three bullets rest in the box alongside it, and—she checks the cylinder—six bullets in the barrel. She looks at it for a moment, then a yell from above has her rushing upstairs, hastily flicking on the safety of her other gun, stowing it in the waistband of her jeans. She rounds the corner she’d been hiding behind before and sees the tableau: three bloody and battered angels, one slightly less battered Prince of Hell advancing on Castiel, who lies deathly still on the wood floor.
“Honestly?” The Entity looks frustrated. “I’m done with this—this drama. This way of yours, where you come in here and wake me up, make it loud, make it so I can’t
Dean knows he’s been watching their exchange like a semi-interesting tennis match thus far, but hearing that. Well. “Sounds like hell.”
Later, much later, after Bobby has been brought up to speed, after Dean pretends to fall asleep, after Sam sneaks out of the motel, Dean sits up. He grabs a notebook out of his duffel, and starts writing. He's only got one shot at making this right, after all, and all of the information he has knocking around his head should be written down.
She creeps towards it, flinching at every grunt and thud coming from the other room. Deanna descends the stairs into the darkness of the basement and comes face to face with that
She’s sure she’d drawn the devil’s trap correctly; she could do that with her eyes closed. The circle of holy fire had only bought them thirty seconds before the demon had extinguished it with the spear he’d pulled out of his back.
“You gonna let me at him, or are we just gonna have to stand here all night, girl?” Bobby asks from behind her. Deanna steps aside, letting Bobby give Sam a quick squeeze, and lead him inside. She stands on the porch, listening to Cas sincerely welcome her brother back, and what is probably the sound of Sam pulling the angel into a hug, given the quiet noise of surprise, and thinks
“You got what you want, now send me back,” the demon pleads. Bobby grabs a can of lighter fluid  from the work table and pours it over the bones. “No!” she says, as Bobby continues pouring the liquid into the barrel. “We had a deal!”
“Hands off, isn’t that what you said?” Dean starts at his brother’s voice, not having noticed Sam entering the room due to his total focus on what Jack was saying.
“Agents Green and McVie, FBI,” Deanna responds. “We're here to ask you a few follow-up questions about your partner's death.”
only breaking for Deanna to breathe, and lose themselves to pleasure under the night sky, find each other under the blanket of stars.
Castiel nods, torn between dropping his gaze to the ground in shame and needing to reassure himself that Dean is here with him, that this is the Dean who caused him to rebel, who fought alongside him against fate and destiny, who he betrayed in countless ways with his lies, who he didn't realize was his family until far too late.
Deanna hums, considering. “You know, now that I think about it, maybe I'll just,” she sparks her lighter, “napalm your ass anyhow.”
Dean swallows and says, “Yeah, thanks for that.” He doesn't bother going for Ruby's knife, but Bobby does; he plunges it into Cas' chest, and looks almost offended when it does nothing. Cas pulls the knife out and places it on the table; Bobby doesn't get a chance to comment on this sequence of events, because Cas touches two fingers to the older hunter's forehead and he goes down like a lead balloon, like the first time.
“I—I don't,” Bobby replies, backing up, and Dean catches him going for the knife, and says, “Yeah, me neither.” He steps into the house, tensing in anticipation, before continuing, “But here I am.”
“He just... gave it to you?” Deanna scoffs. “Ah, come on. He didn't just give it to you, did he, Aaron?”
Dean’s crestfallen look is quickly masked by more of what Castiel can now see is false cheer. His friend is strung tight as a wire, eyes nervously darting to Sam whenever Dean thinks his brother isn’t looking. Castiel sighs and settles in to wait for a moment alone with Dean.
Bobby approaches them. “All right, we got four of ours dead,” he says grimly. “Considerin’ what we were up against, it ain’t too bad.” He sighs. “Me and Garth and Rufus are gonna go build the pyres. You two comin’?”
Deanna flicks open her lighter, and drops it onto the grass where they’d poured a wide circle of holy oil before. The ring of fire surrounds Raphael—and her.
“...Fine,” Deanna agrees. Castiel releases Crowley, and the three eye each other warily. Crowley huffs, and finally says, “This was fun, but I really must go. I've a little hell to raise.”
“When I was in search of my Father, I spent much of my time contemplating your words from the ‘Green Room.’” Another non sequitur.
When things start getting more heated, Cas’ hips jerking slightly against hers, a warm coil of pleasure settling in at the base of her spine and low in her belly, she thinks and then immediately discards the thought of moving this to the backseat of the Impala. She wants this night under the stars, just the two of them, no chance of the ghost of another angel interrupting this.
” Her voice rings across the field. As one, Raphael’s followers release the angels and humans they’re holding. She nods, satisfied, before ordering, “Get on your knees.”
Cas steps away from them, and turning his face to the sky, shouts, “I'm here, Raphael. Come and get me, you little bastard.”
“Don't you think the police will take him home?” Castiel states, more than asks, and has already lifted two fingers to whisk them away once again.
Castiel and Deanna turn as one. Behind them stands a kid, brandishing what looks to Deanna like a tree branch as if it were a gun.
They quiet down as a waiter appears, and takes both of their orders. The brothers continue their conversation.
The two in conversation jerk around to face Dean as he skids to a stop next to Cas, a huge grin breaking out on his face as Dean takes in the angel. He looks—well. He looks the same as he had when they last spoke, except this time Dean can examine him knowing Death isn’t hot on their heels. Yeah, Dean’ll admit it: Cas looks good, if a bit peeved. The irritation slowly melts into horror as he registers Dean’s presence.
“You sure you did the ritual right?” Dean can't help but poke at Bobby, and a fierce ache ricochets through him at the older hunter's expression. Dean's missed him. “Sorry. Touchy, touchy, huh?”
“Hey, what the hell?” Dean says, trying to muster up some gumption and indignation, more for Jack’s sake than his own, if he’s being honest.
Castiel shifts on his feet, a starkly human motion, before saying, “I’ve been thinking that perhaps it would be prudent to recruit other angels to our… cause. I can think of a few who might be sympathetic to our plight—Rachel, Inias, and Hester, to begin. Maybe more.”
Right. Dean. Castiel sighs, the reality of the situation creeping back in. He takes flight again, leaving Anna Milton behind as she fumbles in her backpack for some headache medicine to block out the voices of her past.
“The base of my neck,” she finishes. “There should be a tattoo or something?” She pulls her hair to one side so the angel can see.
, join the fray. Dean and Cas both step back as Dick convulses, a tortured and prolonged groan ripping out of him.
“They both had it coming. Me, too. I'll be the next to go, and then it'll be over. And God will be satisfied.”
Bobby must’ve sent word out to all the hunters in his network, since one by one they arrive. Most Deanna knows only in passing and she greets them briefly. Others, she’s more familiar with; Rufus gives her a wave that she returns, and Garth smiles widely at her before squeezing Deanna in his customary hug that she reluctantly endures. In total, about a dozen hunters are milling about Singer Salvage Yard, plus Bobby and her.
“Chuck shows, because of course he does. Michael tipped him off to our ‘plan’ so he thought he had an advantage. Chuck almost immediately kills Michael for betraying him, back when we first ran into him again: more energy for Jack to soak up. Chuck says he’s done with us, and Sam—get this—
Whatever Rufus says causes Bobby to scrabble for a pencil on the cluttered desk. He scribbles down what the other hunter says, then responds with, “Great. I don't know what that's gonna get me.”
It begins to read the words scrawled on the page before letting out a laugh. Dean’s eyes cut to Castiel, only to find the angel already staring at him, lips parted in shock and what looks like—huh. If Dean didn’t know better, he’d say
“It’s the best lead we’ve got, Deanna,” Bobby rebuffs her. “We oughtta chase it, see where it takes us.”
“And who's giving it to them, Darryl?” Deanna asks, tone accusing. “Did you kill Toby Gray and the others?”
“Ugh. All this angel teleporting crap is giving me a stomachache,” Deanna grouses, before looking up at the lavish mansion in front of them. “Huh. I was expecting more Dr. No, less Liberace.”
“Losing?” He booms, and lightning illuminating the darkened cemetery for a moment. “I believe you’re mistaken, girl.”
The scene: Meg, slouched on a throne like she was made for it, dark eyes burning into a trench coat-clad figure that can only be—
“Yeah. I’ve gone international. Very exciting. In fact, I’m in your neck of the woods!” She pauses, and can’t resist asking, “Did you really used to wear a skirt?”
“What you said… about how you would take the pain and the guilt over Paradise. At the time, I disobeyed my orders because I could see, within your very soul, that you believed that.” He pauses, hesitating, before continuing, “I didn’t fully understand, then, human emotions. But the more I got to know you, know Sam… the more I realized why you’d fought so viciously against Heaven’s plan, the more I understood. We fought against Heaven, and destiny, because of the love you had for your brother.”
The other hunter just shakes his head in dissent or exasperation or both, and they walk towards where the rest of the group is milling about.
“I dunno, God works in mysterious ways, right?” Dean ponders aloud, then seems to tense. Castiel tenses, glancing around—unsure whether he's expecting a Leviathan, or Zachariah, or any of the other countless obstacles they've faced together to appear—but is interrupted by Dean questioning, “Hang on,
Sam looks on the verge of tears, and Dean feels it like a knife to the gut. Sam pulls him into a desperate, clinging hug, and Dean returns the embrace.
The angel swivels his head to look at her head-on, eyes silver-pale and liquid in the weak moonlight. “Why
They arrive in the cemetery, and Deanna can’t help the instinctive shudder that runs through her. The last time she’d been here flashes through her mind: Rock of Ages blaring as she’d pulled in, the sight of Lucifer wearing Sam’s skin, the condescension of both of the angels as she’d interrupted their dick measuring contest,
Cas cuts him off before he can speak: “Finish your food. After all, I made such a ‘fuss’ over it.” The fucker does the air quotes and everything, a playful glint in his eyes. Dean snorts.
Castiel has believed himself to be impervious to most surprises, but the shortening of his name catches him off guard. He examines Dean Winchester closely and finds he looks the same—body and soul—as he did the first time they met, but the recognition in his eyes is definitely not the same.
doesn't have time to consider now—as he mindlessly grabs some snacks and energy bars and water, shoving them haphazardly them into a plastic bag. Dean doesn't bother stealing cash from the register like he did last time, but instead braces himself.
“If the angel we seek truly bought this boy's soul, when a claim is laid on a living soul, it leaves a mark, a brand.”
“Then, Jack said he sensed some kind of presence. Couldn’t tell what it was, but we figured we’d check it out. If it was friendly, great. If not, well… we didn’t have anything to lose at that point. Eventually, we wind up at a church. The kid says the presence is coming from inside, so we head in. Turns out it was Michael.” Cas grips his hand twice, with urgency. “Yeah. It was just him, too; when Chuck wiped out humanity, Adam got sent to Heaven.” Dean thinks it over. “Looking back, I’m glad the poor bastard wasn’t sharing that meatsuit.
“Lemme guess: it was Professor Plum in the kitchen, with a candlestick.” Bobby only glares at her, so Deanna relents, and says, “Okay, I’ll bite. What’s the deal?”
“Sorry,” Bobby says, slightly sheepish. “Can't be too careful.” He tosses Dean a towel, which Dean takes gratefully and wipes his face with.
Deanna, Castiel, Balthazar, and Rachel land in the brush outside of a darkened house at the address Crowley had coughed up earlier.
he’d said. So, she’d spent a few minutes getting used to pulling it out of the base of her neck, which is thankfully less painful than the process of putting it in the first time. She’d subsequently spent a few hours sparring with other hunters that were proficient with knives, taking care not too whack them too hard with the angelic weapon, trying to get used to fighting with something almost as tall as her. For whatever reason, whether it was the fact that Deanna was supposed to be Michael’s vessel or that the damn thing was melded with her soul, she had found it easy to wield, twirling it like an extension of herself. After knowing that, at the very least, she’d be able to handle it, she’d surrendered the Colt to Bobby.
The hunter snorts, before clarifying: “With Heaven and all. You led a revolution, boy, ain’t you gonna have the run of the place?”
to come back. Maybe he was just done.” Dean lets out a hollow-sounding laugh. “I understand the feeling.”
Deanna waits outside the mansion, trying to breathe as quietly as possible. An angel, with his blade already in hand, walks by her hiding spot, and as she steps out from the shadows, she cockily greets him, “Hey, there.” The angel turns to face her, and she holds her own angelic weapon up so that it glints in the moonlight. “Yeah, I’ve got one of those, too.”
It’s brutal, and bloody, and Deanna quickly loses count of the number of angels she drops, their Grace exploding white from their eyes and mouth, Cas at her back doing the same.
She snorts. “Yeah, dumbass. ‘We.’ What’s the plan to stop your dick brother from having another showing of
Dean’s instinct to scoff is one he reigns in; he is, after all, potentially taking a one-way trip to nonexistence and Sam deserves his—ugh—real feelings.
“Well, Cas doesn’t wanna be ‘the new sheriff in town,’” the archangels informs her. Deanna turns to Cas in surprise; he’s looking at Gabriel with hope shading the blue of his eyes. The Trickster continues, “So I’m gonna strap on my gun and badge and,” he heaves an exaggerated sigh, “run Heaven. Ugh.”
She doesn’t even hesitate, or make a quippy comment; she aims the Colt and fires, hitting Ramiel in the center of his back. A perfect kill shot.
The lines on Cas’ forehead smooth out, and he softly presses his mouth to hers in a brief peck. Deanna shakes her head, laughing, before dragging him into a longer kiss, still gentle, but deeper. Cas wraps his arms around her waist, and they kiss as the sky lightens to a pale blue.
Out of the corner of her eye, she sees Cas and Balthazar moving towards her, and Bobby barking commands at the hunters and angels alike to check bodies and to
A fluttering of wings, before, “It’s called the Lance of Michael, and the Host has no bloody clue where it is. You think I would’ve passed up on the chance to steal that?”
Ignoring her, Castiel enters the house and Deanna follows him, taking note of the—frankly quite creepy—family photos on the walls with the faces scratched out. Dread dripping like cold water down her spine, Deanna and the angel find Ed in his office using a screwdriver to scratch out his face in a police portrait.
She huffs. “Touché.” They’re all quiet for a minute, before she continues, “So, what are we gonna do about this?”
“Makes sense,” she replies, taking a sip. “Hopefully their foxholes will keep ‘em safe until the showdown.” She sighs, weary down to the marrow of her bones. Between helping Bobby with research into the lance from the books in his collection, or joining him on day-long trips to the Sioux Falls University Library, and attempting to convince the hunters they know to fight in Heaven’s civil war, she’s been hunting. Deanna is only just back from what was supposed to be a routine salt and burn that quickly grew into something more, that something involving a sock puppet and one sweet old lady who’d turned out to be anything but. She turns to Castiel.
And, well. If his foot bumps against Cas’ underneath the kitchen table a few times, and Castiel nudges back... and when Cas shepherds him out of the kitchen, flicking off the lights, maybe something about the dim lighting gives Dean the nerve to touch Cas’ hand.
Dick roars, his true face—the grotesque, wide open mouth filled with countless sharp teeth and an elongated tongue—appearing and whipping back and forth as his death knell fills the room before he abruptly falls silent. The whole room is quiet for a beat, two, Dean's eyes fixed on Dick as he grimaces with just his human face, aware of Sam and Kevin in his peripheral and Cas behind the Leviathan, and black ooze leaks from Dick's nose and mouth and neck as his face softens into smugness, and that's when the first pulse hits Dean. The second pulse, Dick grinning with a heretofore unseen mania. Threefourfivesix pulses, the room rumbling. Seveneightnineten, and the rumbling and pulsing stops.
—by Sam calling his name. It sounds like he's done it a few times before he finally got Dean's attention.
“Seriously? The three of us spent, like, a week straight doing nothing but reading your crap,” she gestures at said pile of crap, “and you find something in the couple of days you
“I like to think it's because of my perky nipples,” Dean echoes his quip from last time. The waiter just looks at him. “I don't know. Wasn't my doing—I don't know who pulled me out.”
Deanna is rummaging through the trunk of the Impala when she feels a familiar displacement of air and hears the sound of feathers. Her lips curl up into a slight smile.
“Yeah, it’s Michael killing Lucifer. But the ‘how’ is what’s interestin’.” Bobby gestures for her to come closer, and she does, plopping down in the chair across from him.
Bobby says something else that Deanna doesn’t catch, and finishes up with the words, clearly heard: “We torch your bones, you go up in flames.”
Dean scoffs, channeling some of his anger over Sam and Ruby into his, well, acting. Sam scowls, stands, and angrily says, “Look, Dean, I wish I had done it, all right? I tried, okay? I tried
Deanna snorts. “I know, right? It’s been a long few months.” Her throat tightens, and she chokes out, “I really missed you, Sammy.”
“No. He just said I could have justice, but I was gonna have to take it myself. He... he gave me the stick.”
Bobby looks up from his desk, where he’d been poring over—something, she can’t quite remember, though she knows he’d mentioned it over breakfast. Bobby’s eyebrows raise, before he bluntly says, “Cas. What’re you doin’ here? Thought you’d be enjoying Heaven, or whatever it is you angels do when you’re not jumpstarting the Apocalypse.”
“You have the amulet? The paper?” Jack appears out of nowhere, Sam and Dean both jumping out of their respective skins.
“No, no, I just—” She cuts herself off, trying to organize the jumble of thoughts filling her head, thoughts like
“This is pointless,” Deanna groans, seven hours and five cups of coffee later, head thumping down onto the copy of
The room is silent, save for Deanna’s harsh breathing and a wet coughing coming from Balthazar. Deanna spares a quick glance at him—injured but alive—and at Rachel—injured and unconscious, but also alive—before rushing to Castiel’s side. He’s not moving, not breathing, not really, but there’s no charred wings on the floor so—
She makes the drive in what has to be record time, if they keep records on trips to South Dakota from Pennsylvania. She shakes her head in an attempt to clear her thoughts, and as she pulls into the welcome lot of Singer Salvage Yard, silently cajoles herself into clearing thoughts of her brother from her mind, at least for the time being.
Castiel’s eyes flit to the side, before meeting hers. “No, my Heaven definitely would not include you questioning me about that,” he murmurs. “Deanna. Tell me what happened while I was unconscious.”
Deanna surprises herself by actually laughing, albeit quietly, at how foreign the phrase sounds coming from his mouth. “Well,” she begins, knocking her shoulder purposefully against his once, then twice, before settling closer until they’re pressed together shoulder to feet. “I’ll make an exception just this once. For you.”
Dean grimaces, knowing Bobby will blame the expression on only about half of what's wrong at the moment, because this errand? This is what he's been dreading the most.
Castiel, still invisible, arrives at Singer Salvage Yard. More specifically, he lands in Bobby’s kitchen. To his surprise, the Winchesters and Bobby Singer are sitting at the table, exhaustedly eating a meal despite the clear signs of some kind of struggle having taken place recently.
Dean avoids looking anywhere in the vicinity of either of their faces as he says, “I—fine. So I do it. I go into the Empty, and what? We get to just walk out? Because of the power of l—uh. Because of our profoun—hm. Because?” Dean settles on. He looks up just in time to catch an absolutely epic eye roll from Sam which he ignores. It sucks being the (metaphorically) bigger person.
“No,” the waiter replies, “but I think you do.” His eyes flick to black. Dean glances around and confirms that the other people in the restaurant—the hostess, the other lone customer, and the line cook—are all demons as well, before the waiter addresses him, saying, “Dean. To Hell and back. Aren't you a lucky duck?”
She laughs sharply, harshly, the sound loud in the otherwise silent house. “Yeah, Cas, I’m just grand. My brother died—no, worse than that—a week ago, but I’m absolutely fine, thanks very much for asking,” she says, the words dripping with sarcastic vitriol.
Then, always needing to have the last word, Raphael signaled to his followers and so the fighting began.
Dean splutters. “Where was that attitude when you’ve been tiptoeing around me this past month like I’m some kind of—of baby to be coddled?!” Dean thinks he hears Sam mutter something about how
They stare at each other for a minute, before finally the archangel says, “I bet you’ve got tons of questions, so let me try to answer them before you start with the third degree: no, Lucifer didn’t kill me. I escaped the same way I escape all of my assassination attempts: by playing a Trickster. The lance is currently residing in your soul, but you can pull it out,” he pauses to smirk at his wording, “from the base of your neck, just like Ramiel. I even gave you a tattoo there so you’d remember. Nifty, huh? What else?” Gabriel taps his chin. “Oh! Cas here and my other baby sibs will be just fine; Castiel and Rachel just need some zees, then they’ll be good to go.” The angel pauses. “I think that about covers it, so—”
she’d been leafing through. “Hunters didn’t even know angels existed until you pulled me out of Hell, man, why would there be any mention of something that could kill one of ‘em in any of the lore?”
Deanna freezes, her feet stuttering to a stop. She looks at Bobby, then Cas, before rushing to the front door, yanking it open with her heart caught in her throat, to see—
She doesn’t see the angel for the next few hours, as the sky darkens and fills with stars, and Deanna is so intent on her avoidance of Castiel that she doesn’t think to ask Bobby where he is until the other hunter asks her, “Cas tell you when he’ll be back?”
“No,” Castiel denies. At Dean’s raised eyebrow, he relents, mouth quirking up slightly. “I saw the three of you eating dinner and recalled it took longer last time.” Dean huffs, triumphant.
Later, much later, Deanna drives them back to Bobby’s, Cas sitting shotgun with his hand warm on her thigh. They tiptoe up the stairs to the guest room, falling into bed in a tangle of satiated limbs. Deanna sighs, and presses close to Cas under the blankets.
Sam might be able to offer. He just. He didn’t want to make the tragedy of him and Cas anymore tragic, all right?
But Dean watches with a distant kind of horror as Dick removes the black goo-covered bone from his chest and
“You know I couldn't dig up jack or squat on this thing. Why the hell didn't you tell him?” Bobby demands to know.
Deanna tromps up the stairs, changing into clothes fit for sleep before flopping back onto the bed. As soon as her head hits the pillow, she’s reminded of the fact that Castiel had been the mattress’ last occupant. She sighs, then flips over onto her stomach.
“After you got taken, I—um. Well, me and Sam and Jack met up in Hastings. Chuck had erased everyone by that point, except for us. So we figured we had to regroup. Sammy and me noticed Jack doin’ something weird to the plants as he walked by them, and it turns out ever since he became that bomb that was supposed to explode Chuck and Amara? He’s been absorbing energy from things big and small. That’s when our plan started to formulate.
Movement out of the corner of her eye has her twisting, instinctively pointing the gun at the form of—
If there was a quiz of the events that have thus far taken place in Dean Winchester's life, he's certain he wouldn't ace the whole thing. Despite having literally been there for all of it, Dean's recall isn't perfect. The mooks he's put down over the years all begin to blur together, and they're the same at their core, right? But Dean knows some parts of the epic tragedy that's his life down to the last detail: that last fight between his dad and Sammy and him before Sam left for Stanford; the words his dad whispered about putting Sammy down if it came to that; the hellhounds tearing into him and dragging him down; the way he had to claw his way out of his own grave—twice, now; the light in Saint Mary's Convent as Lucifer was sprung from his cage; the hollowed out look in Cas' eyes as they drove to kill the Devil in the post-Apocalypse future that never was; the sound and heat of the explosion that took Ellen and Jo from them; the way the ground yawned open and swallowed Sam and Adam; the betrayal of Sam's soullessness; the betrayal of Cas' lies catching up to them all; the image of the Leviathan crawling under Cas' skin as he demanded they bow before him; the slight smile on Bobby's face and the flatlining of his heart when he died; the roar Dick let loose before exploding and sending Dean back in time…
The unfamiliar voice chuckles. “Same thing happened to Lot's wife. Iodize the poor sucker, and your kitchen is stocked for life,” he laughs.
Forget drinking demon blood; this is his little brother's most grievous offense. Dean wipes his own blood off his face.
The archangel’s blade falls to the ground and he looks up at her, eyes wide with genuine emotions: shock, anger, fear. Deanna, her hand still on the wooden shaft of the lance, leans forward.
Apropos of nothing, Castiel says, “Did I ever tell you the story of the chaos my brothers caused when they were stationed in Russia, in 1908?”
Out of the corner of her eye, Deanna sees Castiel nod, and the two of them lapse into silence, nothing but the sound of crickets chirping and a faint breeze ruffling through the trees and Deanna’s hair, nothing but the stars above them.
“You sold your soul to an angel?” Deanna asks skeptically. She turns to Castiel, and quietly asks, “Can that even happen?”
Balthazar looks at her, and smirks slightly. “Nothing for you to worry about, dear. Now. Let’s go find me—er, us—a weapon capable of killing an archangel, shall we?”
“Okay, but,” Deanna clears her throat, which had, at some point during that little speech, been filled with a lump. “Why does that stop you from flying off to get more of your friends to help us out against Raphael? The more guys we get on our side, the better the chance we have of preventing Apocalypse two-point-oh, and making sure Sammy didn’t die for nothin’.”
“Fuck,” Dean says, voice cracking. He turns away from Castiel for a moment, scrubbing a hand over his face, before facing the angel. “You—remember, then?”
Dean hadn't remembered how good of an actor each of them were, but they sure had him fooled the first time around. He tamps down his anger as Ruby says, “Uh, got it. I guess.” There's an awkward pause. “Look, I should probably go.”
Bobby and Deanna exchange looks. Bobby brings the flames down to the barrel of bones, and vehemently says, “I want Crowley's name now!” The demon screams, her flesh blistering and burning. “Crowley's name!”
“Chuck beats us up pretty badly: he decided not to snap us out of existence because he wanted to hurt us around one more time, I guess, which releases
She smiles. “Hey, Cas. Wanna join me?” She pats the space next to her in invitation. Castiel nods, carefully climbing onto the hood and mimicking her recline against the windshield, eyes on the stars.
Castiel presses the blade deeper into Crowley’s neck, and blood trickles down from the cut. “What. Do. You. Know?” the angel growls.
If she were a different woman, Deanna would be swooning. Since she’s not, she dives back in for another kiss, deeper this time, Cas responding with fervor, one hand still on her face, thumb sweeping gentle half moons under her eye, and one on her back, fingers reverently walking up and down her spine.
“Are you seriously suggesting that Dean goes to the Empty to get Cas back?” Sam sounds three parts incredulous, one part admiring.
He breathes in, the air stale and warm, before realizing it's not the darkness that feels so confining, but instead the space itself. His eyes dart around uselessly, before—
She brings her attention away from the voices in her head—she’s definitely losing it—and back to the situation at hand. Castiel is still holding her arms, broad palms warming her bared skin.
before she drops into dreamland, but they’re probably gonna die tomorrow; might as well go into the fight with her patchwork heart resting in Cas’ hands. She can’t think of a safer place for it to be.
All others from his garrison seem unlikely: even Rachel, his former lieutenant, was far too trusting in the plan Heaven laid out for them until seeing the alternative. Castiel stares hopelessly down at the Fairy Meadows, his ability to see the grassland aided by his celestial sight, before he’s struck with an idea.
“Aside from the church bells ringing in my head?” Dean asks, recognizing the painful irony of his phrasing. “Peachy.” He pulls out his phone and calls Sam.
Recognizable dialogue comes from the episodes 6.17 My Heart Will Go On, 6.04 Weekend at Bobby’s and 12.12 Stuck in the Middle (With You); chapter title comes from In The Light by Led Zeppelin.
a fan of how quiet and hesitant the kid sounds, no sir, “have you ever heard the story of Orpheus and Eurydice?”
“Not much,” Balthazar replies, sweeping imaginary lint off his shoulder. “It was Michael’s, obviously, and designed to kill Lucifer. No one has seen it in, oh, a few millennia, give or take.”
“Well!” she claps her hands together briefly, before striding towards the door. “You go block angel ears from the rest of the house, and then we’ll all hit the books together. Maybe we missed something last time.”
.” He’s practically shouting by the time he says that. Jack opens his mouth to speak, but Dean cuts him off with, “Cas is gone. He left, and he ain’t coming back. I’ve accepted that.” He swallows, then amends, “I’m working on accepting it.”
“What are you two up to?” Sam inquires, eyes flicking between the bottle of whiskey and Dean’s eyes, as if to check the level of sobriety Dean’s got going on. He’s about to sneer at Sam’s mother henning before realizing a) that’d be hypocritical and b) it’s probably not the first time Sam’s had to gauge his lack of teetotalism in recent weeks.
reason, by God or Dick or somethin' else… but I say we make the best of a messed up situation. You in?”
Deanna ignores her, except to idly toss her angel blade from one hand to the other; the crossroads demon follows its path. Bobby steps closer to her as Deanna retreats to the back of the room. “Where were we?” he says.
She nods, and Bobby sits behind the desk again, taking a sip of whisky and gesturing for her to take a look. She rounds the corner of the desk as well, and peers over his shoulder. “What’s that?”
“So, are you two, like… together?” Ruby interjects. Sam turns to her in surprise, like he'd forgotten she was there.
He decides to leave Ruby’s knife behind, electing to take a spare angel blade and his trusty Colt. Dean figures he won’t need much else, but Sam hands him a water bottle and—ew—a granola bar. He makes a face, and Sam laughs. “Sure hope it doesn’t come down to me having to eat this shit,” Dean grumbles, tossing it in his duffel nonetheless.
Before she drops off, she thinks she remembers feeling the press of Castiel’s cheek on the top of her head, and a whispered, “You’re… my best friend as well, Dee.”
Ramiel stumbles, body jerking. He drops the lance as he drops to his knees, head twisting around to see the face of his killer before he falls over. Dead.
Deanna whips around. Castiel is behind her, and is unharmed save for a few wrinkles in his trench coat.
“I didn’t intend for my absence to be so lengthy,” he replies, still staring unblinkingly at her. “I was wondering if, perhaps, we might speak inside?”
There are so few who would be willing to help them amongst the angels; Balthazar, perhaps, but Castiel is unsure of how loyal his friend would be in this matter, especially before the book has been torn up. No, Balthazar would rather side with the likely winners in this war, and Castiel recognizes that the Winchesters and Bobby Singer wouldn’t look much like winners to those not especially familiar with them. He discards Gabriel for the same reason, knowing the archangel hadn’t intervened until the very last minute the first go around. However, Castiel doesn’t entirely dismiss the idea: Gabriel was willing to help in the eleventh hour, so it wouldn’t be entirely out of the realm of possibility.
“Somehow, I don't think God will be bringing you back this time.” Raphael intones, and Deanna is tensing to do something spectacularly foolish but no way is she gonna stand back and let another member of her family die while she—
“How was Easter?” he asks, heading towards his desk, which somehow accumulated more books since the last time she was there.
He can still recall with startling clarity the way Cas busted—literally—into his life the first time around. The way the angel saw through him in an instant, the head tilt that preceded the question that rattled Dean to the core:
Bobby's composure breaks, and he pulls Dean into a tight hug which is returned with double the strength, the weight of the past few months—years, really—and all of the countless losses and hurts and betrayals uncoiling slightly from his spine. The two separate, and Bobby shakily says, “It's—it's good to see you, boy.”
She cries a little, she’ll be the first to admit it; she thinks she’s entitled, given the circumstances and the day she’s had. Besides, she’s ninety percent sure he’s crying, too. Deanna and Sam stand there for the longest time, arms wrapped around each other, before he eventually gasps out, “Dee. Can’t—breathe.” She releases him immediately, and swipes a hand over her eyes, and they grin at each other.
before she stops thinking about anything but the heat of Cas’ mouth on hers and the press of his body against her, and Deanna rolls them so she’s stretched out on top of him, hands gripping his skull and his tongue is sliding against hers, warm and wet and
“Look at you, all in a rush,” the demon mocks. “Foreplay…” she pauses, uncrossing and recrossing her legs, “…gets you more play.” Deanna rolls her eyes.
Wait. “Wait,” Dean interjects before Sam and Jack get further into the discussion. “How come I’m the one who’d go? Why not you, or—or Jack, why…” He trails off at the look of
Rufus must say something that confirms he’ll do Bobby the favor, and then Bobby distantly replies, “Something like that…”
By that point, it's too late to take it back. Castiel doesn't know why he's here, but perhaps his Father saw it fit to punish him by putting him back at the start of everything—the start for him, at least.
“He must have escaped at some point. It’s possible he summoned one of his followers, or that when Lucifer and Michael entered the cage he was freed,” Castiel replies.
had she been tense. She nods her thanks at the angel, who then says, “It’s impossible to know. As soon as he can, but precisely when that will be, I’m unsure.”
Dean mulls Castiel’s words over, before nodding once. “All right, all right. We can try to recruit her to our little dream team.” Dean laughs hollowly. “Team Free Will: electric boogaloo. This time, we’ve got a grumpy old scrapper, a current blood junkie, an amnesiac fallen angel, and two guys out of time. What could go wrong?”
or whatever and save his sorry ass from the current hellish existence he’s living is gone, and it feels like his heart is being crushed, same as the last time he saw Billie.
Deanna turns her head side to side, taking in the motel room they were working out of. A glance at Castiel reveals the angel carrying Aaron on his shoulder, placing him on the bed.
“Damn,” Colfax says. “My head's been itching like a dirty jock.” With that, he falls forward, his face landing on the broken glass of the picture frame.
“Figured we'd have to catch you off guard,” Dean informs Dick, a trickle of triumph beginning to make its way through him as the thought of a hunt—and a bluff—well done starts to seep in.
At first, Castiel was so celestial, so untouchable, that such a thing as a sandwich crust wouldn’t have occurred to him to wonder about. What’s a bit of bread to a warrior of Heaven, after all?
Cas opens his mouth, but before he can say anything Meg cuts in with a sardonic laugh. “Well, isn’t this cute! Come to rescue your pet?”
In a sudden realization, Dean marvels at the fact he’s finally choosing someone over Sam. Finally, he’s choosing his
Deanna shivers slightly, and goes to the fridge to grab herself a beer, cognizant of the fact that those paintings almost came to life, except it would’ve been her—or her body, at least—standing triumphant over Sam’s form. She pops the cap off of the bottle, and takes a long drink.
Well, that’s not quite right. He can see just fine; it’s just that as far as the eye can see, there’s only abyssal blackness.
Castiel can't do anything but nod in response, ready to follow the Righteous Man—no. Ready to follow
“Why did you bring Rufus into this and not me?” Deanna grouses, watching as Bobby dials the other hunter. Bobby shrugs.
“Now, you’re not gonna like this next bit, but I promise it worked out.” Dean takes a deep breath. “Me and Sam, we figure Michael’s gonna side with Chuck now that Lucifer is gone again. Try to get back on Daddy’s good side. So we lie to him about being able to read Chuck’s book, that Sam is gonna try to translate it—surprised he bought it, honestly—but Jack and I distract him by convincing him to help us look through the lore.
It’s midnight, and Dean is exhausted after a long day of driving back to the bunker, of the loudness of the highway and the radio. So when Cas offers to bring him something to eat, Dean mumbles an affirmative, expecting Castiel to rummage around in the fridge and nuke some leftovers.
By then, the Entity has finished reading whatever Jack thought could convince a cosmic being to spit Cas back out to Earth and is looking between Dean and Castiel with a thoughtful expression. “The kid wants me to let you go, Castiel. Says he’s God now, and he requests I let you and Dean here walk out of here alive.” The Entity pauses, before a dark smile tugs the corner of its lips up. “What he doesn’t say, though, is I have to let you go without a fight. Says I can make a deal, in fact, to make up for the small matter of you reneging on our terms, Clarence.
of all things. She shoulders the door to Bobby’s place open and grimaces; she must’ve bruised it worse than she’d thought. She enters the sitting room slash library and sees Bobby sitting at his desk, nursing a glass of dark brown liquid. He looks up and grunts a greeting at her.
Raphael had begun approaching her at that, eyes narrowed in a mixture of disgust and befuddled amusement, regarding her like one would regard a bug before stepping on it.
“Where's what?” he asks, playing along, playing dumb. He has a feeling he's gonna have to get used to that.
The painting seen in the Green Room and shown by Bobby to Deanna is titled St. Michael Killing the Dragon by Josse Lieferinxe.
Deanna enters the house, trying to keep her footfalls as light as possible. She hears a voice saying, “You're making a mistake.”
“If there’s a place worse than Hell, I hope that’s where you end up.” He’s still looking at her, the black lines that were snaking under his skin finally reaching his face, so she twists the lance and continues, “That was for my brother, you son of a bitch.”
The sky grows dark with storm clouds, thunder rumbling and lightning flashing first in the distance, slowly moving closer.
“Well, what is it? His face?” she asks. She faces forward again, but reaches into her back pocket for her phone. “Is it something cool? I hope it’s—” she cuts off, feeling Castiel’s fingertips gently skimming the area the ink should be. It’s Deanna’s turn to inhale, sharply, at the brush of his skin against hers.
The angel peers at her, tilting his head in that birdlike way of his. “That makes you uncomfortable.”
Both Bobby and Sam are looking at him like he's gone off the deep end—rightly so—and Dean scrambles to find a way to keep Pamela out of this. An idea clicks into place, and he blurts out, “Castiel.”
“And he feels the same.” Deanna can’t bring herself to say the L word, not even in the quiet of the night.
Within half an hour, she and Castiel are on the road to Easter, Pennsylvania. Deanna nods down at the files sitting between them, and says, “Well, go on.” Castiel just looks at her, so she prompts, “Read me what’s so important that Bobby sent us hunting monsters instead of hunting weapons.”
Deanna stops walking towards the door, keys jingling in her hand. “Why the hell not? We’re meeting your buddy at Bobby’s in two days. We’ve gotta get on the road now, or we’ll be late.”
Dean says nothing as they walk away from the demon-filled diner, but Sam can't seem to help himself, asking, “We're not just going to leave them in there, are we, Dean?”
They’re still standing in the sigil-covered barn, Bobby crumpled on the floor but sleeping peacefully. Castiel considers him, before snapping his eyes back onto Dean. “You don’t think it wise to inform Sam and Bobby?” he asks.
“Dean, come on.” His annoying brother says in an annoying tone of voice. Dean is annoyed. “I know you’re not great with mythology, but Orpheus and Eurydice is a story about—”
It’s afternoon in Ohio, and the college green hums with a quiet sort of energy. As Castiel follows Anna, he debates on how to best go about this.
It’s after midnight, and Dean has just realized the being sitting in front of him knows all of that, and still sits placidly in front of him, at the kitchen table when he doesn’t even eat. For
Deanna picks it up, and carefully stows it, along with the gun she’d had in the waistband of her jeans, on the scuffed bedside table. She gingerly sits on the bed next to Castiel, and takes one of his hands in both of hers. She lifts it up to her face, and carefully presses her mouth to the angel’s palm. She drops their tangled hands onto her lap, bows her head, and sits quietly on the bed, waiting for Castiel to wake.
Sam catches Bobby up on what he's been doing since Dean went to Hell, and refreshes Dean's memory. He mostly contributes to the discussion by rote, but when Bobby says, “I know a psychic. A few hours from here. Something this big, maybe she's heard the other side talking,” Dean can't hold back his exclaimed, “No!”
“You really think having a face to face is a good idea?” Sam questions. “After what you told me about the grave site, that—that
“What’re you smiling about?” she snarks. “We’re probably about to die, man, this is no laughing matter.”
“Foolish is my middle name. C’mon, Cas,” Deanna wheedles. “I’m capable of fighting one lousy demon, especially if I’ve got three angels with me.”
life, forging his own path… one with Cas by his side. All of Chuck’s machinations, everything the Winchesters have collectively been through, might end with Dean choosing
For a moment, nothing happens, the whole world freezing as Deanna waits with her heart caught in her throat, her mind a litany of
Bobby has already gotten his sawed off loaded and in front of him by the time Deanna turns to see Balthazar, looking around Bobby’s home with detached distaste. Deanna gestures for Bobby to stand down, and introduces him to the angel with a quick, “Bobby, don’t shoot him. He’s here to help. This is Balthazar. Bobby, Balthazar. Balthazar, meet Bobby Singer.”
“There's only one thing that could have brought this into existence. You call it the Staff of Moses. It was used in a dominance display against the Egyptians, as I recall.”
Sam shifts, and Dean holds his hand up to prevent him from jumping the mook. Sam settles back in his seat, glaring daggers at their waiter.
It’s a book, page flipped open to an image depicting a man in a red cape about to deal a deadly blow to an ugly looking horned creature. Deanna studies it for a second, feeling like she’s seen it before, but it doesn’t click where until she notices the white wings arcing from the man’s—no, the angel’s—back.
Castiel is loath to leave Dean in this strange new-old world alone, but Dean firmly tells him to get lost.
She’s musing on the fact she’s basically Luke Skywalker, but way more awesome since she has two hands when she hears the telltale flutter of wings that usually precedes—
Dean exhales shakily, then rummages around in his duffel bag to pull out the amulet. It’s glowing faintly, and Dean spins in a slow circle to see if it brightens in any particular direction. Midway through, he thinks he sees the odd totem brighten, so Dean squares his shoulders and heads off into the void.
Castiel steps back, the back of his knees hitting the bed. He gives her a once-over, eyes going unfocused. “I see,” he murmurs after a while, gaze sharpening again.
“Okay, okay,” the crossroads demon whimpers. Bobby take the flame off the tub, and the demon gasps out, “MacLeod. Fergus MacLeod. I swear. We call him Lucky the Leprechaun behind his back.”
Dean is looking at Castiel in a way that's hard for the angel to describe. Disbelief, anger, fondness, grief, something unfathomable and with a depth that frankly astonishes Castiel visibly war for prominence on Dean's face. His expression eventually settles on determination, and he says, “Listen to me, Cas, 'cause I'm only gonna say this once.” Castiel's eyes haven't left Dean's, but he nods once, all of his attention fixed upon the hunter. “I can't say I forgive you, okay? But being back here, remembering all the lies Sammy and me lived with for so long… it's giving me some perspective, all right? I meant what I said before in that lab: there's a lot of bad water under the bridge, but we're family. So I might not forgive you, man—not yet, for sure, and maybe not ever—but you're stuck with me. We're in this together.” A shiver runs down Castiel's borrowed spine at the sight of Dean's eyes, and he wonders if Dean knows how they shine with his devotion. “So,” Dean continues, “I plan on rightin' some wrongs this go around, whether we were put here for—for penance, for another reason, for
“—thought things would quiet down with you here for good, but it seems like you have a unique ability to disrupt the order.”
Immediately, Dean turns to look at Cas, who is already looking back at him. Tears stream down Castiel’s face, which is lit up by a smile as bright as the sun.
“Gabriel did it,” Deanna informs him. “He also healed us all up, then mojo’d you up here.” She flushes slightly, hoping Castiel can’t tell in the ultraviolet morning light bathing the room.
Castiel stares at Dean, knowing he could not have misheard him but doubting his vessel's ears regardless. “Dean,” he begins, “I betrayed you—betrayed Sam, betrayed Bobby, betrayed the entire Host of Heaven—and you ask why I deserve to be punished?”
Well, that’s not a strictly true statement, is it? Cas literally can’t talk, according to the Entity’s rule, so Dean soldiers ahead without saying a word, determined to get them the hell out of this graveyard before anything goes wrong.
Jack nods in approval. “Good. I’ll open up the portal to the Empty. The rest is up to you, Dean.” A flicker of grief passes over his young face. “Bring him home. Please.”
“That’s what I just said, girl,” Bobby grumbles, then flips to another page in the book marked by a yellow sticky note. This page has another painting, presumably also of Michael, this time in flight, wings in shades of brilliant blues and tawny browns and faded charcoal. He’s once again about to deal the killing blow to a figure that Deanna realizes must be—
“Sure beats flying for a day,” Deanna says conversationally. She and Castiel are standing over the dug up grave of one Fergus MacLeod, and she idly wishes she’d thought to bring a better jacket before Castiel had zapped them across the pond. She’s just grateful Bobby had allowed her to grab shovels and her phone before he ushered them off.
“The night before we trapped Raphael. Um. We went to that brothel, remember?” She internally curses her clumsy words.
Castiel is silent and absolutely still for several moments. He’s not even breathing, until he inhales sharply and says, “I’m… worried.”
“I can and I will, Cas. I’m not leaving here without you.” Cas’ eyes go a little more glossy when Dean says that. Dean’s knees feel a little weak with the full depth of Castiel’s affection shining directly at him, and it renders him temporarily mute.
she thinks to herself. Cas strides back to them, standing beside Deanna, his angel blade slipping into his hand, and they wait.
Bobby nods with obvious reluctance. He goes over to one of the tables, takes a pinch of some powder from a bowl, and sprinkles it into a larger bowl. It begins to smoke, and Bobby begins to chant in Latin.
Cas nods. “I concur.” He makes his way over to the cupboard and pulls out a bowl, setting it on the rickety excuse for a table, before lifting up Deanna’s bag of weapons up onto the surface as well.
She listens for Bobby, or Balthazar, but the house is quiet. She starts to walk towards the bed, but her foot nudges something on the ground: the Colt.
Sam nods. “We follow the trail the demons left, find them. Someone's gotta know something about something.” Their waiter appears with two plates of pie, and as he pulls up a chair and sits at their table, Dean instantly recognizes this for what it is. Sam, none the wiser, asks, “You need something?”
The bright red and raw handprint stands out against his otherwise unblemished skin, and Dean closes his eyes briefly before heading back out into the main part of the shop. He carefully doesn't think too hard about all that he's facing, both imminently and in the future—or is it the past? And isn't
The archangel glances around, amused. “And what is this supposed to accomplish?” He pauses, then looks out towards the fighting, which has slowed, the angels opposing Raphael thinned out and the humans dead or exhausted. “Seize them,” he instructs his faction, and they follow his order immediately, swiftly overpowering their opponents and tugging them against their chests, angel blades pressed to the necks of all of the renegades.
“You might say that,” the angel answers. “It doesn’t appear to be damaging your soul, however, and some soul magicks will do just that. I suppose the lance would have drawn upon Michael’s Grace when he wielded it.” The last bit is said in an undertone, Castiel musing aloud.
and some clattering, followed by the unmistakable sound of flesh hitting flesh, then thumping, growing closer with each subsequent noise.
Gabriel’s eyes meet Deanna’s and he smiles slightly, before picking up the Lance of Michael one-handed. “You’re gonna need this, kiddo,” he informs her, then reaches out with his other hand and touches the back of her neck—
“Deanna,” he’d said again. “I’m going to gather the angels. I’ll return at dawn and we’ll make our way to the battleground together.”
Castiel nods, waiting for Dean to continue. When no further words pass through his lips, Castiel prods, “And Sam? What of him?”
Deanna smiles, then steps into his space until the toes of her boots nudge his dress shoes. She winds her arms around his neck, then says, “How ‘bout a kiss?”
“Huh,” is all Bobby has to say when Castiel and Deanna reappear in the kitchen and relay the information they’d received from Crowley.
Deanna follows Bobby down into the basement, reeling from the news of Crowley’s refusal to return Bobby’s soul, and is greeted by a voice saying, “Hey there, cranky. You were gone so long, I just assumed alcoholic c—” the red-eyed demon cuts herself off, taking notice of the additional figure in the room. “Well, well, well. If it isn’t the famous Deanna Winchester. What an honor. I’d shake your hand, but I’m,” she nods her head down at her restraints, “a little tied up.”
Dean calls the demon waiter Daisy, as in Daisy from Mystic Pizza. And I've made the demon a man, because while demons are indeed bad, Dean, stop slapping that lady, ffs.
“‘Kay. See ya,” Deanna had mumbled, then sprawled onto her stomach when Cas disappeared in a flutter of wings, but not before pressing a kiss to the crown of her head.
“You bought it?” Deanna chuckles. “With what? Your allowance? Tell us, kid. What did the angel want for it? What did you give him for it?”
we were gonna kill him. Called me the ultimate killer and everything. Trying to goad us, maybe? Whatever. At that point, I’d made up my mind. See, I’d recently been told by—by someone very important to me, that that’s
The archangel laughs. “Yeah, you got me. However, occasionally our goals intersect,” he says. “But I’ve gotta go, now. Good luck with Raphael, you’re gonna need it,” he pauses. “All right, your Gabrielus ex machina has officially expired. Catch you later, kiddo.” Gabriel disappears with a rustle of feathers, and Deanna is left with an unconscious angel in her room.
“Take his hand,” the Entity directs. Dean and Cas exchange a glance before complying. Dean squeezes Castiel’s hand for good measure, assuring himself that Cas is really here, that they can maybe get out of this mess unscathed… and together. “Good. Now, Dean.” He looks at the thing wearing Meg. “What you’re gonna do is turn around, and walk right out of here. As long as you don’t let go of dear Castiel here, and as long as you
He’s not precisely sure how long he walks, but it’s long enough that he’s starting to lose hope of ever finding Cas. The amulet shines steadily brighter as he goes, but the weight of all that’s happened since Chuck showed his true colors is beginning to overwhelm Dean.
Castiel flies to the top of Nanga Parbat, needing some perspective. He steps into what he knows is frigid air, and subtly creates a moment out of time so he could
“Yep,” the archangel replies, popping the p. “Very Cold War, very cool.” He considers the safe, then raises his right hand, palm forward, and blasts it open. Inside is an inconspicuous little box. Gabriel gestures Deanna over and she numbly complies.
“You’re lying,” Castiel, faster than Deanna can blink, is behind Crowley with his angel blade pressed against the demon’s throat. “What do you know?”
That’s when Deanna notices the persistent buzzing sound, and nods. Castiel carefully lifts Ed’s hat, and they both watch as locusts crawl out of a gaping wound in the officer’s head.
He nods to himself, then informs her, “Balthazar has brought Bobby, Rufus, and Garth to Stull Cemetery. Are you ready?”
“...Dean,” is all the angel can think to say in response. Dean's face crumples with equal parts disbelief and relief.
Cas hesitates for a moment, seemingly wavering on what to say, before he settles on: “I suppose I’m just... happy to see you, despite the circumstances.”
is.” He tilts his head back towards Cas, who has been watching the exchange unfold silently. Dick's smile stutters on his face before fixing itself into more of a grimace. “See, here's the thing when dealing with Crowley: he will
Anger sparks within her, so she takes a breath before she can spew more spiteful bullshit. “Yeah, well, you’re not alone, okay? I’m glad you came to me. You dragged my sorry ass out of Hell; it’s time I return the favor.”
Balthazar’s mouth twists to the side, before he sardonically says, “I must have missed that class, unfortunately.” He glances around the room. “Where is he?”
Recognisable dialogue comes from the episode 5.03 Free to Be You and Me; chapter title comes from Ten Years Gone by Led Zeppelin.
By the time Dean's musings end, Sam has parked himself onto the motel room's couch and is looking at Dean like he can scarcely believe he's there. Dean turns so he doesn't have to look at his brother, and Bobby takes this as his chance to ask, “Are you out of your damn mind, y'idjit?”
Castiel doesn’t reply, still standing just in front of the door, and damn it, why can’t she handle this like an adult?
Deanna rolls her eyes, then looks at Cas. He’s gazing back at her, face gentle, and she nods at him. He turns to Balthazar.
“This is ridiculous,” she can hear the demon saying, presumably to Bobby as it sounds more distant. “The whole burning bones thing—it's a myth.”
“You should have seen the grave site. It was like a nuke went off. And then there was this—this force, this presence, I don't know, but it—it blew past me at a fill-up joint. Never seen any demon do somethin' like that. And then this.” Dean once again rolls up his left sleeve, showing the handprint off to Bobby who quickly stands.
That’s—that’s Cas. Dean picks up the pace, two figures becoming clearer the faster he runs towards them.
The next day, they head into town to see if they can sniff out the demons. Dean's exhausted; he'd spent most of the night awake, trying to pin down the timeline. He's already changed things, like taking Pamela out of the equation and avoiding Johnny Mac's diner, but Dean has a feeling they'll run into those demons—or others—sooner rather than later. If he's being honest, though, Dean dedicated most of those sleepless hours to thinking about Cas.
Dean looks at his brother, then Bobby, then says, “I didn't know how to tell you before, Bobby, but when I woke up in that box, I had that word in my head. Castiel.” Dean looks between the other two, hoping they're buying the load of bullshit he's selling. They both just look confused, so Dean plows on, “What do you think it means?”
