. Especially not when it was with Dean, the man he’d been mooning over for longer than he cared to admit. And not when it was so much better than anything he had dared to hope for when he hadn’t really known what sex could be like. So really, he shouldn’t complain, but there was something that was on his mind a lot.
Dean was glad he’d sat where he did. From here, Castiel couldn’t see the horrified expression on his face.
Dean snorts. Was he meant to keep track? They’ve forgiven and moved on since then, but in all the years they’ve known each other, they’ve fucked each other over with secrets and lies plenty.
The older of the two hunters huffed in acknowledgement that Sam had spoken, and nodded as he circled around the front of the car to the driver's side. The younger Winchester felt his hope fall when he saw that clearly something else was still eating away at his brother.
The driver of the van locked up his own brakes, skidding to a halt less that ten yards from the hunter.
“Then what? Because I know the leviathans aren't bothering you this much. Does this have something to do with Cas?”
“I don't know, Bobby. Maybe they are all fakes, but it's the only idea we have, I think it's worth at least looking in to. We might get lucky.”
Dean nodded, reaching out a gentle hand to take one of Castiel’s in his. His heart swelled with sympathy. No one’s first time should be during a mating cycle. Heats and ruts were powerful, and they made people say and want things they might not have normally. It was an out-of-control, scary feeling on its own. But to add on a new relationship, new physical intimacy, and new sensations, it had to be overwhelming.
The first thing Dean was aware of was the pulses of feeling coursing through him. It was an odd mix of exhilaration and adrenalin, but at the same time it was total calm and focus. He slowly raised his head, and with every movement he made, he could feel the mark on his arm burning hot and pulsing. His body was vibrating with raw energy, he couldn't remember the last time he'd felt this good, and he knew he'd never been this powerful. He loved the rush it gave him immediately.
He told Castiel the truth, and Castiel was still here. Whatever details of that truth came out tomorrow, there might be some hurt and some guilt, but nothing they couldn’t work through. For the first time in longer than he knew, the ground felt solid under Dean’s feet, and he could breathe again.
Dean smiled when the music started. He had to give them credit for opening with Van Halen's "Panama". They were doing a good job of it too. The musicians didn't butcher it, and the singer could hit most of the notes, even doing the talking bit in the middle.
Castiel wrinkled his nose, and Dean could tell he was probably feeling the discomfort of not having any of those things yet.
“Yes, and not just because of my heat. Dean, I have never had a problem with your hands on me. I just didn’t want to lead you on. Now that I’ve told you I don’t want this to progress to sex, I have no hesitations about you touching me.”
he moved to where Dean was softest and took him in his mouth. Overwhelmed by the trust Dean had shown by allowing him to do this, as well as his own arousal, Castiel moaned. Half a beat later, he heard it echoed back to him by Dean, who was gripping the sheets at his sides like he would float off the bed if he let go.
Castiel shook his head. He threw back the blankets, revealing that he had climbed into bed in his robe.
“I think it will take some time for the hurt we caused each other to heal. But yes. I think we’ll be good.”
Despite the teasing, Dean felt the last bit of tension leaving his body. He and Castiel weren’t sick or cursed or weird. This might be the most normal thing to happen to the two of them.
“Sam, we seriously don’t need them. Save your money. I don’t have time to explain right now, I gotta get back to Cas. Just trust me on this, okay?”
“Usually 7 days, but it’s hard to know what this one will be like. It’s several years delayed, and I didn’t even know it was possible for a fallen angel to have a heat.”
He felt bad about not having told Sam about Amy sooner, but that wasn't why he was practically climbing the walls. Part of him wanted to tell Sam what the real issue was. To open up to his brother and just get some of this crap out, but he knew it would just open up a whole can of worms he wasn't ready to deal with. Plus, they were finally starting to act themselves around each other again. Dean didn't want to fuck up that delicate balance so soon after they had restored it. He just wanted to pretend everything was okay.
Sam gently pushed the door open and peered inside. He saw Dean flopped on the couch, a dejected look on his face, flask in his hand.
That was 2 months ago. Since then, Cas was becoming accustomed to being human. Slowly. Cornflakes and having to shower were still overwhelming for him some days. So when Dean noticed some behaviour that he secretly thought was
Bobby stood and was about to make his way to the stairs when he felt Sam grip him by the arm. He turned and saw the younger of the two brothers watching him, looking slightly panicked and leery.
The third episode was almost over when they heard footsteps in the hall, and Dean growled. He couldn’t help it. He knew it was only Sam coming back with supplies, but his alpha only saw another alpha near his omega.
His brother turned his sharp glare in his direction, but it was almost like he wasn't seeing him, or that he saw him, but didn't recognize him. Magnus laughed and clapped once.
Killing that man earlier was satisfying, but easy, and a little boring. Now, here he was with an equal match, a challenge, and he wasn't fighting back. Snarling, Dean hit harder, and faster, trying to get a rise out of his victim, with no luck. All the angel was doing was talking to him, begging him to- to do something. He could understand that much. Pushing past his momentary hesitation, he struck a final blow that knocked the angel to his knees.
Castiel nodded. He’d done lots of reading after Dean told him he was trans, just to make sure he didn’t mess up. In his research, he’d found many men saying they didn’t retain or regain much sensation after top surgery.
“You clearly needed the sleep,” Castiel says as Dean joins him at the table. “I didn’t want to disturb you.”
“What do you mean?” Castiel asks. He’s still speaking low, but Dean can hear the edge of fear there.
“Do you know what you did to Dean when you stabbed him in the back like that and he found out you were working with Crowley? Or when you went dark side after taking in all those souls? I don't even know how badly he's holding up, because half of the time he's drunk, and the other half he's passed out or might as well be. He's a goddamn mess because of you Cas!”
They had just finished up a job in the “most physic town in America”, and all they wanted was to leave. Stuff like this was just too... normalized here. It was weird, working a job in a town of believers. They'd hardly had to lie at all. It was unnerving to say the least. Deception and fraud were hardwired into them by years of posing as various employees. Everything from carny sweepers and local journalists to Homeland Security and the FBI were par for the course for the Winchesters. Rolling into a town were they could practically announce their real job just felt wrong.  They saw some weird things on their job, but this much weird in one town was just...off putting. It gave the brothers the creeps. It just wasn't normal.
“Oh, uh...” Dean has to think back. It’s not like there was a specific date. The realization came in increments, slowed by his denial and hope. “Maybe a little over two months after the first time?”
Fingers followed the muscles of his back, palms skimmed his ribs, nails raked over his shoulders until he was moaning into Dean’s mouth and rutting slightly against him, their boxers becoming slick.
Ouch. That he’s right hurts even more. Dean doesn’t have the chance to respond before Castiel gathers up the clean sheets and heads for the door.
The hunter reached into his back pocket and pulled out his silver switch blade, flicking it open with practised ease.
She reached a hand out across the counter. Castiel, who now understood this gesture, reached out and shook her hand. She had a firm grip, quickly establishing that she was by no mean meek or timid. Dean respected that.
Dean opened the door, barreling inside only two feet before the sight in front of him stopped him like he’d hit a wall.
Dean worries again about Castiel being distant tonight, but Cas puts all his worries to rest the moment he lies down. Castiel settles onto his side and raises his arm, inviting Dean to fit himself into the familiar space there. The moment Dean tucks his head under Castiel’s chin and feels strong arms wrap around him, he feels right for the first time in days. His eyelids feel heavy, and he knows tonight he’ll finally sleep.
The next morning, Sam was woken early by the shrill ringing of Bobby's cell phone. He wasn't sure who would be calling the older hunter, but he answered it anyway, seeing that said hunter was still asleep.
Finally, the hunter crouched down near the wall. He looked over to Cas, who was watching him from the bed. The angle nodded slowly. Taking in a deep breath, Dean pulled the plug.
it would be much easier to explain to Dean. He would never disclose details of their sex life, or Dean’s trans status, but part of him wished there was someone he could talk to about all this. A second opinion outside of his own would help him figure out how to broach Dean’s apparent aversion.
“Dean-” Sam said, but Dean was already taking off, following the scent trail. Tears burned his eyes, but he blinked them away angrily. Is this what Cas did when he was gone? Invite over omegas to fuck silly until his stupid boyfriend came home? God, how long had this been going on? Was this why Cas had never tried to join Dean and Sam on a hunt? Because he had weekends of fun planned for when they went away? Dean felt like the biggest idiot in the world. The one time he comes home without telling Cas to surprise him, and this is what he comes home to?
Matthew laughed. Sam got the impression he never called for backup, or at least, he never called Bobby for backup.
Not that he thought Dean was unsatisfied. He always seemed satiated when they curled up together afterward, relaxing in the afterglow. It was just that Cas wasn’t the one to get him there, and that was disappointing. As hot as it was to watch Dean bring himself off while Cas was still coming down from his own orgasm, Cas still ached to touch him.
There was something else Dean wanted. It was too early to ask for it yet, but he was confident when the time was right, Castiel would say yes. One day, he wanted to wear a ring and introduce Castiel as his husband.
He turned and walked out the door, closing it gently behind him. Just before he was out of earshot, he heard his big brother start to sob, and it broke his heart that he couldn't go back in there to comfort him.
"And no matter what you say," Cas interrupted Dean's train of thought. "It will not change how I feel about you."
Dean felt something like hope surge in his chest. If Charlie had heard about this before, maybe it was normal? Cas would feel a lot better if he knew he wasn’t alone in this.
Cas had been leaning in for a kiss, and Dean had stopped him with a gentle but firm hand on his chest. For a heartbreaking moment, Castiel thought he was being rejected. Until Dean muttered; “I want to, I just need you to know something first.” What followed was two solid minutes of silence while Cas waited for Dean to tell him whatever had him so nervous. Finally, Dean had whispered,
As he allowed himself to be guided down the hall and into their bedroom, Castiel almost forgot about his resolve to have a serious conversation with Dean. Warm hands removing his shirt and soft lips peppering his neck with kisses had a way of making him lose his words immediately. He groaned when Dean found the sensitive spot just below his ear, and heard a husky laugh in response.
Sam was spun and thrown against the door before he could react. The demon laughed. Sam needed to get to the knife, and fast. The demon quickly pinned him, getting an arm nudged under the hunter's chin and against his neck, his other arm coming up to push on the hunter's chest.
“Then how could you betray him like that?” Sam's voice was loud and furious. Something akin to confusion showed on his face as he waited for the angel to respond. Castiel fought to stay calm.
Dean can’t even insist he hadn’t lied, because he had. Every time Castiel and he had sex, Dean’s moans and encouragements and consent had been a lie.
The last half of the ritual involved turning Castiel’s grace into a soul. Dean’s mind had raced at the implications. He’d asked if it worked the other way, if they could turn a soul into grace and make a human into an angel. The two angels had looked at him like he was crazy, or stupid. But Cas had said that it wasn’t possible. He’d tried to explain in more detail, but it was complicated and had something to do with souls being too powerful. Dean hadn’t really understood how a soul was stronger than something that allowed Castiel to fly and heal instantly, but he’d let it go. He’d only asked because he was curious, not because he wanted to turn himself or anyone else into an angel.
Cas blushed, looking down at the pile of blankets he was sitting in. Nesting was very normal, but this was the first time Castiel had done it. He probably didn’t fully understand the urge yet.
But with Castiel in his arms, most nights the dreams weren’t so bad. It was like on some level he knew he wasn’t alone. When he did wake after a particularly bad one, Cas was there to hold him and reassure him they were safe.
And then he thought of the motel room. The floor and walls probably stained and tacky with drying blood. That is, if someone hadn't found him yet. And Cas... His head in a box a hundred and fifty yards away, his body in a motel, just lying there, like some worthless, lowlife monster that Dean and Sam hunted every day. And no matter what, they at least always gave the monsters a burial of sorts. They didn't just leave the body there like- like-
Dean, for all how he was usually brash and violent, was actually very tender and thoughtful when it came to things like this. He was gentle and slow as he kissed Cas, giving the angel time to adjust and settle in to it, or pull back if he changed his mind. Castiel could feel Dean smiling against his lips, and he grinned in return, leaning in again to kiss that smile. The one he knew he'd put there.
"'I was sleeping with my peepers open'. Dude, you can say whatever you want, but that old lady scared the crap out of you." Sam laughed out.
Sam could hear the disdain in his brother's voice, which he found odd considering they hadn't had a cut and dry case for a long time, and that's what Dean had said he wanted. Simple hunts. The hunter hung up his phone and turned to Sam.
Bobby didn't know if it was a good idea. The last thing Dean would want would be for some poor shmuck to have to take the fall for his problems. If they tried to help the older brother, and ended up hurting someone else, Dean would feel even worse. But they did need to do something to help Dean, and Bobby supposed a faith healer was worth a shot.
Cas huffed a laugh against his neck. Dean let the idea of being celibate for the rest of his life run through his head and tested the weight of it. The thought of never having sex again was a little disappointing, sure. But compared to the idea of spending a lonely life without Cas here in his arms every night, it seemed like nothing.
"I visited your motel room this morning. After you left. I was disguised as you. I tried to play boyfriends. I tried to taste the life of a hunter.”
"Dean!" Sam called to his brother through the bedroom door. When he got no answer, he knocked and called out again. "Dean, come on man. Since when do you sleep this late?"
Dean wouldn't abandon Sam with their dad. He was a nasty drunk, and likely to take a swing even when he wasn't drinking. Dean had to be there to make sure he didn't go after Sam. He couldn't run away like Patrick had.
Dean slid into the car and fired it up. The engine eventually screeched to life, as if protesting the very idea. Dean missed driving the Impala. He missed the deep growl and steady hum of her engine on the highway. Her throaty, challenging growl as she idled down, the one that made soccer moms lock their doors and look the other way when he pulled up next to them at a red light.
The angel was managing to stand okay on his own, swaying every so often, but he didn't face plant, so Dean focused his attention on assessing the four men moving towards them. They weren't much bigger then himself, but just as in shape, and about the same age. They were all wearing jeans and bad leather jackets, obviously going for the biker look, and failing. Dean nearly snorted at them. He hadn't seen a bike around here these guys would dare lay claim to. The man who seemed to be the leader was a little taller then the rest, bald and fairly buff.
“Oh. So that’s why there’s leftovers,” Dean teases. Castiel tries to give him a disapproving look, but his serious facade cracks almost instantly.
By the time they are in their room, the door shut behind them, Dean can hardly feel his hands. He’s aware of Castiel kissing him, running his hands over his ribs and down his back, but it feels distant, like a memory or a dream. Just barely, he remembers to return the embrace, hands settling on Cas’s hips, his thumbs rubbing gentle circles there.
Dean laughs at that. A harsh, ugly sound that surprises Castiel and himself. If this were fixable, it would have fixed itself months ago. Cas has been nothing but gentle and loving every time he touches Dean, and Dean is still left feeling cold every time they have sex. It hasn’t wavered in the time they’ve been together.
Sam wasn't sure how to respond to Emanuel's directness, even though it was a typical Castiel thing. He was left sputtering for an answer.
Dean laughed. The last omega he’d been with through a heat had been Lisa. He still remembered quickly driving to McDonald’s at 3:00 am while she slept just to keep up with her insatiable needs. That, and practically eating a whole loaf of bread for the carbs. Even so, he lost 5 pounds that week.
Castiel was still trying to see through the trees, but it was too dark. He hated the dark. Cas nodded at Dean's words.
"Come on, Cas. It's safe, I promise. If anything is in there, it's a guy with a joint and the munchies. No demons or monsters."
Dean looks around for anything else he can clean, but the entire kitchen is spotless. They could probably eat off the floor safely.“I guess... I don’t know where to go from here.”
Dean, on the other hand, looked worn out and tired, like he hadn't slept well in months. There were dark bags under his eyes, and a slight sluggishness to every movement he made. He had lost some weight, Cas guessed his hunter hadn't eaten properly in a few months either. The smell of booze was stronger on the blond than usual, but it was clear why, if the bottles that had littered the floor were any clue. Castiel's heart sank, he knew that Dean was like this because of him, and he wanted so badly to help.
Dean backed the car out, before pulling onto the single lane highway. It was late now, and getting dark out, he was tired and just wanted to get back to the cabin so he could try to sleep. In the rear-view, he watched the fire engulf more of the barn, and the old, rotting building quickly burning up and caving in. Dean had already phoned it in to the fire department, and the barn was no where that it could spread and cause damage.
"Basketball tickets," The Winchester explain, his grin never faltering. "There's a game this Saturday in town. I thought you might wanna go."
For a moment, Dean thinks about saying he needs to finish the dishes or clean up the kitchen. But that’s a flimsy excuse, and he knows it. There are two more cups and a casserole dish left to wash, and the kitchen is spotless except for a sauce mark on the counter. Even if Cas agreed, it would only delay the night by a few minutes.
Castiel nods. He’d been through the wringer two these past few days, and he looks it. It’s still strange to Dean to see something like fatigue affecting Castiel. Sometimes he forgets Cas is human now and needs more than the four hours a night Dean used to get by on.
Dean found Sam in the kitchen pulling steaks out of the freezer and placing them in the sink to thaw. When he heard Dean he turned around, his body language cautious, eyes averted just in case. They were decently far from Castiel out here, but the whole bunker smelled faintly of him, and Dean might subconsciously think of the whole bunker as
Again, Dean feels guilt swell in his chest. He doesn’t want Castiel second-guessing every touch, every word. He wants their life exactly the way it was before, minus the sex. But things are never that simple, and this is the price he’s paying for not being honest from the start.
Dean shrugged, toying with the cards in his hand. The question sounded dumb, even to him. But he couldn’t stop worrying.
When they reached the bathroom, Dean realized they probably should have talked about boundaries first. Did Cas want Dean to touch him, or just to be there? Cas had always been fine with kissing, but would it be different when he was naked and feeling more vulnerable?
“I’ll admit I could only eat one,” Castiel says. “Your brother mixed up the sugar and the salt containers while he was making the batter.”
Gary didn't know how to react. He held a hand over his bleeding nose, looking around for someone to help him. He looked to the guy he had been taking to, a buddy of his. The other man nervously looked between his friend and Sam.
Dean couldn’t deny he’d wanted to get Cas naked for a long time. Sure, he might have imagined it in other circumstances, but he’d take it any way Cas was offering. Castiel got up and took Dean’s hand, leading him towards the showers, and Dean eagerly followed.
Castiel doesn’t answer immediately, but Dean doesn’t panic. He knows that Cas’s hesitation is only because he wants to find the right words, not because he’s unsure of his answer.
Dean wouldn't say boyfriend. It wasn't that he was embarrassed or ashamed, because he wasn't, he just wasn't about to open up that much to a stranger. Not until he got a better sense of what they were like and who they were. Plus he had never really thought of him and Cas as boyfriends, the term didn't seem to fit. They were just...them. Beth was confused.
But there really wasn't anything left to say. Him and Cas had both already said everything that need to be said after Castiel was first injured.
For a moment, Castiel looks like he’s going to object. Maybe demand they finish this conversation before bed. Neither of them are exactly experts on relationships, but Castiel usually insisted they not go to bed angry. A sweet guy in his 80s they’d interviewed on a hunt had imparted this wisdom to Castiel, and the former angel took it seriously. To be fair, the guy had been happily married for 61 years and counting, so maybe there was some truth to his advice.
Dean had forced himself to eat and drink, for Bobby's sake, but he was still drunk, and he hadn't slept well in weeks. It was a wonder he had made it this far without just passing out already.
Sam nodded, still looking a little stunned. Dean felt bad, but he knew if he stuck around any longer to explain, it would just make him more anxious to get back to his omega. And if Sam said the wrong thing again...
Castiel shrugged off the blue sweater he had been wearing since Sam picked him up yesterday, one that Amelia had given him. She said it used to belong to her husband. Castiel hadn't missed the sadness in her voice when she spoke of him. Later, she'd told him that her husband had died in a car crash a few weeks earlier. The day she'd found Cas, she'd been out hiking her and her late husband's favourite trail, spreading his ashes. Castiel had felt sorry for her loss, and despite his social awkwardness, had done his best to comfort her as a friend might.
Cas leaned in until his nose brushed Dean’s neck. Without warning, he inhaled sharply. The sudden brush of cold air against Dean’s neck made him shiver.
“You made a nest,” Castiel said, looking at the bed where Dean had piled pillows and blankets until the space looked cozy. “It’s something alphas do for omegas during their heat.”
Sam shot his brother a worried look over the roof of the Impala. He'd noticed a change in Dean in the past few weeks. A change for the worst. His brother was acting...well, like himself times ten. He drank more and slept even less than his already unhealthy routine usually included. On cases he was spacy and moody at best, often sneaking pulls off the flask he kept hidden on him at all times. Sam couldn't even remember the last time his brother hadn't smelled like a bar. The younger Winchester had been woken up more than once in the past month by his brother whimpering, muttering, and sometimes crying in his sleep.
There was a quiet knock at the door, but it was followed by footsteps retreating down the hall. Sam knew better than to actually
“Okay, so you said you two didn’t need condoms, and you don’t smell like you’ve been...” Sam waved his hand in a gesture Dean pretended not to understand. “What’s going on?”
Castiel looked like he was about to cry, but his smell was pure joy. He surged forward, practically crashing into Dean to kiss him. It was deep and desperate, but there was no heat to it. Only relief and happiness. Cas was smiling so hard he could barely move his lips along with Dean’s, but those kisses were Dean’s favourite.
“No, Dean. Look, I'm your brother, you can talk to me about anything, okay? What is so bad that you can't tell me? Does this have something to do with me? Did I piss you off or something?”
"If all monsters of the same breed are generally the same and work the same, we thought perhaps all shape-shifters have a system of sorts. If they do and we can figure it out, they would be much easier to track and find."
Dean throws the blankets off, shivering when the cold air of the bunker rushes to meet him. Castiel is normally a little space heater in bed, but without him, Dean is perpetually cold. He grabs his robe and pulls on some socks before padding across the hall. Quietly, he opens Castiel’s door and steps inside.
“I don't know. As I told Sam, I was found in the woods. I remember walking into the river, and then then the next thing I can remember is Amelia finding me. I don't know how I lived, or why.”
Gradually, the tension eased out of the room. Dean and Cas were the first to move, they sat back down at their both. Sam went back to the bar and grabbed the three beers he'd ordered. When he tried to pay, Doug refused his money.
“Your brother is this close to having a meltdown.” Bobby told Sam as he entered the cabin. Sam sighed.
He finds it in an empty hook on the back of the door. Cas hung his robe there when he wasn’t wearing it, and he hadn’t taken it with him the nights he slept across the hall. If it wasn’t there now, that means Cas took it this morning when he got up.
Emanuel simply stared at him. Sam almost smiled, the angel hadn't changed in some respects. He forced himself not to though. He had to remind himself that this technically wasn't Cas. This man didn't remember anything, and now was not the time or place to tell him. Sam wasn't even sure if he should tell him at all.
The low rumble of the Impala filled Dean's ears as he steered his baby onto the road. Sam sat in the passenger seat, looking out the window through the dark at the cemetery they were leaving.
Bobby went outside to wipe off the angel proofing so Cas could come in, and check that the other sigils were still in place. Some had been faded by the rain and wind, but for the most part the paint was still doing its job. It they were gonna stay here much longer, Bobby was gonna carve the sigils into the cabin walls, like the Anasazi symbols on the trees.
Regret hangs over Cas like a wet blanket. In some ways, he still sees Dean as his charge, his mission to protect. When he feels he’s failed, he’s extra hard on himself.
“I'm a literal kind of guy. So that means, when I do this,” the hunter pushed harder on the guy's arm, causing the redhead to whimper more loudly and squirm. "This is me saying that I will literally break your shit off if you ever touch him again. Mmkay, pumpkin?”
He dries his hands on the dishtowel and says, “Yeah, uh, alright.” He lets Cas take his hand and lead him down the hall to their bedroom. The hollow feeling in his gut and the fuzzy feeling in his mind growing with each step.
He didn't know when he laid down, or when exhaustion finally overruled anguish, but he eventually fell asleep, though through the night he was still plagued by dreams of his angel.
Cas had been quick to assure him he would be fine. It was just an overwhelming experience. The pain seemed to fade quickly, leaving Castiel tired and fully human. He’d slept for 18 hours after that, and when he’d woken up, he ate damn near everything in the kitchen that wasn’t raw.
You'd think what would have bothered Dean the most about Castiel being gone would have been not having him around for big things. Holidays, his birthday, stuff like that, but it wasn't. It was the little, mundane things that reminded him just how much he missed that angel. He missed the comfortable silence between them while they were driving down the highway at two in the morning, trying to get home after a hunt. He missed how Cas used to tilt his head and narrow his eyes in confusion at pop culture references, even after Dean explained them. He missed calm, lazy nights in the bunker or motels, just the two of them sitting beside each other, legs touching and Dean's arm on the back of the couch, resting on his angel's shoulders as they watched movies and shows Dean insisted Cas needed to see. He missed the way Cas slowly learnt to love coffee, but never learnt how to work the coffee machine, and would whine every morning until Dean took pity on him and started it for him, smiling the whole time.
Dean let out a shaky breath. He hadn’t realized he’d been holding it, maybe for years, until he heard those four words. But they made something click into place, like he’d been walking around with a piece of himself rattling around. Now he felt settled. As much as he pretended not to be a sap, he knew what it was. It was Cas finally fitting into his life the way he was always meant to. Dean had never felt like this about anyone else. Not Cassie, not even Lisa. They never felt like they were part of him, had never wormed their way in that deep.
“In Heaven... no one ever forced me, but... I was a freak. For spending my heats alone. They didn’t understand.”
Dean looked in the rear-view mirror and shot his angel in the backseat a smile. It had been Cas that figured out who the janitor was, and he had helped the brothers dig up the grave. The whole hunt had gone much smoother with his help. Castiel smiled back. It was barely there, hardly a smirk really, but for Cas it might as well have been a full on grin.
Sam knew that if they didn't figure out something soon, his brother wouldn't be around much longer. No human being could treat their body like this and last very long.
“Dean,” Castiel begun, unsure of what he was going to say, but hoping he would find his way as he went. “When we are intimate, you always put so much focus on me. All your energy, all your passion-”
It wasn’t often that Dean looked so unsure. That wasn’t to say he never was, but he was adept at hiding it under false bravado and quick thinking. It took a lot for something to render him this open.
But right now, their whole relationship was a secret. The only place they ever dared do their thing was here, up at Cas' dad's cabin. It was hardly ever used, and so out of the way, no one ever came up here. Up here, they were safe. They could hold hands, kiss, have sex, without feeling like someone was watching. Up here, they could really be themselves, really act like a couple. At least for a few days.
When he got back to the cabin about an hour later, Sam and Bobby were awake and sitting on the couch. They looked like two parents waiting for their teenager who'd snuck out to go to a party. Sam looked up when Dean came inside.
Dean knows they still have to talk about this. Castiel has questions, and he deserves answers. It will take time for them to get back to normal, or find a new normal. But for the first time, Dean isn’t scared.
“I can’t, Cas,” Dean says. Those three words sound so defeated and tired, even to his ears. He sounds 10 years older and feels even older than that.
“Bobby, I'm gonna have to call you back.” Sam said, hanging up the phone without waiting for a reply. He stood frozen in place, uncertain of what to do now.
Once they were safely at a bus stop a few blocks away, Dean phoned Sam. He asked for a ride, giving his brother directions to where they were now. Sam sighed but said he was on his way.
Sam knew he should ask Dean about this first, make sure his theory was correct, but on the other hand, he wanted to know if Bobby thought the same thing was possible.
Dean's breath hitched in his chest, he wasn't really sure how to take that. He nodded to show Cas he understood, even though he didn't really. Cas continued anyway, hoping to clear everything up.
Dean wondered how long it would take before people started asking questions. Cas wasn't really the outdoorsy type, he was more of a book worm, like Sam. He preferred staying inside with a book to going camping. And while Dean like being out, he came up here almost every day he had off to see Cas, and he figured sooner or later, people would start asking where he disappeared to when he wasn't working. This whole thing was a house of cards really, and both he and Cas ignored to fact that sooner or later, it would come tumbling down, and neither of them would make it out unscathed. Losing Cas was already one of the worst things Dean could imagine. As for Cas, Dean was the first and only person he'd ever been with, and he cared about him deeply. If Dean suffered the same fate as Eddie Geller, Cas didn't know what he'd do.
“But what if it isn’t the flu? You and I haven’t caught it, and he seems like he’s just getting worse.”
“I’ve never experienced it. Other omegas have told me it feels wonderful, but I never had the desire to find out.”
“Uh... Thanks?” Dean said, turning to grab the honey out of the cabinet. They had three bottles of the liquid, and a container of the waxy, unpasteurized stuff because Cas liked it on toast in the morning. Dean figured it would still dissolve in tea, and Cas preferred it, so Dean grabbed the container.
Within seconds, Dean found himself inches away from the man he'd almost forgotten about, his blade raise and pushed against the man's throat. Vaguely, he heard the man talking, as if pleading. He was sure it was directed at him, but it didn't matter, because he couldn't distinguish any meaning from the noises being made, and he didn't care enough to wait around and find out. He was going to end the awful noise of blood rushing and a scared heart pounding with adrenalin and nonsense noises that meant nothing to him.
“Think about it Bobby. Cas was a lot closer to Dean than he was to me or you. The way Dean acted around him, the way they would stare at each other...”
Dean blushed, but he tried to remind himself it was normal. Even if it was dumb as hell and annoying for everyone to deal with his overly protective instincts. If he was like this around Sam, thank god there wasn’t anyone else in the bunker, especially another alpha.
“Yeah, Cas, there’s a whole lot wrong. Starting with the fact that you’re in here, and I’m in our room alone.”
The angel of Thursday leaned on Dean as they all stumbled into the bunker. Once Sam was sure Dean and Cas were both okay on their own, he made his way down the hall to his own room.
Cas tried to calm himself down, tried to rationalize that Bobby was probably right. He took in deep breaths before looking to the older hunter and nodding.
The hunter kicked the man in the side, definitely breaking at least three ribs and cracking a few others. The redhead was shoved off the angel by the force of the kick, and cried out in pain. He tried to get up and was halfway back to his feet when Dean met him with a solid hammer punch, braking the guy's nose and laying him out flat on the ground.
Emanuel settled himself into the seat, and waited for Sam to start driving. The Winchester knew this was going to be an awkward ride, for him at least, but he aimed to try and figure out how Cas had survived the leviathans, and what he'd been doing the past couple months.
“I had to do something, Dean!” Sam wasn't about to back down. “You weren't eating unless Bobby made you, you were drinking more in a day then he does in a week, and you barely slept! You're my brother, I'm always gonna try to help you, and I'm certainly not going to apologize for it!”
Dean was feeling his own eyes drooping when he heard his phone vibrate on the nightstand. Carefully, he reached it without waking Castiel up.
Castiel hasn't fared much better. He’s clearly just as miserable, but his will is strong. He hasn’t made the first move, and Dean knows he won’t. Cas is older than Dean can understand. His patience isn’t infinite, but it’s stronger than Dean’s.
That’s it, he can’t do this anymore. If this is what his life will be if he keeps lying, then there’s no point. Castiel is so distant they might as well be broken up. If he’s going to leave anyway, then he should at least know the truth first.
Dean grabbed a dirty rag out of the car and began to clean the blood off his hands. He tossed one to Sam and started packing up the car while his brother wiped the blood off his hands and their machetes. Later, back at the cabin, they would clean them up better and resharpen them, but right now, they just needed to cover their tracks and get the hell out of Dodge.
He paid careful attention to Castiel’s reaction as his hands slowly mapped the omega’s back and shoulders. When all he could smell and hear was happy, relax omega, he let his fingertips trail to Cas’s stomach and up his chest, feeling the expanse of hot, smooth skin that he’d been dying to get his hands on.
Slowly, Dean lifted the t-shirt until it reached Cas’s armpits. The omega made an unhappy noise when he realized he would have to break away from the kiss to get the shirt over his head. After another kiss, he complied and left Dean with miles of untouched skin to take in.
“Don't ever make me lose you again.” Surprisingly that didn't sound like a command, it sound like begging.
Dean's head whipped around, his piercing eyes locking on his brother. Sam felt himself tense up under that predatory stare. He saw no recognition on Dean's face at all. It was like someone, some /thing/ had taken control of his brother.
Dean kept his gun, loaded with silver bullets, aimed at the kneeling shifter's head, as he shot Sam a questioning look. Sam looked to the shifter, who only watched the van with detached interest, occasionally glancing at Dean before looking away again.
Castiel is still holding his hand, and like last night, Dean hopes that’s a good thing. He tries to take comfort in the memory of Cas saying he would not leave over this, but Dean has doubts. What if this is too big? Too much trust lost?
Dean quickly made his way to the kitchen. Cas said he’d be fine, but his body had just gotten a dose of alpha pheromones and no sex, so he might not be as fine as he assumed. The next wave would probably hit soon, maybe in the next ten minutes. Cas should get some food in before that.
The bar was a ten minute drive from the motel. It was small, but it had a friendly, familiar feel to it. The lower lighting and constant hum of people talking and laughing made the place seem welcoming. The worn wooden floor and dark hardwood counter were stained with countless marks from spilled drinks. The booths weren't much better. The once bright red fake leather was now faded and had some holes worn through parts of it. The place smelt like beer, peanuts and sweat. Dean loved it immediately.
Rivulets of blood trickled from various places on the man's face, which he could now see was swollen and probably hurt like hell.
Dean got up after a moment to check the door and was pleasantly surprised to find Sam has sprayed Neutru in the hall. There was still the faint smell of strange alpha, but it was muted enough that Dean could ignore it without getting huffy.
So, by popular demand, at least, popular by my standards, I have continued this fic! Also, I did go back and change quite a bit int he first chapter, so it might be worth it to go back and re-read it. The story doesn't change much, so this chapter should still make sense if you don't. I wrote this at 12:30 am okay, so no judging for grammar mistakes, for some reason my stories turn out good when I'm really tired, but my grammar is probably shit. I'll go take a look at it later. Any who, please enjoy what my sick and twisted little mind concocted this time!
“A few hours later, Emanuel shows up. Passes every trap and test, there's nothing weird about this guy, except...”
Dean saw Cas grinning at him. The hunter finished what was probably his eighth beer and set the empty bottle down.
Cas nodded, rearranging himself so he’d be able to see the TV from his nest. Once Dean had everything set up and pressed play on a two-hour-long show about the rainforests, he realized he didn’t know where to sit. Castiel solved that problem for him by patting the bed beside him without looking away from the TV. Dean grinned and settled in next to him. He had to move some pillows so there would be room for him, but eventually he found a comfortable position where he could still see the show.
Dean took in a few deep breaths to try to calm himself, before he got out of the car and made his way inside the cabin.
“Not like that,” he adds quickly. “I mean things like this.” He holds up their clasped hands. “You a pretty touchy-feely guy, Cas. If we’re within two feet of each other, some part of you is touching me.”
“Alpha,” Cas whined, and that was enough to have Dean across the room and kneeling at the side of the bed in about two seconds.
“No,” Cas says, pulling his favourite cereal out of the cabinet. When he turns his back to get the milk, Sam nudges Dean and gives a significant nod toward Castiel.
It wasn’t like Dean had never been shirtless around Cas. It wasn’t even that he had never taken his shirt off while they were having sex. But he always seemed hesitant, and Castiel has assumed that Dean was self-conscious of his surgery scars, so he kept his hands to “safer” areas.
“The feathery bastard probably didn't feel a thing.” Dean thought to himself, before grabbing Cas' arm and helping him up. The angel stumbled and leaned heavily on Dean, but he stayed up. They made their way away from the bar, and the slowly waking up jerks in the parking lot.
And now his hunter was awake and undoubtedly had many questions. Castiel realized Dean was somewhat in shock, and it was probably best if he started this conversation for him.
The angel suddenly looked past Sam, towards the house, his eyes widening. He ran up the stairs and inside. Sam followed, too shocked to do anything else.
Dean can tell that answer doesn’t satisfy Castiel. He’s still tense and looking at Dean like he’s waiting for some sign that he’s telling the truth.
“It's not too late. Damn it Cas, we can fix this!” His voice cracked as he broke down. Tears streamed down his face as he stared at the angel, his angel.
Cas grunted, curling tighter around the pillow he held in his arms. He almost looked like a little kid with a teddy bear, and for one ridiculous moment, Dean felt the urge to go buy him a stuffed animal. He’d never seen his friend, a warrior of Heaven and one-third of Team Free Will, look so small.
The drive back to Ruffus's cabin was painfully quiet. Sam refused to turn on the radio for fear Dean would start singing along to another sappy song, and Dean wasn't talking. Once they arrived, Dean said a quick hello to Bobby before immediately going upstairs to the room he'd claimed as his while they stayed here, ready to try to sleep. Like his brother said, he hadn't been sleeping well, so he tried to nap whenever he could.
Because Jimmy’s soul had already gone to Heaven years ago, Castiel had decided to make his vessel his permanent body. The first part of the ritual had been to tie his true form to his new body permanently. The angels had been vague in their answers when Dean asked about it, only telling him that not doing so would leave Castiel vulnerable. They’d painted sigils on Castiel’s chest, hands, and forehead with the liquid from the bowl. Dean had watched closely, but the sigils hadn’t seemed to hurt Cas at all.
Dean froze. They’d never done that before. Hell, Dean had only ever shared showers after sex. It had always seemed too intimate to ask Castiel for that when they hadn’t done more than make out.
"You're lucky I don't help him drag your ass out into the parking lot and finish what he started. Get out of here now." Doug's voice was measured, but he didn't sound calm.
Here, Castiel paused, and Dean wondered if he should say something. But he was more lost now than he had been two minutes ago. It really seemed like this was something he should have known about Cas before, but he was sure the former angel had never brought this up before. Clearly talking about it embarrassed him.
"I almost killed you. I almost killed Cas." Dean said, mostly to himself, sounding terrified at the prospect that the blade had made him lose control like that, forget everything except the need to kill. Sam squeezed his brother's shoulder to steady and calm him.
“After Jill, I was scared to try anything like that again for a long time. But then I met Maggie, and she was just so nice, you know? Soft-spoken, gentle. I thought maybe with her I could...”
Unable to stand still any longer, the hunter flung the door open, ignoring the way it hit the wall with a bang and bounced back against his side. He looked back at the angel one more time, before he ran out. He took the stairs two at a time, miraculously not tripping and breaking his neck on the way down. Once he hit the main floor, he would have ran right out the door if Sam hadn't stopped him, a firm grip on his shoulder holding him for the moment.
Dean sighed. Part of him wished he could leave for an hour to clear his head, but a much bigger part of him absolutely refused to leave his omega right now. Unless-
“Why don't you shut the hell up, you piece of shit?” Dean snapped back, his eyes still straining to watch Sam. He was pissed at practically working with a monster, and not even one of the good ones. The only reason he didn't put a bullet in the thing's head right now, was that they still needed him to tell them where the other hostages were being kept. Dean still didn't know why the thing was co-operating even this much. He hadn't asked for anything in return for the safe delivery of the people he was holding somewhere. Not even his own safety. Just that the brothers do exactly as he say for one final thing. Drive him all the way out to what was, as far as Dean was concerned, butt fuck nowhere. They were in the middle of a fucking desert for fuck sakes. What the hell was out here? Other than the van and a box, apparently.
Castiel sits up then, but he doesn’t get off the bed or say anything. He just sits cross-legged on the mattress, watching Dean like he’s waiting for something. It takes a moment, but Dean finally realizes Cas is waiting for him to sit up too.
Dean found the shirt sitting at the top of the pile of shirts in Cas’s wardrobe. Arms loaded with what he needed, he returned to the bathroom where Cas was still drying his hair.
“I miss him, Sam. Sometimes so much that I can't stand it. Why do you think I still...” Dean trailed off.
Dean could feel tears threatening at the corners of his eyes, but refused to cry. Beth poured him another shot which he downed quickly. The blond bartender wanted to help, but she wasn't sure how.
Castiel pushed aside his coffee, which is probably cooler than he likes it by now. Dean doesn’t understand why Cas likes his coffee so sweet, he drank it so hot, there was no way he could even taste it.
Beth wasn't sure how to react to that. Her eyes widened and her mouth opened, but no sound came out. She had about a million questions, but couldn't get any of them out. She tried to imagine how she would feel if she thought her boyfriend had died and then he showed up one morning.
“I don’t...” Dean started, but his voice cracked and he had to clear his throat before continuing. “Don’t really have much feeling there.”
The way Sam said it sounded like he already knew the answer and was just looking for confirmation. The angel was a little taken back by the question. Did Sam know about him and Dean? It wouldn't bother Cas if he did, other than he knew Dean had wanted to keep it a secret for now.
The next bag held the odds and ends they had needed. Wet wipes, their own can of Neutru, and some painkillers specifically designed for heat relief. No tea or heat pads, but Sam had probably left those in the kitchen since they had to be prepared in there.
Beth smiled. Dean smiled back. He felt like a huge weight had been lifted from his chest, and for the first time in a long time, he felt like there was hope for him and Castiel.
“No funny business, I promise,” Dean said quickly, hoping Castiel hadn’t misinterpreted his offer. “It just... it doesn’t seem right to leave you like this.”
to help, and so far it didn’t seem like there was anything he could do. Besides keeping Castiel comfortable and waiting it out.
Dean didn’t know why this stressed him out so badly, but something in his gut told him this wasn’t a regular, human illness. Cas seemed... scared.
“Do you want a cold cloth or something? Some Tylenol? It would lower your fever, make you feel better.”
Dean held the head in place as the body fell away. He felt good, /really/ good. His body was practically humming with satisfaction. He would have loved to stay as he was for a while, hearing the sound of blood dripping into the floor, seeing the blank, dead look in the headless man's eyes. Then, as if a sudden rage filled him, he would drop to the ground, soaking himself in the pool of blood now surrounding him, and he would beat and hit and stab the blade into the dead body, making sure it was dead. By the time he was done, the walls, the ceiling, and he himself would be dripping wet with someone else's blood, stained deep red.
Dean immediately turned to help Cas, who was pinned by some redhead and taking a few solid hits to the face.
Now Dean was confused. How the hell had Sam found Cas? Had he been looking for him? Had he known Cas wasn't dead? Or was it an accident that his brother had found his angel?
“I don’t know what happened. It was like I stepped out of my body. I couldn’t move or feel anything. It felt more like watching a movie about me than actually living it.”
The next night, Sunday, saw Dean and Castiel sitting side by side on the hood of the Impala in the middle of a field. They gazed up at the blanket of stars that covered the sky, gently lighting the empty, quiet pasture. You could only really see the stars like this in the middle of nowhere. The ex-angel pointed out constellations or stars he knew every now and then, explaining them to Dean. The hunter listened and nodded, even pointing out a few himself.
He had known that Sam wasn't repulsed or anything like that by him and Cas, but now he knew just how much his brother accepted them for it. Even though Dean and Cas could take care of themselves, it did mean a lot to him that Sam had stood up for them so quickly and violently. He smiled.
“I don't know Sam,” he finally said, looking up to meet his brother's frown. “I went with my gut and it felt right. I didn't trust Amy. Mind you, I've been having a hard time trusting anyone after Cas-”
He fumbles for the lamp, only relaxing when light floods the room and he sees that he’s still in the bunker. The familiar sight of his room helps clear the nightmare from his mind. He takes a deep breath, and the familiar smell of laundry detergent and dust calms his stomach.
Plus, Dean was pretty sure the poor guy had picked up his first flu. For the last two days, Castiel had locked himself in his room. Dean assumed he was just sleeping, because when he finally
The Winchester started pacing the room, waiting and trying to stay calm. Matthew finally said something.
He was telling the truth when he said Cas was it for him. And that would be true whether they had sex every day and twice on Sunday, or whether they just kept doing this, or whether Cas left tomorrow. There would be no one else for Dean.
Dean wasn't sure how to react to this, his first instinct was denial, or defensiveness, but really, what was the point now? The whole reason behind his usual reaction to that assumption, was to make sure no one could ever use him against Cas, or Cas against him. But now, he had no one to protect. If people found out about him and Cas now, what could they possibly do? Mock him? Whatever. It's not like he wasn't used to that already anyways. He slowly relaxed and leaned back.
With the flannel gone, it left Dean in a faded grey T-shirt. There was some sort of swirling design on the front, but Castiel didn’t recognize it. Still moving slow, his hands trailed down Dean’s sides until he could grip the bottom hem of the shirt. Dean raised his arms above his head as Cas pulled the shirt off, exposing two looped scars across his chest.
Bobby wondered if he should tell Dean now, or let Cas do it himself. He decided that the angel and Sam would be back soon enough, it should be up to Castiel to tell Dean he was still alive. Besides, the oldest Winchester was sleeping right now. Well, blacked out is more like it.
“Hmm?” Dean grunted. He’d been dozing off when he heard Castiel’s voice call him back from the brink of unconsciousness.
The older hunter groaned, he didn't want to talk to anyone right now, or anytime in the foreseeable future.
Flipping the first blade around in his hand so the mandible was sticking out the back of his grip, he moved it against his target's throat. He was going to savour this.
Dean took the shot. He wasn't sure what to say, he didn't even know if he should tell Beth anything. He wasn't the type of guy to vent, especially not to strangers, but he got the feeling he could trust her and that she would listen.
Sam's heart fell when he realized that he wouldn't be able to cheer Dean up, but he forced himself to keep his expressions off his face, and get straight to the point.
He reaches his breaking point on the third night. Since Castiel realized Dean was keeping something from him, Dean has slept maybe five hours total over the last few nights. He tosses, he has incessant nightmares, he’s up feeling sick from exhaustion and guilt and too much coffee half the night. He’s a wreck.
They agreed that Sam should go and Bobby should stay behind to keep an eye on Dean. After all, he was the only one who could get the dejected hunter to eat anything, and Colorado was a good sixteen hours away. Sam was more accustomed to long drives, and he planned on leaving that day. With enough coffee and some luck, he might be able to be back late in two days. Maybe sooner if Emanuel drove a bit too.
Dean and Castiel were curled up together on their bed, watching some show about kittens on Netflix. Cas had picked it out, and Dean didn’t bother protesting. The guy’s hormones were all over the place. The least Dean could do was watch some baby animals with him if it made the omega feel better. Cas might not have the urge to mate, but heats brought up all sorts of parental desires. Castiel wasn’t the first omega to get a little obsessed with something small and fluffy during this time. Dean found it pretty cute. He knew Cas didn’t want pups, and honestly, that was a good thing in their line of work, but he could probably persuade Dean into getting a pet.
/	The bar was packed that night. And loud. People were dancing and singing and shouting over the noise, making it louder.
Dean laughed and helped shrug off the offending fabric. Once it was gone, Cas wasted no time pulling his t-shirt off as well. His warm hands quickly found Dean’s chest, while his lips found Dean’s.
After copying down the address Matthew had given him, and thanking him profusely, Sam hung up and went to wake up Bobby. One of them had some driving to do.
Dean ducked his head to rest between Cas’s shoulder blades. Cas did indeed feel a little less warm already.
The hunter spent the first half of the game explaining the rules to Cas, who nodded along as he started to figure things out. By halftime, Castiel had the gist of it and was starting to enjoy himself. Dean answered his questions and smiled warmly at him when the fallen angel started cheering and clapping with the crowd.
Grief like nothing he had ever wanted to feel didn't just wash over Dean, it consumed him completely. His entire body ached as he wailed and howled his pain. Each sob hit him like he'd been smacked in the chest with a two by four, his throat already raw from the force of his convulsive heaves each time he breathed in or out.
Now morbid curiosity took over. The shifter had whatever was in this box sent out here to where he'd directed the brothers to take him, and the driver had been paid to make sure it was out here at exactly seven o'clock. What the hell could be in it?
Sam went to sleep soon, but Bobby stayed up. He needed to talk to Castiel. Leaning back against the table and crossing his arms, he fixed Cas with a cold glare.
“Give me the gun, Dean.” Sam said as calmly and gently as he could. He watched as Dean would aim the .45 at the shifter, only to double over as a fresh sob hit him like a bowling ball to the chest. Despite everything, Sam could see the intent when he brother looked at the shifter.
Dean shook his head, still moving closer to the bed, to Cas. It was like part of him wanted to believe the angel and be as close to him as possible, while another part wanted to stay where he was.
Castiel’s fingers gently tracing along the back of his hand pulled him out of his nervous train of thought. Slow and complex patterns that may have been Enochian or may have just been nonsense. Cas offered him an encouraging look, waiting for Dean to go on.
“No, I just...I just wanted to say that I didn't realize how hard him dying must have been for you. I'm sorry that I pushed and tried to get you to talk about it. I know what you are going through.”
Cas shook his head, watching the TV as the documentary showed exotic, colourful birds doing weird mating dances.
But a much bigger part of Castiel needed to know. If it was something he had done or was doing currently, that made Dean hesitant to be touched, then Cas wanted to fix that. He wanted to be as amazing to Dean as Dean was to him, both in bed and out. And, as little as he knew about relationships, he knew honest communication was important. Lies and omitted details had caused enough problems for him and Dean before their relationship turned romantic. He hated to think of the same issues tearing them apart now. He couldn’t let avoiding an awkward conversation or two ruin the best thing that ever happened to him.
“So, uh, speaking of supplies,” Dean began, spreading the peanut butter on two slices of bread. “Cas doesn’t have any of the stuff he needs.”
He settled back down and pressed a delicate kiss to Dean’s inner thigh. This time, when Dean let out a wavering sigh, Cas knew it was arousal, not nerves.
Slowly, so slowly, Dean leaned in until his lips gently brushed against Castiel’s. He pulled back and waited a beat, eyes scanning Cas’s. What he saw there was surprise and wonder. But also worry.
Dean immediately drifted into a deeper sleep, his face smoothing out and the tension in his body seeping out as he slumped further onto the bed.
Cas seemed shocked at Dean's reaction, if the expression on his face was anything to go by. He looked just as devastated as yesterday when he'd found out who he was.
“I did,” Cas said. He wanted to lean forward and kiss Dean, but he felt so heavy and tired he settled for kissing the shoulder that was only an inch away instead. “Very much.”
Castiel grinned and turned his focus back wholly to his task. He’d never done this before, to Dean or anyone else, but he was eager to learn. Not that Dean was offering much help. Each new thing Cas tried was met with encouraging moans and gasps and stuttered breathing.
Dean groaned, but followed the older hunter out, knowing that it wasn't really a question. Bobby hadn't even waited for an answer before he was heading out the door. The Winchester was tired and wanted to sit, but he knew better.
“Come on, Cas. I promise you’ll feel so much better after. Why don’t you take a shower and I’ll clean up in here a little, huh?”
Sam didn't speak to Cas while they wiped down the truck for prints. They planned on the angel transporting them back to the cabin, so Sam was just gonna ditch the truck here. It was time for a different one anyways. This truck wasn't worth much, and he doubted the owner was too beat up over losing it, but the last thing the brothers needed now was more attention from the cops. Switching vehicles often and randomly was a good way to help avoid that. Plus, ditching the truck here and then leaving without stealing another car would hopefully throw the local police off their scent for a bit. At the very least, it would help keep attention away from where they were actually camped out.
“Where is Dean?” Cas asked as he looked around. Due to his shame and guilt, he hadn't realized exactly how much he wanted to see the hunter until he was so close. From here, he could sense Dean's presence, but couldn't pinpoint exactly where he was.
Cas barely had the juice to poof himself and the two Winchesters out of Magnus' weird, invisible, door-less mansion. The second they appeared next to the Impala, he'd collapsed against Dean with no warning. The hunter held up the unconscious angel as best he could, refusing Sam's help as he gently eased Cas into the backseat.
There was the angel of Thursday, wearing the trench coat, sitting on the hunter's bed, wringing his hands nervously. He looked up when he heard the door open. Relief flashed on his face for a moment, but it was soon taken over by a questioning uncertainty. He watched the hunter carefully, waiting for any indication of what was going to happen next.
Dean either didn't hear him, or didn't care. Sam saw him adjust his grip on the blade, and knew he was seconds from pushing it through.
“Hey, Charlie,” Dean said, feeling the familiar tug of alpha protection and affection he felt whenever Charlie was around. Cas being in heat probably had Dean’s alpha in overdrive, which was why he felt so strongly even without her in the room. “How have you been, kiddo?”
Bobby could tell Cas was on the verge of crying, and it surprised him to see the angel, who was usually so controlled and stoic, become that emotional. For a split second he almost let up a little, but then he remembered seeing Dean the last time he checked on him. The younger hunter had been passed out on the bed upstairs, fully clothed, boots included, curled up under the angel's trench coat. His cheeks streaked and his eyes red and puffy, even in his sleep.
Dean flipped the switch beside Castiel’s head, and the target downrange began creeping closer along its track. For now, Dean had him aiming at center mass. Headshots took a lot of skill, and even he and Sam still missed them often.
“I’m listening, Dean.” Castiel takes Dean’s hand in his. It’s the first they’ve touched in days, and Dean feels his entire arm tingling up to his elbow.
Castiel looked back up at Dean when he spoke next. His once gruff voice was now soft, barely above a whisper, and it quivered with emotion. He was crying too.
Dean had always enjoyed the smell of omega in heat, but he’d figured that was just because it signaled a week of intense sex. Now, without lust flooding his system, he realized he still wanted to bury himself in that smell. To curl up around it and just bask in it for hours.
With the fear of infidelity and the confusion of learning Cas was an omega behind them, Dean could shift his focus to something else. Beginning with the fact that Castiel looked like he hadn't showered or changed his clothes in a while. And given that Dean hadn’t known to prep for this, they had none of the supplies he would need for a heat.
"Hey." Sam called back, still staring at the table. Castiel on the other hand, stood up and followed the Winchester into the other room.
"Dean, I can't move my own body. The doctor said the build up of spinal fluid in my back is getting worse. The seizures are more frequent and getting stronger. We both know we're waiting for the one that will make me a vegetable."
Dean gave a final shudder, and Cas knew he was done. Gently, he removed his fingers and turned to rest his head on Dean’s thigh. A smug grin pulled at the corner of his mouth when he felt it tremble faintly under him.
Dean chuckled and turned the TV down low, opting for subtitles instead. He scrolled through until he found some half-decent action movie with guns and explosions and Dwayne Johnson on the cover. By the time they were through the opening credits, Cas was asleep on his chest, breathing deeply.
The band stayed on for about two more hours before they did their final song, Bon Jovi's "It's My Life".
Sam wasn't sure what to say. He honestly wasn't sure how Dean felt about Castiel after everything, especially what had just transpired moments ago. He struggled to find the right words. Despite everything, this was still Cas. Still his friend and his brother's...whatever. He still wanted to be able comfort him and tell him everything was gonna be okay.
“But, something is obviously nagging at you to the point where you are distracted during jobs, and that's gonna get you killed. I'm worried about you man. So what are you so hung up on?”
The hunter remembered one night when his angel had shown up at the motel to try to talk to him. That was the first and only time Dean had ever seen Castiel cry.
Now that it was in sight, Dean became nervous. What if Cas had left again when Dean panicked and took off? What if the angel didn't still love him? Dean shook his head at that. Cas must still feel something for him, otherwise why would the angel have come back in the first place?
“Mmm, this is perfect, thank you. No, I want to see if they go away on their own. They aren’t too bad right now. I think your presence helps.”
Sam gave him an unimpressed look. Yeah, yeah, who was Dean to bitch about someone avoiding a conversation? Castiel had probably learned it from him.
But Dean being Dean, he worried. Was Castiel unhappy? Did he not feel comfortable enough, or safe enough with Dean? Was there something Dean was doing wrong? Did he ever scare Cas because he was an alpha? Was it the knotting thing, because surely Cas knew Dean had the self-control to pull out before that happened, right?
