A chance.
John just raises his brows at him smugly, rendering Sherlock vocal, and complements him. “Nice makeup.”
"What the hell are you doing?" Sherlock merely hummed and continued slicing thin cuts into a severed finger with a piece of notebook paper; posture slouching over the kitchen table as his eyes squinted in concentration. The finger appeared dried out and old, blood long drained from its veins, now being carved into: the marks looking suspiciously akin to tribal. "Experimenting." John, however, continued observing the scene in a flummoxed fashion. Debating whether or not he should just book it then and there. Who's finger was that? Oh god was he next? Guess he wasn't too far off with the psychopath proposition. He thought in fearful humour.
Thankfully, John is heedless of his revelation. That’s… good. A good thing. Yes. Right? Well, relatively speaking—
"Hey! Stop that!" A flashlight illuminates them from down the corridor to his right. It's blinding and just what he needs. The sweaty hand releases his mouth. Sherlock lets his jaw flex as he sinks down the chilled locker and onto the hard floor. He didn't have legs, maybe give them a break. He hears a light scuffle and muffled curses to his left, and refuses to turn and view their stumbling, predicted flee. Dress shoes pattering the pristine tile grow in volume to his right.
had a few blood stains. He must have been a sight to behold.
Sherlock halts his trek, it was almost physically painful to watch him go before, he looked so forlorn. But now he perks up and turns to John, looking surprised. A small hesitance is visible in his posture while his voice stays proud and politely imploring. “You think so?”
But Jim frowns, his eyes flick across to either side of his face, the motion so quick Sherlock imagines he imagined it.
Sherlock merely stared blankly. "Oh, it happened again." John didn't say anything and kept his eyes firmly glued to the television screen.
P.S This is as straight as it gets, trust me.
Sherlock twitches, and whips his head away to angrily swipe his sleeve over his mouth in seething rage. John’s arm around his waist keeps him steady as they go.
Meanwhile in London Police department.
John gave him a small convincing smile. "Yeah, I'll be fine." He spoke quickly, there were drugs to be dealt and he didn't want them getting antsy. He'd seen addicts, he knew how far they'd go for a hit and what happened when they didn't get what they wanted when they wanted it. The last thing he needed was Mike holding him up, lest he faces the wrath of their little habit. "See you in a few days, Mike."
He continues his mortifying trek, and is wholly unprepared for the girl deciding to follow him.
"Get back in the van and start the engine." The kid looked uncertainly at John and back at Jay and the other two guys. "Guys-guys come on we don't need to do this. Let's just go, we've got the-" One of the other men shouted without looking away from John. "Get back in the fucking van, Kyle!" His fists were clenched at his sides, eyes wide and manic. God, he seems worse than the first one. "Or maybe you could take his place?" He suggested, fury on him face daring him to. Kyle shot a look of remorse to a desperate looking John and left without a backward glance.
Heedless of the peripheral assault, John peered inside the faux-ancient, Chinese carriage. And there his mayor lay. A clean hole dribbled a neat line of now-dried and crusted blood down his pale forehead. John felt a pang of sympathy for the man and his family.
"Alright! You know what-" A shrill alarm cut him off and they struggled to cover their ears from the awful sound. "Shit, something's happened!" Carrie screeched over the volume.
, and
John nodded his head and squinted down in thought. “It is a rare opportunity.”
?” He shouts at her, voice a shrill whisper. He pulls his Uni sweatshirt over his head and pats it down his torso, taking in the mess of soda cans and Ben and Jerry’s ice-cream boxes littering the floor and coffee table. He hadn’t eaten in two days to elongate his foci, so the sight wasn’t terribly shocking. She always did pamper him, leaving him wary and convinced she were set on offing him someday. Or he was just her boy-toy who happened to be her near-intellectual equal. One of the diminutive parse reasons he allowed her fickle drop-ins every few months or so.
John frowned at the muted mischief on Sherlock's face. Narrowing his eyes and crossing his bare arms again, John recalled something else rather distinguishing about Neanderthals.
His frown is so deep it hurts, his middle and forefingers dig into his temples while he does his damnedest to compute this-- this…this-- Sherlock vocalizes his frustration at the lack of term despite literary genius with a small “gah!”, pressing fingers harder into his skulls thinnest bone-structure. In hopes of a modicum of sense being pressed into its narrow mass and allotting him some blessed focus.
"Ah, yes. Hello?" The man questioned.
.” He announces mockingly grand and shimmies his suddenly-air-born hands in the air at the title, feeling rather foolish at his failed attempt at slang, then snaps his hands down. Because he did not do
Sherlock lifted the neon-yellow police-tape, the color hurt his peripherals. Didn't want anyone running into it though. Morons. Allowing John to dunk underneath it as well, and
again!” Anger reaches its peak astonishingly quickly as the jeering voices of his teammates goad him to (what John assumes to be true at least) chin them all. Why had he wanted this again? The first moment his team spares him a modicum of acknowledgment out of the field, they have to do it when he’s up to his ears in confusion, choking concern, arousal, a good bit of self-loathing, and a borderline-worrying dose of caffeine pumping through his veins with enough vigor to make his hands tremor. John hugs his arms beneath his knees tightly as he remains curled and chaotic.
to act as a
Kevin laughed and relented. "Fine. Fine." And continued scouting the area.
"Kevin, please refrain from having an orgasm on shift, I reckon it would be rather difficult to earn tips with a wet stain on your trousers." Sherlock replied to him dully and kept his interested gaze on the forlorn looking figure.
"What on earth are you looking for?!"
“Your ma’.” Says another.
When he found himself briefly wondering if this was similar to a necrophilia porno. And immediately blushed scarlet, his eye twitching from the long conditioned morality crisis his triggered mind bombarded him with accordingly. And shock, because come on. Did those even exist? John played it off by gruffly asking Sherlock if he wanted to help him do his own job. All in response to the panic Sherlock's inquisitive brow elicited. Sherlock just shook his head and leant against the open carriage door, all lax observation, and told him he was. Sherlock might have been able to tell, he wasn't sure, but it was an uncomfortable thought. The lengths of what the man could see. It was intimidating.
“Vividly.” Sherlock bites out, glare downturned and aimed at the paper sun before John considers taking it back. “But fine, if you’re so desperate to stay on their
currently occupying an array of toxic looking substances in jars. All of which he was sure were banned in at least a few advanced and knowledgeable countries in chemistry. England being one of them.
Keeping his pace brisk, John made a sharp turn out of the café and towards the apartment’s front door.
And before John knew it, he was laughing too.
The knocking started again, shaking John from his stupor.
He steadied himself against the wall, willing his sudden nausea away. Knowing his stomach had nothing left to offer. And not fancying becoming a bawling mess of dry-heaves any longer than necessary. He stood up, feeling small in the cramped Scottland Yard bathroom stall.
anything?"
Sherlock sighed and dropped his hands heavily to the table; making John jump slightly. Vexed eyes made him still. "Oh, would you calm yourself?"
Sherlock felt his eyes grow in size “Oh, would you please not—“
The deletion process had been carried out flawlessly.
"No." Sherlock replied simply, as though he were vocally righting a crooked frame.
Sherlock glanced down at him. "Cleary not,-"
John took the bag from his hands, now turning the bagged bullet in his latex-gloved palms. He eyed the growing tensity between Anderson and Sherlock carefully.
Don't want him conjuring up any more... correct assumptions. How new.
“Oh, god.”
“I’m not picky, I just require some simple comme ci, comme ça.” Sherlock murmurs the strange word—sounds French--, slightly petulant and scrawls something or other onto his red binder. His galactic poster has already been rolled up and stuffed beneath the nearby splintered, ratty stool. “Would it kill them to exercise a
“Chances are admittedly slim given your tight timeframe and still-manifesting hobbies. Nonetheless, you’ve most likely grown bored of your self-imposed ostracizing due to a fallacious theory of cliques being impervious to inviting another member. Though this isn’t secondary school, and they’re all far too inebriated to keep count of whoever decides to jump in anyways. Main factor being, you’ve grown attached to someone in the little hours of free time you’ve been spared, so attached in fact you would ditch your favorite pastime and second aspired scholarship to sprint down the corridors like a madman in search of this person. Not to mention your consternated expression that could trick anyone into believing you had just witnessed your family be burned alive…”
. “Eugh. Immunodeficiency’s a cunt.” John grumbles to himself.
"Always, you can find her in the café next door, though you'll have to go around front to reach the entrance." Finally glancing up, Sherlock looked him up and down, eyes lingering on his fading bruises.
Sherlock looked down and mumbled something that sounded suspiciously similar to "Superiority complex." and walked off to the kitchen. John blinked as his gun lowered in surprise, quickly recovering and aiming the gun at him again. "Hey! What do you think you're doing?!"
Sherlock scoffed and released him; leaving him feeling warm. He leveled John with a sullen wry stare and questioned. "Why? Because I'm a man?" He cocked his head, even as his posture slackened. "This isn't the 1960s, Watson. I'm not concerned with man's fragile masculinity, nor their unrealistic façades created in effort to fulfill women's standard. Stereotypes are worthless and stifling." John said nothing as Sherlock shook his head in relent and  recede to the kitchen; shoes disturbing the wooden debris as he forcefully ambled on.
The corridor is quiet, deserted and cold. It chills his hands and cheeks but that’s all, he slipped on a sweater and a jacket beforehand. Actually warm compared to the paper-thin sweatshirt Sherlock usually wore. The idiot. John passes by the cement stairs without word, forward. And comes to a stand, the beginning of the hall where uni students had fluttered through not a few hours before now empty.
Sherlock brushes himself off with still-trembling hands—how annoying, and retaliates with. “As is manhandling people off gym equipment.” Weak, but he’s still a little surprised and just a bit dizzy from the change in position.
Kyle shot a look of remorse to a desperate looking John and left without a backward glance.
The sneer leans closer until Sherlock can taste its breath. "Then maybe I can just make sure you never open that little mouth again." Sherlock knows he wouldn't.
Tear tracks trailed from the corners of his eyes. The warm salt water delicately weaving past his hairline and into his painted curls. And he did nothing to stop them, it was futile. All because a few generation x jackasses decided red paint would suit him well.
"Three packets. Pay up." John answered calmly. The man snatched the bag and dug through it while John held himself back from doing something in response to the rash action. The man mumbled a series of "Good. Good. Good." while he sifted through the bag and finally held out a packet of white powder.
John let’s his hand rest on a bony shoulder as he—ah
"Where are the rest of my clothes?"
"Where's the bullet?" John heard Greg quietly startle at the question.
John met Lestrade's gaze sternly. "This guy knows what he's doing, he wouldn't risk a miss."
Then a smirk, John’s eyebrows rise in pleasant surprise.
This brat… John closes his eyes, an irked grin twitching at his lips, and baring his teeth. John feels the back of his neck burn and hisses out “Yes, orally.”
Opening up the suitcase she pulled out a plain white mask and turned it over with slightly trembling hands. It read 'criminal' in black marker on the forehead. Exhaling shakily she bent over and pulled down her hood, keeping her face out of view of the surveillance camera in the top right corner of the elevator, and slipped the elastic of the mask over and behind her head. Standing up she adjusted it and picked up the now closed suitcase again and exited the elevator.
London’s traffic a steady hum against sleep, living near central London meant a front seat to its urban song at all hours, the static and buzzing in his ears, spliced with many a dissonant vendor, bus or chattering group—be them screeching into their mobile for child support or rent due last week are thankfully but a muted whoosh with occasional, diminutive peaks.
Sherlock stiffened and stared ahead, his fists balled until they cackled.
Or Sherlock just didn't have time for his shenanigans and wanted to get back to work.
“Brittle marks surround the charging compartment, evincing of shaking hands and discombobulated mechanics. Common in alcoholics determined to keep a full battery to last the next day.” Sherlock punches John’s number into his own phone with an impressive multitask of text and sip.
, John."
She stiffened, not in fear but in arrogance, and smirked at him. Sherlock curled his lip in disdain. "Look, we're just encouraging people to read the bible-" What was he? A show? They've done these inane restatements time and time again.
She couldn't contain her frail, bubbly laughter as she responded. "Well, I can assure you that when I caught Sherlock dragging your bloody corpse up the stairs he had quite some explaining to do."
Just as Sherlock could retort with one of his affronted or insensitive comments a resonant voice called out. "Kevin!" A voice snapped. "Get your lazy ass over here and stop flirting with customers!"
It doesn’t even come close to hitting its mark, instead just floating pathetically down to the carpeted floor after barely making it half-way.
"Alright, I'm coming." Kevin replied, nettled, and rolled his eyes. Making sure to get a good, thorough once over of 'him' again. Sherlock wanted to choke him with his ponytail. Kevin went to leave, but turned once he reached the kitchens back entrance, shouting "If you don't get him I will!" To which Sherlock looked away when 'him' looked over.
“Uhhh.” Sherlock drawls for a second, curling away and nearly falling off the cot.
The thin corner of John’s lips twitches wryly in time with a blond eyebrow. A convoluted contradiction hinting at a perplexing, nonplussed amusement. Why—Why in this godforsaken world of impatient, insufferable bastards did this boy seem to be the one, freakish, half-way-there exception?
Anderson smiles. And releases his left hand's grip to reach down for Sherlock's right hand, his right hand still keeping Sherlock pinned. Sherlock damns the sharp gasp he emits when Anderson clenches his fingers in a constricting grip. Immediately trying to wriggle out of the steadily tightening grasp, Sherlock hisses lowly and pushes at Anderson's broader chest. Panic clouds his mind for a moment and he thinks Anderson's grip on his hand would never stop, couldn't. He cuts that thought off the moment it rears.
And so, John reared his head back up and glared. Hands tightly fisted at his sides and spine taut. He wouldn’t even shiver when a gelid gust that could rival the north pole whipped by, unfeeling of the snow biting his skin raw. Not when his core was rushing with something so rare and searing. John smiled. Enjoying the vaguely unsettled look on his frienemy’s face. Oh, it was a joy to be Captain again, he must’ve gotten lost in the cross-fire.
~~/~~
closed his eyes, remembering the thought he’d had in his drug-addled state just that morning, hoping to go home to his couch. He didn’t have a couch,
"Shouldn't be tough," he commented. Sherlock looked up at the snark but John looked only darkly amused. He was attractive. Distracting.
The skin was alive or very freshly dead, too pink to be dead longer than a half hour. Freshly dead was unlikely – the pictures almost guaranteed that this
she asked. Sherlock rolled his eyes. Why would he have said 'stay' at home with John if he weren't in the building?
John was almost up to begging for Sarah to let him come to the clinic early by the time the weekend ended. Sherlock dogged him everywhere, asking him about
John huffed out a breath, knowing why Iqniq was not bothering to thaw inside and get something to drink before the hunt. Iqniq didn't want to see Sherlock
him, afterward, travelled all the way here from Bath. He mourned you something fierce.”
"I can't analyze possible conclusions I haven't gathered, " Sherlock repeated slowly, like he was talking to an imbecile. John tried to fathom thinking of
"Hmm?" John hummed, trying to look uncertain. The major tossed his I.D back to him dismissively. John leaned forward to grab it and return it to his
“Well, you could just sit there and watch telly,” Sherlock grumbled, pulling on his thin coat.
-We -finished. He’d meant that. All of it. The cases, the sign language, the relationship. Over, if Sherlock would let him be in grave danger and unaware
and talking to a non existent circus audience. That, at least, made a sick kind of sense. This man sounded like a bank teller.
"You really are a sociopath," Lestrade declared, sounding dazed.
And John liked to see him work.
he could defeat Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. He was going to accept.
He'd never seen Sherlock care about legal arrests before; Sherlock must have had the same thought he had - probably long before. Magnussen - if he could be
“Why do you keep saying suitcase?”
Iqniq started digging out his snowgo as soon as they got home. Going hunting, John surmised, grateful for it. Hunting was almost trivial on a snowmobile if
"I didn't. We're idiots - it's not a strict system," John explained and Sherlock's face lit up in understanding, only to cloud again. John wrapped an arm
Sally knew she was staring at the man.
"Afferent neurons in the peripheral nervous system," John commented. Sherlock frowned and turned his head, clearly confused. John didn't blame him; he
casual, less comfortable. Sherlock sat back in his chair, staring past his shoulder at God-knew-what and that wasn't odd at all but it was
identities..Who? Too many options," he hissed. "The staff, the patients, their visitors…Too many, too many, too many!" he yelled at the door, slapping a
"Fine, I'll order something," Sherlock growled, sitting back in his seat. John felt his eyebrows rise at the easy submission. It wasn't worth the effort of
feeling of a clue showing itself. John was right...they'd found
“Let’s get back to work. Contact dispatch, keep an eye out for anyone seeing a man fitting John’s description getting pulled from a car or walking anywhere
for his fingers pointed toward the ceiling. Another message, but Sherlock couldn’t decipher it.
slow and finally stop.
shoulders and clamped jaw, thinking perhaps John would never return to London with him. He put the cans back exactly where they'd been and John didn't
"And that the ambassador has asked for you two personally," Lestrade returned.
that house; and as long as it is, the personal freedom of anyone you've met is a fantasy." Sherlock glanced at him again, looking nervous. John sighed.
John could feel him watching him.
John hesitated at the thought, taking stock of his surroundings. A scared-looking nurse was holding up both his hands in what looked like either submission
Sebastian Moran left first.
John thought, shaking his head and thinking he should have stayed at home.
wait and think with her face agape. She closed her mouth finally, apparently understanding something, and bit her lip.
"You already knew that," he said stupidly. Lestrade shrugged and waved a hand between them.
John relaxed, pleased. Sherlock.
Chapter 1
"-I -told -you, -I -not -dress -good -enough," John complained as they entered. There was a man dressed all in black handing out
Lestrade shrugged helplessly.
"All those whack jobs for the USA. I can really see why you like him…" Magnussen drawled. John swallowed. Sherlock didn't even bother to feign surprise.
had to focus on the tiny mental machinations that would lead Magnussen into their trap. There was nothing more he could do. Still, John did not want to
sight of them. John was wrapped in nothing but a towel and bandages, his hair dried in an uncombed mess, still looking far better than Sherlock whose nose
catching the expression even lying on his back, the lamp shining in his eyes. He tipped his head back to catch Sherlock's eye, looking a bit exasperated
his head, his eyes wide.
of metal from his pocket and held it up against the light. "We need you to plant this," he announced and tossed it to her. Janine caught it deftly and
"Thank you," he said sincerely. The president smiled briefly and stepped away, still looking uncertain. Sherlock moved immediately for the door, clearly
grateful, as the nurses helped him into the car. Sherlock climbed in after and ordered 221 Baker Street, as he had so many times before. The time stretched
"Oh. Right," he said.
"I don't want tea," he said finally.
"In case it was impossible to talk to you," Sherlock replied, bouncing down the alley way to stand in front of him. Right. What the devil?
Greg checked back at 221B for two weeks before he thought to check the bedsit. To his surprise, Donovan came with him every time, her frown deepening every
He knew he should go. Nine days of torture, a month of recovery. What more was there between them now?
two bedrooms.”
“No, that's false,” he said. Harry turned on John.
the tile wall, frustrated with himself. Sherlock moved to sit beside him.
back. He patted his hands down on the arms of the chair and turned to see Mrs. Hudson smiling softly at him, her expression full of hope.
John groaned, hating his thoughts. He wanted Sherlock Holmes to
lost. Slipping away from them.
home, it'd be awkward if John were still there. And yet, he'd found apartment options and moving companies and had never called any of them.
His heart rate started increasing while they shared the dessert and worsened while John paid the bill. He got out to the taxi and took his pulse again,
Mike pressed the nail to him again and John shouted out in pain. He couldn’t keep himself from begging and wasn’t going to try; he’d do almost anything to
"You know Magnussen as a newspaper owner but he is so much more than that. He uses his power and wealth to gain information. The more he acquires, the
"It's a bloody war. What the hell do you expect?" John growled.
The copilot helped them into their seats without protest. Apparently Mycroft had already cleared it for them to take the flight home. That rather cut into
fall, onto their mattress, still clinging to the jar of yeast.
"I last saw him months ago, when he came in for the postmortems. I gave them to him and uh – told him he couldn't leave with them. He looked them over,
Sherlock sat across from the man, still curious.
"He left, came back," he explained, frustrated. Sally frowned. Surely that wasn't too complicated for her excuse for a brain?
“Oh, for God's sake, if you're just making this up...” Lestrade barked.
“So's Sergeant Donovan,” Moriarty replied and John failed to keep back a smirk. He'd been handed two cops that were certainly
him.
Moriarty already knew John to be an atheist. The only thing left was to take away his enemy and his pride. An effect which was rather damaged by Mike
Sherlock learned the footprints of a dozen animals he'd never see in London. He learned how to navigate around the barren land by the small crop of trees
A boy stumbles around a far corner and John almost says Sherlock’s name. Almost. The boy’s too tall, too straight judging by the equally inebriated girl hanging off his arm. John turns away before he notices how rushed they look. Strange, when he squints past the shadows encasing the stairway they rush to climb. John can make out Anderson’s rat-like features. He wants to stop them, because women weren’t allowed after hours and without visitor’s pass. This could hurt the team even.
“But I suppose it depends on the line at Tesco’s. Customers are relatively sparse on Wednesday’s.” Sherlock’s voice breaks his stupor.
Sherlock rolled his eyes and looked at the ceiling. "Your wallet, duh." Sherlock flicked his nose at 'duh'. " You're also a veteran, army doctor, discharged due to injury to your left shoulder. You still suffer from PTSD, mild superiority complex your therapist had blown off as being calloused from the war, perhaps she was right. More tests are needed. Anyways, you were discharged 2 years ago and sported a psychosomatic limp for quite some time but you've managed to overcome it, mostly. No wife, no children, no family, just you and your blokes. Though I must admit I am curious about what induced such a drastic change in career." Sherlock turned to him. "What happened?" Sherlock looked at John in mock bewilderment while shaking his head.
Lestrade shook the thought from his mind and sat back in his plush swivel chair with a sigh. He had a few calls to make.
Sherlock almost winced aloud at the irony. But it was better to have Gavin know now than have him find out later.
Her delicate features formed a frown. "Even though you wouldn't have been the first one. So I knew something was wrong right off the bat."
“Happiness awaits." Sherlock sighs tiredly and rises from the floor, grabbing his hieroglyphic binder as he goes. And drops his ramen into the cylinder metal garbage can after pushing the bottom lever down with his toe, causing the cover to flip open to accept his unwanted jail-food. “I’m off.”
Received: You there?
With a fairly derisive noise of repulsion, he rolls his neck to glower towards the front of the room and mutters acidly. “Hedonistic morons, all playing a never-ending game of Blind Man’s Buff.”
The curly mop abruptly snaps up and slams against the metal behind it. John jumps at the clatter. While Sherlock keeps his head tipped back, long sternocleidomastoid muscles stretched just beneath pale skin, and laughs. Grin gaudy and teeth tine. Breathy, hollow, Sherlock laughs it for a not even two seconds before John wants to shake him. Then he dies down and takes a deep breath through his nose, eyes shut tight. Opposing from their previously crinkled, half-shut state. The abrupt amusement gone as quick as it came.
John ceases typing at the force of his relief, and sighs. Okay, this was getting silly. The school’s hostility was pretty new to him though, so John rolls with it. And lets the relief flow. Sherlock wouldn’t be roaming the spiting halls, just a quick stop at their local grocery store. In and out. Simple. Safe. No reason for to have a sexuality crisis.
Janine knocking on the bathroom door.
"You want to be together?" he asked and Greg didn't answer. Probably knowing where he was going with that. "She want you?" John pressed and Greg started
gaze. John stared back at him, unsure how to react.
drying blood were only too obvious. Sally wanted to drag Lestrade away from Sherlock but he was her boss. They were all exhausted, none of them thinking
John turned back to see Sherlock push his hands into his shorts. He was too skinny. His eyes were red with sleep deprivation. It was only then his disguise
"-No! Stay exactly where you are. Don't move," Sherlock ordered. John stepped back into place, uncertain. "Keep your eyes fixed on me. Please, will you do
John inhaled sharply, pulling painfully cold air into his lungs. He shook out the two lines and canvas sled bag, glad he could do this without thinking.
the middle of the night. It hit John then that he was incapacitated. Drunk and in public and there were two strangers here. The alcohol kept his heart
John added. The waitresses' eyes widened, apparently having guessed the decidedly not-subtle gesture.
Sherlock opened his eyes, tipped his face to gaze at him.
~~//~~
And oh my lord. John processed and felt himself gulp. His mouth watered.
for him. Apparently there was only one best move, and Sherlock assumed John would take it. He flashed John his 'revolver' card and rolled the dice again.
his fingers through his hair. John opened his mouth to speak, but couldn't remember Sherlock saying anything of the sort. Sherlock curled his lip, looking
so much more than that. Loved him fully. He should have seen it. He was
"Why not?" he whispered and Gladstone lifted his head, his ears twitching. Sherlock stepped away from the stove, expecting to be bitten, but the dog simply
~~/~~
Partner? Sherlock had been going to let him
out the line of thought. John wanted him to approve of him, seemed to light up whenever Sherlock smiled; he'd known that since the first day. John had
hollowness in his gut threaten to open up and consume him. He couldn't meet those striking blue eyes without wincing. They made him picture a head wound
John ran his fingers through his greasy hair. He wanted to get out of here. So he pulled the hand-towel off its hook by the sink and tossed it into the tub
and win.
“I cannot stay here,” he answered.
"John," she greeted, running her hands down her lab coat to smooth it, visibly calming herself.
very little lifting strength. I'll start on small weights soon," he summarized casually. To Sherlock's relief, this was easy to respond to. It was
dead? Thirteen
despite his intention. He would always reject the skewed idea of caring most people had that would have left John bleeding out on the street. John was
"Those aren't fishsticks. Obvious, John," Sherlock drawled and John put the jar down on the coffeetable before moving to wash his hands. He definitely
John were clouding his thoughts. If it didn't stop he was going to lose this race. And yet still he could not stop fearful images of a dead corpse he had
when I touch your hair," Sherlock quoted, trying to ignore how his face tingled in a developing blush. Donovan opened her mouth as if to speak, only to
would not work, but Mycroft could be far more subtle when he wanted. Had Mycroft goaded him? Told him about the threat that followed Sherlock’s suicide?
hospital alone. Probably still dying. And from the tension still around Sherlock's eyes, the man knew it.
your arms over your waist enough to return to work. Ergo, you've not forgiven me under all but the most senseless definitions," Sherlock replied without
"And if I always got a hard-on from hot bread?" he asked and Sherlock shrugged.
He was already giving it all away.
"Now what?" John asked and Sherlock huffed out a frustrated breath.
probably a bad thing. It likely meant John would get hurt, when he got bored with him, found something better to help him in his work. It might have been
Another case, probably. There wasn't much else that could make Sherlock run like that. John pushed his weight back into his right shoulder, wondering at
baking powder, rice, baking soda – all in small trashcans, tied closed, kept in the cabinets beneath the countertops. Vitamin pills, yeast, and the sealed
"Hello pet," the man started, pushing his glasses up his nose with his index finger. "You know, when he was on his deathbed, Bach, he heard his son at the
Sherlock glanced down at himself. He was in a clean hospital gown. No further information. Mycroft was sitting by the window, holding his umbrella out in
Sherlock flopped down on Sebastian Moran’s hotel bed, sure the man would not return, now. Due to John Watson.
replied.
and John glowered back.
procedure. Still, it meant he didn't move while John dealt with the fluid still dripping from Sherlock's ears.
Dust is eloquent.
even with nothing more to get done. He set himself in the conference room with John’s possessions, which Greg had wisely ordered no one but Sherlock to
~~/~~
"-Sit," John ordered, getting up from his chair. Sherlock furrowed his eyebrows in confusion.
Mike cut his shirt off of his body and let it drop to the ground. John stared down at it dumbly, watching the blue fabric soak his blood out of the
"-Glass," John replied, pushing his brain back into it.
converging on accuracy. John being upset because Sherlock had said he didn't have him as a friend felt the most reasonable but that had been totally fine
He'd ended up here. But he knew how to live here, a silent traumatized man. And Sherlock couldn't hold out his hand and say 'it could be dangerous' and fix
find themselves in this position again, when he'd be sure that Sherlock would stay.
"Her first name is Martha?" Sherlock asked, expecting to see John roll his eyes in exasperation but instead the man blinked and rechecked the note.
Sherlock seemed to consider for a moment and walked out of sign into the living room. He came back with his coat and John groaned. Of course. He shouldn't
"Believe I'm what?"
the home and showed up in their food and the skin that made up the mattress and insulated the door. Caribou, then. Sherlock sighed, frustrated with how
noise at all. John looked up to see a terrified fox in his trap and the dogs straining against their harnesses to get to it, threatening to tip the sled if
"Is that wrong?" Sherlock asked, stopping his bow with a squeal. John blinked. Sherlock looked genuinely concerned, his eyes wide and boring into John's…
"-We -discuss -topic -what?" Sherlock asked, looking vaguely lost.
Sherlock clamped his emotions down again.
Sherlock had to pound his body into submission to force it down into the bed, not moving.
with possibilities – if John had meant the hand to go the other direction – he made that mistake sometimes – slow, long, how long, nightly – too many
“I know,” Sherlock intoned just as John turned for the door. “A thousand apologies, John.”
on top of each other to head up the stairs to get back to signing.
man walking to his gallows, John trudged into Sherlock's tiny bathroom and closed the door.
"Dull," he complained but John heard the sink run water into their kettle and he sat back, smiling. He brought the packet back onto his lap and had to sit
"It'll be okay," Donovan said meaninglessly. Incanting – the common attempt to make a situation better by stating that it was. Useless.
John got back to his flat to see Lestrade pounding on his door, a pile of duffel bags at his feet.
his body dramatically.
“To be fair, I knew who was doing it,” Sherlock replied. John blinked.
"John, could I talk to you for a few minutes in my office, please?" she called before disappearing behind her closed door, no doubt moving to hide behind
out in front of him and suspected that unless Franklin was smart enough to not step off, he'd have the data for
with his fingers, enjoying the story. Mrs. Hudson's past; how had he never asked before?
sighed and folded it back into his pocket.
started back down the hill.
grimaced, pointing to the pad.
To try again at 221B? Would he never learn?
disappeared around the willow grove beside the hut. Sherlock stepped back into the home, the only refuge from the weather for as far as he could see.
am I supposed to say to that?" he asked, turning. Mycroft was still facing the house. He turned finally and lifted his hands,
kitchen. Or more accurately, Mrs. Hudson was still berating Sherlock while the man steadily ignored her.
them. He'd barely been able to pay attention to their crime scenes while he was there. But of course he knew where John was without being able to hear him.
“This town is remarkably well informed of our arrival,” Sherlock muttered, turning in a circle to take in all the houses around them.
~~/~~
"Red is abandoned buildings, blue's tunnels and infrastructures," he confirmed. Donovan nodded quickly.
sleeping together 'partners' thing to the world at large. They'd find out soon enough and no doubt it would be miserable when it came.
"-Chinese," John requested and Sherlock smiled slightly at his knowing the sign. Sherlock nodded and started off and John waited long enough to nod at
wanted Sherlock physically when they were friends, a few times when Sherlock was standing in the window, almost seeming to glow with beauty. He’d never had
"You really -" he started and Sherlock ground down on him again. John inhaled sharply, fighting back the urge to pull the man down to him.
Six texts to his phone from the same number.
He wondered, reflecting on the prone body before him for a moment, though he knew he was not hesitating. Sebastian Moran would die in this car.
them for interrupting her holiday, apparently anticipating them.
“I don’t know,” he answered and Sherlock nodded, not shifting from his seat. Good enough for him, then, John thought, wondering if a simple ‘no’ was all
knelt up on the mattress and leaned over the kitchen chair to look out. Sherlock flicked his eyes back to the sled, hoping the dogs would pull now, though
wouldn't be unlike Sherlock to keep important files in the least accessible part of the house.
"It's the dead-eye stare that gives it away," Sherlock said. His voice rumbled deep in his throat. "Except it's not dead-eyed, is it? You're reading." He
He had to call Sylvia Moran – he had to ask
Sherlock threw out all the mail without sorting it and put a trashcan by the door for the rest of it. He left every morning for Molly’s lab and returned late at night, Gladstone trotting cheerfully at his heels. John scrubbed every inch of the flat, then refinished the floors.
intimidated. John rubbed at his forearm, frustrated with himself. He hadn' t needed to hurt the lad; he'd known that.
John's pupils widened. Just a bit, hardly noticeable at all, but he wasn't the one who'd moved out of the way of the light. He hadn't moved at all, in
"-Ten years past -I -want -show -I -smart. -Classes, -other -student -learn -slow, -I -want -show -how much -I -myself -could -learn," John started,
“You’re saying yes,” Sherlock deduced, rolling to face him, his eyes wide. John smiled and Sherlock’s smile slowly grew until it looked about ready to split his face.
in the snow and do nothing when there were murderers and kidnappers running loose, creating puzzles throughout London. But that was John's nature now.
Sherlock took in the landscape he'd missed while cloistered in the sod home. The snow was light and fluffy from a fresh snow and the dogs barely had to
'You're a bit like my dad. He's dead', 'You're a tit like my dad. He's dead'. 'You're a wit like my dad. He's dead' or any of that ending in 'he's red',
"How dangerous is this then?" Sherlock asked, frowning. John swallowed, cracked open the gun to empty the chamber and caught the cold bullet in his palm.
media firmly moving on from his 'miraculous return from the dead'; very little chance of one. Nothing would keep John here and once he'd left, what would
don't like tagging behind. You shouldn't worry, it's a normal emotion. It was much more unusual that you didn't seem to have it."
"-Car -driver -ask -if -we -deaf. -Talk -aloud," John related. Sherlock blinked at him a moment and John allowed himself to chuckle, thrilled when Sherlock
again, Sherlock had always acted like he was invincible.
"God, no."
easily, not
“I have absolutely no idea,” he answered honestly. Tessa chuckled.
looking furious at the proceedings.
change nothing and he would be better off ready for bed when he checked upstairs for the man.
"Okay, people, I know it's a tall task but we need to ignore our shock right now. Sherlock Holmes is alive and we have already determined that he's
"That doesn't surprise me at all," John said and Jim nodded, looking pleased by the statement.
to tell.
"Oh, it was paid in advance," the man answered.
would come soon, left them alone.
him the sign. He learned it best he could and moved on.
their driver.
candles in the bin by the toilet. When Sherlock had ditched them all John wasn't sure, but he was grateful for it all the same. Janine was nothing to them,
“I randomly guess with no further evidence that it was Colonel Mustard, in the lounge, with the candlestick,” Sherlock began, already sounding annoyed at
John got out of the car and stared at their front door. His now, surely. Sherlock would not be coming back to London. John wouldn’t have to avoid their
The nurses nodded and reassured him and started checking his vitals and writing down notes. John blew out a heavy breath, frustrated, his conclusion
her gaze fluttering down his broken body. John felt his smile fade and she straightened.
alleyway, his eyes lit up with brilliance. John inhaled, feeling like he hadn’t breathed in years, and swung his legs over the bed.
He'd wanted Sherlock gone so very badly, the first days, wanted his solace back. Old wounds were threatening to tear open and it'd be so very easy to step
“I never lied to you,” Sherlock protested, pulling his violin off of his chair and flopping onto the couch.
Sherlock wanted to drive his palms into his eyes but John would notice and start asking questions. No, he had to act normally, focus on the
Christmas," Sherlock added, smirking like the last sentence had been some shared joke. Magnussen smiled again. Better.
not fear.
“The ..ah… the funeral,” he started, gazing around the empty kitchen, his eyes catching on the sanitized shelves where microscopes and vortex mixers used
get a colleague?” she asked. “What, did he follow you home?” she turned to ask John. John shifted away from her.
"You obviously stabbed him before he got into the shower," Reed accused.
Sherlock identified, remembering the sound. John pulled himself out of their bed and added logs to the stove. He dressed for going out and Sherlock stood
captured, when Sherlock returned?
John blinked, his heart starting to race. Could he have it all again? Mystery, adventure, danger? Partners with the most fascinating mind he’d ever met,
anything else. He could just stare and be bored.
as possible. But, on very rare occasions, a criminal would not come to heel for James Moriarty, and Sherlock Holmes would save the idiot’s life.
Five dogs were chained away from the house and barking like wild things. Their chain had dug a channel into the bark of the tree holding them back, a wound
chance he'd chosen wrong.
“It is Sherlock? Is he alright then?” she called. John made himself open their door.
entirely forced to.
"I'd say so," John replied and Sherlock nodded, tilting his head as he thought.
John thought, looking into his bloodshot eyes and wondering how long it'd be before he'd have his turn at shouting at the man. He was rather inclined to
Christ, it was strange to speak aloud outside of work. The woman smiled and leaned in a little closer. Crap. He'd seemed interested. John felt his eyes
“Mesa. And why would it matter?”
John thought, sure he'd look about mental in the photograph.
-" John wrote.
There was no way to go after Moriarty's men without risking John, and no way to return while the assassins still existed. It wasn't worth it if there was
flat housing all of his old nightmares. And if it’d changed, if Mrs. Hudson had finally rented it out and someone else was there, if Sherlock was staying
"Standard procedure," Sherlock agreed. Three assassins now; why would they need three? Surely the two kills had been planned out, some kind of clue. So
thing aloud - too obvious, probably, and John rubbed at his face, pushing his mic out of the way so they could make out again.
John blinked.
a staircase blocking most of their view into the next room which looked to be an open dining room. The entrance room however, had nothing in it but what
jumped. It's over. It's the least I can do, clear his name. "
Fuck, but he wasn't going to be the same man on the other side of this.
time he'd come here to see John stumbling home, half killed by grief.
"-I -don't know -her. -She -care -what -I -say -why?" Sherlock asked, finally turning to face him. He didn't look repentant at all.
eye again, deciding that this time he was most certainly not making her drinking his problem. He had enough problems, he’d say.
behind him but unwilling to turn and reassure himself.
He was only halfway down the steps when he heard Mrs. Hudson opening her door. He moved faster, hoping he could get out before -
"We found a possible pick-up site," came over Lestrade's radio, two hours later. Sherlock jerked up from his seat, his chair flipping backwards, his eyes
"I – Learn – BSL," he said. Sherlock groaned loudly and signed back something unintelligible. John shot him a rueful smile.
"I'll send a text in the cab," Sherlock said, guessing Lestrade was hollering about keeping everyone informed again. Still, he had to do it – he'd need the
too easy for that. There was nothing more inherently frightening about a darkened parking garage than a well-lit street – getting shot felt just the same.
the last pile of his stash.
Franklin was bloody
back but in shatters. That didn’t mean he could step back into the life he’d loved and pretend it had never changed. Sherlock stared out at nothing, his
"Yeah, but am I a pretty lady?" John pressed, amused. Sherlock squinted at his sticky note.
himself to concentrate on typing in all the medical files and blocking out the rest of the world. He needed something to
Lestrade and the other useless officers wandered in sometime later and wandered about for hours with nothing useful to add; most of them carefully keeping
"Not as much as it does for you. When was the last time you bothered learning someone's name?" John asked. Sherlock hummed, apparently thinking.
of warm air rose up around the animals and a frozen carcass brought inside would steam in the heated air.
“You have career aspirations in relationship therapy?” John asked instead. Mike’s eyebrows rose in surprise and John found himself pulling back as if from
focused on him for a moment, his pale face drawn with concern. He couldn't be more out of place sitting in a rather badly home carved chair, leaning
"He's been trying for awhile?" John asked, going to the sink to put on some tea. Sherlock snorted.
~~/~~
Sherlock swallowed, unable to talk. John frowned heavily, his wrinkles digging deeper into his mouth.
cards, here, but did he really have any secrets left? Sherlock knew he'd loved him, knew he'd been attracted to him, knew that he'd screamed for him every
"I don't understand you. Sometimes you seem so human," she said. He ignored the blow.
hood of the car into all of London to go kill himself. That was on the arresting officers and Mr. Sherlock Holmes.
“Yes, because you need me,” James stated and John watched as the detective regarded them silently, thinking.
Mike had shoved in his throat to make it hurt so badly. Something sharp
catch in his lungs.
smoke-flavored air of a wood-burning stove. Sherlock turned.
misunderstanding, and wrote "Sherlock Holmes" on Sherlock's sticky note. He leaned back, proud of his cleverness, and grabbed his bottle of brandy.
was the closest person to Sherlock's distant heart - was that where this 'Janine' was now? Did they come to her, now that John had told them all off?
of mouths to feed. John didn't have any experience taking care of anyone else in this hostile land.
he was going to go shout abuse at his flatmate for his latest late-night hobby. As pathetic as it made him, he didn't have the heart for it. John flopped
on the counter beside the file to brace himself and flipped the cover open. Pathologist's chart.
"-He -not say -you -hello -also," John replied. Sherlock shook his head, looking lost.
or not. now John really wanted to know what Sherlock had said about him. Mr. Holmes waved him down, in a reassuringly casual gesture.
John thought, swallowing heavily.
"Molly's fine," she said cheerfully. That would have been so good to hear, once.
require any degree of intelligence or you'd be granted your wish and I'd never have had to waste my time reading your bloody sign. Why don't you do
John thought, approaching with Sherlock. Neighbors were standing on their porches on either side of the crime scene home, peering at Lestrade.
tore his eyes away and dragged his new carcass into the underground cache of caribou meat. He started shoveling snow back onto the wooden structure, aware
"Mike?" John sputtered, before he'd thought further, only to shake his head. There had to be a Mike that she and Sherlock knew. Surely Sherlock had not
"Peter Ricolleti," Lestrade started, his voice too loud over the mic. "One of Interpol's most wanted list since 1982. Well, we got him, and there's one
"Rouse hat, cows sat, cow's fat, how's that? - likely, but there's no way to
"-First; -my career. -Second; -gay -people? -Some -people -hate; -Third, -now -that -not -D-E-E-R-S-T-A-L-K-E-R. -Now -that -hat -S-H-E-R-L-O-C-K
He had to talk to Molly. He needed more facts, something to pin down what John might have done and where. Did John have any enemies? Sherlock tried to
John stopped a few feet from Sherlock, his eyes wild.
closed his eyes, his legs extending out forever down the bed.
"I haven't had to make tea before," he protested. John lifted the packed past the edge of the couch, where he knew a trashcan waited half-empty. Sherlock
Sherlock shrugged, snapping the ring box closed. He glanced back at John and his gaze narrowed. "But you're the expert on women."
John swallowed, his joy melting. Dirty work.
he realized and got his second hand up to help pull the heavy trigger.
The fall from that building was going to
this exact table before. Three in this same seating arrangement – John preferred to be able to see the door. Still, something was
"Yes," John said, deciding that no matter how confused he was about his motivations, he wasn't going to reveal his doubts to Mycroft. Mycroft smirked and
“I was captured,” John said, in the same tone he’d once used when he’d faced Mike Stanford and answered ‘I got shot’. Harry frowned. Not good enough,
there was any big game to find in the area.
John opened his eyes slowly, blinking away the tears that had burst into his eyes at the blow. He was in a parking garage; that was clear from the angled
, John noted, getting concerned for it's safety - before the genius finally planted himself on the floor in front of him, dumping
"No, I would have alerted the authorities immediately." He drawled in a 'did you switch your brains for magic beans' tone. John ignored it, he was getting good at that, Sherlock noted. "Then why haven't you?" John met his gaze.
"The last door, at the end of the hall. And do mind your injuries." John had never ran so fast. Reaching the door he was met with the heavenly sight of a pearly white bowl and shut the door behind him. After he relieved himself and nearly cried he began to contemplate what the
Sherlock looked at him for a little while, giving him a small but genuine smile. "Thank you, John." He turned back towards the fireplace and steepled his fingers beneath his chin. "Any other questions?"
The grin and wide dark eyes made him uneasy, but he knew Carol could handle herself, she couldn't have earned her rank without the possession of certain abilities. Gavin winked at him once more and let himself into the office. He waited until he heard talking on the other side and listened as the two traded courtesies.
Scowling and damning Sherlock’s flawless but maddening deduction skills would get him nowhere. This he knew all too well. But he’d already made up his mind. He was right after all.
Sherlock remained waiting, but sliced into the false appendage with a tad more force. Huh, eccentric fellow he was. "Was I not allowed to leave before?" He questioned if only to clear this dank atmosphere.
So here he is, running around like some lost puppy with separation anxiety. When, for all he knew, Sherlock could have just decided to take the long way back, maybe a walk in the park, perhaps gone to see a friend.
Feeling his teeth momentarily clatter from the impact, John hissed.
Sherlock scoffs and shakes off John’s hand, leaning away when the rough affection doesn’t cease. Leaving his hair in a  disastrous flurry. John snickers when an image of a disgruntled poodle pops up, checking the clock on the wall out of habit. And swivels on his heel to go grab his wallet.
The sudden searing sensation returns, but it leaves him feeling a small, inspired warmth that typically accompanies reaching a solution, in lieu of earlier’s tangent cringe. He blinks. Blinks again.
“Yes, that’s why I need you.”
But it made for a bitter metaphor. A bitter independence. It was him against the world. Sure, he'd always be there for those in need, for those who asked. And with that he was content. Although recently, he'd begun to question his giving nature and its consumers, sure he continued his services... Perhaps for the selfish hope that it may be returned someday.
Snapping up he excitedly paced left and right to the fire alarm in rhythm. "I
And open his eyes he did. He looked up and saw two clear blue eyes. They reminded him of ice. He shivered.
Sniffing, John goes over to slip the blanket his mother knitted him over Sherlock’s shoulders. The younger man looks up from massaging his socked, dead feet, before using a hand to pull it farther his shoulders. Interesting eyes too…was that a speck of violet? No. Blue?
Why: you ask?
John takes a steadying breath and keeps his head low, face shaded as Sherlock slowly inhales once more through congested airways but makes no move away from John’s initially forced affections. John doesn’t make him. And thanks no one on account of Sherlock not bearing witness to the way his nose and lips twitch into a poorly-conserved snarl. His frown feels dangerous enough to bear. Sherlock didn’t need to see this, not if the aftershock of the assault still made him wary. It was unrealistic to place Sherlock on level with a troubled pedestrian, he’d scoff and raise a condescending brow at any such attempt and ask John if
John felt himself be clutched close, a cold, painfully tight grip on his forearms. He jerked his head upwards in alarm and heard Sherlock begin speaking; voice harsh and calm and uncomfortably close. "Oh, how could I forget?" The sentence bordered closely on a growl. " I can be harassed, discriminated, reviled, but god forbid I do anything in retaliation." His baritone gradually deepening in rage; eyes boring into his own. There was something there, something angry, something desperate, something indisputably human. John made to twist from his grip but Sherlock kept his grip sure. A tad nervous now; John scowled and glared up darkly.
“Now, that, I don’t believe.” Sherlock regains his composure nonetheless, as he mouths over the words slowly, giving a deliberate peer at John through his bangs and an unimpressed tilt of his head. The uncharacteristic action seems entirely appropriate for whatever worthless reason, but Sherlock feels it properly conveys the unmoved veneer he so fancies.
Gavin him an exasperated look though it looked like it was mostly aimed at himself. "You kept cutting me off. I tried to leave a few times but you kept on muttering about how you wanted to get this over with and calling me stupid kid." He pushed his glasses up his nose and tilted his chin up a bit, glaring at Lestrade as he stood up briskly. "I'm
"When in reality, I’d rather have the walls painted with my innards, and have my severed head  act as a paintbrush. Than to be referred to as anything remotely related to their
He was quickly rewarded for his efforts with a swift foot to the stomach. John hunched forward and onto the ground, feeling the rough pavement slice the skin on his palms. Before he could recover or look up he was kicked in the side of the head causing him to crash to the ground. Everything was a haze and he could hear faint snickering above him. Sluggishly lifting his hand to survey the damage done to his temple he tenderly touched the cut and felt the entire side of his face erupt in a strange numb burning sensation.
---------------------------------------------------------------------
John pauses placing his shark socks aside, frowning for a moment. Sherlock’s sudden concern was unexpected. So could you blame him for being a tad surprised? Sherlock was the very pinnacle of apathy and sass.
"I know what you do, boy. And you're not letting Sherlock get one whiff of it. You hear me?" John felt the hair on his arms raise at the chilling dip the woman's voice had taken. He nodded, then shook his head, he would never ever contribute to turning Sherlock into one of those animals. And he told her so.
"Did I pass?" Sherlock panted out as he collapsed beside John, were those tears in his eyes? “  Absolutely." John replied a tinge sarcastic and glanced in his direction. Leaning back onto his hands with his legs stretched out in front of him.
"You're late." The dejected looking man uttered, dark rings under his half-shut eyes. He sounded lightly surprised beneath the initial frustration. "We've only got five hours."
"WHAT?!"
. He quickly rationalized. Plus, the guy seemed like he deserved it, and John's always been one for righteousness. And if he were being honest with himself, he quite liked the cozy feeling of being engulfed by familiar soft warmth. Not familiar in the sense of a mothers embrace, no. Something about harsh whipping winds not making it past his impenetrable woolen shield.
"Got your fix yet, genius?" The male hovering by Sherlock's shoulder sniped.
A hooded figure entered through the lobby holding a large black case, about two feet in diameter. They were dressed in a black zip up hoodie and dark wash jeans observing the lobby with hooded eyes, steps long and determined. At first glance the boyish figure would appear to be an outcast or a teenager going through some phase, but upon closer inspection you would notice the hidden feminine contours of the body and their aged face. But today the hotel lobby was bustling with people, all filling the air with excited chatter of the ceremony taking place in an hour or so. Perfect.
“No,” John disagrees, looking down at his crumbling sandwich, then flicks a gnat off the soppy bread. “But it’ll kill us in the mean time.”
But, as usual, impelled them both. John rinsed the acidic tang from his mouth, being mindful of his pavement-induced lacerated palms. Once finished he glanced up, and only then took notice of his beaten reflection. He looked every bit as tired and defeated as he felt. Bruises and abrasions littered his person. Jesus, what had they done to him? John grimaced in discomfort when he probed at the torn flesh of his left cheekbone. And then, for reasons he currently couldn’t say coherently, he proceeded to further inspect the damage done.
He was so good at it too. Ah, was it because he was precocious? Were they jealous? Surely they all couldn’t be that petulant. Sherlock was just a kid too. Plus, John takes Sherlock in for a moment, he was quite a looker too. Fair complexion, high cheek bones…hair that had probably seen better days. Sherlock must have had a few admirers that would take pity on him.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock murmurs, after a moment, feeling and sounding a tad too sincere for his taste. Leans back a little. And in all likelihood, it was against his will. But to avoid looking strange or repulsed by shooting up and away. Sherlock remains slightly reclined, careful to keep his back from coming in contact with John’s arm, but it’s enough, warmth emanates from the limb and through his hoodie.
Sherlock manages to rub his fingers roughly across his forehead, then holds them out in an imploring manner, feeling his lips tighten into a grim line. Even as slight joy and relief ebb in his chest at the response, he’s ecstatic to put on a show of composure and surety. Practice makes adequate. The thrumming anxiety of constant sensory input that hosted the lack of distraction when in public and being wholly bombarded by unwanted data still has yet to be conquered. This will do for the time being.
Sherlock smirked at his question and glanced down, nodding, then back into the carriage. "No idea. Take a look?"
Ignoring his comment he asked. "Nice gun, where did you get it?" He watched tensely as Sherlock sauntered over to it and turned it in his hands with skill, face sending a quick polite smile at John again. "Yes, lovely model it is isn't it? A KP-01 SIG SAUER P226. But it isn't mine." Johns face went flat as he glanced between Sherlock and the firearm. "Then how did you
“Want anything?”
The panic still a steady hum in the back of his mind, John felt himself bristle.
there was too much on the line for him. But in this moment, he
Then, abrupt, needle-like pain flared through his temple. John moved to raise his hand to it in alarm. If only the room hadn’t begun to share  likeness to a window pane during hurricane Katrina. John struggled to steady himself and blindly grasped at the bathroom counter, the effort later proving futile. John fell to his raw knees, the impact of the hard tile making him grunt. Now panting, he was overcome with a sudden wave of nausea. Promptly, emptying his stomachs nonexistent components into the toilet so opportunely placed before him.
Mrs. Hudson shook her head in fond exasperation. Blissfully unaware of John's minor meltdown. He's seen dead people, just not...used for such a purpose.
The latter answered with a casual. "Awe, sweetheart. I miss you too, I'll meet you there alright? I've also got little Sarah with me. She can't wait to see you." She heard a little girl laugh on the other end of the line and felt tears burn her eyes.
Deciding he was being astoundingly pathetic he uncrossed his legs and downed his glass's remaining components. What was he? A socially awkward, introverted, teenage girl that read gay fanfiction and blushed at the slightest intimation of gay activity in the non-fictional world? He thought
John blinked his wide-eyed gaze through the Plexiglas, feeling as though his gaze could rival that of an owls. Momentarily wondering if he looked anything like that disturbing proptosis patient he saw in Afghanistan, he hesitantly strolled closer to the café. So this is what Sherlock had warned him about.
"What's wrong? Cat got your tongue? Sing for me, eh?!" The manic soldier annunciated each sentence with a wince-worthy strike of his blood soaked, leather fist.
"Alright! You know what-" A shrill alarm cut him off and they struggled to cover their ears from the awful sound. "Shit, something's happened!" Carrie screeched over the volume. "Ya think!?" Daryll looked down at her and answered back equally, if not more, loud. "Come on! We need to evacuate the premises!" She yelled back and proceeded to drag him out the door. "But what about the guy?" he asked quieter, now that they were out of the room. For some reason they made the alarm louder in the surveillance room. Fucking sadists. Carrie turned around and said. "If he's smart he'll evacuate too. Now come on lets move!"
Ignoring the alarmed "Sherlock wait!" he slammed the door open and disregarded the sound of the door banging into the wall. A shower of splinters separated Sherlock from them for a moment. That was going to leave another dent. Damn it. "
It wasn't until several more intense questioning and dull reiterations of "If you
He sobers at the thought, sniffling and slides his shivering legs over the edge. His feet dangling four feet above a ground of hard, dehydrated soil now. And punctually times just in time to take a full blown blast to the back, the wind easily leaking through the fabric of his sweater and hoodie. “For g-god’s sake.” Sherlock hisses, freezing up again, his hands numb but arms desperate to salvage any warmth by hunching in on himself. Jeez, if he moves will he crack?
Kevin rolled his eyes and retook the glass, setting it back down with an air of finality. Sherlock raised an eyebrow. "No you don't." He then reached underneath the bar and came back up with a plastic cup of ice. Sherlock hummed. "That's convenient." Kevin ignored him in favor of leaning onto his inked-forearms, officially resigned and joining him on his search.
, through such weather. Any of Sherlock's neighbors were completely out of the question, noting the fact that Sherlock harassed them constantly. Regardless of whether they were confronting him or keeping to themselves. Heaven knows how he'd kept his residency.
Sherlock glowered, nearly at his wits end. Of course there was a catch. There’s always
His preceding dreams to this miniature meltdown where nothing short of alarming. At first, he’d been floating at the sweetly happy little sensation in his chest that usually blossomed and hovered around him all day after his brain decided to reward him for his bright mindset and surroundings in the realm of dreams.
Just because they may harbor an affinity for creamy wool and allow their mothers to kiss their cheeks three times more than strictly necessary before they depart does not excuse such a vital facet. It simply does not.
John pursed his lips in distaste. "You can't expect someone to be that perceptive, regarding their reaction to hearing such a thing at such an un-godly hour." John looked at him with skepticism. "What? Did you expect me to solely recognize the guns type by the sound of its fire?" He asked sarcastically.
He unconsciously reaches up to squeeze the hand on his arm in silent thanks, before catching himself with a frown. But she squeezes right back as he recoils, lowers it, and keeps it there. Holding tight as she leads the ways through shadowed corridors in a brave trek, footsteps and admonished titters quiet in their exciting endeavor to avoid the hall’s windows as the sheer light of stars and streetlights attempt to reveal them to sparse, passing security.
Sherlock regarded him lazily. "I heard you fall out of bed."
. A creeping fear makes him feel far colder than his cotton hoodie should allow, even in the blasted air conditioning the university insists on preserving its students with like raw meat.
"Yes, father Gavin. So when shall I arrive to do everything your forensics team can't for you?" Sherlock asked snidely, nettled at Lestrade's imploring nature.
Carol stood in the second elevator as she held her daughter in her arms. After Carol had assembled the rifle, with gloves on, and left it in room 276 perched on the window she changed her clothes into a puffy coat and leggings she found in a Dora's backpack. It was in the weapons suitcase. Stuffing her clothes and the gloves into the backpack she grabbed her daughter and slid it over her shoulder. On the ride down in the elevator she clutched her daughter close and whimpered in relief.
John shrugged and wringed his fingers, the callouses typical of his preferred sport, must’ve gotten the ball quite often in high-school. But they hadn’t faded, practices with his friends on weekends? Did they join the same university too? “What’s the harm in one more time?”
A hum in agreement. "Yes, 'too'. So I decided to intervene." Sherlock stole a glance at his watch. "We can continue this discussion in the morning, bed rest is vital." He grasped Johns upper arm and guided him from the counter. "Hopefully not in an archaic sense. My head is killing me."
"LIAR!"
“That dastardly butterfly effect.” John blows out a sudden breath, making a quiet ‘whoosh’. “Can’t have that happen again now can we?”
So why? Why did his chest seize like Anderson’s fist at the memory of John’s care in lieu of his initial assault or causation of said care? Was he happy? Was he afraid? He had no reason to be either, did he not? Sherlock peers down at his right hand, idly picking at the pale bandage painted in yellow lamplight soberly wrapped around the wounded appendage with his left thumb and forefinger. There was no… ulterior motive? What could Sherlock possibly gift him for his ‘hospitality’ if that were the case? Perhaps…no…no?
Irene nods grimly. “And my admirers would kill you.”
“Oh, don’t fret. I’m not one to impose.” Jim promptly smoothens with a grin as slick as his hair, the shebang of placating gesticulating with an outstretched palm succeeding only in making far more of a mockery than duly appreciated.
"Yeah, that would be me." He smiled, already feeling easy around her. She seemed like a strong woman, wise yet sweet. A true caretaker, a giver. She reminded him of a mother he never had.
An unimpressed eye-bat. "You wear
"What are you doing?" John asked, looking at his gesturing hand.
And while the slam of the heavy steel door startles the room for a moment, it’s only minutely, before they all recognize a fellow student in a relatable tizzy of his own, and murmur on simultaneously in a rush of resumed white noise as they were all far too busy to stare.
Jim sighs at the pointless evasion and leans against the exit, hand coming up to grip the door knob at a rest. “Damn it, Sherly, I can smell your raging ovaries from here.”
Sherlock keeps up his sprint, feeling a bit like a gazelle, and jumps over a fallen tin garbage can. The paper-thin converse sneakers acting as little more than a sock to cushion the landing, and making his heels ache. No matter, he’d lose the guard in no time at all. Sherlock grinds to a halt, before propelling himself to the right and into a maze of wooden, creaky sheds housing sports equipment. All within five or more feet of each other. Perfect.
had a few blood stains. He must have been a sight to behold.
“No you’re not.” John says after a
"I see. What is it you
Swallowing, John went forward to take shelter from the heavy snowfall under the brown and yellow striped awning. John settled for knocking on the glass. Going inside would be simply life-threatening. A soldier he may be. John had commonsense and entering a war zone and Mrs. Hudson's café were currently two very different things.
Sarah cocked her head confused. "Yeah." She said slowly and peeking up at Moriarty through inky black bangs. "Great! You'll find mommy in the door with the number 276 on it." He pointed at the key for emphasis. He ushered her into the lift and pressed the 12th button. "Bye-bye, Sarah." He waved with a grin. "Bye-bye, Uncle Gavin!"
Smiling warmly she nodded back. "Good, very good."
Sherlock, now looking pleased and leafing through resumes for god knows what, answers him. "The laundry machine."
John blinked away the tears stinging his irate eyes and swallowed in an attempt to rid of the foul taste. Though it proved mostly pointless, he took comfort in the room ceasing its dizzying dance. The pain in his head had calmed to a dull ache now. He could numb it. Exhaustion weighed on his self, leaving him feeling as though his knees were glued to the floor. Wouldn't be the first time. But being him, he used it to his advantage. John forcefully rose, beaten body and psyche wanting nothing more than to curl onto the cool, solid flooring.
"Breaking all your fingers underneath my leather shoes- they're Santoni too!" Moriarty crooned and shuffled his feet towards the mayors demise. "Watching as you scream and cry in pain-ugh-AHHHH-NO-STOP-though it will almost always be in vain." He created a series of suffering sounds during the middle of his verse. Leaning down to the rifles level. "Silly Lestrade, thinking you could stop me-more specifically my bullets velocity-but you failed soooo." He cocked the gun and aimed the scope.  Charles Abramson's pretty little head blissfully unaware of the red dot painting his fore head as he waved excitedly at his fans through the silk red curtain. He finished the verse with pursed lips and one widened eye. "Mister Charles Abe's has gotta go, gotta go." Oh, how he loved the deafening bang rifles made. A shame he'd had to use a suppressor.
John, however, continued observing the scene, feeling as though his head were about to burst all over again. Debating whether or not he should just book it then and there. Who's finger was that? Oh god was he next? Guess he wasn't too far off with the psychopath proposition. He thought in fearful humour.
"As if you'd need me. You've got Sherlock." John lightly knocked his shoulder against Sherlock's still form beside him.
Sherlock pushed the emotion back again. It was a chase, but a slow one. He had to be patient.
so harmless. He should have thought of that; where was the body then?; he'd missed an entire fucking
alone.
telling.
surgery and then through the assistance of one very protective nurse practitioner. But if Lestrade were on the case, John wouldn’t have the heart to send
his fingers pinched before his lips, his thinking pose. No, it made more sense that Sherlock would know precisely how long wound recovery would take and
at least he couldn't wait to have gone. Sherlock glanced into the pub as they passed it,
"John?"
“You need to pee,” he announced finally. John shifted, his waistline uncomfortable against his bladder.
there's a great deal of publicity involved in it lately,' Mycroft replied easily before taking a sip of his drink, his eyes scanning over John's face.
"No, no, I'm perfectly happy to be uninvolved in a marital squabble," she said, backing away.
"I'll take it," he said and Sherlock smiled like he'd lit up his world - taking that to mean the whole life, evidently. John didn't correct him. He'd take
“He never told anyone,” Sherlock murmured.
"We must warn him," John said and Sherlock nodded, though John was sure he once would have used Sholto as bait. They'd do the same now, John guessed; with
something that looked dangerously like amusement and slid over for them on the wide bench.
"Why would I care? All I care about is the work," he said but Donovan smirked at him, looking like she knew some secret about him. Proud and stupidly
John stared at the back of the seat in front of him, anger churning in his stomach. He had two recovering dislocated shoulders, three severely pulled
"In my opinion, yes," Sherlock answered meaninglessly. "Have a seat," he said. He was supposed to be an idiot fighting for control.
"Threatening me will do you no good. You don't think I have a …contingency plan?"
"-You -attract -me," John replied, expecting to watch Sherlock's face do something miserable. Instead –
stumped by something so simple, due to pathetic self-induced blindness onset by his not even considering the option that given enough time he could make
"Not since he came for the postmortems, why?" she asked, sounding concerned.
he added, desperate enough to spell it out for the daft woman. At least she knew him and she knew men. And she answered her phone.
this.
infection, lung damage, two dislocated shoulder joints and nine days of torture couldn't keep John Watson captive, the need for post-op care certainly
Hell, John was tired. They'd been drinking for hours. Sherlock rubbed a hand down his face, evidently feeling the same thing.
Sherlock whirled around, his pale eyes burning.
Sally stood in the parking garage, watching Greg go home. She knew why she felt guilty, now. Sherlock didn't look like a psychopath anymore. He’d paced
"Okay, allowed to scream, outskirts of London or rural basement somewhere. The building looked large, that concrete wall was thick enough for the fish eye
No, they'd stashed or brought in the diversion bag. The question now was if any of that would lead him to where they'd gone
not. The man was just still, his eyes darting about the photograph for clues.
sign.
was scraped where the single chair had dragged, back and forth from its cramped place between the tiny table and the wall, where no right-handed man would
would never forgive him if he just walked away from her.
wall.
"We'll take the case," he pronounced, standing. John nodded and followed suit, moving to get his coat, even if it was three weeks into March.
inspecting him.
He was trying not to think about what would happen when they finished carving his name on John's back. Did they only have three more days, then? Sentiment
"Oi!" John shouted, smacking his hand against the handle bar sharply. The dogs stopped pulling, their ears tipped back to listen to him. "Woah," he
~~/~~
"Crows?" Sherlock asked quickly and John clarified.
He preferred it in almost every sense; the heat, the smell, the muscle, every way except for the career consequences in the British Army. He'd never been
him for who he was, though Sally still couldn't figure out why John had wanted to spend so much time with the
“Sorry?”
Finally, when Sherlock had collected every bit of silverware they owned on his side of the table and they were both quite a bit too drunk to wield any of
fooled. He refitted the Union flag pillow at his back, happy to have his place restored.
"I know you, don't I?" he asked, squinting.
What am I supposed to do with this, Sherlock? He left it on the counter beside the bin.
Sherlock scowled.
“Thank you. I’ll log that away,” John snarked, unwrapping his bandages and listening to the tub fill.
him. He pushed his hands into his hair, shame overwhelming him.
He'd crawl, John determined, glad he'd not overestimated himself and tried to escape on foot. He got to the partition, feeling scabs split open all the way
to touch and the way Sherlock always seemed to question friendships long after they were established. He pictured a grand stone estate, a fully renovated
"-Sleep, -don't need," John promised. Sherlock's face lit up, a smile twitching at his mouth. He leaned down and John grinned, kissing him again, stepping
Irrelevant. Sherlock tried to push the idea aside. There was a more troubling question to consider. What would he do now that they both lived?
checking out the microwave. A couple strangers in sanitary gloves were going through their dishes.
"Not one of my interests, no," he said, glancing out of the window next to him. The day had passed quickly, and it was already dark. John would wake up to
"Mycroft has been looking for this opportunity for a long time. He'll be a very proud big brother," Magnussen added. A damned observant man, to have cut to
"You knew about that?" he asked and Sherlock shrugged.
the fox pelt into cuffs for Sherlock's coat and put his flesh scraping tools away.
first.”
"No, you've already done it. Don't solve the murder. Save the life. They didn't kill anyone you knew in that hospital or we'd have heard of it. Ergo, it
" he hissed. "Come on, John!"
"It's not popular to be bisexual or curious in army fatigues," John mentioned. "I wasn't going to let that become public unless there was something to
The paparazzi were waiting for him outside. John had barely gotten the door to 221 Baker Street cracked open before the cameras started flashing. John
Sherlock’s eyes sparkled.
"Well, apparently we're done," Mike said, suddenly shutting off the torch. "We're supposed to build up to it all, some today, more tomorrow, et cetera," he
there again, then?" she asked, her happy tone failing for a moment.
dead, he'd do it only to watch his partner die. His lover. Christ.
bathroom. Rag showers were still all he could manage and he couldn't afford a shave yet. He'd spent that money on the walkman.
~~//~~
Sherlock Holmes. He could still feel the animal grease between his thighs.
He walked inside to see a laptop flying across the room to smash into the smiley face still painted onto the wallpaper. John winced, watching the computer
John thought, staring at the man.
It was remarkably odd to see a common Brewers Fayre hamburger in his hand in the middle of hell.
“Don't wanna use mine; always a chance that my number will be recognized,” James explained. “It's on the website.”
finished speaking, knowing there weren't two '17 Cottonfield Way's in London.
Sherlock was here to fetch him back.
his room to change. No doubt when he'd got back he'd have to go back to signing – which meant he'd better figure out the difference between 'live' and
Sherlock deleted his text.
should do about John Watson's erections," she added and Sherlock closed his eyes. Pathetic. He opened his eyes to see Donovan gulping down the last of her
"Food isn't an 'interest' to most people. It's taste buds. Tastes good or bad; it's not like a hobby," she said.
tickle his nose. No doubt Sherlock would know how long he’d been spending on the couch, as well. Their bed was cold and John could not use Sherlock’s.
“I'm here to see Detective Inspector Lestrade,” Moriarty announced formally.
That would confirm it. If they got anything relevant off the phone, it had to be Moriarty. Sherlock felt his heart beating wildly, and forced it to slow
John Watson would think less of, even if John never thought of him again.
"Me?" she asked, sounding scandalized.
definitely the best thing on earth.
"Why did Susan-" Sherlock started.
Garden Paradise was a small place with comfortable booths and far too slow service but they let them run out on their bill as long as they paid in cash
The kitchen looked as bare as he’d expected, apart from a pair of salt shakers in the open shelves and the toaster. John didn’t know if the plates were
horrible.
"-Here. -sign -L-O-N-D-O-N '-London'. -I-R-O-N-I-C, 'that -word -A-S-L, -find -more -easy," Sherlock taught. John nodded quickly, hoping he'd actually
Seven seconds in, ten out. Nothing else. John felt his mouth fill up with spit and tried to swallow. He choked and his eyes flew open again as he coughed,
"No, thank you," he answered, deciding not to flash the damaged plastic around his hands any more than he had to.
"-No," he answered Sherlock, shaking his head. "-You -don't want -touch -me, -don't touch -me."
"Do you want to go somewhere?"
John’s hand grasped the counter and he stared at fine marble, contents of his stomach beginning to feel unsettled. Was he..was he rooming with a serial killer and his deranged landlady? How had this happened? He thought the finger was fake! Sherlock had to be kidding! Even though Sherlock looked as though he couldn’t laugh if he were held at gunpoint…well, until earlier.
“All right, all right that is quite enough.” Sherlock pushes the tops of Jim’s knees where they barricade either side of him, lightly taking him off what little balance he had maintained on the balls of his feet as he lands on his butt. What was it with psychopaths and his hair, honestly?
John leaned into the chair and rested his arms on the rests. "You're a dealer." That elicited a chuckle from Sherlock.
Oh for god’s sake. “Control your raging ovaries for the time being, would you? If I don’t find a way to get back to the men’s ward before six I’ll be counting brother’s back flabs while he defends my supposed play-boy deviance
"The hotel then?" Lestrade looked pleased through his exhaustion.
"Stereotyping. The world is such a cliché." Elaborated Sherlock.  John snorted beside him.
There was a surprised silence. Sherlock laughed a little under his breath, sounding impressed and turned to Lestrade. His posture screamed 'I don't make friends but when I do *insert excited gesturing*'. Lestrade and the others were still eyeing John with odd expressions. "So we've got our range of one eighty, let's do the maths shall we?"
John could see his shit-eating grin drip red from here. "She tasted divine."
John groaned quietly at himself and kicked a piece of door. He had never excelled at apologies.
Mrs. Hudson hummed and picked up a dented can of soup. "I'm afraid it's already too late for that, dear." She beckoned him over to the counter, tapping a leather barstool that had seen better days.
what he needs to do.
John blinks again, feeling his eyes clear of the dead cells somewhat, his head still tranquil and heavy. Making him never want to move, just stay there until the blissful sluggishness ceased into a bright impetus of motivation. The second thing he registers are two keen eyes, shaded the subtlest of pastels and blue in ice. The light irises muted and relaxed in appearance, in effect of half-shut lids.  Sherlock is staring at him. His head tilted into the U of John’s travel pillow, bangs a whirl of inky disarray artfully swept over his forehead as he peers through them at John, his arms shyly curled in on himself.
Though being labeled as unable to tell his forehead from his diencephalon was remarkably rude. “Pardon my untimely interruption, but where the hell have you derived this fanciful notion of this swooning-maiden apropos applying to me?” Sherlock’s eyes feel dry, probably due to the fact Jim has taken on a similar speaking pattern to a jet engine or from his own intrinsic habit of jolting awake after going in REM for four to six hours is acting up. Sherlock scrubs his eyes roughly and grimaces at Jim’s face in distaste.
John had been raised to respect the opposite sex his entire life, men being made out as brutes, and hell, even monsters. He was rather nettled at the fact he'd been so easily influenced throughout. It wasn't too uncanny minding the brutes he dealt with on a weekly basis. But god, what was he thinking? Attacking Sherlock like that, sure what he said was horrible but that was no excuse. Sherlock was nothing like those ogres. And the woman had surely been...unpleasant.
"Stereotyping. The world is such a cliché." Elaborated Sherlock.  John snorted beside him.
“What the—Oi! No running in the HALLWAY, DUMBASSES!”
in the hoodie half the time—and holds out a hand. Knowing Sherlock could see the offered appendage from the shadow of it casted over the floor he seemed so riveted by. “That’s not a
"Where's the bullet?" John heard Greg quietly startle at the question.
he intoned for a moment with an eagle gesture before sliding to the side and continuing. "-see it in my dreams do you know what? Do you know what?" He sang/spoke quickly. "Walking along all of your broken body parts." He imitated walking warily over them, holding his invisible skirt in the air as he stared downwards with a fearful expression, and walked closer to the rifle.
Sarah smiled shyly. "Seven and a half." Moriarty's face went dumbfounded.
“John.”
"How much did you see?" John asked as he fixed his mildly blurry gaze on Sherlock's pale one.
Sherlock seemed a little shocked, more of a dulled reaction though. Like a 'courageous' teen excitedly clicking a rumored and rather disturbing video on YouTube, then remaining still for a good few minutes afterwards, suddenly afraid to cross the room to turn their lamp light on.
John hurried his pace and came to a stand beside the tall figure, slightly blocking Sherlock from the male's reach. The man backed away a bit and narrowed his eyes at John.
"He makes excuses and sleeps on the couch. Ergo, he wants to stay," Sherlock summarized. Donovan nodded slowly and sipped at her beer.
“Uh, here, use mine,” John offered, pulling his phone from his jacket pocket. Moriarty looked up from his glass beakers to watch him for a moment, not looking particularly surprised at the offer.
“Sorry, Mrs. Hudson, I'll skip the tea, off out,” John called out as he descended.
He crunched across the broken mugs and scattered books and lay down on the couch without a word. Sherlock noticed it, he could see that from the tiny way
"-You -must -try -also. -Dinner, -you -read -lips," John ordered before moving to fetch his coat. Sherlock looked confused again.
"I'll challenge him then. Tell him he has something I want and I know something he needs to hide. His Modus Operandi; he won't be able to resist showing me
John followed him.
countenance hidden from the man. Sherlock scooped water over his short hair and the droplets ran down his back, tickling at his healing skin.
realized.
– white man - in their town.
John shrugged.
There was a package in front of his apartment building when he got home. John slowed his steps approaching it, his mind racing. He was inclined to call the
John struggled awake, throwing the restraining blankets off himself by his feet and pulling at his slings as he gasped for breath. That was it. He wasn't
chance.
John waited a moment – likely processing, and nodded his agreement.
John.
"I'm not your bloody housekeeper," Greg joked, moving to obey. John watched the two of them, his adrenaline starting to drain. He tipped his head back on
"Clearly. The bottles in the refrigerator – for the parents to feed the child overnight. There was no breast pump in the house – clearly not the mother's
"Should I turn?" Sherlock asked. John nodded, wrapping his hands around the trigger and chamber of the shotgun to warm them. Sherlock obeyed, moving as he
"Yes, of course. It's very hard to find a pressure point on you, Mr. Holmes. The drugs thing I never believed for a moment. Anyway, you wouldn't care if
"Thank you for your time," John replied.
mugs.
“Sorry, it's in my coat,” Mike replied. He walked around the lab table to stand across from the executioner, not looking concerned in the least. And Mike had never been a brave man. He didn't know. But at least he'd handed John a decent chance of reading one of the consulting criminal's texts.
"Who?" Sherlock interrupted. Molly blinked. He'd broken some social rule. Irrelevant. She was standing on the same side of the work table as Lestrade; he
"I'm not going out for less than an eight again. We agreed," Sherlock announced, stepping inside the cab. John followed and pulled the door shut as
John felt like the world was giving out beneath his feet. He watched the man settle his arm into an aircast. His partner. John wanted to spit at the word.
“We’ll discuss it later, Mrs. Hudson,” Sherlock ordered and stepped forward to unlock the living room door.
"Molly's got them," Greg said finally.
pay him any mind. He turned back finally, noting John's absence, and stared back behind him, his blue eyes penetrating the darkness. John followed
How do I fix this, John?
Likely irrelevant – and still more data that the Inspector simply
also... vaguely disconcerting. Also...John smacked Sherlock's shoulder to get his attention.
"So, just like that, total loss of hearing?" Anderson scoffed out, sounding vaguely like he didn't believe the story, "and then he gets out of the hospital
moved to leave. Lestrade was certainly going to return to Scotland Yard to assemble a team and Sherlock needed to find a way to eavesdrop.
and yet they flooded him at the thought of John looking at
"Oh god no," he mumbled against Sherlock's coat. It was warm, and he didn't give a shite. This was probably the most sleep he was going to get all night.
"-No," Sherlock replied, pinching his fingers.
"John, it's not -" he started, but then he was sitting back in his seat, all smiles for the woman walking toward him. John wanted to bodily toss her from
eyes. "You told him," he said, resigned. Mycroft rolled down the window from his place in the back seat.
cold air.
and suddenly die. The taxi pulled back into the street and drove straight past him.
Mike laughed easily.
John grabbed a newspaper from the pile next to where his chair was supposed to be and settled on the couch, knowing it'd be easier to turn the pages
he berated himself.
"Maybe if you don't know what to say ... You should listen?" she suggested, moving to put Limon's body away.
He didn't expect to find it, left undeleted for the world to see.
"Not if this investigation lasts for another week," she replied. Sherlock glanced up, catching her meaning. -L.O.C.K. H.O.L.M.E.S.
But they weren't going to get any closer. Sherlock didn't talk about his personal life. He didn't talk about his childhood, his sexuality, his past
hear it.
“You can always tell a good Chinese by the handle,” John agreed, turning to lead the way to Golden Palace.
He wasn’t going to get over this. John pulled himself to his feet, his stiff knee buckling beneath him and locking painfully. He stumbled his way to the
the American?
He woke up with a crick in his neck and a very awake Sherlock pacing around the room with his violin in his hand, looking bored.
"Rules. Which have changed? Are my bacteria-injected eggs unacceptable now? Does my violin, the days without talking bother you now? Do I have to touch you
John felt his eyebrows furrow, remembering Sherlock standing at the door frame, uncertain how to start anything - only to be so eager to touch him anywhere
"Mike, yeah, his brother, Mike? They're always fighting," Janine explained, sounding like she thought he was rather daft. Not that surprising, given that
John sucked at his teeth and ignored the jibe.
looked confused. “Or most of one,” John amended. Sherlock H. “Perhaps I should be grateful not to be Sherlock Ho,” he added. He definitely would have died
still soft, and she smiled slightly, almost a smirk but one of those that are somehow universally understood as 'nice'. So she thought she understood him,
John cleared his throat.
He'd actually managed to hurt him with that. Sherlock didn't quite understand it. Still, the evidence of it was all there: the short, about two second
could write it down. Yet that fact felt oddly irrelevant. What
Sherlock winced and desperation licked at him.
"What?" she asked and he spoke louder.
Irrelevant, but still Sherlock wanted to think about it. He forced his mind back to the subject at hand. John could be dead.
John had barely cracked open the door before the cameras were flashing off in his face and the paparazzi started screaming. Magnussen, of course, he
He couldn’t keep doing this forever. John didn’t know how anyone could stand it, living a life so entirely without purpose.
Sherlock walked with him and John struggled not to brush him off. His pride churned in his stomach, worsening when Sherlock left him sitting on the toilet,
But the tub filled and threatened to overflow. John watched it, hating Mike and the ridiculous PTSD nine days had given him. Fucking unbelievable. How long
"We?" Sherlock asked. Mycroft raised his eyebrows as if disappointed that Sherlock hadn't guessed. John glared at the man. He had better things to discuss with Sherlock. Mycroft met his gaze, looking just as surprised at him. For once, John thought he understood the
Was he sure?
even for jumping off a hospital, that medical team had arrived too fast, like they'd been waiting for it. It just didn't
about what would happen if John just said 'we tell Mycroft'.
conversation.
"-So -money," John deduced. Sherlock nodded.
"Not formula?" John repeated and Sherlock flushed deeper, scowling at the ceiling as if it had personally offended him.
He wasn't going to live through this one.
"Do we own that?" Sherlock asked and it was John's turn to blink in surprise. 'We'?
"I'll let myself out," she answered. John nodded and pushed his weight into his arm again, closing his eyes and waiting for the sound of the door to mark
snarled. Sherlock bristled, drawing himself to his full height, to keep John away from him.
John pushed forward again, toward the street and the press followed them. Still, Sherlock was with him. John pressed forward again. This was getting
Sherlock didn't regret it; he could watch
staring at him, looking shocked.
"-I -only -recent -start -I," he corrected. John blinked.
"That is not your right," John stated, like an order, his face flickering in the lamp light.
was still glad to be deaf at the moment if it let him miss out on Mycroft's mannerisms.
laughing again.
"We found the shooting site - just inside London University's campus. But there's no motive. Nor do we know how many people did this," he reported.
He was going to manage
something resembling military attention. Annoyed, his mind supplied immediately. He'd determined that move's meaning over the first week he'd known the man
"We'll need oatmeal. I ran out after ice fishing," John commented. Sherlock glanced at the meat on the end of his fork.
Sherlock chuckled, though what at John couldn't determine.
they were having this conversation again. Sherlock flopped back on the couch, apparently just as bored by it. John waited, wondering what more he was
now. He couldn't be more
John could guess most of what he saw. Cracked open doors, open windows, peering faces around corners, a thousand other signs of a village peering at the scrawny
for his forensic mortician to go back inside. John started to move away but Greg stopped him with a hand.
aberration in his life of rational thinking. He'd be better off this way, undistracted, when he took on his next project. The best way to ensure perfect
relationship so badly it’d felt like a missing limb, when he was mourning. Sherlock settled back onto the couch, returning to his intense pondering without
"Another hour," the guard replied. John blew out a breath, knowing what that meant. Waiting in more of their damned endless silence.
marriage with Sylvia Moran, formally Sylvia Taylor. History of alcoholism, according to Sylvia Moran. No children, no known employment, no known address.
"Oh. Do you two need a moment?" he asked and Sherlock glanced at John, clearly asking
John watched him, trying to hide his fury. He could see why people cowered before him, gave him all they had in supplication in the face of such threats.
“You're a doctor. In fact you're an Army doctor,” he prompted, a bit out of breath.
question. The doorhandle turned and John focused on releasing his grip on the chairleg he'd ripped off for a weapon. He'd owe Mrs. Hudson for that. He
understood of that and headed upstairs.
skipping work.
"You gotta go. No one's allowed here," the man tried again. John cleared his throat, trying to restrain himself. He wanted to rip the man's arms off. For
slid away from Lestrade and his eyes darted around the river bank. He said something that looked like 'uh' but couldn't be confirmed – too many options;
"Don't we?" he asked and John shook his head.
John ran his hands over his face. Steady hands, finally, for maybe the first time since he'd woken up in hospital.
arguments? John wished he knew. He certainly didn't remember Sherlock ever appearing to listen to him, but then he'd never stayed long enough to find out.
John finished the skin in the shockingly cold night where the ice fell off the window in a solid sheet and shattered over the floor. Sherlock watched the thick clouds roll toward them throughout the night, but did not mention it. John spent the morning loosening the dogs' chains, feeding them double, and rubbing at their faces and testicles to ease the snow burn, but did not harness them. Clearly he knew what was coming. Sherlock noted the extra meter of slack John had granted the dogs. To keep them from drowning in the building snowbanks around them, he guessed, deciding to calculate how accurate John's snow estimates had been.
about England but he wasn't inside their heads the way Moriarty had been.
to him. Horrible.
now?"
"Mmm..no," John replied warmly and Sherlock's eyebrows lifted in surprise.
back, and pulled himself into his car.
"Hold the phone, you're alive," Lestrade said, apparently done gaping at him, but his color was still off. Too pale.
“No, Ma’am, we are only friends,” Greg responded finally and Harry started making noise again.
was beating excitedly but that was common for him when he got drunk.
Well, then. John leaned against the wall behind him and settled in to wait. His screen lit up again.
newspapers, twitter and wherever else. You'll have lost anyway. So here are your choices: put your hands in the air or I'll shoot you."
Sherlock had gotten showered and dressed, he realized, finally noticing his normal slacks and buttoned shirt. Sherlock’s hair was dry now - he’d been back
he ordered. His phone buzzed almost immediately. Donovan was likely waiting in public transit or lonely at home. Perfect. Sherlock held his phone in front
again. Sherlock watched them in the reflection, his face blank, his gaze as measuring as ever. It was only when John stopped talking, his throat sore and
Sherlock leaned forward in his seat, his expression sobering.
front of them.
in here,” Lestrade complained.
The crime scene set up looked far, far too familiar.
them before. The smell of alcohol-based cleaning products, cheap detergent, stale air and flowers was only redundant, he already knew for sure. He was in
"Sponge bath?" John suggested, deciding to deal with the fact that he couldn't face down a flooded bathtub later - preferably when he was alone and not
"How can you discard an option before you've even acknowledged it?" Sherlock asked, blinking at the scrawled note. John shrugged slightly and clicked his
and it'd yet to be wrong. "I left a stickie," Sherlock defended.
Sherlock sat down on the couch, his fingers pitched before his mouth, posed like he was moments from solving a case. John and Mrs. Hudson watched him,
Watson had all the privacy anyone could hope for, but that red toolbox was gone.
were Sherlock's sphere.
disrupt them even with the windows sealed up.
The envelope's address was typed in a classic font; no information there.
Sherlock wakes up with a groan, and his face smushed into a rather voluptuous pillow, and promptly snuggles closer. Set on staying here for the rest of his life. If only that incessant singing would cease.
you. Nobody wants assisted murder on their record, now do they?" Almost immediately, her face took on a sweet appearance, as if she hadn't just compared a mans life to her red heel. Looking down at them, he had to admit. They were pretty great shoes. "Let him through.
“Stalking?” John prompts, seeming amused at his rhetorical act. What the—
Two voices join Mike’s initial soliloquy, morphing into an unabating trilogy, mercilessly heedless of their captain’s blatant turmoil as he hunches over his knees on the damp bench in the field’s locker room. John had attempted to tie his laces, once, but ultimately decided to remain in his crestfallen position in hopes of quelling the gnawing cocktail of guilty anxiety that churned his stomach and made it so easy to think. A feeble groan of despair bleeds past his grimace as he keeps his head bowed.
"No, I would have alerted the authorities immediately." He drawled in a 'did you switch your brains for marbles' tone. John ignored it, he was getting good at that, Sherlock noted. "Then why haven't you?" John met his gaze.
“Sure.” Answers Sherlock, duly and halfway invested in sorting through his paraphernalia after he received John’s tentative oath.
And before John knew it, he was laughing too.
What? John gives an aborted indignant huff, that immediately trails off to a small laugh.  “Not that I’m aware, unless you’re bashing mental retardation.”
‘BANG!’
Sherlock sighed, he'd ask to be hit again.
John’s eyes widen fractionally, sucking in a sharp breath before he begins to choke. No worries, though, as he subsequently gathers himself with a few sound thumps to his sternum and rather vicious
The skeletal man crawled out of the car and damn near towered over him, unblinking stare effortlessly pinning John in place. John didn't know whether to be thankful for sending Mike back or to damn him to hell in every language he knew.
Sent: Yes.
He reminded himself, because he could've sworn he could hear his own voice echo off the bathroom walls.
A muted clatter of books held in a polyester book-bag to his right shatter his much-needed stupor. Another, louder thump completing the segue as someone lands far too casually beside him. Oh, that must have hurt terribly on these unforgiving seats, he thinks unconsciously as he hunches over his desk a little more upon the disruption, purely startled is all.
Sherlock seems no less inviting though. And that quells John’s conditioned hesitance conjured from the memory long enough to note the due dilation from the shade created by his left palm. Then removes it to allow the abrupt glare of yellow street light to flood Sherlock’s visual senses. Sherlock takes the opiate assault in silence. John’s sigh of relief being the only sound to break the dank atmosphere as he sits back on his heels to assess the creature curled in a small crouch of compact, lanky limbs.
"No, nothing, sorry for the disturbance, by any chance have you seen a brown and black jumper? Around ye long and ye wide?" He gestured the size sharply, his voice tense and leg bouncing nervously.
...hold on a shitting second. "What do you mean I wouldn't be the first one?"
“To see a man about a—“ Sherlock shuts his mouth with a small click, cutting himself off mid-seventh vowel. Oh dear.
“They are, they’re even given their own dorms.”
"They'll be here. Why don't you take a seat?" John suggested distractedly.
. Sherlock looks on with a progressively rising eyebrow, sliding his half-empty water bottle over to the hacking boy with the tips of his fingers. The motion is slightly hindered by a small sea of crackling bitcoin paraphernalia deep enough to be worthy of a proud, chartist tear.
And then John bit him.
Sherlock remained waiting, but sliced into the false appendage with a tad more force. Huh, eccentric fellow he was. "Was I not allowed to leave before?" He questioned if only to clear this dank atmosphere.
A hooded figure entered through the lobby holding a large black case, about two feet in diameter. They were dressed in a black zip up hoodie and dark wash jeans. Observing the lobby with hooded eyes, steps long and determined. At first glance the boyish figure would appear to be an outcast, possibly a teenager going through some unfortunate phase. But upon closer inspection, you would take notice of the hidden feminine contours and aged face. Today, the hotel lobby was bustling with people, all filling the air with excited chatter aboutthe ceremony taking place in an hour or so. Perfect.
