"So I have to sit quietly in the room because you want it! I can't talk to some people because you don't want it! I can't move my finger or say something aloud because it will mess you up with your plans! Mycroft ... Why are you like this? I don't understand your mood swings, I don't know why you get angry with me for a reason," John said with resignation. He ruffled his hair and looked at Mycroft.
This time the visit of the elder Holmes was strange. Mycroft never appeared on Baker Street at such a late hour. What's more, his face was ... strange. He sat in his brother's chair and watched John with slight nervousness.
"For God's sake, John ..." Mycroft sighed and closed his eyes in resignation. "Why did you... And this message ... are you aware of who you were told to bugger off?" he asked a little calmer.
If you were so kind and checked it (this is the summary of "Bloody Ring") - https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/CB93HPD
"Enough of this, Mycroft. We have a large bed. Don't act like a princess. Put away your ridiculous pride and let's go to sleep."
John felt his fingers were numb and cold. Stress gave way to adrenaline and a strange euphoria that took control of his body in dangerous situations. He stood up like the rest of his group and approached the rear of the shaking military helicopter. The sound of propellers, the noise of engines, and loud orders given by the commanding soldier reminded him of the days spent in Afghanistan. About missions and danger. Everything was the same. Everything but one. At the moment he was surrounded by laymen, rather than veterans, for whom the jump from the machine hanging above the ground was a trivial matter. It was dark, but he turned to look at their terrified faces. Lucy and Josh were adjusting their backpacks, trying to focus on something other than what was waiting outside. Arian was chewing something and scratching his shoulder, and Sebastian ... as always, did not take his eyes off him. He stood close. Through thick layers of clothing, John could feel his warmth on his back. However, it wasn't Moran who was his biggest concern. It was Sherlock. He was standing a few feet away. His proud attitude and calm breathing, however, could not deceive John. He knew his friend too well and knew that in this way he masked his uncertainty and stress. He couldn't read his face, because his glasses and mask stretched almost to the very base of his nose prevented him from doing so. Anyway, the darkness and uncontrolled movements of the machine prevented him from looking closely at anyone.
Meanwhile, John still felt someone's gaze. He was walking with a friend among the crowd, but it did nothing. Sherlock probably forgot about the stalker or was accustomed to thinking that they would not get rid of him or her until they returned to the hotel. So John decided not to worry about that either. He walked slowly across the crowded square when he suddenly spotted a small flower shop standing by the main pedestrian street. He thought that a small bouquet would be a good gift for Francesca and a nice gesture for her help and care. He didn't even have to persuade Sherlock to accompany him. They left Molly at one of the souvenir stalls, - which turned out to be a good idea because the saleswoman was from Wales and was very helpful - and went towards the flower shop.
"Don't imagine too much, Molly. Thinking about my brother can only hurt you, and it certainly won't do anything good ..." Sherlock muttered in his low voice, putting the phone in his pocket and gently taking the menu from the girl's hand.
Mycroft heard Aaron's voice behind his back but did not turn toward him. "You can ask him. Although I doubt, he'll agree".
John and Sherlock disappeared into the crowd. Genius was certain, they managed to lose Stoner's people. He saw them pushed out of the crowd to the very edge of the concourse. "Perfect, John," he said with a smile. "Now let's go inside," he added and pulled his friend inside the hotel in front of which the whole row was taking place.
John had no idea how long they stood in this position, but the situation was starting to get really uncomfortable. Mycroft didn't look like he was going to do anything at all. He just stood there and tried to wait out this difficult moment for both of them.
A soft screech and crack filled the office. For a moment he wondered what had prompted Holmes to leave the room, and why he had checked the time so often. Did he want to meet someone? Or maybe he was planning to check something and had limited time to do it? Whatever it was, he knew it had to be quite important.
Before he answered, John grabbed a pile of branches, which he dropped during Sebastian's attack. "Exactly. Ten years ... And you still don't understand anything."
"What ?! Are you putting me in the position of an evil brother now?" Sherlock couldn't believe Mycroft dared to speak to him that way.
"I don't want to go into details," Mycroft immediately set the limit, cutting off John's hopes. "Besides, I promised him to remain silent and not interfere in your life for the next few days. You have to endure his moods for some time, and then you will do whatever you want."
"The hell..." The whole group looked at Arian standing on the chipped rock. He stood with his arms outstretched. "You fucked me up, Josh ... Any idea how to get me down now?" he asked, looking at the distance between him and the others. As if he were assessing whether the jump from the current place would end with a broken leg for him.
John was pleased to change the subject of the conversation. "It's hard for me to choose. I wonder what could be useful to us, but each thing seems more important than the other."
Oh, how he wanted it to be true. He would let him touch him like that. He would relish the shameless caresses and bonds so forbidden in their society. Feelings of fear, pain and shock would give way to the lust that arose in his heart the first time he saw the detective. He wanted his touch. He wanted to know the taste of his skin. He imagined the warmth of his shoulders. He finally dared to admit what his heart had screamed from the first moment they met. But why did he decide to do it at a time like this? Now, as he stood pressed against the cold wall in a dark alley, with a dead woman lying beside his feet...
The hum in his head drowned out his pounding heart. He forgot the sour smell of the damp room and relished Holmes' herbal perfumes. Blood rushed not only to his face. He felt it pulsate under the skin of his mouth and the tips of his fingers. He studied the detective with his eyes, waiting for his next move. The prolonged silence and the lack of any movement tore the last knots of his self-control. When Holmes's mouth, parted enough to reveal gleaming teeth... he could not hold back any longer. He reached forward and pulled the detective's face down. Their lips pressed tightly together in a wild kiss. They clashed, fought for the tiniest inch of skin. They crushed every obstacle with force. There was so much force and roughness in their movements that he did not care about the sounds he would have been ashamed of under other circumstances. He grabbed the detective's soft hair, trying to catch his breath while continuing to kiss him. It was extremely difficult. The detective pressed him against the wall with all his weight, one hand holding his neck. It took them a long time to work out a common rhythm. His lips were crushing Holmes's lower lip and he let him nibble on his. He trembled as the hot breath washed over his face. It was a real pleasure to listen to the quiet moans of the detective, who proved his desire more and more bluntly.
"Don't worry about it, doctor. Order what you want under Mr. Holmes' name," Anthea said. She was just getting ready to leave. She finished the rest of the coffee and - still not looking at the men - silently pushed back the chair, which was quite a feat because the curve and uneven stone floor almost asked for someone's attention.
"I didn't have time to talk to someone at the party yesterday," he said from behind the open wardrobe. He was choosing a tie. "I think you remember why." His face with a small smile appeared from behind the wardrobe. He grew serious immediately when he saw John undressing. "What are you doing?".
In the distance, at the end of the street, he could see a light. This lantern was his stop. He knew that if he was lucky he would meet an officer there, and a friendly conversation would certainly cheer him up for the last half hour of his patrol. He walked towards the lantern with a calmer pace and a lighter heart. The dark shapes of the buildings and the silence did not seem as terrifying to him as it had been a moment before. He was passing the gate to Dutfield's Yard when he heard a splash. The sound was completely out of place, which immediately caught his attention. He stopped and looked down. There was a strange black puddle of irregular shape on the sidewalk. He frowned and lifted his leg. Black liquid dripped from the sole of his shoe onto the pavement. He followed the thin trickle of liquid that led to the inside of the gate. He couldn't hold back his curiosity. He raised the lantern in front of him and took a few steps inside the dark passage. The line of liquid widened. Eventually, it turned into a huge puddle. There was something on the ground ... a woman.
The helicopter hung in the air. The soldier pulled the rope, looked outside, and nodded that their journey together was over and their fate was now in their own hands. Sebastian came to the rope first as the group commander. He passed John, brushing his body. He pointed at something, but John didn't care. He was worried about Sherlock the most because they might have practiced climbing and sliding the rope many times, but he was worried about how he would handle this task in complete darkness. Sebastian grabbed the rope and disappeared into the dark. Arian was next. He looked outside, cursed loudly, and slid down. Now John approached the soldier and the rope. Darkness and a strong wind stressed him, but he still sincerely hoped that the helicopter was no more than thirty feet above the ground and that his landing would not have a catastrophic effect. He grabbed the rope between his hands, clenched his fingers, and jumped into the dark of the night. He tried to see the ground at all costs, but he couldn't do it. When he was halfway to the ground an uncontrolled blow of wind, or maybe it was a helicopter's shake, made him loosen his grip and lost control for a split second. He would have fallen on the stony ground and he would have broken his leg, were it not for the strong arms he felt around his waist. Sebastian, seeing his problems, released the rope and helped him land safely. It took a moment, but John thought about the time they were together. When with the same strong arms ... He had to pull back because Lucy was already coming down. She landed on the ground and ran after Arian, who had long ago disappeared somewhere in the dark. Sherlock was next. He emerged from the helicopter and hung in the air. John watched his efforts. Fortunately, he did better than he did. In a few seconds, he stood on the ground and raised his head. John thought he was saying something, but the noise of the wind and the noise of the helicopter effectively drowned out his words. John knew that he should have followed Arian and Lucy to the nearest rock long ago. Sebastian, who pushed the genius, was thinking the same thing because there was another person from their group in the helicopter, and they were still at the landing place. Sherlock staggered, fell forward, and would lose his balance completely if it had not been for John's strong embrace, who grabbed him and without a word started running forward.
John covered the door with his body, crossing his arms. He managed to keep still when the older genius approached him and put his hand on the doorknob. Their eyes met for a long time. They stared at each other for several seconds without speaking.
"What with this negative attitude, Sherlock? Of course, we can handle it. In the end, I'll be there to do things right." He gave him a wide smile and took a step back. He was pleased with the effect of his words. He saw a genuine smile and amusement on his friend's face. He was grateful for the gift of ironic commenting on reality, which in these situations was most useful to him. He saw the way Sherlock reacted every time he managed to make a sarcastic comment that he appreciated his company for that.
"Too much wine, Mycroft?" John asked provocatively but with amusement. He didn't understand the strange tenderness of the other man, although he liked it very much. Mycroft buried his face in John's neck.
He closed his eyes as he listened to his footsteps on the stairs, then the soft click of the door. Once they were alone, he finally looked up at his friend.
Mycroft looked around the living room. It looked very similar to the living room in their apartment, but the colors were different. The blue curtains and chair covers matched the character of his younger brother. But a large number of flowers indicated that the service wanted to make someone else's stay more pleasant. He glanced toward the luggage out of curiosity as he approached his brother.
"I don't have a key," he said suddenly as they stood at the doorstep. He remembered giving it to Mycroft when they went to the party. He sighed and put his hand on the door handle.
John rarely had the opportunity to see him in this condition, so he looked at the thirsty genius with undisguised interest and a little amusement. After all, Mycroft was not only a connoisseur of wine, but he was also very knowledgeable about other stronger alcohols. At the moment, he was far from staggering or babbling. Despite this, his red cheeks, slightly shiny eyes and slow-motion seemed to the doctor not only funny but even charming. John sat across Mycroft and crossed his legs.
He was sitting in a comfortable chair now. It was a paradise for his aching feet and spine. The silence around him and the dim light in the room helped him forget about the surroundings. He enjoyed alcohol in silence and loneliness. He almost managed to sail away in his dreams when he felt some kind of breeze beside him. A moment later he heard someone move the chair at his table. He didn't have to open his eyes to know who decided to join him. He heard a soft chuckle, coming from the man sitting opposite him. John took his time before he opened his eyes and sighed heavily.
"You said I could ask anything, so I'm asking. How was it? Freed yourself from sexual frustration? Did you manage to satisfy John? It had to be difficult for a person as self-confident as you."
His questions were interrupted by Sherlock's confident voice. His friend must have been reading his mind right now.
"Mr. Stoner definitely keeps his promise and will spend the rest of the day with you as promised," Francesca said.
"What problem !?" John shouted. He didn't control his voice. He raised his hands helplessly. "This problem is 6 feet 4 inches tall and has gray eyes. It follows us like a shadow from the very beginning. It's hard not to notice him. I'm talking about Stoner, Mycroft," he added more quietly and leaned his hand on the desk. The older man didn't seem moved by John's words. His face was still, making him look like a sitting marble statue.
Mycroft's breath became even warmer. John tightened his fingers on his hand and pulled it down. Now the only barrier between them was the air and cold wind, which increased with every second. Mycroft was afraid to lower his eyes to look at John's lips. He considered what to do, but there was no way out.
"So brave, 'cause he is already down! I wonder how you are going to wheeze your fucking songs when I punch you in the teeth ..."
"Finally a friendly face. I've had enough of Josh's wooing and Sherlock's ignorance. Your friend is a total buffoon." As usual, Lucy didn't care. She entered the room with her hands in her pockets and looked at the objects on the tables. After a moment she looked up and gave him a friendly smile.
"Even if it is and this ... thing..." John pointed his hands at the space between himself and Mycroft. "... started and will fall apart by a handshake, it does not mean I should be at your every beck and call. I have my character, personality and free will, Mycroft! I have my mind and a different opinion. You think people would believe in obedient John Watson, your husband, who leaves all his decisions to you and cannot even decide with whom and where to eat dinner, or what to wear? "
"By your expression, I conclude that you do not agree with Dr Phillips," Holmes said, waiting for his reply.
He was afraid to look at the closed door. He knew he would be forced to enter, but he had to admit he did not know what to expect. With lead-heavy legs and a soul on his shoulder, he finally walked to the white door with gold decorations. He tried to control his reactions. He put his hand on the door handle and opened the door very quietly. He saw a large bed and clothes scattered on the floor. But it was only when he focused his eyes on two sleeping people that he felt his heart beat faster. Two bodies lay motionless between crumpled satin sheets.
Mycroft looked at him intensely, then turned his body toward him and stood at a very uncomfortable distance.
Sherlock was not surprised when one of the men got up without a word from the couch and went towards the door, wishing them luck. Nobody commented on it in a word. They knew well what consequences their decisions might have had. They understood the man who had been playing with his wedding ring all this time as if letting them know that family was most important to him and he did not intend to risk his health or even his life. The moment the door closed behind him, the atmosphere in the room was even darker and more depressing. Everyone wondered what to do. How the upcoming decision will affect their lives. Sherlock felt that time had stopped. Nobody dared to speak or look up. Seconds and minutes passed in overwhelming silence.
"Good morning, Sherlock," he said, hoping he would end this awkward moment. They both felt that the morning had not started as expected and for the first time in a long time John did not know how to react and what to say. He was looking at a friend who started walking towards him.
was immediately associated with splattering blood and disemboweled guts. In other words, things that captured the imagination of plain folks.
Sherlock was breathing hard, but he was looking at him back. He held John's arm and spread his legs even wider to make his task easier. He sucked in a breath as the first finger entered him almost to the knuckle. He groaned every time John started moving his arm faster. He grabbed his neck and brought their foreheads together.
No, no, no. This was not how he imagined their first intimate moment. It was too early to think about it anyway, but apparently, the detective had a different idea. He had to show some remnant of his common sense. They were in the morgue. In a place where human tragedy went hand in hand with sadness and reflection. This was not the time to make decisions that would affect the rest of their lives, especially if it involved something that the public did not support at all.
John groaned and closed his eyes in pleasure. He felt Mycroft's warmth beside him, and something hard pressed against his thigh. He opened his eyes just as the older man put his hand on the back of his neck and pushed his tongue even deeper.
"Will there be a place for a proper dinner and rest in your plan?" John secretly looked at Mycroft. He hoped Sherlock's plans would not deter him from joining.
"You could feel ... confused if I told you now. Patience, please" Sherlock added mysteriously, looking at John.
"I wanted to show you this city, John. I was going to do it sooner, but Mycroft watches over you and doesn't let me be near you. I finally have the perfect opportunity to get to know you a little better," he added with an almost sweet smile, staring at the eyes of a shorter man. John was about to answer when suddenly Aaron looked up and stared at something behind John's back, then he pursed his lips, chuckled and shook his head.
"And a great teacher," John added. He went to the desk, ending with a dramatic scene. He tilted his head when his eyes met Mycroft. He could expect that when they returned to London, their relationship would change a little, but he did not think that Sherlock's brother would get so lost in the situation they had to face and begin to behave so strangely. He looked at him pityingly. He hoped that the scene from a moment would sober him up. "Mycroft ..." he said quietly in the most pleasant tone he could afford. He saw the change on Holmes's face. His face softened and his eyes weren't so sharp and cold anymore.
"Mycroft. You have many people around you who would agree to such a deal without a word. Why don't you ask one of your coworkers? There would certainly be a suitable person ... " John interjected.
"You worked on two shifts, John. I don't want to drag you around the city. We can talk here if you don't mind". Mycroft stood in front of a small cafe outside the apartment. He opened the door and let John walk in first.
"Maybe, but your brother needs the attention and feelings of the other person, even if he does not want to admit it ... Just like you ".
"... because if you were my daughter, I couldn't do something like this" Aaron brought his face close to her cheek and left a soft kiss on her skin. A moment later he did the same with her ear. He felt her tremble, so he ran his tongue over her ear and sucked lightly on it, causing chills on her body and making her blush.
"Sherlock, I ..." John hesitated and sighed. He was looking for the right words of denial. The last thing he dreamed of was a long discussion with Sherlock about his feelings. They thought differently about them. He could convince his friend, this time his advice was worth nothing, because who of the two knew better about emotional matters? But he realized this was not the time and place for such hard conversations. Besides, he wasn't sure how he felt at the moment. He lay in silence and let his tired body rest a little longer.
John shook his head. He imagined Sherlock, locked in the bedroom or bathroom, getting ready for him, hand between his thighs, face flushed, focused on the phone screen as he read all kinds of guides webs. He bit his lip and took a huge amount of vaseline. He leaned over Sherlock and looked deep into his eyes. He watched his reaction as he slowly smeared the vaseline around the shaking and clenched hole. He gently massaged the sensitive skin, filling his eyes with the sight of his friend.
"You'll have to forgive me after all," Mycroft said, taking his phone out of his jacket pocket. "This is not the time for serious talks," he said in his haughty tone. "I have an appointment, so if you please excuse me..." he took a step towards the door, but stubbornly refused to meet anyone's eyes, "let's postpone it..."
"I won't leave you alone with all this mess. I can at least pack my things," he turned and tilted his head. "Besides, I still have an hour."
"Are you sure, Mycroft, that is enough for me?" he asked with a raised eyebrow and pointed to his small suitcase.
"Oh, John. I'll tell you now how it really is. People think of Venice as a romantic place. They think this city will make  all the problems magically disappeared. They think their love will be sealed, will be strong and lasting. They tell themselves that they will solve their problems if they look at each other with the romanticism of Venice. They let themselves be misled by beautiful advertisements and their exaggerated expectations. They want to believe in the extraordinary properties of romantic places, although they only postpone their problems. Don't believe everything you hear, John. Persuasion has great power but it is not adequate for what is really happening. Most people will leave Venice in the belief that they are in love, but the reality will make them look critically at their chosen ones and they will feel disgusted at the things they said and did. "
John knew exactly what Greg was talking about. Molly asked him on the plane if she should contact Greg. She must have finally understood that Sherlock would never be closer to her than he was right now. John was very happy for her because her short but intense relationship with the inspector seemed to be going in the right direction. "I'm glad," he said, though he couldn't get enough enthusiasm. He would have liked to drink something, but the bottle was already empty. Like his wallet. "Really, Greg. I wish you all the best," he added, looking straight ahead. He could feel his fellow inspector's gaze, but he preferred not to show him that his thoughts were elsewhere.
Several times John has witnessed the grown-up and serious brothers Holmes fighting over something. And yes, every time it was a strange and funny sight. The dignified Mycroft was turning into a small possessive boy and the proud Sherlock into a jealous kid who tried to appropriate his brother's toy. With this hilarious vision of quarrelsome geniuses, he turned to Aaron. "Unfortunately, I am not a gentleman. I am a military doctor. Violence and strength solutions suit me more," he said with an unpleasant smile, reached out quickly and grabbed Stoner's penis.
Sherlock didn't wait long. He licked dry lips, took a deep breath, and stared at his best friend. "I love you".
"You are a complimentary. You like to made Mycroft jealous, don't you?" she asked with a giggle, clutching his forearm. They both stood facing the room and watched the other guests.
"Get to the point. What are you going to do with this photo? To tell you the truth, I have long known that you are just waiting for the opportunity to play a game with me, but I didn't think you would be interested in my John and you would use him to reach your goal ".
Molly didn't answer. John knew why. The dirt and the chance to come across the glass was not an extremely pleasant option. John and Sherlock looked at each other in silence. At the moment when the girl was about to bend down to untie the belt surrounding her ankle, John spoke to her in a whisper.
"What do you want to say? Do you really think I will let emotions take control over me, and I will lose the rest of respect for you? You were planning how to take John away from me from the very beginning. You consider yourself a great genius, unattainable for human weaknesses, and at the same time you fall so low, it's a shame to look at you. I'm not surprised, you have to count on people like you and you have to solve England's problems alone if you create them".
Doctor cleared his throat and after a moment, with a bashful smile, extended his hand elegantly towards Mycroft.
The boy sniffed loudly, not caring about good manners. What's worse, he wiped his nose on his patched sleeve.  "I'd love to help you, sir, but business is business," he added with a smile.
"Curiosity was too big," he finished and raised the corner of his mouth. When his eyes met Sherlock, he smiled and crossed his arms over his chest, imitating the attitude of a young woman. There was a long silence between them. For a strange reason, John turned his head and looked as if he was looking at something across the hall. Sherlock did not understand the reason for this unusual behavior, but before he had time to deduce something, he heard the voice of a woman whom he had been watching for some time.
"I think I will go to my room now." Molly's shy and soft voice spread across the living room. She stood near the door and watched the awkward exchange of glances.
Mycroft checked something in the bag on the sofa, then headed for the exit. But before he pulled the door handle, he turned to John. "If you need anything, call the reception. I'll be around... I'll try to come back before you finish taking a bath. John... Please. Please, stay in the room and don't leave until my return" he was almost begging.
"Forget it. I didn't say anything." John waved his hand as a sign, the conversation was over, although it didn't actually start at all. He paid the seller, took the mask and gave Sherlock a painful smile. He turned to the square and saw Molly and Francesca. He had no intention of staying alone with Sherlock any longer because he regretted he mentioned the incident, he also felt a stinging in his heart at the mere mention of Sherlock's words. He went towards both women and he didn't have to look back, because he knew his friend was right behind him.
John didn't say anything. He made him understand that the discussion was over because he put a pillow over his head and pressed it firmly to his ears.
Molly walked past him and made John gasp and turn his head away. He didn't want to smell her. It was absurd, he knew that, but the fear of recognizing his friend's smell on her was so terrifying that it disturbed his common sense and sober thinking. He knew the smell of Sherlock, it was a combination of the bitter smell of cigarettes, book dust, something chemical and pleasant cologne, which he didn't use every day - because Sherlock assumed that why he should use perfumes when he spends his days in pajamas or a bedding and experimented - but the smell stayed on his body and clothes. That's why he knew one deep sniff would be enough, and he would know if his guess was true.
"How many of you are here? Twelve? You've been here for seven hours and although the solution to your problem - Mycroft - sits among you, you do nothing with it. From what I see, you don't need him that much. I prefer him to spend this time with me. I give you five minutes. If you don't accept Mycroft's offer at that time, I'm taking him to the hotel". John could hear his own heartbeat. He returned upstairs to Francesca, not paying attention to the surprised faces.
"It's better now," John murmured with obvious satisfaction. "And maybe ..." he didn't finish, instead he stood on his toes and put his hands on Mycroft's collar. He quickly and nimbly untied the gray-purple tie and pulled it down with one hand.
Sherlock narrowed his eyes slightly, but he didn't seem too surprised. "How do you know we had something to do with this?"
"No, I won't help you. I'm going to buy a phone," he shouted from the hall. He returned, however, and looked at them. "I am convinced that the upcoming date will mobilize you to quickly resolve this investigation, Lestrade. After all, you are the Scotland Yard inspector," he added with a slight smile. "And for Molly, I suggest you buy daffodils instead of roses. Sometimes it's worth being original.
They were halfway up Baker Street when Mycroft gave instructions to his driver. The car pulled off the road and stopped at the sidewalk. John looked at him questioningly, but the genius just nodded at something outside the window on the left. John saw the figure of his friend who squeezed between people w his nose stuck in a new phone. When he turned his eyes to Mycroft again, he felt joy and sadness. Something unexpected ended and at the same time something beautiful had its beginning. Mycroft must have seen it too, but he didn't say a word. Even when John pulled a ring from his pocket. Even as he watched him gently turn it between his fingers and then slowly gave the ring to him with respect. He also said nothing when John gave him a sad smile, got out of the car, closed the door quietly, and walked toward Sherlock. They waited a moment longer until the doctor disappeared around the corner. Only now, he dared to sigh deeper and relax his muscles.
"Good morning" Sherlock's tone surprised John. He thought, or rather hoped his presence would make Sherlock smile at least. He did not expect he would jump with joy, clap his hands or wrap his arms around him, but the quiet and almost ignoring tone and the lack of eye contact completely surprised him. And it wasn't over. Sherlock simply passed him without a word. He just cut him dead. He stood next to a small table with a laptop, checking the city map.
"The boy works near the water because he often rolls up his trouser legs. Before he came here, he did it too, probably a habit, but he realized it and smoothed his trouser legs. Quick enough that the girl didn't realize and so inaccurate that he didn't notice the back are still rolled up. Gondolier helpers often have to go into the water to push the boat that is stuck in the marina. However, they are obliged to the same elegance as the main gondoliers, hence the urge to roll up their pants and remove shoes. His shoes are new, but the heels are bent. He treats his shoes like sandals ... "
Holmes sighed. "My brother will never stop behaving strangely. At least by your standards." He wiped his face with a towel and put the razor down in an elegant men's washbag that John had never seen before. It was brown with a golden zipper in the middle. Mycroft's long fingers fit in perfectly. "I mentioned Francesca because she called me a moment ago and offered to change the meeting time for the afternoon."
"Sherlock, please. Let's leave the topic of your brother and me," John said in a gentle tone, wanting to let him know he wasn't angry at Mycroft, but the idea of talking about him was not the best. Sherlock understood his request, so he fell silent and stared at the pair sitting two tables away. He and John were sitting without a word but they didn't mind. They liked their company and there was no such thing as awkward silence between them. Their presence was enough to make them feel satisfied and relaxed. The atmosphere of previous days seemed to disappear and John even forgot about the strange behavior of his friend. He felt good when he sat with him. He looked at Sherlock, who was trying to get his attention by staring at him. Genius nodded towards the couple.
But at the moment John was happy, he was free from this man. He hoped he would talk to Mycroft soon. The older brother seemed to be the only person he could talk to and find out why Sherlock came to Venice. He was about to turn his head and look at the stairs when someone took his seat next to him. John glanced at the man. He had black pants and a white shirt with two unfastened buttons. John's eyes met Sherlock's bright eyes. He sat next to him and tried very hard not to look tense, but his nervous movements indicated something else. He sat in the same position as John and looked away. He cleared his throat.
A murmur of amusement vibrated in his throat. As he turned his head, the touch of Holmes's fingers on his collarbone made him look down. The detective studied the red marks on his neck carefully. Traces left by the chain with a whistle, that was torn off by the murderer.
John was sitting on the red sofa, rubbed his hands together and stared at the wall. He wondered what was happening on the other side and what exactly the Holmes brothers were discussing. Of course, he realized he wouldn't have guessed anyway, because who would be able to do it? He saw Mycroft more than an hour ago when he left the room to talk to Sherlock. John has had a lot of time to think about since then. He was just starting to understand what had happened in the morning. Sherlock - his best friend, the closest person he lived with and spent almost all days - saw probably the most uncomfortable scene in John's life. How did he feel when he saw his friend sleeping with his brother? Shock, disbelief, disgust? He could see these emotions when he opened his eyes and looked at that slender face. But what did Sherlock feel now when the emotions quieted down a little and he had time to think quietly? Will his shock give way to hatred or his disgust turn into disappointment, or worse, rejection? All possibilities were likely. After all, this kind of situation did not happen every day.
John reacted, straightening and opening his eyes wide. "Mycroft, do you realize what your words sound like? And what tone do you use when you say such things?" he asked surprised by the desperation, anger, and tension in the genius's voice.
They walked slowly in complete silence. A mysterious night hung over the city, but thanks to the yellow light of the lanterns, everything looked almost the same as in the middle of the day. Maybe apart from narrow streets separated from the lights by tall buildings. John and Sherlock strolled around St. Mark's Square. Then they returned to the Grand Canal - the main canal in Venice - and they walked along the water until they reached the Rialto Bridge. They passed amused party people who took up free places in the bars or sat by the canals, talking, sipping strong drinks and laughing loudly. John remembered the night he and Mycroft were traveling under this beautiful and old bridge for the first time. He raised a corner of his mouth, walking towards the bridge with his friend. He had the impression, it was only a few days since he arrived, although in reality his stay was coming to an end and he was about to return home soon, to sad, gray London. So many things happened in less than two weeks. John once again looked at the gondolas standing by the shore. He started looking for a boat that looked most like the one he had traveled with Mycroft.
Lucy smiled. She knew that look. She smiled like that each time, she looked at the new bow she was buying for her collection. John liked weapons and looked great with one in his hand. A dangerous flash of light in his eye and a small smile was proof that who once had the taste of adrenaline and the danger of war, always missed this feeling. "Or maybe you need it for Moran, huh?" she asked, lifting a corner of her mouth at John's surprised expression. "Ignore him. You can handle it with or without a weapon. Anyway, whatever you choose, I doubt whether it will affect our mission. It is better to believe in yourself and your skills than stick to the thought that an ordinary object will change what is destined for us ".
"That's right", his eyes scanned the items quickly. "Although I think something is missing here," he frowned. "What do you think, Holmes? ... Holmes?". The detective was no longer in the room. The creaky door closed slowly, and footsteps drifted away from the corridor. He gave his friend a meaningful look, then went out into the hallway and followed the detective. At first, they walked towards the exit, but after a while, Holmes vanished from his sight in another part of the morgue. The long corridor lit by flashing gas lamps was getting colder. He strained to keep up with the detective, but all he could see was the tip of his coat, disappearing quickly around the corners. The hallway was cold, unpleasant. The atmosphere was creating a strange unease. The smell of damp mingled with the darkness and the muffled echoes of the conversation from the top floor of the morgue.
It was clear it was difficult for John and Sherlock to sit side by side in silence right now. Sherlock fidgeted in his chair and clenched his fingers together so hard, John had no trouble seeing his white ankles. The younger genius shook his head, gave the bartender a sign he didn't need anything. When he and John were alone, neither of them spoke first. The silence was interrupted by conversations behind their backs and footsteps on the marble floor.
"I told you many times that sentiment only makes decisions difficult and prevents us from seeing what is obvious to others," Mycroft was in no hurry to leave the room. He put on his cufflinks and fixed his hair in the mirror hanging on the wall.
"... He told me about things I did not know. He made me aware of what I missed and for the first time in a long time I started to feel fear and respect. However, at the same time I felt safe because this intelligent man did not try to hurt me, he only helped me understand myself. I felt great respect and ... I let it overwhelm me. He charmed me ... "he said softly, looking calmly at Mycroft.
"We secured every item that lay next to the bodies," Lestrade looked at the evidence on the table. "Watson, I think these are your things too...".
"You need to find a normal partner, Molly," Sherlock said casually as he took a small porcelain cup in his hand.
"Both prints look alike ...", Holmes put a finger to the paper, just below the two prints, "... but I can tell which one belongs to the same person."
The minutes passed slowly. He was getting bored of watching the dust in the air visible in streams of light sliding from exposed windows. He could call Mycroft and tell him about his arrival. If he wanted, he could arrange to meet him at a specific time and place. However, he was aware that his every move was closely monitored. He knew that Mycroft knew exactly where he was at the moment. That's why he waited patiently in his office. He wasn't going to disturb him in meetings or other things. He knew Sherlock's older brother would come when he had time. It wasn't even a quarter of an hour when he finally heard footsteps in the corridor and a muffled conversation. The door to the room opened without a murmur. Mycroft and some man stood in the door. He was tall with slightly graying hair. He had very bright eyes and a nice smile. John remembered it was probably the same man he had seen that day at Buckingham Palace. He stood upright in the middle of the room.
"I wish you could see Stoner's face when I said we were going back to the hotel. He sat without a word and his eyes were so big I thought..."
John was too surprised and grateful to Mycroft to pay attention to the final fragment of the statement, spoken with less enthusiasm and certainty. He expected Mycroft to keep his word, but he didn't think it would happen so soon. He accepted the file with visible relief and looked up at Mycroft. He was surprised when he saw a pleasant smile on his face. "Thank you," he muttered harshly. "I do not know what to say".
"Sherlock!" Mycroft was indignant with his brother's sudden outburst of joy, who didn't seem to care at all.
He had to tell Holmes about it. It had to be a clue that would lead them to the murderer and prove his guilt. He quickly put the knife down as he turned to leave. He wondered how he would find a detective in such a large and extensive building before the students left the classroom. He walked as fast as his injured leg had allowed him. He gasped for air as he paced the long corridors and peered into rooms and offices. Unfortunately, Holmes was not in the west wing of the university. He had to look for him at the faculty of science and technology. He was in a hurry, wiping the beads of sweat from his forehead, and at the same time, he had to hold his bowler hat because the wind that was blowing in the corridors was really strong. He was walking through the wide hall that was the main entrance to the college when he saw two figures in front of him. They stood at the back of a long corridor leading to the eastern part of the building. He struggled up the three marble steps and began walking toward them.
"You are so formal, Mycroft. And you impose this type of behavior on others. I'm sure there are a lot of people in this room who would happily go to the dance floor if someone else dared to do it. Besides, your brother didn't teach me how to dance so I would stand quietly against the walls now when there are so many beautiful women around.
He turned his head. It was Greg. He was sleepy and barely conscious. He recently got out of bed, rubbing his sleepy eyes and yawning every five seconds. He was walking slowly towards him, his hand tucked into the pocket of his uniform trousers.
"Because there are people around him who are not as smart as Stoner. Mycroft wants this lie not to be revealed. He is going to lie until he returns to London".
He had enough one day. He realized that he would lose nothing, asking John for a favor. When he came to Baker Street and when his proposal was completely disregarded, he was not surprised but decided not to give up. He was bothering John at work and at home. He ignored his brother's angry glances and the doctor's indifference until his persistence was rewarded. John agreed to pretend to be his husband, which gave him not only relief but also strange joy. Mycroft returned to his home with a feeling of satisfaction and went to sleep with a smile for the first time in many years. This mood stayed with him the next day and it was not spoiled by the fact that he overslept to work. Even the strange looks of the assistant could not remove his satisfaction from his face. He understood the seriousness of the situation only when they flew to Venice. It was then that he felt doubts and fears. John and his bellicose attitude did not help him either. He knew about the doctor's strong character, but it was difficult to get along with him at first. For the first time, he had the opportunity to spend time with him alone. He didn't know what to think about it. The situation was not improved by the fact that Stoner was around, and John, like John, always had his opinion and it was difficult to convince him of something he did not want to do.
"John ... the situation we are in has overwhelmed us a bit. Something unexpected happened between us, which surprised both me and you." He paused for a moment, making sure that John was following him. "Of course, you know that just after you decided to live with my brother, I thoroughly analyzed your past," he continued. "Your strict father had a great influence on you," he concluded, seeing John's expression that he surprised him, leaving him without a word. He scratched his fingernail over the desk. "He stifled feelings that as a young man you did not yet understand. You had no support in anyone. Even in a sister who was in a similar situation. Seeing what happened to her and how she was treated, you closed yourself to others and walked the way your father showed you". He looked up at the silent doctor. He listened attentively, but it was evident that the words hit a sensitive subject. He opened the wounds and memories that John so diligently tried to forget about.
Hearing Stoner's cheerful tone and feeling his warm hand on his back of the neck, John gave him an evil look. Aaron was usually beaming and he charmed both women, though John could bet poor Molly was more impressed by him than Francesca. An elderly woman knew him for a long time and was aware of his true nature. At that moment John wanted to disappear. Sherlock? Molly? Stoner? What else? He regretted sticking his nose out of the room.
"I did," John confirmed, closing his eyes, intending to cuddle into Mycroft's warm arm. He couldn't do it because the genius lifted his chin with his fingers and then kissed him. He had wanted it since he returned to England. Mycroft's hot breath, agility, and experience made him barely able to stand on his straight legs. He embraced his waist and allowed him to take control not only of the kiss itself but also his own body. He loved when the genius gently but firmly took him in his arms, pressed him to his body and kissed him passionately. He was surprised that it lasted only a few seconds. When Mycroft pulled away from his mouth, he looked straight into his dark, lust-filled eyes. "You have nothing to tell me?" he asked with a smile.
Holmes folded the newspaper, staring at the cups she had brought. "This is Mrs Hudson, Watson. Our landlady."
They loved him. It was certain. The question was do they really loved him to the extent they claimed. If John had had enough courage, he would have lunged at them, drawing one to a kiss and the other to his greedy hands. But he knew the theory was one thing and practice was another. Before he could get carried away by his feelings, he had to be sure they knew what they were signing up for. That they will not regret a decision from which it will be difficult to withdraw later.
He was awakened by the sounds of a soft knocking on the keyboard. He saw nothing but the light behind his back, which was reflected on the bedroom wall. He realized it was Mycroft. The man took the opportunity and decided to abandon the narrow sofa for a large bed. Of course, he took his job with him because it was most important to him. John wasn't even surprised. Every genius he knew valued his work above all else. The worst of them all was Sherlock.
Their life has been calm over the past few months. Nothing happened. Even the investigations didn't give Sherlock as much fun as ever. All because he was thinking about John. Intensively. He thought about telling him about his feelings. How much he wanted his touch, his warmth. How much he wanted to have him in his arms. He noticed that since their lives had returned to normal after all these events, he was looking at John more boldly and he wondered more often if it was time to finally tell him how he felt. Maybe it was the perfect moment? They lived together again. They lived side by side. They ate, laughed, and talked as usual, without stress or worry. Their everyday life was calm. Several times he had a feeling he should do it. He stood in front of John, looked into his eyes, and was ready to confess his feelings, but John avoided him as if he knew what was going to happen, or the intensity of his gaze frightened him. As he walked away with a nervous smile, Sherlock wanted to grab him by the shoulders and make him listen. But he didn't do it. He didn't want to do it this way. He remembered the movies they were watching, and even several times he thought about recreating one of the romantic scenes. But he was afraid that John would think of it as some kind of experiment or joke, and for that reason, Sherlock would back down. He understood that the most important thing was honesty. Romantic surroundings were supposed to be just an addition. Sherlock knew that he had to confess John his feelings naturally and above all - honestly. He didn't need artificial romanticism, a dozen candles, and a quiet melody in the background, but for John, he was ready for anything. If that would help him understand how much he meant to him, he could even kneel before him and ...
The corridor was long and winding. Sherlock had the feeling that he wasn't in a secret government building but a maze. Finally, he felt a stronger breeze on his face. He knew they were approaching the wider hall. At one point, he saw the bright light that entered the building through the glass roof, and then John. His friend was standing by the wall and he was talking to a woman.
"Mr. Watson... Mr. Holmes told me to escort you to the hotel," he said in a thick voice, not even glancing at Aaron. John sighed with relief. He pulled his hand free of Stoner's grip, got up from the chair and walked with the black man to the hotel.
"... almost a month ago and I already had the impression that there was something wrong with you ... now? I find it hard to accept that ...".
"I don't blame him for the world's woes, but mine! From the very beginning, he is like a plague to me, an unwanted shadow that follows me even at night ..." younger Holmes was even angrier. He was angry at both Mycroft and John. At his friend, because he was defending Mycroft all the time.
Aaron tilted his head swishly to the side. He lifted the corner of his mouth because he knew how it affected on Mycroft's nerves, "I have a good relationship with a minister working in this area."
"I know you're really aren't like that and ... you have no idea how this pretending of yours is pissing me off," he added determinedly. "You try to push others away at all costs because you are afraid of attachment. You prefer to be alone and you want to be sure that your feelings will not be hurt. This is selfish and cowardly of you". He heard his own footsteps as he started walking around the living room. He could feel Mycroft's gaze all the time. He looked at Sherlock and noticed that the younger genius was sitting in his armchair, staring at the carpet. He was depressed, pale. John's words had hurt him as well.
"Of course, Lestrade! Just think what that tells us about the murderer's character. It was daylight, a bright morning. The killer entered the yard surrounded by a high fence. He had one escape route," he said, pointing to the door behind him. "He had windows above him, he could potentially be watched by dozens of people. It is a very risky place to commit a crime."
"How much would I give it to be the only reason ..." he muttered so quietly that John could not understand his words.
The doctor almost smiled and looked at his friend. He had no idea that his voice would please him so much. "If your brother tries to put his hand where it doesn't suit me, I promise to stick my fingers in his eye sockets. My virtue will not be tainted by him, Sherlock. Don't worry so much."
Meanwhile, Mycroft stood back and ran his fingers down John's back once more. He reached for the vaseline. He took some on his fingers and began to tease John. "Can I?" he asked hoarsely.
"That's good ..." John sighed and tilting his head back, put his fingers together on his stomach. He enjoyed the warm wind on his face. "... I won't feel like the last idiot at least."
He sucked in a breath because for the first time light from outside illuminated part of the stranger's face. He looked at his thin lips and the tip of his long nose.
John's gaze was absent, stuck into the table in front of him. He held a cup of tea in his hands. He didn't look at the Holmes brothers, but he could feel their eyes on him. Sherlock's burning gaze and slightly lighter of Mycroft. When he raised his head, he blinked nervously and tried to avoid his friend's eyes.
"There really isn't," Sherlock agreed. "I am reluctant to say this, but it is probably best to wait for Mycroft. Maybe he will kindly enlighten us and tell us what decision he made."
"Molly also told me" Greg rested his elbows on his legs and looked at the pavement under his boots, "that she saw a different side of you and Sherlock" his voice was not as sure as it had been a few moments ago. It was as if he was afraid of John's reaction, or ashamed of the direction of their conversation. "She said she didn't see Sherlock ever so focused on some task. And you so happy. She said a lot has happened between all three of you ... or the four of you, I should say." He shyly cast a glance at John. It was hard for him to deduce what he was thinking because his expression did not change. "Listen...".
He flinched as the coachman leapt from his seat and approached him, opening the carriage door. He didn't like it. He saw no reason why anyone would spend the night travelling alone, in a neighbourhood like this.
Dear Lord... Sherlock had enough of this official tone already. The meeting hadn't started yet, and he was already bored. He managed to learn the most important information from Mycroft, so he was going to use the nearest minutes to deduce other people. He started with the least interested man. He immediately knew that he was there against his will and would take advantage of the first better opportunity to give up and return to his life. So he was not someone to pay more attention to. Right next to him sat an IT specialist, electrician, mechanic, and handyman in one. If John knew what he deduced, he would surely describe the man in one word - MacGyver. Sherlock was convinced that he could handle any situation. He was not sure about his involvement though.
"I beg your pardon, I have a question." He wondered how distant his voice seemed to him. "Are you a messenger of life or death?"
The carriage tilted sideways as he entered it, but when he turned his head he saw that Holmes had no intention of joining the ride. He was standing on the sidewalk, his hand clenched over the front of the cab.
They have been looking for a place for a long time. John's most important criterion was the smell that came from the kitchen. For Molly, the look of the restaurant and surroundings. Mycroft paid the most attention to the prices of served dishes. Sherlock didn't care where they were going. They wandered around the city until they finally reached the main channel, where both the number of hotels and tourists suggested that it was in this area that the food was the best. Nearby restaurants were full of people. The buzz of conversations was mixed with the laughter and sounds of music played live by bands of several people. In the end, they were so hungry that they decided to enter the first hotel that stood in their way. It so happened that this hotel was the 'Gritti Palace Hotel' one of the most expensive and most exquisite in all of Venice. As soon as they came to the entrance, someone from the staff approached them. They were not surprised when it turned out that all the places in the restaurant were occupied.
Only the amusement in his voice made Mycroft not freeze in surprise and fear. He put down the phone, then hung over John, taking away his possibility of movement, pressing him into the mattress with the weight of his body. "Too late, John. You have to get used to the thought that if you don't wake up with me, it's only because you wake up on a pile of cardboard boxes, or in a musty street, chasing with Sherlock one of those criminals of yours." Maybe he shouldn't mention his brother because he noticed the change on John's face. He leaned back a little, giving him space.
He was torn out of his thoughts by a bolt of lightning somewhere in the distance, as well as a strange sound coming from outside the window. Open window. This is what he forgot about when he had this strange feeling a few minutes ago. He focused his hearing on rhythmic and uniform sound. The moment he realized that it was definitely applause, he heard a male voice belonging to one of Mrs. Turner's residents.
His smile was beautiful, John had to admit it. He was used to his stare so he drank some alcohol and gave him a blank look.
He didn't close the window. The sound of pouring water was coming from the bathroom. The calming sound made him throw off elegant clothes and quickly changed into something more comfortable. He sank on the bed and immediately closed his eyes. The penultimate night at the hotel, the penultimate night at Mycroft's side. He would give a lot for taking this moment with him to London. He knew that when will he return to London, after each awakening in his bed, he would remember these unreal moments with a sentiment. This opportunity happened only once in his life and he was glad that he agreed to Mycroft's offer, although it seemed ridiculous and absurd at the time. He was thoughtful to the point that he didn't even notice when Mycroft got out of the bathroom and lay down next to him. He realized only when he felt the pleasant smell of soap. They both lay on their backs with their eyes closed, their hands very close together. Close enough that they brushed the tips of their pinkies. John made the first move. With a gentle and slow movement, he slid his fingers under Mycroft's hand. He had no idea whether he was doing right or wrong, but at the moment nothing could destroy or improve their relationship. He waited less than a few seconds for Holmes' reply. Mycroft took his hand without a word and squeezed it, and they stayed in that position all night. Before falling asleep, John listened to the calm melody played by the young musician on the mandolin outside the hotel. He knew it from some movie, but he couldn't remember the title. The music was playing, the wind cooled his tired body, the mattress wrapped him in softness, and Mycroft's calm breath put him to sleep with every moment. He knew he would remember that night forever. A beautiful night in magical Venice.
A few words about the next story - I decided to write Johnlock. Why? The next story is more polished and I have many details in my head I would like to write about. I have thought about it for some time now.
When the kisses started to get more intense, he turned around and pulled Mycroft's head down with both hands. He put their lips together and deepened the kiss. He felt strong arms around him and he knew he wanted it. He wanted to make love with Mycroft, he wanted to feel his skin again. He wanted to feel that he had power over older Holmes, and yet he would not dare to dream about it a week earlier.
John felt sick at the very thought of what Sherlock might think of him, but he felt even worse when he thought of Sebastian. It was near the hour of his training at the shooting range. John knew that he should leave the room soon, so as not to meet with Moran, but he could not look away from the beautiful face of a friend ... Beautiful? He shook his head. What was he thinking about? Fortunately, Sherlock was too busy talking to Mycroft to see his ridiculous behavior. John took the opportunity to take a closer look at him for a second. Lucky bastard ... He hardly trained as the only one in their group. He did not train shooting, he focused only on the tips of Mycroft and other people responsible for logistics and the very purpose of the mission. He trained little, but he was still in great form. John could see it through the tight shirt on his chest, strong legs, and the way he moved trying on newly sewn clothes. Sherlock's body, as usual, did not require special preparation. A beautiful, perfect body ... John shook his head again and rubbed his eyes. What was happening to him? Has he completely lost his mind or what? He hoped that it was Sebastian's fault and all this mess, not the feelings he had a hard time restraining, but somehow he managed to control and hide the distraction from the curious eyes of his friend.
"Who would have thought that the powerful Mycroft Holmes would ever be forced to do such things as lies," he said provocatively and smirked. "So what made you turn into a stinging wasp after confronting Aaron, Mycroft? Why you don't like him so much?"
Mycroft understood his behavior and irritation. He knew he was walking on thin ice. However, he was going to explain everything so that there would be no understatement. He wanted Sherlock to have a full picture of the situation and not draw conclusions that could only harm them at the moment. "I just want to say I didn't plan it," he said, despite the impatience on his brother's face. "I never wanted to take the most important person in your life away from you. I never had plans for John."
"I figured it out, imagine it," Mycroft teased him. He widened his smile, but his lips were clenched as usual. "Or using your favorite wording - I deduced it."
He heard his friend's gasps allowing him to do anything at the moment. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw Sherlock lay with his eyes closed and tilted his head back, taking advantage of every moment to feel his lips against his body. This encouraged John. The sight excited him to the breaking point. Every time he put his tongue to Sherlock's nipples and heard him moaning, he could feel his own penis twitch between his legs. He did his best not to rub against him because he felt that if he touched himself he could cum in no time.
"Neither my husband nor your Mycroft have any influence on this man. He is not listen to any of them," she added, squeezing gently John's elbow.
He did not keep up with what was happening. Generally speaking, the entire last 24 hours had been one of the odd ones, and it wasn't clear how to react and prevent things from happening. He was fed up with these nonsense and incomprehensible situations. All he thought was Holmes and their upcoming meeting. He walked to the door, noticing his wavering steps. The door indeed turned out to be unlocked because it was enough for him to turn the handle to make it open noiselessly. The interior was dark. He glanced down the narrow corridor, but some force called him to the upper floor. He had no idea how many people were in the building and whether he would be considered a burglar. He placed his foot carefully on the first step and then on the second one. He was slowly climbing up. One of the two doors was slightly ajar, and the light illuminated the stuffy corridor. He peered through the chink, ready to inform the residents about his presence by knocking on the doorframe. His hand hung in the air as he saw a familiar face in the bright room.
"If you're going to buy something for Mrs. Hudson, it would be best if this thing was big and cheap, otherwise, you would spend money for nothing. Our housekeeper's sentiment lasts for the first two months, and then she hides it in a drawer. She keeps there all the little gifts you have given her. She won't get rid of a big thing so easily, "he said, approaching John even more. He stood facing his profile, examined him for a moment, then leaned even more and reached for the object lying right in front of his friend. John felt uncomfortable once again. He took the beautifully decorated mask, that Sherlock offered him and looked at it closely.
"Mr Holmes has finally found a faithful dog to follow him," Dr Hooper snorted softly, still standing in the same place. "What sets you apart from others so he lets you do it?"
If you were so kind and checked it (this is the summary of "Bloody Ring") - https://www.surveymonkey.com/r/CB93HPD
There was silence. Molly sat embarrassed and flushed at the revelations. John shook his head quietly in disbelief and admiration for his friend. Sherlock finished his tea with his typical nonchalance. People started to arrive in the lobby, and the pleasant chill disappeared. Conversations, the intensity of which was unbearable, now turned into a buzz of people coming from all the rooms and floors. A couple came into the hotel, followed by someone from the staff, carrying large bags in their hands. A young mother led a crying child who kept sobbing, even in the presence of the always smiling porter trying to calm him down. It was getting crowded, and John felt that if he wanted to remember his last day in Venice, he had to start doing it from now on.
He took a step, went onto the small balcony and turned his head to the left. He saw Sherlock, whose curly hair glistened in the moonlight. He saw his pale, slender face and light smoke coming out of his mouth. His friend stood on the balcony of his apartment and looked as if he was deeply thinking about something. Both men did not speak to each other, but they knew full well about their presence. John opened the bottle and took two large sips, not caring about the principles of good manners. He didn't have to worry about his behavior when he was with Sherlock. Not like with Mycroft's friends who would consider such behavior to be extremely reprehensible.
"It definitely crossing..." John breathed heavily, "all the lines I know." Because of Mycroft's wet and hot tongue, his delicate fingers clenching the back of his neck, and the smell of two perfumes mixing in the room, John had difficulty answering any questions.
"Don't mention it to Sherlock. I can't convince him a second time that he can make decisions without my total knowledge and assistance," Mycroft muttered with a little amusement. He was relieved that this difficult conversation was over. He looked at the chain watch and put it back in a small pocket at the front of the vest. "Come, I'll give you a ride home."
Mycroft and Sherlock looked at him silently, then exchanged a knowing glance a moment later. John watched with a racing heart as the older genius slowly walked towards him. Without rushing, examining him closely, only to glance at his body a moment later with a lascivious look. John felt his eyes burning on his hips, stomach, and then his chest and neck. He didn't have time for more, because Mycroft was standing next to him and blowing hot breaths straight into his ear.
After a few moments, he discovered with horror that the street he had entered was as dark and deserted as the one he had just left behind, and there was no living soul nearby. A cold chill shook his body again. The neighbourhood was dark. All he could see was the shape of the road and the narrow path of stars cut off above him by the walls of the buildings. The cold air carried a strange metallic smell that settled on his tongue. He was walking down the street, close to panic when he realized something. He slowed down, furious with himself. He was a bloody soldier! Who had greater responsibility to face danger if not him? He stopped in the middle of the street and waited. He stood sideways and strained his eyes, trying to see any shape in the depths of the dark alley. He could feel someone's eyes on him. He knew that every gesture, every move he made would be noticed. He prepared his fingers so, if necessary, he would pull out and unlock his hidden revolver with a quick movement. He stopped breathing, listened to his surroundings. The silence, uninterrupted by the crunch of stones, was proof of the impasse, it was terrifying and disturbing. He waited for the stranger to move.
John came to his senses. He put his hands on Sherlock's chest, trying to stop him. He didn't want to experience it a second time. He did not want to compare Sherlock to Mycroft, which would be inevitable. He made this mistake once and was carried away by the moment. The consequences that would await him after a kiss with a younger genius, would be much more serious. This awareness of how much he could lose made John sobered up in an instant. But despite the strength, he pressed on Sherlock's chest, he was unable to pull him away. Sherlock did not give up, his eyes were full of determination and something incomprehensible that softened John's heart. After a short fight, he stopped pushing him so hard. He tried to avoid Sherlock's kiss. He looked at his lips and his heart sped up.
Hours passed and Mycroft was still gone. Since he had disappeared early in the morning, John had not heard from him. So what if he sat in an elegant living room, in a new suit, and had empty plates in front of him after eating a tasty dinner, when he was bored like never before. And what was with this idea that he couldn't leave the room? Was he a prisoner or something? Where exactly was Mycroft and why wasn't he coming back? These questions gave John no peace. He wanted to explore, watch and enjoy the charm of Venice.
The sunrise was more and more beautiful. Along with the brightening sky on the promenade, there were more and more people wanting to capture a beautiful view. They stood in the distance with their phones in their hands. They did not disturb each other, they looked as if they did not pay attention to the surroundings at all. The sun was slowly starting to appear above the horizon, and the sky was a warm pink-orange shade.
He did not answer. Sometime later they entered an elegant store. The distinctive bell hanging by the door rang around the room. The black color of the walls, illuminated by purple and white lamp cabinets beautifully displayed the goods. It didn't have many customers because the prices of some things scared away potential customers. Molly immediately started looking through the presents, and Sherlock and John were left behind. They used the loneliness and air conditioner located just above the passage. They enjoyed the moment of peace.
"Our boys have a business with the others. I want show you the view from the terrace, John, and then we go to the city," Francesca said cheerfully gripping John's arm. He smiled at her, then took one last look at Mycroft, who spoke with Franco, but he was looking at John out of the corner of his eye.
As he thought about which colors suited the Holmes brothers, John was surprised by the quiet creaking of the door. He turned and saw Molly coming out of the bedroom she shared with Sherlock. She looked ... different than usual. Her hair was loose, tousled and disheveled. She grinned but quickly bit her lower lip when she saw him. She tried to pull the shirt - obviously not hers - on her bare legs. She looked very pleased and relaxed. If John were to guess why the girl was so happy, he would bet she had ...
Sherlock immediately frowned and murmured doubtfully what caught their attention. "Not for long. He may have got over PE teacher, but I doubt it will be the same with her dance partner."
"Calm down, Molly. So, it was Stoner ... and you didn't sleep with Sherlock?" he asked with a small hesitation.
"What is it, John?" he asked what caught his brother's and Molly's attention. He leaned away from the offered plate as if the view was disgusting.
"Come, John," said Mycroft. He stood proudly on the wooden platform and waited for the doctor. As soon as John set foot on land, a hotel employee grabbed his modest suitcase and headed for the building. John looked at Mycroft, who smiled tenderly at him and also headed for the building.
But John felt his face burn with shame and embarrassment. He gathered his strength, pushed Sherlock away - not hard, but enough to get out from under his body - and after picking up his shoes, he disappeared around the corner of the building. He heard his friend, who immediately caught up with him, but he couldn't focus his mind enough to even ask something like 'what the hell was that?'. He walked with his hand pressed to his lips and for the first time in a long time wanted to hide away from the eyes of both brothers Holmes. He wanted to think about how it happened. How this straight guy, turned into -yearning-for-the-man's-touch-casanova in less than two weeks?
He was immediately surrounded by Mycroft's smell. A delicate and pleasant aroma that strangely suited him a lot. John was getting to know more and more things about him and he loved it. He was so focused on the bottle he didn't even hear the crackling, quick steps, and equally fast knocking on the door. Before he knew it, the other man had already entered the bathroom.
This time Sebastian stopped and turned to the rest of the group. He wasn't angry, but curious. He looked at John for a long time. He finally nodded. "All right".
"Let me know when you have something. I will wait ..." he whispered and kissed her again. Before she knew it, he got up from the chair and disappeared somewhere behind her. She turned around, but he went into the crowd of tourists. He knew this was only the first point on the plan, but how important it was! Now everything should be easier. Molly was captivated by him, John was confused, and Mycroft lost his confidence and didn't know what he wanted. Now, Aaron just had to wait for the results, so he walked ahead with a confident and cheerful face. He was so pleased and focused on his thoughts, he did not notice John, who passed him in the crowd, going in the opposite direction.
Mycroft licked his lower lip. He had never done this type of gesture before, but John's presence caused him unprecedented thoughts. He tried hard not to look at his lips, which is why he was staring at his own hands for the most part. "John, please, think," he said finally. "Why am I arguing with Sherlock lately? What is the cause of misunderstanding and forgive for the expression, the goal of our quarrel" word 'goal' he specifically uttered in a different tone. He didn't want John to feel offended or hurt by his words. He could not find a better word substitute at that time, and thinking about it for a longer period of time would not be good either. Seeing John's expression, however, he concluded that he was not offended. But curious and a little sad.
"... but I did the same with your brother. And believe me, although he wasn't very happy at the beginning, he is a healthier man now."
He was angry with himself when he reached the centre of the room. There was a tall glass case there. At the level of his face, right in front of him, he noticed something that looked like a short sword. One look at the signature was enough to reassure him that his assumptions were correct. Falcata. Ancient blade. The warped metal was covered with limescale all over the surface. The sword was nothing like the lethal, terrifying blade it had been in the past, and yet something was mesmerizing about it. He wondered how many years the sword had been hidden somewhere underground. He looked closely at its edges and rough surface until he saw ... eyes. Only his training reflexes allowed him not to flinch. The bright gaze reflected off several layers of glass. When he looked up, he saw Holmes's gaze. He was standing on the other side of the cabinet, completely silent. The shadow falling across his face was disturbing. It made him look mysterious. His pale skin contrasted with the black coat. Twenty inches of air and two layers of glass could not contain the glow of his gaze. Bright eyes pierced every obstacle, burned the skin of his face, and made him shiver. The breath from the slightly parted lips misted the glass.
Mycroft pursed his lips. "We're not children, Sherlock. I thought you had grown out of banter and malice. We both know why I'm here."
The mask was beautiful and thin, but its cool appearance caused mixed feelings for John. He ran his fingers over it, examined every fold and rough fragment. He became sad when he remembered something that hurt him with double strength now. He was silent, but he could feel Sherlock's eyes staring at him and his warm body next to him.
"I am way too sober for this." John walked into the kitchen, took two wine glasses from a locked cabinet, and returned to the living room, closing the door.
"I appreciate your dedication..." the doctor did not glance at him even once since he appeared, "but I must remind you that I also have other duties in the hospital. My experience as a highly qualified doctor is appreciated not only by your department, so it is difficult for me to be in two places at once ".
The room was lit by the orange morning light, the curtains waved slightly. John could hear his own breathing and his footsteps as he went to the window. The first rays of the sun warmed his face. He closed his eyes and stretched. Despite the many doubts he has before arriving in Venice, everything was going according to plan. Maybe it was even better than he had hoped. He didn't feel suppressed when he talked to important personalities, he felt confident in various situations and more importantly, he got along with Mycroft. That was what he worried about the most when he agreed to this strange plan.
He was deep in his thoughts, staring at the sparkling water outside the window and the small yachts, gondolas, and motorboats flowing on it. The door to the apartment opened slowly, and this caught his attention. He looked at John, who was holding a bouquet in his hand. It was probably a bouquet of daisies, but Mycroft didn't know much about it, because he never needed that knowledge. John was smiling, tanned, and his hair brighter than ever before. The sun made his hair almost silver. Mycroft wondered if the doctor looked like this whenever he returned from Afghanistan. He made a mental note to request his photos from that time when they returned to London.
"I'm leaving," Mycroft said, after clearing his throat. He leaned forward hesitantly and kissed his pretended husband on the forehead. John refrained from sighing at the last moment. However, before he could react, the older man incredibly quickly disappeared from the apartment. John looked at Francesca. She looked a bit embarrassed, but she was smiling and giggling.
Thirty seconds. That was all it took for him to make the decision when he met Lestrade that same day again. The inspector complained to him that few officers were on duty that night. He thought he might be useful. He carelessly offered his help. Carelessly, because after the first five minutes of a lonely patrol on the streets he had been assigned to in Whitechapel, he regretted his decision. He was alone, cold and scared, knowing that there might be a murderer lurking in a dark corner somewhere. If Jack the Ripper wasn't waiting for him, he could have easily become a victim of other more common criminals in the area. However, he decided to join the night patrol because he knew he would not be able to sleep that night anyway. He only thought about one thing all day. He was looking forward to seeing Sherlock Holmes again, and he wishes to continue the investigation with him. If he had to choose between lonely rest in his bed and helping and protecting defenceless women, there was only one right choice.
Of course, he could easily find an excuse or a simple explanation for the current situation. Why would he immediately assume that something had happened between them? None of them was used to the temperature in the region and there was no way they could get used to such temperature in just over a week. Of course not. Maybe there was a party the day before and they both had no more strength when they returned and only managed to take off their clothes carelessly and throw them on the ground? It could look like this. Right?
Holmes looked at the injuries for a long time. His eyes wide open explored every inch of the victim's body. He intently looked at the cuts, scrapes, and bruises through the magnifying glass without saying a word. Finally, he straightened very slowly and stared thoughtfully ahead. "What do you think, my dear Watson?"
"And not only that," Holmes added in a voice like a hiss from behind clenched teeth. "He remembered many significant details that others would not have noticed. He also kept a cool head", he was leaning over the body, holding the magnifying glass in his hands. "He probably damaged his arm as well. It'll help identify him."
He glanced at the coachman, who was staring ahead with a blank stare, and then again into the carriage. He bit his lower lip and placed his foot on the hand-decorated step. He slipped into the dark interior of the carriage, taking his place in front of the mysterious man. He heard the soft click of a door closing, followed by the footsteps of the coachman climb up to his seat. The horses started moving, setting the carriage in motion. He cast a glance around the interior, tucking the revolver in his coat pocket. The curtains on the windows blocked the light. Elegant details matched the black leather, decorating the seats and the walls of the carriage. The carriage was a slight chill, yet stuffy. He stared at the man for a long time, listening to the clatter of hooves and the soft squeaking of one of the wheels.
Finally, the strange silence must have reached the consciousness of the genius. He shook himself from some trance, because the fingers with which he wanted to touch him, he brushed his hair. He cleared his throat, straightened up, and looked away.
"I have the perfect opportunity to get to know Mycroft's beloved one. You will do me the honor and spend this afternoon with me? You are not afraid of me, are you?" he asked and raised his eyebrow provocatively. John had no other choice. He didn't like the idea of spending time with Aaron, but he didn't want to show he had something to hide. He clenched his teeth, cursed Mycroft in his thoughts, and followed Aaron Stoner deep into the city.
He was a little surprised by the detective's sudden but controlled outburst. He looked at Dr Hooper.
He didn't answer right away. Instead, he walked around John, unbuttoning his shirt. He put his knee on the bed and leaned over his ear. "Ask Sherlock if you will need it," he suggested, blowing hot air into his flushed ear.
"This is the Doge's Palace, it was the seat of all the rulers of this city. Behind this building we will see the Ponte dei Sospiri, the so-called Bridge of Sighs. Probably the most famous bridge in the world ..."
"To Stoner's apartment." He tried to penetrate the darkness, but it was extremely difficult. He could hear his friend's breathing behind him and the sound of Molly's shoes hitting the ground. He stopped and turned his head. "Molly, don't make that noise with your heels. We must be quiet to slip unnoticed, and Stoner's people can be anywhere. They are looking for us".
John didn't even try to break free. Mycroft held him tight and his strength prevented him from moving. He was at his grace, which made him tremble at the thought of what he would be able to do if he let him do more. Mycroft's possessive mouth sucked his lower lip hard. John moaned, which only encouraged the other man. He began to feel dizzy. The world was circling and the blood was pulsing in his veins. It was hard for him to breathe, and it took a moment to realize that it was because of the unimaginable force with which Mycroft kept him pressed against his chest. He put his only free hand on him and was about to get some free space for him when suddenly everything ended. Mycroft released his grip slowly. His mouth, which he had kept tight on John until now, was lightly brushing his upper lip. The kiss from passionate and possessive turned into a delicate and almost innocent. John would have wondered what had happened, but he couldn't concentrate. He couldn't gather his thoughts, and he only came to his senses when Mycroft pulled away from him and cleared his throat, rubbing his neck.
"I really wish you could join us," he said, looking straight into Mycroft's eyes. He didn't want to be pushy, but he noticed that sometimes he had to force Mycroft to agree to his suggestions, which ultimately worked out for both of them. "Come with us," he insisted.
"It's my fault that John and your brother are having problems now. I want to help you," she murmured quietly but firmly. She didn't give up.
John walked around him, put hands on his shoulders, and took him firmly to the bedroom. "Lie down and sleep," he said, walking around the bed and pointing at the free half. He took his part of the mattress and turned off the light. He didn't look back at Mycroft. He didn't know what the older man would do. Mycroft had to be shocked because he did not move for a while and made no sound. It wasn't until after a few minutes that the mattress on the other side gently buckled under the weight of an older man. John smiled lightly and wondered how Sherlock would react if he found out that his best friend kissed and slept in one bed with his brother in one day.
"Yes, Mrs. Hudson. Thank you for your concern." Sherlock closed the window and smoothed his tangled hair. When he turned to the living room, he saw that a thin layer of purple dust covered the furniture, carpet, and books.
"I don't feel anything anymore," he shook his head to reassure him. He barely looked at Holmes's raised eyebrow when he had to surrender control to his body. He closed his eyes, hissed with delight as the detective left a long wet trail with his tongue on the wound. A kiss, less insistent but more attentive, brought them together again. Deeper and more sensitive. He jumped when the detective's hand clearly brushed his crotch. He grabbed his wrist and looked straight into his eyes. "At home ..." he hesitated, "... we'll do it at home."
It caught her attention. She looked at him with genuine surprise, which immediately gave way to joy and excitement. She clapped her hands and giggled happily. "Will you tell him today?"
Sebastian delayed the answer. "Two more miles," he said over his shoulder, breaking branches in his path.
"Lestrade offered me a collaboration two weeks ago when panic broke out in the town," Holmes's voice was muffled. It rang from somewhere on the other side of the office. "If they had listened to me in March, the killer would have already been hanged.
Aaron also got up from his seat. He approached him slowly and with an empty glass in his hand. "You can expect me in your apartment today, then."
"What am I looking at, Holmes?" he asked without taking his eyes off the paper. He felt movement, then the presence of a detective who had taken a long time to walk behind his back.
Mycroft, who was closest to the exit, sighed and rolled his eyes like never before. "Sherlock, I beg you..."
"Beautiful entertainment. If this is what your evenings look like, then I will have to give my people new orders," Mycroft turned and left the cool building. They followed him.
"I don't understand one thing. Why does it have to be a husband? Wouldn't it be better to introduce a woman as a wife? And why should I be the husband?"
"No. Aaron! He promised that if I help him find evidence that you and Sherlock are more than friends, or if I find something interesting and let him know, it will be good for both of us. I agreed, but in good intentions, John! ... I accidentally saw you with Sherlock and took pictures of you, and later I sent them to Aaron. I thought he would need it only in an emergency and that his attitude towards me would not change. But after our night together, he stopped talking to me! I know I did wrong, John, I shouldn't listen to him and now you will have problems because of me ...!"
"I would have an eye on him. And I could tell him something by ear. You don't even realize, Doctor, how troublesome it is to get rid of crushed cigars from the pavement. I can't let garbage piling under my flat."
Mycroft's slight hesitation was proof that John's words were reaching his ears. But after a moment, he returned to the normal rhythm of clicking on the keyboard. John did not give up. He learned, he had to be patient when he talked to Holmes brothers.
John was fascinated by the sight and overwhelmed by feelings. The cock slowly melted into the hot hole of his friend. He could feel throbbing. Rubbing the skin. Halfway up, he leaned over Sherlock and pressed his body against him. His friend clung to him, wrapping his arms around him. They were pressed together, cheek to cheek, chest to breast, stomach to stomach. Surrounded by their arms in a tight embrace. John finally entered completely and froze in place.
There was a slight surprise on the other man's face, which was replaced almost immediately by that nasty smile that made John shiver. "I do not intend to attend this meeting ... I will learn the most important things from my people."
John could not stand it anymore. With a sound of annoyance and irritation, he straightened up, climbed lightly on his toes, and grabbed the taller man by the shirt, pulling him down. He joined their lips for a literal few seconds, then pulled away from him.
"Has anyone been lucky enough to win your trust enough that you don't check every step of their action and give them a free hand, even in the least important matter?"
He walked slowly across the room, casting a quick glance at the newspaper lying on the armchair. He put on his coat and top hat. He slipped his gloves over his hands. Crossing the threshold, he picked up the black bag that was waiting for him. He couldn't see it, but when he closed the front door, a single spark from the fireplace flew over the desk and landed on the front page of the newspaper, burning a small hole in Sherlock's printed face.
Sherlock, who was walking ahead, turned and gave his brother a playful look. He was careful to walk in such a way that he did not rip his shoulder against the wall. He knew that Mycroft would probably not have problems with it either, but he couldn't resist sending him a smirk. The narrow passage ended with a wider square with a flower shop on the corner and a small restaurant opposite it. John breathed a sigh of relief because he didn't like such cramped places. They stopped in the square. They decided to stay in this place for a moment and enjoy the fresh air. The small square, just over forty feet in diameter, was empty. It was lit by a single lamp hanging on the wall of one of the buildings. Behind the display window in the flower shop were beautiful floral compositions, prepared especially for visitors, but the effect spoiled the bars that protected the window. Molly admired the interior of the store. John accompanied her. Mycroft, who stood several feet away with his hand in his pocket, watched the doctor. A moment later he saw Sherlock standing next to him.
"I don't know, John. I don't understand it and it worries me," he said calmly now. He looked at John and his face softened. "We're close," he replied.
They were walking among the crowd of people. Some of them were tourists, others were residents. They could hear languages from around the world and smell perfumes of many people - rich and poorer ones. There were scents of delicious dishes from nearby cafes. The musicians stood under the restaurants and played enjoyable Italian melodies.
"Yes, thank you, Mrs. Hudson. The hazes can still be in the air, so it would be better if you go" Sherlock opened the door and without touching his landlady, invited her into the corridor.
John was surprised. Not by the fact that he was the main topic of their discussion - because it happened often, - but by Mycroft's honesty. He usually had to ask and draw conclusions himself, because Sherlock's older brother loved to play with words and metaphors. The simplicity and sincerity with which he admitted it was refreshing and unexpectedly charming. He sat motionless for a moment, unable to bring out the questions that came to his mind.
"Give up these games and leave John alone. If you once admit a mistake, the world will not turn upside down. Trust me." Sherlock once again gave his brother a look of contempt and turned toward the door. He stopped there waiting for John.
Sherlock watched him with a smile. In fact, he carried out his last experiments mostly out of boredom, not for the sake of some investigation. His thoughts were all focused on John, so he didn't even want to think about cases. Thinking about John was much more pleasant and grateful because he could imagine something different every time.
The carriage was moving slowly through the crowded city. The bustle mingled with the singing of the hungry gulls that were flying over the banks of the Thames. Teenage boys stood on every street and they offered people the latest editions of newspapers. Curious passersby discussed loudly Jack the Ripper's next victim. Some of them looked terrified, but others did not even try to hide their excitement.
John saw his friend, so he kissed Francesca's cheek and went deeper into the room. He took a few steps when he felt Sherlock's strong arm on his elbow.
"I will look for dry branches," he pointed at the part of the forest that went down the slope. "These are not good. They are too wet and would only fume if we threw them into the fire."
Sherlock frowned but didn't answer. He repeated the words of his brother in his head. He felt like he was reading his mind. He did not doubt that Mycroft was well aware of his plans and that in his own way he was supporting him in his relationship with John. He seemed to understand that Sherlock could find true happiness only with his friend. That's why he couldn't understand Mycroft's motives. Why did he want their help right now? What was so important? Couldn't his people deal with the problem alone? He felt close to solving these questions, but he didn't want to think about them anymore. He did not intend to worry about the country and security matters at all. But John did ... It was because of him that he decided to make this trip to the other end of England, but if it was up to him, they would be sitting now in their flat and talk about irrelevant things, and he would have the opportunity to look at the silver hair of a friend and his bright wise eyes. Unfortunately, he couldn't resign when John contacted Mycroft and promised they would both come to the meeting.
"Tigers? In Bhutan?" Josh did not hide his slight curiosity and concern. "And so high in the mountains?"
"Bedroom" he confirmed an instant, "yes." He pulled Sherlock into a mad kiss and at the same time pushed him towards the kitchen. He reached behind him to grab Mycroft, but the older Holmes stayed behind. This cooled John's intentions a bit. He stopped and turned his head.
Sherlock reached for his glass without a word. For a long time, they heard only the quiet sounds of music and conversations of other hotel guests. "You saw her before," he said nonchalantly. There was no irritation in his voice, but surprise and amusement.
The detective grabbed one of the many iron bars that were part of the tall gate. Instead of opening it, he leaned slightly towards him. "Don't ask other people about him and don't be interested in him," he said softly as if afraid someone else would hear him. "But most importantly," he added, without moving his face an inch, "if you ever meet him ... avoid being alone in his company."
Mycroft didn't know how he could describe the feeling when his brother's angry voice woke him up. Of course, he was surprised and started to panic silently, because he would never have expected, Sherlock would find him in such an unequivocal situation, even though he already had information, his younger brother planned to take matters into his own hands. Mycroft was shocked, he was sure his relationship with his brother would get even more complicated. He slowly sat down on the bed and secretly pulled the sheets on his bare chest. His discreet gesture made Sherlock even more irritated.
John hesitated for a moment with an answer. "You could say so". He approached the fire. He sat down next to Sherlock and threw a pile of dry branches under his feet. He saw that his friend was watching him intensely.
"Make yourself at home," Mycroft's voice hit John's ears with a delay. He still couldn't get over that he was in this situation. Before he could react and look around the room, his husband disappeared from his view. Without thinking, John went to the open window. He saw the stretching water surrounded by old buildings. Crowds of people penetrated somewhere between streets, and gondolas and motorboats passed lazily on the shiny water.
"This is me husband, John. Franco Coletti," she said, then greeted Mycroft with a smile. Two men began to speak Italian, but John did not pay attention to them. He was still very impressed with both Francesca and the whole party. After a while, he focused on Mycroft, who surprised him more and more. John did not expect genius could hide his dislike of crowds so easily. He had no problems discussing with Franco and smiling at the same time.
Was he aware of how much this gesture meant to him? How many times did he dream about walking along his side so that others would have proof of what love he had for his best friend? Sherlock didn't know if John had changed or just stopped worrying about the opinions of other people who could easily judge others. But since he opened up enough to go with him, holding his hand, Sherlock was more than willing to let him. He still couldn't believe what was happening. It's true that in Venice he did different things and tempted John with kisses, hugs, and behaviors, which he always wanted to try. It's true that he was clearly seducing him. However, it was Venice. A city of lovers, where everything had its justification. He seduced John because he wanted to make him aware that the relationship with Mycroft, though feigned, was pointless. That he should be his only candidate for a potential partner. He was afraid that he would lose him and again lose the chance to confess what he felt. He did it all with the knowledge that in case of failure he could easily justify himself with the surroundings, the change of environment and the general illusion of the fairy tale that the city on the water created. In London, everything looked different. It was more real here. Realities and consequences had a wider impact on the streets of London than in a city where no one knew them, and decisions and events seemed more like a dream than truth. When John held his hand and proudly walked at his side, he showed everyone that he had decided. That he made a decision and which he intended to stick to, no matter what. That their feelings were real and nobody could undermine it. Sherlock felt that he ultimately belonged to John as he did to him.
"John, we're here" Mycroft's tone was the same. Delicate but firm. It wasn't until a few moments later when John rubbed his eyes and looked out the window, he saw sunny Venice and he thought it was worth agreeing to Mycroft's offer. Even if only for the view.
He frowned. He was not surprised by Sherlock's question, after all, he was familiar with his gift of deduction. What surprised him more was his friend's hoarse voice. Sherlock sounded like he had been silent for a week and had only now regained the ability to say something aloud. Also, he sounded so gentle and insecure as if he wasn't sure of his own words. As if talking to a friend was a privilege for him that he had been waiting for a long time.
A trained body was his asset. He controlled the reactions and his breathing. The steam from his mouth was escaping at a slow, rhythmic pace. He did not dare to twitch. He could feel the hot liquid running down his cheek and neck. The knife was pressed so tightly against his throat that he was afraid to swallow. A minimal movement would be enough for his blood to join that of the woman. The tense moment lasted forever. He was pressed against the wall at the mercy of the killer who was standing right behind him. He didn't hear any footsteps coming from the neighbourhood. He knew he was going to die that night in this dark alley next to a stranger woman, and not even Sherlock Holmes would be able to solve the case. He had no hope but suddenly realized the situation could be even worse when his attacker's right hand slid dangerously over his thigh and groin, and when hot breathing warmed his numb neck.
What were they talking about? What solution? John was suddenly drenched in a cold sweat. He shuddered at the thought that the Holmes brothers might have discussed how to resolve the situation, and Mycroft concluded that he should help them find another one place to live. The first drop of sweat did not manage to run down his back as John was already standing in front of the store, leaving behind his groceries and the strange looks of cashiers and old security guard. He had to wait a long time before he was able to focus his hearing again and recognize the words. It was all the more difficult as he was now walking close to the main street where all kinds of cars, buses, and motorbikes were passing him by. Only when he entered a nearby narrow and quiet street he could hear his friend's angry voice.
Older Holmes looked at them with no specific expression on his face. He was standing still. Proudly, without saying a word. His elegant posture did not match what he had just witnessed. It was a long time before he made a move. He entered the room, slowly closed the door, and focused on John, who was still staring at him.
At this point, Mycroft finally decided to interrupt him. "Don't bother, John," he said gently. He reached for a glass of red wine, then unceremoniously emptied it in one move. "Francesca knows everything."
"She will" the genius nodded. "Actually, she's on the other side of the canal. Right there," he pointed at the yellow dress standing in the crowd. Molly continued her mission and tirelessly explored the souvenir stands.
"I figured as much," John said. He nodded but did not change his position. He watched Mycroft from a not very comfortable angle. "About what?" he asked.
"Please, let me do it myself," he said. He got up from his chair and put his other hand on Sherlock's fingers. It was warm and the touch was emotional and tender. "I promise I'll be back as soon as possible."
Sherlock saw as John nod in understanding. When he turned and their eyes met, he already knew. He knew the answer. He knew what prevailed in John's mind and could read the answer in his eyes. Oh, John. And his romantic soul. He was always ready to sacrifice himself for the good of others. He believed that he could achieve anything with Sherlock. That they can overcome any obstacle. Sherlock felt the pride and incredible euphoria that accompanied him every time John looked at him that way.
"I just need something light. Besides, I don't have too much money on me, and I'm not going to charge Mycroft with extra costs," he said, sipping water.
Hearing a mockery in Sherlock's voice mixed with amusement, John rolled his eyes but didn't say a word. He stood behind Molly, who either did not hear or ignored the genius.
"We'll leave the main door normally and then try to get rid of them". Sherlock pulled back a little. He put his hand on John's shoulder and walked back into the room with him.
"He is as difficult to deal with as you. And he is more stubborn. Sometimes I wonder how he manages to keep his relationship right so other people are not offended by his indifference and contempt."
"Stoner doesn't know the word 'failure'. Anything he chooses to do, everything he aspires to, is doomed to success. He'll do anything to get what he wants. That's why he's so dangerous. He competes with me at every turn. Stoner is one of those people, who are the mystery. Even I have no idea how to deal with him. I'm most afraid of him becoming interested in Sherlock ... "
"I have a surprise for you. I just moved my things to this hotel. We'll be able to see each other more often now," he said in a cheerful tone. John turned to Mycroft. Genius looked at Aaron who was also looked at him with a noticeable message in his eyes. 'I will watch you.'
"We're talking about John," Sherlock said significantly, calmly. "When it comes to him, I can't be impartial."
He was drilling a hole in John's head, who was blinking nervously. He set the cup of tea on the table, but never took his eyes away from Mycroft. He took a deep breath and burst into uncontrollable laughter. After a moment, he straightened up in his chair and buried face in hands. His stomach throbbed with laughter and he couldn't look at serious Mycroft's face. John's laughter spread throughout the flat.
A cold and windy night was the perfect time to relax. A busy day full of meetings, boring conversations, and unimportant decisions was over. He also got many reports regarding the apartment and residents of Baker Street. It was an ordinary day in Mycroft's life. When he left the office, he felt the refreshing wind on his face. For a moment he wondered if he should take a smoke, but decided that satisfying his hunger and thirst was a more important thing to do. Fortunately, with his position and authority, he didn't have to think about choosing the right restaurant. He always had a choice of several places, ready to serve him without waiting and serve his favorite dish. One word to the driver was enough, and he soon stood under one of the most expensive and elegant restaurants in London. Each time he got out of the car, he was greeted by the same faces and the same inviting gestures. He slowly followed the waiter, tapping the tip of the umbrella on the smooth carpet. He would sit where he usually sat, he would order what he always ordered, and he would enjoy a moment of peace with a bottle of his favorite wine. Waiting for the late supper, he looked at the golden object on his finger. Wedding ring. The thing that started it all. The reason why his life turned upside down. He wondered where he had made a mistake. At what moment in life and in whose presence. How was it possible that he - the most important person in Great Britain, the person pulling the strings and ruling all the most important institutions, even those outside the borders of the Great Kingdom - had to fall so low and use lies in such a trivial matter as his supposed marriage. And how did it happen that he was sitting here in Le Gavroche surrounded by the dim light of candles and lamps and thinking about one person? How was it possible that he became so sentimental and emotional? He knew whose fault it was, and yet he couldn't get angry at that person. Thanks to John, he had to face new experiences. He caused emotions that he thought he got rid of long ago. He was worried about how he would handle his daily life if his fears proved to be true. Once again he looked at the ring, turned it with his thumb and thought deeply.
"... even if I have to do it, against my own feelings ... I have for you," he added, wanting to make sure she really believed him. He was not surprised by the effect of his own words when the girl let out a shaky breath and took his face in her hands.
Mycroft opened his mouth slightly and lowered his head. He was ready to kiss him. Wildly. Passionately. So that he would remember that kiss and think about him at night. The hand he held on the glass was starting to slip slowly, shifting his position. The doctor's hot breath warmed his face and the trembling body twitched as John pressed his free hand against him. Lips parted and eager. Moistened with warm saliva. Ready to be united. He stopped at the last moment. He didn't plan it that way. He wanted to gain John in a different way. He felt physical pain as he tensed his body and turned his face away. "No, John," he said, feeling pain in his throat. "Not like this. We made the same mistake in Venice. This time I want it to be thought through," he continued without changing his position. "I want this decision to be made with full awareness of the situation, not under the influence of emotions, in a fit of passion and desire."
"Do you think he has calmed down a little bit? I know he's stubborn and it's hard to change his thinking, so I wonder if the discussion makes sense now ... it wasn't even two hours since ..."
He was tired so his moves were quite slow. He felt his eyelids started to get heavier as if his eyes were begging him to take some rest. His eyes fell on the small table in front of the couch he was sitting on. He noticed his phone and reached out for it.
Hearing that made him feel guilty. He was one of those curious people who kept the police from doing their job. "Get in. We'll go there together," he said, nodding his head and inviting his old friend into the cab.
"It is really narrow here." Molly tried to measure the gap between the buildings with her hands. "I hope this street is not too long."
"This is a very important meeting because it is one of the last at this convention. We should have this meeting somewhere else. But for some reason, they decided to change the place. I was reckless and I promised if any meeting would take place in this hotel, I would take you with you. Don't worry. You won't be bored. Everyone will come with their spouse. "
John thought of Mycroft's face, and some of his emotions were replaced by others. He looked at him differently now. The seriousness he saw on Mycroft's face every day changed to the sadness he hid under a stone face. He saw the longing in his sharp eyes. His distance and coldness were replaced by emptiness and sorrow. John's heart softened when he thought of Mycroft in this way and he couldn't think of his bitter words from a moment ago anymore.
John stood for a few seconds without saying a word. His heart was beating incredibly fast. Mycroft's scent was still in the air. When he finally turned to Francesca, she was standing two steps higher.
They clumsily found their way to the bedroom. John tugged Sherlock's clothes not very gently. Meanwhile, his friend undressed him too and pressed his greedy mouth to every inch of his naked skin. By the time they got to bed, John's chest was covered by saliva and kiss marks. He tilted his head back and closed his eyes as Sherlock put his tongue to the side of his neck while unfastening the belt on his trousers. Moments later, they were standing naked facing each other. They broke the kiss to look at each other's bodies. Their hard cocks rubbed against each other, arousing their lust. John didn't have time to enjoy the beauty of his friend's naked body because Sherlock put a hand on his chest.
Of course, Holmes was right. The awareness of this and the absurdity of the situation brought a smile to his face that did not disappear when they went back. As he climbed the morgue stairs, past rooms full of dead and working people, he tried to contain his excitement. Was it inappropriate and out of place? Surely. But he couldn't help the emotions that ruled over him and showed up on his face. He was relieved when the detective closed the main door and when he felt warm, fresh air on his skin. They directed their steps to one of the carriages.
John and Molly didn't know what he was talking about. They looked at each other in silence but decided not to ask. It was late evening but hotel guests enjoyed the nightlife. Maybe it wasn't like the morning hours when people had to squeeze get to the designated place, but the music outside and the buzz of conversations from the hotel bar were proof the night was just beginning for some guests. By the time they reached the door of the apartment of John and Mycroft, they had passed several couples. John recognized some of them and nodded slightly as he passed them.
"We don't have to if you don't want to," Sherlock replied, brushing the invisible dirt off the balustrade.
Breakfast was very tasty as usual. Crunchy bread, fresh fruit, and thinly sliced cured meat satisfied his hunger, increasing from the previous night, which he decided to ignore then. He thought with regret that it was his last breakfast at this place. He doubted if he would have the opportunity to participate in this type of show again. This trip was a one-time contract with Mycroft. John suddenly thought that if Mycroft had offered him a similar offer in the future, he would have agreed to it without hesitation, and not because of the comforts he could expect being Mycroft's partner. He realized that he liked his company, and the necessity of playing the role of a husband was not as tiring or unpleasant as he thought at first.
"What time is it?" he asked in a voice muffled by the pillow. To his surprise, Sherlock froze in place and quickly turned off the website he was watching with such curiosity just a moment earlier. It all took literally a second, and John wondered what his friend was hiding.
The lengthiness of Mycroft's speech confused John, which must have shown on his face. He understood less and less what this statement was leading to. He was about to smile because he was aware of how much older Holmes loved to make statements that only he could understand.
Minutes went by slowly, and John was getting more and more sleepy. Calm and quiet hours spent with Sherlock made him completely forget about the hardships and stress of the previous day. He was also glad that his friend understood his needs and spoke only when he knew he could no longer stop his thoughts. They felt good in their company and they needed nothing else. John realized the sun was starting to rise, and he was starting to feel more and more sleepy. He looked at Sherlock. After a moment he stood up. His feet were damp and slightly swollen, so he grabbed his shoes and went with Sherlock barefoot.
Mycroft turned his head slightly towards him, but John could not see his face or his emotions. The silence continued until the older man sighed with irritation.
"You're wrong. I can get rid of the glue using salt or soap. Acetone eventually. But you clung to me so hard, I have no ideas how to get rid of you."
Mycroft shifted his weight to the hand on the mattress and reluctantly moved away from John, shifting him to his back. John looked a bit surprised, but he enjoyed the change of position. He quickly wrapped his arms around Holmes's neck and pulled him down for a kiss. Mycroft lay between his thighs.
Sherlock didn't answer for a long time, apparently carefully considering the words that came to his mind. When he spoke, his voice was slightly muffled, as if he had walked to a window or turned his back on his brother. "John has told me many times that love is about supporting, respecting, and trusting each other, but sex is important too. I love him, so, naturally, I think about it too. Of course ... if I could, if he would let me, I would want to spend nights together with him. And if I had him in my arms, I doubt if I would be able to let him go and let him go to you. "
The brothers were silent in a tense moment. Mycroft felt obliged to present his version of events, but he waited for his younger brother to start the conversation. He felt Sherlock's hot gaze on him. He was afraid to look up for a long time, and when he finally did, he felt a shiver on his back. He couldn't remember the last time Sherlock looked at him in such an icy and reproachful way. He felt guilty but couldn't turn back time. All they could do now was talk honestly. Sherlock was quiet as if he were aware he was oppressing Mycroft by not saying the word. The living room was so quiet they both heard someone moving in the hall and the door slamming in the neighboring rooms.
John winced slightly. "That too," he said after a moment. "But mostly I meant that I had to talk to him."
John looked slightly confused. "I'm taking a shower?" he asked instead of answering. "You made me understand that it would be better if I did not smell like you. Besides, Sherlock could misunderstand something and call your mom. You wouldn't want that, would you?". Maybe Mycroft answered, but John didn't hear him anymore. He entered the bathroom with a smile and started to wonder how he would spend his last day in Venice. What's more, his last day as Mycroft's husband.
"Or save their life," he interrupted, looking at the collection from a completely different perspective. From the perspective of a military surgeon.
They felt the fresh smell of the sea. The air was chilled by rain but it was pleasantly warm. It seemed to him that the city breathed a sigh of relief after the storm. Gusty rain cooled the sun-lit buildings and breathed new strength into the citizens because despite the very early hour they were already getting ready for the next day. Steam started to float from the streets and walls of historic buildings. City dwellers opened their windows wide, and the wind dried the soaked sheets that protected the boats and gondolas. The whole city was coming to life, giving the impression of losing the weight of several hundred years within a few hours. The city gained new strength.
Meanwhile, Sherlock took a cup from the table next to him. He blew it and shook it to get rid of the dust, then poured cold tea from a porcelain jug. He heard his landlady put something in the fridge and throw the damaged things in the trash. He didn't care about the current situation because he had more interesting things to do. He did not listen to the complaints of Mrs. Hudson, who continued to rebuke him.
He looked around the living room. He wasn't sure it was the day, but he still didn't want to lose that opportunity. And since it was likely that he would tell John everything on that day, he should be prepared and should prepare John too. That's why he decided to follow Mrs. Hudson's advice and clean up - at least a bit - the mess he made in their flat. When he was looking for some clothes and cleaning products, he thought about the reason why John wasn't in the best mood that day, but he couldn't find a satisfying explanation. The last days were not stressful or tiring, because the cases they dealt with did not require much effort. Nobody visited them. Except for one journalist who insisted on an intimate interview and tried to enter their apartment at all costs. But no. It was unlikely. Maybe John just had a bad day. Sherlock had no intention of thinking about it any longer because his patience was running low. He found neither a vacuum cleaner nor cleaning products, and senseless walking around the flat began to irritate him. Finally, Mrs. Hudson took pity on him and helped him clean the living room, warning him ain advance that she was not even going to enter the kitchen. Therefore, when she returned to her apartment, Sherlock closed the door separating the living room and kitchen and began checking something on his phone while sipping hot tea. He was waiting for John's return.
So that was the problem. John started to understand Mycroft's bad mood and his bitter comments. He knew what irritated the older man so much and why he couldn't talk to him calmly for the last hours. It turned out that everything was about Sherlock. He was the reason for their quarrels. John wasn't going to talk anymore because talking about Sherlock was not a good idea at the moment. He was angry when he thought that he was under Mycroft's observation and his people were following him step by step even in the middle of the night. He felt robbed of privacy. He didn't even want to think about what his spies had told him, what information he had and what he deduced except for that kiss, or rather just a kiss attempt. He didn't feel like getting nervous and starting another quarrel. He loosed his crossed arms with resignation and shaking his head, he walked toward the front door.
"You deserved it," John confirmed, turning to the other side. He was no longer angry and was glad that the older man had finally put his pride aside and they could come to an agreement. He was relieved this day did not end as badly as he thought. They were silent for a moment.
Aaron shook his shoulders. "You never know if someone is listening. I preferred to spend some money to bribe the owner of this sanctuary, rather than stress over the agility and speed of your people. No one will interrupt us here," he added with a smile.
He didn't have to think. "You will pretend that the current situation does not concern you. You will leave the flat and cut off contact for a few days, maybe weeks. And then you will show up here again and act like this conversation" at that moment he looked at Sherlock and made a hand gesture, "and our trip did not happen at all ".
The doctor turned to him with a surprised expression. "Oh, are we talking now?" he asked, leaning back.
"I thought about taking you to my favorite restaurant tomorrow evening. I hope you don't mind," Mycroft asked, getting up from his chair and coming to the balustrade on the terrace. A slight wind moved his hair. He closed his eyes and took a sip of whiskey.
"I was in the bar downstairs when I saw the strange smoke falling out of our windows," she looked around the room. "What did you do with my flat?" she didn't hide the reproach and irritation in her voice.
"Yes. That's the right word. When I got up, I immediately knew I had to get rid of Sherlock as soon as possible because I felt your sperm running down my thigh."
"We got rid of the stalker," Sherlock muttered merrily as if he were reading his mind. They walked a few feet and then changed the subject completely. "I changed my mind. You don't have to give it to Mrs. Coletti," he pointed at the daisy in John's hand. "The bouquet she will get from you is definitely enough for her."
"How much can the temperature in Glasgow differ from temperature in London?" he muttered to himself and turned his head away. He didn't see a little smile appearing on Mycroft's lips.
He passed the London School of Economics and Political Sciences, and later the British Museum, as usually occupied by tourists. The wind once again blew his hair, the collar of his coat and shirt. He was going to check if John had replied to any of his messages, but the hand he was raised into his pocket was gripped firmly. He turned his head and then saw John. His John. His heart stopped beating for a moment, he felt a shiver on his back, and when the doctor squeezed his hand even harder, he felt the body leave the strange and unnamed brake that had held him in place all these years. His John. Yes. His. Now he could say it out loud. After years of worries, sacrifices, feelings of rejection and unrequited love, he finally had the opportunity to love and be loved by the most important person in his life. Everything showed that from that moment his life would change once again and again thanks to John. He must have looked funny because he saw and heard the sincere laughter of a friend who was saying something to him in his warm voice. Instead of words, he heard a squeak in his ears and the sound of pumped blood. He had to be sure it was true. Be sure that John showed him his feelings before the whole world. He looked at his hand, surrounded by John's fingers. When he became convinced that it was really happening, he looked at John with blurred eyes. He didn't know why everything was slightly blurred. Slowly he began to regain his hearing, but instead of the voice of his friend, he heard only the noise of passing cars, conversations of people and the sound of construction machines somewhere in the distance. It was only after some time that he realized that John stood still and stared at him with slight concern. He did not want to start this beautiful chapter in their lives by worrying him, so to show that the reason for his silence was indescribable joy and relief, he raised his friend's hand to his lips. He kissed it and hugged it to his cheek for a moment.
When he left the room, he didn't even wonder where his legs led him. He walked without paying attention to his surroundings, and he only regained consciousness when he sat down on one of the crimson chairs of the restaurant on the second floor. He rarely ate meals outside the room he shared with Mycroft. He regretted it right now. He regretted not getting to know all the beautiful places, whether at the hotel or outside. He regretted he did not pay much attention to people and atmosphere and regretted a bit he was persuaded by Mycroft and came with him here. If he did not know this lifestyle, luxuries, places, maybe it would be easier for him to return to the ordinary reality, which slowly reminded him of the realities in which he lived in London. He knew he would remember those two weeks spent in warm and elegant Venice many times. He will recall when he was ... in Mycroft's arms. He was like a Cinderella who was allowed to spend a beautiful night with the prince, but time was gone and he had to return to his duties.
It was quite late. The full moon shone outside the window and reflected on still water. The streets were abandoned, only lonely couples were passing quietly somewhere. Before John went to the bedroom, he looked at the small pile of bedclothes on the couch. The small pillow and thin blanket did not match this room and looked very depressing on the decorated sofa.
It sobered him up. For the first time in a long time, he took a deep breath. He looked around and noticed that the two of them had indeed become the centre of attention of everyone around - both onlookers standing in windows and a few policemen, who searched the yard. He didn't take that kind of interest well. He preferred not to think about how their behaviour was perceived by others. True, they had done nothing wrong, but the fear of being judged was much greater for him right now than the fear people had felt since Jack the Ripper began prowling the streets of Whitechapel. To his great surprise, the detective didn't seem to care about Lestrade's words and anything else. It was true that he took a step back and increased the distance between them, but the expression on his face showed neither nervousness nor embarrassment. He was smiling with a raised corner of his mouth, and he was giving him cheeky looks. He had to admit that such nonchalance was very charming. The detective was confident, and that was one of the reasons why he felt a great admiration for him from the very beginning.
