Tony sealed the channel, and, making sure the nutrient-oxygen feed was attached, strapped it to his chest, and pulled Steve flush against his front.
“Is that a challenge?  Pepper, call the people back, tell them to come up with a like, I don’t know,
.  The streets are the same, but nothing else is familiar.  You said this place was preserved, and I thought maybe . . . .   They have an exhibit from my war, ya know?  ‘Cincinnati Goes to War’.  Pride of the service the people did in World War Two.  We didn’t even
Cap straightened and blinked, looking towards the sky.  “What?”
He and Thor threw each other around for a bit longer, until Captain Killjoy decided to show up
“Uh-huh,” Steve’s voice has gone high, like he’s almost hysterical.  Tony's about to say something, he doesn't know what, when Carol screams at them.
the AI answered.
With a flutter of an eyelid, all three of the nymphs faded like mirages.  The air cooled and the refracted sunlight seemed to lessen in intensity.  The water was less vibrant, and seemed to lose some of its shine.
He kept fisting his erection as he moved to lean and pull his own bottle of lube from his bedside table.  He opened it one-handed, and poured a moderate amount into his navel.  He allowed his fingers to trace up and dip into the slick, relieved at the slow loss of raw friction.
- out gunned.”
Tony enjoyed Steve’s company entirely too much. They had slid into friendliness and intimacy almost instantly, but the easy slide wasn’t easy. Steve challenged him, far more than any other person he’d ever met. Steve had an idea on what to do to make the world a better place, and he knew Tony had the resources and connections to make those ideas a reality. He wasn’t a man to take the world as it is, and Tony found it to be the most spectacular thing he’d ever seen.
, that’s too cool, did you kill anyone?”
“See that red lever?  It'll slow the rotors down long enough for me to get out.  Stand by it, wait for my word.”
Tony knows he should bring it up. He knows better than to let this fester.  But he also knows that without anything to sway him, he and Steve will continue to drift in circles, gnawing away at the tender bits of their relationship until they’re both just open wounds.
Eventually, they reached a small rocky span when there didn’t seem to be any farther to go.  Steve swung his pack down onto the ground, which Tony took as cue to dramatically collapse onto the ground.  He could hear Steve laughing behind him, and was about to lift his head to demand to know what was so funny, when felt a shadow fall across his back.  Before he could speak, warm hands gripped him under the arms and pulled him to his feet, swinging him around to stare Steve in the eyes.
“Is this about the Avengers?  Which I know nothing about.”
Drawing a hand through his hair, Tony chewed on his lip.  An idea hit him.  “Springs are usually fed by the rains.  What’s your flux in downpour throughout the seasons?”
She smiled, and let out the barest huff of a laugh, like she didn’t find him funny.  No one did that.  Only Maria laughed like that occasionally, when she wasn’t trying to hurt his feelings.  “I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
“You’re gonna big part of my kids’ lives.”
“JFK?”
Tony got up with a groan, complaining that he wasn’t a biologist, and neither was Bruce, so why the hell was he doing this?  Bruce followed in Tony’s slipstream, but not before trading a significant glance with Natasha.
As they cleared the maze of houses on their approach to the palace, Tony asked, “I don’t want to seem annoyed, but do they know who I am?”
Tony sat in awe of the firm trust Steve placed it him. It was as gratifying as it was terrifying. “You really mean that, don’t you?”
“Let’s see . . . am I going to keep the cheap-ass burner phone from 2004 that is, frankly, an unencrypted security nightmare and is a gargantuan pain in the ass to charge?  Yes, I’m going to keep the phone.”
“No, you’re right.”  Steve stopped at the foot of a set of stairs and pursed his lips.  “Do you know what he wants more than anything?”
Tony had one of those fancy DNA tests done, the ones that trace your genes by ethic group, and found he was pretty much half-and-half Russian and Italian, with some Spaniard and Mongol mixed in.  It really doesn't matter, in this day and age of mass immigration and melting pots, but it did give him a little bit
should stop being surprised.
“Oh,” Steve smirked.  “I see your game.”   He took his kyathos and quickly drained it.  “No news?”  She shook her head, once, and took back the cup.  She looked at Tony, green eyes unusually sharp.
, would benefit Tony by “enlightening him to adult pleasures” and “helping him transition into adult society”.  It had only been after a desperate plea made to Peggy for her to dissuade them that he had been excused from anything of the sort.  Still, men had tried, giving him gifts and trying to trick him into kissing them over a cup of wine.
doesn’t know.”
didn’t know that.)  But he was channeling all of his nervous energy into his leg, bouncing it at almost inhuman speed to stop from lunging over and pinning Tony to the table.
“No, it’s fine, people who don’t hear are curious as to what it’s like-“
The situation of his father’s bastards was the bane of his mother’s existence.  A few of them, mainly Rhodey and Pepper, had been born before she arrived in Athens, their mothers were dead or gone, and they respected her.   Maria had no issue with them.  Nor the women Howard raped in fits of drunkenness, whom Maria often found crying in the storerooms after feasts.  They respected her position, legal wife and mother to the legitimate heir.
“We're not finished yet,” Thor looked ominously towards the Tower.
universe
“Would you like to serve your country in the most difficult theater of the war?”
would have felt guilty for not helping.  For not doing my part.”  Steve met Tony’s eyes for the first time, red-rimmed but fiercely determined.  “And I wouldn’t have you.”
“Natasha!”  Steve sounded scandalized.  “That’s enough!”
Tony waits.
With an half-strangled “
“’In your blood.’” Tony quoted.  “Are you . . . okay, there’s no other way to say it, and don’t bullshit me: are you god spawn?”
Nat said after five minutes,
.  Don’t tell me that you love me,” he bites through gritted teeth.  “Just tell me that you want me.”
He learns that dragons consider themselves guardians of the Earth, and do their best to respond to the threats the planet faces. When Dragotsennyy asks why their involvement isn’t known to humans, Zoloto responds with a sly
It was probably very rude not to be contributing much to the conversation, but there wasn’t much that he could contribute, and anyway, Fury seemed content to eat his olives in silence.  Bruce was telling them about how he had gone to Kassiopi early that morning to treat a woman for hemorrhaging after the birth of twin sons.  He’d been able to stop her bleeding, thankfully, and had even helped her with the difficulty she had with her milk coming in.  Mother and babies were doing well, he was glad to report, and her husband promised that as soon as she regained her strength and removed the pollution from their house, they would make the trip down to the main town of Korkyra to make appropriate sacrifices to the gods in thanksgiving for their blessings.  With a blush, Bruce told them that the father had offered to name one of the boys in his honor.  Bruce had begged him not to, but the man was hell-bent on at least naming one of the boys Brimos.
“Of course they are.  I was directly involved.  Which brings me to my next question:  how does it feel to be a genius?”  He griped her shoulders.
a small town.  We learned that not only are we not alone, but we are hopelessly -
"Well, you're eager, aren't you?"
,” he gestured at the tightness of Steve’s jacket, “is not going to fly.”
Steve just laughed, letting the unerring tension that he had been carrying dissolving in the acidic air.
“‘Humanity’? What’s that?  You can turn human?”
Steve clears his throat again. “We have to head after Zemo while the trail is still fresh.”
it, because he’s not seen as a person anymore.
scattered the earth.  From it was born Aphrodite, the Kindly Ones, some races of giants, assorted nymphs, etcetera.  Supposedly, some of the blood landed here, and it may possibly be where the scythe Kronos used fell as well.  From the blood was born the first peoples who inhabited this place.”
Tony stood there, frozen, and Steve decided he was already in too deep, so he grabbed Tony’s jaw and kissed him.
But before, it was easier to
He opened a file to reveal a glowing blue cube.
And Tony now knows what Pepper meant, about patience and care, and he doesn’t
.  But, honestly, thanks for putting us up,” Tony said awkwardly.  “You didn’t get much notice before we kinda just fell into your lap. . . .”
“Sure, but a balance can be found, he should understand that you have to split your time evenly –“
He had to get out of there.
Natasha and Tony liked to call getting their nails done “girl time”, and would drag Pepper along to join them whenever she was in town.  Tony rented out the salon, which was really more of a spa, once a week, or whenever he needed to look presentable for a red carpet event, so they could scrub the lines of motor oil out of the lines in his calluses.  They got mani-pedis, and sometimes massages (though, since they had been together, Tony preferred Steve to give him a massage).
Steve looks almost pathetic.  Hopeless.  Despondent.  But Tony isn’t required to be the bigger person.  He’s tried it.
His tone is despondent, and he doesn’t care.  Because he wants Steve to realize how difficult assembling Avengers is.  The initial team proposal had been pretty much just Rhodey and Bruce, though Steve’s arrival on the scene had made the possibility viable.  Tony had just been easier to get a hold of, Thor had shown up and Fury took advantage of the situation, and Clint and Natasha had gone along for the ride.  Then there was the shake-up following Ultron, but Rhodey, Sam, Wanda, and Vision had all been wrapped up in superhuman affairs in one way or another.  But now?  Tony has himself and Vision full-time, Peter on the weekends, and Rhodey when he gets to the point where he can operate a suit again.  But the four of them are not a team, far from it.
“Your loss.”  Tony’s eyes slid closed.
“Heya, Sam.”  The man grunted in response to Clint as the falcon snatched an olive from between his lips.  “How are our babies?”
“There was supposed to be another, called
It definitely seems like Steve wants this kiss, because he hasn’t let go of Tony’s face, kissing back with a slow, burning fervor.
He heard shooting begin, but he was too immersed in the engine.  If he stopped to look, he’d be confetti.
It wasn’t that Tony didn’t
Redwing let out a particularly shrill screech and flapped his wings indignantly.  “Nah,” Sam confided, “I’ll send someone else.  Don’t get your feathers in a twist.”
“Well,” Steve looked vaguely uncomfortable. He chose his words carefully. “I was in for about four years. Just was – ah –
But all Tony wanted was to have the problem
the best of the fighting.”
“Tell me about it.  The island was isolated, of course, for a long time, so it was not quite
Zemo raises the remote and presses the single button.
Comments validate my existence!
He dug the packets of shampoo and bodywash out of the emergency bag (every member of the team had one, filled with toiletries and clothes that were stored next to the emergency rations in the Quinjet), and after setting them on the ledge of the bath tub, turned to undress while the water heated up.
“Steve – “ Tony pleaded, wanting to know where this was going, before it went too far and broke him.
Tony was blown back, limbs flailing and finding a sharp rock with the underside of his knee.  He came up coughing and spluttering, but markedly cooler than he had been.  He stumbled to his feet, and turned to face the river god in his path.
“Howard Stark fished that out of the ocean when he was looking for you.  He thought what we think: the Tesseract could be the key to unlimited sustainable energy.  That’s something the world sorely needs.”
“Well, that could have gone better,” Pepper uttered as greeting when Steve had finally made his way up to Tony’s penthouse.
he might be working with satellite imagery, but the vast majority of these sightings are at night, so he’s not really finding much.  We’ve requested some of the brains to look into it, but they haven’t found anything.”
She sighed, like a long-suffering mother, and Steve heard the distinct sound of her punching a guy in the kidneys.
He sighed, kicking through the trunks, trying to find the one holding his clothing and personal items.  He’d gotten some strange looks for having five large trunks, but four were filled with his tools and armor and pet projects.  He had no place to put them at the moment.  He would need to try and convince Steve to give him space for a workshop.
“DAMN STRAGIHT.
She had nothing but a wool coat, felt hat, and a carpet bag when her mother and Uncle Peadar had traveled with her to Cobh (even if the English had renamed it Queenstown, Cobh outdated any English queen).  She had cried and waved as she boarded, trying so hard not to lose sight of them, but the blur of her tears and the itchy redness had forced her to dig out her handkerchief, and by the time she had cleared her eyes, she had lost them in the press of the crowd.
“I, ugh, hangover.”
The more he watches, the more he can see the bluff.
Tony cleared his throat.
Steve stared at him with understanding eyes, then strode off, naturally expecting Tony to follow.  “It’s a bit of an adjustment, I know.  Don’t think you have to immediately fall into the country life.  Just keep in mind the harvest dictates a large part of our time.”
charcoal and graphite pristinely framed, hung on the walls of the study that reeked of cigar and cognac.  He would sit on the floor when Jarvis would clean them, and was occasionally allowed to rub the damp cloth smelling faintly of vinegar over the glass, before passing it back to Jarvis, who would correct his smudges, then hang the frame back on the wall, over the rectangle of unstained wood paneling.
–“ Steve breathed through tiny kisses to Tony’s chest “- to
“I love you,” Tony whispers between rapid pecks to Steve’s lax face, his lips and cheeks and eyes.  “I love you. I’ve loved you for so fucking long, and I know it’s not enough – “ he kisses the tip of Steve’s nose and comes away slowly “ – but it’s all I have.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“You mean - ?”
Tony whispered along with the lyrics:
With a sigh, he pops open the door, pausing only to snatch up the small black overnight bag in the passenger seat next to him.  He shuts the door quietly, and takes in his surroundings.  It’s the site of a small rustic cabin, located high on a ledge above him.  There’s one other vehicle in the driveway, a nondescript navy SUV.  He doesn’t run the plates, but knows they’d either come up false or stolen.
Rhodey finishes his hundredth rep and relaxes into his mat.  He gulps down mouthfuls of water as Tony fetches a cool towel and ice packs.  Rhodey dabs at the perspiration beaded on his forehead while Tony straps the bags filled with blue gel in place.
,” he spluttered.
“Right,” he said, face burning with anger and humiliation – and rejection, as Steve now knew – and turned away, sealing the elevator behind him.
But yes, he still wants a drink.
“They look good.  Need anything else?”
“Yup!” Jane chirped cheerfully, scooping the gurgling baby up from the blanket spread out on the floor.  Brandt tangled his fingers in her hair, but Jane didn’t seem to mind.  “Thor’s out too; said he wanted to get some meetings and such in so he could be with us all day tomorrow.  The four of us are staying in the Annie Oakley Room.  Bit of a squeeze, but it’s got two beds and we brought Brandt’s basket, so we manage.”
Deciding any longer would be cruel, Steve curled his fingers, rubbing firmly on the gland.  Tony howled.
, if you wanna come say hi or just throw prompts at me.
It’s wealth of information. It’s not the only one, but they are not keeping him hostage.  He is free to leave.  But Tony has always been a slave to his own impulses.  And to learn has always been the foremost one.
Now that he was fully in control of his body and had time to appreciate the man in front of him, Tony couldn’t help
His head was throbbing so bad.  It made the voices of whoever was trying to get him up sound like they were echoing around in his head.
The question surprised him.  “Excuse me?”
Tony sprinted out into the rotunda, fussing with his phone to get JARVIS to activate the tracking device on Steve’s phone.  Signals were always crap in older buildings, but after a long moment, JARVIS was able to trace the location to the Amtrak waiting area.  He jogged past the glowing argon signs indicating with arrows “TO TRAINS”.
“Sh’t ‘p, ‘ony.  ‘e broa’ ‘um,” Clint said through a mouth full of fried dough.  He gestured with his box.
“Why?”
“Why did you do it?  Why?  We spent so much time, energy . . . .  We were building a new world.  A new life.  Together.  And then you blew everything we built . . . everything we built together, you – you blew it all to hell.  For one guy.  Why?”
The air exploded and the klaxon went off.
There’s a pause.  A timidness that Tony doesn’t recognize.
She finished fussing with her things, and stood, scooping up the jar of opium resin.  “Don’t get too distracted by all of our Alastor talk.  We need to remember that there are other things you are here to learn, yes?”
“JARVIS, lights,” Tony mumbled from the center of Steve’s chest, heartbeat pounding in his ear.
Awnings had been erected, shading groups of women tending to their looms.  Others were spinning and dying fresh wool, others still carding it.  A pair of men were hauling down bales of freshly shorn wool from an ox-drawn cart as a woman directed them by swinging her distaff a little wildly.  There were also men shouting as they set up large barrels and presses, for both grapes and olives.  One aged man was shaping
But Tony
, I will melt your shield down to make a car bumper and paperweights.”
Natasha laid down her tools and examined him.  “I can’t say at this point.  You’ve most certainly been spoiled, but you’re taking well to your new environment.  You’re eager to prove yourself, and you haven’t complained
He remembered his own response, his childish voice high and reedy in his memory.
“Not to push a change in topic, but how are you settling in?  It’s been less than a day, but you seem to be getting along pretty well.  They all seem to like you, Natasha especially.”
“You know those paints you got me?  The good ones?”  Tony nods, because he doesn’t know where this is going.  “I was surprised by how much change happened to fucking
“All that I can think of right now.”
“Well, my main base is in Queens. That acceptable?”
“Alright. . . . A week, next Saturday, at the Stork Club.”
“How many ounces a day of this gobbled gook am I supposed to be having?”
“Traditional.”  And he sat down and allowed the nail tech to prep his cuticles.
Mission Control was rattling off some procedure for adapting an oxygen canister to the LEM.  “Apollo 13?” he asks as he sat down next to Steve.  Not
I do it.  I have people pestering me all the time with my rationale.  I’m good at it and I enjoy it.  I don’t need any other reason.”
“You’re not,” Steve whispers, far too softly. Then he curses, because he swore to himself that he wasn’t going to talk to the screen. “You’ve been the most reliable. It’s the rest of us who skipped out.”
“Hydra’s secret weapon.”
Jeremy went bug-eyed.  “
“Sometimes I feel like no matter what I do, you’re not going to believe me. I could tattoo ‘TONY LESS THAN THREE NUMERAL’S STEVE’ on the Skull’s face, and you’d still ask me if it was true.”
The portal was rippling slowly, and in the second before it disappeared entirely, a small figure encased in metal fell through.
, a Hulk green,
Peter cut in, sounding excited
“Be sure you tell Steve that.  He made it.”
The front door opened, and Tony herd the jingle of Steve’s car keys as the chucked them into the waiting bowl, followed by the rustle of him putting his jacket in the closet, and a few whistled bars of Count Basie.  Tony made sure to black out the screens screaming the headlines before Steve entered the living room.  He held a filing box filled with stained manila folders under one arm, which he kicked to the side.
“I enjoy the Irish,” Thor announced.  “They have a zest for life that I find endearing.”
Steve’s jaw dropped.  “You’re not serious.
Tony squeezed his shoulders.  “Like
“You,” but he knows Steve doesn’t mean it in the way Tony wants it.
point yet, but they were living together and Steve was taking him as his plus one to a close friend’s wedding.  It meant
“And what makes a hero?”
It wasn't the most grueling of battles, not by a long shot, but it was taking some time to take out all of the strange sewer goblins.  The main headache was making sure all civilians were evacuated to avoid the spray of mild acid.  And the heady stench of . . . well, sewer.
Thor marry a native woman at home, but he
“Like Christmas, but with more
The man looked down at him in incredulity. “You’re kidding, right?”
“Thank you,” Pepper said very quietly after a while.
Weeks has passed, and the hope that his father would acknowledge him faded with the summer flowers.  Wine sodden celebration dragged on for ages, only stopping to troop around the city to perform sacrifices to the gods.  Tony alternated between spying and hiding in his mother’s quarters.
“And you’re so perceptive?”
“Right.  How did that work for him?”
“Thanks, Tones.  Promise to wear it for my birthday?”
“I can see that.”
It was just so
would.
“You can tell.” It’s not a question.
They moved on to a look at another of those creepy white plaster casts of people, this one of a man cutting camo cloth.  Steve was complaining about how women made up a huge part of the war industry but weren’t allowed to do certain jobs, like run the fucking fabric cutter, and Tony was laughing about the simple humor that parachutes had been manufactured by a company called Fashion Frocks, when a nervous-looking woman in her mid-fifties with a teenage boy trailing behind her interrupted them.
“The firebug brother?” Tony asked in a low tone.
“Thank you,” he says, softly.
He was sent to school not long after he got better.  His father didn’t come to see him off.  His mother leaned down for untold numbers of hugs and kisses, the new necklace she had bought swinging, a center slice of an amethyst geode.
After a quick test, the acidic substance had come back at a pH of two, but it was very weakly concentrated.  The goblins couldn’t spit it very far, and it wasn’t immediately corrosive (though he didn’t fancy cleaning up, but the local law enforcement keeping the perimeter had mentioned some issues with the pipes breaking down, so hopefully their problem could be fixed), so the main goal was to keep the liquid out of his eyes.
He hangs up.
She pulled back, laughing now.  “We’ll see.  But I told Jan, who has
Tony whipped around, but his boyfriend was still calmly gazing at the stars.  His blond hair was almost white in the minimal light, and his eyes had darkened to match the sky as they always did, a clear midnight color of the universe fully realized.  He was still, and combining the strong cut of his jaw and the uniform’s decorations, he looked like a memorial statue of a general lost in battle.
Steve was left to flail his arms helplessly as Natasha looked up the song on YouTube and hummed along.
“Who took it from you?”
Steve shifted uncomfortably.  “Natasha, let it go.”
“Yes, and I'm not leaving because suddenly you get a little twitchy.  I'd like to know why SHIELD is using the Tesseract to build weapons of mass destruction.”
is how much I love you.
Weeping because "Brooklyn (Owes the Charmer Under Me)"
“Really?  They want me in a submerged, pressurized metal container?”
“So?”
“Steve, don’t stress about it. You talk to whoever you need to, and we’ll take it from there, alright?”
She backed off.  “I’ll go see if Rhodey needs help.”  Nat dissipated from the room silently.
They two nymphs ran their hands over his face and shoulders, tugging lightly at his hair and examining his scars.  It was completely non-sexual, reminding him of the way his mother would examine him whenever he was away from home for long.  Korkyra drew his hand up, running her fingers over the veins in his arms and tracing the lines on his palms.  She muttered softly, then began to sing.
“So, we’re sharing with the kids,” Steve ignored him.  “Laura said be careful of leaving hair in the drain or on the sink.  But I think that was targeted at you.”
Again he nodded.  Romanoff reached out a hand and squeezed his wrist.
He might have blacked out for a minute, but when he was back in his mind, he could feel the flow of electricity into the battery and firing up the chest plate, his heart once again pumping a strong steady rhythm. He gave himself a moment to just breathe, slumped against the wall, savoring the cool and the flood of energy back into his body.
Steve looked strangely crestfallen. “Oh. So – so you
“Who’re you talking to?  Wait,” Bucky sat himself at the kitchen table, kicked his feet up and leaned the chair back on two legs.  “Your kids?  I always knew you’d have them.  How many?  Did you name your firstborn after me?”
Pepper gave him another squeeze.  “
“He said it reminded him of me,” Steve sulked.
“Back off.  Give him room.  Don’t touch him,” Steve ordered in his Captain America voice.
Tony’s arms were aching by the time Natasha declared them finished.  Brushing by a clump of lavender, he impulsively ripped off the flower-crowned stalks and sat enjoying their fragrance while Natasha packed up her things.
Could he turn back the clock, Steve would have cracked open the waffle-maker and served up a platter of chocolate chip waffles buried beneath a mountain of whipped cream and strawberry compote. Just the way Tony always wanted them. He would have teased Tony about rotting his teeth and would have ruffled his hair, and maybe would have screwed his courage and finally tried to find out what Tony’s mouth tasted like.
The kiss tasted of salt.  Love and devotion and
Agent PA got up, while Fury gesticulated wildly.
The chamber opened with a hiss.  Hands were grabbing for him, helping him out, voices raised in excitement.
“How can you have so much faith in him?  If he loved you, he would have stayed here.”
“Lovely,” Tony groaned.
Nephalion chuckled.  “Best not to keep them waiting.”
But they couldn’t be. And that was where the heartache lie.
“That should do it,” Steve heard Bruce exclaim from over by the lab table.  “Only two viable specimens, but that’s what you need, yes?”
was an old friend, not Coulson.
“That’s my secret, Cap,” Banner turned back for a moment.  “I’m always angry.”  He shifted as he turned towards the creature, smashing a fist into its jaw.
“Certainly an interesting day,” Natasha observed, downing a quarter of the vodka in one go.
“Just wedge it under the door. I’ll get it in a minute.”
“I really don’t.”
Steve groaned loudly as he pressed along his length, fingers moving fast, spreading the translucent drops of precome around to lessen the friction.
“Maybe I am. That ranting doesn’t bode well. Steve, you okay?”
“Tony?  What
“So too when the hangover hits.”
Sorry this is so short, guys.  I've been having a terrible week (school, and a commenter has been giving me a hard time), and I kind of took my frustrations out on these two.  They'll be fine soon enough.  Next chapter.  Promise.
For of course, in sleep, he’d pressed himself against Steve.
His fingers twitched towards the bedside drawer.
“You didn't come here because I bat my eyelashes at you-“
Tony couldn’t help but notice the glance Steve shot the fresco of the gods in their splendor.  Poseidon, Zeus, Ares, Apollo, Hermes.  Whoever it was, it made Steve uneasy.  “Athena is my patron.  It is to her I owe my debts.  My mother was mortal, but my father . . . well, let’s just say you’re not the only one with parental problems.”
“Oh, Tony.”  Bruce gave him a pitying look.  “I guess I should leave while you try and find Steve a birthday present?”
The sand shifted under his fists.
“You wanna go, old man?”
Steve turns away from him, face scrunched like he’s biting back a scream of pain. “Don’t. Please. Don’t.”
that emanated from his pores.  Something that spoke of
Pepper let her head thunk against the back of the couch.  “I have CEO work to do.  I don’t have time to schedule Avengers nail polish photo shoots.”
“Me?  Teasing?  And what have
“Papers you need to look over and sign are on your desk,” Pepper interjected seamlessly. “No, he’s military, he’s not a picky one –“
“Why?” Tony sobbed.
They’re brown, but that’s not a sufficient descriptor.  They’re brown like soil, like decay that gives everything new birth.  Brown is death and life and rebirth.  You just have to wait long enough.
, stop
The man narrowed his beady eyes.  “They usually send three of you?”
“It’s heavy,” Tony tried neutrally.  And it was.  While perfectly balanced, the shield seems like it would be impossible to maneuver in the heat of battle.  “How do you manage it?”
Steve thanked the woman, and after she left, spent a moment toying with the spiral of lemon rind on the rim of his glass. Tony swallowed maybe half the whiskey, made a face at the poor quality, then pulled his checkbook and pipe from the blazer pocket. He lit the pipe, flipped open the checkbook, and began to write.
, he’ll never know.
good, but you have to admit they look pretty weird,” Tony groused through a mouthful of carrot.
And the metal isn’t solid.  It’s liquid, melding and shifting with ideas, emotion.  Like the heat in them has raised the temperature so high that nothing can be solid ever again, after being subjected to these eyes.
"Don't you dare say that.  You - you always
Steve is still rather tense around Tony, but doesn’t bring anything up. He seems content, for the time being, to ignore it.
The quiet purr of the engine dies as Tony cuts the power.  He sits for a moment, hands clenched at either side of the steering wheel.  At three and nine.  He’d always been taught ten and two, but it never stuck.
With a flourish, Clint pulled a crumpled bill from his armpit.  Bruce rifled through his battered leather wallet, and gathered Thor’s offering.  Natasha accepted the money, completely ignoring the damp look of Clint’s, and fanned them out for Steve and Tony to see.
“They’d let Captain America become an Irish citizen?” Clint snorted.
But like that,
“But –“
Steve sounded almost eager.
She thought he wouldn’t have them, like everyone else.
Bruce cleared his throat.  “How’s he doing?”
“Every city has their favorite gods, and the gods have their favorite places.  No, I get it completely.”  Tony nodded over at the wall behind the throne.  “Are those what real hydras look like?”
Tony stumbled from the room.  What on Earth had
While he might have wanted to grumble a bit, Tony couldn’t argue Steve’s rationale.  “Okay.  But I
“Your place.  It’s . . . nice.”
“I’m not overly fond of what follows.”
“I insist. Really. Does no good in arguing. But for right now,” Tony extinguished his pipe and swung his feet out from the booth. “I’m famished. Wanna try and find a decent burger?”
were at the D-Day invasion?”
Bruce turned to her.  “Did you know about this?”
“Boring,” Tony snorted.
.  We’re in
“Where is the letter?”
“But part of me
, chasing release and seeking
How excited everyone had been for her.  Or jealous, but they would hide it behind smiles.  She said she could tell by iciness in their pupils and tenseness around their eyelids.
He used the wrist laser to cut the pipe holding the Stark Tower electricity connection and placed the disruptor over them.  It slid into place.  He powered the thrusters to blast out of the water, and directed himself through the concrete monoliths of Manhattan.
to know, was fine not knowing, because now it’s sitting next to him on the couch, making snide comments he never would have expected, and he notices how bright that smile is, and wonders if that serum had teeth whitener as one of its properties.
“You’d be right not to suppose.  Don’t worry,” Steve grinned through a mouthful of cheese and bread.  “Your curiosity will be sated before sundown.”
It didn’t help that Steve was single too.  For a while after they had moved in, Natasha had been quite determinedly trying to get Steve out on a date (with Peggy’s
And between safety and adventure? He will always choose adventure.
Steve nodded at Pepper, who shared a look with Natasha.  Everyone said their goodbyes.
Tony snorted.  “Since when has age ever stopped me?”  His tone was condescending, but Steve could hear both embarrassed and miserable beneath the bravado.  Like he had been caught.
A nod.
He touched down on the specially-constructed landing pad.
Steve traded a look with the others, then smiled cryptically at Tony.  “Wait and see.”
And where did that leave him?  His mother had said that Hera had blessed him, and she was picky with those she chose to favor, but stories said she was willing to go to almost any length to secure her heroes’ success.
, Stark.”  And she’d closed the door he’d paid for in his face.
She knew then.  Damn Natasha.
“Could we be any more conspicuous?” Tony whined.
Tony burrows deeper into Steve, and lets his mind go blessedly blank.
And maybe, just maybe, Steve was just in need of someone to share his secrets with as Tony was.
Zoloto guides him into another large room, this one with what looks to be several whole roast sheep carcasses laid out on a platform. A neat pile of bones at one end has been picked clean.  She flaps her tail against a cupboard.
“He’s . . . cute.”
And horny.
“Steve,” Tony croaks. “Don’t listen to him.  He doesn’t know anything.”
She ponders briefly, before launching into the truth. “Most everyone thinks you went looking for your birth parents.”
, working his hips in a rhythm that was only known by the two of them, a song and dance performed only for Steve.  He lifted himself, and twisted and curled and arched, smoothly undoing Steve’s fly, and reaching in to stroke him.
It was everything that came after that was the problematic.
Something lit up behind Steve’s eyes. “You live a, well, exciting life. You have lots of opportunities to do something good in the world. I – I don’t know if my previous occupation is in demand anymore, but the military is not where I’m going to find my place – now. If I’m going to – if I’m going to move forward, it’ll be in the types of circles you move in. I think. I don’t know, but what I do – what I’ve done – it’s a pretty exclusive niche. But it’s pretty important, I’d say. And it might not be a fully realized niche, but the potential is damn well there.” And then Steve asked the question that sealed the deal. “You work
“The king doesn’t give a fuck about anyone,” Tony said with a wave of his hand.
The IA sounded incredibly apologetic.
"I'm sorry, but that's against my nature."
going to hell.
.  To explain to Steve over drinks that something bad had happened, but he’d handled it.
“Listen here, bub – “
“No.”
the guy my dad never shut up about?  Wondering if they shouldn't have kept him on ice.”
”. Tony couldn’t understand why he wanted Steve so much, but in a way he could: it all boiled down to Steve being so different from anything Tony had ever seen before. It wasn’t just the easy “he’s handsome” or “he’s smart” or “he makes me laugh.” All of these things were true, but they could be true for any number of people. It was how Steve’s brand of humor was just something that made Tony roar with laughter, and how his intelligence filled the gaps in Tony’s own knowledge. They fit tighter well, evening out the lacking bits. Sure, they argued, be thus far it was simply debate that left Tony uplifted and sparkling, mind whizzing with new possibilities. Steve did not accept defeat easily, he fought, tooth and nail, and supported the things he believed in with such fervor that it left Tony breathless. But he wasn’t sore or bitter about loss; Steve accepted it with aplomb and a thoughtful expression. And the conversation would not be over yet, because if Tony was to change Steve’s way of thinking, he had to prove why it was the right way.
He wonders what Tony’s trying to hide.
The mere thought of Tony masturbating had nearly scrambled his brain.  Of course, it had to be true; he was still a teenager, even if he was of the age of majority.  While he had been through so much, it shouldn’t have affected his sex drive.  Now that Steve was thinking about it (read: couldn’t remove that thought from his head), it made sense; if his own experience was anything to go by, some alone time was a better stress reliever than most anything else he could do.  He could hammer on all the bags he wanted, but at the end of the day, the only thing that could loosen the tightness in his shoulders was having a hand around himself.
one I’m mentoring, but you’re the only one where it’s public knowledge.”
“Where am I? How did I get here? Who are you?”
“To Camp Nelson?”
(hello, nice to see you too), that he breaks away from Steve’s mouth.
Pepper raised her eyebrows and looked at Happy out of the corner of her eye. He shrugged helplessly and gestured for her to continue. “Pepper’s fine, Steve. We don’t stand on much formality here. I suppose I might have expected to meet you before Tony officially hired you,” she turned her glare on Tony. “But you seem very nice.”
“Just . . . I can’t hope things will be even better?”  Steve smiled broader.
with no shield?  Tony, you’re gonna give me heart problems.”), until Tony had waved the aquamarine amulet he had been given by the Head Priest of Hephaestus in the myriad of celebrations after the Hydric War, with its inscription to imbue the wearer with the creativity to improve.  Now that Rhodey knew what they could do, he wanted his own pair.
“Then skip the spinning rims, we’re on the clock.”
“What is this?”  He gestured to the metal thing it his chest.
been to Athens.  Several times.  But I couldn’t go to him in person.  I’ve depended heavily on Peggy’s insistence.  She’s quite the persuasive one.”  A flash of sadness filled his eyes.  “I mainly went back to confer with her.  She’s quite fond of you.  It would have been another ten years before Howard agreed without her.  And by then it might be too late.”
“Well, they say to take some of them with food, so now’s a good time as any,” Tony yawned, starching his arms over his head, sweatshirt riding up to show-
When it was just Steve left, he asked “Why do you want me?”
“Meaning we can’t tell you because we don’t know ourselves,” Nausikaa supplied helpfully.  Korkyra gave her a long-suffering sigh.
Zoloto directs at him, full of satisfaction.
Tony grinned up through curly lashes, and wow, Howard’s eighteen year-old son was probably the biggest surprise the future held.
and a small pack filled with other food for the day.  With the sun on their necks and the wind whipping their tunics around their knees, the pair set off.
“Only if you promise to hold my hair,” Tony smiled so openly it made Steve’s intestines curl.  “But nah, maybe tomorrow.  Good idea, soup.  Could you maybe . . . ?”
But maybe, he thought as he righted the sofa and placed the cushions in their normal places, he had been reading everything right all along, and was just too much of an idiot to realize.
“Slept for seventy years, sir.  Think I’ve had my fill.”  He went to work on his new bag.
(Fury, it seems, gets that he’s a real person as well, but he doesn’t count, because he only knows it so he can exploit Steve.  And he doesn’t like being used.)
sound when Steve slid back in, with extra lube and a third finger.
He could still be hallucinating.
“Things like what?  When to start the fig harvest?  The day after tomorrow,” Makris said with a gleam in her eye.
(Also, people began to fear a metal hand tipped in glitter gloss.)
He hadn’t bothered to charge the chest plate before rushing to the track. The electrical charge would be lost and he would die of heart failure in the middle of the road.
“What makes you think that something happened?”
“Peter and Maria,” he rolled around his tongue, trying to get used to the feeling of their names in his mouth.  They sounded about right.  Peter Parker Stark.  Maria Antonia Stark.
“Tony, why aren’t you packed?” Steve said, throwing
“Well, I, uh-“
“I’ll make you personalized coffee mugs,” Steve offers, lilting, teasing tone in his voice as he pulled Tony unfeasibly closer into his chest.
But it was charming in its humbleness.  The people smiled and waved openly, not kowtowing or attempting to curry favor.  Their eyes did seem to zero in on Tony, and plenty of whispers followed them, but nothing seemed outright malicious.  Their naked king didn't seem to phase them.
He peeled around the final corner to get a perfect view of a man in a lab coat who had just abandoned a blowtorch for a pistol. He was exchanging gunfire with someone else further down the corridor. He recognized Happy’s hoarse shout and Steve’s raised voice.
“You need someone who will be right there when you come out of the fog.  And, as much as I’d like to be, I
The fact that he was winning was just icing on the cake.
“We are, the model's locked and we're sweeping for the signature now.  When we get a hit, we'll have the location within half a mile,” Bruce supplied.
Steve had never been more jealous of an inanimate hunk of plastic.
“What about . . . Spider-Man?”
The look that crossed Steve face was that of a man who did not get to show off frequently, but secretly loved to.  Without a word, Steve slung the shield away from, and it hummed through the air, ricocheted off three walls where it scraped the plaster, and came back to Steve, who caught it like an oversized discuss.  He wiped at the plaster dust while Tony tried to pick up his jaw from the ground.
“<Sometimes. My father brought a young woman up here many years ago, when I was very small.  She appears in the village on occasion.  She looks no different from forty years ago.>”
“I don’t suppose you’re going to tell me your tragic backstory – “
quickly.”
“You’re lost.  You’re floundering.  You give off the appearance that you’re solid, but you’re anything but.  There’s a saying of being a duck in water – or is it a goose – anyway, you look serene and calm, but beneath the water’s surface, there is a flurry of kicking and paddling.  I
” Shapanka lurched forward, grabbing Tony by the lapels. “
“But what will being ‘together’ entail?”
What bothered him most was Makris’ bit of the song.  Suffering and hardship were to be expected in war.  But the lines about how he already suffered.
had been both Steve and Tony’s response.
Tony rolled his eyes and offered Steve some of his maza.  “I don’t suppose you will tell me just who these mystery ladies who are sooooo important are?”
Clint swallowed.  “You ever been out on a battlefield for days on end?  Like the ones where you need to stop and rest and eat before you continue?  Rations are the food you eat when you’re in battle, or trekking in the field.”
“So,” Steve swallows from where he has his slices double stacked, “how was your trip?”
“I just had someone sock up on nice ones for you –“
“I told you, I don’t want to join your super-secret boy band.”
Steve’s knuckles are white, and if anything were clenched in them, it would undoubtedly be dust by now.  He knows what he’s doing, he knows what he’s saying.  He knows he probably shouldn’t.  But for once, he just wants to have the freedom to burn everything.  It’s been his job to preserve, to clean up, to repair, to fix.  The sour, stinging center of him just wants to be expulsive like he used to be, to blow everything up and leave it behind for everyone else.  He wants to rip Steve to shreds, because Steve doesn’t
“Okay.”
“How is it daring?”  Clint asked.
“Natasha!”
But when
to march into the living room, hoist Tony up onto a shoulder, and take him off to a bedroom.  Where preferably they would remove clothing and Steve would be able to touch as much of Tony’s skin as he wanted.  And have Tony touch him.
“For taking on Loki alone.”
“I’m not tired anymore,” Tony offers innocently.
As much as he would love to blame his father, he can’t. It’s definitely warranted, but the man’s dead. Putting all the blame on him, even if he were alive, doesn’t excuse Tony. No one forced him to pick up a whiskey bottle. No one made those decisions for him.
“Tony, you done with wiping it down – Tony!”  Rhodey rushed over.  “Breathe, just breathe, buddy.  Nat, ‘s there anything to drink?”
They were better as friends.  Tony had Steve, and Pepper didn’t have to put up with him 24/7.  He was happy, and she could be happy because she didn’t have to worry over him.
It made the desire to share the secret of Iron Man almost too much. Because Steve idolized Iron Man. If Steve knew he was helping Iron Man directly, he would be sure to stay. But as much as Tony wanted Steve to share his secret, to be there for him, to be
And Steve’s suddenly next to him, reaching out, and Tony melts into Steve’s chest, and Steve kisses him, long and low and deep, because Steve is considerate, and would probably kiss a prostitute.  Maybe Steve just likes kissing.  Tony can’t question it.
The man straightened, looking shocked and nervous.  He strode over with the boy dragging along with wide eyes, several other children trailing in their wake.  “Mister Stark!  We’re so glad you could make it!  And Captain, sir, it’s an honor.”  The man held out a slightly sweaty hand.
with Tony right now, just sleep, curled around the genius’s warm body.
Tony’s blue eyes are tired and sorrowful and apologetic, which steams Steve to no end, because the way Tony is treating this, Steve can’t be mad at him. Were he obstinate, Steve could let anger dull the pain. But no, Tony obviously predicted how Steve would respond, and is being annoyingly understanding.
It did feel a bit shameful to crawl into bed with the man he had just come from thinking about, but it wasn’t as though he could explain the awkwardness.
“ - whom I
"Holy
He quelled his nervousness and just started pulling his dress pins out.  They were going to be training together, so he was going to have get used to being around Steve, with both of them naked and oiled up and in very close proximity, and he was going to have to do it without his dick getting in the way.
He was already half hard when he skimmed down his abs and took himself in hand.  He kept it harsh, quick.  Purely physical.  Pull pull twist.  Maybe a caress or two.  It served no purpose thinking of anyone.  Stress relief, nothing more.
But the thought, the
He notices things, and it irritates him.
He would be doing his piece from one of the offices in Stark Tower that were filled with leather-bound books, for the sole purpose of charade.  Some bright spark had decided to add an American flag (because Steve refused to wear the Cap uniform), so combining the setting and his ‘40’s dress uniform, he felt like a modern political candidate announcing his run for office.
Steve knew that, if he were so bold, if he climbed into bed with him, Tony would sigh little contented noises and cuddle close into his arms.  He didn’t even want to
Bucky, who had been hovering near the edge of the room, darted forward when Tony presented the last box with a flourish.  Steve only had time to see the red star emblazoned on the side before Bucky was tearing it open with trembling fingers.
“Like Talos,” Tony murmured through his fog.
be gone.  Not like that.  It wasn’t possible.
Steve didn’t think he should be too worried.  “As I told you, war is coming, but not between Akhaians.  We have to remain vigilant and united until we receive our signal.  We won’t be the ones who throw the first spear, but be on guard, Tony.  We can’t let petty quarrels and pure restlessness weaken us just when we should be strong.”
But it is very gentle manhandling.
Her eyebrows were going to bury themselves in her hairline, he was sure.  “So does this mean you’re going to get off your ass and
today?  His head was spinning with the speed of the developments as he haphazardly threw a few things into a trunk.  He had been blessed by Hera.  And now he was going immediately to join an old friend of his father’s, on an island farther than Tony had ever been from his home.
masturbate?”
But that was the problem, wasn’t it?
“What’s the story upstairs?”
It had seemed like a good idea. Who better to be his ally in the battle against alcohol than Captain America? Blindly, he thought facing Steve’s disapproval would be worse than a relapse. So the incentive not to drink would be . . . Steve not being disappointed in him.
“Ah, but you will never see it, now will you?” Zemo gestures wildly with his sword.  “You will die, and most of your friends will die, and I will fly from this place on the back of my very own dragon mount!”
Anyway, it wasn’t far from the Lykeion.
He nodded.
Sitting framed by the light, Steve looked so washed out, almost like it was another of the black-and-white photos that were auctioned off at ridiculous prices.  He looked lost, a relic from another time.
The cover’s worn, the cardboard fraying around the bent spiral binding.  He can’t tell what brand it once was, because Steve painted over it and it reads something about seeing tomorrow shining in your eyes.
“That’s not an answer.”
Still, he be tried to be polite to the girl Buck had set him up with.  She
, Tony.  It was just a matter of wearing him down enough to where he finally agreed.”
Thor and Jane were in their own tiny world, slow dancing as their guests rampaged around them.
Son of the dragon.
Deep down, Tony knew that, but he doesn’t want to think rationally right now.  He wants to destroy anyone and anything that says anything terrible about Steve.
everyone?”
“Thank you,” Pepper chirped, all business, and how thankful he was that she quickly let things go.  “Your mother wants to see you.  And you should probably be dressed for her.”
“Don’t
“Captain,” Fury called.  “You’re up.”
“Excuse
It came from a man who was pulling a blade across his jaw line in front of a grimy, shattered mirror.
Coulson looked uncomfortable, like he was about to toss his lunch.  “A lot of people were.  You were the world’s first superhero.  Banner thought gamma radiation might be the key to unlocking Erskine’s original formula.”
, in the flimsy blue hospital gown patterned with bland diamonds.  He had a tube in his normally yammering lips, heart monitor attached to normally blurring fingers, IV needle inserted into normally unstoppable arms.
“Then what is?” Tony snapped.
“I – “ Steve gulped. “Yes. Pepper got frozen, then Happy. I went to get you, but you weren’t there. But Iron Man was.” He looked up, his eyes like heat-seeking missiles. “How did Iron Man get there so fast?”
Really, the Henry Ford is like the best museum to explain the history of the last century in America.  They have this timeline exhibit . . . . Ugh, I'm drooling just thinking about it.  There's like an air raid shelter from WWII, and a hippie commune . . . .  And haft the place is filled with cars, planes, trains, ect.  Kinda a great place to start if you're not familiar with the finer aspects of American innovation.  It's just filled with old people pointing at things and telling their grandkids "We used to have one of those!"  It's great for seeing the differences between generations, and I think Steve would have benefitted from a visit.  Maybe I need to write "Captain America and Iron Man Go to the Henry Ford", ha!
It hit Tony how much Steve
He doesn’t know where the similarities to himself end and Tony begin.
“Come on in. We’re celebrating.”
“You could say that.”
Tony had rigged an entire system of straps, so both he and Steve would be able to wear the arto-utero in the position a pregnant woman would.  It wasn’t necessary to wear at all times, but Steve and Tony had agreed that they would try and keep it on when they were home at least.  They wanted the twins to have the physical connection and movements that infants usually experienced.  They would need to take it off when on missions or in public, but they had already come up with a list of comebacks for anything the other Avengers would have to say.
“I see you had fun,” a disapproving voice came from the doorway, not even bothering to knock.
After they fell asleep in Tony’s room the previous afternoon, they had woken up after dark with growling stomachs.  Steve had reheated dinner for the two of them, and afterward they watched
Clint stared.  “Motherfu-“
“Yes.”
He draws him active in his lab, dancing around and
“No, but think.  What do we need to complete this?”
Tony jabbed the intercom. “Pep, get to safety! Don’t worry about me! Help is incoming!” He switched it off and ran for the attaché case.
, Tony?  ‘Cause that’s not where you’re gonna find it.  Don’t
The island was long and slender, the rocky formation rising starkly from the crisp turquoise water.  The mainland of Epirus was very close to the east, a distance that was swimmable.  The clouds hung low over the mountains and the hills, before being swept away by the strong winds from the west.  The sun was frequently covered by the thick clouds, and the island plunged into darkness before the strong sunshine returning after only a moment.  The dramatic lighting illuminated high peaks and cliffs, pristine beaches, lush forests, lush fields, ripe vineyards, orchards flush with fruit and olives.
“I tried my best to portray them true to life,” Steve said, crossing the room with Tony in his wake.  “The Maiotian Hydras . . . .”  Steve shivered.  “Give me bureaucrats any day.”
“What’d you think we spend so much time training for?”
The complete opposite was true in Steve’s case.  While he didn’t know as many people, by virtue of his personality and station in life, many more could be considered friends.  While Steve and Bucky had been friends since they were runty children, and Clint, Natasha, and Sam had been living in close proximity to him for most of his adult life, Steve still had a bunch of people he considered good friends.  Thor and Jane; not Fury, but a bunch of the other guys on Crew 91, like Dum Dum, Morita, Gabe; Peggy, who worked for the National Forest Service and oversaw wildfire operations all over the country; Arnie, who still lived in Brooklyn.  All people who Steve was willing to be open and friendly with, whereas Tony was still emotionally stunted with those closest to him.
Always, but not enough to not be there when Steve wants him.  Nothing Steve wants from him can wait, because while the world spins on, Tony is trapped in place, because his world revolves around Steve now, and when did that happen, that wasn’t supposed to happen, but he knows why, and he’s powerless in its face.  The great Tony Stark, laid helpless by a love he couldn’t have.  “For you?  Nope.  Whatcha need?”
and have Peter refute with “How Do You Solve a Problem Like Maria” from
It was rather abrupt, but Tony was always game to talk about Iron Man. “He’s doing well. Hasn’t needed to be here in a while. Nothing too major since the whole deal with Shapanka. He’s doing just as well was a man with an iron heart can.” Something occurred to him. “Shapanka seemed to know you. Where did you two meet?”
WELL, that was positively indecent *preens*
Tony’s eyes widened comically, leaning over the back of Steve’s armchair, hair dangling so much that any closer and Steve would probably be sneezing.  “Oh, and I’m not ever thinking?  It’s kind of my day job.”  He smelled of hot metal, and grease, and orange.
He has sense enough to look abashed.
He groaned.
,” Tony whined, slumping lower into the couch.  Bruce just sighed and went back to his chemical formulas.
A gush of static as Steve breathes out.  Dragotsennyy can see him running a frustrated hand through his hair.
Steve stood up as Tony approached, and some little part of him made an annoyed noise that Steve was maybe an inch taller than him. “How about some appropriate introductions? Tony Stark.”
Dragotsennyy - no, he's Tony - or is he both?  Or neither?  Or do names not matter?  He doesn't know.  He doesn't know, and the answers he wants aren't ones that can be proven.
“Friends!” Thor boomed.  Natasha cocked an eyebrow.  “Comrades?  It is wonderful to see you!  I am incredibly thankful for your effort to make your way out here.”  His eyes twinkled as he assessed the other guests still stumbling over the terrain.  “It gives me so much joy, and means so much to my beloved Jane and myself to be surrounded by our good friends on this occasion.”
“Yes – ohhh
Sweaty hair, damp eyelashes splitting, cognac eyes dilated as he teetered on the edge.
with him, and that she had come to the conclusion that they were only ever together for the sake of convenience.
The reason he wanted to become an artist is something a lot of people have always asked.  They always question how he came to the conclusion that a poor Irish kid should pull himself out of poverty through
They had momentarily discussed the possibility of a surrogate, until the twins informed them that one wouldn’t be necessary.  Both of them had been slightly opposed to the idea of someone else carrying the twins even if it was physically impossible for men, so they both had been thrilled with Peter and Maria’s instructions on how to construct an artificial uterus, the “arto-utero”.  It was basically a sack, constructed in the inverted bell-shape of the uterus out of flexible carbon fiber, lined with blood samples extracted from both men.  There was an artificial feeding tube that would supply the twins with oxygen and liquid nutrients through their umbilical cords.
he do?  Outlaw slavery?  Preposterous.  But, maybe there were advantages to kingship and being able to make laws.
“So, what will we be
Then he is lost in the damp heart of the Hindu Kush, billions of tons of rock, all ready to crush him.  A few years later, the house filled with stone crumbles into the sea.
Steve sent before she could go off on a tangent or the two of them got into it again.
Metal has always been his savior. It’s seen as cold and hard, unyielding, but it’s strong. It’s a constant. Friends come and go, die on you sometimes, but metal will always be there.
“Bedtime,” Steve murmured, pulling them down onto the bed.
“You don’t know better.  I didn’t give it to him, he took it.”
“Megamede,” the herald announced as the gates opened to admit a driver carrying a passenger.
“No, Tony.  Dare I ask?”
Steve closed the door and sat down on the roof, gesturing for Tony to join him.  Tony plopped down, scooting close and laying his head on Steve’s shoulder, relishing the feeling of warmth and solidarity.
“Aw, Steve.  Didn’t you ever learn that love and marriage have nothing to do with each other?”  They shared a laugh, and began to pick at the last scraps of their meal.  Something else occurred to Tony.  “Hey, whether you like it or not, you need an heir.  You don’t seem the type to leave your people with a succession crisis.”
He’s not going to push it. He has Steve in his bed, willingly, with the promises of tomorrow dulling the pains of the night.
Tony still doesn’t like it.
do.  And yet they need to be done.  There are normal people, then there are us.”
She stared at him, her green eyes like x-rays.  Some people thought Nat’s strength lied in her thighs, which wasn’t so.  She could read people as easily as her crappy romance novels.  She’d know and worked with Tony for years.  She always knew when something was up.
“It wasn’t,” Steve growls.
, and
“One of them is my father,” Tony says quietly.
Steve twisted nervously.  “Now would be a really good time to say something.”
“So, are you my family? Or the Grotteumero?”
Tony allowed a bubble of affection for Pepper to well up.  He’d told her about Peter and Maria after the fiasco with Vanko, and while she had been surprised, it was happily so.  She had made him promise to make her godmother (Pepper would be one of four godparents, the twins confirmed) and insisted that she get to steal them for certain periods of time to insure he hadn’t “ruined” them.  She even started putting aside rooms in his houses specified for the incoming Stark twins.  Her enthusiasm was sort of vicarious, but for all she’d done and gone through for him, he could let her play Auntie Pepper.  Even if they wouldn’t be born for another decade.
“But you can control it.”
, or you will end up like that rock!”
, is that I got this.  I’m not the first guy I’ve known that’s gotten hit in battle.  It sucks, but it happens.”  He shrugs, then winces at the suddenness of the movement.  “Does no use moping about.  The attitude in military hospitals is almost always ‘well, bye legs, nice knowing you, now let’s get back to work’.  Yeah, these things are traumatic.  Yeah, it scars beyond the physical.  But Tones,” Rhodey reaches out and taps him on the bicep with a closed fist.  “I’m a damn sight better than you are.”
The shabby fabric of the room was covered by the brightly colored things that went along with children.  Two towels, one fuchsia with appliqué flowers, the other hunter green with helicopters.  Tiny training toothbrushes were on the sink next to Avengers™ kiddie toothpaste.
The old fashioned boardroom reminded Tony too much of his father.
“Not just for Bucky,” Tony corrected from over by the shower, where he was toweling off.  Steve didn’t know if he was more distracted by the naked skin or the
He made his way down to the hotel lounge. It was empty save for the barkeep, a waitress, some guy getting drunk for lunch, and Steve sitting alone in a circular booth, poking sullenly at a bowl of peanuts. He looked up, and for a second, his smile was so brilliant it was blinding.
to recover from mindfuckery like that.”
it World War Two.  The name came after I was frozen.  And people ask what World War Two was like, and for a second I don’t know what the hell they’re talking about.  It was just ‘the war’ to me.  And there’s this sixteen year-old volunteer telling me in monotone about scrap drives.”  Steve let out a half laugh, half sob.  “Like it’s ancient history.  Like I didn’t live it.”
Tony unearths a wooden platter and some carving tools. Not the neatest thing to eat with, but it’ll do for now.  Zoloto lies down and lounges on the floor, like she did in the room where they awoke as Tony saws off a portion of rib meat.  He eats quickly, finding himself famished and not in the mood to question if dragons ethically source their meat.
“Yes, well, death and flowers are her domain.  But I am glad to see that you’re getting along well with my household.  If you help get our fountain situation sorted, no one will care about any personality defects you have.”  Steve winked, then sobered.  “Is there anything that might make your stay with us better?  We don’t have the means for the luxury of the Athenian court, but I don’t want you miserable and complaining.”
“Well?”
“Maybe you could worry about something else instead of
“Well, you know.  Inflation.”  Steve glared over at him, and when he saw Tony’s quivering lips, he rolled his eyes, and Tony lost it.
Even if there was no ring yet, he knew his answer.
The soft clip-clop of hooves was cut off by the holler of “Who
More of the Special Forces agents were following him, but he knew he could out run them.  He just didn’t know what he was running into.
After dinner, several servants swept in to clean up the remnants of their meal, and the poor poured in, graciously thanking Steve and helping themselves to the fresh platters of bread, beans, and game that were brought in.  It was odd, seeing a king shift so uncomfortably under the adoration of his subjects (because they most definitely did adore him), but Steve had just waved them off, talking softly to a few of them, asking after their health.  Bruce bid them goodnight, heading off in the direction of his little cave, and Tony had followed the others up the stairs to their rooms.  Sam and Clint had kidded around, punching each other’s upper arms until Redwing gave a disdainful caw and flew away.  Natasha had kept step with Tony, watching him silently.
He realizes why he hides.
He was going to marry Steve.
Tony grins a tad manically, and Steve thanks whatever god is listening that Tony has always been on the side of angels.
“Very good, Steve.” Tony murmured, dropping a chaste kiss to the corner of Steve’s mouth.  He throbbed again.  “Oh no; much as I love your nonexistent refractory period, we have twins I would very much like to see in my lifetime.”
Shapanka shuddered, droplets of water forming puddles on the carpet from the heat. “Turn it off! Turn it off!” he spluttered.
am the mother of the bride,” Rhodey announced grandly.
He wasn’t going to last.  Tony had been so preoccupied with the ovum’s production that they hadn’t had sex in a week.  He’d not even masturbated, concerned with keeping his sperm count high.  With his elevated testosterone and high sex drive Tony sometimes couldn’t keep up with him.  It didn’t matter, Tony was so much more than sex, but the sex was undoubtedly fantastic.
“THEN I’M TAKING STEVE AND GETTING A HIGH ROLLER SUITE AND YOU’RE NOT INVITED.”
, after all the miscommunication and jumping to conclusions.  They were in tandem as much as they had ever been, understanding what the other wanted before they even thought of it.
He was wrenched from those horrid/wonderful thoughts by the ping of the elevator.
“Cause we can find a bomb.  The CDC just sits there, and everyone knows.  It is the deadliest building in the world.  And by the time anyone could discover the outbreak, it would be too late.  Masses of people would die.  And AIM can just sit in their bunkers while the world turns to shit.”
“I think I would just cut the wire.”
“Megamede of Lesbos,” Natasha supplied.  “One of the most famous hetaera in the world.  She was able to buy her freedom during the war.  She seduces men of power, then forces them to reveal their secrets.  She works in Athens for the most part.  Though she does travel.  She was the one who informed Steve of my existence and convinced him to buy me.”  She cleared her throat.  “She and Steve were . . . rather close, during the war.  You know all the letters he gets from Athens?  Most of them are from her.   I know you snoop.”
Tony snorted.  “Oh, yeah.  Like Captain America jerks off.”  He stopped, side eyeing Steve.  “Uh, right?”
“Do we have to get him get-well presents?”
“You’re missing the point.  There’s no throne.  There is no version of this where you come out on top.  Maybe your army comes, and
There had been so many ships that Tony had counted as he snuck around the ankles of the crowds with Rhodey, more than the Athenian Navy contained, until they encountered a group of rowdy Boeotian warriors passing through the crowd.  Messengers on the first ship whipped to the palace to inform Maria of the imminent arrival of the entire victorious Akaian army that would be staying in the city for an undisclosed amount of time, and to ready the best wine for a victory banquet.
Tony was fairly certain that Fury was one of those people with inroads to the gods.  He had named himself after the Kindly Ones and hadn’t been killed yet, so he at least garnered some respect.  (And with some morbid curiosity, Tony was eager to see if Fury had bargained his eye for something else from a twisted god.)  But, Tony had to keep reminding himself, he also had the blessing of the gods, the
“Good.  See you in a few days.”  She smiled and left the kitchen.
They would probably remodel once again.  Maybe third time’s a charm.
Nothing happens.
Tony sighs wistfully on the screen, and the sliver of ice lodged deep in Steve's lungs grows.
The twins didn’t answer.
“Look who’s back!” Carol shouts as she spots him, holding a three-hundred pound man in a bridal carry as she evacuates a building.
“Okay, but when
Pikas visibly bristled, sheets of water sloughing off his shoulders.  He coughed.  “Yeah.  Well.  I didn’t win.  So.  People don’t talk about it much.  Answer the question!”
, over the rolling green hills and though waist-high grass and wheat.  But at last he could see the craggy cliffs bordering the turquoise sea beyond them.
the boy, Peter, said.
But they’re not, so now he barely sees Steve apart from Avenging, team bonding, and fucking.
“WE’RE GOING TO VEGAS WITHOUT YOU NOW!” was shouted from somewhere downstairs, but Tony was beyond caring.
at Tony.  He wouldn't be able to handle it.
He’s bemoaning the state of his armor when Steve comes looking for him.
Tony breathes, deep, in out, in out, then hits 2.
“Tones, as much as I love you, I gotta say: you can really be the biggest idiot sometimes.”
“No one.  Ross tried to squeeze my balls for it, but I’m not that easy to crack.  Everyone doing well, settling in?”  There’s venom dripping from his words, but he really, really does not care at this point.  Steve hasn’t done anything which warrants sparing his feelings.  “Clint enjoying abandoning his family?  Wanda happy to be out of her straightjacket?  Bucky getting his time in the sun?”
He’ll take what he can get.
He doesn’t see Steve as much as before.
“How’d ja ‘ow dat?” Clint asked through Steve’s pizza.
Steve – brave, beautiful, stupid Steve – stepped forward, blocking Tony with his body. Steve’s teeth were chattering. “Shapanka, you know what I’m capable of. I wouldn’t if I were you.”
“Lever!  Now!”
After they had disabled the transmitters for the CDC, Nat had slunk about putting up surveillance equipment throughout the facility while Rhodey had sat with Tony in the van, plying him with donut holes as he nursed his watery slushie.  When Nat finished her sweep, she’d sent a message to Bucky, telling them they could proceed with their destruction.  Tony had begged to be allowed to contact Steve himself, but Nat and Rhodey just shut him down.
Finally having caught his breath, Tony realized he wasn’t doubled over in pain.  “I don’t know what you’re feeding me, but I actually feel great.”
“Yeah. Just add some carbon to the iron to make steel, I will say it’s odd – “
“Leave me alone, Pepper,” he mumbled into his cup, not meaning it in the slightest.
me anymore.”
He was surprised to see his mother and her women assembled in the room, silent and veiled as they sat on the hearth.  He could not approach then for fear of soiling them, but beneath her lavender veil, he could tell his mother was smiling.
He sounded almost
Tony sped away, not focused on anything besides getting away from the lizard.  Forgetting that stoplights were strung across intersections.  And being caught mid-air would allow the dragons to catch up with him.
when I woke up.  Synthetic acrylics and warnings for cadmium.  It’s nuts.  The textures have changed, the whole industry has changed.  But you got me the old paints, the ones I remember seeing in the store windows and wanting.”
There is no way any of the doors in the compound squeak, but something in the air that shifts, he guesses, and his door opens.  The footsteps are deliberately loud as they enter the room.  Tony’s back is to the doorway, but he can hear every shift, every step, every rustle.
there, not just that Steve’s clinging to any sign of life he can find.
The worst part about love was that it ended.
Tony agrees. “Something’s . . . wrong, here.”
“Pepper, has he ever done this before?”
“I’m sending them the scans now,” Tony shouts as he smashes feet-first through the window of a conference room. Half a dozen people are cowering under the table, one woman trying to get a wheezing man calm down enough to breathe.  “I can take you two at a time,” he announces as he activates the speakers and gets back to what he knows best.
“No.”  Steve skimmed several bottles.  “I think I can handle
Things settled down. Summer had officially begun, so people began taking their vacations. There were a few short trips for demos, and of course missions for Iron Man, but most major business would be waiting for the fall. Tony took advantage of the ceasing of interruptions to devote time to some major projects that needed both time and close attention to gain the best results, including the idea for a new Iron Man armor, one more comfortable, less clunky, and a fair bit more stylish. He turned down invitations to Monte Carlo and Nice, and threw himself into his work.
They were standing right in front of each other.  Harsh breaths came from both of them, and the air tasted like Steve.  He couldn’t tell you what that taste was, but it was Steve.
and the words would vibrate along his spine.
They’re
(They had stopped in Cleveland for a meeting with steel distributor from Detroit on the way back to New York, and Tony had spent the entire evening chatting with Steve in the lounge. The look Happy had given him after Steve called it a night told him the man had figured out everything.)
Steve was running his finger around the rim of his glass. “It might be good if you could have someone around to look out for you, and your health, you know? I’m sure you have lots of employees, but do you have any that, I don’t know, take care of you?”
Tony had yet to find any reason why hiring Steve was a bad idea. Steve was witty and friendly, and everyone was obviously very charmed when they met him (maybe not as charmed as Tony, but still), and had already proved himself unobtrusive. He knocked, for goodness sakes. Happy just barreled into rooms and yelled at him. There was something holding a pall over the full brunt of Steve’s bright disposition though. Tony wanted nothing more than to figure it out what it was and make it go away, because nothing should hurt someone like Steve.
“And if they don’t have cherry?”
Suddenly lighting blasted through the aliens, and Thor landed heavily next to a taxicab.
“Are – are you busy?”  He looks nervous.
, and that’s what matters. You’re you and you’re there, fighting me at every turn, making me think, challenging me. You’re the only one who does and can make it get through my skull. And sometimes I wish – I wish –“
She heaved sigh and slumped on her stool.  “In my past life – I lived you your circles.  I was a slave.  I was an object.  I was
The others had always avoided the room, but now Steve knew why.  It was their space, just for the two of them.
“Yeah, just . . . gimme a –“ he made eye contact with the two others, who burst into giggles.  “Alright, give it to me straight.  Which figures from history are you two?”  Because, of course.
Was Tony getting closer?  His eyelashes were fluttering shut.  “But you’re here now.”
Tony made them pass his package around.  Inside were three bottles of nail polish.  A bright red called
The kid pulled a compact digital camera that probably cost fifty dollars and handed it to his buddy in the front seat.
“Nope.  Irish recipe.  Onions, carrots, potatoes.”
Steve smiled, melancholiness seeping into his face.  He averted his eyes and gracefully sat down, picking up a water skin.  He took a long drink, then offered it to Tony.  He was momentarily enraptured by the bead of water that escaped Steve’s lips, before his tongue darted out to capture it.  Belatedly, he took the skin and gulped some water, tumbling to sit on the ground.
She reached out to hug him, wrapping him in her strong arms.  Peggy’s hugs were so different from his mother’s, but both special in their own way.  Maria was soft, yielding, and encouraging whereas Peggy was stalwart, firm, and anchoring.  He needed both.
He landed roughly outside.  To think that only twelve hours ago, he’d been headed in to meet Pepper.  Now the fate of the world was resting on his shoulders, and the shoulders of five other people, two of which were missing.  And only two of them really knew each other.
“I don’t care what they say.”
“Tell me this, Steve: do you want me to go back?”
“There are things . . . that the gods
“No, indeed.  Well, gentlemen, I think that’s everything critical.  Tydeos, Bruce is seeing to Polites’s family, but if you could write up the important parts of this meeting and get it to him, that would be fantastic.  Also make sure the correct signs are posted.  We don’t need a plague on our hands, Apollo willing.  Pemon, over the next few days do the rounds, make sure everyone is getting ready for the grape harvest.  The figs should be in any day now as well.  Nephalion, make double sure we have everything needed for Kronia ready to go. Speaking of Kronia, Enarephoros, how about we just suspend work on the fountain until afterwards.  Tony, I’m not saying you have to help them, but you’ve volunteered yourself I’m afraid, and these people will hold you to it,” Steve paused to let the others laugh good-naturedly.  “And everyone, I don’t think we need do grand introductions, but Tony here will be with us for the foreseeable future.  He will be training with my Alastors, as well as shadowing me in my duties as your king.  Treat him no different than you would any other member of our house.  Though, on second thought, go easy on him until he knows he can snark back.”
“Which is why he can’t stay.”  Ignored again.
She patted his arm.  “Okay.  Not now.  Later, you and I
“And you do?”  She arched her eyebrow, and he shifted nervously beneath her scrutinizing glare.
Something within loosens, sparks, expands on a rolling wave of heat, and catches.
the best.”
“I just . . .
much older, like ten years, but you can complain all you want, the only people you’re gonna get with shared life experience are dead or in geriatric care.  And I’m not gonna say that age is ‘just a number’, that’s so cliché and it defiantly does matter, but we’re not most cases, are we?
Tony avoids suggesting what they could do to warm up. Force of habit, terror of the unknown, he can’t remember anymore. Just that Steve is here, but not as completely as Tony might want him.
you that they couldn’t tell you much.  It was all about bluff and distraction.  And Tony was a master of that game.  But the rules out here were something completely foreign to him.
Steve stared at the ceiling, feeling the splatter of his release cool on his chest and the sharpening sting of the bite marks on his finger.
Would Howard send a wild boar to torment Tony?  Probably not, if it meant Tony had an opportunity to prove himself.
But he’ll fucking take it.  He’ll take whatever he can get.
“I’ll show you how, just be there.”
He couldn’t tell which one of them was moaning.  Probably both of them.
But now he has six foot two of
– lunged out and grabbed Tony, hosting him up and pulling him against his chest.
And if you think criticizing me publicly is going to help me learn?  By all means.  You are hurt.  But you'll forget.  You don't have to care about how this has effected me.  But it has.  Long before you read this and long after you forget about it.
“Iron Man is incredible,” Steve murmured, eyes still on the painting, and Tony’s heart stuttered a bit at Steve’s words. “He’s doing such . . . good in the world. I do hope he continues what he’s doing.” Steve turned and beamed at Tony. “You designed the armor, right?”
Until, of course, Tony went behind everyone’s back and built a robot that was trying to destroy humanity, even if he hadn't programmed it to do anything of the sort.  That was sure to put a damper on any attempts at romance and put them back weeks in terms of relationship development.
keep learning.  It’s his role in the world.  To enlighten.
“What’s it for?”
As he came down, galaxies turning to stardust and dawn, he became aware of how Tony had positioned the specimen cup to neatly catch all of Steve’s ejaculate.  The cup was filled with a few teaspoons’ worth of semen, and Tony was holding it up closely to his face to inspect it.
“I am comfortable in my age, thank you.”
“Swell.” He’s so deep in shock he’s acting like this is almost normal.  “Can you do this with any human?”
They moved into a companionable silence, Tony dozing as Steve worked on placing a shadow of his friend on the newsprint.
“No, no!  Bathroom!” Tony gasped, but not before Steve had seen the contents of the drawer.
“Violet brings out my eyes, you ass!”
“No.  But you’ve been . . . off, recently.  What’s wrong, Tony?”
“Here, here,” Bruce acknowledged unexpectedly.
?”  Steve hadn’t really spoken yet about what he would be teaching him, in terms of kingship or heroism.  Tony supposed paying attention to the needs of the farmers was something he could improve upon from his father’s complete disregard.  But Howard could have easily sent him into the Attic countryside to tend sheep if that was all he wanted him to learn.  “I mean, you seem nice enough, but Howard wouldn’t send me all this way to crush grapes and olives.”
“That’s enough.  We are
“Five bucks it’s Tony.”
He didn’t care.  He didn’t have an appetite.
didn’t have to get your pregnant fiancée on the can before she ruined her dress –“
“He gives up the Cube he’s all yours.  Until then, stay out of the way.  Tourist.”
“Uhh, yes?”
“Tony-“
He took his time, shaving and brushing his teeth and flossing in the spotted mirror on the medicine cabinet, in no rush to get into bed with a huffy Steve.  Maybe if Steve were a bit more eager.
alive. Good to at least see it with my own eyes. I’ve had the papers ringing me non-stop, asking if it was true that you were dead. At least now I have more proof than Happy’s word.” She turned her glare on Happy, who shrugged meekly.
It was one speaking at the other receiving,
“I’ve come to put an end to Loki’s schemes!”
She held out the cutting board, he took it numbly, moving to spoon the herbal paste into the pot.  She pulled a dishrag off a hook by the sink, and wiped down her knife efficiently.  “Now,” she said, her tone back to one of normal conversation.  “I am going to find Clint, get him to stop dicking around with his arrows, find Bruce, and the three of us are going to exit the Tower.  None of us should be back for at least three days.  If, by the time I return, you two are not at least past the first kiss stage, I will spend untold hours hacking JARVIS to get the audio of the two of you masturbating thinking about each other, and will play it on the speaker system until you do pass the first kiss stage.”
“That was very kind of you, Lorraine. It’ll be nice knowing that someone’s cheering for –“
I could maybe handle it if they said I was having an affair, but they’re making you out to be the cheater, and I won’t stand for it.”
Peter said firmly, but gently.
“Where do you think I’ve been?”
She smiled pityingly, then jingled the kidskin she held in her hand.  The dancers, flute girls and cithara boys, awoke quickly and lined up to receive their pay.  Pepper tucked the scroll she was carrying under her arm and began doling out their pay for the night’s work.  Tony poured more wine into his cup.
“No.  Sort of.  In part.  I’ve never seen people quite so . . . .”
“Yeah,” he sounded distracted, and was staring at the table. “Just not used to . . . that sort of attention. I didn’t always look like this.” He grimaced and gestured down at his musculature.
.  I’m sure you’re all too familiar with us.  Frankly, I was horrible with the flutes, but I could dance and was . . . gifted in other ways.  It’s all over now.”
“Oh.”
, the way Steve shattered the rest of the ice with nothing more than the power of his own body. His nostrils were dilated, and his eyes were filled with a crazed light, like that of a cornered animal. He spiraled through the air and landed on his feet, sticking the landing then immediately falling into a protective battle stance. His voice sounded terrified and lost, but rang with authority:
.  “We’ll be gone for a few days.  Thor left earlier-“
“Sure, Tony.”
“Last year earth had a visitor from another planet who had a grudge mass that
“Put in something about museums and Cincinnati, should pop right up,” Tony said as he tried burrowing into Steve’s hip.  “Pep said it’s in some old train station.”
“He’s still in high school, and is intent on keeping his identity a secret.  He’s on call, if and when we aren’t grounded, but I’m not going to make him drop his life to take up residence in the compound.  Been debating on whether or not to move back to the Tower.  We’d be closer then, at least.”
“You’ll meet Sam later.  He’s probably off hanging out with some birds.”
“Thanks Tony.  Never thought I’d have nail polish named after me.  Either of me,” Bruce said, pulling the lacquers out for closer inspection.
His files said something about ADHD.  Steve was still of the opinion that it was just an excuse to medicate people to act “normal”.  Sure, some people had issues with sitting still, but from what he’d researched on the disorder, it was more about concentration.  Tony moved a lot, yes, but his concentration was frighteningly intense.  Steve occasionally wondered what it would be like if Tony concentrated on a person as much as when he concentrated on a project.
It was more fun than a regular factory tour, not just because he was with handsome company, but because he was with . . .
And knowing himself, he would be the one to destroy it.
sorry.”
A snort.  “Sure you do.”
“You act like I don’t
Thor apparently.  His were
Probably because the stories liked to skip over the boring parts.  You never get the full disclosure when signing up to be a hero.
“Rhodey likes to get the important shit out of the way before dealing with whatever emotional constipation you’re going through.  Second we clear this place, he’ll be on you like wolves on a sheep carcass.”
hurts.
“Who eats things off their face?”
The phasing wasn’t planned, and he’d been trapped, but he still didn’t like seeing his armor in shredded curls of metal. Not really salvageable, save maybe some of the electronics.  He has plenty of backup armors, but he spends so much time and effort on building each one and knows them so intimately, it’s not unusual for him to mourn them a tad.
Tony said “Not at all,” simultaneously with Happy’s “Yes.”
“I’m glad you’re home,” Steve said quietly.
Not even remotely wheelchair accessible, he notes as he mounts the steep stairs cut into the ground, with warped wooden treads.
He’s home. No need to try anything.
While there was no way to create a child from their sperm cells, as they were both men and Tony had been rendered basically infertile after the palladium poisoning, there were other methods that had never been tried before.  From what Steve understood of what he had witnessed, Tony had found that, while his sperm was ineffectual, his chromosomal sequence had not been compromised.
Natasha rolled her eyes.  “He gets like that sometimes.  He just randomly decides one day that he’ll rip up a floor and add a mosaic, or he’ll paint a mural on a wall.  I’m honestly surprised he hasn’t done our rooms yet.”
Ice formed in his lungs, he felt his heart slow.
(See the end of the chapter for
It had been so long since the people had experienced war that they confused Tony’s little quests with major victories.
”  She looked about ready to blast off into the stratosphere in her excitement.
“Who are you?”
“Yes.”
does give him some small comfort.  “Thank you for telling me this.”
Gently, Steve’s hand slipped beneath Tony’s chin, and ever so lightly pressed two fingers to his jugular.
Steve allowed himself a smile at Maria’s comment.
Steve comes home dirty and tired.
“I don’t care, gotta get this for my
But Steve slides a finger into Peter’s plump fist, and the tiny fingers grip him surprisingly tightly.  He yawns, tiny plump mouth forming an “o”, and he opens his eyes.
But no. That wouldn’t do. He couldn’t reveal Iron Man to anyone, and as much as he might trust the stranger, it wouldn’t be safe to tell.
“So, am I to assume that’s your dragon hoard?” Steve teases as he waves over at the ever-growing mound of tech, tools, and building materials.
.  But much the same, yes.”
“He was cold he was calculating.  He never told me he loved me, he never even told me he liked me.  He never heard me, and never made an effort to even
“You talk to birds.”
After a quick Happy Birthday blowjob in the shower and forcing Steve into a Captain America tee shirt, they headed for the kitchen.  Thor and Jane were already there, enjoying the morning with their friends while Frigga took Brandt on a walk.  They’d missed the first round of pancakes, which were being quite ravenously consumed by the guys at the table.  Jane was nursing a mug of coffee perched on the counter while Nat looked to be piling fruit on a short stack.  Thor effortlessly flipped the pancake in the pan and boomed “Ah, another year, Steven?”
.  “Do I have something on my face?”
don’t I know?”
He didn’t seem to be going back to sleep.  From what he could glean, Steve was lying on his back, staring at the ceiling.  Tony would swear he could feel Steve drawing courage to himself.  He could sense the moment when Steve resigned himself to doing whatever he had been debating doing, and felt the bedclothes rustle again.
, longer, thicker, stronger.  Everyone was smaller.  There were colors he had never seen, and it was no struggle to pull a breath.
Tony had been seated at the far end of the table, away from the direct glare of the sun, which was thankfully to his back.  Instead he had a full-frontal view of the Portland stone fire place, with andirons that reminded him of the Empire State Building.  The guide had gushed over how much he admired them, how a city official had “borrowed them” for his office, and his thievery was the only reason they had been recovered.  The guide had mentioned the clock over the fireplace, along with every other clock in the terminal, were mechanically synced to the large clock on the façade outside.  That had piqued his interest, but when he had asked about the logistics, the man had simply said “Oh, the engineer must have thought it was easy.”  More like a challenge that he couldn’t NOT tackle, if Tony knew engineers.
“Well, there are men, there are gods, and there are those of us who are both, yet neither,” Steve nodded at him.
Steve really didn’t know what to say to that.
Tentatively, Steve presses a kiss to Tony’s snout. It’s a cleansing fire, burning away some of the hurt and crud that surrounds his heart.
Tony gently pawed at Steve’s nose, eyes wide like he was discovering a  new element with a high atomic number but remained stable.
He’s drunk, because of course he is, a shithead teenager who just made his first real friend, when Rhodey looks at him, points with a crooked finger:  “Y’ve got
“One of these days, I am going to
Cheers echoed around the chamber as Tony gazed at his own reflection in the blood-colored wine, and for a moment, thought something in his eyes had caught fire, light burning at the edges of his irises.
Well, here's another one.
“Your shell, then.”
They both smelled awful, like sewer and sweat and the hot musky reek of dead animal, but beneath Steve found the metallic thrum of blood and smoky grease and orange cream hand cleaner and
He gave Loki a repulsor blast to the face.  For all his hard work, of course.
“He can be shy,” Natasha confided.
Maybe Steve had fallen out of love with him.
It wasn’t the type of bathing he was used to.  Back home, he had a tub carved from black marble and the slaves poured water heated to his exact instructions.  They oiled him, scraped him down, trimmed his beard, prepared his clothes, and dressed him.  But it was never relaxing.  It was always some sort of front.  Eyes were always watching.
, that – that you’re supposed to stop them if emotions ever get involved.”  Steve closes his eyes, and breathes out through his nose.  “So we need to stop.”
to be better.”
Steve looked at him.
“Really?  I thought big green would have prevented you.”
They lapse into silence again. Steve walks over towards the table Tony is working at, and picks up and examines a piece of the shredded armor.
Steve is quiet as Tony drains his cup. He fights a small battle with himself, because he knows Steve will wait until he is finished with the coffee before he tries to get him to talk. But he also wants the liquid to still be scalding as it goes down.
“I’m assuming.  Light her up.”
He stood up, heavy limbs and heavier heart, moving toward his bathroom to wash the semen off his chest and the sweat from his body and the blood off his hand and remove the taste of iron from his mouth and allow his tears to fall without staining his skin.
Clint was holding a half-eaten box of donuts, Thor had three unopened boxes, and Natasha and Bruce were carrying coffee.
There’s hope, burning hot and bright in his chest, and he wants to stifle it, but it is impossible. After so much time, there’s a chance.  A
“Such a tragedy.”
“Who’s next?” Steve asked, face burning.
Nausikaa . . . .  He really,
“It’s just . . . a lot to process.”  He steeled himself at the worry in his new mentor’s eyes.  “I’ve had an . . . interesting few days.  I’ll be fine.”
“Yeah?”
“Located the Tesseract?”
A groan and creak echoed from the direction of Steve. Tony glanced at Pepper, who gave a long suffering nod.
“You know. This whole . . . dragon thing.”
“There’s not enough time.  This thing’s moving too fast and it’s headed for New York.”
“I’m not going to make that date, am I?”
With upmost care, Tony places the bronze token on the nightstand where it always stays, before he allows himself to be tucked in.
since I had lamb.”
, Tony remembered clear as crystal.
He sighed heavily, raking a hand through his hair and rubbing his neck.  He closed his eyes.  “Please not now, Natasha.  Not when he’s like this.”
Steve smiled weakly into the bubbling pot.  “Someone’s got to.”
Tony reached out and prodded his bicep. “Something wrong?”
“<What is in this?>” Tony directs at Akim, who is focused on the snowy gorge in front of them.
She had smiled, and looked hopeful.
Steve effortlessly caught and tossed the shield back on its hook, then grabbed Tony by the arm and hauled over his shoulders, then half-dragged, half-carried him over to one of the benches.  He carefully laid him down.  “Tony?”
. . . .”
They ended up making out, before "I see you two finally got your heads out of your asses," rang out from the direction of the elevator.
full of barley porridge steamed over a fire.   There was also
They gradually approached the outside, skirting the large dry fountain at the center of the circle where a few passenger vans were unloading men in cheap suits and their families.  One little boy, maybe seven, examined scrutinizingly them from the distance.  In unison, Steve and Tony waved and the boy gasped, turning to tug at his father’s pant leg.  They were too far away to hear the boy’s exclamation, but “-ron Man!” and “-tan ‘Merica!” managed to drift over the still air.
Ilya picks up his coat. “I will excuse myself.  I have calls to make.  I hope you will consider what I have told you, Tony.  Do not be a stranger, cousin.”  He claps Tony on the back, then sees his way out.
He was young, but not. Tony wouldn’t peg him for being more than a couple years older than him, but something in his eyes was old, or better put, highly experienced. If Steve had been in the military, he’d obviously seen active combat, but there hadn’t been much in the way of any major wars in the past ten years. Vietnam was coming, Tony had seen that with his own eyes, but they were still easing in. Steve looked . . . war weary. Like a solider just come home to find the life they once knew gone, and floundering without something to fight.
The logical part of him said it was a good idea. Steve had proved himself trustworthy, and even better, reluctant to pry, which would be nice in the face of Pepper and Happy’s constant questions. Steve was strong enough to carry him around like he weighed nothing, which would be good in emergency situations. He also didn’t let on very much, but something about Steve’s poise said he was permanently ready for a fight, which would come in handy in the case of someone holding the villain of the week off while he got the suit on.
“Good morning, Captain, and I’ve got to say what an honor it is to have you on our show.”
Glimpsing the secrets of the universe as he dissolved, a name on his helpless lips:
There were many benefits to the mental connection parents had with children.  His kids had the benefit of knowing him when he was older.  Peter and Maria would be there to help him make the decisions most important to his life; tell him what direction he was supposed to go in.  And possibly most important to Steve, help him find their mother.
“It’s my super power,” Steve murmured before leaning down and kissing Tony chastely.
Tony was suddenly exhausted.  “Why?” he asked wearily, not wanting an answer.
an easy decision, but he’s going to do it anyway, damn the cost.  Like he’s set out on a journey he won’t come back from alive, but it’s okay, because staying home would be the death of him, too.
There’s no way of being certain, but something in his gut told him that he was most certainly David.
She had always told him that the gods would bless him, that he would rise to be amongst the ranks of Herakles and Akhilles and Odysseus.  That the gods, so absent now, with little love for mortals in these hard days, smiled on him, and held him precious.
Tony stared at his reflection in the wine, darkened and yet crystal clear.  He looked . . . young.  It was easy to forget sometimes that he was only in his twentieth summer, just barely considered a man.  He wouldn’t likely marry for another twenty years, couldn’t become a general without ignoring the laws, could barely scratch his ass without his father’s permission.  It didn’t help that he was highly aware of being the youngest in the room.  Fury seemed ageless, but had the temperament and appearance of an elderly man.  Bruce was likely is his forties, and from the public story, Steve was in his thirtieth year (though he might be older, if the stories of him being a runt were true).  Clint and Sam seemed to be in their mid-to-late twenties, and Natasha was likely only a year or two older than him.  In normal Athenian society, he would be young, but with the upper hand of status, wealth, and heroism.  None of that seemed to apply in Korkyra.  Here, philia dominated.
“Why would you
In his head, he pictured the throne room in Athens.  Much grander, much larger, much more elegantly appointed.  Always busy, yes, but under the controlling grasp of his father.  And here?  Well, the poor were brought here to eat and sleep at night.
The whoop that went up told him the name was accepted.
Where was he?
He doesn't seek Steve out, not the first time, because that would have involved immediately following him out the door.
“A) Yes, I helped write them, but you didn’t see the first draft.  They could have been so much worse.  And B) there was never any choice.  It was sign them or stop hero work.  The UN isn’t the League of Nations.  The US can’t just do what it wants anymore.  We’re a big, powerful country, but we’re not the only one.  Every nation deserves to have its sovereignty recognized.  I’ll admit, we all played a part in setting the precedence.  But we could never operate solely on goodwill forever.  Yes, we saved the world from disaster.  Multiple times.  But you can’t tell people that they should just be grateful for us saving their asses.  The way the world is now . . . if a major crisis is averted, attention quickly shifts to the collateral.  Our job is messy.  But people nowadays . . . they take a lot for granted.  If we didn’t do what we do, we’d be called out for not doing our duty.  We can never win.”
for it to be true, well, hopefully they wouldn’t ask him that.
The man turned back to Tony, and their noses were quite suddenly an inch apart. It became even more difficult to breathe and the heat rose again, but Tony was sure it had nothing to do with the fire, and the tightness in his chest increased.
There he left him; the object of all of his affections dozing peacefully was he walked away with a heavy heart and a hard-on.
“Sorry.”  Steve coughed once, straightened his shoulders, and Tony immediately saw the idealized hero they painted on pottery and sculpted for their foyers.  “You'll have to excuse me, but I don’t get to mess with people very often.  You’re fresh meat, I’m afraid.”
Well.  That’s more than he would ever ask for.
, Zoloto tells him solemnly.
, made of course to Howard, not Tony.  They were certain that a relationship with an older man, or even a
gonna be an uncle.”
A few hours later, Tony was in his tux, Steve and the guys were going to cause an international incident in their uniforms, and Nat was killing it in a red gown with a slit up to her hip joint.  They all piled into the mini-van they had rented, and commenced squabbling over the best route to take.
Steve relayed their information, even if he didn’t understand what it all meant.  Erskine, though, seemed happy with that information.
or some shit.  Pepper.  Pep.  Peppeeeerrrr,” but she continued to ignore him.  Smart lady.
“Eat shit and die, Rhodes.  You’re the mother of the groom and will be wearing taupe accordingly,” Bucky sneered playfully.  “As the mother of the bride I will be wowing everyone in blue.  Or violet.”
“I don’t wanna hear it, Steve,” Tony said harshly, curling in on himself.  “Just ‘cause you’re immune to certain biological urges doesn’t mean we all are.”
Steve smiled into his hair.  “If you insist.”
“He's a spy.  Captain, he's
“Right now I’m in the middle of nowhere.  If I wait a lot longer a lot of people are gonna die.”
Maybe not as alone as he sometimes thinks.
He maneuvered the controls so the nose of the plane was pointing down.
“Why do you want to know?”
“Well,” Tony scrubbed his forearms thoughtfully.  “Pretty much the same as before, except I won’t have to stop myself from reaching out to slap your ass or kiss you.  We can snuggle during movie night and make everyone vomit with how adorable we are.  You get to nag me more, and I’ll have to listen.  And we communicate, I guess.  I don’t have much experience with relationships."
“He’s rather noisy, isn’t he?” Nausikaa asked Steve dispassionately.
, as there were other rites of induction for babies born into the house.  Nausikaa showering Tony with nuts and fruits mean that, at least religiously, Tony was to be a member of her household.
anything.
Tony had gotten drunk.  How he had gotten the alcohol, and for what reason, Steve could probably guess, but Steve could understand Tony wanting to forget the last few hours.  JARVIS had contacted him probably only after Tony had passed out, and was concerned Tony would choke on his vomit.
He let her pull him up, eyes never leaving Tony’s fragile face.
“What’d you mean?  All of this, came from you.”
Bruce deflated.  “Betty would tell me, when we would go to lunch in the university cafeteria.  Her dad . . . she was an army brat, you know.  Grew up on bases.  Said the army fed better than any educational institution she’d ever been in.”
Tony let go with a wet smack, and Steve whimpered at the loss, before Tony worked his way down the sides of Steve’s cock, sucking gently, and with big innocent eyes, sucked Steve’s left testicle into his mouth.
It was all very surreal to Tony.  While there might be many of the trappings of a
, a rich red,
She smiled, her eyes a little icy and the corners of her mouth tight.  “You’re not one for mornings, are you?”
When Tony finally reached his cock, the both let out a low groan, the vibrations thrumming up through Steve's skeleton, rocking him to pieces that seemed to roll about inside a prison of over-heated, over-stimulated skin and ineffectual muscle that did no other work than work the bellows of his lungs and the lightly strung vocal cords over his larynx.
“You know, it’s such a huge honor just to have you on board.”
Until Jane’s colleague Erik decided that the exchange of the ring was the moment to take his pants off.  (To give Clint credit, it did look like he took his off in solidarity, instead of taking advantage of the opportunity.)
She guides him to a human-sized room, with a low ceiling, bed covered in thick blankets and furs, and a large burning hearth.  All of his possessions, pack, MCWs, clothing, even the mitten he threw off, are piled neatly at the center of the small room.  Someone has also moved the armor case here, and it gives Tony more confidence they aren't holding him so that they can make an entrée of him.
“I love you, but that’s not very helpful.”
Tony didn’t meet his eyes, and Steve’s nostrils dilated.
“Lead the way,” Steve said, turning the album over to read the track listings.  “‘Peg’?”
“Maybe we can get one after we finish up,” Nat said in her best peacemaker voice, cool hand still stroking his hair.  “Right now, we need to focus on blending in.  And making sure smallpox doesn’t reemerge into the human population.”
Steve pushed
“There’s not gonna be a safe landing, but I can try and force it down.”
Steve smiles softly and nods, a little sad. Tony doesn’t think he is supposed to see the look on Steve’s face, but whatever.  “Zemo’s getting more technologically advanced.  Bad for us, but also good.  Because he’s still light years behind you.”  There’s a tiny bit of pride there, and something within Tony preens.
was a bright silver, and
Metal isn’t tempted. That is what he must remind himself.
“Well, I’m here to tell you, you haven’t tried them all.”
“Who knows with you?” Steve smiled crookedly, but there was a tenseness in the lines of his smile.  Then Tony noticed the bed.
But suddenly Steve’s fierce blue eyes were helpless, breathing harsh.
He buries his face in Tony’s neck.  And whispers, like he doesn’t want Tony to hear.
“Well, this is actually kind of familiar.”  He gesture around.  Weapons and transport changes, but military discipline is millennia old.
“I’m not
a relic.  As well as he had adjusted to life in the 21
Pain like an iron brand seared through his mind.  Some part of him wanted to laugh manically: he was a constant in Steve’s life.  A larger part wanted to throw himself out the window.  “Earth and me, huh?  That’s not a very consistent life.”
“It’s only your second day here.  Would you like to gain a reputation of being useless?”
“Tony?”  Steve came up to him, very close, and Tony could smell honey on his breath.  “Are you alright?”
“You don’t need to treat me like I’m your kid, Cap.”
“Peter Parker and Maria Antonia.  They’re . . . utterly amazing, or they will be.  I hope.”
The last room was presumably Steve’s.  Tony’s was immediately to the right of it.  It was definitely the largest, even though it was maybe half the size of Tony’s bedroom in Athens.  It overlooked the central courtyard, and the long curtains gave it a womb-like atmosphere, similar to his mother’s, but while her solar was warm and bright, Steve’s room was cool and calming.  The bed was just as nice as Tony’s, if bigger, and neatly made up.  A couple of tables were filled with ledgers and dispatches.  Even though the poked through a few trunks, Tony couldn’t find a scrap of the man’s armor or iconic shield.
His family did.
Tony laughed at his children’s bickering, the rise and fall of the conversation as familiar as the sleek lines of his fingers.
“How’s that?”
He told Happy to pick up his sports car at the track and to take special care of the attaché case, then took a rapid shower and pulled on the black turtleneck and sport coat Happy had packed him. It was nice to get the dirt and smoke of the track off his skin, and the hot water relaxed something he didn’t know had been clenched in his body. And if he slapped a bit of aftershave on, well, who was going to question why?
.  The city hearth.  Hestia had not temples, but in many ways she had the first and most important.  There was no city thought the land without a city hearth.  Sacred and ever burning.  Could a polis truly call itself a polis without a prytaneion?  Only barbarians would have no hearth.  There was a reason why the throne was always off to the side and the hearth was in the middle of the room, and it wasn’t just because of the ocular vent in the ceiling.
“Probably too late to go to the bathroom, right?”
Steve could be doing this with anyone.  Tony doesn’t know if it would hurt worse to see him with someone else.
“So, you’re a healer,” Tony turned back to Bruce as Clint and Natasha started sniping at each other about stealing Bruce’s food.
The frescoes were exquisite.  There were no images of personal glory on the brightly-painted walls.  The left depicted a festival procession with several gods hovering overhead of the worshipers, Poseidon, Athena, and Artemis displayed most prominently.  The back wall, facing the entryway, showed Poseidon again, carrying a lovely maiden aloft as he rode the stylized waves in his chariot.  The right-hand wall, which the throne was positioned against and where Steve’s armor was hung, seemed more like a catalog of beasts, gorgons and hydras and drakons.  The paint seemed pretty fresh, like it had been re-done quite recently.  Perhaps, Tony belatedly remembered, it might have been Steve who had done the painting.
“If we don’t have any available, I’ll make you one myself.”  And Tony had to laugh.
He finds a slightly denser copse of thick firs, and attempts to settle in. He has no tent, idiot, but a portable thermal burner that will have to do.  He heats up some snow, then uses it to rehydrate an MCW.  The scarf covering his mouth sticks wetly in his beard from the humidity of his breath as he peels it away to shove his chicken stew in his face.
“Are you in the middle of a firefight?  Did you seriously take my call while you were in the middle of a firefight?”  He’s frustrated at himself, and he’s projecting those frustrations on her, but she should be able to figure that out.  Natasha, better than anyone else he knows, can read and understand the true makeup of a person, character and motives and wants.  It’s why she’s so good at whatever she decides to pursue.
It slid by fast, and Tony had to grudgingly admit that the island didn’t look completely terrible.  There was an untamed nature to the place, raw power in the sea and sky, harsh winds sculpting the sand and rock into twisted, rippling shapes.  Beyond the strip of sand, harrowing cliffs topped with greenery or fields with vibrant wildflowers dotting the waves of grass lead up to hills covered in woody trees and scrub.  It was obvious that no large animals would live in the wilds here, so the daily worry of the
There’s a smile in her voice, and he can picture it, Nat standing in a blank hall with florescent lighting, grinning and talking on the phone while the other hand holds a pistol, marching forward and stepping over unconscious bodies.  Or dead bodies, but she’s said the days of meaningless slaughter are behind her.  Depending on the seriousness of the threat.
that he ripped Tony to shreds.
He lets Steve down on one of the relatively unscathed sides of the building, then takes  to the air again, scanning the perimeter.  The Avengers are hacking away at the fleeing troops, but they have it more than covered.  Carol is playing with her food and getting mad when someone shoots it before she's finished playing.  They don't seem distressed that there is a dragon flying around, and they aren't aiming at him thankfully.  He blasts a line of henchmen with fire, and someone lets out a whoop.
Her soft hand swept out of her sleeve and cupped his cheek.  “No.  Thank you, my sweet.  He drunkenly sleeps with her once, she begets a child, and thinks herself better than me?”  She glared out the window.
“How do you stay hidden?
Steve didn’t much care for the polish, but he loved what it was doing.  Before, Bucky had been so withdrawn, hesitant to get involved to socializing.  Everyone had tried their best to get him involved, but it had never caught.  Now, slowly but surely, he was beginning to act like the smartass Steve had once know.  More mature, less happy-go-lucky, but more relaxed.  Like the nail polish was helping him unlock that old portion of himself.
He had stood in the throne room waiting in excitement for his father to
They are quiet after that.  Until Tony just can’t lie there anymore, because Steve’s presence is just unbearable.  Steve’s arm automatically snakes out of the sheets to wrap around him and pull him back, but Tony quickly shakes it off.  They stare each other down.
” Steve said frantically, trying to pull him closer to his broad chest.  Tony pushed him away.  He pulled up the gossip websites, blaring “Tony Stark ‘Tamed’ by Cheater?”, “Stark’s Fireman Beau: Has He Found Someone Better?”, “Stark in an Open Relationship?  Not the Craziest Thing He’s Ever Done.”
“I’m not-“
“That’s . . . wow.  I don’t know how I’d feel about being descended from castration blood, though.”
“You know what?”
“So, what do you think?”  He’s not asking for approval.  All he wants to know is if Steve likes his new quarters, that’s all.  Nothing more.  Stop reading into it.
Shiiiiit, sorry I've left this to rot for a month.  I had final tests and such and was just feeling . . . off.  And I want to give this story the effort I can.  I'm sorry that it's kind of slow right now, but I have a lot of setting up to do first.  This is going to be loooong.
,” Happy groused as he merged right.
Spring comes, or so he believes. It’s bit hard to tell from where they are.  Snow is a constant thing, at this elevation.
“Uh, just soda water.”
Clint would have lots to say about Tony’s new fanny pack, that was for sure.
“He’s a bit like a recruiter,” Steve told him.  “He scours different places, trying to find anyone with the . . . qualifications needed to be an Alastor.  We’re rather few and far between, but the gods reveal those they see fit in time.  If they’re hesitant to join, Fury will contact me and I will travel in disguise to try and convince them.  Which almost always happens.”  He glowered good-naturedly at the others.  Bruce had the courage to look abashed.  “He also keeps those others in our network informed.  Not everyone can live here, and I understand that.”
Tony coolly stared the paling Shapanka down, then glanced disinterestedly at the mangled vault door. “Don’t worry, Happy. He was just breaking into the cash vault, thankfully. Nothing important in there.”
of people in the palace back home.  Someone’s always underfoot.  I’m fine trading the luxury for the privacy.”
Makris tapped her lips thoughtfully.  “You have a fate, Tony.  We all do.  Yours is perhaps much greater, and much more terrible, that you can know.  Your time with us here will be what makes or breaks you.”
There was a sudden absence.  Peter and Maria were gone from their heads, never to return.  Tony trembled and clutched the arto-utero closer.
It was an odd choice for a king to be wearing an
“Thank you, Fury, if I do not see you before you depart tomorrow,” Steve declared, “for all you do, and for delivering Tony safely to us.  I am confident now that our ranks are flushed to the extent we need them.  If something arises, I am not worried of our chances.”
“We would get something better, but you refuse to leave him, we refuse to leave the both of you, and I would prefer to keep the arguments with the staff about smuggling food to when he wakes up,” she explained, trying to decide between a prepackaged chicken-veggie wrap or a prepackaged turkey-cranberry on walnut bread.  She selected the sandwich, then plucked a cup filled with chunks of melon and tried to force it him his hands.
“Wa-wa-wait-“
Tony points a jagged finger at his face.  "
“More than likely, but I’ve had to live for years with Tony saying how good him mobile service is.  Has it finally failed you, Tony?”
"I get it, just . . . I'm not used to being bad at things."
"Saoirse" is pronounced SEAR-sh.  Sorry, Irish Steve is a weakness of mine.
“But I always have been before.”
The map that is projected on the wall is incomplete, but if it’s what Tony recognizes, it is very bad.
He fussed with his wedding band.  Gold-titanium alloy, the same metal used by Tony to make his suits.
Steve’s throne obviously got little use.  It was very rustic, simply carved stone dressed with red cloth embroidered white and blue to indicate the rightful occupant’s residence.  Back home, Howard lived on the platform, the chair gold and brass with a curved wooden seat, dressed with purple silk and a leopard’s skin.  Tony honestly couldn’t imagine Steve ever sitting on it unless absolutely necessary.  The Phaiakes and Steve both seemed quite comfortable with a complete lack of court formality.  Obviously, the people and their adoptive king were a good fit together.
“What’s their name?”
“Long story. You said something about Zemo?”
“Tony isn’t moving here permanently – “
“Um, boss?” Happy piped in. “Does . . . this mean we can break out the good whiskey? In celebration of . . . catching a crook?”
.  I may be a supersoldier, but Pepper’s Pepper.”
He flies a single lap around the building, before alighting again on the wall, his claws scraping lightly at the concrete.
“What was that?” Steve asks, and Tony can’t see (there’s a blanket in his face) but he can hear Steve smiling as he spreads a last duvet over the bed. It’s all heavy on his chest, but unlike the reactor sitting on his lungs, it’s a comforting weight.
“I know you will.”
“Mr. Stark.”
Clint fled, screaming and clawing at his face.
It doesn’t seem like he’s gotten anywhere before he has to stop and make camp for the night. His legs ache.  He has no practice wearing snow shoes, and finds himself lifting each foot far too high to be efficient, but if he doesn’t he’ll be stuck.  His knees ache, his hips ache, his calves ache, his thighs ache.  They throb with each beat of his heart, loud in his ears along with the howl of winds over gorges.
It was risky, would destroy his office in the process, but it might be his only chance. He dug through his belt, immediately finding the necessary components. Behind him, Shapanka huffed as he clawed his way out of the trapdoor. Tony was just sliding the last piece into place as Shapanka finally rose from the hole. “And now,
“No.  Not until I don’t have to deal with anymore sad, lonely Steve.”
.  The entire jet shifted, like something had landed on the roof.  Well.  Time to get the helmet on, then.  He jabbed the button to drop the door hatch.
“So, I can phase.”
Steve pulled in a deep breath and let it out in a huff. “I
“Insane enough to burn the building down on top of us?”
Tony turned to Fury.  “I’ve never met anyone from Korkyra.  What’s the deal with these people?”
But Steve can also be a judgmental asshole at the best of times, so hence the hesitation.
Muffled swearing came from a small recessed alcove set into the foundations of the house.  It looked a bit like a permanent market stall, with simple wooden columns supporting a low tiled roof.  Tarps and awning and wreaths of dried poppies were wrapped around the columns, a bunch of storage baskets and jars were stacked around the sides, and there were stairs running into the ground, leading to a dark cubby.  The tarp acting as a door whipped open, issuing a lot of blue smoke and a small man.  He coughed, waving his hand in front of his face.  He looked slightly timid, with hunched shoulders and a burn-spotted exomis that obviously needed a wash.  “Ah, Natasha, you have the poppy pods.  Well, leave them here.  I'll get to them in the morning.  Clint, don’t touch that, it might blow up, not that that’s ever stopped you.  And you must be Tony.”
“No, I get it.  I just . . . .”  Tony couldn’t finish the thought, but Steve didn’t need him to.  He clapped a comforting hand on Tony’s shoulder.
Tony wasted no time, grinding down, down,
Steve sighed and fiddled with his left cuff-link. “Alright. Happy and Pepper are nice, once you get past their . . . bluntness. I still feel like a fish out of water, but that’s nothing you can really fix.”
No.  He knew his mother.  She would never stoop to her husband’s level.
And he had never understood the term “afterglow”, but lying in a rumpled bed afterwards with arms full of contented Tony, he finally did.
Bruce was nice if a bit gloomy, and chatted amicably with him about his work as they made their way towards the throne room.  Clint was odd, but he seemed good-natured, maybe not harmless but not intentionally cruel either.  Natasha seemed to be the most dangerous, but something about her said that she was on her second chance and had no intention of fouling it up.  Tony asked Bruce if there was something between the other two.  His dry response was “Air.”
“Haven’t we all.”  Clint turned to re-enter the purple and pink paradise.
“ – and wrapped in the flag of
She kissed him on the cheek, then called out to Coulson, “So, any chance you’re driving by LaGuardia?”
“A heavy head and a heavier heart
“Where do you need me?” Tony slips easily back into the routine of a basic crisis.
“Kill the reactors!”
it to be true.
“Wait!  Wait!  Hold on!  How is this now about me?”
would likely never happen to him, so they were that much more important.  His family, his
around Tony, giving human company while letting him get through whatever he need to in his head.
There was a body, pressed against his own, lined up perfectly, like matching cogs in their track beds.  There was a deep-seated contentment in his bones, like he’d gotten something he’d desperately needed.
He quickly dumped the tray and the dirty bowls in the kitchen (all of the chicken chunks were gone), and moved purposefully back to the elevator, leaning against the mirrored wall and pressing a palm over the hard outline out his cock through his sweatpants.
Very, very convenient.
The paper trail is scant, and parts are obscured and destroyed, but Tony was able to follow the path. Anthony was the name given to him at the age of two weeks, when quietly adopted on Long Island.  His birth records were foraged, and there were no adoption papers.  He seemed to appear out of nowhere.  But that’s what Howard wanted.  A seamless transition from the real Stark heir to a child who would be able to at least partially fill the role.
He was going to marry Steve.
Tony froze.  “W-what did you say?”
And maybe he notices how Steve’s fingers flex toward him, unbeknownst to himself, and Tony knows that it’s a physical reaction, because Steve is touch-starved and always horny, and it’s not as though he wants to caress
“About one.  There’s a better restaurant open during visiting hours, but the cafeteria here stays open for people with loved ones in urgent care or surgery.  The others are already down there.”
The storm is over.  Has been for some time.  It stopped as soon as Steve had carried him in.  (Funny, that.)  Now it's just hot summer rain, washing everything, blurring everything brighter, and making him sleepy.
“-eve?  Earth to Cap?” Tony waved a hand.  “Something wrong?  I know you got better reflexes than that.”
“I think Steve wants to be the one to have the honor of being your first, though,” Sam said with a wink before flat-out tackling Clint to the dirt.
with him.
“You could call in that.  They look . . .
Makris ran her fingers along his brow.
“Stand up!  Stand up!” the man hissed.  “Do as I do!  Put your hands up!”
good at his metalwork.  Very good.  And barring the fact that the Alastors needed weapons and farm work was known to be so much easier with the addition of metal implements, Tony felt like it almost wasn’t a foolish want.  He
“You see, Steve is the kind of guy who feels the need to take the weight of the world on his shoulders.  I think, because he doesn’t give a lot away, that he is disgusted by the way Howard has treated you.  He and Peggy keep tight correspondence, and they tell each other everything.  Howard has tried convincing him to come back to Athens to mentor you for years, but it seems Steve’s plan was to get you away from Howard and let you develop on your own.”
Steve had opened the door, but Tony didn’t want to look at him.  He instead spoke into the depths of the pillow.
“Okay, so many questions, but I’m sure you knew that.”
“Of course I’m not taking this as a
.  “We can make this a group activity.  Everyone, pick a color.”  He tone left no room for debate.
Thor escorted his mother down the walk (Odin shuffling close behind), and took his place at the platform that was serving as the alter, Loki and his jingling handcuffs at his elbow.
And it happens almost every night.
So yes, he was mentally planning three college funds and an extension to the farmhouse.  And new plumbing, as he took in the claw foot tub from before him.
“I was getting to that.  When I first came here, I was . . . coming out of a difficult situation, you could say.  Steve encouraged me to rest, then after a while we began training exercises.  Teamwork sorts of things.  Then when Clint arrived, we adapted so he felt included.  Same when Sam arrived.  Bruce isn’t one much for more militaristic training, but we’ve included him on everything else, because his . . . other half needs to be comfortable with us.  We’ve tried it a few times with the other guy, and it seems to work.”
.  We shear the sheep about three times a year to prevent them from overheating, and we’re winding up the summer shearing.  And of course wheat in the summer and winter, and barley in the spring and autumn, on a rotation of fields.  The sea keeps the temperatures down so we can farm year-round, though we get lower yields in the colder months.  We use olive pomace to fertilize the fields.”  Steve stopped short as they entered the quiet house.  “I’m boring you, aren’t I?”
Steve breaks himself away from the recording.  Steeling himself.
His temper has run short. “Because I’m allowed to visit my family?  Do I need to get permission for that, huh, Steve?”
“Since we’ve had sex.  Yeah.  Sorry about that.”  Steve strolled over to the bureau, rubbing a rapidly-fading bruise on his neck.  “But I don’t know about you, but I’ve just been exhausted these past few days.  They’re running me ragged, with the whole CDC thing, and you know Hydra never really dies.  Guess I need to start burning everyone that I take down, hmmm?”  He grinned tiredly at Tony, then his face fell.  “What’s wrong?  Tony.”
I’m . . . trying get this back underway.  No promises my muse won’t take off again.  I have also edited the previous chapters a bit, to keep in line with new discoveries in my research.
“Before? What, you’re never going to be in one of those moods ever again?”
“That’s wonderful, doll. Win this for me.” She placed a wet, smacking kiss an inch from his mouth, no doubt leaving red tracks on his cheek. “We’ll be sure to celebrate later, yeah?”
“Tony, go to sleep,” Steve orders, voice muffled from where he has buried his face in Tony’s hair.
Steve looked at Romanoff, who nodded her approval.
But he was ready to go home.  The persistent ache that attacked when he heard his children’s voices, he wanted it gone.  As much as it comforted him to have them in his head, he wanted to see them.  Hold them.  He had been taught so much by them.  He now wanted to teach them just as well.
“Would a geographic breakdown help?”  At Tony’s wordless nod, Steve began to gesture with large sweeps of his arms.  “We call the lagoon Chalikiopoulou.  Within it is Hyllaikos Harbor.  That’s where you landed yesterday, and where most ships land.  It opens into the Gulf of Korkyra.  To the north of the peninsula is the Bay of Garitsa.  The fishermen use the beach, and call it Alkinoos Harbor.  We’re discussing the possibility of making Alkinoos the commercial harbor, and Hyllaikos would be kept for military purposes.  It’s going to be difficult, though I believe the strategic benefits make it worthwhile.  The town of Korkyra is here, and up along the coast to the north is Kassiopi, the only other place that can claim to be anything more than huts crowded together.  We’re headed up that way, towards Mount Kratos.”  Steve pointed at the tallest peak of the northern mountain range.  “You can see the entire island, and the coastline to the east, from the top.  We might even see Italy today.  Visibility’s good.”
“Stark refused to allow me to peruse my
“Mmm-hmm,” Tony said through a mouth full of Giuseppe’s cheese and tomato. “ ‘as ‘onna justh eat sumthin’ out ov’a can, or ah TV dinna or sumthin’.” He swallowed, and the cheese burned his throat. “Thank you.”
“Captain America! Welcome, welcome!  To the place of your demise!” Zemo calls as Tony lets Steve down at the site.  The crazy German has commandeered one of the decrepit factories in Queens for today’s spectacle.
get to plan the honeymoon.”
Tony had helped make that shield.  The smith who only Tony could see had hammered the smooth, shallow dome of silver metal.  Tony had been allowed to hold the tongs while he’d gazed in wonder at the metal he couldn’t identify in the slightest.  He’d begged and pleaded to know which metal he was using or who he was making it for, but the smith had only smiled cryptically.
“I get it, you’re older than me,
(See the end of the chapter for
Steve can figure out motives and desires in battle, can read an enemy’s playbook through their eyes.  He’s almost as good as Natasha in that respect, but when it leaves the cold world of calculation and enters the turbulent realm of emotion and heart, he’s still very lost.
Steve turned to Tony, blue eyes inhumanly bright.  Like he was gauging what Tony was capable of.  “I think you have the necessary components to be a great hero, like those of old.  But individuals won’t work this time around.  We need a team of heroes this time.  I guess what I’m asking,” Steve stopped at the top of the stairs, turned and leaned against the wall.  Confident and absolutely gorgeous.  And holding Tony’s future in his hand.  “Are you willing to join us?”
Steve signed heavily.  “I guess that means we’re dismissed.  But, time for us to be headed home anyway.”
“Peggy?” Clint asked.
“Ah.” It’s still nothing to go on.
“Is this a whispering fountain?” Tony looked over at the other side of the rotunda, where Steve was stationed at the other basin.  He waved.
The hill where they are cloistered overlooks a dull concrete complex in Manitoba. The team’s orders are to make havoc so Tony can get inside and dig up whatever Zemo’s hiding.  Routine.
But there
“He asked to be put on ice until the time comes when we can cure his brainwashing.”
if you had someone, too.”
Groaning, Tony pulled himself from under the blanket and went for the steamy water.  He used a spare bit of cloth to rub the heated water around, then oiled his skin and hair and dabbed perfume on his neck.
“What, don’t trust me?” Tony teased.
“<It keeps you warm in the mountains. But you had my wife leave out the best part.>”  Akim’s tone is joshing and light, but curious of his wealthy passenger.
“Didn’t really go his way, did it?”
“Oh, my brother would have appreciated these cosmetics!  Possibly, he would have demanded his own set!” Thor boomed.
“Even if I clear the rotors, this thing won't re-engage without a jump.  I'm gonna have to get in there and push.”
“And you want me – to be part of your family,” Tony finished.
, but my ass it still sore.  And I have more class than to take some guy’s virginity on a couch,” Tony griped.  Steve just closed his eyes and breathed through this nose as Clint let out a surprised victory whoop.
Tony fled, with the coffee, limping slightly, and all Steve could was rush off to change and get his shield.
And it all came together.  He’d gotten blackout drunk at his pre-eighteenth birthday party last night, to avoid finding out whether or not voices would bother him in the morning.
“That, and help us get to the bottom of whatever he’s searching for,” Carol tells him. “Even if we cut off his avenues, he’s still after . . . whatever’s there.  We don’t know what it is, but if we can get to it before him . . . .”  She looks over at him and freezes.  “You know what he’s looking for, don’t you?”
“Steve gives them shelter in the main hall at night.  Though they’ll be waiting a bit longer tonight,” Natasha supplied.
“Alright,” the man huffed and – good
Tony turned to the light on the wall. Long short short short pause. Code B. Armed intruders. Better than Code A, nuclear threat, but still unwelcome. The intercom buzzed, ringing out with Pepper’s voice, made rough by the transmission. “
“JARVIS, where is everyone?”
As they crossed through the palace gate, a redheaded woman in a black peplos darted forward, holding a linen sheet, which she artfully draped it around the cage of Steve’s chest and pulled the ends over his shoulder.  Obviously rote for him, Steve held the front as the woman quickly fastened it with a simple round sliver
“Well, it smells delicious at any rate.”
There isn’t anything he can put on that will eradicate the chill deep in his bones.
“Tryin’ to get me back in the world?”
It wasn’t
His smile lessened a millimeter of tension.
“I already sent Happy to get them. Shit, is Tony okay? I completely forgot. Happy was showing me some the exit routes through the basement, and we came across him, but I’m supposed to be guarding
There’s only three of them here.  Vision drifts around rather listlessly, his childlike obsession with learning about the world gone.  Rhodey has thrown himself into his recovery regimen with gusto, and Tony follows him around, helping where he can, which is a lot.  He has a newfound respect for all that Rhodey did to take care of him in college.  He never thought he’d be helping Rhodey with bathing.  It was always the other way around.
