This is your fault
Anna claps her hands together, almost like she’s praying, and holds them in front of her mouth and nose for a second before bringing them back down and giving Castiel a hopeful smile. “You still run, right, Castiel?”
“I’m practically an entire shadow, Dean.”
, but there it is, Castiel and the man—Gabriel, apparently—hugging like they hadn’t seen each other in decades.
It’s quiet, so quiet that Dean barely catches it, but he’s pretty sure he hears Cas answer with something along the lines of, “I don’t think you’ll have to worry about that.”
kin’s house, and have them believe we’re true-blue friends who don’t even know your first name?”
All that was missing from the whole scene was a fucking record scratch.
. “Yeah, we don’t—
punched him in the face! Dean, he’s gonna have that shiner for weeks.”
“I’m not crazy,” Novak says, and that has Dean freezing mid-sentence.
“The famed Lisa Braeden?” he asks, taking her hands in his.
“So, what kind of stuff you got picked out for Sammy and Jess?” he asks once he’s finished the last of the cannoli, reaching for the folder and flipping it open. He’s greeted with a wide array of lists of cakes, cupcakes, and cookies, each with mouthwatering pictures to go along with them. Lemon cream, chocolate trifle, vanilla with raspberry filling--it all sounds like the makings for a perfect afternoon food coma, and Dean can’t wait to get started. “Jesus, these look good,” he says, more to himself than Castiel. “Glad I don’t have to choose.”
The guy smiles, wide and gummy and genuine, and traces his thumb along Dean’s cheekbone for a second before turning around and walking away.
“I, uh, I’m sorry,” she stammers. “Could we, um, if it’s not too much trouble, could we get a picture with you?”
“Y’know, crew gets access to all the pictures taken every night,” Dean says casually, and Cas’ stomach flips at the idea of Dean seeing the goddamn fool he’d made of himself just a few hours earlier. It’s almost worse than the fact that he’s already seen the stupid photo sitting on the countertop between them.
kissing Dean had been incredible, but actually doing so? Cas can’t think of anything else he’d rather do. Dean’s warmth next to him, in his mouth, in his heart, is worth losing every job for the rest of his life, because at least he’d be able to come home to the person he feels safest with. The person who cares so much for people that he’d spend all his free time protecting them.
He should delete them; the season is over, there’s no reason he needs them anymore. It’s not like he’s going to watch them again.
Cas flushes and hopes that Dean can't see. "I don't know that much."
“Well, well, well,” the voice says, smooth and crackling with energy. “If it ain’t the midwest’s newest golden boys.”
No, he’s really not, but he doesn’t want to tell Dean that. They’ve only been running for a few minutes today during a rare late afternoon run, and Cas’ shins are on fire. They started out at a dull throb, but the pain had escalated quickly, and Cas thought that he had it under control, but apparently not.
of those things.”
“It’s one of the only scripted shows I’ve ever enjoyed,” Cas answers simply, and Dean raises his eyebrows, impressed.
“Cas, come on…”
"Undecided," Dean says proudly. "I kinda like writing, but my dad wants me to do business. You?"
The woman smirks at him, one hand on her hip, the other carrying a dusty guitar case. She’s wearing a light, flowing deep purple dress and a black leather vest with matching boots. “Long time no see, Slim.”
“Two: just one game.”
“Then what
“I...do you have a tray?”
“Yeah.” Cas is silent for a few more seconds, staring up at the clouds and feeling suddenly guilty for being able to see them before adding, “I’m sorry, Dean.”
, Cas would be ecstatic, but right now it’s all he can do to keep his breakfast down.
“Dean, what are you doing?” he asks quietly.
“You were the masked vigilante who flipped me off.”
She sighs dramatically. “Mmm...oh, there it is.
“I, uh, hey,” Dean falters, pocketing his phone and craning his neck to see behind Cas.
He says it like it’s the easiest thing in the world to describe. Cas’ cheeks are on fire, and he tries hard to swallow around the lump of anxiety that’s formed in his throat.
This is all riding on him; the music won’t start until he gets his ass in gear. He shakes his hands out, bounces on his toes for a few seconds, and, grinning in spite of himself, extends his arm and takes a step forward.
Cas rolls his eyes, but hands Dean his phone and takes a few steps closer to the umbrellas. “There isn’t a pose I have to do, is there?” he asks, thinking of the countless cringe-worthy Instagram posts he’s seen of people trying to hold up the Leaning Tower of Pisa or balancing the Washington Monument on their palm.
Dean takes the lead and Cas follows him back down the hallway and into the kitchen. He watches the confident, easy way Dean walks, how his hand ghosts along walls and door frames until they make it to the kitchen. The more he watches, the more Cas is fascinated by the way Dean moves, gliding his hand across the countertops until his hand comes into contact with the bags of groceries Sam had set down.
Her face falls, and she looks like she’s about to argue, but decides otherwise at the last second. “Fair.”
“You are my sunshine,” he murmurs, stroking his fingers slow and gentle through Cas’ short hair, “my only sunshine. You make me happy when skies are gray. You’ll never know, dear, how much I love you. Please don’t take my sunshine away.”
“Hey, you think you could sneak in a little…” The voice falls away as its owner pretends to jab something into his own side. “C’mon, he’ll be so beat up by the time Alistair finishes with him, no one will have even noticed you started the party!”
Dean chuckles and pats him awkwardly on the back before stepping away. “Good going,” he says to the both of them, running a hand through his hair and letting himself take a deep, relieved breath he hadn’t realized he’d been holding.
“Wait, you’re not going?” Cas asks, trying and failing to keep the surprise out of his voice.
It’s a week later, and as Dean lays sprawled out over Sam and Jess’ couch absentmindedly stuffing fake flowers into tiny wicker baskets that will serve as centerpieces, he’s still trying to figure out how to get Castiel out of his head.
goddamn fault,” he says without moving. Cas stares at him, his heart sinking deep into his stomach.
Billie snaps her fingers. “
Anna pulls out a chair, taking a seat at Cas’ tiny dining room table. “You really like him, don’t you?” she asks softly.
punch him this time, then turns back to the house that had been more of a home to both Winchester boys than their own place back in Lawrence. It’s exactly like he remembered it, like it’d been plucked right out of his memories. The deep blue paint worn down by weather, sun, and dust; the dilapidated front porch with the wicker rocking chair; the crooked window that had had to be replaced three times before Sam and Dean had learned not to play ball in the front yard. Dean’s not close enough to see yet, but he’s practically positive that the cobwebs bunched up in every corner are still intact too.
“Yes,” Castiel says as Sam and Jess lean closer together to study the folder. Dean looks up and he catches Castiel looking at him instead of Sam and Jess; Castiel averts his eyes quickly when Dean’s lock with his. “Let’s get started.”
Of course, it had been the idea of his oldest (and arguably, most immature) brother to have everyone spend the night at his place to make things easier when it came to getting to the airport and catching flights in just a few short hours. Cas had been expecting to arrive and subsequently crash, but after being in his house for just a few minutes, it’s clear that Gabriel had been planning an entire goddamn shindig.
“Is that a real UNO card?” Sam asks from behind him.
“Son of a
“Hell if I know,” Bobby says. “But I ain’t about to stick my nose up at free money.”
“Here.” Cas stays still, waiting until he feels Dean behind him. Dean wraps his arms around Cas’ waist and rests his chin on Cas’ shoulder before planting a soft kiss on his neck.
The runners in front of them startle like a couple of pigeons and immediately veer off to the side. Cas calls out a hurried thank you, and he hears Dean laugh.
. They curl up on Dean’s couch after dinner and Dean queues the show up on Netflix.
“Be my guest, Lilith,” he says. “Lemme know if you need a recommendation for a good artist. I know a guy.” She’s got nothing to say to that, and Dean turns his attention back to the rest of the class, waving his chalk around like a wand. “Now, the rest of you—gimme some of your favorites.”
Dean is going to see that Cas liked his photo.
Cas was expecting something more dramatic, like sunsets on the beach down at the Cape, the way the sun glints off the Prudential on a summer day, snow lining the branches of trees in the Common, that kind of thing. Not comics.
“I hope everything’s okay,” Hannah says worriedly.
“We good?”
“Christ, Castiel, the mystery of why you’re so uptight all the time could be solved with a simple fuck from the wonderful Dan Westchester.”
Dean nods. "I'm reading this book right now—well, it's just a short story, I guess—but it's called 'CivilWarLand in Bad Decline,' and it's so fuckin' cool. It's got ghosts and soldiers and gangs, and it's so weird, but so cool."
The stitch in Dean’s side is getting worse by the second, but he can’t stop. Not now, not when they’re so close; he
Cas nods. “We’re studying the impact of art and culture on the 1960s, and I thought the students would enjoy something a bit more relaxed to end class before the weekend.”
Cas has never been good at offering support in times of crisis; no matter how hard he tries, he always leaves feeling like he did more harm than good. Although Dean hasn’t even approached him about the subject--and he likely never will--Cas still finds himself wondering what he would say if he opened his door one night to a tearful Dean Winchester.
Twigs,
"He's all right, little bit of a control freak, though."
“Forget it.”
"I…never thought of it that way, but yes, I guess so."
“I’m sure you’re overreacting,” Anna says.
think he's crazy?” Dean snaps. Sam opens his mouth to respond, but before he can, Dean continues. “He’s not,” he says firmly, almost immediately jumping on the defensive for Cas and wondering why the hell he’s even doing so. Sam’s right, he
Dean stays silent, but Castiel can see the way his body has stiffened, and it makes him want to get up and leave, pretend he was never in the Winchester house, before he causes more damage.
“Dean Winchester, you here?”
The familiar warmth and comforting scents of baking pastries welcome Dean as he pushes open the door into the bakery, the bell jingling once more. The bakery is crowded today; all of the little cafe tables are full of customers enjoying whatever piece of perfection Castiel had undoubtedly brought to life, and there’s a soft soundtrack of jazz music playing in the background. The open, relaxed atmosphere makes for an inviting place to come and spend a few hours, and it seems as though most people are doing just that.
“This is cool,” Dean says softly. “Nice. I mean, it feels nice, y’know? We should run here more often. Or, y’know, just come here to hang out.” He cheeks go pink at the suggestion, and Cas leans over and kisses Dean’s cheek softly with a small laugh.
“Uniform?” Cas repeats.
“This is yours,” he says quickly, shoving the folder toward the two of them. “Go nuts.”
He turns back toward the road, waits until he feels Sam’s presence at his side before speaking. “So,” he says, using his hand to shade his eyes, “back to square one, Sammy. No money, no car.”
The saturation and heat from the water is already wisping up toward the ceiling as Castiel rubs shampoo through his hair. He holds his hands out in front of him, palms up, and watches as the suds run between his fingers until his hands are clean again. For a second, he doesn’t know why, but he wonders if Dean used to do this, when he could see. Or if maybe he still does.
Dean stares at him. “Jesus, I take it you’re not one for spontaneity, then, huh?”
jump at how good Dean looks when his tongue darts out to wet his lips.
being the key word, because as it is, Dean’s stuck next to Novak for ten hours a day, listening to him make noises that’re nothing short of obscene as he works. Dean tries to focus—really, he does—but when one of the most handsome men he’s ever seen is just standing there looking like
Cas and Charlie are motionless. After a few seconds, Charlie reaches out and absently smacks Cas’ arm.
Dean huffs. They’re right, he knows they’re right, but
“Hey, who’re you supposed to be dating here, him or me?”
“That’s not…you don’t
Cas bristles when Dean mentions the name of the season’s villain and Dean’s arch-nemesis, a cocky, homophobic plastic surgeon with an unbearable voice and even more unbearable social media presence.
Castiel can feel his cheeks burning with the bluntness of Balthazar’s statement, but instead of a rebuttal or dismissal, he says, “Dean Winchester.”
Castiel is quick to get off at the next stop.
“There isn’t even a sign,” Cas says.
Dean doesn’t break eye contact as he pushes his chair away from the table and gets to his feet. He’s trying so hard to look pissed off, but Cas doesn’t miss the way he can’t stop his lips from quirking up every so often as he heads for the door.
Cas leans into the warmth of Dean’s body, comforted by Dean’s hand squeezing his shoulder. They stay that way, frozen for a few seconds, until Aiden’s dad glances down at the phone before walking over to hand it back to Cas.
Sam motions for Castiel to follow him, and he does. They make their way to the front of the couch, and Castiel’s breath nearly catches in his throat at the sight of his partner. Dean Winchester, actual real life in the flesh Dean Winchester, is already living up to Castiel's thoughts about his name. The man is sprawled out on the couch, his socked feet kicked up on the coffee table and crossed at the ankles. Castiel lets his eyes quickly roam over the bow of Dean’s legs, his jeans loose but well-fitting, which actually seems to describe Dean’s entire outfit. His faded flannel shirt is rolled up to the elbows, and Castiel forces his knees not to buckle. He’s got one hand wrapped around a beer, the bottle dripping condensation onto the fabric of the couch. He reminds Castiel of a campfire, he looks...rustic. Like he's tough, but also warm, like there's a spark of mischief in him.
“No, Balthazar.”
“Sorry,” Garth says, spinning the bottle of hairspray between his fingers like a sharpshooter before tucking it back into his supply belt and grabbing a small sponge. “Time is of the essence right now. Word is your partner’ll be here any minute. Just a few more things to fix up here...”
“See?” Novak asks. “Another way.”
Cas stares at him disbelievingly. “You’re telling me that you run on a diet of what, cheeseburgers and bacon?” He’s not sure if he’s more amazed at the fact that Dean can run with that kind of diet, or the fact that none of the greasy, fatty food--absolutely
“Baby bro, you haven’t even—”
The bartender grins at him, casual with a hint of suspicion, before turning to Cas. “Good to meet you, Cas,” he says, transitioning seamlessly to English as he holds his hand out for a shake. “Manuel.
. He likes it, it has a nice ring to it.
“Maybe later.” Alistair leans down and grips Winchester’s jaw hard between his fingers. “You’re going to be worth a pretty penny, Mr. Winchester,” he says, tilting Winchester’s face from left to right as the boy struggles against him. “I’m sure your friends across the River are dying to get you back. Literally.” He releases Winchester’s jaw, and Cas watches as those green eyes of Winchester’s widen, a bit of panic starting to well up in them.
Spending the majority of each day with someone who hates him isn’t how Cas would choose to spend his time, and being forced to do so is a nightmare for his anxiety. He and Winchester spend the time awkwardly staring at nothing--and sometimes with passing glances at each other every so often, Cas has come to notice--and occasionally Winchester will throw some kind of barbed remark Cas’ way, but otherwise, things are only one word: boring.
He rolls his eyes. “My thoughts exactly.”
“You never told me that,” Cas says quietly, wondering what his reaction would have been even if Dean had told him. Somehow, he doesn’t think it would’ve changed anything.
And that part, Cas had never heard before. “Oh, Dean.”
Dean twists out of his brother’s range of motion and points a warning finger his way. “Watch it, Sammy.”
For a split second, Castiel wonders if the brothers are squatting. It’d explain the cleanliness; they would only need a few minutes to grab their things and go if someone caught onto them.
Sam purses his lips, unmoving for a few seconds. Decision finally made, he shoves a crumpled piece of paper—probably directions of some sort—into his back pocket and starts ushering Dean toward the door.
Dean barks out a laugh. “What, you wanted me to ask you out on the air? After that fucking verbal smackdown you threw at me? You’re telling me you would’ve been okay with that? Because, tell me if I’m wrong, but somehow I feel like some convincing had to be done behind the scenes before you’d even talk to me.”
"Bobby? Hey, it's Dean." He pauses. "No, I'm not trashed, asshole—I got sexiled." Pause. "Come on, Bobby! I just want to sleep, I swear." Pause. "Do you know what kind of shit's been done on common room couches? No fucking way, dude." One more pause, then a sigh. "Ugh, fine. See you tomorrow."
Dean laughs bitterly. "You can say that again," he mutters, and Cas knows he's thinking of the fact that they had had to slow to a walk on the way up the hill, and he's quick to try and make Dean feel better.
Cas furrows his brows together before typing out a reply.
“Are you referring to Dean or romantic interest of Dean?” Hannah asks, and Cas tenses up at that. Billie doesn’t hesitate with her answer, though.
“Have you ever had sweet potato fries?”
“I’m taking my little troubadours outside for class today—come on, it’s too nice not to,” she says when she catches Dean glancing out the window, “and was wondering if you and your merry band of artistes would care to join. They’ll have figures to draw, mine will have an audience to rehearse in front of, you and I won’t be suffocated by chalk dust...win-win-win, right?”
Yeah, intrigued. Intrigued by the stiffness in how he walks, talks,
If Cas hurt his feelings, Dean Winchester is really fucking good at hiding it.
to be Hannah—silently melting with delight as she snapped the photo.
Castiel nods slowly, then remembers that Dean can’t see that. “Sure.” In an effort to avoid some of the impending awkwardness, he bends down and starts re-tying his shoelaces. Dean stays silent, and when Castiel peeks up, he’s just standing there, running a hand through his hair and yawning.
“Boy trouble,” Charlie repeats, words jumbled by the pen in her mouth. “Boy tr...you don’t have a b…” Her eyes go wide as she starts to put the pieces together, and she gasps, the pen dropping to the table and rolling onto the ground. “Are you saying you have a
that. It’s been ingrained in them since they were kids, since they first saw their old man making the same mistakes they were about to.
“You’re welcome, Dean.” The flush on Castiel’s face is a light pink now, and it, in combination with his eyes, makes Dean think of cotton candy.
“My brother’s seen the show already, he said he and his girlfriend were tearing up then, and both sobbing by ‘Who Lives, Who Dies, Who Tells Your Story’. So, I mean, I guess we have some warning going in.” Dean shakes his head in disbelief, a small grin on his face. “Never thought I’d get
He seems satisfied and moves his hand to his back pocket. It reappears with what looks like a balled-up napkin, and for a split second, Cas is struck with the fear that he lost a tooth from the hit, as well, and starts frantically running his tongue over his teeth to check for gaps.
we’ll be fine.”
,” Dean says, smacking his fist into his glove and dropping down into a squat. He rests his elbows on his thighs and stares down at the dirt, covering his mouth and nose with his glove for a few seconds before popping back up and holding his empty glove up to Cas.
Maybe Gabe and Balthazar had been right.
“Hannah told me you wouldn't be going on break until later,” Dean grumbles, taking a few staggering steps forward and depositing his armfuls of what Cas now recognizes as presents and Tupperware onto the break room table.
Cas grins and nods, all while hoping that Dean thinks the reason he’s flushed is because of the sun. He holds his arm out in invitation, and says, “After you, Bob Ross.”
Dean chuckles and leans in close, too. “Guess so.”
Alastair glares at him. “I guess it’s good
The man slings an arm across Dean’s shoulders and pulls him close; Cas watches as Dean stops himself from flinching away. “You should take Dean’s word for it,” he says, waggling his eyebrows. “He really knows how to bring out the best in people.”
,” Billie says, laughing. “I don’t know what the fuck Lisa was thinking.”
“Hey, guys,” she says brightly, holding up the camera slung around her neck and nodding toward the backdrop. “Sing me a song, hug?”
“We’ll
They snap a few, and both girls thank him profusely before going back to their table. Dean resumes eating without comment, but Cas stares at him. Dean glances up—probably after not hearing any smartass remarks—then looks over his shoulder.
“That’s what she said.”
Finally, he can’t take it anymore and gets to his feet with a groan, a handful of stray flowers fluttering to the floor as he stands. “Want me to go see if it's ready?”
Dean swallows hard as they grip each other’s forearms, spinning for two counts before breaking the contact to lean back, arms wide, hands splayed.
if I ask for them,” Charlie answers, crossing her arms over her chest and looking at him expectantly. “Spill, dude.”
“I...isn’t that what people do? To figure out who’s who?”
“That store’ll rip ya off faster than you can blink. V can smell fear. And tourists.”
“I’m sorry,” Cas says finally, shaking his head and wedging his bottle into the sand. He tries to ignore the surprised look on Dean’s face when he continues, “But, just, can you explain to me what exactly is going on?”
” The man takes off his sunglasses and squints into the sun streaming in from behind them. “
Cas knows he’s not exaggerating. There had been several men in the mansion who could’ve been considered assholes, but Cas knows Dean’s referring to one incident in particular, the one between him and Alastair that he’d alluded to during their first dinner. It’d been the subject of tabloids and
Dean is silent for a few seconds, then scoffs. “‘m not touching your face, dude.”
He jogs in place at a DO NOT WALK sign, keeping his eyes focused on the deep orange words that most Bostonians ignore. Pedestrians essentially own the city; if there aren’t any cars coming--hell, even if there
And Dean doesn’t know why, exactly, but he needs Cas to know that he wasn’t joking. “Seriously, man,” he says. “You were good. You
Sam’s head snaps toward Dean, panic sparking in his eyes. “Shut up,” he hisses, lunging across Novak to cuff Dean upside the head, shooting a quick glance down the corridor.
“Y’re just like Sammy,” he says through a mouthful of burger. “Rabbit food, day in, day out.”
Cas is barely out of Charlie’s apartment before he’s back on his phone, thumbing over to Dean’s Instagram account. Dean is still following him, and the
“Are you okay, Dean?” Cas asks softly, and Dean looks at him. He worries his bottom lip with his teeth, and Cas can’t tell if it’s a trick of the rapidly diminishing light, but he thinks he can see Dean’s eyes going glassy.
Winchester licks his lips thoughtfully, and Cas finds himself zeroing in on them. He shakes his head quickly and waves his hand in front of his face, pretending to shoo away a bug. Dean shifts in his chair, giving another futile tug at the ropes binding his wrists.
“Aiden,
“We’re supposed to be goin’ to
“It must’ve been hard to find some free time in your busy schedule,” Cas says, tapping his pen on the table. “How
“Heya, Babe Ruth,” Gabe says when Cas enters their room.
Castiel finds this out the hard way, when he feels the man stumble hard into him. His hulking frame smacks into Castiel’s wiry one, and Castiel does his best to smother his disgusted gasp. Instinctively, B.O. Guy reaches out and, instead of grabbing one of the handle bars, grips a handful of Castiel’s shirt to try and steady himself. Castiel stares down at him, unsure of what to do, but knowing that at the very least, he shouldn’t just shove this guy away, no matter how badly he wants to. After a second or two, B.O. Guy pulls his hand away and grins, giving Castiel a “what can you do” shrug, then goes back to his book.
He takes a breath as he turns around and prepares to reenter the sea of people who have taken over West 46th Street, all of whom are undoubtedly experiencing the same weird mix of emotions he is--equal parts anxious and excited and slightly nauseous. The show’s star, Lin-Manuel Miranda, will be out in the next few minutes for today’s HAM4HAM show, a little skit he puts together with the cast, crew, or random special guests as a thank-you to everyone for entering the lottery, and people aren’t budging, even though Dean is trying to get to the
Anna gives him a soft smile, then walks over and rests a hand against his forearm. “Listen, what if I came to the next run with you? I’ll hang out with Sam, we can chat a little, and maybe things will be better. I’m sure it was just the two of you getting used to each other; it’ll be fine this time. When’s the next time you two are getting together?”
His own face is staring back up at him, a forced smile on his lips as he holds tight to a device that looks too much like a stripper pole, running from floor to ceiling, to pull himself up and out of bed. He remembers it too well, one of MedicALL’s best sellers meant to help the elderly get themselves out of bed without assistance, and one of the products they didn’t have much of a budget to shoot with.
The few seconds Dean takes to answer feel like ages, and he has to stop himself from flinching every time Dean cards his fingers through his hair. “Could have something to do with this certain podcast host I ended up meeting.”
Asmodeus Parise, the target of Ketch’s eventual ire, is also Dean’s handiwork. A wiry little fella who can’t keep his trap shut to save his life (and who, if Dean’s being completely honest, has probably spewed shit about
The Massachusetts Association for the Blind is tucked into an old-fashioned building on a side street, and Castiel spends a bit too long admiring its intricate architecture and the brick wall surrounding it before entering the lobby and grabbing a visitors’ badge. He’s been here enough times to know that his sister’s office is on the second floor, and starts trekking up the steep, awkwardly proportioned stairs.
Another soldier Cas vaguely remembers from training grabs one of the chairs and positions it in the middle of the tent, taking advantage of the man’s disorientation and forcing him down into it, binding his ankles to the wooden legs and adjusting the ropes around his wrists so that they’re tied to the chair, as well. Once they’re sure that he’s secure, Michael and Lucifer step back and they all watch as Alistair reaches forward and yanks the hood away.
Dean lets himself look at Cas, no flinching away this time, and is surprised to find that even though most of Cas’ face is hidden in the shadows, Dean sees something new.
“Just talk to him.”
, and makes for the breakroom.
“Don’t ask the clerk at 7-Eleven to go to our wedding with you,” Sam calls, and Jess laughs.
Dean gestures to the Moleskine resting on Cas’ lap. It’s open to a fresh page, and Cas tosses the silk ribbon bookmark out of the way before uncapping his pen with his teeth and neatly printing the date in the top right corner. “Thorough notes are why we’re the top-rated
“Uh, what the hell are you doing?”
“Like a guide dog?”
Slowly, the fact that he’s dating Dean Winchester starts to dawn on his friends: Hannah covers her mouth with both hands, eyes bright and happy like she’s about to cry; Billie’s looking at him with a knowing smirk; Charlie’s flagging down their waitress for celebratory shots.
“Sure, Dean.” Sam makes a big show of looking around the living room. “I don’t see any food bags, though. What’d you get?”
It’s not the answer Charlie wants, and her eyes narrow. “I don’t know if you know,” she says slowly, “but it’s kind of my job to judge people on their acting skills. And yours are
Dean waits until Garth’s not looking to roll his eyes, trying not to blink or sneeze as the guy starts tapping the sponge against his cheekbone. He’s always liked to think of himself as a good-looking dude, but he may as well be goddamn Jabba the Hut with the amount of time Garth’s spent on him for what’ll amount to a three-minute spot.
Alastair ignores Dean’s warning and continues. “Not someone who gets [bleep]ed by one.”
“Gentlemen,” Chuck says, “the cocktail party has concluded. Now, Lisa will choose the recipient of the first impression rose, then decide who will be moving on to tomorrow, and who will be heading home tonight.”
“Hey,” Anna interrupts, “why’d you yell at him?”
“Y...y’re...fuck you.”
“Fuck,” Dean mutters through gritted teeth. He tucks his knees up close to his chest and Castiel winces as he watches him gingerly touch his kneecaps, which have been given the same treatment as his palms. His bottom lip is split, and Castiel resists the urge to wipe away the blood with his thumb when he notices that there’s blood eeking out of Dean’s nose, as well.
Cas rolls his eyes and smacks him on the chest, which just makes Dean laugh more. “You’re disgusting.”
right now.
Sam ignores him, so Dean holds onto the shirt and the fish just to spite him.
“Cold yet?” Cas asks, taking a sip of his hot chocolate.
“You’re telling me,” Dean says as they walk, “that you’ve never thought to put a single drop of product in here? That it’s just this perpetually ridiculous naturally?” He reaches over to ruffle a hand in Cas’ hair. Cas promptly shoves him away with a small smile and roll of his eyes.
“And…?” Hannah asks impatiently.
“Don’t give me that look.”
“We’re...hanging out?” he asks with a bemused little smile on his face. He twists his bottle into the sand as well before leaning back on his hands. “I mean, that was my impression, unless you got news for me.”
“Date card!” he announces, trying to stop his voice from trembling as he plasters on a grin to try and hide his nerves. His fingers fumble for the envelope’s adhesive, but before he can open it, Alastair snatches it out of his hands.
to go on a
feelings that are threatening to take over, and purses his lips thoughtfully. “It’s difficult to describe your own eyes well, Dean.”
“Car!” he yells, waving his hand and hoping to hit Sam or Cas to get their attention. “Car, car, car! Go, go, go!”
“Yes,” he says when they finally break apart. “That works.”
Michael closes his eyes and grins. “Perfect.” He grabs his overcoat and heads for the tent’s entrance, clapping Cas on the back as he goes. “He’s all yours, Novak. Enjoy.”
“Thanks, Cas.”
“Hey, Cas, you okay?”
“Uh, dude...what is this?”
Dean rolls his eyes and flops back exasperatedly on their ragged little couch. “That was before all this happened,” he says, motioning between the two of them.
Castiel slumps down onto the couch and presses the heels of his hands exasperatedly against his eyes. Dean had barely said two words to Castiel for the rest of the run; when they had arrived back at the Winchesters’, Dean had found his cane quickly and jerked his wrist out of the rope tethering him and Castiel, then marched up to the porch without so much as a glance back.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean.” Alastair’s lips curl around the name and he looks like he’s just sucked on a lemon. “Where would you like to go for our date? I’m flexible. -Lisa.”
Dean brings one of her hands up to his mouth and presses a kiss to the back of her hand. “I’m Dean,” he says.
He doesn’t say anything, but must still look like a nervous wreck, because Anna drops his hands and sits down on the bench, patting the spot next to her for him to do the same.
...can’t complain?”
This time, when Cas knocks him down, he lands on something soft.
“Dean,” he repeats.
, my little Warhol,” Charlie says, bursting into the room with a flourish. She hops up onto the little free space his desk has left without preamble, arranging herself so she’s sitting cross-legged before taking a long sip of whatever’s in her travel mug today.
Cas smiles, and his smile only grows bigger when he notices the boy’s cheeks start to flush a little. “Thank you…” He waits, hoping that the boy will get the hint and fill in the gap.
Putting it simply, they’d needed a break, or at the very least, a diversion. They’d needed something that could make things feel even the slightest bit
Suddenly, a high-pitched wail cuts through Castiel’s thoughts. His attention is drawn to the center table, where two boys have started an impromptu sword fight with a triceratops horn and some kind of femur bone. They can’t be more than ten years old, and one of them is wearing a hat shaped like a frog--$17.99 in the museum gift shop, Castiel automatically thinks--that the other one is trying to knock off with his fossil.
Castiel’s eyes dart between the two brothers, Sam looking pleadingly at Dean, Dean’s brow furrowed, his eyes narrow and angry. He wonders if they’ve forgotten that he’s even here. Rudy’s yelps from the other room punctuate the silence, and Castiel wishes he had a stress ball to squeeze the life out of.
And if that whole remote shit from earlier had Dean feeling betrayed, it’s nothing compared to how he feels now as he immediately pulls himself out of Benny’s grip. “Uh, ‘scuse me?”
“I wouldn’t be surprised if that was the excuse Chuck gave,” Castiel says. “But I’m very much alive, and I need your help. We all do.”
“Who is that?” Cas whispers, and all Dean can do is shake his head, but not the awestruck look he’s sure is plastered on his face.
“Just remember…” Sam turns to face him and taps his own temple with a knowing smirk that makes Dean want to flip a table. “It’s not true love if only one person knows about it.”
Castiel takes back everything about how much he hates working at the welcome desk.
He wishes he’d said it aloud, but there’s still not enough drink in his system for that; not even close. Instead, he claps Cas on the back and drops back into his seat as the crowd starts to wander back to whatever had been previously holding their interests.
(!!!) thanks to Julia!***
Cas sighs, digging the heels of his hands into his eyes. “I can’t just throw him to the wolves, Charlie. But I also can’t just refuse to write a story. I don’t have that kind of leverage to be choosy, especially this early in my career.”
Cas spends a few moments unpacking his gear, tossing his dirty clothes into his hamper, before his curiosity over whatever Gabe’s watching finally gets the better of him. He tries to crane his neck to see better without looking too obvious.
“If someone took him,” Sam says, his voice low  and enough to get Dean to go still with its urgency, “then what do you think the chances are that they’ll be back for us next? The three of us are a package deal.”
The crinkles around Dean’s eyes are back in full force at that. He sets his own empty plate on the coffee table--just barely missing Cas’ feet, but Cas decides not to comment--before closing up what little space was left between them and slinging an arm across Cas’ shoulders.
“What about him.” Dean’s words are slow and careful, and Cas tries to consider his own just as carefully.
“Uh, Sam…”
Castiel had decided to run on the outside, so that Dean would be closest to the curb. He figured it’d be safer; he didn’t want Dean getting slammed by a car, and he’s proud of himself for making a smart decision until he hears a hollow thud and feels Dean jerk backwards while emitting a string of curses. When Castiel turns around, his eyes widen.
condemning, is still outlandish enough to raise an eyebrow or two.
to draw a meme, he’s not one of his students, but before he can really think about it, he starts sketching.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas wants to laugh at that, but knows that his mother wouldn’t appreciate it. Instead, he just nods and reaches for the acceptance letter again. “The baseball coach seems nice.”
Cas’ cheeks are burning, and he closes his fingers tighter around his phone. “Goddamn it,” he mutters.
“Take a guess.” Dean shrugs and resumes looking over the menu. “Your cat’s cute,” he says. “Oliver, right?”
Cas spent his life seeing Winchester’s handiwork; finally seeing Winchester himself nearly turns his world upside down.
Cas huffs out a laugh. “I’m not very coordinated,” he says. “Where do you keep your knives?”
is. “I know when I’m not welcome.” He keeps standing there, challenging Dean to say differently, and Dean’s mind is running a mile a minute. He’s mad—at Cas, at himself for trusting Cas in the first place, but that doesn’t mean he wants him gone. Cas can’t leave them, can’t leave
Dean tries to play it off, hoping that the flush in his cheeks isn’t as obvious as it feels to him. “Amazing what a good scrub’ll do for ya,” he says, dropping back down onto his seat on the couch.
“What happened?” Anna asks, her face paler than usual. Her voice has taken on the too-high intonation it does when she’s panicked.
“That was a mistake,” Cas says simply, following the hostess to their table and dropping into his seat.
“Good question.” Sam takes a moment or two to take in what’s around them, which, to Dean, seems like nothing but corn, corn, and, oh look, more corn. He’s about to open his mouth to tell him just that when a shrill, piercing whistle cuts through the air.
“Is this him?” she asks excitedly. “Is this
He wishes he’d nodded sooner when Cas releases his hand and scoots even further down Dean’s thighs. He’s just missing the warmth and weight of the other man on him when he feels the wet heat of Cas’ mouth around his cock.
Dean shrugs. “Not really, I guess. It’s hereditary. Started out slow. I had issues walking and driving at night, got in a couple accidents that Sammy was convinced happened because I was drunk.” He lets out a short laugh at that. “I wasn’t, by the way. He just figured I was being an asshole and lying to him, but then I started not being able to deal with glare from the sun, and you know those stupid Transitions glasses? The kind where the lenses change from sunglasses to regular glasses when you go inside?”
Billie wrinkles her nose as Charlie’s cheeks get a shade closer to her hair. “Hey, there’s a reason I like to work behind the camera.”
Alastair is clearly taking it seriously, but Dean just grins.
Sam throws himself between the two of them at that, holding his hands out placatingly. “I think what Dean was trying to say—” he throws a look over his shoulder at Dean, a look that says
Benny has stopped to readjust the baby bjorn for his doll and Andy is gaining on Kevin and Gordon when Gordon tosses a particularly rancid sheet at Kevin’s face.
Dean holds his hand out and Cas threads his fingers through Dean’s, smiling as Dean squeezes his hand before flinging his arm across Cas’ shoulders and pulling him close. He nuzzles his nose against Cas’ jaw before planting a kiss on his cheek.
One: He’s not easily coerced into things when he’s drunk. Two: He doesn’t do shorts. Three: He doesn’t dance.
hard, though, is trying to clear a bench with a side jump like he’s on the fucking high jump team.
?! The fuck is this shit? What does this even
Cas’ phone chimes when he gets back to his dorm, and he sees an alert that he’d been tagged in a photo. He taps the notification and, sure enough, there’s the group shot from a few hours earlier. Cas grins down at it in spite of himself: his teammates might be a little crazy and overzealous, but they take care of their own, and that’s all Cas can ask for.
poker face, so Cas clears his throat and continues. “And that you didn’t want to, I don’t know, jeopardize that potential new relationship.”
Cas can’t see the Colt’s eyes, but he imagines them dark with anger as he watches his shoulders heave.
“Good
Anna is silent on the other end of the line, but he can practically see her lips pressing into a thin, pissed off line. “That was five years ago, Castiel.”
When he takes a step back, Dean is staring at him with a mixture of anger and anxiety that Cas is surprised to see. He purses his lips, then offers Dean a wry smile; he can’t resist. “Don’t move.”
“You know what, Dean?” Jess says suddenly, getting up from her position next to Sam and walking toward him. “I'm sure we could all really use something to eat, some snacks to help us finish up everything for tonight. Could you grab us some? Your choice.” She gives him a hopeful smile and Dean grins.
There aren’t any flames yet, but
, Mike, goddammit!"
“Sounds angelic,” Sam says, and Dean knows his little brother, knows he said it more out of an effort to smooth things over than actual curiosity.
He wets his lips, closing his eyes before giving himself a light smack across the cheek to wake himself up. When he opens his eyes again, Sam’s staring at him. “What was that?”
“You want a medal?” Sam asks through gritted teeth. “Bigger fish, Dean.”
Most of the other players have already arrived and are in the outfield warming up, and Cas has the dugout to himself. He manages to find a dusty little corner that hasn’t been claimed by bags or buckets of balls, and lets his bag slide off his shoulder and onto the cement floor with a thud.
He’s not waiting. He’d waited last time, and look where that got them. No preamble, no nothing, he sheds the guard coat and closes the space between him and Cas. He takes Cas’ face in his hands, looking into those eyes for a split second before planting a kiss desperately against his lips.
The Company and the Battalion have been at war for as long as Cas can remember, and he’s heard stories of Dean Winchester, the Battalion’s most notorious sharpshooter, for just as long. His expert shooting skills and apparent inability to get caught had turned him into the equivalent of a ghost story in all Stations of the Company, someone new recruits were warned of the second they were assigned to their Station, and seeing him sitting there in front of them makes the hair on the back of Cas’ neck stand on edge.
Dean chuckles. “Got that right.” Dean’s eyes catch on Sam’s abandoned beer and he grabs it. “He ain’t much of a drinker anyway. Doubt he’ll miss it.” He blinks one eye closed and peers down into the bottle to check for bugs—as if he could see ‘em, anyway—before draining half the thing in two long pulls. “So, hey,” he says suddenly, pressing a fist to his chest and letting out a soft burp. He glances over at Cas to gauge his reaction, and is secretly pleased to see that Cas doesn’t look anything but amused. “If you’d known all this time, why didn’t you pack up and leave?”
Soon enough, it’s Marathon Monday, and there’s only 26.2 miles between Dean and his bacon.
Which is how they’re both curled up on the couch together, beers at the ready and English muffin pizzas in plates on their laps, waiting for their Zoom room to go live.
The rest of the meal passes without incident and, much to Cas’ disappointment, without much of Dean, either. He tries to stay on top of their drink refills and food orders, but each time he stops by their table, he doesn’t have any time for small talk, and Cas can’t help but notice the blank look in his eyes and the hollowness of the smile he gives them.
Dean pretends to consider Charlie’s offer. In reality, he’d made his decision in seconds, and while he’d normally try to draw out his response to fuck with Charlie even further, he just needs to know he’ll be getting the fuck out of here soon. He grins. “You know it, Bradbury.”
. He hasn’t even seen the guy since that night at the hot tub, but on a ship teeming with distractions, the man and his ridiculous perfection won’t leave Cas’ mind.
“This was hers,” Dean says suddenly, holding up his right hand so Cas can see the plain silver ring on his finger, something Cas had never noticed before. “I don’t wear it during practice or games,” he says, as if he already knew Cas’ unasked question. “Don’t want it to get scuffed up or anything, y’know?”
While Dean’s happy to suck Cas off whenever, it’s clear that he’s taken a special kind of pleasure in the challenge of getting Cas to break during Zoom calls. He’ll situate himself under the table a few minutes into a meeting, leaving Cas with no recourse as he proceeds to lick and suck and stroke and hum. Cas works
Anna shakes her head. “Listen, Castiel, one of the first things you need to understand is that Dean’s not perfect. He’s not some angelic figure who can do no wrong, and you can’t give him a free pass just because he’s blind, okay? He’s still a person, and if he does something to piss you off, his blindness isn’t an excuse. You have every right to be mad at him if he upsets you, just like he has every right to be mad at you if you upset him.” She gives him a wry smile. “See how that works?”
written up,” Cas says.
, not some random-ass dating show—”
“Guess so. And it was cheaper than therapy, which was Sam’s first choice.” Dean huffs out a laugh before tilting his head up toward the sky. “Hey, what does it look like right now?”
He’ll deal with it later. That’s how Castiel has spent most of his life since moving to Boston to be closer to his sister Anna, too hesitant and set in his ways to really change anything more about his life, instead just telling himself that he’ll handle it later. He’s been living here for almost four years and still hasn’t gotten himself any new furniture; most of what’s scattered through his tiny apartment are things he picked up off of curbs during move-out day, affectionately referred to in the city as Allston Christmas: a couch with a torn cover and a questionable stain embedded in one of the cushions; a rickety coffee table with uneven legs, a pair of barstools that have seen better days. Everything
When Dean finally catches a glimpse of what he’s sure is their next destination, it’s all he can do not to punch Sam.
the one who hit
They’re close now; the corn’s almost down to nothing, replaced by a slight pebbled incline leading up to the train tracks. Their feet start kicking up rocks as they shift to run along the tracks, but a particularly big one wedges itself underneath Dean’s boot, and he stumbles.
,” Billie mutters, and Cas glares at her through the screen.
His lungs are on fire, his legs are screaming at him, but he’s gotta keep going. He’s close enough to make a jump for it now, and he braces himself. Chest heaving, fingers wrapping tighter around the chains, he’s about to push himself off the ground and into the car when something catches underneath him.
“Have you ever had a maple bacon donut?”
“I’ll dismiss
Dean scoffs. “Whatever you say, Bill Nye.” They toss the ball back and forth in silence a few more times before Dean poses another question. “And you’re a transfer?”
. The thing’s a monster, and in retrospect, Dean should be glad Cas hadn’t smacked him with it instead of his thin little paperback.
“Yes.” Cas smiles as he feels Dean’s face form into a smile of its own.
him for something he went to school for that it didn’t matter that he was being paid well,
Dean can’t help it; by the end of the song, he’s got a smile a mile wide as Sam and Cas finish up with,
“How’d I get so lucky,” he murmurs, eyes darting across Cas’ face before kissing his forehead.
coming up with anything better, so the three of ‘em pile inside the thing, Sam grabbing shotgun and Cas leaning forward over the backseat, poking his head between the two of them.
“Because
The picture was taken on a street, one that Cas quickly recognizes as the one the Winchesters live on. Dean is standing in front of a bright yellow sign that says BLIND PERSON in bold black letters, and he looks less than enthused. He’s got his sunglasses on, and he’s giving the middle finger to whoever is taking the picture, presumably Sam.
“What the hell are you two doing here?”Dean asks, patting her on the back as she wraps herself around Cas.
“Your secret’s safe with me, Dean.”
When Cas had heard the news, he’d been relieved. The last thing he’d wanted was to have to fight in any way, shape, or form; being assigned to Station 1237 meant that he’d be away from his parents’ opinions while still having plenty of time to perfect his medical skills, and it practically guaranteed that he would see little to no action.
? An idiot, according to Sam. A hopeless romantic, according to Jess.
Out of nowhere, an ear-piercing whistle sounds from between them, and both Sam and Dean turn to stare at Cas. He’s still got two fingers to his mouth in prime whistling position, and once he’s sure he’s got their attention, he lowers his hand. “I’ve got kin nearby.”
Cas looks helplessly at Balthazar, who shrugs. “Two of my favorite things,” he says, reaching for another slice of pizza.
“She was having a hard time,” Dean finally says, keeping his eyes on his food. “She said she had had relationship issues around the same time the finale aired, and I, I don’t know, she said I helped her, I guess. Somehow."
him you’d do it!”
“Okay, we are
“Can we help you?” he asks, voice coming out harsher than he’d intended.
“Yeah, you’d’ve liked that, wouldn’t you?” Dean asks, eyes fixed on Cas, who, to his credit, doesn’t back down after the initial waver.
As much as he hates to admit it, a tiny blip of hope that there’s some kind of conflict sparks in his chest as he asks, “Oh. Will it not work? I’m sorry, I can—”
Cas is lying on his side, facing right into the light. He squints a bit, but doesn’t move otherwise. Dean’s frozen in place, only spurred into action when Sam takes the flashlight back and knocks his hand against the keys in Dean’s other hand.
He doesn’t particularly like the acts of dodging cars and wayward tourists that go hand-in-hand with running, but running has afforded him the ability to discover and explore countless backroads and side streets that he never would have stumbled across otherwise. He keeps his music turned off as he listens to the sound of his sneakers hitting the pavement over and over; their steady rhythm slowly but surely calming him down. Once he reaches Kenmore Square about ten minutes later, he clicks on his headphones and turns the streaming crowds of fans heading to that night’s Red Sox game into an obstacle course. He weaves through confused-looking families, elderly couples searching for a place to sit, and ticket scalpers insisting that
Dean doesn’t seem to be sharing any of his worries, though; every time Cas looks over at him, he’s looking up at the buildings around them like an awestruck tourist, the sun glinting off his sunglasses as he turns his head.
Cas’s brows furrow together at that. “Do I…” he mutters, squinting at the screen. He studies the photo for a few seconds and can’t stop his jaw from slowly dropping open.
to run his hands through it, make it even worse, damn near drive Dean up the goddamn prison walls—
Cas had flipped him off.
Cas chews on his lower lip, then nods. “Someone smashed his head with something; he's got a decent-sized cut at his hairline,” he says, gesturing with his hand toward his own hairline.
to goddamn
They gather up their trash and empties, and are heading back to the Impala when Cas stops short, making Dean jerk to a halt as well to avoid spilling ketchup and fry grease on the back of Cas’ shirt.
A waitress with frizzy red hair comes up to their table, balancing two plates of breakfast food in the crook of her arm. "What'll ya have, boys?"
printed in raised cursive that Dean can’t help but run his thumb over. Dean’s got half a mind to tell him it’d make for good kindling, but he’s also still got
Pleased and just a little tipsy, Dean drops down into the seat across from Sam. “That’s her,” he says, casting an affectionate look over his shoulder. “Isn’t she great?”
Shit-tastic.
“What the hell—” His head shoots up and he glares at Rowena, who’s smiling at him primly.
Cas nods, craning his neck to look up at the steps in front of the theatre. “He brought the CD to my apartment one day, insisting that I listen to it.” He shrugs. “And the rest, appropriately enough, is history.”
After a few more minutes of walking, Dean takes some quick sidesteps in front of him and reaches for a tiny door tucked into a corner. He holds it open for Cas, and Cas is momentarily relieved that he won’t have to listen to Dean complain about his lack of cannoli culture anymore, but the second he steps inside Bova’s and smells all the pastries, he realizes that Dean may be onto something.
shitty, my friend. Like, Nicolas Cage-level shitty.”
Castiel heads into his bedroom and digs through the drawers of his bureau--he’s particularly proud of this one, he found it on the curb of a fancy apartment complex in Brookline without a scratch on it--and fishes out a pair of shorts and a T-shirt, changing into them quickly and scooping up his sneakers before heading back to the living room.
“Thought so.”
“Thank you,” he says quietly.
, his mind adds. “What’s next?”
He turns his head and can't do anything but stare at the break room’s newest entrant; Dean is standing in the doorway in his plaid flannel pajama pants and gray T-shirt. His arms are full, of what, Cas can't exactly tell, but the scowl on his face tells Cas that whatever Dean had been planning, something had gone wrong.
“And here,” Dean says, walking up to the car and running his hand reverently across it, “here’s my baby.”
“There’s no currency changing hands here,” Novak says quietly, not even looking at them.
Dean shakes his head. "Heartbreak's gonna be more than twenty miles in," he says, referring to the infamous Heartbreak Hill that is the bane of most Boston Marathoners' existence. The Hill wouldn’t be much if it was the starting point of a run, but to someone who’s already run twenty miles, it’s the equivalent of scaling Mount Everest. "I wanna work on hills while I'm dead on my feet, so we can at least stand a chance when we get to the real thing."
It’s a lopsided little shack with a layer of dust so thick Dean’s nose twitches, so ramshackle that he can’t quite figure out how the damn thing is still upright. Windows are boarded up, door’s crooked, pig shit all over the place with no sign of a damn pig—and that’s just what Dean can see at first glance.
, Dean thinks, tearing another piece of his biscuit off before popping it into his mouth.
“No idea,” Dean interrupts, squeezing Cas just a little bit closer to him. “Pretty sure a guy just, like, chainsawed through a shark, though.”
. He’s checking Dean out too; he’s just somehow able to be less goddamn obvious about it, and frankly, that pisses him off too.
to sing into a can?”
Sam nods. “I know you think she’s beautiful, and she is. You look good together, Dean.”
“That’s nice, but Anna, wh--”
Dean isn’t sure he wouldn’t have been one of them if he’d heard the broadcast, but he decides to keep that (and the pang of disappointment that he’d missed it in the first place) to himself. “Not you, though,” he says instead.
And for some reason, Cas gets indignant at that. He stares up at Dean, lips pressed into a resolute pout that Dean
Dean laughs and goes back to reorganizing the week’s new releases.
business, either, asshole.”
“I think they’re still looking for next season’s bachelor,” Cas says teasingly, reaching across the table for Dean’s hand. Dean glares at him and pulls both hands away.
“You’re okay,” he says again, walking toward the door. He stops when he gets to the doorway and pauses for a few seconds, then sets the ring box down on the polished end table next to it, tapping two fingers on top of it before walking away, bypassing Chuck and making a beeline back out into the snowy night.
It only takes a few minutes for Cas to confirm why so many viewers loved Sam during his brief time on the show, and to understand why he means so much to Dean. He’s smart and quick and funny and warm, and seeing the way he and Dean exchange banter makes him wish that he had a better relationship with more of his own siblings.
He hesitates. “Really?” he asks in unison with Billie and Hannah.
“I doubt there’ll be much force involved,” Cas says. “Who
--” he gestures vaguely at Dean, “--isn’t the Dean Winchester I know. So forgive me for being goddamn concerned for my first and closest friend at Wildwood.”
“Hey, try not to look like a
cherry-pick the most attractive human beings they can find for their shows each season, but they really outdid themselves with Dean Winchester, 28, from Lawrence, Kansas.
, remember?” He pauses, and his eyes go wide. “Shit. Maybe you don’t remember.” He peers at Cas, his bright green eyes narrowing in concentration before holding up three fingers. “How many?”
Dean shifts in his seat and sighs. He likes to read, but he also likes to do so when he’s comfortable, and he can’t think of many places
“Great!” She bounces off her desk and envelops Castiel in a quick hug, ending the hug almost as quickly as it began. "I've got all of his contact information here, let me get it for you..." She starts rummaging around through the sea of papers on her desk. Castiel studies her as she grabs a file folder and holds it up triumphantly.
“Did he cancel?”
Well, one.
But it won’t. Because none of it’s gonna happen.
Cas swallows hard in an attempt to quell his anxiety, but he’s not sure how well it’s working, considering he’s on the verge of a panic attack. “I know,” he says slowly, as if he’s talking to himself more than Zachariah, “but I can’t. I’m sorry.”
“Taking someone you just met fifteen minutes ago to the show with you.”
Their first night together had been, well, a bit of a night—Cas
Now, Dean just hopes it’s dumb enough to work.
It’d taken a while, sure—one year, six months, fifteen days, to be exact—but he doesn’t even give the heavy irons clamped around his feet a second thought anymore. They’re just
Bobby looks between the two of them, trying to figure out what the hell is going on. “What’s happening between you two idjits?” he asks, and damn does Dean wish he knew.
Cas finally finds his voice again after that. “Dean,” he says softly, and the Colt--Dean,
doesn’t get her attention. The girl gasps in delight and grabs the book from him, already flipping through it as she and her mom head to the register to pay.
Dean scoffs. “Obviously; who the hell do you think I am?”
The black eyes and swollen jaw and dark bruises and makeshift splints, all accented by a sudden increase in Tylenol, gauze, and antibiotics in their medicine cabinet.
. He holds it up and shakes it in the general direction of Cas’ face. “Not
“So, uh, how’d you sleep?” From the way Sam’s talking, he knows damn well how he slept, and Dean ain’t gonna give him the satisfaction of saying it out loud.
Ignoring the (frankly, accurate, but still weird as hell) nickname, Cas’ eyes roam over the restaurant in one last desperate sweep before he reluctantly admits defeat and follows Gabe and Balthazar, trying hard to replace his current mental picture of Dean with one from the first time they’d met.
The comments calling his work a waste of time sting, sure, but what really hurts are the insults being hurled at the Colt, at Dean. He closes his eyes and forces himself to leave the page before he gives himself away.
“...Yes.”
“It wasn’t our fault, Dean,” Sam says, taking a seat. “The florist was running behind.” The chair is so small underneath him, it looks like he’s sitting on doll furniture.
, he’ll never let me live it down.”
Cas cranes his neck a little and notices the dark blue tie hanging off the door handle, and smirks.
“Anna--”
“I’m not hassling you with my problems,” he says, snatching the gradebook and glaring at her from behind his sunglasses. “Christ.”
“Find it?”
Dean’s heart leaps up into his throat, cheeks going pink when it seems like Cas isn’t all that opposed to the idea, but before he can respond, Sam and Jessica are ambling back over, flushed and pleased as punch.
“So,” Lisa says once all the introductions are made, “what do you guys like to do for fun around here?”
“It's what I'm here for.”
in one is something else entirely. Garth had walked and, sneaky little dude that he is, stolen second, and Victor is now the winning run. Cas hates moments like these, where things can come crashing down in a matter of seconds; he’s just glad that
“It’s a little...personal.”
Because it’s bullshit.
The man shoots Sam a look, rolling his eyes. “Quite the charmer, isn’t he.” He doesn’t pose it as a question, but that’s fine; Dean knows he’s a charmer, and he doesn’t need some hoity-toity Brit telling him different. “As I was saying, finding folks has become a forte of mine, if you will. Among other things.” He opens his suit jacket and digs inside, eventually pulling out a small card that he slides across the table.
“I can’t believe that fucking asshole fired you,” Dean says, his eyes darkening as he remembers Cas’ awkward explanation of why he had been carrying all his work things home in the first place. Then, softly, “You lost your job because of me.” His hair is disheveled and eyes are dark with exhaustion; all traces of the strong, nimble Colt from earlier are gone.
“Yeah, I’ve gotta finish my book.”
Winchester’s shoulders sag and he sucks on his lower lip, eyes closed. “Don’t expect me to thank you for this,” he says, “for treating me like a fucking human and not kicking the shit out of me right now.”
“Come on, now,” Balthazar says, trying a different tactic. “They even have bingo.” He waggles his eyebrows suggestively.
“Consider your dinner with me penance.”
While he’s waiting, Cas thumbs through his phone and opens up Instagram. He hesitates for a second, then starts typing until he finds Dean’s profile.
The rest of the night with Dean’s family passes in a blur, with games of pool, darts, and foosball bookended by more beer and food. Lisa slips into the family almost seamlessly, and with every passing minute, it becomes more and more evident how infatuated Dean is with her.
His co-hosts and best friends, Billie and Hannah, can do all the talking.
“Damn it, Cas, we’re
“It’s Dean Winchester.” Castiel’s heart stutters, he drops his foot immediately, and tries to clear his throat as discreetly as possible.
“I’m good, thanks.” Cas taps his pen on the stack of proofs on his desk waiting for his review. “Seriously, though, Naomi’s not going to let me leave this cube, let alone this office, if these aren’t done before I leave.”
“Howdy, boys,” he says with a tip of his newsboy. “Is this the road to Eudora?”
Dean huffs. “You can say that again.”
crazy, and Dean’s just a shitty judge of character? It wouldn't be the first time. But Cas seemed harmless. He seemed just like his pastries--he was sweet, with his inability to make eye contact for more than ten seconds before looking shyly away (not that Dean’s kept track); the way the skin around his eyes crinkle a little when he smiles (not that Dean’s noticed); the way just the thought of him makes Dean’s stomach do an uncomfortable little flip.
And he may be a
“Dean, don’t apologize. That’s nothing to feel sorry for.” Cas looks down and adds, “Jack is stopping.”
"Does Sam miss you?"
"Whatever you want," he says.
Cas has to drop to his knees to box in the next pitch to prevent the ball from hitting the backstop.
By the time they get to savasana, otherwise known as the long-awaited corpse pose, Dean is staring up at the ceiling, trying to even out his breathing. Lisa reaches across her mat and squeezes his hand.
Cas scans the menu once more and orders the first thing his eyes land on for more than a second. "Mac and cheese. And a Diet Coke, please."
Cas’ heart clenches and he hopes Dean doesn’t notice the way his cheeks go red.
Dean tries to go back to his book, he really does, but no matter what, Cas is what keeps drawing his attention, Cas and his uncanny ability to make even the simplest things better. Using his elbow to prop his book open (which is probably damaging the spine, which would probably drive Cas up a goddamn wall), Dean rests his chin in his hand and just watches. He watches as his boyfriend wets his lips before sipping his beer; as his mouth forms the words silently as he reads; as he strokes his thumb along the back of Dean’s hand.
Dean laughs again. “Wasn’t planning on it,” he assures Cas.
Dean nods. “Wish I got into it that early. Took me way longer.”
Cas rolls his eyes and reaches down to scoop up Oliver, who’s made himself comfortable tangled in the blanket around Cas’ legs. “I can’t believe you’re making me do this.”
He grins down at their joined hands when he feels Cas squeeze his fingers a little tighter at that. He steps forward and kisses Jessica on each cheek. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. Sam and Dean were willing to risk a lot to see you, and I understand why.”
The ensuing silence hangs between them almost as limply as the rope does, and Castiel is suddenly slammed with a barrage of uncertain thoughts. Should he talk while they’re running, or just focus on not fucking up more than he already has? Does he only speak up if Dean’s about to run into something? Does he try to steer Dean away from obstacles, or just alert him to them? Is he moving the arm that’s holding the rope too much? Is he running too fast for Dean? Is Dean running too fast for
Dean smirks, and is about to tell his brother off again when Novak pokes his head up, and Jesus Christ, Dean’ll never be prepared for that hair, mussed five ways from Sunday and making him look like he’s just stepped out of an adult movie.
"What can you do," he says with a shrug, more to himself than to Cas. Cas decides it's probably best to switch topics.
He should’ve known.
Oh, Christ.
The drawing is full of smudges and rough, sketchy lines, but the longer Cas looks at it, the more he can see what’s going on. The page is almost entirely filled by what looks like a liquor bottle, the neck running up until it disappears off the top of the page. The bottom of the page is what really catches Cas’ attention, though.
--captive the Company has ever managed to attain.
Winchester brothers managed to acquire such quality genes.
“Cas? Jesus Christ,” Dean mutters, dropping his own beer and thumping his fist against Cas’ back. “Hypothetical, pal, come on.” He waits for Cas to regain a bit of composure, sucking in deep breaths, before flashing him a small grin. “Ain’t no way any of us is having kids anytime soon, anyway, right?”
“I think Cas wants to talk to you,” she says, and Dean turns around.
“Dean, what the hell is wrong with you?” Cas’ words leave his mouth before he can even think about them, and his cheeks are bright red when Dean turns around to glare at him again.
“What the hell?” Sam murmurs.
!” Gabe trills, pumping both fists in the air like he’s just finished a marathon.
Another fic inspired by a tumblr post, huzzah! This time, it's from
“Uh, hello.” Cas waves awkwardly, waiting for Dean to catch up, against his better judgment.
. Castiel’s eyes scan the road in front of them, desperately searching out even the smallest roadblock that could cause Dean trouble. When he spots a stick in the road, his eyes widen and he glances quickly at Dean, wondering if it’s big enough for him to accidentally trip over.
“I know.”
“That’s a lot of drama to inject into one photo, Charlie,” he says, trying to sound casual.
He and Charlie park themselves at a metal picnic table where they’re within eye- and earshot of every group. Dean pulls his sketchbook out of his messenger bag and flips to a clean page, eyes scanning the area around them for something good to draw.
Dean freezes, and his brow furrows before he lifts a foot gingerly. “Jesus, I didn’t step in dog shit again, did I?”
know.” Gabe smiles widely, flashing his best pleading eyes at Cas, who closes his own and pinches the bridge of his nose.
Dean grins at him. “Just wanted to make sure.”
"Keep going, guys, you've got this! Go, go, go!"
Sam opens his mouth to retort, but Benny shakes his head. “Leave him be, brother.”
Cas starts looking around for a plate when he hears a scraping of a spatula against foil, and turns back around to see that Dean is one step ahead of him, scooping the fries onto a plate. “That’s it,” he says once Dean the sheet is empty, and Dean nods before setting the plate on the counter and grabbing a couple of fries. He hands one to Cas, keeping the other for himself.
“Wouldn’t want to be anywhere else.” He drops a kiss onto the top of her head before handing her the flowers and wine, which she almost immediately drops onto the side table. “Been looking forward to this, and to meeting Ben.” Lisa grits her teeth unconsciously, and Dean’s cheeks go pale. “[Bleep], his name’s not Ben, is it? Damn it, I knew it wasn’t Ben. It’s definitely got three letters, though, Dan or Joe or—”
“Dean,” Sam says with a sigh. He scrubs a hand over his mouth before focusing on his brother again. “Would you just try? Please? He came all the way out here--” Sam gestures toward Castiel, “--and now you’re acting like a baby. Just ta--”
“That remains to be seen.”
Dean keeps his eyes down on his captured wrists, but Cas can feel his body starting to relax. Cas keeps their foreheads pressed together, staring up into the milky white and dull green of Dean’s eyes until Dean shifts and presses his face into Cas’ shoulder.
obvious,” he says softly, rolling over once more so that he’s lying on his back, staring up at the ceiling.
It’s raining outside.
“We’re going to a brewery; you should be happy.”
in casual conversation. “Come on, we’re supposed to be adventurers! Brothers in arms! The Three Muske
Dean grunts on the other end of the line, which Castiel takes in the affirmative.
“Excuse me,” he says breathlessly, “I’m really sorry, but I was wondering if you guys could give me directions?”
Castiel stares at Sam dumbly, shifting his weight from foot to foot. “He doesn’t--”
, who created the most incredible art that left me screaming internally for days. Check out
Cas resists the urge to point out that they’ve been practicing for over half an hour and that
Cas grins sadly and taps his open palms against the desktop. “Sorry,” he says. “Merry Christmas, Hannah.”
Cas’ cheeks redden, but he tries to recover quickly. He still isn’t used to Dean not seeing his nods or smiles or vague descriptions of things, and he feels like a dick whenever he makes the mistake, but Dean brushes it off easily. “Uh, the car in the garage. It’s a black--”
“I have a broken nose, not a concussion,” Cas says, his words muffled by his hands. The boy doesn’t respond and keeps the fingers up, so Cas sighs. “Three.”
Fucking finally.
Something in that statement gives Dean pause, and he takes an odd sense of comfort in the fact that he actually believes him.
“Sure.”
Cas smiles before wiping away the sweat accumulating on his forehead with his free hand, then asks, "How do you feel about trying some hills?"
“One, they absolutely fucking
“Not sure we have time for that.”
“I know it’s not one of your strong suits,” Sam calls from a few feet ahead of them, “but there’s this little thing called ‘patience.’ Think you might like it, if you give it a try.”
“Tell me about it.”
Dean bites his lip and finishes lacing up his boots. “Draw what you know,” he says awkwardly before getting to his feet. “Listen, Cas, it’s nothing, okay? Just an assignment for class. C’mon, man. We gonna leave them all waiting, or what?”
A few seconds of tense silence, then, “Go, go, go.”
“Novak,” Michael says, looking at Cas stonily. Michael’s family had started training him and his brothers for the Company almost immediately after they learned to walk, so it’s no surprise that he takes this shit even more seriously than most, and of course he’d be the one to catch Cas nodding off while watching the most attractive--no, impressive,
“True, but the point is, you’re not doing either,” Sam says.
. It’s something that should be too sweet to be real, but Dean’s always managed to find ways of surprising him.
Cas rolls his eyes, trying to mask his bitterness as he thumbs through the hundreds of adoring comments. Once he’s finished, he scrolls back through to the top of the post and, against his better judgment, pinches the photo to zoom in on Dean’s face.
"Blind runner!" he yelps. "Blind runner coming through!"
Cas is about to nod, but instead, he averts his eyes, trying to look pensive. “I might need some more convincing.”
little brother turns away from him and hunches protectively over the sketchbook.
, Dean?”
Cas opens his mouth, but can't think of a way to ask what he wants to know besides "Why doesn't your dad like you," and he figures that won't go over well, so he opts to stay silent instead.
Dean rolls his eyes. “I’m not
“I’m sorry, Dean,” he says again. “I should’ve been paying m--”
“And how’d you two get saddled with this wild card?” Gabriel asks, taking a long drink of room-temperature water as he gestures between Sam and Dean with his fork.
“Looks like it’s you and me, Al,” he says, elbowing Alastair good-naturedly. “Where d’you think we’re gonna go? Exotic speedboat ride through the Caribbean? Excursion through New Orleans swampland to learn about voodoo and witchcraft? Island crawling with baby piglets, maybe?”
“What?”
Dean’s finally gotten used to the feeling of someone beside him.
"I like it." Cas loves it, all its sweeping sentences and page-long paragraphs and its ability to get him to inadvertently skip meals so he doesn't have to worry about eating alone and the fact that it makes being sexiled easier to bear, but he decides to keep all these parts out.
Balthazar knocks on the wall and smiles broadly. “Shall we, gentlemen?”
“I spent much of my childhood traveling back and forth from the Milton farm,” he says, as if that’s supposed to mean a damn thing to either of them. “Over the years, I got better at noticing what made the path there...unique. I can recognize it, and we’re on it.”
sweet of him to check on her and make sure she was okay.
Gabe drops his head back against the recliner and lets out an exasperated sigh. “Jesus,” he mutters. “You just need a
It’s no deterrent to Heyerdahl, though, whose laughter echoes up clear as a bell from down below. “Miss me, Dean-o?”
“I’m sorry, Dean.”
He looks at her helplessly.
Dean shrugs again. “Men, women, don’t really care. Just want someone who gives a shit, you know?”
The idea of yet another person being pissed at him sends Castiel’s heartbeat into overdrive, and he chews on his lower lip for a second before taking his position next to Dean and clearing his throat. “Okay,” he says. “We need to turn around first, though.”
“Cas?”
Cas watches as Dean shoves his hands deeper into his coat pockets as the wind whips around them. His cheeks are flush with cold, and he sniffs every so often.
"'Red Arrow Virgin,'" he reads off the sticker, and Dean bursts into laughter. Normally, Cas would be mortified to have all that attention on him, regardless of how short a time it was, and he'd be so pissed at whoever caused the situation, but in Dean's case, all he can do is grin and sit back in his seat.
, is coming to Lawrence, and we’re looking for Dancing Kings and Queens as contestants! No experience necessary! Join ballroom superstar Bela Talbot as she coaches hopeful singles in choreographed dance numbers designed to get the blood flowing to all the right places…’” Sam trails off and makes a face. “Gross. Uh…‘Think you’ve got what it takes? We want to hear from you! Fill out our questionnaire and submit it along with a headshot to contestants@cwtv.com.’”
“Know what?”
It doesn’t take long for Dean to spot it: first spot the puffs of dirt being kicked up, then the jalopy itself, cresting the horizon. The sound only gets worse as the car continues barreling towards them, and Dean cringes at the telltale clanks and clangs of poor maintenance as the thing struggles down the road, kicking up even more dust—and something that looks oddly enough like slips of paper—as it goes.
“You’ll—”
The man laughs and says, “
Dean clears his throat in an attempt to hide his discomfort; Cas can feel his co-hosts’ eyes boring holes into him.
“It’s something for work. Can you come down here on your next day off? I’ll tell you about it then.”
Sentimentality over, Bobby takes advantage of the position to smack each of them upside the head. “What the hell are you two thinking?” he growls. “Lucky there ain’t an APB out on you.”
Dean raises his eyebrows. “Your ‘people skills’ seem ‘pretty damn good’ to me. You’re doing fine, Castiel,” he says, his voice going gentle on the last sentence.
“They’re expecting you tomorrow night, around eight,” she says, taking a few steps forward and handing him a couple more papers before clasping his hands firmly in her own. “All of their information is in here.” She smiles at him. “Thank you, Castiel. Really.”
“I don’t really, uh, do shorts,” he mumbles, and she laughs, grabbing his hand and leading him toward the studio.
Alastair shakes his head. “I’ll calm down when this becomes a fair fight. Everyone’s got something going for them. All the bets are hedged against me, Lisa’s not getting any time to see the
“Yes.”
She laughs, “Don’t ruin the moment, you jerk,” and smacks him playfully on the shoulder, then looks down at the single rose in her hand.
Gabe studies himself in the mirror for a few more seconds. He’s wearing a light violet three-piece suit and matching tophat, with a dark purple pocket square and matching shoes. He tips his hat at his own reflection before shaking his head. “Jealousy is
“Whoa, whoa, whoa,” Dean interrupts. “I’m not leaving, don’t worry about it. It was just an observation, and, well, kind of a wish, I guess.” He chuckles to himself, then adds, “Hell, all your other stuff is so good, I know your pie would be great, dude.”
Dean smiles and kisses Cas one more time. He holds his hand out, palm up, looking through his eyelashes at Cas. Cas adjusts the hat so that it’s snug over Dean’s ears, then entwines his fingers with Dean’s. Dean smiles at him once more before turning his attention back up to the sky.
get to leave when nobody else does?
Castiel opens his mouth and fumbles for words, finally settling on a simple, “Good morning, Dean.”
"Slow down for a couple seconds," Dean says, holding his hand out. Cas' fingers brush Dean's as he passes him the cup, and Cas slows down their pace to something just faster than a walk, watching as Dean tilts his head back and gulps down the water. His neck is bared, and Cas stares as Dean's Adam's apple bobs when he swallows.
Dean gets it; it’s one of his favorites too.
Dean nods. “On the wall near the gift shop. Corporate likes to put ‘em up to show what a great time y’all are having, but it’s really more of a wall of shame than anything else.”
“Yeah.” Dean nods and rests his feet flat on the forest floor so his knees are sticking up. “Yeah. Okay. Tomorrow.” He pauses, squeezing his eyes shut for a second before forcing them open again and blinking a few times. “Night, Sammy.”
"You're on," Cas says. But he doesn't need to bet on the walk being worth it; he knows that it already is.
Cas glances down at his drink, and when he looks back up, he can’t—or won’t, he’s not sure which—hide the faint traces of a smile playing on his lips.
“And besides,” Dean continues, as if he hadn’t even heard or registered Cas’ last remark, “even if that
“Why’d you wait?” he asks, grinning as Cas pulls him forward into another frantic kiss, grinding his rapidly hardening dick against Dean’s thigh.
“Sam’s got himself a girl,” he says hurriedly. “Miss Jessica Moore. She’s been waiting. Still writes him letters and everything. Seeing him moping over her day and night, especially knowing what he’d been thrown into the clink for isn’t even
“So?” Sam finally asks, eyes wide and hopeful. “What’d you think?”
“No, it’s, uh, Cas.”
Cas can tell that he’s trying to brush it off and act casual, but that inside, even just saying those words hurts. He wants to be supportive, sympathetic, but at the same time, he’s having a hard time not celebrating the fact that
Cas’ eyes go bright, brighter than Dean’s ever seen them, and Dean’s lips quirk up in one last grin before he presses them against Cas’. There’s a fireworks show going off in his chest and behind his eyes as they kiss, long and slow and deep.
“This
“Yes,” Cas agrees, and, in spite of everything, for Dean’s sake, he finds himself really hoping so.
,” Dean breathes. “I can fuckin’...run.” With that, he surges forward, tightening the rope between them and leaving Castiel lagging a couple of steps behind. On instinct, Castiel grips the rope tighter and jerks it back as if he were trying to pull back a dog tugging on its leash, causing Dean to stumble backward with a soft, “
He doesn’t, Cas decides. “That was part of it,” he admits slowly.
“I’m sure she wants to get to know everyone,” Victor says. “It’s just limited time. I’m sure she doesn’t mean anything by who she chooses.”
School, though, is where he first met Missouri Moseley, a woman dedicated to everything Cas would soon realize that he loved--the medical field and keeping his ass out of the line of fire. He
“Let me,” he murmurs, voice rough and low and
Dean nods and smiles at Sam, squeezing his shoulder in thanks before heading over to Cas.
“No.” Dean’s response is so deadpan Cas does a double-take, and Dean waves him away. “Just stand there and look good, dude. You’re good at that.”
“Not particularly, no.”
Cas leans in, squinting at his screen as he reads a list of “25 Incredible Cruise Ship Facts.” The first few are relatively straightforward, but the fourth one down makes him pause.
Cas can tell Gabe tries to hide it, but he still catches his brother’s urgent slashing motion across his throat, silently pleading with Balthazar to play up a different angle of what’s surely in the top five worst ideas he’s ever had.
Cas sighs. “I just...I don’t understand how you can do this. How it’s so easy for you to just
, Dean thinks.
Dean shakes his head. “Special case.”
“Really cool,” Aiden says. “Do they have green ones?”
His stop couldn’t have come soon enough; one of the bus’ other passengers is snoring, and Cas forgot his earbuds. As he thanks the driver and walks down the bus’ steps, Cas feels his lips curve up in a smile as he pictures Dean here, how perfectly the area suits him. Union Square is milling with people, walking their dogs, riding bikes, or just enjoying the day. The funky little area is packed full of shops, cafes, and the occasional yoga studio; Cas has already caught sight of a record store and three different donut shops. He glances down at his phone, squinting against the sunlight’s glare on his phone. “Bow Street,” he mutters, before looking up the crowded street and walking toward his destination.
Cas is dozing, half-asleep in his chair when he hears the rustling of grass and someone entering the tent. He jolts awake and quickly tries to compose himself while making it look like no, of course he hadn’t been sleeping on the job,
Dean looks at him, and Cas says, "6:15."
ahhh you guys! thank you all so much for reading the first bit and leaving kudos *hugs hugs so many hugs* i wasn't expecting this to be more than a one-shot, but i didn't realize how many people would dig the first story, and i kind of love this verse a little too much, so here, have an epilogue :D
“Really?”
“Down, boy,” Crowley says, amused. Dean’s fists clench at his sides as he watches Crowley reach over his shoulder, tear off a piece of his sandwich, and pop it into his mouth. “Little dry,” he says disappointedly before adding, “Now, let’s try this again, shall we?”
Yeah, he
“This better be good,” he says warningly, glancing at Cas as he hits PLAY.
not Hannah.
“How the hell was I supposed to know
“I’m not sure if catching up on the last two
“C’mon,” Gabe says, repositioning himself so that he’s sitting with his back up against the wall, resting his laptop on his thighs. “I’ll restart the episode for you.”
They stay silent for a few seconds before Dean offers up a solution. “Okay, compromise. How about one thing? Just describe one thing about you.”
Cas is standing toward the back, waiting to high five Vic, when he feels someone grab his shoulders, whirl him around, and pull him close; he glances up, and Dean's got his arms wrapped around him in a tight hug.
made up something like that about his eldest son was because the opportunity hadn’t presented itself yet.
“Pleasure to see you, too, Anna,” he mumbles, rubbing one eye sleepily.
“It’s a dating show?!” Charlie grabs the phone from Benny and starts typing. “We’re doing this right now.”
“You hear that?”
Cas sighs. “I have a patient.”
Cas doesn’t know what he’d been expecting, maybe a brewery or a music shop, but the narrow little street in front of them swarming with people wasn’t it. He glances uncertainly at Dean, half-expecting him to admit that this is some kind of prank, that his real favorite place is still to come.
“After you, your highness,” he says, throwing his arm out to the side like he’s welcoming Sam into a goddamn palace straight out of a fairytale. Sam rolls his eyes but ducks under the fence anyway, then holds the links back from the other side for Dean to follow.
he had, though, it’s still not a total lost cause; Cas could show it to him after taking him out to a nice dinner. After they get back to his apartment and engage in a makeout session that eventually turns into Dean sucking Cas off with that incredible mouth of his.
"What's your major?"
“State of Kansas versus Sam Winchester, Dean Winchester, and Castiel Novak,” Judge Turner reads boredly, tapping his papers on his desk. “Tried together due to…”
“What’s that?”
! You owe me five bucks, babe.”
The disappointment had been evident on his face, but he’d remedied the situation fast by stealing Cas’ laptop, ordering them two cheap nosebleed seats for that night’s game, then saying that he’d meet him back in his room at five.
“Th’nks, Cas,” he mutters into the fabric of Cas’ shirt. Cas moves his hands so that his arms are wrapped around Dean, and that’s how he’ll stay, for as long as Dean needs him to.
They run at a steady pace for about half a mile, their steps in sync with each other, and Castiel smiles to himself.
“I had to figure out who it belonged to,” Cas says matter-of-factly, as if it’s the most obvious answer in the world.
,” he mumbles, smacking his open palm on his mattress.
“Sure did. They do everything here.”
“Can’t fucking be
“You’re not going anywhere.”
He quickly closes his laptop and shoves it off to the side, slipping into the closest jacket and pair of shoes he can find before grabbing his keys and phone.
Cas hasn’t moved voluntarily since they arrived; his plan is to just let himself be moved by the masses in the hopes of not getting hurt or potentially trampled to death. There have been a few rocky moments, but Cas is fairly certain that he’ll be able to make it out of this alive--until the lead singer takes a long swig of beer, tilts his head up and spits it back out like a whale shooting water out of its blowhole, and careening into the next song. The crowd goes even crazier than they already were, and Cas suddenly finds himself in the middle of the makings of a mosh pit.
The bell above the door tinkles as Dean presses his back up against the door and heads toward the Impala. He keeps his head down, focused on the sidewalk and road as he walks, but he’s smiling at the asphalt the entire time.
account. All four of them have access to the account to respond to comments, clean out spam, and post their own photos. Cas thumbs over to their notifications tab, where someone has tagged them in a new post.
“Shut up.”
Dean purses his lips, then shakes his head. “Fuck you.”
Dean’s brows furrow together. “We’ll be fine, man. Come on.”
much interested in, and soon enough, Dean finds himself back on the ground, only this time with decidedly less clothes and more Cas. And while he would’ve preferred a night in a real bed for once, he can’t complain when he’s looking up into Cas’ eyes, his hips bracketed by Cas’ thighs. Cas looms over him, strong and pale in the moonlight. Dean reaches his hands out and watches, transfixed, as their fingers entwine together before Cas gives his hands a reassuring squeeze. He wets his lips and swallows, hips rolling up just slightly against the pressure of Cas’ weight on him.
He stares at his phone screen until it goes dark, unsure of how to respond.
“Down.”
By the end of the show, Dean’s glad that he took Sam’s advice and brought tissues with him.
Dean doesn’t know why he said it, what provoked him to suddenly become a human rom-com. Maybe it was a side effect of being around Sam and Jess, lovebird extraordinaires, for the better part of a year. It could’ve been the fact that Castiel is looking at him with those glass-blue eyes--so goddamn blue, Jesus Christ--all gentle and enamored and patient and eager to please. Hell, it’s probably got to do with the fact that he’s standing in front of a goddamn adonis who just named an apple pie after him, and if Dean lets him slip away, he’ll never forgive himself.
Dean snaps his fingers, and Cas’ eyes dart back to his. “Relax,” he says. “It was a joke. You know, things people
"You're very strong, Sam," Cas says suddenly, and Sam looks up. His shaggy hair is obscuring his eyes a little, but Cas can still tell that he looks surprised. "I don't know many people who would be able to adapt to something like this, to have their whole lives upended and still give everything to take care of their family. Dean is lucky to have a brother like you to be there for him."
“Dean,” Cas repeats, liking the way the name sounds on his tongue.
Even though he knows that Dean is just teasing him, Cas’ face burns with embarrassment. “No, of course not,” he says quickly, stumbling over his words. “I, no. No.”
have legs,” Cas answers, getting to his feet and shrugging into his jacket.
Dancing with the Stars
A little spark of hope makes itself at home in Castiel’s chest as he starts to wonder how Dean’s eyes would look if Castiel could reverse those emotions, if he could make Dean smile, laugh, just look happy, and that’s suddenly all he really wants to do.
of hits. And the
Dean chuckles. “Considering our first meeting, that somehow doesn’t surprise me.”
For once in his life, Dean’s got nothing to say. His hand reaches up to his face, two fingers ghosting over the spot Novak had just wiped clean. He stares, not really sure what the hell else to do.
, as usual. Dean would never let Sam know how much he treasures this, but it’s one of the highlights of his week, every week.
Cas leans forward and taps a finger on Dean’s nose, causing him to go slightly cross-eyed as he follows the motion before dropping a quick kiss there, as well. “I don’t mind that.”
Cas scoffs. “I love my cat, but marathoning
She looks down and grins, shaking her head. “I wasn’t expecting you,” she says. “I don’t know what it is about you, but you’re...intriguing. There are a lot of handsome, funny, sweet, charming guys in the house tonight,” she continues, “but for some reason, you’re the one I can’t get out of my mind.”
With a sigh, Dean exits the car and makes his way across the street to the bakery, doing his best to dodge the raindrops. If he’s going to have to wait, he might as well do it surrounded by dessert.
Dean opens his mouth, then presses his lips together, closing his eyes. “Have you been beatin’ yourself up about this all this time?” He’s trying to brush it off like a joke, but Cas won’t let him.
Dean hesitates before explaining, as if it were obvious, “You didn’t sign up for this. For the whole ‘people following you around and your life being public knowledge for the foreseeable future’ thing. And, I don’t know, I feel like I should’ve warned you. Protected you. Done something other than make out with you in a prime fucking paparazzi location. That’s what I’m talkin’ about.”
When he looks over, Cas has his hand clamped over Dean’s, and he’s looking up at the stage in surprise at the gunshot noise, too, almost as if he doesn’t even notice that their hands are touching. Dean glances up at the stage quickly, then back at Cas, and realizes that no, Cas really has
Dean scoffs. “Good riddance,” he says, waving absently at the TV screen. “‘m sure they only kept him around for the drama, anyway.”
And fuck it, now it’s Dean’s turn to admire the art. He takes a step forward, his confidence growing with every second that passes without objection from Cas, and ghosts his fingers along Cas’ cheek, his jaw, his lips. He’s just staring, wondering how the fuck this managed to happen, what Cas’ lips are going to feel like against his own, against his neck, his chest, when he remembers—
He doesn’t know how she did it, especially so soon, but she’d managed to track down each of their respective crimes and dissected ‘em, compared ‘em to the damage Crowley’d already done, as well as what would’ve happened had his assassination attempt succeeded. What they were in for was small-fry in comparison, and the deeper she goes—not to mention the more desperate Heyerdahl starts to sound—the more Dean starts to think they just might have a shot. It doesn’t last much longer after that; it feels like just a few minutes before Judge Turner drops a paper to the bench and bangs his gavel once.
It’s a picture of them kissing back in the studio, Dean leaning right up close and resting his hands over Cas’ headphones. Cas’ tongue runs over his lips as he thinks back to Dean’s pressed against his own, and he can’t help but grin at the idea of Hannah—it
Dean glares at him over his shoulder. “Mixed media,” he says, snapping the cover shut and making a beeline for his room to tuck the thing into the relative safety of his messenger bag.
“Pleasure’s mine.” Dean winks at her and clicks his tongue. Draping an arm across Cas’ shoulders, he holds up his can of beer with his free hand and cracks it open singlehandedly, a move that's hot enough on its own, but that, if Dean ever figured out to use in combination with his stupid tongue-between-the-teeth smile, would absolutely spell the death of Cas.
“Don’t worry about it. But just think, this time next year, you’ll have one of your own. How cool’s that gonna be, huh?”
Dean stares at her, lips parted dumbly and feeling like he can’t do anything but, well, stare. Rowena repeats herself, and, like he’s broken out of some kind of invisible hold, he finally forces himself to nod.
He likes it, almost as much, he’s starting to realize, as he likes Cas.
Castiel didn’t think it was possible, but Anna’s eyes widen even more, and she all but collapses into a chair at the dining room table. “Jesus, Castiel, I thought it went without saying! Y’know,
“Sure.”
Cas opens his mouth to argue, but Dean’s shit-eating grin tells him that’s exactly what Dean had wanted.
“Is this date for me or Ben?” she asks with a grin, wrapping one hand around the back of Dean’s neck and pulling him toward her for a kiss.
It doesn’t take long for a redheaded woman with oversized headphones draped around her neck to come hurrying after him, slapping her leg while digging into her back pocket for a treat. “Ghüs! Ugh, Ghüs, leave them alone.” She holds out a peace offering, which Ghüs gladly snarfs down, before looking up at him and Cas and flashing them an apologetic smile. “Sorry, dudes,” she says. “Still working on manners here. Carry on.” With a quick Vulcan salute, she and Ghüs are gone.
. “I’m, uh, about the other day. I was a dick. I shouldn’t have yelled at you, you were only trying to help, like you said. I mean, you were doing a shitty job of it,” he lets out a huff of laughter, “but still. And, well, yeah.”
“Free dance lessons,” she says, elbowing him in the side with a smile. “In case you forgot, I’m expecting you to absolutely kill it on the dance floor at the wedding.”
“You son of a bitch,” Dean says with a grin. He takes a step forward to try and grab some of the cash out of Cas’ hand, and Cas takes a step back.
The door opens again, but Dean’s got to get the angle of Sam’s jaw right, so he spends a few seconds finishing it up. He looks up just in time to see Cas’ eyes dart away from him. Cas glances down at the oversized brown paper bag in his hands and doesn’t look at Dean again before sitting down next to Rowena.
While Billie and Hannah continue the conversation with Charlie contributing every so often, as well, Cas pulls out his phone and opens his browser. He looks up the
“How long do you think you guys will be?” Sam asks, following Castiel and Dean to the front door.
Winchester looks over at them, his eyes narrow and brimming with anger. There’s a deep purple bruise already building under his right eye, which is almost swollen shut. His lip is split, and there’s a deep gash at his hairline, slowly dripping blood down his face. Cas is sure that Winchester would have regaled them with every curse word in the book if he hadn’t been gagged, the thick cloth that’s been forced between his teeth digging into the edges of his mouth.
"You got it."
“Tell me what?” Lisa hesitates, then says, “Is he okay?”
Cas chews on his lower lip thoughtfully, then nods. "Makes sense," he says. "So twelve miles, and we'll work it so we get to a hill ten miles in?"
The Company and the Battalion had been at odds for years, ever since the Battalion had refused to allow the Company to take over their land west of the River. The Company had made giant strides in acquiring land surrounding the Battalion, but the Battalion itself held tough, and war had been officially waged between the two nearly six years ago.
Cas shrugs, leaning against Dean’s shoulder as he feels Dean’s arm wrap across him. “You know, you still haven’t told me.”
having this conversation,” Dean snaps, reaching across Charlie’s lap for the remote. “I signed up for
Cas closes his eyes and takes a deep breath before unwrapping the candy bar. So much for subtle. “I didn’t think I was
Cas nods. “He’s very attractive,” he says without thinking, then immediately wants to scoop all the words up and shove them back into his mouth. What if Anna left Dean for Aaron? What if she cheated on him with Aaron?
The vibe that Sam gives off is warm and relaxed, so Castiel is surprised that the first thing he notices about the Winchester house is that it’s clean, almost impeccably so. He had been expecting a bit more of a frat house decor, complete with empty pizza boxes and half-drunk beer bottles; two brothers sharing a house together doesn’t exactly scream
“Out on the coffee table. You didn’t exactly make it hard to find.”
Sam smiles begrudgingly at her, then turns back to Dean, pointing at him accusingly. “And
more obvious when the classroom door crashes open, and Dean looks up to see his best friend—and arguably the best drama teacher Thompson’s ever had—in the doorway.
