And there we go another murder, in Brixton this time. I am having a good day.
"Anyone fancy going out to the field? I feel like a bit of a run."
“He given you any cool gifts?”
Sherlock started to laugh too, a small deep chuckle, as he uncovered Felix from his jumpers.
Sherlock was clearly basking in the adoration from the small child, and continued to play gently.
"It is adequate. We will have to make some changes..."
"Mycroft! You can't actually be considering this!" John said ignoring Sherlock's glares directed at him.
Then it is absurd and you use them far too often.
"Well i'll leave you the 100 metre area and i'll do the 400, if you want?" Greg said, gesturing to the areas of the field.
“Harry-”
My sister's sarcastic voice came wandering through my mind. "Your 'friend'?"
"Well it's hardly my fault that he's enjoying himself!"
Sherlock sat on the floor with his long legs crossed, waiting for John to return. He had been building an assault course for Felix to crawl through, created from their bags and stray items from around the room. Felix had just been placed at the starting line, and Sherlock sat towards the end with his arms outstretched, attempting to get Felix to come to him. Felix only burbled, and laughed at Sherlock's flailing arm gestures towards himself, and grinning towards Felix.
Why do you do these absurd faces with punctuation?
"How!?"
"And I suppose it's not half bad. Having a child around... Something new."
“They are full of lies and don’t tell you anything.”
"Sherlock has a child." She tried to stop herself from laughing by putting her hand up to her already smiling mouth.
"Marie Curie was slacking in her protection against radiation poisoning, incompetent woman, which lead to her extremely preventable death. She would not get within a mile of Felix!"
"Five months and eleven days old." Sherlock declared looking down proudly at Felix in his arms, he then looked at Molly and quickly placed Felix into her lap to see how she would react. She just grinned and turned him to face her.
"I didn't want it to happen. It just did."
Sherlock with his eyes remaining placidly closed replied.
"Atom? Sherlock you can't name a baby Atom!"
Once they pulled up at the small station, John pulled Sherlock off the train where he stood looking around him, blinking in the bright light which was seemingly harsh on his eyes due to him having just awoken. As the train pulled away, they were left on the small and empty platform. They had chosen to come on a train much earlier than the ones which people from their school usually get to transport themselves to school, as a precaution against anyone they might know seeing them with Felix. Sherlock looked around him in bewilderment and then got on a bench and looked around again.
"Oh okay. Sure." Molly assured, stepping into the living room, where John gestured for her to have a seat on the sofa. He had hastily moved the baby toys into the box and half hidden the cot behind some more boxes, as not to freak her out immediately. He hovered nervously in the doorway.
"It okay, I have a friend who takes Art, she'll have something i'm sure."
"No of course not. Don't be absurd."
"Right, well I'm not on the tube any more anyway, so I won't be speeding it up! :) 5 minutes away."
"What? Together? So you are together then!"
“Sherlock!.... And what on earth is this one?” He said pulling out an equally as mysterious object.
“Playing Peek-a-boo, he loves it!”
“Dadee?”
“Well who doesn’t want their hubby to twirl them around! Everyone want that, Cosmo is right.”
John moved over and sat down next to Sherlock on the sofa. Sherlock looked to John as if he wanted to say something, he clutched his gift in his hand.
"Oh right? Nephew then?" She asked chirpily.
I arrived at the door to the library, but  deciding I didn't want to work I walked out into the gardens, loving the feeling of the warm setting sun on my face. I needed to think straight. That's one thing my soldier of a father had taught me. To be able to stop and put the facts in order. A skill at that moment I was highly glad to possess.
“Oh I so am beating you.” He said laughing at his friend’s face.
“Read it in Cosmo last week”
"Hey Harry. I'm glad you're here I have to say."
"Oh it was just a girl, who I met at camp and then now have agreed to ask out, and bring home to meet him, and if my father has anything to do with it... Probably marry as well!" He said sarcastically.
Sherlock collapsed in misery in the doorway of a closed shop, onto the cold and hard paving slabs, the doorway somewhat sheltering him from the stares of any other people on the street. His chest ached and he didn't have any clue why. And that unnerved him. He looked down to his hands and they were shaking like a leaf, so he shoved them into his coat pockets and scowled, disliking the feeling of weakness. He never felt weak. He never felt... sad? But right there, sitting in the doorway, riddled with uncertainty he felt overwhelming sadness. And he detested it.
John watched Sherlock too, listening to his beautiful playing, full of meaning, which looked effortless, but was obviously very complicated. He watched the way his eyes creased in concentration, feeling every note of the song. John shut his eyes, enjoying how the song made him feel, like he was floating and somehow like nothing bad ever would happen again to anyone. Once it was nearing to a close, and Sherlock was ringing out the last notes of the song, John opened his eyes and looked over at the cot, where the baby was now fast asleep, lying against his cushion. He turned to Sherlock who was also looking at the baby with a slight smile in his eyes. John spoke softly as not to wake him.
"Well we’re not dressing him in clothes with giraffes on them!" Sherlock retorted, counter-pointing to John's basket where there was a little blue babygro at the top, with little animals dancing on it.
The next morning, John came to outside Sherlock's bedroom with a cup of tea, feeling dubious to whether or not Sherlock would have sorted the 'nanny problem' by now, or whether he had more likely been distracted by some murder in the news or something of the like. John was hoping that he didn't have to worry about the whole situation any longer, although assumed that he would find that he did. He knocked on Sherlock's door. When there was no answer he went inside.
"Oh shush! I'm talking to the coach about this, because you don't even get a chance in practice. You would be great on the team."
Solving a case about a missing diamond.
It seemed all too soon before they both unwillingly pulled away and let go of each other. In the moment which followed they found themselves face to face, incredibly close to one another as they looked into each other's eyes. Each pair of spheres as confused and as nervous as the other, so close they could feel each other's breath gently on their faces. Then the moment was gone, they moved swiftly apart on the sofa, each questioning exactly what it was which they had both felt, and hoping ardently that the other felt it too.
"Just for the time being!"
"I don't know, i'm not that gre-"
John narrowed his eyes, but didn't say anything to Sherlock, instead going and having a shower in their bathroom, and getting changed back into his school uniform again.
"No. We aren't together, but we have the child together... It's complicated!" He sighed out.
“Tea?!” You gave the baby tea!” He exclaimed incredulous, his eyes widening.
Sherlock wasn’t expecting the deep plunge into the cold water at the end and came up gasping for air and looking around desperately for John, who was standing smugly at the side of the plunge area.
“Yes. That would be... Adequate.”
John sighed, picking the child up again and hitching him onto his hip as Sherlock continued.
Once they had finished the street, She handed Felix back to John.
Mycroft breathed out a long sigh.
“Yes... it has a nice ring to it, fairly unusual too.”
"Keeping him in our dorm room-" John continued.
"I'm just, I had something on my foot and I was getting it off and I fell over..." She responded, moving up into a sitting position.
"How was it?"
"Yeah! I would love that! And I'm sure Sherlock would too!"
"We can manage."
John quickly got up placing the baby on Sherlock’s lap (much to his annoyance,) and hurried to the kitchen and started to heat up some milk and found an empty water bottle which he washed thoroughly before putting in the milk.
"What?"
"I'm not calling Mycroft."
Yes. They are just arriving.
Sherlock paused for a minute before continuing.
"Is that a yes?"
Yeahh :/ happens to everyone! I mean it's not like I've never been with anyone! You know what I mean! But it's just really hard when they can only see you as a friend :(
"Really? Thank you ever such a lot!" John gushed, suddenly beaming and relived that most of it was worked out.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Sherlock, we have a child now! If you hadn’t noticed!”
Just then he heard the sound of footsteps outside the door, his eyes widened, as did Harry’s and she leapt up off the sofa and crawled over the back of it in a hurry to get to the door.
“Oh for god’s- Look if you want to look after the child, be my guest. I would like to see you try to cope with him! You know, feeding, changing, waking up in the middle of the night...”
“That’s why I need you to help me!” Sherlock shouted, just as the doorbell rang-interrupting their argument.
Good ;)
"No. Too common. Bunsen?"
"Yes. Fine. Good." Sherlock mused slowly, shutting the lid of his laptop and slurping his tea, giving a sidelong glance over to John. Bemused that he had figured out the problem so quickly, definitely not going to ruin Felix's potential IQ he thought, smirking to himself.
"Ignore it, I'm here now!" She grinned and hung her coat up and shut the door. "Oh yeah how was that DofE thingy you have been on?" She asked as they started to go through to the kitchen.
"Aw you're grinning! Wait a sec... so what are you doing about school tomorrow?" She asked curious.
"Oh really John. You shouldn't let people do that." His mother scolded gently.
The husband.
"You look like an Oliver." Sherlock said in a unthinking, monotone voice, opening the door to his room and stepping inside with John shortly stepping around and following behind him, giving a slight nod over to their neighbour as he passed. Leaving Oliver behind them with his mouth slightly open and his eyebrows furrowed, staring after the pair acting strangely, and the curious bundle. Both of which he had carefully taken note of.
“Well. I could arrange things to make it possible. If you have to act like such a child about this Sherlock."
"You don't seem to." He mumbled to himself whilst picking Felix up and bring him to his bed, where he sat with him on his lap. He then started to talk through Felix at me, something he knew would wind me up.
"I can't- Joh- it won't-"
“I didn’t look at what it was!”
“Well he wouldn’t be in your bed this time.”
“They aren’t meant to crawl until 6 months at the earliest, even that is rare, but at 4 months he is crawling already!”
"Practicing."
Finally they had managed to gather all their school things together, and the next morning, Sherlock sent for a delivery car to pick their cases and the pram which was folded into a non distinct black bag with instructions to deliver their luggage to the school later on, and so they just had their overnight bags with them. The lack of the pram, left them to carry Felix around with them in a baby sling John had insisted on buying and was coming in handy pretty often! They put it around John's front, as Sherlock refused to carry anything except his own bag. Although as they got onto the Bakerloo Line on the underground, Sherlock surprised John by protectively elbowing past people to get on first and give John a seat, despite them being on the train for a short time. Once seated,
"Are you going to take her out?"
"John! Hi, come in come in!" His mother squealed as she answered the door.
John stormed out of the school building, walking through the orchard to his right. Sherlock was seriously getting under his skin. He was fuming at his last remark about him not being 'allowed' to play football, I mean who did Sherlock think he was? With all of his behaviour which he has to put up with! John leant his head against an apple tree in the dark, the damp cool bark placed against the heat of his angered and flushed face. John suddenly thought about the fact that he had turned down going out with the guys from the football team tonight due to wanting to see Sherlock. He sighed, oh of course Sherlock had ruined the nice night he had been envisaging. Well why shouldn't I go out? He thought whilst picking at one of the tree's low hanging branches.
At 3 AM John darted through the door of their dorm room, hurriedly shutting it behind him. In the last couple of hours he had sobered up considerably since the occurrence at the club.
“What? Sherlock you were meant to be holding him!”
Hmm. Well. Have it your way. I believe i do not know your name. What is it.
"And you didn't want to be looked at strangely."
"Where do we even ask?"
"Here." Greg said, gesturing to John's wrist. "Pass me your watch. I'll time you."
"Pleased to meet you John. Pleased to meet you." Oliver said, picking up John's hand and shaking it vigorously, which John thought was strange, but went with it anyway.
"Okay... So IF the head allows us (god forbid!) to keep our child in school with us, we still can't make it work! What about during the day? What then?"
With this, she disappeared behind the rows of changing cubicles and was gone.
"Molly!" John shouted across the front driveway, to the girl struggling with her oversized cases. She looked up, flicking her long blonde hair out of her eyes to see where the voice was coming from. Her eyes scanned across all the people milling around and fell upon John, who was waving, her eyes lit up with recognition and John started towards her, snaking around all the people walking towards the school. He approached her smiling and then gave her a hug before taking her bag off her.
well no i’m kinda laughing inside but thats not the point
Its what I do now.
Sherlock looked up, his eyes narrowing and his head swaying slightly from drunkenness. John moved to approach him, but before he could even take one step, he was rooted to the spot by the mere fact that Sherlock flinched away from him as he moved. This shook John to his core.
“But also- oh it doesn’t matter...” He said bowing his head down, embarrassed, and trying to walk forwards, but Sherlock was still there, and put his hands on John's shoulders to stop him from moving away.
"All what?"
Felix was propped up in his highchair holding a test tube filled with strange gunky looking green liquid in one hand, and a stopwatch covered in sticky blue stuff in his another. On his face were a pair of tiny goggles which Sherlock had found in a box of things from his own childhood, and John had to admit that they suited him. They were slightly on the large side and so were slipping off his nose in a way John found adorable. On the table there was countless beakers and tubes and Bunsen Burners, all bubbling and creating a huge clouds of smoke and steam in the air.
They both started to laugh at the absurdity of everything.
As I wandered down to the library I started thinking of how I had just acted. He must think that I was behaving weirdly. Of course he picked up on it. It's Sherlock! What shall I tell him? Why was I really behaving strangely though? I can't deal with him and Molly is all I know. I don't like them being so... close. Too close. Why though? I'm not actually jealous? Get a grip John, what are you even thinking here?
John and 'William talk a little more. Sherlock is falling, hard. Mycroft shows up. Kindof
Lunch was chaotic, everyone was information hungry, and seemed to have their own idea on who William was. He felt bad for Will, most of the time people overlooked the absolute brilliance of the man and instead were consumed by the need to know his identity.
“John, what’s up” He was hesitant
“I have done no such thing” Irene raised a brow and looked over to Molly for some help. The mouse girl bit her lip before saying “you have been kinda’ drooling over him ya know”
“My parents aren’t cool with the whole gay thing, so I don’t think telling them would end well for me,” Harry said and glanced over at his friend Tommy briefly.
“I do believe I dared you to crack an egg over your head unless you plan on using your one dare pass?” Sherlock eased into the conversation, and let his voice slip from his strained whisper.
After a long and eventful day at school, and a drawn out rugby practice John finally felt the bliss of his soft bed. He wished thought that he could will himself to sleep, but the events of the day wouldn’t stop playing in his head. From the letter from William to the news of his impending graduation. Then there was the dilemma revolving around Sherlock. He wasn’t sure how the two where going to fit into his life. William he had liked for longer, he felt like he knew him better even though technically he knew more about Sherlock than anyone knew about Will. But he didn’t know if William was interested in men let alone him, and although Sherlock hadn't come out and said it, the way he dressed paired with the fact that he was friends with Irene made the probability skyrocket.
“I think it would benefit us to finish it now” Irene hummed in agreement “There’s only a small problem.” Irene paused her movements. Things like this had happened before. Usually it was sherlock complaining about how his deductions deserved more than just an anonymous article on the back of a school newspaper that no one even liked, But Irene could tell by his voice that it was something bad. Sherlock wasn’t insecure about himself often, he know how smart he was, knew how he was dealt a good hand when it came to looks. There was only one thing that put that slight tremor in his voice. If you didn’t him well you would think he just stumbled a bit on his words, but Sherlock didn’t stumble.Not normally at least.
“John, did you see William’s new article” John’s head shot up he was confronted my Greg.
“Why are you still all the way over there when I'm all the way over here.” Sherlock purred with pouted lips. This jump started John into action, he quickly removed his socks and the tool belt around his waist letting them fall to the floor as well as his cane. He undid his trousers and pulled his shirt over his head unceremoniously. He realized he probably looked a bit over eager, and this was confirmed when he looked up to see Sherlock's wide eyes and raised eye brows.
“I can see how this could work in our favor” Sherlock whispered still a little scared that John would somehow recognize his voice even though he knew it would be altered by John’s crappy computer speakers.
“We aren’t talking about either anymore, Now stop trying to make yourself faint, and put on some clothes, we’ll never get a cab with you dressed like that. We're leaving  in an hour and a half.” Sherlock was going to argue but then the fuzziness around the edge of his vision started to go black, and he was reminded yet again that John was a very good doctor who was no doubt timing his upside down timeframe.
“Bu-” He was cut off by the sound of the side door slamming
“What a good boy” He said and saw the color rushed to Sherlock's cheeks “oh do you like being a good boy” Sherlock nodded slowly and John smiled “While how about you be a really good boy and fetch me some lube and a condom” He pecked his cheek and backed off letting him complete his task. Sherlock shifted slightly to the side pulling open the bedside drawer retrieving a bottle of lube before closing it and handing it off to John without looking into his eyes. He looked down at his hand and back at Sherlock
“So, John Watson, what brings you over to this table. More specifically, what brings you to Sherlock.” Irene lean forward in her seat in front of John, and Sherlock shoots a warning glance in her direction.
What makes you think I don’t already have a mustache-W
So he spent his days fixing up 221c, which was practically work, he was getting paid in a way, practically free rent for a flat in central London even one like this was a good deal. It was about a week after he had moved in the Mrs.hudson came to check on him.
The laughter was cut off by the sound of a door opening and closing. It took Sherlock a moment to realize it was on his side. He was a bit confused, his mother was on a trip, and Mrs.Hudson would be asleep then he heard it. The faint sound of his name being called in a familiar voice, Mycroft's voice.
“I’m an adult Sherlock, where I stay the night is none of your business”
“What the hell Greg” John yelled from a couple meters away and Lestrareds head turned as well as the 6 people sitting around him
“That was amazing, absolutely amazing. My Mother's not dead, as far as I know, but still amazing.” John chuckled in disbelief.
“You think so,” Sherlock asked with a cat like a smile
but just ‘cause he doesn’t have
“What are you getting at here?” Greg's tone said he shouldn't push it but Sherlock disregarded the underlying threat.
"That's what he is son. A fairy, a fag, a sissy. I'll not have my son around his type. He'll rub off on you. I don't want to hear you've been talking to him. Do you understand son?" There was silence "answer me" he yelled
“Oh, okay,” John said before going back to watching the tv
“You must be Mycroft.” The other man stated with a smile on his face.
“You know
“I’m 18, I’ll be 19 next month. I figured since you had been staring at my ass the whole way here you knew.” No, John was sure he hadn't. He couldn’t have been, he had caught himself glancing maybe once but he hadn’t been staring. Had he?
“About me”
“Dead, dead to you. The same thing for the most part.” Sherlock stopped in front of the door to the clinic. He hadn’t even realised they had gotten here. He was sure they had gotten some weird looks on the way not that he noticed. Blood was partially dried on the other man's face, and although the bleeding had stopped it didn’t make his face look anything short of a horror scene.
John examined his friend's face for any signs of sarcasm but didn't find any. He smiled in contentment, happy at the half compliment which had been paid to him, and shuffled around on the sofa, settling down and getting comfortable, something made all the more easy by his unbelievable tiredness.
Seriously!
"Well if we are really doing this... He needs a name."
Sorry it's been a bit of a while! Here is an extra extra long chapter to make up for it! :) I got a little carried away should have split into two but It all goes too well together for that! Please comment! Enjoy!!! :)
He was constantly helping Sherlock to get out of trouble, and seemed to always have someone who he could bribe to get needed information. This, not even starting to use the Holmes fortune, to which there was always access to as well.
"We are taking him, we've, we've sorted it." He smiled at her. "Oh, just don't say anything to our parents, please. They can't know, they just wouldn't understand-"
John could feel his heart beating so fast in his chest, and now he could feel Sherlock’s too, underneath his fingers, beating at a similar pace.
"This is crazy you know that?"
“What does it want? Stop it John!”
In John's mind, the longer they didn't know about Felix, the better!
"Oh, well yes, but, Well I'm rooming with um, Shelia, Shelia Davis? Do you remember her?"
Are you actually winking right now?
"Oh okay. Good idea."
Then another.
Hey sorry its been a while :) Here's a new chapter for you hellyesship anyway :) thankyou for the comment on my last chapter!
"How would that work! Anyway the head isn't going to allow us to keep him in school!"
Sherlock was still in the dorm room, messing around with the zip on Felix's jumper, exasperatedly trying to do it up but fumbling with the tiny zip.
You are at school?? But its Saturday!!
"She's, out... Why do you ha-" the girl asked her face scrunching up in confusion.
I live in London!!
"You come from a seriously different world to me." John exclaimed marvelling at how normal Sherlock seemed to believe the idea was."
"Oh, right. Go on then."
"If you really want me to, I will get some plainer, 'non animal' things, but only if you come and help me!"
"Yes. Wow, that is pretty impressive for a baby to do! Although most babies develop these sort of.. er... skills! After they start to talk..." John retorted, laughing although highly amazed at the baby's comprehension of how to do what he was doing. 'Maybe Sherlock was right about the child being clever!' John thought whilst looking down at Felix.
Ikm okayyyuy!!! I willlll be fine youure being sso niceds!!! I'm cryrying sherlcolk whyyy is nobody ewlse nicegf to meee!!????? :((((((
John ran down and let Mycroft in.
“In here. We can both check on him then.”
John's head was extremely woozy, the only other times he had been this tipsy had been at middle class dinner parties with his parents, after a few too many glasses of wine.
Out of the corner of his eye, he watched Sherlock stare at him, stunned. He reveled in that stare. After what had to be a full minute, Sherlock recovered and got up, snatching the newspaper from John’s hands and throwing it to the side.
“We don’t have a case.” He pointed out, and for just a second, Sherlock tensed. It was gone as fast as it came, so fast that John wondered if he’d imagined it. The safer option was the latter, so he chose to go with that. Still, he looked at his mate expectantly, waiting for a response. None came; the man seemed to be too intrigued by his surroundings. John quickly deduced that it was fake, and that Sherlock was ignoring his question, so he let out an exasperated sigh.
That went very wrong, very fast.
“Take off your shirt.”
“Get up.” The consulting detective commanded, seemingly having his wits back. John raised an eyebrow, challenging him with his gaze. They had a battle of wills. Then, Sherlock sighed, and John thought that, in a feat of amazement Sherlock was about to relent. But before he could even process it, Sherlock had yanked him out of the chair, probably intending to get him to stand.
“What have you done?” He kept the demanding note out of his voice, because for God’s sake, Sherlock had picked up a spatula.  A stern note remained, letting Sherlock know that he was not to be refused an answer. But Sherlock wasn’t looking at him. Well, he was looking at John, but in a distracted fashion, grey eyes focused on John’s...mouth?
Sherlock was being suspicious to say the least. Granted, it would have been even worse had they been in the middle of a case, but it was weird nonetheless. John narrowed his eyes at the man who sat across from him, trying to read him in the way that Sherlock read so many others. Needless to say, it wasn’t working. Sherlock displayed no signs of anything changing on his expression, save for the fact that it had emotion in it.
Sherlock obviously hadn’t anticipated that the force of his pull would send them both tumbling to the ground. John grunted as he landed on top of Sherlock. He was again surprised when Sherlock rolled around so he was on top of John. For a moment, they just stared into each other’s eyes.
He didn’t miss Sherlock’s sharp intake of breath.
That got Sherlock’s attention. John could tell by the way his muscles tensed, so he took that as a cue to slowly spin the consulting detective to face him. Sherlock let him.
He was so preoccupied with his own worry that he didn’t catch the flicker of a genuine smile on Sherlock’s face.
“I have been reading about certain pressure points on the body in which pain is relieved in one part of the body if another is pressed.” Sherlock spoke slowly, as if John couldn’t understand him. That got through John’s head, and it prompted a glare directed at Sherlock.
Maybe not. John denied, There are many reasons Sherlock could want this...I just don’t know any of them.
"No! No. Not a girl, a friend from school."
"Nick. Nick really, turn that off! Look John's home!" John's mother said exasperated. His father pulled his eyes away from the television and grunted and nodded towards John and then pressed the off switch on the remote. He looked John up and down and then through the awkward silence he spoke.
"It would though!"
“It is useful. And I just know.”
There was another where Sherlock had obviously not realised he was taking and was a sideways shot of the edge of his face, and from the look on it, John could tell that he was obviously getting very frustrated with the camera's many variety of buttons. There were several of Sherlock alone, which John had insisted on taking as he had declared that they can't all be of him, and had managed to take a few of Sherlock looking very moodily at him into the camera, with his eyebrows raised in half distain, which made John laugh when looking back through them.
Right :) good fine! So no plans then?
Sherlock glared over at John, who stared back at him as he crossed his arms. They stayed like that unbreaking, almost competing for several minutes, until a woman tried to get past them in the narrow aisle they were now blocking. This snapped them out of it. John sighed and looked to the floor then back up at Sherlock, then rolled his eyes.
I shook it away. He was my friend. That's all. I can't feel jealous that my friend has a girl who fancies him! That would be ridiculous! And overprotective! No. I must stop this stupid thinking once and for all. No.
Sherlock paid little attention to Molly's questions but now having secured Felix in trustworthy hands, Sherlock ran out of the door of the lab, and span round the top stair banister and practically leapt down each flight of stairs, until he got to the side door which lead to the path which would take you onto the long and winding road to the nearest town, where he was speculating the group of John's new friends would have gone.
“These people. They all are... Judging us! It’s horrible!”
"Okay, if you say so.... How about Nick?” John asked sighing.
"Molly."
ohhh :)
"Uncle, dear god." Mycroft said rubbing his head.
I don't know.
"No. Think of how confusing that would be!... How about Alex?"
Wow coolio! Good job ;)
John glared in distain at Sherlock and then sighed again, and looked at the baby assuring himself that he was alright, the baby was very content with just chewing on the cushion. So John picked up his laptop and sat down his his chair, keeping half an eye on the surprisingly well behaved baby.
What did he say??
“Do you have Felix’s trunks?”
John smiled at his little sleeping face which was scrunched up with the dream he was obviously having. Next to him in the bed was his favourite 'toy' at the moment- his small pair of science goggles which Sherlock had given him some weeks ago. They never seemed to leave his side, he always had them in his hands, on his head or wearing them. John thought that there could be worse things for him to be attached to, there could of course be more normal things, but with Sherlock as a father, and the situation they were in, he was hardly being brought up in a 'normal' environment!
"No... I am aware of the... difficulties." He agreed, creasing up his eyebrows in thought.
"Let me see." He asked and John handed them over.
"This is amazing, isn't it?"
"So." He said looking down at the blank form before him. "Name and surname of child. Right. What are we going to name him? Any ideas? Sherlock?"
I have only just found the body. Police haven't arrived yet.
"Oh I didn't mean to start- We can't just keep him in our dorm room without the school knowing!"
"Oh how wonderful! Here you go children, take some sweets." As each child got their sweets they ran back to the street for the next house with a squeak of "Thankyou" in their wake. John reached in and plucked a few sweets for Felix and put them in his bucket.
Pushing the door open, the sounds got louder, so I hastily shut the door behind me.
As soon as they got into the room, John burst out laughing.
"Mmm." Sherlock said, walking into the room properly and surveying it. "Perhaps not. We need our things in here first."
"A nanny, like I said."
“-And that bookcase-”
"I can look after Felix for you. I'll come back at about two thirty, yeah?"
"Actually, I have some pictures. Would you like to see?" John informed them hesitantly, looking at the faces of his parents. He could tell that his father had had enough of his tales and just wanted to get back to the TV he was missing, but his mother was convinced they needed to bond as a family in the few hours that they had together, and enthusiastically encouraged him to get the pictures out. She flicked though them excitedly.
Sherlock walked around the side of building, his determination building. Find John, find John, he kept repeating in his head, Find John, apologise. Find John, apologise.
John. Are you drunk?
“Har-.”
"Yes, if that suits-"
"In what situation!"
Sherlock looked over to John and stared intently, trying to subliminally get him to take his side.
He sighed out a big sigh at his sister’s irritating behaviour, which he had let get to him, she just knew how to push all of his buttons and she was about the only person in the world who did. But he’d not spent a lot of time around her recently and had forgotten somewhat what she could be like, but his face did relax a little before it then hardened again but this time he was joking too,
"Hey" John said briefly whilst looking up quickly from his phone before dropping his head back down again.
"Fine. Get one suit if you really must... one!" Sherlock looked over to him in triumph, a his lips hinting at a smug smile. John continued sighing,
“Oh yeah, well two can play at tha-”
"Okay well, you know you asked earlier about the DofE thing?"
"I believe I ought to give you my gratitude also Molly.... Thank you." Sherlock inputted stiltedly.
"Yeah! Of course I'm sure! God you're fast!"
well yeah! :( aw now i feel all sad for the poor woman!! Why is there is nothing on the news about it??
Emotions are irritating, they get in the way.
What really??! I mean how?!! Isn't that stuff for the police!!
"You make a.... John cup of tea!"
"Sherlock you are ignoring the fact that we don't know the first thing about bringing up a child!"
“Yes. I definitely should have arrived earlier.”
"All because you don't want to say 'I can't' to your brother."
John sighed and put his hand to his head.
"We will be perfectly able to 'cope', Mycroft." He said defiantly, refusing to be beaten by his brother.
"It's only going to get more difficult you know." John reasoned, looking across to Sherlock with a knowing look.
See that last text is just missing a little winky face on the end! ;) oh and John
“What about baby milk sherlock! You were supposed to get baby milk! The formula stuff”
urgh! :( who would do that!! :(
“I could have told you that! You don’t need to be reading that ridiculous book!”
John grinned over at Sherlock,
“Okay how about naming him after someone?”
“Bet he’s a scholar, he looks like one”
"You're joking right? Sherlock look, he is a baby! You can't just read him adult books!"
"Oh for god's sake! I thought something was wrong! And yes, we do need the winter uniform."
"Hey little bro! How've you been?" She said enveloping him in a big hug.
"I, um, I..."
John looked stunned, "are you sure that's accurate?" he asked, looking again at the watch, his eyebrows furrowing.
"Who says that I'm not allowed to?"
The pair collapsed onto the comfy sofa in their living room. They had just managed to get Felix to sleep, despite it being the middle of the day. Sherlock looked over to John who was sleepily shutting his eyes, he nudged him in the side and John rolled his eyes open and looked across to Sherlock moodily.
"As if I would tell them!"
4th February:
and I wasn't in the best of moods to deal with him right now.
“After....Bach?”
"Who are you. What are you doing here. Wait is that a ba-"
“Oh! That was it! You want a man to be strong enough to pick you up and twirl you round. That was what Cosmo said. That would be pretty awesome to be fair”
“Felix Mendelssohn.”
"Oh, well it might actually, thankyou, that mig- oh, but what about your roommate?"
“Oh great. Brilliant! Now we are stuck as 16 year old parents because you won’t give in to a stupid, childish argument! Just let Mycroft win for god’s sake!”
Why not! :( wouldn’t your brother be proud...come on!
"Then we can keep him. I’m sure John and I are capable of looking after a child, Mycroft." He said sarcastically, sending him a glare
"Right, yeah okay." John said nodding politely, just as they made it to the edge of the field.
“That was, that was bloody amazing. What else can you tell?” The boy looked weary but after a moment recomposed himself.
“Mrs.Hudson has sent me to fix the holes in the wall,” John replied firmly.
Today they were working on Feinting, it was a pretty basic move, but because of the footwork, something Mycroft lacked at, it was a move he couldn’t perfect. It started off fine, but after he tripped over his own feet for the 10th time he got frustrated and began jabbing a Gregory with no technique, and was quickly defeated by the professional.
John sat at the table pushing his food around his plate, he never liked when Harry got in trouble, but this time seemed odd, he fought a little too hard about the hair cut, and there was a little to much pain hidden under Harry’s complaints. While he pushed his mashed potatoes back into a small mound he jumped as his father slammed his glass back on the table
“Oh dear John, I didn’t think you would have gotten so far, with moving in and, well, that leg of yours.” Mrs.Hudson stood shocked at the door after he had invited her in.
“Cabs here, ready to go”
The boy jumped up swiftly and his eyes glanced around in panic before they landed on John and grew wide. “The bell rang you should get to class, ”he said with a small smile before turning to walk away so that he wasn’t late to class himself. He could hear the boy scramble behind him as he walked out of the classroom. The halls were almost cleared except for a few stragglers. John could hear the soft footfall of the tall curly haired boy behind him, so he whipped around feeling in the mood to strike up a conversation.
“Been a while has it?” Sherlock laughed
“Yeah I get it, my parents are only just warming up to the idea.”
“Don’t be absurd Irene, Mrs.Hudson isn’t old, and she likes the work. It gives her something to do, makes her feel useful.” sherlock argued.
“Right, sure. Well, I have a broken nose to get set. Have fun in your class. You can chain my bike to the bench over there if you want.” He went to walk inside but sherlock stopped him.
“But’ John started “do you feel like a boy?” John asked and Harry paused to look at him before slowly crocking out “no”
He prepped Sherlock fast and easily with little pain. He rolled on the condom and slid in and both of their moans echoed around the room. Once John was fully settled he pulled back slowly before slamming back in. Sherlock howled in pleasure, and John set on a mission to find the other man's prostate which only took him three thrusts. He was drawing close so he grabbed Sherlock's leaking cock in hi hand and moved along with his thrusts.
John hoped William was just joking. He had never really liked the idea of facial hair on himself or his partners.
“Please,’ he whimpered finally as John sucked harshly on his thigh with his nose brushing against he drew up balls. John stopped and looked up with lust blown eyes.
Little did Sherlock know John was flushing on the other end of the phone, at the thought of playing such a flirtatious game.
William
Wow, you really jump straight to the big ones, don’t you?
“You should leave. I don't do relationships or morning after or any of that. You were an excellent lover, but I don't do this more than once with someone so you should just be on your way and forget about me” John was a little flabbergasted, but he didn’t really know the man and he didn't know if this was something he should have expected.
“ofcourse “
“Are you okay?” John asks pushing himself completely off the ground into a standing position.
“Like what”
“Do I look okay to you?” The boy shoots back, pinching his nose. John caught the stranger's eyes for the first time but quickly shook the attraction away. The kid couldn’t be older than sixteen and John isn't really one to rob the cradle.
“Gregory” Mycroft corrected him unconsciously while he looked over at the clock to see that it was indeed 7:30, he also noticed the heavy rain outside the window.
“Let’s go get something then” He father breathed in her face and John could see the subtle recoil from the no doubt strong liquor smell coming from his breathing.
“John Hamish Watson, you will not say such things about your father now go put your coat on.”
“I’m sorry, what the hell is happening” Lestrade asked John
“There red.” Short, simple, to the point. He hoped that ignoring the embarrassment would cause the the other to do the same but he had no such luck.
“Well, you and dad have work in the morning maybe we could just hold off for another day. Just go to the store today.” His mother looked at him weirdly
John didn’t eat a bite of food, still trying to understand what had just happened. Sherlock was so smart, so confident, and he was so gorgeous. The high cheekbones that framed his blue-grey eyes. John didn’t know what he liked more, his brains or that he had the looks to not need it. That tall slender body would haunt his dreams and he wasn’t sure if that was a good or bad thing.
“Im serious tho, no one”
"Did he?"
The drive was uneventful and when they made it to the pub Sherlock hopped out of the cab and left John to pay perusal, but he loitered in front of the door. If they entered the party together people would be more likely to assume things after all, leaving John devoid of interested parties.
John's heart fell out of his chest, he had never thought that his parents would want to visit Harry at work mostly because they never went out to eat. Surely his father would say no, they could just go to the store and grab more ice cream, the store was closer it was cheaper.
“Minor concussion as well” Was all the boy said in response. John didn’t know if he was looking for a ‘thank you’ or some kind of recognition for his help, but he wasn’t too phased by the words.
“There’s nothing wrong with a man wearing women's underwear.” John swear he saw the other man wink before he left the room, and he felt a familiar twitch in his pants. He had come to accept his attraction to men long ago, it wasn’t something he acted on much, but he had never thought that a man in-. He cut that line of thought off. Now was neither the time nor the place to be have such thoughts. Tonight though when he was home in his bed, he had no doubt the the thoughts would come back full stop.
” Sherlocks heart raced, and his head spun. He couldn’t possibly know, not unless… John.
“Sherlock look at me,” John said but Sherlock shook his head “Sherlock,” John warned, and Sherlock slowly turned his head. “Can you explain this?” John asks in a calm voice but Sherlock only shrugs. Okay, so he isn’t feeling verbal at the moment, he could work with that. “Do you have any condoms?” He asks and Sherlock shrugs again. “There aren't any condoms in that draw?’ he asks and Sherlock only shrugs. He lets out a loud sigh “Sherlock, you don’t want to be a bad boy do you” Sherlock violently shakes his he. “Good, then I need you to get me a condom” Sherlock frowns but does as he’s told. John took the condom and set it down beside them with lube and took Sherlock's face in his hands
"Why?"
Draw a mustache on your face
Dear John Watson,
“Why were you home early?” Harry sighed
John looked up at him and looked sad
His plan was to start on the pipes on Wednesday and be done by Saturday if there wasn’t anything more that he found wrong. He started off simple with the leaky sink and tub faucet in the bathroom as you don’t need to turn off the water for that, just tighten a few bolts. It took him 30 minutes and he had worked himself into a sweat, but he had no intention of stopping, next up was the rusty pipes in the kitchen, he had everything he needed, now he just needed to go shut the water off. So with a wrench still in his hand and a tool belt around his waist he went and knocked on Sherlock.
“John, I misread the situation, we should go… I, we need to go.” And then Sherlock walked away, well more like fleed. They both stared after him
Sherlock was resting comfortably on his chair in his sheet. He sat upside down with his legs thrown over the top and his head inches from the ground. He was testing how the blood pooling affected his brain function over a long duration. He would not have humored John with a response if it wasn't for the opportunity to collect data on verbal affects to the experiment.
"Because we're not supposed to have friends over when mom and dad aren't here. I remember."
“Please what.” He asked with his well-calloused hand running up and down his sensitive thighs, and when he didn’t answer right away travelling up to this nipple and pulling hard at the sore nubs Sherlock gasped at the sensation. “Please what?” he asked again.
“Of course how could I be so oblivious.” Irene chuckled. “So, are either of us planning on sleeping, or are we going to work on Williams newest predictions.” Irene moved to put her bag in the room and take out the computer that was in the front pouch. She had already guessed that they would begin working because of the state of Sherlock's hair, and her knowledge of his sleeping schedule, or rather his lack there of.
“John, we should just go home”
“And” Greg countered
“Fine, ill pull the car up.” John started to panic how was he going to warn his sister. Their parents would come bursting into the cafe and cause a scene, possibly even get Harry fired.
“Y-Yeah” Sherlock’s voice cracked and he could feel the blush spread across his face. At this moment Sherlock was very happy that John couldn’t see him.
“No, wait, what’s wrong.” John thought it was a little silly to be having such a serious conversation with egg guts on his head, but he was worried, and he couldn’t just let William leave. Not after what had happened, with the shirt, and everything.
“Yes,” He replied simply raising his hand “Hello…” He paused realizing he didn't know the other man’s name, but his hand was quickly gripped and shock strongly
“What, what do you have to say for yourself queer?”
“He WHAT.” Sherlock's eyes went wide, this was unexpected.
Yes-W
“Oh, that would be nice dear” His mother relaxed slightly “We could go see Harry at work, he’s been working there for nearly 6 months and we haven’t gone in while he was working yet”
John sent before he could even think to add his name. He realised his mistake and debated on whether he should send something else so that William didn’t get confused. Before John could make up his mind his phone vibrated in his hand.
“Will I see you again?” he asked sitting up completely
“I don’t even know your name.” He replied with playful banter.
The silence in the room was ended by a short meow that came out of the hairless cat's mouth as he pranced back from where ever he had been, with no sign of John's pants. The cat walked over the the curly hair man in the chair rubbing his face against the side of his leg until he was plucked off the ground with a happy purr and cradled in his owners arms with ease.
John Watson was 9 when he learned what being gay was, his brother had brought his friend over while their parents were gone they were on the couch watching a movie and John had crept from his room where he had been banished. He was carefully avoiding the squeaky step when he overheard the conversation his brother was having with his friend.
"No, but you know how dad is, so don't tell"
“The walls are fine” Sherlock's arms crossed over his chest.
“Well, you know what they say. Keep your friends close and your enemies closer.”
“Is that some kind of joke” Greg shook his head “Of Course I dance, I may not be Prince Henry, but I am still royalty.”
Truth or Dare?-W
“I need another drink” A lame excuse but his head was reeling, he went to the bar none the less and ordered something just a little stronger than what he was used to, and he got John two fingers of a fantastic whiskey, they do say alcohol is the best truth serum after all.
“Then why is there a dart sticking out of that wall. John asked pointing the the wall to the right of the door.” John asked smugly.
“Sometime’s they will surprise you,” Greg said before spinning Mycroft out and pulling him back in “But you just have to go with it, and recover.” He could feel Mycroft's head nod against the side of his head.
“As you should be,” Irene replied without breaking the eye contact she held with Sherlock. John heard a quiet thud from under the table and Irene hissed, and jerked back.
Sherlock walked over to the bed slowly and sat on the edge facing away from Irene “We agreed in the beginning that William wasn’t me. That we were two different people. I told myself that I wouldn’t let these articles change me. I made a distinct line between myself and William. I know we are the same person that I am him and he is me, but it’s just easier to think of it like we are to different people living two different lives
“The footing is too hard let's move on to something else” Mycroft took off his mask and went to grab a drink of water.
“That bastard, Where the hell ‘s he” John was stumbling to stand
“This is ridiculous, is this an intervention now? Are you going to starting on about how admitting it is always the hardest part?” Sherlock stood in anger and grabbed his bag with the plans to leave these ridiculous people. “But it is man, at least that’s what my therapist said.” God now Billy was jumping in. Sherlock huffed and stomped away making his way to the lab. He had booked it for next period, but he was sure the teacher wouldn’t mind as he was his star student.
“He’s our friend Sherlock, the least we could do is make an appearance.”
tell... anyone without your permission, okay” Sherlock nodded slightly and just stared. “Why would ya think that”. He had gotten so close to Sherlock that they could feel each other's breath, and Sherlock could smell the liquor wafting out of John's mouth, He winced. Perhaps he should have just asked.
“John,” His father said and he stopped in his tracks and sucked in a breath “Get me a beer,” he said without turning around
It was a month later that John found out what the word faggot meant. They were all sitting down for dinner when his dad cleared his throat.
“It’ll be a secret, you’ll be my secret big sister dad will never have to know” And for a moment Harry looked at John like he was wild, but after a moment the look disappeared slow
“Listen, Johnny, dad can't know about Tommy, okay* and John looked up at him wide-eyed
“I-I don’t know Johnny, dad would never-”
“Could we just pretend this never happened Johnny, just act like you never saw this?” Harry asked covering his face.
John tried to avoid the drama that revolved around the articles, mainly the drama that revolved around the mysterious author. The articles were signed William. The name was common, but the school was small and there was only one William, but he had the grammar of a 4-year-old. John, no matter how hard he tried, always read the commentary on the school’s social structure and quite frankly the straight up gossip. The author was brilliant, well worded and wrote about things no one could even fathom understanding on their own. that was why the deductions were carefully explained by the author’s thought process. One of his articles had featured the chemistry teacher, who William exposed as a fraud. The teacher had gone to schools to be a banker and when that flopped he couldn’t afford to go back to college so he faked some papers. When the administrator of the school had heard about the accusation he had no choice but to investigate. It ended in the arrest of the chemistry teacher. No one knows how William had done it, how he had known about the fake papers or the teachers past as a chief, but he did and John thought it was amazing.
“They said I can have a few weeks to get back on my feet, and then I’d only need to return to labs for another few weeks. They said something about me being an ideal student and so they trusted me to be using my time wisely. Namely, they’ll hope I’ll keep up with my studies while I’m at Sherlock’s bedside,” John explained. “If I find myself unable to catch up, I can re-submit my application for deferral and they’re likely to accept.”
John was at Sherlock’s side faster than someone was able to click their fingers, and Mycroft had to admit that they definitely looked inseparable. Glancing over Sherlock’s left shoulder, John read through the research that Sherlock had done, before listening patiently to Sherlock’s almost incoherent ramble about his sutures experiment. “So, please do it with me?”
“The condition of doing the experiment with you was you coming to the coffee shop. It’s illogical for you to request anything more and you are treating me like a commoner who hadn’t studied PPE if you expected me not to notice,” Mycroft pointed out, and almost laughed at Sherlock’s pained look.
hated it), he smiled towards the counter. It faltered when he realised that Gregory wasn’t working. He’d told the other that his exams finished at twelve and that he’d be here by two-thirty with Gregory assuring him that he’d be there, so why wasn’t he at the counter smiling that beautiful grin?
Then, in the evenings, Mycroft would visit Gregory’s dorm cook him meals if he was home before 9 PM, often making enough to feed the rest of Gregory’s corridor. Many of his neighbours liked to say that Mycroft was ‘sent from heaven’. They’d also coo when their goodbye ended with a soft, chaste kiss.
“No need to apologise,” John said gently. “I’m so thankful you’re not dead, really.”
Cheekily, Gregory flicked a solitary pea towards Mycroft after finishing his main and Mycroft playfully returned by dipping his fingers in his glass and flicking them at Gregory. They broke into laughter and crazy grins, and the servers likely thought them insane.
This chapter is pretty dark whoops. This is a little later than I wanted it to be, but this weekend gave us the glory that is Infinity War and in combination with the newest Hamildrop and lots of coursework I haven't had the time to edit my writing (I added about 1000 words to this chapter). I'm gonna give myself until Friday 11th May (SHERLOCK GNOMES IS SOMETHING I NEED TO SEE) but due to a bank-holiday I might have it up before that.
Perhaps if he was lucky he’d be able to avoid his slightly irritating (very irritating) younger brother, who might be in the middle of an experiment or even in the garden observing the small bee-hive that had made a home in one of the oak trees.
finished an experiment, Sherlock. Surely there is something more to think about, or perhaps you can clean up the mess?” Mycroft tried, knowing that it was likely a pointless venture. When Sherlock didn’t receive a rush from an experiment, he often became agitated and unoccupied, and subsequently overly-irritating and rude.
Mycroft, similarly, had grown too. Those two months saw him get his first for PPE and begin his life as a civil servant while learning some essential skills for his future. He’d learned how to time manage, and how to cancel plans without the sense of dread that used to accompany it, and learnt how to have friends while working hard the majority of the time.
Mycroft hid his slight smile and light chuckle, and steered Sherlock from the room by his shoulders. Mycroft lead him for most of the walk to the café until Sherlock shook himself out of his embarrassment.
. Even the doctors urged him to go to classes as there was a long road to recovery. John had sarcastically asked how anything would be normal without Sherlock by his side before falling silent for most of the day, and he’d remained.
, is the time to flirt with me?”
“I don’t know if I’m surprised by you being a note-writing person. You seem modern and fashionable enough to be typing up notes on a Mac book, and yet traditional enough to be writing with a quill and on parchment like in Harry Potter,” said Gregory in a soft tone, pushing one of his book-walls to the side slightly to place down a cup of black coffee and a small, thin slice of lemon drizzle. Mycroft quirked an eyebrow. “Sherlock said you usually have coffee while studying, so I took the liberty of making this instead. If you don’t like it, I can get you your usual and I’ll pay for this.”
Four cold hours passed slowly, dragging painfully against the three’s skin and pulling at their hair with vengeance. Cold teeth were burrowing into their arms when they were asked to leave the frigid reception, dark from the lack of natural light and yet bright and yellow from the fluorescent bulbs. Mycroft’s eyes burned and watered. Knowing that they were not going to sleep in a long while, just from the pained worry lines etched across John’s face, he asked for the location of local twenty-four-hour cafés; John was still weeping and hadn’t stopped shaking despite being slowly layered in blankets.
Mycroft began setting up his study station as soon as they arrived at the café, the pile of books acting like the wall to an impressive castle that he hoped would prevent him from falling into an endless conversation with Gregory. Telling Sherlock to collect their drinks today – which he did with heavy reluctance – Mycroft opened one of his three insane law text-books and a beautiful notebook.
“Thank you,” Mycroft intoned, pretending that the information wasn’t almost entirely useless – Gregory had realised that Sherlock had likely been taken into surgery and the first few months of John’s medical degree was enough for him to know that it was likely to be a punctured lung. “Would you be able to add a note to the file? It would be preferable if both Gregory Lestrade and John Watson were able to receive information about William’s condition, as I won’t be available all of the time,” after a brief pause, “Gregory may give his forename as Greg.”
“I love you,” Gregory yelled in reply with a large, enthusiastic wave. He fiddled with the jumper to hide the large grin from his professional colleagues.
“Movies are fiction and decide it’s more convenient to create a more exciting universe than make movies about the actual things our secret service solve during their working hours. Spy work is completely different – it’s mostly paperwork and sometimes looking at classified documents in an attempt to piece together a narrative for an arrest. Very little over-hearing conversations and even less going under-cover to become friends with your target.”
(See the end of the chapter for
In celebration, Mycroft had promised Gregory that he would come to the café that summer afternoon and was relieved to arrive home and change from the stuffy university wear. He had a brief shower to get rid of the thin sheen of sweat he’d accumulated over the course of the day, and then changed into his favourite outfit: a pair of black suit pants; his black oxford shoes; and his monogrammed shirt that mummy had brought for his birthday two years ago. He rolled up his sleeves slightly and sprayed some cologne on his wrists and collar bones.
“Thank you, sir. May I have permission to check my phone, sir? I believe my partner may have texted me about the incident.”
Mycroft nodded sympathetically at Sherlock’s frown – he’d also detested remaining in school years that were far too easy for him. He flicked through Sherlock’s most recent personal experiment despite Sherlock poking him sharply in the ribs. “Any particular reason for an experiment into the chemicals behind love, Sherlock?”
“It’ll take me at least an hour to return home and get ready,” Mycroft responded, and winced slightly at the mild sound of desperation in his voice. He didn’t know why he felt so nervous to go alone – perhaps because he had no intent of having a drawn-out conversation? – but there was a niggling feeling that he’d probably beg Sherlock before he went by himself.
“Try not to worry about that,” Mycroft said. “I know you worry regardless, but at least know that the only thing I feel is an unadulterated relief – you went through this in my presence rather than by yourself.”
Testing the nib of his fountain pen on blotting paper, Mycroft arranged himself so that he looked like the epitome of regret; his forehead was resting heavily on his left hand as his chest heaved and he pressed the pen to the silk paper, pen moving across it in torturously slow demonstration. After the loop of an ‘L’, Mycroft noticed Gregory looming over him.
Leafing through a few other notes, chuckling at a pun within one of the cards, Mycroft only slightly acknowledged the click of the door as John pushed it open, dressed in his own thin apron and slightly dishevelled. His sleeves were rolled up in preparation for his near habitual hand washing, rucksack being dumped on the more-comfortable chair.
Grouping them into an over-flowing handful, John stalked to the counter and ignored Gregory’s gentle warning. With a heavy flick of the wrist, the paper was flung into the barista’s face and John’s teeth were bared in animalistic instinct. “John,” Mycroft warned.
“A beautiful pub that is about 20 minutes away. Sherlock recommended it, said he’d taken John there and it seemed perfect for us.”
“Today was okay, I suppose. A pathologist brought it a few cadavers and we were observing them dissecting a liver. It had cirrhosis – the pathologist didn’t mention it but I remember what a diseased liver looked like from that cold-case you had us read about at the crime society.
A brat wasn’t an adequate descriptor for Sherlock the next morning – he was far worse. Mycroft had been the victim of name-calling more times than he could count, had been mocked about his weight at least eighteen times and Sherlock had caused a small fire with the toaster despite it barely being eight o’clock. Mycroft’s patience was walking on a tightrope as he cleaned up Sherlock’s messes, and he threated Sherlock’s honey after the fire.
The room had since become Sherlock’s domain, and Mycroft had never been jealous of his younger brother. More scientifically gifted, Sherlock had used this room much more and Mycroft had even been the one who’d suggested that Sherlock get it as a gift for his ninth birthday.
“Did you think me thick, My? I
It had just ticked past four o’clock, the sun shimmering in the sky and the temperature sweltering, when Mycroft was finally released from his last university lecture of the day, a folder of hand-written notes tucked into his satchel and his tie loosened. He dialled Sherlock’s phone number.
The next (last) chapter, I hope, is going to be up on the 25th of May!
- Massive injury
Sherlock clicked his tongue, and Mycroft could hear the tell-tale flick of him checking his watch. “I still have another hour of after-school work yet, Mycroft.”
Face tilting into a smile, he looked at the small brown plush teddy bear that was clothed in a felt bee costume and the small gift-tag that was hanging from the ear.
Sherlock nudged Mycroft with a sharp elbow, shuffling the papers into a green cardboard folder with a glare at the offending paperwork. “Why was I not allowed to complete my GCSEs early, Mycroft?”
“One hot chocolate then?” John asked with a small chuckle, speaking to Mycroft despite his glaze being directed curiously at Sherlock. “And your brother’s taste in café is rather exquisite as he chose ours, and ours is clearly the best.”
I'm admittedly not completely happy with this chapter, but I couldn't find a way to end it properly and it's stressing me out, so I'm going to post what I have.
“Look!” Mycroft suddenly hissed. Gregory followed his gaze and landed on the two just as Sherlock – who was blushing bright like their mother had applied her blusher on his cheeks – was lead into a soft kiss by the just seventeen-year-old. Perhaps Mycroft should’ve felt more protective of his younger brother considering the age difference and John’s tendency to go through girls like he did glasses of water, and yet he couldn’t feel his blood boil. Sherlock rarely held an obsession for anything, and this obsession with John had proceeded passed the bee obsession.
Mycroft recalled John’s discussion of the club when they’d fall into not-exactly-comfortable silence at Sherlock’s bedside; John had originally joined it due to curiosity and had stayed due to the amazing support he’d received as a result. “They’re one of the only reasons I agreed to pause my deferral,” John had explained one evening.
“Those people are inhumane. It’s not like you chose to force yourself through these horrible events; who would choose this?”
Two months had passed before Sherlock and John announced their relationship to their close friends and family. Sherlock declared it at a meal with a bashful smile, and John had a dusting of red on his cheeks, both looking so young and yet so happy. Mycroft found himself being even more accepting of their coupling.
He found it much more comforting than some of the more upscale restaurants they’d been to in the past, and just a glance at the menu told him that the cuisine was also more preferred. Lead to a small table in the corner, Gregory smiled at the small candle.
There had been a few hectic moments shared by the two, once when the pair had caused a small explosion in Sherlock’s lab, and another when John and Sherlock had somehow gotten animal organs to practice sutures on. Sherlock justified it by saying John needed practical experience for when he goes into medicine, while John had said that they’d brought them from the butchers, so was there really any harm?
“I suppose,” Mycroft agreed reluctantly (he had really wanted to read that book). He quickly added, “But you shall have to come to the coffee shop with me tomorrow as payment for my services.”
“Like blood and crime?” Mycroft said with a slight chuckle.
He’d taken to quietly writing his reports in one corner of Gregory’s room, weakly smiling at his unseeing eyes if they so happened to land upon Mycroft. It’d been a harsh week, and Mycroft had not been in the mindset to head into work; luckily, he was high-up in his position and was well respected and so he’d yet to be fired. That, however, was unlikely to be allowed to continue much longer.
What was that?
“Shut up, Mycroft,” Sherlock snapped, and Mycroft bit his lip when Sherlock swept the rack from the table-top and let it fall to the floor with a shatter. Another mess to clean, it seemed.
“It’s good to plan ahead” Mycroft explained. “And I’m hopeful that Sherlock will be out of the hospital by then. Looking at his predicted recovery, he should be out about two weeks beforehand, and I’m hopeful that we can get an overnight stay at home even if he has to come back afterwards.”
When John finally yanked himself back to reality, he found that Sherlock was looking at him rather intently. And John knew that look. It was the look that indicated that Sherlock was taking in every detail to analyse what John was thinking. It was the look that Sherlock used every time he was putting together the backstory of, well, anyone. And John was quite afraid of what he would find.
“I just-”
Then, John watched as a devious smile spread across Sherlock’s face, and John swallowed hard. Sherlock licked his lips, clearly enjoying the moment. John held his breath without meaning to. That was when Sherlock lowered his head just enough that their foreheads were touching.
Everything that had happened lately, the cooking, the walk in the park, the tea house, the massage was on purpose. Sherlock knew exactly what it was doing to John, exactly what John was thinking. All of it was on purpose.
“Dull.” Was the only word he decided to reply with. Yet again, John was shocked, because Sherlock was picking tea over a crime scene.
John barely contained a gasp when the thumb swept across his bottom lip.
“Bloody hell.” Sherlock muttered, then got to his feet, leaning over the table. One hand went to the back of John’s head, securing it in place. The other--with the licked thumb--came to cup John’s cheek. The blonde couldn’t have moved if he wanted to, his shock rendering him completely frozen. He had no idea what he should expect, because it was Sherlock. He could be needing a saliva swab. John ignored the fact that, no, that could not be obtained with a finger, in favor of focusing on anything other than his flatmates glittering irises.
Fingers snapping in front of his face pulled John from his thoughts. Sherlock was staring at him quite irritably, but John couldn’t find it in him to care. He was much too preoccupied by whatever angelic being had taken over his best friend. After a huff of frustration, Sherlock grabbed John’s arm, dragging him over to a table. The ex-soldier was at least present enough to sit down, but there were still no words as he stared at Sherlock, eyes narrowed.
John had grown rather fond of the denial that threw up a wall more often than it should have to in reference to his best friend. But this time, he couldn’t stop it, the warmth that spread through him. Sherlock Holmes, the man who refused to spend a moment of his life relaxing, was choosing to sit in a place that he had to have felt was impossibly dull...for John.
“How does that feel?” Sherlock murmured directly into John’s ear, and at that point, John’s mind was in a very different place. He couldn’t form words, so he merely hummed in approval. So Sherlock kept massaging and John kept loving it.
“And may I ask why you aren’t wearing a coat?” Sherlock had the audacity to ask. John growled something that would give a nun a heart attack, then stared straight ahead. Just because he’d come to the park didn’t mean he had to acknowledge his friend. It wouldn’t take him long to break, but for now, he had a steely resolve. The other man’s stare was unrelenting, and John could literally feel the eyes trained on him.
“You.” Sherlock’s response seemed almost automatic, said without thought. John wanted to close the space between them more than anything. Well, more than anything except the revenge that fueled him to completely pull away. He walked back over to his chair, plopping down and picking up the dripping newspaper that he wasn’t actually reading.
“No.”
It gave him the drive to keep going.
“You aren’t paying.” Sherlock muttered under his breath, and John whipped to face him in surprise. His eyes conveyed his silent ‘Who are you and what have you done with Sherlock Holmes?’. Again, Sherlock ignored it. Instead, he opted to point at the menu once more, the one motion making it clear that John would not walk outside without a cup of tea. John mentally weighed his options. He could jerk out of Sherlock’s grip and run as fast as he was able to, or he could actually take the offer--and risk the unknown consequences that would come with it.
“Are you going to stare at me all day, or are you going to actually eat?” Sherlock drew John out of his thoughts, “As you so often force me to do.” The last sentence was more of an unconscious grumble than a loud statement, but John could hear the pouty undertone. With a sigh, John poked at the eggs, wondering briefly if there was some sort of mould in it that his flatmate wanted to test the effects of on the human body. Sherlock huffed. “It is not poisoned.” He very nearly growled, the look he gave John clearly communicating his lack of amusement.
“A tea house?” John asked warily as Sherlock stopped in front of glass doors, “What did you do?” Was the immediate follow-up question, because the innocent look on Sherlock’s face was just that. And Sherlock Holmes was never innocent. Far from it. At any given time. The flicker of a smirk that passed on his face gave John a bit of comfort---which was horribly counterproductive. All it did was increase the suspicion, but at least it brought back a little normalcy.
“Sherlock-”
John promptly choked on the tea he had just swallowed, whipping to face Sherlock with wide eyes. He hadn’t even realised Sherlock was there until the command pierced the silence. So many ideas flickered through John’s mind, half of them being the thoughts he’d buried under deep layers of denial, the other half pondering whether or not the impending experiment would kill him. He couldn’t verbalise any of them, so he opted to stare at Sherlock, jaw slack in shock.
“I cannot spend this much money on a cup of tea.” Was John’s initial reaction. The prices were outrageous, especially for something John could very well make on his own. Sherlock huffed as John turned to leave, but all of a sudden, his hand closed around John’s wrist. It halted John’s escape, and Sherlock took the opportunity to tug him to the counter.
“Sherlock, I am going to ask you one more time. What. Did. You. Do?” John made sure to enunciate each of the last words, his tone leaving no room for rebuttal. Then, a wicked smile pulled at the corners of Sherlock’s lips, too small for most people to notice. But John prided himself on interpreting his flatmate’s facial expressions, no matter how minute they were. With a sweep of his arm and a pointed lack of answer, Sherlock gestured for John to go in front of him.
“No.”
Sherlock would pay.
After the moment of shock, John narrowed his eyes.
It struck John on a Tuesday. He had been reading a paper, which promptly slipped from his hands, the corner of it falling into his tea. He didn’t even notice, because he couldn’t get around the epiphany in his mind.
“But John-”
“Come here.” John murmured, then grabbed Sherlock’s hand, pulling him into the living room, “Sit.” John ordered, and Sherlock seemed too surprised to refuse. So he sat. After a moment of staring, John walked over and sat at Sherlock’s side. Then, the real fun started. The second Sherlock turned his way, John put a hand on his face, stroking his thumb back and forth across Sherlock’s cheekbone.
“Yes, I am ‘quite all right’.” The words came with an exaggerated eye roll, “Hypothermia can occur if too little clothing is worn in weather below approximately 10 degrees celsius. You have had no food today, which heightens the risk of-”
What have I done? John wondered, and he knew he should be dreading what was to come. He really should, but he wasn’t. And he wasn’t about to identify just why, even though he was starting to know the answer full and well.
“Now would you mind telling me why, exactly, we’re wandering through the park in the dead of winter?” John demanded, the biting cold increasing his irritability. He glared fruitlessly at Sherlock, who was paying no heed to the demands. Snow drifted around them in soft flurries, and it would have been beautiful...if John had been able to grab a coat before he’d been dragged out of the flat. Obviously, he hadn't, because Sherlock had grabbed his arm and yanked him out the door without warning.
“Fine.” In a miraculous feat of strength, his voice was steady. He rationalised that he hadn’t made that decision because Sherlock was doing...that. No, he just knew the consulting detective was persistent to say the least, and he didn’t want Sherlock to do more than he had already done. Then again, he would be massaging John, and it couldn’t get much worse than that.
“Please.” John would have refused again had he not been slightly startled. Sherlock was directly behind him, hands on the back of the chair. What was worse was that Sherlock wasn’t just standing there. No, his head was so close that John could feel his breath on the shell of his ear. It was too close, because it was quickly scrambling John’s thoughts into a tangled mess, “I promise it will feel...” John could almost see Sherlock’s wicked smile without even looking, “Incredible.”
John opened his arm, and Sherlock scooted close enough for John to cover him as well. And if John leaned slightly into Sherlock’s side, and Sherlock’s hand brushed the back of John’s ever so slightly, neither of them said a word about it.
“I want you too.” John said without thinking.
“You have something...” Sherlock cleared his throat, pointing at John’s face. John’s tilted his head slightly in confusion. That earned him another ‘Are you feeling particularly idiotic today?’ stare. But John couldn’t be blamed; how was he supposed to know what Sherlock’s silent cues meant? Then again, he’d lived with the genius for nearly three years now, so he was used to the mysterious endings--or rather lack thereof. Sherlock made a noise of exasperation, then proceeded to lick his thumb. When he moved it toward John’s face, the latter man flinched back, giving Sherlock his own brand of ‘Are you mental?’ glance.
The right choice was admittedly easy.
“Did you misunderstand me?” Sherlock murmured, and John’s mouth opened and closed, open and closed, open and closed, “I said... I. Want. You.” Their lips were millimeters apart, and John could feel them brushing with each of Sherlock’s words.
“You’ll find out when the time is right.” Sherlock’s tone was layered with an air of mystery, and John sighed in frustration, but he decided to let it go for the time being. Pestering would bring no results, so it was better to just comply. The warmth of the small shop was immediately calming, and the sweet aromas John could smell made him feel at home. For once, he would be able to drink tea without brewing it--or being full of sugar, should Sherlock make it on the rarest occasions.
