John looked over his shoulder and smiled. Sherlock smiled back and hopped away. He opened a bottle and filled two glasses. He looked happy. John finished and filled everything into bowls he carried to the table.
“Try to stand up but slowly. Hold on to me.” Moriarty grabbed John’s arm and stood up. It caused him pain; John could see that. But Moriarty was tough and slumped into the bath by John’s side.
„Move on!“ Sherlock leant forward and the cage started to move. John moved around it and beneath Sherlock's arms to poke the poor boy everywhere. The prod seemed to be a very strong one because it even worked through the straightjacket and diaper. The ride ended inside the playroom and Sherlock closed the door. He once strongly shoved and the cage rolled out. Both of them stared at the man inside whose eyes darted from Sherlock to John and back.
Perhaps John needed to calm him down? He had bought him and now had brought him here into this situation. Sherlock needed to be told how to behave. He needed to be ensured that he was doing just fine.
“Yes, I do. He is with me. And now it gets complicated.” Greg looked questioningly and Ian explained. Greg listened.
It would be a first for John. He never had penetrative sex with a man. He had done some kissing and groping back in university and also during the war but nothing more.
After one hour Sherlock had checked through three files and wrote down ways on how to approach best. He was resting in John's deck-chair almost all the way back with his legs up and his feet on the desk. His bare feet.
“I hope he will be recovering fully. He is strong. He can make it.” She quietly said sipping her drink.
“This is really very good. Tasty. I haven’t had something like this for ages.” Mycroft thoughtfully said.
In front of the bed, John shed his pyjamas and lay on his back. Very carefully Sherlock applied the ointment. John’s eyes were wide open when he took his prick in his hand. John hissed and Sherlock only moved feather-light over the abused flesh. When he was done, he pulled the pyjamas back up and crawled into bed with him.
Sherlock was the most attractive being he had ever been with. Well, he wasn’t exactly with him but he was around him. And he enjoyed it more and more.
One more time he increased the tempo. He let go of one hand but put his wrists together over his head and held them with his larger hand. Now he was able to tease, lick, and suck his nipples. This pushed him over the edge.
Sherlock worked swiftly, yet carefully, using a steady hand to place a clay-like substance into some pieces of foil. He wrapped everything up, looking behind his shoulder for any signs of entry before placing several foiled balls into his coat pocket. He then straightened himself out, remarking to himself how exhausted and horrible he looked from the last couple days, before exiting the restroom to walk back to the maximum-security cells.
“It’s funny that all of London is after my dear brother but I still get invited to important events.” Mycroft pointed to the telegram that had landed not too far away from John’s plate.
Moriarty sighed with relief as he sauntered over to his desk on the far end of his lavish office, one of the few typically reserved for only the most senior and respected of faculty members at the university. He tossed his lecture papers onto his desk before walking over to a tea cart where one of his research assistants had already began brewing him some tea.
Sherlock continued to rifle through his notes as John dozed off on the bed. Not too long after, the service bell rang, calling the house guests for dinner.
Mycroft sat up in his chair, turning to gawk at Sherlock. “Because you’re clearly distressed, dear brother. Clearly. The pendant?”
end up finding something to exonerate Dr. Watson…also I really shouldn’t be discussing the case with you. I’m not even the lead on this; Baynes is.”
John nodded as he sat back with a sigh. He closed his eyes, letting out one more sigh as he felt a hand on his thigh.
John nodded back slowly as he considered Sherlock’s reasoning. Well, he tried to anyway; John instinctively knew that Sherlock was probably the best person to solve this case and clear his name, however, the obstacle seemed too insurmountable.
Hi everyone! Just letting you know that I'm planning to post the next chapter the second week of May! I have a huge deadline the first week so I need some time to finish writing. Thanks for reading! :)
Sherlock nodded, but it was clear that he was still ruminating over the presence of the member of parliament. Eventually, John figured it was no use to try to get his companion to relax.
Sherlock motioned toward the back parlor. “Now, everyone, would you all please wait in the parlor while Dr. Watson and I investigate?”
Sherlock flipped to another page before walking to the other side of the parlor to find a vial he kept in his coat pocket.
“Fine.” John finally answered as he walked over to the other side of the bed to see what disguise Sherlock had picked out for him.
John laughed as he moved inward more to straddle Sherlock, but before going any further, the two men heard a loud knock at their door out in the sitting room.
Sherlock stood in the middle of the space before turning to the group. “You see, Miss. McArthur. No ghosts to speak off.”
Both Sherlock and John laughed as Mycroft took a sip from his tea. “Dear Doctor, I hope you managed not to get in the way of the great Sherlock Holmes as you are apt to do.” He sneered, making obvious that the bump to his head had only temporarily let his guard down to confess his true feelings toward John.
“And,” John held up a finger, “I correctly guessed that he would strike at the National Gallery. And I was right, because
A man showed Moriarty through the main area of an opium den near the docks before they find the office in the back. The man opened the door for the professor who barely acknowledged him before walking into the office.
“I’m coming!” He finally opened eyes in a huff as he launched himself out of his chair to march to the front door that led into his sitting room.
Baynes opened a desk drawer to find a matchbox. He struck a match before using it to burn the telegram. He let the paper burn for some time before tossing it into the waste basket next to his desk. He then shuffled around some papers on his desk before rising to exit the office. He walked down the hallway before entering a medium-sized room reserved for important updates on high-profile cases.
Once they arrived at one of the rowhouses labeled “23”, Sherlock motioned again for Wiggins to follow him slowly into the building. They entered, walking down the hallway, immediately seeing a door to one of the units flung wide open. Sherlock held up a hand for Wiggins to stay still as he approached the unit, inching his way to the open door.
Sherlock laughed as both John and Lestrade looked at each other with confused expressions. “Yes, that’s
“Well, dear, I hope you’re happy now. You got your chase and your grand reveal.” John teased as he helped Sherlock out of the house.
are you being framed, something about all of this is bigger than it appears. But I’m afraid I cannot provide further details as we are being watched.”
John lifted his head slightly to respond with a nod. He had no idea what his colleague had gotten himself into; not only was Carberry’s experiment possibly hurting people, he was dead and John was now a fugitive. John groaned again which prompted Sherlock to gently rub him on the back.
Sherlock stepped toward the front door of the sitting room to stop the police from exiting with John. “Detective Baynes, you of all people should know you’ll need more than just a visit for an arrest. I’m sure Dr. Carberry is more popular than you give him credit.”
Sherlock looked up from the paper to give John a steely eyed expression which John took as a sign that he might have ventured too far in possibly insulting his companion’s expertise.
“Well, I think I spoke too soon about the year presenting you with your most trying case to date, Holmes.” He attempted half-heartedly with a shrug.
Sherlock stared back at Mycroft, taking a moment before sighing heavily. He turned, dragging his feet to the sofa by the fireplace.
Lestrade took another moment to himself as he quickly figured out his next steps before walking away from the scene.
John stared at Sherlock, lost by the comment as Sherlock began humming to himself once more as he looked through the book he was holding. After a second or two, he closed the book which produced a quiet thud filled with dust that had settled on the barely used book.
Wiggins nodded before quietly crossing the room behind Mycroft who appeared unaware that they had company as he dished out two pastries for himself and Sherlock, still complaining about his brother living in the city. Wiggins managed to close the door to the sitting room quietly as Mycroft finished his thought.
“Seems as if the amusement with murder is a Holmes Family trait.” John scoffed as Sherlock tugged on his arm to follow him.
John’s eyes went wide as he froze in the doorway. “Holmes! We can’t go back to the city. We’re on the run from the police. Remember?!” John knew Sherlock had a penchant for recklessness, even before getting caught up in the factory explosion, but this recent proposal went too far.
John nodded, still confused as to why this employee seemed to be following him. “Ah, and what can I help you with?”
Sherlock shushed John as they walked briskly through the corridor until they found the door leading to the back alley of the building.
“Indeed, Mycroft, but I’ve gotten more than just rest.” Sherlock sat up in the sofa before rising to walk to the fireplace.
Sherlock was on his knees, hunched over a spot which he eyed with his magnifying glass. He was surrounded by John and one other person: an American heiress married to a British noble who lived out on the edge of London. John and the heiress were watching Sherlock scurry around in the garden behind a grand mansion.
The secretary smiled before closing the door. “Holmes,” John started as he turned to sit on the sofa, “what should we do now?”
“I believe the two historians hired first had bickered with each other over the direction of the exhibit. So, the director thought it would be easier to hire a new one.”
“Well, Mr. Holmes, maybe we can continue this riveting debate at the end of the session. I would love to hear more of your thoughts.”
“Fine,” John started as he sat back into his seat, “but if we don’t find anything quickly, we need to leave right away.”
Clara looked sternly at Sherlock. “After dinner, in this room, Mr. Standish whispered that he knew who I was and that I wouldn’t get away this time. I had expected this, but the threat was too great not to dismiss. After everyone retired, he followed me back into the dining room. He said he knew who I was ‘despite my fancy hair and new clothes…’I told him that he couldn’t hurt me anymore and that I was going to expose his secret…”
“I’m serious, Mycroft. You can either go with me or stay here. But I’m getting Watson out of that prison.”
Sherlock shook his head as he attempted to calm John down by rubbing his shoulder. “Not yet, but there’s an unexplained piece to the puzzle that we have stumbled upon. Could you please have Ms. Coventry met us in the sitting room?”
James turned bright red as he sat up straighter in the chair, causing everyone else to gasp at the revelation.
To be honest, Lestrade, despite his antics and mannerisms, always appreciated having the famed Sherlock Holmes assist him in cases. However, as the days wore on, every incident that had any relevancy to the case only added more damning evidence to John’s supposed guilt.
“Holmes!” John shouted, his body swinging against the train. He saw Sherlock jump out of the window right before an explosion erupted from the other side of the train, tearing its way through the back end of the train before separating the dining car from the rest of the train Sherlock and John were currently hanging from.
“Oh, Sherlock, I saw the paper!” Mary responded through the hug, “I can’t believe what they’re saying about John! This can’t be true!”
Lestrade paused as he stared back at Sherlock who was listening intently. “…this could be bigger than it really is…”
Lestrade shook his head as he stood his ground against Sherlock. He stared back at him before sighing loudly.
“I’ll be down in a second.” Mr. McArthur then ran quickly up the grand stairs, “and can someone please take their luggage upstairs! What am I paying you all for?” He shouted as he ran through the second floor to his bedroom. Suddenly, one of Mr. Arthur’s butlers appeared out of nowhere to haul Sherlock and John’s bags up to their room.
Dear reader, I regret to inform you that Dr. John Watson, the main suspect in the murder case of Dr. James Carberry, has escaped from Westgate.
John staggered back a step as he looked back down at the pile of spoons before looking back at Sherlock who was now reviewing pages out of Carberry’s journal.
John, without wasting another moment, ran toward the hansom, and the driver took off as soon as both men were inside. John was too disoriented by the situation to fully comprehend that his companion had just helped him escape from Westgate.
Sherlock waved a hand behind himself to quiet Mycroft as he used a little pair of scissors to cut a piece of cloth that had been damaged by the attack and was covered in blood.
Sherlock sighed a huge sigh of relief as he slumped down in the back of the hansom. His body wobbled with the carriage as it made its way back to Baker Street. Sherlock paid the driver before dragging his weary body out of the hansom and up the stairs to the sitting room, slumping to the floor as soon as he made it inside.
Before Sherlock could counter, Mycroft appeared behind them. “So sorry to interrupt, but, dear brother, who would you like to interrogate first?” His expression could barely contain his excitement with the situation.
Sherlock shook his head as he showed John the luggage that had colorful ties attached to the handle to indicate which was theirs.
“…but really, Sherlock,” the front door to the sitting room opened as Mycroft walked inside, “…I wish you would consider moving out near me. The options at this so-called bakery are abysmal—” he interrupted himself as he noticed Sherlock fidgeting on the sofa.
“I think the priest’s nephew went to the smelting factory to stop the production because the weight of his uncle’s death was too much to bear. That can’t be the only site, which means we need to trace any connection to the drugs. However, in the meantime, if we figure out what Carberry was trying to achieve, it may prove useful in stopping Schuller and whoever he is working for.”
“Come on, dear! We don’t want to lose daylight!” Sherlock shouted from inside as John finished packing the items.
Two officers took a hold of Sherlock before he barely made a move. Lestrade walked up to the group. “Holmes, don’t make me do this.”
Sherlock nodded as he walked over to the telegraph box hanging on the wall next to the door that led into the hallway. He grabbed a hanger hanging on the hall tree for guest coats before using it to pry open the telegraph box. John gasped before settling as he watched Sherlock pull some wires out of the box. The box sparked a few times before Sherlock closed it. He then calmly walked over to the sofa to sit down with John who looked flabbergasted.
Before anyone could react, Gladstone appeared suddenly in front of Sherlock, John and Mrs. Hudson, growling at Detective Baynes who yelped from the provocation.
Sherlock, dizzy from the impact, then ran into a fruit stand, knocking it over which luckily obscured the path of the thugs who were on his tail. Sherlock ran to another street corner, looking both ways before running into a nearby pub.
Mycroft hummed to himself as he read the newspaper, but before he could really consume the latest political news, there was a knock at the door. Mycroft wiped his hands with a napkin before sauntering to the door. As soon as he opened it, he expressed his confusion, for he did not recognize the visitor.
Mycroft stared back at Sherlock, seemingly appearing as if he was weighing such an important decision against whatever was secretly bothering him.
Sherlock ignored his brother as he managed to pry the old window open before hopping inside. He poked his head.
The guide nodded again as she directed Sherlock and John to the reception desk. She walked behind the desk to grab the log.
Sherlock watched for a second before turning to John, clearly unbothered by Madame Loire’s fainting spells.
Sherlock stuffed Dr. Carberry’s journal into his coat pocket along with one of the vials before marching back to the broken window without another word.
“Warden James!” The director greeted as he turned slightly to acknowledge Mycroft and Sherlock, “we have an esteemed guest in our presence. Mr. Holmes here would like to visit with the doctor.”
John hopped away from the detective as soon as he saw that Sherlock had wrestled Detective Baynes to the floor. Both men had firm holds on the other as they struggled to get back to a standing position. At one point, Sherlock had knocked Detective Bayne’s revolver out of his hands which sent the weapon sliding near John. John grabbed the revolver and attempted to aim at Detective Baynes, but he couldn’t get a clear shot without possibly injuring Sherlock.
Mr. McArthur stepped forward. “But, Mr. Holmes, how did you know that…,” he waved a hand at Madame Loire’s son,” this ghost over here knew the ‘Lotus Encounter’?”
Sherlock’s expression contorted with satisfaction. “That seems unsurprising. May we see the visitor log?”
“We’re going to Mycroft’s estate,” John could hear Sherlock through the daze, “he’ll join us there later once he realizes that we’re gone.”
Mr. McArthur laughed heartily. “Mr. Holmes, please! It’s my pleasure to have the great Sherlock Holmes and Dr. John Watson stay with my family for a week,” he then shook John’s hand before turning toward the front of the house, beckoning them inside, “you have no idea how delighted we are. You’re quite the talk at dinner.”
École as my son calls it. All I know is it was expensive. The school’s tuition was free—even for Americans!—But James’s lifestyle habits put a dent in my account!” He laughed heartily as he looked back at his son who looked annoyed by the conversation.
“Uh, well.” The man responded, struggling to answer back. It was obvious he hadn’t expected for Moriarty to consider out loud the possibility of dropping Schuller.
“Ms. Coventry, could you please send in Mr. Fedorov. And your secret is safe with us…” Sherlock motioned for Bridget to exit the room.
“Everyone,” Sherlock addressed as he let John take a full hold of the culprit that had been terrorizing the entire evening, “this is Madame Loire’s son.”
James shook his head. “No, let it be, Mary. Maybe we can convince him not to take the guests here.” And with that, he walked away from his sister as he headed to saloon to exit the house.
“Exactly, Watson,” Sherlock answered, “I think it’s safe to assume that our Henry is a dock worker who also owns a Colt Peterson.”
The ringing in Sherlock’s ear finally subsided as he looked from side to side to see that he was lying on his back in the middle of the street.
As she reached forward near Sherlock, something fell out of her pocket. Sherlock noticed and reached downward to recover it for her.
Sherlock waved Mycroft off as he approached the guard post. “May I help you, gentlemen?” The guard asked.
Sherlock grinned as he leaned backward in his chair. “Mycroft keeps peculiar company, but I assure you he is only a fan of yours.”
Sherlock nodded as he turned to walk to the kitchen island where he stored some items for his experiment.
Mycroft pursed his lips again as he eyed his brother whose expression only remained surprisingly content. Mycroft shuffled back on forth on his feet, seemingly uncomfortable with how reasonable Sherlock was being in the moment. But then, after a few more awkward glances that failed to decipher any true meaning behind his brother’s façade, Mycroft sighed, throwing his hands up into the air as he sat down in a chair near the fireplace.
John sighed in his head as he dressed, taking his time to cross the bedroom floor to reach the door. He took another moment, reminding himself of the strategies he typically used when dealing with Mycroft in order to prevent any unnecessary confrontation.
“Should I even ask how you know we’re here…” Sherlock angrily whispered as they approached the area where the prisoners were detained.
Mycroft turned around to sit down in a chair next to Sherlock. “I really do hope you know what you’re doing, Sherly.”
Moriarty bade Schuller goodbye before marching down the hallway. “I need the first batch ready to go by the time Whitehall starts his speech.” Moriarty motioned for the man who had followed him from Schuller’s room to keep up his pace. They walked into the main space to find everyone else working quickly.
John hesitated before following, stopping short to look at the clothes left strewn about on the top sheet. He then looked over at Sherlock who was now holding the violin case.
“Coney’s back early from his lunch, but it seems that we’ve been given some time by a good Samaritan.” Sherlock explained as he pushed open the door.
Detective Baynes took his time acknowledging the officer as soon as Lestrade was out of sight. “Good,” he turned to face the officer directly, “anything in that room is evidence. Make sure it doesn’t get lost on its way to the Yard. Understood?” He commanded firmly which prompted the officer to nod back similarly.
Mycroft jumped up from his chair to step in front of Sherlock with an outstretched hand to stop him from leaving.
case. This is it; I’m telling you. There’s no way we can come back from this. The only feasible connection we had was with that nephew.” John’s body shuddered again as he felt ill thinking about that innocent young man falling into the vats.
John stared wide eyed at Sherlock as if he didn’t understand him. After a moment of silence, he finally nodded back as Sherlock let go of his face. John walked back to the chair he was sitting in before.
“I love you, too…” Sherlock answered. They stayed like this before John maneuvered them to the bed, gently pushing Sherlock onto his back before lying on top of him. They continued to kiss one another, letting their hands travel against the other.
“Oy!” One of the police officers standing watch banged on the cell bars with his night stick, “cut it out, you louts!”
Sherlock stuffed the vials into his coat pocket before straightening up to exit the room. Wiggins followed him out until they were back on the street.
John interrupted Sherlock by pulling him into a tight hug. He could feel that Sherlock was stunned by his response but then felt his companion hug him back after a second or so.
Sherlock nodded as he beckoned Wiggins further inside toward his desk. “Wiggins, you’ve always been my most trusted informant…” he tore a page out of the book on the desk before grabbing one of the vials.
Sherlock looked down at the bag to see that the initials on the back of the pendant did indeed match John’s initials.
They listened to the men a little while longer, but the conversation never yielded anything else substantial.
Right at this moment there was a terrifying scream coming from below. No longer wasting time, both John and Sherlock rushed toward the source of the screaming. They ran down the staircase, hearing the scream grow louder, recognizing that it was coming from the dining room.
“Schuller wrote down what we need to manufacture the drug. We don’t need him. He’s holding us back.”
John was still staring down at the vat as if Henry would magically reappear, unscathed, signaling that this was all a dream or some horrible nightmare that was brought on by anxiety-induced insomnia from having to spend the weekend at Mycroft’s.
After listening to Standish retell a run-in with a colleague of his who had drawn his wrath for not supporting a particular policy, the group slowly dispersed for the night.
Sherlock nodded but he kept his eyes on his samples. “There are tear patterns here that closely resemble teeth marks…”
Sherlock motioned for Wiggins to stay near the door to the room as he walked over to the man. He searched around the body before collecting some samples. He then straightened up, observing the body to find a set of teeth marks.
“I’ve been following you for some time, Doctor…you’re an easy target. You have predictable habits—well outside the work you’ve done with the
Mary sighed as she walked toward him, giving him a hug upon impact. Sherlock held still as she hugged him.
Lestrade prevented himself from rolling his eyes; anything coming out of the detective’s mouth always sounded incredibly disingenuous, especially of late.
John took a sharp turn that bounced Sherlock around in his seat. “Holmes, I would appreciate it in the future if you would tell me that I would end up spending a long, much-needed vacation with your brother. You know Mycroft’s feelings towards me.”
Mamhud nodded slowly, looking downward and away. “I was in my room, but I had nothing to do with the murder.”
“You don’t think I know that, Mycroft?” Sherlock huffed as he spun around to face his desk, “that’s why we need to get Watson out of Westgate.”
“No, dear. Not this time because I knew you would fuss. This is all of ours,” he pointed to the pieces he separated from the rest, “and it seems as if you have stolen someone else’s valuables.” He pointed behind John at a couple of women standing behind them, clearly annoyed that John had taken their bags.
Detective Baynes eyed John before sitting down in a chair at the table across from him. His expression remained unchanging until he cracked a slight smile.
Lestrade frowned, a little put off by Sherlock’s response. After a moment he smiled slightly just to remain calm before finally letting Sherlock leave the office. Sherlock rushed out into the hallway without further explanation. Lestrade sighed before saying goodbye to Mycroft and Mary who then followed Sherlock down the hallway.
. Moriarty smiled slightly as he pulled the top of the book downward before placing it upright. He stepped to the side as a mechanism embedded within the bookcase clicked.
Sherlock grinned as he walked to his desk to write a note before putting it in his pocket. “I’ll have you know, Mr. Wiggins, that I’ve managed to go undetected with many a 'getup' such as the one I’m currently donning.”
“Sherly…” Mycroft stayed near the street, looking around anxiously, “I’m beginning to think this is an unwise, if not deeply dreadful idea.”
Sherlock nodded as he fished out Carberry’s journal from his back pocket. “…in Carberry’s journal, he referenced an ‘H.S.’ I didn’t make this connection until much later, but obviously the ‘H.S.’ refers to Hans Schuller…”
“Watson!” Sherlock shouted as he was now dealing with the two other train employees. John looked behind himself before looking at the employee he had halted.
A shockwave of terror shot throughout John’s body as soon as he heard a voice greet him. He stayed in his position before slowly turning around, trying to keep himself from reacting in a panic. As he turned to face the middle space of the upper floor, John could see Detective Baynes standing on the landing to the interior staircase leading from the ground floor of the sawmill.
“James,” the director finally stepped forward toward the main cell door,” can you please open the door to allow Mr. Holmes to see Dr. Watson?”
Mr. McArthur grinned. “I’m sorry. Could you tell the rest that we’re having dinner at the old house tonight?”
John regained his senses as he managed to hold onto something outside the train as his body swung outside.
“My apologies, Miss. I didn’t see you there.” He held out a hand to shake the woman’s who accepted it wholeheartedly.
Something about the comment changed Whitehall’s expression again, but it didn’t deter Moriarty who remained still and serene.
Mycroft shrugged as he sat down. “He said Lestrade probably knows more than he’s letting on. Or something rather.” He waved his hand around casually as Stanley entered the room with two dinner plates.
John looked around the street. He could see someone standing next to a hansom shouting for someone to call the police. John nodded as he let Sherlock guide him into an alley to wait for a clear opening before calling on a hansom to drive them back to Mycroft’s estate.
“You can stop here, thank you.” Sherlock called to their driver as they approached the side of the church.
John shook his head. “What? No! I did not kill him…I left after about an hour. I was home when this happened.”
Sherlock turned to face John before looking over at Gladstone. “Gladstone was trying to protect me, but then he fell over…” Sherlock motioned toward the vat.
John looked after him before glancing out the opening. He could see a group of policemen standing near the edge of the cliff.
Mycroft, stunned by his brother’s unexpected reaction, stood silently as he expressed his confusion. “You’re sure, Sherly?”
Sherlock found some of his wayward case notes scattered about the table and the floor. He made a noise as John handed him his cup.
John wrestled awake from his sleep, groaning from his sleep being interrupted in the middle of its cycle.
John reached out his hand again to stop Sherlock. “Need I remind you that the police are looking for us, so Baker Street is definitely out of the question.”
“Sherly.” Sherlock could hear Mycroft trying to speak to him, but he was too busy collecting samples around the scene. He bagged a few strands of hair and more samples of the priest’s clothing.
“Baynes!” Lestrade called, rising from his desk to catch up with the detective who was already halfway down the hallway.
“Dr. Watson was the last to see Dr. Carberry. His servants are witnesses to this visit.” He vaguely explained as one of the police officers marched toward John to restrain him in handcuffs. John could hardly response as he let the officer escort him out of the sitting room.
Still holding onto Bridget, John let out the most dramatic groan. “Holmes!” He began through shear exasperation and disregard for the situation, “this was supposed to be a vacation!”
“Holmes!” John shouted as he quickly followed, finding Sherlock running toward the luggage car, “what in God’s sake is going on?! And what are you wearing?!”
After waiting for some time, Sherlock managed to sneak further into the ground floor space unnoticed. He hid behind a stack of unmarked barrels as he listened the remaining men chat about the explosive. Sherlock could gather from their conversation that they were Russian, yet he could only surmise some details from their conversation. However, as Sherlock listened on, those details were the only ones needed to gather a fuller picture of whomever had framed John for murder and was also in connection with the mysterious drug circulating London…
James hesitated as he approached the door, taking a deep breath before walking briskly out of the house and toward their automobile. Mary wasn’t too far behind, but she stayed on the portico, looking back and forth out onto the driveway, too scared to follow.
After a minute or so, Sherlock remerged from the bedroom, dressed like a dock worker, causing Wiggins to giggle uncontrollably.
Mycroft rolled his eyes as he tried get comfortable in his chair but flinched from his elbow injury. “I’m serious when I say that you need to let the police do their jobs. Now you think the murder of a priest has something to do with Dr. Watson?”
“Morpeth?” John, a bit stronger than Sherlock considering he had sustained less injuries from the fall, walked ahead of him to get their coats, “Holmes, it’ll take half the day to get to Morpeth and we’re running out of time.”
Sherlock looked at her intently. “I think not, Ms. Clara. What happened sounds like self-defense. Also, it also sounds as if we should hold a parade in your honor for exposing that terrorist plot.” He ended with a kind smile.
Lestrade took in a deep breath as he sat down in his favorite armchair that was positioned next to the fireplace. He took in one last breath as he settled into his seat, telling himself that he needed to calm down despite feeling overly anxious about the Carberry case.
“Watson,” John perked up as he heard Sherlock whisper ahead of him, “I’ll stay down below, and you go up.”
Sherlock struggled against Lestrade before breaking free. “Guards!” Lestrade shouted, waving for some officers to catch Sherlock before he could get further down the hallway toward the evidence room.
Then, as it all became clear as his companion sat in total silence, refusing to elaborate, John seethed.
“What? Wait!” John squeaked as he shuffled around in his chair. Detective Baynes stepped to the side to let two guards into the room. They unlocked John’s restrains before marching him out of the room, out of the building and into a police wagon that was stuffed full of other prisoners. John bounced around in the wagon as it drove for what felt like ages until making an abrupt stop.
Sherlock Holmes.” Detective Baynes grinned as he laid heavy emphasis the word “great,” making it clear that he was mocking Sherlock’s accomplishments.
Mary nodded before opening the door again. “I’ll go now. Give me one minute before leaving.” She commanded before disappearing out into the hallway.
She pointed to the knife. “Viktor enjoys hunting, so I had brought that with me as a present to celebrate our anniversary. I didn’t realize it was taken from my room until you showed it to me just now…”
John, annoyed with himself that he had taken the bait, sighed as he rolled his eyes. “What about it, Holmes?”
“We…found…him…like this…this morning, officer…” One of the voices explained, “this is such a tragedy…”
John glanced downward to see that there were now three men standing next to the vats, but he saw no sign of Sherlock. John wasn’t sure if it was a smart idea to follow his companion; any more movement or sound could tip off the men below, which put the himself, Sherlock, and Gladstone in greater danger.
Detective Baynes punctuated the end of his sentence by staring back at Lestrade who looked visibly agitated. The move prompted Lestrade to rush out of the room without any preamble. Detective Baynes watched him leave before turning back to the rest of the officers who were confused by Lestrade’s behavior.
Sherlock let John kiss him again, but he looked away. “Watson, you’re going to have to do better than that.”
“Standish recognized you, although you must have changed your appearance for safety.” Sherlock surmised.
John grabbed Detective Baynes, wrapping an arm around his neck as Sherlock ran for the revolver. Detective Baynes struggled against John before punching him in the stomach which sent John to the floor writhing in pain. Sherlock lunged for Detective Baynes, grabbing him by the waist. Detective Baynes knocked the revolver out of Sherlock’s hand, but that allowed Sherlock to tighten his hold on the detective.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock managed to pull off in a higher voice octave, “but I think there’s something wrong with my compartment.”
Lestrade then walked around his desk, toward the office door, to peek out into the hallway before closing the door.
Sherlock placed the paper on the table before pouring himself a cup of tea. “Let’s hope he doesn’t try something drastic in the interim.”
Mycroft returned the expression, seemingly unmoved. “Sherlock, I am not moving. You’re too upset. Do you really want to continue in the state you’re in? You may end up a making costly mistake.”
“My dear brother doesn’t do well with fans, I’m afraid.” He smiled at the guards, however they still appeared uncomfortable at possibly offending Sherlock.
Sherlock managed to wiggle out of Detective Baynes’s grasp, but the move landed both men on the floor once more, rolling around on the creaky floorboards. John tried reaching for Detective Baynes, but he evaded his grasp as he wrenched away from Sherlock, knocking the revolver out of John’s hands.
John glanced around the area; he could see a staircase leading to the upper floors of the sawmill. John looked for Sherlock once more, confirming to himself that his companion was fine on his own before making his way quietly to the staircase.
James stepped toward his father with his arms out. “Father, thank you so much!” He tried to give Mr. McArthur a hug, but the latter recoiled before settling into the embrace.
Sherlock nodded as he retained his smile. “Of course, Mycroft. Aren’t you? You’re the one who so graciously offered. Of which I also very much appreciate.”
John sighed heavily as he stood up, telling himself that he needed to remain clearheaded and focus. He rubbed his forehead as he glanced around the space once more. There were several openings in the upper story that allowed the light from the moon to filter in. John walked over to one of the openings, looking downward to see that half of the sawmill was supported by stilts built into a cliff side.
“That sounds like a wonderful idea.” Sherlock interrupted his brother as he turned to face him with a broad smile, “leaving this dreadful city so we can focus on Watson’s case is probably the best thing for the both of us.”
Sherlock smiled as he walked into the middle of the room. “It was obvious from the very beginning that the ghost,” Sherlock turned to point back at Madame Loire’s son, “had help. I had my suspicions, of course.” He then looked directly at Madame Loire. “Madame Loire, you lied to me when you told me you hadn’t seen your son in ages, correct? Actually, I saw the two of you back at Mr. McArthur’s mansion before we came over here for dinner, correct?”
Mycroft pointed to a well-dressed man asking some of the police officers questions. “Well, it appears that Conrad Coney has caught wind of this tragedy…”
Coney nodded as he couldn’t help himself from being flattered by the attention. “Why, yes I am. You say you read my column
Detective Baynes sighed before looking back at the house. “And it was only the other day that the Judge had graced me with his presence at the Yard.” He grinned at Lestrade once more before turning around to walk over to a group of other officers.
Fedorov’s mouth fell open as he took a seat; he hung his head low. Sherlock and John waited for him to answer, but before he could say anything, they heard shouting coming from the solarium.
The director eyed Mycroft before accepting the pass. He looked it over once before looking up at both Mycroft and Sherlock with a genuine smile.
“Well...,” John rubbed the back of his head as he thought about having dinner alone with Mycroft. He noted to himself that he hadn’t eaten anything substantial since the night Carberry died which made him feel even more hungry. But having dinner with Mycroft alone sounded unpleasant at best.
“May I help you gentlemen?” The secretary peered suspiciously at both Sherlock and John as if their costumes were unsettling.
“The judge must have entered and left through a service entrance to the building to avoid detection,” Sherlock answered as he walked to the office window overlooking the street, “would make for another scandal if anyone saw the judge enter such an establishment…” Sherlock let his conclusion hang as he looked out the window.
The men that had been chasing Sherlock were standing outside of the pub, waiting for him to come out. After a moment, a man wearing dirty clothes that were a little too big for him, walked out of the pub. He greeted the men before walking past them and down the street before breaking out into a run to hail a hansom.
Sherlock chuckled. “I haven’t forgotten, Watson.” He then walked ahead with Gladstone holding out one of Henry’s hats he had found back in his room.
“Is this really necessary?” John responded as a police officer shoved him into a cramped cell that was occupied by three other people.
John rolled his eyes at the word “associates” as he fumbled behind Sherlock and Mycroft with most of their luggage.
And it had become clear, by the end of the man’s statement, that the joviality in the room had dissipated. Yet, Sherlock only nodded at the man at the end.
“To investigate the cause of that raucous.” Sherlock grimaced at John before brushing his hand away.
John smiled broadly as Mary ran across the room to give him a hug. She then stepped back before punching John in the arm who recoiled on impact.
The train employee scrunched up his face at the sound of Sherlock’s voice, but waved it off. He peered inside anyway.
John ignored him as he continued. “We then went to Turner’s final resting place, Saint Paul’s, where, I might add, we would have gotten our man if you hadn't slowed the chase, Holmes.” As he spoke, John turned to stare indignantly at Sherlock who seemed unbothered by the provocation.
As soon as Moriarty finished speaking, the students in the auditorium quickly packed up their things to head out, some lingering and chatting with one another.
“Watson, we’re almost there.” John felt a hand on his shoulder, which instantly calmed his nerves to a degree but he couldn’t help but feel overwhelmed.
John sighed heavily as he helped Mary settle Madame Loire into a chair. “Holmes, I really think there’s a more plausible explanation for this.”
“Holmes…” John began, too stunned to really comprehend what had just happened to Henry, “I'm not sure, but I think I recognized that man…He was in a cell with me…the morning they took me to Scotland Yard…”
“…murder…?” John let out, clearly disturbed that Dr. Carberry was dead, yet unable to fully articulate himself.
John joined Sherlock who was rummaging through some papers before finding a scrap with an address scrawled on it. He then picked up an empty vial from a stack on the desk.
“For god’s sake!” The man muttered to himself as another ring penetrated his solitude. He rose from his chair in his library in a huff, tossing his book onto his desk as he straightened himself out before walking through the hall passage to get to the vestibule to answer his inconvenient caller.
“I just don’t know why someone would do something like this…” John let out as he buried his head into his hands.
Mycroft sighed again as he crossed the room with the vial. “One of my informants has been tracking down this new drug that’s been circulating recently. Not entirely sure of its effects, but…”
“From these samples, it appears that whoever owned the animal may work at a dock, perhaps, or…” Sherlock then turned back to his book to flip through a few more pages until he stopped on one page.
“Watson! We need to leave!” John then felt a hand on his shoulder. After another wave of mental and emotional sickness, John finally looked up at Sherlock who had a panicked expression on his face.
Sherlock barely acknowledged Mycroft as he finally descended the hansom to walk briskly to the main entrance of the prison. He wrenched opened the unnecessarily heavy doors, walking inside to find a guard at the entrance post, reading a novel.
Sherlock huffed as he unbuttoned his shirt before joining John in the bed. As soon as he was near the edge, John reached out for him, hugging him close to his body as soon as he was on the bed.
“Mr. ‘olmes?” Sherlock turned around to see that Wiggins was holding some vials he had found in an opposite corner, “these look like the vials you gave me.”
“Well, that’s because he’s trying to protect you, Doctor.” Mycroft answered as a matter of fact before sipping from his wine glass.
The employee smiled slightly. “I matched you to our train manifest. I saw you leave your compartment before coming to the dining car.”
John struggled, dropping some more luggage which caused the nosiest crash. Some of the dock workers sneered at him as they tried to get by to tend to other ships and cargo.
“Kind sir,” Sherlock started, watching the man slowly look up at him, his body wobbly from drinking all day, “how much for your clothes?”
Sherlock sighed as he crossed his arms, sitting up in the bed. “Why don’t you draw your own conclusions then, my dear Watson? You appear to have the upper hand in this case.”
Sherlock patted John on the shoulder before exiting. He tried to hold his arms out for Mycroft, but the other had grabbed him too tightly.
“Dr. Moriarty.” Suddenly, Schuller turned around in his chair to face Moriarty and the exiting henchman.
The police officer looked at his colleagues, shrugging before ordering them to get an ambulance. As soon as Sherlock and John were left alone in the dining room, John stopped Sherlock with an outstretched hand.
“Indeed!” Mr. McArthur slapped the armrest of his chair again, “say, what do you two gentlemen think of having dinner in the old house tonight? I’ll get my servants to go ahead and set it up for us.”
“…oh, and the government could really use someone with your expertise, Sherly.” Mycroft handed Sherlock a plate before sitting down across from him.
John automatically nodded back, but for some reason, it pained him to hear that Sherlock had been so upset. He thought back to the way his companion looked the morning they threw John into a cell at Scotland Yard before transporting him to Westgate.
As John reached for Saxon, he tripped over Sherlock’s leg, hitting the floor face first as Sherlock managed to get a better grip on Saxon.
“Glad to know that Lord Collingwood’s house is still in order.” John quipped as he followed Sherlock up to a tiny desk in the main hallway of the house. There was a guide sitting at the desk, looking through some documents. As soon as she noticed Sherlock and John, she quickly rounded the desk to greet them.
Sherlock nodded as he watched John cross the sitting room to retrieve his coat before exiting to travel to his patient’s home.
Lestrade nodded as he crossed his arms. He sighed, shuffling on his feet. “I need to speak with you about the Carberry case.”
“Good.” Sherlock sat back before looking at John who still looked incredibly confused. “I’ll explain everything when we get to the estate, Watson. But for now, young Wiggins gathered some items for me to help with the escape. Homemade smoke bombs that triggered the poorly designed cell door system.”
John was facing an incensed Sherlock on a train platform. One of the train employees passed by them, shouting for everyone to board the train. Sherlock had his arms crossed with one eyebrow raised.
“I admit I already helped myself to a drink without being offered.” Sherlock reached out for him and placed his fingers on his thigh.
“I will ask him. I will spend time with Greg without you disturbing us. Perhaps, I should make sure you can’t leave the flat. What do you think?” John stared into Sherlock’s eyes.
He opened the door and hurried upstairs. He pushed open the door into 221B and hammered on the light switch.
“You won’t be alone with him, I assure you. When I arrived at his place, he was just having dinner and I was still tense, worried, not myself. So, when he offered me a share, I just took it.”
Finally, he decided to call his hospital. The secretary told him he had left on time. He thanked her and ended the call.
He slowly woke and groaned. The ground beneath him was hard and cold. The place was dark and he blinked several times until he was able to see shadows. He carefully felt over his body and found he was naked.
“No, I am coming with. I don't want to be alone. Left behind. I will stay indoors. I don't mind. Please, take me with you...” John calmed him down at once.
“Help me up, please. I want to sit with you and drink something. Also, the nuts I brought.” Mycroft held out his hand and Greg grabbed him and pulled. Mycroft stumbled forward and ended in his strong arms. Both men quietly laughed because he was wobbling a bit. Greg helped him over to the sofa and made him sit.
“We watched the castle for several hours, actually since we found him here. There were guards at first but never down here. John Watson had sent them away except for two guards by the door who are probably supposed to alert him when anyone approaches.” Greg nodded.
John tried to stop the bleeding and then covered him with the blanket because his body already was way too cold. Then he stood and pulled the body up with him. He carried him over his shoulder since no ribs were broken. He was bruised though.
“So perfect for me ...” He carded through his hair again. He also palmed his crotch. His own cock was straining against his silken boxers and he gave in. He hooked the chain from his collar down to his wrists and forced John's head up.
“Yes, I know. But I already wondered what I can do to vary your diet. Except for spicing it, I mean.”
“I already thought of paying everything he is going to consume in our local for the next months.” John said laughing. Sherlock chuckled as well.
“What?” He yelled at the woman bowing her head. She took it though because she actually knew her boss would never hurt her.
Mycroft felt Greg's blood pulse, smelled his arousal, and felt his prick against his cold body. He quietly snarled and let go of him. He kept holding him by the shoulders though.
“Thank you, Sherlock, I appreciate it. Just help to make the flat not a too messy place?” Now Sherlock smiled.
“You wish she would die; you could kill her?” John stilled. How did he know? He was able to read his mind, he knew it. It had been the same with the Afghan back then.
“Well, yes?” Greg grinned up at him and this boyish expression did it for Mycroft. He took Greg’s hand and placed it on his crotch.
“Yes, Master. John.” He quickly disappeared into the bath and showered. He also hung up the towel. He dried his hair as much as possible in his hurry to get back to his dom. And he stayed naked since he had done the same. He knew what to expect and went back outside.
“As a teenager, I fell in love with my teacher. I used to spy on her, wanted to find out if she had a boyfriend. I knew she wasn't married. So, once I followed her home and looked into her window. I sneaked into her back-yard to do so because no one was supposed to see me. But back then I had no idea how to do this correctly. That's why she found me lurking there.”
One evening John enjoyed the sight of Sherlock in bondage. He had bound his arms up and his calves to his thighs. A thick electric vibrator stuck inside his arse. He wasn't gagged for once and his hair was wild and flowing towards his shoulders. John was rock hard.
He pulled him off the wall and over to the bed. He pushed him down and quickly pulled off his jeans. It flew to the side while Mycroft pulled his jumper over his head and threw it after his jeans. Only his jumper landed elegantly draped over the back of a chair while the trousers had ended up on the floor.
John watched him and his long hair that again and again fell into his face and on the table. He really loved the hair but it bothered him during dinner. And it wasn't nice to have one's hair fall into the food. He sighed and reached into his pocket.
“What I did today.” John leant back in his armchair. Curiously he watched him fidgeting around in his own.
“Yes, one wish.” Sherlock opened a bottle of wine and he was still naked. Then he drank being naked. John expectantly looked at him.
“My forensics are upstairs. There are traces of blood and a fight probably happened. I strongly advise you to move into my brother's bedroom for the time being.” Mycroft suggested and John quickly agreed.
His head shot up when he heard the thump coming from the bedroom followed by a quiet groan. He hurried back inside and found John right in front of the door to the bath. He was down on the hardwood and he looked as if being in pain.
“I just keep hoping for the outcome.” Sherlock whispered back. They kissed some more until Sherlock finally rolled on his back. John’s nose touched his skin.
“We will interview them very thoroughly after they have come back. You will go to the pub with Lestrade and I will see my brother for breakfast in the Diogenes. And tomorrow morning I will send a text to Lestrade.” John thought about it for a second and then nodded.
“Stay. I’ll get your coffee.” John listened to him cluttering about in the kitchen, then he dropped something and finally, he heard the ding of the microwave. Sherlock returned with two mugs and sat beside John who now had moved up and rested against the headrest.
He waited holding his position until he heard his voice from the living room. He swallowed. The door was opened and his dom entered the studio being followed by their guest. Sherlock didn't even know his actual name.
“I woke because of the intruder alarm. The doors were all locked but security found a body outside.”
“Sherlock, I'll come and get you! Don't give up! I love you!” He saw him tense and then smile. He also saw his front teeth, his fangs, were gone.
“You look different.” She tilted her head. Mycroft had no idea what to say to that. He just looked at her.
“Sounds good. So, tomorrow night it is? You have to name the place because I don’t know where to go around here.”
Greg wondered where the fuck Mycroft was hiding. He really needed to talk to him. Soon. Urgently. Without Sherlock present.
“You sure are not, John.” Sherlock’s eyes roamed over his body, over his thick and muscled arms and legs, his broad shoulders, and slim hips. He only wished he would refrain from wearing these jumpers that were hiding way too much of his physique.
“I didn’t just want to invade your room after what happened but if I am welcome?” He hopefully looked at him and Sherlock quietly snorted.
“Yes, I believe you are right. Coming for him at Baker Street is too dangerous. We don't know how much he had changed the place. In front of the court or even inside he can't do anything. He can't be armed.”
“He spoilt every single date I had during the last months. I also believe he hurt himself on purpose to make me come back and care for him.”
“I will pick up a court file right away after having arrived at my office. There are plenty of them. Then I will go to Baker Street and ring the fucking doorbell.”
“Call him. Perhaps he is here somewhere and unconscious.” Sherlock did call him and they heard the ringtone. Quickly, they followed the noise and Lestrade almost fell over John’s body.
“I like to see you eat.” John smiled and Sherlock focused on a little piece of butter clinging to the left side of his mouth. He leant forward and licked it off. John flushed a rosy red.
“I wondered if you’d go out again. I felt, I hoped, you would stay because I didn’t want to be alone.” Sherlock quietly said moving deeper into the sofa. John turned his head.
“When you were in my bed, I thought I might explode. I was so tense. After I have pulled you out of the water and had Greg taken care of you, I felt like my fingers were plugged into electricity.”
They were given protective gear and followed them back inside. There they found several unconscious people who worked in the hotel. Ambulances were called and the place was sealed.
“I was young and I was rich. I wanted to have fun. Of course, I have been to whorehouses. Soon enough I had to find one with men inside which was almost demonic back then.”
John once smacked his cheek hard to shock him, clawed into his hair, and got him with the other around his neck. He wasn’t able to defend himself.
“You should go and see him. Try to explain yourself. Tell him your thoughts. Just be honest. He will listen to you. And he will be beyond happy.” Sherlock tried to flatten his rumpled clothes.
Later the soldiers built a camp. They stayed and two more helicopters with more soldiers arrived. They would soon search the whole area.
“I love you, John. I’ll never go away. Whatever you do to me, I don't mind. Do you hear me? Never. It’s my biggest fear. That’s why I agreed to everything …” He shook his head and closed his burning eyes.
“Open your mouth, you filthy leech.” Sherlock smelled the blood and he opened up by instinct. A few drops fell and he greedily devoured them. Of course, it was not enough.
“Easy, love. Do not exaggerate with that leg of yours.” John said and Sherlock slowed down. He approached John and leant down.
“We all know that and I do understand. But it is only a few hours.” Sherlock didn't reply but his expression had changed a bit.
“I want you to have a nice day tomorrow. I want to go shopping with you and have lunch somewhere.” Mycroft said.
“This is for you.” Sherlock blushed and Ian found it adorable. He hesitantly took both and carried the flowers into the kitchen.
“I am thankful, Sir, for you providing my meals. And I promise to be better for you, Master. Please forgive me my sins, Sir.” He started the sobbing again.
With every step he took, he became faster. Finally, he ripped open the door of the second bedroom. In there it looked like it was never inhabited. The mattress was bare. Nothing personal was in this room. Nothing indicated that a person had been living in here and then changed the room into a wicked playroom.
Mycroft knew his little brother. He must have found more than he had admitted, had given him. From what John described he was on a hunt and close to something. Too close, obviously.
“Outside?” Sherlock asked looking confused. “You mean like coming out with the fact that we are gay and a couple? Everybody thought so anyway.” He shrugged it off. John just shook his head.
He walked around him and finally retrieved several lengths of rope. He didn't undress him or ordered him to undress. Instead, he tied the ropes over his chest and arms and tied his hands to the opposite elbows.
“Yes, Sir.” Sherlock slumped out of the kitchen. Ian shook his head and filled a bowl with soup. He carried it upstairs and knocked on John's door.
“Here, blow your nose and for God’s sake, talk to me.” John spoke calmly and quietly not to scare him away. He was fragile now but John would be damned if he couldn’t make him come out.
Sherlock actually didn't understand why his dom behaved like he did. He had done nothing wrong. John had approved of his actions here with Ian. Sherlock had read his texts. Ian had shown him.
“I look forward to it. What’s your profession anyway?” John told him the very short version but promised to tell him more when they would meet at the pub. Greg smiled and said:
“Oh, fuck, the doctor is such a lucky bloke. Bloody hell …” He got dressed again and Sherlock looked as immaculate as before. He left the room first.
“Sure thing.” Both of them nodded and Mycroft waved to John when he walked outside. John's eyes followed him and he listened to his retreating footsteps. Only then he asked:
“Was it perhaps a bit too much?” Some nodding followed and John smiled. He pecked a kiss on his ear.
“Absolutely. And we will be having only two clients per day. So in-between there will be plenty of time to relax or even take a nap. And, of course, you can always stop. I won't be angry. I am simply offering to keep you busy with something you are perfect in.”
John groaned and his hand balled into fists. He was tense, it must hurt. Gently Sherlock stroked his cock and now the sound changed.
“John!” He yelled down to alert him, to let him know he was here to help him. He shed his coat and shoes but kept his pocket knife in his trousers. Then he climbed over the wall and threw himself into the water. The water had reached John’s neck and Sherlock dove to cut the ropes. The water was extremely cold and he couldn’t see a thing. He stuck the torch between his teeth and cut through the ropes. He underestimated the current though and lost the torch halfway through. He swore but felt for John’s wrists and kept cutting. John pulled like a maniac and Sherlock finally managed to cut through it.
. John gently moved him on his front and opened the cuffs. There were welts and blood. John swore and removed the dressing-gown. He pulled him up and made him sit on a kitchen chair.
“Very well. Get them in. I need their portable lab.” Expectantly he looked at him and he simply called them in.
“Yes, Master.” He nodded and moved up very close. He reached out and twirled his finger into some strands of his hair.
What John knew though was that Sherlock didn’t like him smelling like a pub. He gently placed him back and quickly freshened up and also brushed his teeth before coming back to bed. He climbed under the blanket and pulled him close. Almost instantly his long arms got slung around John’s muscular body and Sherlock almost crept into him.
“You handled that very well right now. I handled the rest.” He once pressed his wrist and looked up leaning against him. Sherlock looked down his nose and his eyes were wet. He quietly cleared his throat.
“That wasn't too bad.” Now there was a little bit of hope returning into his eyes but it soon got destroyed.
John gaped at Sherlock. He had granted him one wish, hadn’t he? He swallowed. He had never bottomed. He licked his lips and looked into Sherlock’s eyes.
John's nightmares had returned but he hadn't told Sherlock. Sherlock though knew because he had been woken by John's screams in the middle of the night. Several times he had walked upstairs and into his room. He had been sitting on his bed and tried to wake him up. Finally, he found out that his voice soothed him and he started to read for him. He went so far as to record several stories and placed the player on his nightstand to be able to leave again.
“You already told me you are playing the violin and don’t talk for days on end. It’s also rather obvious you are not a man for household chores, but I don’t mind.”
“Of course, Mistress.” He was supposed to lick and finger her but he thought some stroking and kissing her nipples would be appreciated, too. That's why he slowly opened her blouse and found she wore no bra. He lowered his head and gently suckled her nipples. She closed her eyes and moaned.
“What's that?” Suddenly Gregory stood in front of his desk. He had come in and Mycroft hadn't even noticed. He had been lost in his past.
“Yes. He will be utterly surprised and suspect me to have something to do with it but since I have, it doesn’t matter anyway.” Greg hummed after Sherlock’s words.
“Make sure to hold on to it.” He roughly whispered into his ear and pressed him down on his knees. He shoved his slick cock into his mouth and Sherlock sucked him clean. He also sucked him into another orgasm. By now he knew what his dom liked best and he acted after it. His longish hair fell over his face and he sucked deeply with a lot of pressure from his lips. John groaned soon enough and pushed deep down his throat.
He stomped his feet on the man's and made him shout out loud. He kicked and pushed himself up throwing his head back chinning him badly. But then his energy and strength were already used up and he panted wildly. He climbed on the bed and tried to crawl away. He actually tried to reach the window.
But it felt so nice. He didn’t want it to stop. He didn’t want him to stop. Then he felt the blanket being pulled down. What the fuck? John thought but stayed put. And only when he felt it twitch elsewhere, he spoke into the pillow.
“Hush. Let me. Hands off.” Sherlock leant against the tiles and lowered his head. John held his cock and also pressed on his bladder. Sherlock scrunched his eyes shut and panted. Then he pissed for about two minutes.
He carefully turned in John’s embrace. He didn’t wake when Sherlock looked at him. He had nasty scars but also a lot of muscles. He was small but had broad shoulders. And he was a master in bed. Sherlock grinned.
Slowly he was able to relax and closed his eyes. Today had been exhausting. He hadn’t been able to crack the suspect. He was bone tired. He was also hungry.
“I can’t repeat it often enough but I am so very happy that Greg managed this. I am both happy and thankful.” John seriously said.
“Oh, this is fantastic. I haven't had Indian for a long time. Thank you!” He sat down with him and poured him wine. John started to eat and after he was done, he was given a whiskey. They looked at each other and Sherlock slowly tilted his head.
Not that John was interested in men. He was a straight guy. Not queer. But he was able to acknowledge beauty. He would have a look at the flat with him and then decide about his further actions. For sure it would be nice to have him around.
“Get ready, Sherlock.” Greg steered the boat into the little harbour. John carefully checked their surroundings with night-goggles. There was nothing.
“It is a good pain, John, and you don’t have to worry. It will remind me of our first time together and I will cherish it.” Sherlock said.
John quietly moved upstairs and found its door open. He heard the rustling of the fabric and stepped closer. It didn’t hear him. He had shaken out the gown and was trying to climb into it. John cleared his throat when he was balancing on one leg and he almost fell.
“Can’t wait…” John said and turned around. He finished cooking and switched everything off. He carried the bowls over to their table and only then really saw what Sherlock had done. He was surprised.
“No, it’s not right. It’s your home, too. And we are not teenagers who put their shoes in front of the door or hang socks on the handle.” Sherlock wondered.
Sherlock was grabbing the metal railings piece after piece. He was careful, John could see it. He climbed the very last metres and then he was as close to the corpse as possible. He stopped and single-handedly took some photos with his mobile. Then he somehow managed to get into gloves.
“I very much want you to move in with me. Live with me. Be with me.” Mycroft tried to explain but it wasn’t easy for him. Luckily, Greg knew how to handle the Holmes boys.
The next morning Sherlock woke because John moved through the room. He blinked his eyes open and remembered what they did last night. Slowly he sat up and looked at him.
“Drop your arms, Gregory. Just let me…” He whispered into his ear. Greg just closed his eyes and gave in.
John held him for a long time until Sherlock had stopped crying and sobbing. He moved him back against the pillows and looked him over. A lopsided smile was on John’s face.
Finally, he just sat on the sofa and decided to wait for him to come home later. He didn’t feel like going to Bart’s or even harassing his brother.
“Do you want me to do this? Or do you want to do this by yourself?” Sherlock was back and John turned around to see what he meant. His eyes rested on the plastic bag and tube he held. He had found an enema set in the bath.
“There you are, my boy. I did it on purpose, of course, and wondered how long it would take you. Well, rather long.” He laughed.
“But I…” Sherlock just kissed him. He forced his way into John’s mouth and John was very responsive. He groaned and held him tighter. They kissed passionately and John let go after several minutes.
“I could steal her money and her identity. I could erase her university degree. She would be out of work in a second and poor, too. Her flat and possessions will be taken away, as well as her car and everything else.”
“Why don't you wake up your brother while I go into the bath. Afterwards we can all have some breakfast.”
“This is new, this is great. Your cool fingers around my hot cock just feel amazing. I feel like coming any second. Please, Mycroft, please ...” Mycroft chuckled and kissed his nape.
“I am a doctor and know better.” Sherlock smiled but didn’t answer. They drank their wine in silence.
“Hey, don't get your face all blotchy now.” He smiled and slowly pulled out the gloves. He just dropped them. Sherlock's mouth was still forced open and he drooled heavily. John pushed two fingers inside and at once felt the tongue lick over his fingers. Simply perfect.
“No, I simply forgot the bottle of wine I had bought. It’s a bit late but I really would like to have a glass. What about you?” He asked retrieving it out of his room and opening it.
“It was back when I was regularly taking drugs. I was living with Mycroft. It was before I started to work with Lestrade. I created chaos in his place, destroyed furniture and other things. I used violence against my brother. We fought and due to my state and his training, he easily overpowered me and alerted an ambulance. A private ambulance that was to take me into a private facility to get sober.” He sipped some more and he wouldn’t look at John.
Sherlock handed over his card and strolled away to buy his cigarettes. John took their goods and packed them into several bags. Sherlock looked at him.
“Myc...” He sobbed out the one syllable and then threw himself into his brother's arms. The action surprised Mycroft but at once his arms came up and he held him tight.
He had found out about Sherlock’s powerful brother. But John's connections were good, very good. And he found out about everything. His well-paid traitor was holding back the team right now and would also lead it in the wrong direction. John would get away with Sherlock and treat him the way he needed and deserved it.
“Get into the bath and clean yourself properly. If you aren't ready in 20, I will drag you out. Am I understood?” Sherlock's eyes watered when John took some strands of his hair and shook his head from left to right and back. His scalp was on fire.
“Text Sherlock. He will have walked trenches into his living room by now. John will be right mad already.” Both men chuckled and Mycroft turned towards the sofa by the window pulling out his mobile. When he wanted to say something to Gregory after having sat down, he found him asleep already. He shook his head smiling and started to text his brother.
“No, not that much. Just a sandwich and an omelette, please. At least try, OK?” Sherlock nodded. Somehow, he would manage that for John.
“Do you need anything, mate?” Greg asked. Now Sherlock shook his head. Suddenly his stomach rumbled and Mycroft raised a brow.
“We had dinner at Baker Street and I invited him to spend the night. I gave him my bed and stayed on the sofa. We had breakfast and it felt good to have him around. We spent time at the National and I stayed with him last night. I was on the sofa but found I didn't like it. I sneaked into his bed but he didn't wake. Then something went wrong. I said something a bit not good and left without explaining myself. It was wrong. What I did was wrong.”
“I will carry this outside.” Mycroft lifted up the tray and it was rather heavy. He made a sound but managed. Perhaps he should change his workout plan. He made a mental note to himself to do just that.
“Good morning, sunshine.” John said all smiles. “You should really take care of that or you might cut yourself.” He turned around and disappeared into the bath.
“I know that. I wanted too much too fast. But I had waited. And I had already explained myself. What else?” Sherlock sounded desperate.
“Well, let’s sit and start the feast.” Greg said. Sherlock sat down; John sat opposite of him, and Greg more or less in the middle.
“Well, that's not going to happen anymore. Remember, Sherlock, you are a human being. You are free. What John Watson did to you wasn't what a proper dom would do. He was a manic sadist and he tortured you. Now wake up and take a plate and fill it with all the things you want.”
“You mean if he is a perv? Deviant? A sadist? Does he like to tie people up and shag them when they are helpless?” John’s face was beet red by now but he nodded.
“Yes, Master.” But he waited until his dom had taken some, too. They ate in silence and sometimes Sherlock sipped from his glass. He cleaned his plate and lowered his hands back into his lap. He was still hungry though but he didn't dare to ask for more.
“We could cut one of your denims.” He suggested. Sherlock's eyes lightened up. At once he turned around and picked a pair. It had a brand, of course it had, and Greg swallowed. Sherlock held it in front of his body to look where to cut while Greg looked for a pair of scissors.
He picked up his laptop and sat down on the sofa. He did some research on bondage and injuries and found many good advice. He didn't want to give this up. And he needed to convince Sherlock that it wasn't his fault.
“See you tomorrow, guys!” He smiled and left. He hopped down the stairs and sat behind the wheel. Out of his eyes, he could see John looking out. He started the car and left. Everything appeared to be normal.
Sherlock licked his lips looking at the closed bathroom door. He should probably use the loo, too. He quickly used another ensuite and returned in time to stand outside and look at John return.
“Time is over, bitch. Drop the towel.” Sherlock did as being told and stood there with hanging shoulders.
“You are so tight, Gregory. I had no idea.” Mycroft kept finger-fucking him until he was almost limp beneath him. When he removed his fingers, Greg yelled his protest.
“I will mix some. It's no problem.” Mycroft thought about Sherlock's experiments with chemistry in his younger years and swallowed. Sherlock thought about his dom's cooking lessons and swallowed too. But at least now they came in handy. Plus, they were memories that didn't cause him any pain or made his brain melt remembering them.
“Yes, I know what you can take. Outside, on a crime scene or when fighting a criminal. But how could I have known what you could take in bed? I had to be careful.” Sherlock stared at John. He hadn’t seen it that way. He just had been bored.
John and Greg were having a great time. They yelled and screamed and hopped on the spot drinking a pint. Afterwards, they celebrated their team’s victory and sat at a table by themselves. John took the opportunity and directly asked Greg.
“And now the food.” Sherlock followed Greg into a supermarket that actually wasn’t a Tesco. Sherlock only knew Tesco from the few times John had dared to drag him along. This supermarket though sold good stuff and Sherlock again wondered if he had underestimated Lestrade just a little bit.
“No, Sherlock. Not now. Take your time. I am stopping this right now until further notice.” Sherlock reached out for John, still on his knees, but John turned around and left for his old room upstairs. Sherlock fell back on his heels and his hands rested on his thighs.
“Very well. Now let’s have a drink, pet.” The slave brought two glasses of champagne. The dom looked at him but said nothing. Sherlock felt weird. Had he made a mistake?
“Yes, John.” Sherlock felt better now. John wasn’t angry with him. But there was something. He could feel it. He opened the bottle of wine and took two glasses from the very back of the cupboard. He also took the bottle of Lagavulin and cleaned two glasses. He put everything on a wooden tray and carried it over to their armchairs in front of the fire. He saw John looking at him. These blue eyes really made him self-conscious. He had no idea why. He poured their drinks and sat down, too.
“I know we said you only have to wear it inside. I probably should have mentioned that I don’t expect you to wear it when we are having visitors which are not Mycroft.”
“It's hard for me to stay behind.” John suddenly whispered looking at the map. Greg had his arm around his shoulder in a second.
The weirdest thing was that Sherlock was absolutely quiet. He didn't scream or groaned. He didn't even whimper. His eyes crossed though and both his fingers and toes were spasming.
“You did no harm. We can fuck later. Now I want a drink.” Sherlock at once poured him a whiskey. He handed it over.
“Aren’t you such a greedy little bitch…” Mycroft smirked. It made Greg blink away some tears but he kept his mouth open. He even leant a bit forward.
Sherlock had noticed John’s reaction even though he hadn’t said anything. But Sherlock was able to hear him thinking anyway. He smirked into his cup of coffee and upped the ante.
“I am sorry if your concert was spoiled. I was selfish because I wanted you here because I needed you.” He said. It made Greg smile.
“If it is a special restaurant?” He didn't actually know how to word it. Of course, John knew what he meant. He had been there, a lot of times. With several slaves in training. And so had Sherlock when he had been trained.
“It’s all fine. You are fine. You don’t have to worry.” John looked into his eyes and what he saw confused him. There were tears.
Greg heard the shot and looked up. John Watson fell down the stairs. Step after step he bumped on the stones and ended up at the end almost directly by his feet. And he didn't bleed; he only groaned. From upstairs soldiers came running and Greg made a step back. Why wasn't he bleeding?
“I could do that, yes. But I will simply show you what to do so you can do it all by yourself tomorrow .”
Sherlock’s time-line was totally messed up. He wasn’t able to get the events in a row. But did it matter anyway?
Sherlock’s eyes roamed through the room. The computer and such were all the newest and most expensive. Sherlock envied this man. If he could have worked with these things, he wouldn’t have ended up using drugs. He would have been busy. He quietly snorted. If only his family would have given him more money. Now he was a slave, a pet, a thing, people could rent and use as a fuck-toy.
“Yes. Yes, I would. Not now though. Now I want to make love to you.” He held his gaze and for a few seconds, Sherlock just stared. Slowly though a smile tugged up his lips. He relaxed back into the cushions.
“I think he is ready. I don't know what he thinks though. I will need to ask.” Greg covered his hand.
The man made him come and he shot his cum all over the ground. He kept fucking him for a while longer until he came, as well.
He slumped soon after and groaned rolling on his back. He weakly reached out for John who came into his arms. They held each other for several long minutes.
“May I please suck your cock before you fill me up with it?” Now it was John who kept panting and touching himself.
He cleared his throat and looked over to his dom. Then he carefully approached him after having thought of removing the apron.
Sherlock stood and he reached out for the tissues on the coffee table. He blew his nose and binned the tissue. Only then he turned to face John who still sat on the ground looking at him.
John took the head on his tongue and closed his lips firmly around it. Then he sucked hard. Sherlock screamed and yelled and fought against the ropes. John moved lower and soon bopped on Sherlock’s cock. He wasn’t used to this and choked on his own saliva and Sherlock’s pre-cum. Sherlock laughter was muffled but it stopped when John pulled the chain between the clamps. Sherlock yelled and John kept the strain by holding it tight.
“I see. Some more hours. Prepare properly. Get Mike from security as your body-guard. Do not go alone, do you hear me?” He listened again.
John was helpless. He had woken up to Sherlock's noises. His head lolled from left to right and back. He was sweating and panting. His lips formed words John couldn't understand. But he saw how stressed he was, how much in pain he was. And he shouted at him to wake up. And he made him wake up.
“Sherlock, look at me, please.” He took his wrist and lightly used pressure to make him look up. And he did.
“Did you enjoy this?” His eyes moved south and he saw the stains on Sherlock’s dress trousers. He had come into his trousers and John hadn’t even noticed it.
“You can be very dominating. Sometimes you don’t notice. I know what I am talking about.” John’s eyes widened.
“No, John! This terrible excuse for a piece of clothing!” He pinched him through the jumper. John swatted his hand away.
It knocked and another man led two people inside. Sherlock's eyes were glued to the floor. He heard footsteps and they were getting close.
Soon enough it smelled tasty and Ian's stomach rumbled. He smiled and wanted to set up the table but somehow Sherlock had managed to do that already. Instead, he opened a bottle of wine and put it on the table. And he got a bottle of prosecco to celebrate. He felt like toasting the man by his side, toasting their new relationship if you want to call it one.
“There you are. Let's choose some of Mrs Hudson's pre-cooked meals, shall we?” Sherlock nodded and stepped up to have a look into the fridge.
They were still looking at each other but soon enough Gregory walked into the wardrobe and came back out dressed in a tracksuit.
Sherlock prepared two sandwiches for him and wrapped them in foil. He found yet another paper bag to store them and put everything into John’s bag.
“Let me hear you. Don't hold back.” This was a new order and Sherlock wondered what was going on. But he let out a clear moan when his prostate was touched after a long time of being ignored.
“You are simply adorable.” John looked at him while sipping his drink. The blush increased in its intensity.
And right he was, Greg left after breakfast for Scotland Yard. For once, Sherlock let the staff clean the table and sat down with his brother. He knew this would be hard. Both for him and his brother. He knew Mycroft didn't want to hurt him. But he also knew he had no one else to talk about these private things.
“And you don’t need to give me your puppy eyes. I am hungry, too.” John turned around and started to prepare a full English breakfast. He also brought Sherlock his second mug. Sherlock took his hand and kissed it.
His wrists and ankles were always clad in stainless steel cuffs. The skin underneath was raw and bloody. He also wore a collar.
John kept kissing and groping and he felt Sherlock’s arousal press against his own. He leant back and took his thin wrist. Sherlock looked dazed but still he raised a questioning brow.
“Nothing at all. You fell asleep. You were dreaming and moaning rather shamelessly. You woke, looked at me and swayed upstairs.” John blushed and Sherlock smiled.
John closed his eyes for a moment because he still was rather exhausted. Sherlock watched him through the rear mirror and looked worried. Greg reached out for him and placed his hand on his shoulder. Sherlock weakly smiled.
“Please be careful!” Sherlock looked at John's hand resting gently on his arm. It felt good. He smiled.
„Have you been sitting here since yesterday?“ John asked and slowly came closer. Sherlock didn't answer him.
Onboard the plane, he found that Sherlock had upgraded his ticket into business class. He didn’t comment since it was useless. Sherlock would never fly economy.
Anthea in the meantime had texted her boss who had given her the final go. She called in assistance and an ambulance. She met the security team in front of the asylum located close to Heathrow. She showed them a picture of Mrs Hudson and they entered the place.
“No, this is for you only.” Greg thought it a bit weird but he had stopped thinking about weird things since he knew Sherlock.
“This is insane. Africa? What are we supposed to do there? I just have to go back and try to convince Mycroft not to kill you.” Greg looked at him.
John quickly checked her and found her just fine. He made Sherlock sit on the chair and wait. The woman quickly went into the bath and freshened up.
“How did you break up? What happened exactly?” Sherlock kept going. He saw Greg tense. Sherlock topped up their wine and simply waited. Greg breathed and opened his eyes again.
“Yes?” He quickly sipped his drink and she laughed being very much amused. The sound of it almost made him choke.
“He has been found. He was arrested already and stays in a military prison. Never mind him. I will take care of him later.” Greg didn't ask more.
“I’d like that! We could also have a device to which we could attach either a swing to or just ropes and hooks. You can use it in different ways. We only have to build in some hooks and such into the ceiling.”
“But if you want to do any of that or anything else, I will be there with you. If you want to parachute, we will parachute. If you want to go to the cinema, we will watch a film. Whatever, John, just tell me.”
“Jesus, Mycroft. This is incredibly good stuff!” He licked his lips. Mycroft stared at his mouth and swallowed. Then he almost choked on his drink.
He quickly dressed and took the tube to the hospital. This time it was quiet in Sherlock’s room but the nurse stopped John on his way anyway.
“You don’t want me here on the ground. You actually want Sherlock and you know it!” Moriarty had been walking away already but now slowly turned around again.
“I am not sure yet. The thing with the Afghan was like a present. Now I have to do everything myself. That’s different.”
“Here you go. I hope you like it.” John smelled the fantastic whisky. He slowly sipped it and kept it in his mouth and on his tongue for several seconds.
“I understand. I really do. You have done so well until now. Come and blow your nose.” He freed his right and pulled a tissue from the box beside the sink. Sherlock took it and turned away to use it. He binned it and took another one.
, I assume?” He shoved the clip inside and put the safety back on. Just as he wanted to put it behind the hem of his trousers, Mycroft presented the holster. Now Greg grinned.
John found Sergej already having breakfast. He still looked high and turned his head when John entered.
“Stay put, John.” Sherlock got off the bed and John weakly nodded. He felt utterly helpless. Being dominated like this, dominated by Sherlock, did something to him. He was submitting way too easily and he had no idea why.
Greg had wanted to use his hands but he knew Mycroft and therefore sat properly and used the fork. It was quite a small fork and he could only pick up small pieces of the thing. But it was oh so good.
„I might need your help but I would like to do it myself.“ John wondered if some of this had been done to him in the past. But if his balls had been nailed, he would have seen the scars already.
“Thanks a lot.” John took the remaining bags and followed him. He had placed the bags on the counter and had shed his coat and shoes already. Now he was sprawled on the sofa with one arm over his eyes. John passed by and stored the groceries away first. Then he put the mugs and bowls into the dishwasher and started it. He rinsed one mug in the sink to prepare some tea. He carried it over to his armchair. Sherlock’s voice rumbled:
“Mycroft! Did something happen to Sherlock?” It was the first thing that came to mind. He opened the door wide and gestured him in.
“Now sit, my naughty one.” John smirked and Sherlock sat. John took his wrists and closed the cuffs around them. Next came the blindfold. The rope came around his ankles and his legs got pulled back to the chair’s legs. His thighs were spread and he was getting erect.
The days after John had been to subspace, he felt very weird. He kept thinking about it. He wondered if Sherlock would do it again for him even though he normally didn’t dominate. But he was good at it. Not that John had ever had anyone to compare him with.
“Yes, you heard right. He came to see me because he had a very important question. He will be back tomorrow to ask you a favour.” Now John looked strange.
”No, I am not sure. I am sorry...” He sobbed once and turned back to look at John who was blinking his eyes open. At once he palmed his face and his thumb stroked over his cheekbone.
Sherlock took the opportunity and quickly was by his side embracing him from behind. John’s arms were pressed against his body and he let out a surprised noise.
John worried his lips and Lestrade shuddered. Then Sherlock tried to get even closer stepping on the same rail to which the body was tied to. John could see him sniff the skin and poke it with his fingers.
“Sherlock has been expelled the last time I took him there.” Greg said making Mycroft raise his brow.
“Thank you. It's fine.” He clearly enjoyed this and Sherlock relaxed just a little bit. He still felt utterly helpless. He wasn't used to being helpless or even serving people. People were serving him in every way possible.
“Be patient, John. It will happen between the main course and dessert.” Sherlock grinned and pushed his plate away.
“I am going to take a shower now before I start preparing dinner. You could set up the table if you don’t mind?” John said and Sherlock nodded.
He smeared some over his sub's lips and made him groan some more. He knew he loved this and so did he.
Later that day Greg went to work and Mycroft sat in front of his computer and googled several sites with furniture. He knew what he liked but he actually had no idea what Greg liked. Perhaps, he should just offer him to buy it himself. Or give him his card. No, not good.
“First of all, I want you to get on your knees with your chest on the floor. Spread your knees and hold the position.” John could hear him grab the bag and open a pack of lube.
“I am not ruining my business, Johnny.” He sounded serious and John seemed to trust him. But John would leave. Sherlock would be all alone with this stranger who would do something medical to him.
“I won’t do anything stupid. I will destroy him in another way.” He threw the cigarette down and opened the car. Greg raised a brow but followed suit.
At last, they brought a cooler with both champagne and white wine. In addition, red wine was brought.
Sherlock had thought John would fire a bullet but instead, he felt the dart piercing his skin. He was gone in seconds and the last thing he saw was the pleasant smile on his dom's face.
“No, I didn’t. Something could have happened to him. He wouldn’t be safe. I will think of another punishment and I will fuck him into oblivion later.”
When he took the blindfold away, John’s eyes were open but unfocused. He was absolutely relaxed when Sherlock gently held him by the shoulders and lowered him down on the bed.  He sat by his side until he left subspace and fell asleep. He once made a snuffling sound but simply turned on his side getting closer to Sherlock.
This time Sherlock was prepared. He knew he had it easy now because John wasn’t himself. His body wasn’t coordinated and he went down fast. Normally, Sherlock would have needed longer and he would have probably been hurt in the process.
He pushed further into him and groaned loudly. He pulled John’s hair and came deep down into his throat. John swallowed but didn’t manage the mass of fluid which shot out of Sherlock. It ran down his chin when Sherlock pulled out. Then he staggered a few steps back until he hit the wall.
“It’s all fine, love. It’s perfectly normal.” Sherlock trembled and John placed him on a kitchen chair. Then he handed him a glass of wine.
The next morning, the blanket stuck to Sherlock’s skin and he pulled a face. He wanted to get up because he needed the loo.
By now Sherlock had become a bit pissed. This man was not his Master. He knew he was his dom's friend but it didn't give him the right to treat him the way he did.
“My pupils are dilated because I am aroused. And I am aroused because of you.” Sherlock tried to get free but his position wasn’t the best. John might be injured but he still had all his skills of a close-combat fighter. He also was still strong which showed now when he took advantage of Sherlock.
A few minutes later he dropped the paddle. He attached something to his balls and pulled them back. His testicles were strained and he panted. He didn’t move. Now he started to pinch his balls and slapped them with a wooden ruler. And all of a sudden, he freed his genitals and straddled him. He roughly pulled out the plug and threw it away. Sherlock balled his hands into fists because it had hurt. His dom forced his hands open and squeezed them tightly. His fingers felt like being crushed. Sherlock groaned painfully and only then he let go.
He groaned behind the ball-gag and kept drooling heavily. He was also hungry. And he needed to piss.
“Sit with me. Don’t lurk around.” Mycroft sat down but after a second stood up again and went to get their drinks.
“Jim, can you hear me?” He spoke softly and looked for any sign that Moriarty was able to communicate. He also took his hand between his large ones and held it moving his thumb over his skin.
“Dinner is served, Master.” John looked up and there he was. He stood and followed him to the table. He held his chair for him and John allowed him to sit. He filled his plate and handed it back to him after he had taken his own fill.
“Of course.” John said and decided not to overwhelm him. Tonight, they would stay in here. Sherlock needed to get used to the place. Somehow John felt that he needed him close. Him. His dom.
“I am attending a conference in Dublin. I am a doctor and doctors sometimes do that. And yes, of course, I am going alone. I did ask you a few days ago but you never replied to me. What do you expect, Sherlock?” John seriously asked and turned away again.
“Green.” Sherlock had thought so. He led him towards the bed and made him kneel again. He tied his calves to his legs and pulled his thighs apart. The ropes led from his knees to the sides of his bed.
They ended up in Sherlock’s bedroom. John was so happy; he simply wanted to hold him. He buried his nose against his chest and just breathed.
“OK. You will prepare lunch and I will tell you what I got for you.” Carefully Sherlock looked up. He was rather excited but didn't show it. He had hoped that his belongings were still around.
“Look at me.” Slowly he looked up and their eyes met again. His cheeks were flushed but he kept the eye contact. John’s ice-blue eyes pierced into his brain and made him shiver. They also made him hard. A low moan erupted.
“I don't care when or what anymore.” John pitied her. What had happened to Sherlock wasn't her fault but she was the only way to help him. There was a wheelchair in the room and David rolled it up to the side of the bed. John gently placed her in there and they rolled her downstairs.
But he sat down without any fuss and looked at everything. He wondered how the killing would be arranged. He already knew who the victim would be. It was all so obvious but he had promised to behave and placed the linen napkin over his lap.
“I get your meaning. Trust me, Sherlock. I can manage the both of you.” Sherlock smiled rather hopefully and set up the table.
“Don’t worry. There won’t be more killings. Not right now anyway.” Sherlock grinned and rubbed his hands. He had already been standing and now moved around the table to have a closer look at the hanging body. John followed on his heels.
“You don’t have to do this if you don’t feel like it. It’s all fine to call a halt to this. We can go to the hotel any time you wish. Do not think you have to do anything for me. You must feel good and you need to trust me with this.” John’s thumb moved over his hand and Sherlock licked his lips.
“You haven't asked for much. I could have done it easily but I was too scared. But now I am willing to try it with you. But at first, I want you to tell me again what happened with that Sergej. What did he do exactly and what did he use? I need to hear every single thing.” Greg held both of his hands.
He felt compelled to do something. He was worried about having lost him. But what was he supposed to do? And whom could he ask for advice? Perhaps Dr Watson? He and Greg were mates and went to the pub together.
“You might be just right. Wait a minute, please?” He went upstairs and changed into a pair of jeans and a dress shirt. He took another coat, too.
He hadn't been allowed to touch. Only his dom was. Or the man who had come for the films with him. But his dom was gone. He wasn't here. Greg was though and he had asked him. Dr Kim was here to help him, too.
“Sure. Come on now.” And Ian took his hand again and pulled him along. He kept holding his hand all the way through the museum and outside. He held his hand during the cab ride and until he placed Sherlock into an armchair in his living room.
“Me neither. Anyway, here is my card. Come along tomorrow if you like?” John took it between his fingers and turned it several times.
“I cooked your favourite. Please eat, Master.” He didn't look at him and simply turned away to go back to work.
She led them directly into the library and Sherlock could see how unwell John was because he still wore only his bathrobe. He stopped still being outside.
“Exactly. Actually, you should kneel in the corner in your bedroom but I am not that cruel. No such things when I am not present. So, just get up and do whatever. I’ll be gone now.” John stood and reached out for him. Sherlock slowly unfolded himself and let John help him stand.
Sherlock didn’t read the paper. It was boring. Pedestrian. He wasn’t interested in sports or politics. If he wanted to know anything, he asked Mycroft.
“Yes, of course. Now get back on some standard cases with Gregory, if you please? I believe, John also will be happy about a bit more of your attendance.” Now Sherlock glared at him.
“Johnny! There you are! I was looking forward to seeing you again! It has been too long, mate.” He shook his head and John looked happy, too.
They had a last drink before they went to bed. Tomorrow would be hard because John would take him along to settle the problems. Sherlock was scared but also knew John would protect him. He was too worthy an object to get hurt or damaged or even killed.
He carefully towelled himself dry and dressed into trackpants, socks and a t-shirt. In his bedroom, their bedroom, he sat on his side of the bed. He could hear John rummage in the kitchen. He was cooking something. He would want him to eat, he knew it. He knew it would be better if he just did. Otherwise everything would become worse.
“I have to convince him that I am in control. I know, your man Sergej already told me. And it was the perfect advice.” Now she looked surprised.
“I know that. And you know that I return your feelings. Very much so. Without you, I would have been lost.” They looked at each other and finally hugged for a while. It did John a lot of good.
“Yes, he is actually related to the host. The host is also related to the owner of the place. The owner of the place is someone infamous.” Sherlock grinned. Greg glared at him.
John ate and spoke. Again, and again. After he was done, Sherlock’s mouth stood open and their eyes were locked.
John swallowed. He had never sucked cock before and yesterday he had sucked Sherlock. He had sucked Sherlock while being tied up.
John felt his bones protruding but didn’t complain. He just moved around until he was resting comfortably. He felt Sherlock’s fingers move over his head and he fell asleep.
Suddenly there was a voice calling his name. John looked up and saw an old friend from university. He slowly came closer and finally just sat down.
“Give me some water…” John croakily said and Molly brought over a plastic cup with a straw. Sherlock snatched it out of her hand and held it up to John’s mouth. He sucked up the water and closed his eyes for a second. Then he tried to sit up. He was still a bit dizzy but it worked.
He looked into the mirror and then just breathed. He needed to face John, his perfect dom. He loved him so much. He already missed him. He knew that he would sleep alone tonight.
He shed his jacket and opened the box. He found shirts, trousers, a hoodie, several jumpers and a filled to the brim washbag with exclusive things he would never buy for himself because they were excessively expensive. He swallowed. There even was after-shave and he opened the bottle. It smelled great. He sighed. This was a bribe. He couldn’t possibly accept all this.
Mycroft's fangs showed. He hadn't told Greg or John about James Moriarty or the package. It was too dangerous for humans to cope with him. He needed to fight this fight. He summoned help and left.
“I make sure that Greg will get to know what you did. We don’t take cases right now, Sergeant. Now please be so kind and piss off.” John was pure danger. He felt the urge to take care of his sub now who still knelt on the floor. Unmoving.
“OK, I see your problem. Then I will proceed and need to trust you with the safe-word. Promise me to use it if needed!” He sternly looked up at him and Sherlock nodded.
“Yes, please!” Sherlock was fast and stood by his side like a child under the Christmas tree waiting to be allowed to open the presents.
He opened the door and walked downstairs to prepare breakfast but when he entered the kitchen the butler already was busy as was a cook and a maid. They all turned around when he stood there.
“Please ...” Mycroft let go of his brother and shoved him back over to John. Together they left the room and then the castle. Outside two big wolves ran over the lawn chasing a cat over the place. When they sensed Sherlock, Mycroft, and John they came running over.
“You need to try and hold back during your normal, daily life. You can’t let it out like it is normal. It’s too much for Sherlock, the poor boy.” She sadly shook her head.
“You are welcome, Sherlock.” They all sipped their beers. After the first gulp, Sherlock closed his eyes in delight and then downed half of it. John wondered if vampires could get drunk. If drugs could affect them then alcohol could, too. He would have to watch closely.
His expression was dark when he entered his workplace and only a few people dared to get close to him. He actually threw equipment after some of his dominant employees such as a plug and a cane and yelled at them. Afterwards, only submissives came near him, very quiet and obedient submissives.
“Sounds interesting to me.” Sherlock tilted his head and looked at John whose body was leaning in his direction. He was interested. Very much so. And he tried to entice John by asking:
“Yes, Mrs Hudson will be staying with me.” Sherlock said and only then he turned to look directly at her.
“I think you need some kind of reward, bitch. And I thought about nipple rings for you.” John said and Sherlock tensed.
“Well, before I am joining you with interviewing the witnesses, I need to eat something. Anything.” He looked around and somewhat greedily looked at the dinner table. But the table was evidence.
“Yes, John! Yes! Great!” Sherlock groaned loudly and John liked the sound. He saw that he wasn’t hurt at all and that he liked this. John threw away some more of his doubts and fears.
“Surely, I won't explore directly with Miss Adler but I would accept the help of one of her employees. A male employee. And afterwards I am going to come back home to you. I love you very much, Gregory.” The last statement was a lot for Mycroft and Greg was very happy. He moved up close and pulled him into his arms. He held him tight.
“She is already back at Baker Street. And Sherlock envies her. He wants to go back too. But yet he can't.”
“Listen, I am sorry you were so troubled because of my actions. I didn’t mean to cause you pain like this. I just wanted to make clear how angry I was.” Greg tried to explain.
Not that John didn't enjoy punishing his sub, quite the opposite. But there were rules in a d/s relationship. If it was only him beating the bloody soul out of Sherlock's body, then what was it all about?
“Come on, you’ll like this!” John trusted him and got his jacket. They left and crossed Baker Street into Regent's Park. Sherlock knew all the places. Soon they found a sleeping homeless-person but John shook his head.
“Oh God, this is, this is …” John groaned and fisted into his hair. Sherlock almost choked when John’s cock touched his throat. He swallowed around his head when he forced it deeper. It didn’t take long and John shot his cum down his throat. He pulled out and Sherlock’s head just fell down on the sheets again. He was panting and coughing weakly.
John’s chest felt like closing up only thinking about the possibility. He would do a lot to avoid that to happen.
Sherlock had kept the time in mind and prepared dinner at six o'clock. He brought it upstairs and placed it on John's lap on a tray.
“Sherlock, do you need anything?” Anthea cut off the rope around his wrists and he carefully shook out his hands and arms. She placed a blanket over his thin body. Only then he looked at her. He simply shook his head and tears spilt. His lips quivered and again he felt so ashamed. He sobbed and suddenly felt extremely tired.
John knelt beside the crib on the bed and masturbated. He stared at him and brought himself off. He was panting and sweating. Sherlock could hear him wank and smell his sweat. He pissed again and John shot his cum all over Sherlock’s face. It was quite the orgasm and John looked very pleased. Sherlock was able to see it for a second when John's eyes were closed.
Greg returned from his quick wash and Mycroft quickly went into the bathroom, too. Sherlock felt rather cold but didn't complain. Instead he waited for Greg to tell him what to do or what happened next. Greg though simply opened the wardrobe and retrieved one of Mycroft's dressing-gowns.
“He tracked my mobile and found me in a B&B not far away. I trusted him to find me because I had no money and told the innkeeper that someone would show up for me.”
He finally chose a game with aliens and space-ships. You had to decide which side you were on and start a battle in space. A bit hesitantly he took a headset and settled in one of the gaming chairs.
“I said nothing of a break, didn't I?” Suddenly he stood by his side. His foot forcefully lifted him up and Sherlock fell hard on his back. John towered above him and smirked.
John needed to know that he was OK. He needed to see him. Right now. He got up again and walked downstairs. He half expected him to rest on the sofa but he wasn’t there. The kettle was cold. He stood in front of their bedroom and pressed his ear against the door which stood a bit ajar.
Now Sergej worried his lips. He thought about it for a moment and then knew what he would do. He lowered him down and untied his legs. They were trembling and he slumped on his heels.
After a quick wash and brushing his teeth he donned a dressing-gown and brewed coffee. He wondered if Ian liked to have breakfast after yesterday's dinner. Then he thought about the alcohol and decided it would be best to provide it. He sent a text to the woman at Speedy's who he had come to actually like. He would pick it up in a few.
“See you.” Ian smiled at him and they parted. Downstairs Sherlock hailed a cab and rode home. He quickly showered and got dressed again. He looked forward to the treatment. It was the first step to get rid of the things John had left, both mentally and physically.
John slept for more than eight hours straight. He didn't dream and he didn't wake. He felt rather good when waking up and stretched his body. But then he remembered everything. He also remembered what he had said and done last. At once he sat up and ruffled his hair.
“Security reported no visitors at Baker Street. John Watson did not leave the house. We expect them to appear before the court. He will have to let Sherlock run by himself for a while. They are not a married couple and he won't be allowed to join him when he talks to the state lawyer before his witness account.”
“Greg will appreciate your body, Mrs Hudson won’t see anything she hasn’t seen before, and my brother only has Lestrade in his head. So?” John just stared at him and then left for the kitchen without a reply.
John dreamt of the war. He was walking through the trenches of some unknown country. He was alone. He was hungry.
“We got him already. He is safe and with his brother and DI Lestrade.” She smiled and relaxed a bit. But then she looked alarmed.
“Stop it. Please, Sherlock. I can’t…” The last word came out almost as a sob and Sherlock decided to ignore it for the moment. But finally, he had to let go and stood.
“Get into bed and sleep. If you need the loo, you are allowed to go. I will be in the living room and work. I will talk to you later. Now go!” He ordered and Sherlock quickly climbed into bed. He still wore the trackpants and sweater. He would be warm and also covered by a blanket. Carefully he pulled it up.
“Honey, I am home!” He passed by him and smiled down. Sherlock’s eyes were wide open and a very small smile tugged up his lips.
But John was his mate, well, almost. Sherlock felt rather giddy. His brother would laugh if he knew. Well, he probably did but somehow Sherlock didn’t care. He felt bloody fantastic. He stepped up beside John.
The only glamour he had used on him was when he had bitten him. He had sealed the bite-marks for him and numbed the place so he wouldn’t hurt and heal better. Everything else that had happened between them had happened because they wanted it.
Days and weeks passed in which John tightened his grip on Sherlock. More and more he ruled over him, his life, and his soul. And Sherlock was helpless. He did what John wanted. He was his dom and he had the right to do what he did.
Sherlock actually found a mobile in his office, as well. And he received several texts from Ian who let him know about his business and even news about John. Sherlock felt very good and kept working through the day.
“Research. Take your hand away, John.” John slowly did. He had felt a pang in his guts when he had entered the room. Was this him being jealous? But why? He wasn’t even Sherlock’s boyfriend, lover or even fuck-mate.
If he would survive this, he swore to himself he would tell him. He would also tell him sorry and treat him much better. He would do anything needed. He would even bottom for him. He knew that John would like that, he had seen it in his eyes. He would go on a long vacation with him because he knew John needed that and also loved going places.
Sherlock lowered himself down on his knees. He already had donned gloves. He took his cock and shoved the syringe into the slit. A weak scream was the reaction and Sherlock's cock twitched. He slowly pushed the fluid inside while he looked into his eyes.
“You did fuck me into oblivion. You are great. I don’t know what to say. Everything felt wonderful…” He helplessly shook his head but kept smiling.
“Absolutely, Rogers. Perfect even.” Mycroft replied with a smile. Rogers liked the effect that DI had on his boss. He was more relaxed than ever and finally had a good time. Rogers couldn’t actually remember if they had been on a trip ever before. He didn’t think so.
He sighed and left the window. He entered John's office. He started to work. He forgot the time. But John had left him a mobile to be able to reach him in the cause of problems or whatever. And now it had dinged with a text message.
“You can imagine that everything metal I put on you does carry electricity. I improved everything. You should also know that it will never come off again. Never ever.” Sherlock terribly froze.
“I need to go home now. Thanks for dinner. Thanks for everything.” Suddenly there was Sherlock holding out a note.
“Get ready. I’ll have someone bring clothes. It may roam around the place if it likes, but it doesn’t go outside. I’ll show it everything later.”
“Now I will punish you. At first, I thought about cutting your vocal cords to shut you up forever but I want to hear you scream. Of course, I will fuck you, too. And you will never enjoy what I am doing to you. Never again you will have an orgasm except dry and painful ones.” He loudly laughed and Sherlock was sure that John had become insane.
“Here, drink this. Then eat something. Just please, come down. You are scaring me.” Greg said and gently took his hand again. Mycroft’s other hand took the offered drink and the amber fluid created little waves inside the tumbler because he was still shaky.
“If you'd let me stay with you, I'd be very grateful.” He whispered and looked on the ground. John raised a brow. What the hell was wrong with him?
“I know we have talked about deprivation and I kind of like it. Right now, I am feeling a bit unprepared.” John almost looked a bit helpless but then he saw the disappointment on Sherlock’s face again and how he quickly tried to hide it. He reached out for him.
Sherlock snarled ripping John's clothes off. He bent his knees and held him up. John reached into his pocket to get at both his cock and the lube. When he was done, Sherlock lowered him down and he felt Sherlock's cock slowly disappear inside him. He shivered and closed his eyes.
John protested with a groan by his side but Sherlock escaped his hands. He hurried into the bath and relieved himself. Then he showered and washed his hair.
The camera held on and zoomed on his hole, his thighs and finally into his face. His head was held up and he blearily stared into the camera.
John closed the muzzle over his mouth again and tethered the mittens to the bed. He took the harness off, pulled him up on his knees and tied his ankles to the crib, too. He started to rub his stomach and Sherlock groaned. It already cramped inside of him.
He made a careful step forward and completely unconsciously licked his lips. Somehow John was suddenly naked and Sherlock abruptly stopped advancing.
They exchanged a last kiss and Greg left. He directly rode to Baker Street. He parked at the curb using the blue light and a special ID behind the wind-shield.
“Sorry, sorry... I believe you have seen it yourself. John has changed somehow. I yet don't know why and how this happened. But I will find out. Until then I would like to keep you safe.” Sherlock looked at his folded hands.
He rummaged through his things and couldn’t decide. John had left him the decision and Sherlock actually wanted to take this opportunity to get what he so desperately needed.
“No, I want to hear you. Don’t suppress anything. You are so responsive. I like it.” He pushed his finger all the way in rubbing over the sweet spot again and again until John was a panting mess. Then he abruptly stopped making him whine.
!” John repeated and with a few quick moves had him hanging upside down. His hands were touching his arms now and he hung inside the ropes attached to the rack. The support of the swing had gone.
“John, come in!” He made a step back and waved him inside. John looked at him and saw he had taken his time to get ready for him. He smiled and stepped inside.
John tried to imagine how Sherlock’s reaction would have been if he had said what Greg had just said. Again, he was simply glad that Greg was here. He would buy the man his beer for the next months if he saved him from being left by Sherlock.
“I want you to suck me off. Afterwards, we will do something new. You better be good now. Only if you behave properly, you may expect nothing too nasty.” He opened his trousers and stepped up.
After the beating with the cane by his new dom, he was just locked into his room and left alone. He waited for quite some time to see if someone was coming for him, but nothing happened. He carefully stood because he was in a hell lot of pain. He even dared and looked outside. The window faced a huge lawn or more a park. There was a large fountain and there was nothing but green and trees. It was beautiful. Longingly he looked outside.
Back at home Sherlock at once rinsed his tub and prepared a hot bath with his favourite chocolate-foam. He relaxed in the water and thought about Dr Watson. John. Captain John Watson. He had cold-bloodedly killed his Afghan neighbour but he also had managed to stop Sherlock’s big brain. For once he hadn’t thought about anything but his pleasure. And it hadn’t been enough. He needed to see him again. It was much cheaper than drugs and also much healthier.
“Yes?” He carefully said not remembering at all about a rack. His mind was busy with solving crimes and doing the work.
“Very well. Get up and stand over there.” Sherlock jumped out of bed and stood in the middle of the bedroom. John followed and shook out the harness. He held it to his body and here and there he adjusted some straps.
He expectantly looked at the opening doors. Sherlock stepped outside and they slowly approached each other.
He upped the ante and pushed faster and harder. He could do this. He could please Sherlock. Actually, he was pleased with himself. He felt like coming again but actually didn’t want that. He wanted to extend this for a longer time.
Somehow, Sherlock carried a suitcase on his way back and again John didn’t ask because Sherlock was too pleased with himself to spoil this.
John moved up close and pulled him against his chest. A sigh came out of Sherlock and he held on to his arm. He had woken up but now he didn’t speak and he didn’t lift his head. John pecked a kiss against his back and wondered what was going on.
He barely noticed when he was left alone. He heard his dom talk to the man and they both laughed. Then it became quiet. He heard John use the bath and soon he came out dressed in comfy clothes. Sherlock relaxed just a little bit because this normally meant a session was over and done with.
“I don't believe he will. But should he resist or even fight, I will have a tazer with me.” Mycroft replied.
“I am confused. My head might explode soon.” John's knees buckled and David made him sit on the sofa. Greg brought some water for him. John's hands were shaking when he took the glass and he needed both hands to hold it steady all the way up to his lips.
“You like this a bit too much, I am afraid, my dear boy.” Mycroft shook his head but at first, he pulled the harness over Greg’s head. He also pushed the ballgag behind his teeth and adjusted the straps around his head and below the chin.
“God, Mycroft. This is so good. You are amazing…” Mycroft had no idea what to say and instead pressed his lips back on Greg’s. He also embraced him and pulled him closer. Greg ended up tightly pressed against the back of the sofa and relaxed beneath him. He tilted his head up and let Mycroft do as he liked.
“We need to talk!” He exclaimed and dashed out of the car and into 221B. John was left to pay the cabbie. He gathered his bags and followed him more slowly.
“You really make me proud. Your behaviour is spotless. Even though you let out sounds now and again and I have to punish you because of it. But still you are such a proper sub. My sub. My pretty, beautiful and obedient sub.” He reached out and lifted his head to look at him. Sherlock knew by that gesture to lock eyes with his dom and he did.
Greg had arrived at Mycroft's place right after his day was done. He had been to work like any other day just to not raise suspicion should John call or even pay him a visit. But nothing of the sort happened.
“Yes, Master.” He did all that and wondered if he was allowed to take the case file with him. He needed to read it. He needed to be prepared.
He could hardly see anything; it was too dark down there. He stood on the wall and held his torch down moving the light over the bank and the water. And then he saw him tied to a pole already almost completely covered by the water.
“You are like a big ragged doll. Perhaps I should get you clothes for a pretty doll, hm? A pretty skirt and blouse? Or a lace dress? What do you think, slut?” He didn't expect an answer and simply pushed into him after having pulled out the plug.
At once Sherlock moved on his hands and knees and spread his legs wide. He lifted his arse and pressed his forehead on the carpet.
“I felt strange. I always liked you. I wanted you. I just couldn’t understand myself. It took me some time to find out that what I felt was jealousy. My aggressive behaviour was because I was jealous and didn’t know how to cope. It made me sick to see you go out on dates.” Sherlock said.
“Blow through your nose. Press your breath through it.” Sherlock managed to do so and it was a mess. John wiped him clean and binned the tissues. He looked up at him and smiled.
“Having fun now, have you?” Greg asked and snatched an ankle. He quickly closed the cuff around it and the other end around the post by the end of the bed.
“You are not expected to do anything, Myc. I would like to go together with you and look for new stuff but you don’t have to if you don’t want to.” Greg smiled.
The last time John had been taken away had been a horrible experience; for both Sherlock and John. John had been unconscious almost all the time and he didn’t even remember how they got him. Sherlock had found him after three days. He only had been given water but no food and he was lifeless on the ground when Sherlock arrived at the scene. He had also been beaten and someone had obviously wanked over him because he was covered in crusted cum. He was also naked; a fact which didn’t go amiss on Sherlock. No one up to today had taken responsibility for the kidnapping. Of course, Sherlock assumed something and had some ideas but he couldn’t tell for sure.
“Red wine, yes, please.” Greg smiled and Mycroft opened a bottle and took two glasses. He sat back down and gently shoved over one glass for Greg.
“Oh no, dear. No dessert for you.” Sherlock smirked and closed a blindfold over his eyes. He rolled John on his front and used lengths of rope to tie his arms and wrists, ankles, and thighs. He did a perfect hog-tie and even connected John’s toes to his wrists.
Greg left after lunch. Only he and Sherlock attended because Mycroft was locked inside his office pretending to be busy. He probably was busy but with things a bit not good.
Greg fired and the wires hit John's back. He groaned loudly, almost shouted, and his body shook for seconds while Greg happily pressed the button down. Finally, he crumpled on the floor and Greg let security take over. He watched him being cuffed and then he was taken away. He looked over his shoulder but the second man was already getting back up and followed his colleague. Greg followed them downstairs and only when they had driven away, he entered his police-cruiser and rode into his office. While he was still on his way, his mobile rang and he answered it.
Sherlock's body was slung around his like a giant octopus. He covered him almost completely and he was fast asleep. He also was hard, very hard.
“But you are right. There are a few things I would still like to do. Or more, I would like being done to me.” Sherlock licked his lips and thought about how to tell his brother. He knew Mycroft never had had the sex before Greg. He had kissed and groped but never did more.
“I exaggerated again. I understand why you must be so tired. It was all a bit too much in these few days.”
He walked downstairs and into the bath. He shed his clothes that reeked of alcohol and sweat and pub. He showered and slung a towel around his hips. He thoroughly cleaned his teeth and kept listening but still, Sherlock didn’t announce himself.
„I am fine, John. I was texting my brother and waiting to be served some food.“ He smiled up at him.
He needed to stop this. It didn't help. And John wanted him to be of use. He would try and enjoy his time in London.
Now Greg wondered if he should have accepted it. He paid a hell lot of money to his ex-wife who had repeatedly cheated on him during their marriage but had managed to find better lawyers since her new boyfriend had tons of money.
“You know what I want...” He whispered freeing his huge cock. He was rock hard already. Sherlock groaned and got on hands and knees. His body shook and blood ran over his white skin.
“Hm.” He swallowed. “You are right, of course. I am grateful for your presence right now, little brother.” He even gave him a smile and Sherlock surprisingly realised it made him happy.
“Yes, Master. Thank you, Master.” John pointed towards the bath and Sherlock fell on hands and knees and crawled over and inside. John followed and once his sub had reached the mat in front of the tub, he hooked the cuffs on his lower back. His head stayed on the mat and his thighs were spread.
“Like what? Some sort of potato bag? Don't be stupid, Sherlock. You don't have to be jealous; I don't stray and you bloody well know it.”
But Sherlock wanted to fuck him now. It didn’t matter if the responses from John were real or triggered by his glamour. He didn’t do it on purpose, so it didn’t matter. At least, that was what Sherlock told himself. He pulled out the massager making him moan.
“Listen, my beautiful. Why would I want to go alone? Without you? You are the most important thing for me. And if we go there to look at the playrooms, we will look at everything together. You know them already and can tell me everything. If I had questions, who would answer them honestly? Some scared sub? No, thanks. You will come along.” John nodded and lathered his pancake with honey.
“You can fuck me being tied up. You can do suspension. You can gag me. You can even clamp my nipples or bind my cock. What you can’t do is anything with blood, weapons, and diapers. Baby-play and pony-play. I don’t like that.” He shook his head and finished his drink.
“Arms.” Sherlock stretched out his arms and mittens were pulled up. He found him fitting boots with horseshoes underneath. John pointed down and Sherlock at once fell on hands and knees.
“God, yes, please!” Greg sat back straight and expectantly looked at him. Mycroft looked back for another second and then nodded.
His free hand lifted up the fabric of his dress and reached between his legs. Sherlock's breath hitched and he twisted in his grip. A large hand grabbed his cock and testicles at once and squeezed hard. Sherlock yelled out in pain while the man locked eyes with him. The order behind was quite clear and Sherlock stopped fidgeting.
“Mate, you look like you need a snack.” He left and rather quickly returned with a big bowl of nuts as well as a plate with fries. John smiled thankfully.
John sighed but only very quietly. He walked over to the bar and poured a glass of wine. He looked over his shoulder at Greg who sauntered closer.
“Listen, you can call me any time. I can’t stop you following me over CCTV. And don’t deny it. I know you do it all the time. I consider going on vacation since I can’t go back to work since I have been
Sherlock slowly sat up and felt around but there was nothing. He carefully made a few steps until his hands touched a wall. He followed it and found a metal door. It had no handle or window. He kept walking once around the room.
“He is hurt. Injured. Chafed off skin. Inflamed neck. He is sleeping a lot. We have just returned today.” Ian worried his lips.
The gate opened slowly and Sherlock rode up the gravelly way. John’s eyes widened. Now he knew why Sherlock had packed all their stuff. This was almost a bloody castle. He swallowed and looked at him.
“Isn’t this supposed to be gone after an orgasm?” He naturally had to ask. John had to clear his throat.
Sherlock started to mix some dips and also prepared a herbal butter. He was washing his hands under the sink in the kitchen when the butler returned from his day off.
He looked at his muscular body while he pushed his cock between his legs. John moved a little bit but not much. Instead he groaned a lot and bit into the pillow. Perhaps he liked it this way? Should he ask?
“I look forward to your blood experiments.” Right that moment two older ladies passed by and gaped at him. John pushed him into the side.
“Push!” Sherlock bucked up into it. He felt his spine tingle and his balls pulled up for a second time. And he came. John stroked him through it and he finally slumped.
“I am prepared and you haven’t even noticed. Let me show you. Come…” Sherlock smiled and rested on his back. He pulled up his long legs and gestured for him to get between them. John’s eyes moved between his legs and he saw the handle of a plug. He swallowed.
“Raven?” The wolf approached Sherlock and jumped on the bed to sniff him. Then he once licked over his face and growled showing his teeth. Sherlock ruffled his fur and smiled.
“I am looking for something nice for dinner. For Greg. I try to remember what he liked when I stayed with him, but the only things coming to my mind are pizza and beer.” John laughed.
“As long as your security does not watch from under our bed?” Greg smiled and Mycroft shook his head.
“If you need help or whatever, please call?” Lestrade looked at him and his brown eyes were warm. Mycroft had to think of chocolate fondue or some such and felt warmth creeping up his chest and neck.
“I still wonder if this was all created. I wonder if he knew something was up. I wonder about the dead person. I still have no background and no motive.” John pressed his hand.
He ripped off his laced panties and knelt by his head forcing them into his mouth. Sherlock groaned when a rope came around his head and was knotted off tight.
Sherlock pouted and stared at it. Then he started to think. He needed to get rid of these cuffs before John returned. Otherwise, he would lose this challenge and get no reward. Instead, he would be punished in however way John thought appropriate.
“I want to make love to you.” John stilled but smiled. He let go of the cups and shut off the kettle. Then he slowly turned around and looked up at him.
His arse still throbbed where the riding-crop had hit him. It felt very hot and his skin burnt. Plus, the vibrator that stuck inside his arse was still working. The batteries were long-lasting his dom had said when switching it on. A penis-plug has been shoved into the slit, too. He felt it all but he couldn't lower his head and see.
“I look forward to meeting you tomorrow, John.” John smiled and then smacked the back of Sherlock’s head.
“Thank you …” Roughly whispered only. Only then Sherlock used a thin rope around both his balls and cock to bind them.
His dom dished out thirty strokes but didn't make him bleed. Sherlock was panting. He also cried and drooled.
In the meantime, John had finished his dinner and Sherlock had had several glasses of blood. He paid the bill, hailed another cab and they drove home. Sherlock again placed his hand on John’s lower back carefully moving him forward. John did like the feeling, it was nice. He felt supported when climbing up the stairs and held on to the bannister only lightly. They entered the flat again and Sherlock just dropped his coat and scarf on the floor.
„I'll set up an alarm.“ John did exactly that and they disappeared into the bedroom. The man was tied down and the door was locked. He had no chance to escape.
“Does baby-bitch like it?” The man roughly asked. Sherlock nodded and the man laughed. John still looked very pleased. Sherlock was able to see the bulge beneath his jeans.
“So, this is all your stuff then?” Sherlock looked around kicking away some books on the floor. Then he used a knife to pin the mail onto the mantelpiece. John also saw a skull sitting up there. It was a real skull. He was sure about it after he had a closer look.
“Yes, actually I did. But I feel bad about it because I did it without my dom present. He will be angry with me...”
“Eat slowly but eat. Go on and take what it likes.” Sherlock forced his trembling hands to place the food on his plate. Then he waited for his dom who poured them wine and water. He only started to eat when he did. But then he slowly ate piece after piece until he was done.
“Jesus! And this is right in front of my office. And my pub.” Greg shook his head. How much time had they wasted?
“I never told you how I feel about you. I consider you my friend. And when John told me it was clear what I had to do.” He sighed.
“…or maybe a cemetery…” Sherlock concluded as he shut the book close before jumping up from his desk to grab his coat.
“Wiggins! Wiggins!” He shouted at a group of children huddled on the other side of the street. Wiggins turned around from his group at the sound of his name.
“Gladstone!” Sherlock cried out as the dog took him down to the ground. John swiftly shoved both Sherlock and Gladstone into the room before closing the door quietly. Sherlock was pinned to the floor with Gladstone licking his face.
“Holmes, I am at a lost. Besides a connection from the poem to Saint Paul’s and the stolen painting, I am not entirely sure if I understand our thief’s motive.”
Detective Baynes grinned at John which made the latter recoil from how unsettling the former’s expression was. The detective stood halfway out between the hallway and the room. “Guards! This prisoner is ready to be escorted.”
Sherlock listened to Mr. McArthur with patience before pointing to a wildly ostentatious brooch on his lapel.
“John?” Sherlock’s voice interrupted a brief fantasy John was experiencing, imagining reading the morning paper in peace, “we have tea with Mary later this week, so please bear that in mind.”
Sherlock nodded as turned to walk toward the breakfast table. “I very much appreciate that, Mycroft.”
The officer barely acknowledged him as he locked the cell. John turned to look out past the bars as best as he could, but he could only hear Sherlock arguing with Detective Baynes over the facts of the case that was only slightly muffled by Mrs. Hudson’s crying.
Clara nodded as she patted Bridget on the shoulder. “It’s all right, Ms. Coventry. Thank you for being so kind to me…”
Sherlock furrowed his brow but before he could respond, they heard more voices accompanied with heavy footsteps near the base of the stairs leading to the walkways.
John took his time opening the door, revealing a distraught looking Mrs. Hudson accompanied with a man surrounded by police officers from Scotland Yard.
“It has to be timed precisely or this won’t work. Understood?” Moriarty pointed at the man before turning around to leave the cellar.
“Give up! There’s no use now!” As he approached the commotion, John could see Sherlock trying to pin the ghost down.
Sherlock ignored him as he beckoned for John to head for a car far away from the explosion. They shimmied along the railings on the train before Sherlock swung his body into a car, interrupting a family of four who were loudly reacting to the commotion brought on by the explosion.
Sherlock nodded as his body bobbed up and down along the bookcase until he found the book he was searching for. “I think obsession doesn’t even begin to describe it, my dear Watson.”
“Holmes!” John cried as he reached out through the bars, “I can’t believe…they told me they didn’t allow visitors.”
Warden James quickly cut himself off as he panicked, looking in the direction of the director who made a motion with his hands not to be so casual about John being locked up for murder in the basement.
Sherlock flipped through the pages to show John. “Schuller was one of Carberry’s patients. It appears that Carberry kept the chemist’s illness a secret and he tried to have him committed but failed. They took Schuller to Westgate instead after it was discovered that Schuller was connected to some past instances related to poison that’s involved some sort of muscular stimulant…”
“I think you’ll be in for quite the surprise. I managed to get a few close friends of mine over for the weekend as well.” Mycroft had stopped them in front of a grand staircase.
Sherlock looked upward to see that he had ran into a door of an unoccupied hansom. As the voices drew nearer, Sherlock blinked quickly, trying to regain his composure before he jumped up to sprint away from his assailants.
“Oh, uh…” John jumped out of the way as the man tried to reach for the bags, “that’s quite all right. We can take them.”
Lestrade frowned before letting out another sigh. Sherlock was becoming more visibly agitated than he had already been up until this point, annoyed that Lestrade was employing the same tactics he reserved for family members and associates of suspects on him.
The factory’s tower collapsed first, taking one side of the factory with it. It looked as if the building had succumbed to the weight of poor maintenance rather than any intended destruction caused upon it, but John was confused by the boom that sounded before the collapse. John ran inside what was left of the factory, searching around quickly until he found Sherlock lying on the ground, propped up on his forearms and surrounded by a pile of rubble.
Sherlock nodded as he rose from his chair. The three of them exited the room to find Bridget yelling at Stanley about how horrible the weekend had been thus far. As soon as she saw Clara, she ran toward her with a hug.
Moriarty nodded as he accepted Sherlock’s hand, taking a moment before nodding slowly with a broad, widening smile.
John groaned as he rolled over onto his side, feeling next to him, expecting to feel Sherlock. He opened his eyes slightly as he noticed that he was alone in the bed. John let out another groan as he turned slowly onto his back, feeling all the aches from escaping the bombing as well as all the aches from the last few days.
A bullet then penetrated the door, narrowly missing John’s head. He quickly laid down as a stream of more bullets flooded the compartment. John shrieked from the noise as Sherlock laid down quietly next to him before turning on his side.
John glanced at Sherlock before looking back down at the donation book. “Well, it appears that all of these academics listed the University of London as their affiliation.”
He walked slowly to the corner, seeing immediately a case of vials that matched the ones found at the chapel and the cemetery worker’s room. Sherlock crouched down to inspect the vials further before he heard loud voices on the other side of the thin wall.
John looked around the space before looking down at the cot; the carriage house looked like it hadn’t been used in years.
Mamhud clinched his jaw as he sat up even straighter in his chair. “Well, after I heard the crashes…I saw Mr. Davenport come out of his room…then I heard Ms. Coventry…and I think I remember seeing Standish speaking with Ms. Coventry’s maid before retreating upstairs…but besides that, nothing else.”
“I will have people stationed at various points in the mansion and we’ll administer the drug after Whitehall’s speech.”
“Holmes…,” John finally spoke up as the police officers restraining him led him out of the room, “please… let the officers do their job…” was all he could offer considering the moment.
“Why, McArthur,” Sherlock started, “that would be nice, but I don’t want your staff to go through so much trouble only to entertain us.”
“Yes,” Sherlock responded quietly as he looked in the direction of Schuller’s cell, “the once respected chemist. He’s been in Westgate for quite some time,” he then turned to face John, “I have a lead with your case, Watson.”
The end of Madame Loire’s explanation forced a quieting silence that was eventually broken by an awkward cough from Mr. McArthur.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he patted John’s hand. “Well thank you for the compliment, but can we now please enjoy our vacation, Watson?” He grinned at John before rejoining the group.
The man frowned, making it obvious he didn’t believe John. A moment passed before the man reached behind himself to retrieve something in his back pocket. The move caused Gladstone to start barking loudly much like he had done at Henry. Gladstone then ran toward the man, biting him in the leg which sent the man falling down onto the walkway, shrieking in pain.
Everyone continued to grumble and complain until all the voices hushed. The group directed their attention toward Fedorov who had yet to chime in.
Suddenly, as the train eventually glided to a complete and bumpy stop, a group of local police officers appeared in the luggage car, wielding their guns.
John swiveled to look behind himself, seeing two men now standing at the entrance to the factory. John backed away about a foot or two as the men slowly approached him and Gladstone who was now snarling and barking. As one of the men quickened his pace, positioning himself to strike John, John let go of Gladstone to duck before the man made contact. John punched the man in the stomach before the man grabbed him and forced him to the ground.
As he crawled into the upper story, John surveyed the area immediately, keeping in mind that some of the men from down below may come up the interior staircase. He could hear voices from down below, but he couldn’t understand what they were saying. However, nothing sounded amiss, so John told himself that Sherlock must be hiding to avoid any conflict.
One of the train employees burst into the space, brandishing a gun. John wasted little time as he squeezed the trigger to his revolver, disarming their assailant almost immediately. Sherlock patted John on the shoulder before running out into the hallway.
Mycroft smiled as he removed his coat and hat. “And I’m not too late for dinner, correct? I was looking forward to giving you more words of wisdom,” he turned around to sit down in the chair facing the fireplace, “and I know all of this is trying, Sherly, but I really think the approach you’re taking is the best—”
Lestrade looked past Detective Baynes down the hallway to ensure they were alone. “I would like to go over the facts with you…” Detective Baynes sighed but Lestrade pressed on, reaching out a hand in a defiant position, “I don’t think everything has been considered.”
Mycroft feigned offense as he tried to see where Sherlock had run off to. He then looked around himself again, sighing.
John chuckled half-heartily as he took the moment to observe Sherlock reading his notes before returning to his own.
John nodded sternly as he joined Sherlock at the counter. He leaned slightly to see what Sherlock was inspecting in his deceased colleague’s journal; the pages visible were riddled with incoherent symbols and sketches.
“After I realized that you two were gone—thank you again, by the way, Sherly, for not completely including me in your plans…”
John stood up to turn around to see that one of the men from the group below was now standing on the walkway. John held up one hand as he held on Gladstone’s collar.
Sherlock ignored him as he walked up to the bay windows to see Mary speaking with the police out on the street. Sherlock waited for what seemed like forever before motioning to John that it was clear for them to leave. They hustled out into the hallway with Gladstone who indicated once or twice, and very excitably, that he thought he was going on a walk. They managed to quiet Gladstone before leaving through the back door out of the kitchen.
Warden James beamed as he let on that he was becoming a little too excited that Sherlock was engaging him in conversation about his prison.
John sighed as he followed Sherlock but as they approached the house, they heard another hysterical scream, but this time it was a man’s voice. They ran quickly back inside the house to find that Mr. McArthur had fainted in the oval room and Mary was doing her best to make him comfortable.
“I highly doubt wherever we’re going, you’ll need your traveling archive—whatever the devil that could be.” John was aghast.
John looked down at the cup before reluctantly accepting it. They spent the next few hours thinking through a plan to reach the address undetected before arriving later than evening at what looked to be an abandoned sawmill.
Both guards awkwardly glanced at each other before looking at the director who let out a strained cough. Mycroft looked at everyone around the group before clapping his hands together.
John raced past Sherlock, cutting him off in the middle of the hallway. “For god’s sake, Holmes. We’re on vacation. Something probably fell in the kitchen.”
“Mycroft,” Sherlock interrupted, “you’ve seen what happens with this drug. We have to get Watson out of that prison.”
Mycroft sighed as he placed whatever he had managed to purchase from the bakery on the table. “The doctor wouldn’t be in this mess if you two lived near me…”
“You’ll have to excuse my family, gentlemen. Our father used to tell us ghost stories and they’ve only gotten more colorful as we’ve grown older, much to my dear sister’s disliking.”
Sherlock sighed loudly to himself, but so much so that it disturbed Mycroft who had dropped the knife he was using to spread butter on his toast.
But instead of responding, John could see that something else had caught Sherlock’s attention. John watched as his companion’s facial expression hardened as he walked slowly across the walkways to an opening that looked out beyond the factory. John stared wide eyed at Sherlock as he watched him, but not sure what he should do considering shouting at Sherlock for not listening to him would only worsen the situation.
“Sherly.” Mycroft jumped into the hansom right after Sherlock as the latter gave the address to their intended destination.
“Yes, it appears that Standish found them before they could take anything. I think the London papers could say that he was a ‘hero’ of some sort…” Sherlock ended.
The doors to the wagon flew open as some guards dragged John and the other prisoners out into the cold, dark night in front of what looked like a fortified castle. John cringed; he had heard stories about Westgate prison, but he never thought he would end up as a prisoner there.
He looked around the room to find Sherlock lying on the sofa in his smoking jacket and pajamas, smoking a pipe. Sherlock turned his head slightly to address his brother.
Sherlock stepped in front of John to wedge himself between Detective Baynes and his companion. “Detective Baynes, what is the meaning of this? Where’s your warrant and where is Lestrade?”
“Ah, my children!” The elder Mr. McArthur appeared in the parlor wearing an elegant dark smoking jacket, “glad to see that you’re both here.” He motioned for James to follow him through the room to the back parlor which was connected to the front with a large arch opening. Madame Loire was in the room setting up cake and tea.
Sherlock nodded slowly, moved by Mary’s concern which shocked him a little. He choked back his feelings as he walked to the breakfast table.
“…you see that we’re trying to work the best that we can with the conditions we’re given.” He smiled at Schuller before motioning for henchman cowering near the doorway to lead him back to the main area of the cellar.
Sherlock’s face turned somber as he sat down in Lestrade’s favorite chair. “Lestrade, I need you to tell me what you know.”
“I didn’t do it!” Henry shrieked as he backed up against the railing on the walkway, now holding his Colt Peterson out toward Sherlock which caused Gladstone to bark loudly, “I didn’t think it would get this bad, Mister. I’m sorry my uncle was a part of this…”
John let out a sigh as he hung his head. He took a moment before looking back up at Detective Baynes.
Sherlock and John were standing on the docks floating on top of the Delaware River. Sherlock was taking in the scene while John was holding all their luggage.
John thought to himself at once before remembering that he was on the run from the police and any contact would be ill advised.
“Watson.” Sherlock stood up from the floor to limp toward John, “you need to trust that we’ll figure our way out of this. We have Carberry’s journal. That’s the key to solving this case.”
John frowned; he could no longer wait but they couldn’t rush the sawmill without putting themselves in danger.
The man took a deep breath before entering the room with Moriarty closely behind. As they walked in, they found Dr. Schuller in the corner of the room, sitting with his back facing them. Moriarty’s henchman inched back toward the door in fear, causing Moriarty to roll his eyes.
Sherlock rolled his eyes as he pointed to Standish’s body. “Mycroft, as you can see, there has been a murder. Please have everyone wait in the solarium.” He then turned to address the group.
The secretary nodded as she rose from her desk, rounding it to get to the director’s office. She knocked once before opening the door slightly.
John nodded sternly; the call of duty was more drawing than being clearly bewildered by this train employee’s eerie demeanor. John placed his newspaper down on the table before rising to follow the employee. They exited the dining car and walked from car to car until they neared the luggage car next to the engine.
John looked around, thinking the employee would have led him to a passenger compartment instead. “Uh, the passenger is in here?” He pointed to the luggage car.
“…but we can give you another compartment, if you wish.” The employee offered as he turned around to face Sherlock, “I’ll send someone momentarily.”
After a moment of awkward silence, the group reshuffled to congregate in the adjoining sitting room. Sherlock huddled near John at the fireplace. John was trying to have a conversation with him, but it was clear that Sherlock’s attention was elsewhere.
“An antidote to Schuller’s drug,” Sherlock responded as a matter of fact as he pulled the spoon out which was beginning to disintegrate, “or whatever Carberry thought the antidote might be to Schuller’s drug.” Sherlock tossed the spoon onto a pile of spoons that had become the unfortunate victims of Carberry’s experiment.
Sherlock and John followed Mr. McArthur into the house and into the vestibule as Mr. Arthur continued on about how wonderful it was to have them visit Philadelphia. As they spoke, music from a reed organ filtered in through the vestibule from the front parlor.
John sighed again, hanging his head low; he knew Sherlock would work on the case all night so there was no use in trying to get him to rest.
Sherlock stepped toward the heiress. “Are you certain?” He eyed the woman as he waited for a response.
John shook his head. “I don’t understand, Holmes. Why would the judge who presided over Schuller’s case be meeting with Coney?”
“Mycroft, I’ll just be a minute.” He pointed in the direction of the restroom that was down the hallway in the opposite direction.
“I’ll distract the police and you take Gladstone.” She said before closing the door to face Sherlock and John again.
John rolled his eyes as he spun around to exit the room. “Just what I needed…this damn blasted ‘vacation’…”
“Yes,” Sherlock rose from the sofa to retrieve his smoking pipe at the fireplace mantel, “it’s all circumstantial.”
“Information our dear Coney has been given from the Yard. Look.” Sherlock pointed to a file that John had stopped on. It was the case concerning Dr. Schuller and his poisonings.
Moriarty grinned unnervingly at Sherlock before taking a moment to wrap up the end of his lecture. As another speaker took the dais after him, Moriarty sat down in the front row with the other lecturers billed for that day, remaining as stoic as ever, appearing to be enjoying the end-of-the-day talks.
Sherlock crossed the waiting room to knock on the door to the main space. They waited a moment before it opened to reveal Coney’s secretary.
Mr. McArthur continued to frown at John, clearly confused that he was willing to take his own things upstairs. “Okay, suit yourselves. I put you and Mr. Holmes in the nicest guest room at the end of the hall on the second floor. You’ll see it. And take your time!” He then spun around on his heels before heading back into the parlor to join his children.
With a cry of frustration, John punched the wall next to the demon’s face with his free hand, getting closer. The man lazily opened his eyes, pupils dilated, and looked straight into his eyes.
The fire receded and the glow returned to his body as he calmed. He now looked like a pissed of short man. He saw Morning St… Sherlock look at him as if he was the answer to all secrets, and the questions to some more. It was a look he had once been used to, now it only left him with sadness and bittersweet memories.
The good thing about newborns was the haze of bloodlust that took control once they tasted fresh human blood for the first time. Killing was not easy for some, but once the fever rose, there was no morality or rational thinking. Only need.
John was wearing a suit Sherlock gave him as a Christmas present. It was the only quality suit he had, tailored and perfectly fitting. The soft grey colour of the fabric looked so perfect on him. It complimented the shade of his blonde hair. A quick sniff confirmed John was using his Adolfo Domingez cologne, sandalwood, pepper, and rosewood were the strongest scents and Sherlock loved it because it matched so well with his own natural smell. It was a shame he was using it for some boring woman, though.
The room was mostly empty of anything useful. There was only a small table with a chair and against the wall opposite to the door was the plush King size bed where he had been laying. He saw a pair of hooks on the other side and he needn’t be a soldier to know those were meant to hold a chain. And by the looks of them, it was one hell of a chain.
John shuddered for a moment. He had allowed himself some humanity since he had woken in the hospital, knowing he was safer there than anywhere else in the world, and discovered that he felt strange among so many people. It seemed that after so much time outside of the ordinary life, he had lost all of the practice or custom that he could have with respect to the social relations in general, and the human contact.
It took only a couple of minutes more till John took a step backwards, sighing as he moved away from the now dead man, pinned to the wall. The body fell heavily to the floor at John’s feet, eyes closed and throat marked by bloody rivers and tears. Dark marks where John’s hand and fingers had held him still, now fading to an ugly yellow.
He took off his coat and scarf and as he hanged them behind the door, he took off his shoes. Then, he also took his socks off and threw them at the laundry basket, and walked to the living room in his shirt and trousers, naked feet finding the heat of both the parket and the living room's old persian carpet.
When they arrived at Buckingham, John was moved to one of the upper floors, following the large and luxurious rooms. The golden decorations were making him feel sick. All of the food that you could buy with that… just one of the columns were enough for fifty families to sustain themselves in the ‘Lion Den’.
John hoped the feather he left for the boy’s soul would bring them some peace at least. Maybe a bit of dreaming once he fixed all of this would be appreciated.
A wave of warmth passed through Sherlock, affection swallowing him whole. His John. Strong, confident, military John was scared but awaiting instructions. He had left the ultimate command in Sherlock’s hands, sure he would make the best choice because he could read his lover’s barely restrained need to kill and destroy. John’s emotions were out of control, a storm raging inside his head. And John knew better than to let them out unleashed.
John made an affirmative sound, agreeing that the latter sounded even more strange. Maybe all of it had only been a twisted situation. Maybe Sherlock had just been extremely, stupidly lucky. He profoundly disliked thinking there was a very real chance of him never meeting Sherlock. And yet there was nothing he could have done about it. He silently thanked whatever gracious deity had considered them worthy of a chance of being together.
cabin boy? Serving you lunch, helping you dress? Working around the ship half naked, covered in sweat?”
