“Tony,” Steve insisted, surprising himself with the sudden strength and conviction in his tone. “I’m staying. That was the deal- you can go home if I stay and watch you until the doc gives you the ‘okay’. Deal with it or go back to the hospital.”
Steve paused a moment, then huffed softly. He felt quite in over his head and with Tony’s refusal to seek inpatient help, he felt the burden all on his own. “If we’re going to do this,” he began gently, “I need you to be willing to at least visit a psychiatrist. You can’t do this with only my help, Tony. You need
“Can’t I come to say hi?” Tony plopped himself down beside Steve, releasing a breath of exhaustion and leaning his head back against the pillow, eyes falling closed. Steve’s eyebrows only cast an even darker shadow over his blue gaze.
“Is daddy… i-is daddy m-mad at me?” Peter whispered, eyes downcast. His lower lip trembled and Steve was quick to intervene.
Steve couldn’t help but mentally curse his own features. Of course, the serum had given him enhanced healing, superhuman strength and endurance, but it also gave him endurance in other areas- which would be fine so long as he had some outlet for all of that energy. Sadly, all that was left for him was just that; his left hand. And so, in the particular situation, he allowed for his hand to snake down to the length and fix over it, stroking slow, up and down. He allowed his eyelids to shut once again and focused his attention on creating a caricature of a young man- maybe some amalgamation of the young models he’d seen so often posted on billboards in this century. Brown hair, brown eyes, lithe figure…
Steve barely heard himself mutter a thanks before the nurse had hurried away with a clipboard in hand. For a moment, he allowed his gaze to continue resting upon the almost-peaceful figure on the hospital bed, hands shoved deep into his pockets almost protectively. Then, in an effort to calm himself, he sucked in a deep breath, retracting his stare to survey the room. At least it was a nice room- well, of course it was. This was Tony Stark, Iron Man, genius, billionaire, playboy, philanthropist. Of course, the walls were still a sold and dismal white, an all-too-familiar buzz from the fluorescent lights beating down on the two of them. But still, in the corner sat two chairs and a small table with a plant upon it, a game of chess and a deck of cards set neatly on top of it. Steve strode to the chair and pushed it to the side of Tony’s bed, allowing enough space to keep Tony feeling at ease.
“No! I’m sick of it. Do you have any idea how much it took for me to trust you? I trusted you and you quite
Steve somehow managed to sit them both on the couch once more, the smaller man tumbling awkwardly into his lap. He made no effort to move, so Steve held him against his own body tightly and securely, even when his good arm flailed and hit and tried to push him away. Steve had spent far too many PTSD-fueled nightmares next to Bucky not to be an expert in calming panic attacks- and Tony was far smaller and easier to manage than a mental-armed super soldier. Steve was used to this panic, yes, but at least with Bucky, he knew every trigger. Here, he was clueless.
The bathroom was nearly as pristine as the others that he had seen, though it had collected a thin sheen of dust due to being underused. Steve almost felt a pang of melancholy for the bathroom, in a strange way. He chuckled out loud at the thought and turned the shower knob. This bathroom was… different. It was schemed in red instead of white with the taps being gold instead of silver- whether painted or
He didn’t really have to get out of bed to know what was happening- he could regretfully hear perfectly well from the bed. However, he still forced his legs under him and stumbled to the master bathroom, cracking the door open to peer inside. Tony was trembling, clinging to the toilet seat and losing what looked like his lunch from the past three years. Despite the situation, he appeared to be relatively calm- exhausted, but calm.
maybe he was panicking a little bit. “Shit,” he cursed. His hands shook with so much ferocity that the white wad that he held was white-knuckled in his grip. Shit. Shit.
Steve’s mind swam with the information, eyes never leaving Tony’s still form. So much of it he was… surprisingly able to stomach. Tony had been hurt far worse in the past; it was the silence that caused his chest to tighten in an uncomfortable way.
to Tony. Tony had his secrets, so Steve could have his own. Even though he knew that Tony had been outed as a raging bisexual a year after his “I am Iron Man” speech, he doubted the man would
Okay, so maybe Steve practically jumped out of his skin at the sudden voice, drawing in a sharp breath and tensing in place, prepared instinctively for combat. He cursed his programmed, heightened senses, ears burning red with shame despite that only the AI was around to witness.
“It’s late,” Steve stated suddenly, lips pressing into a thin line. “We should, uh, get up and head to bed.”
.” He rolled his eyes, arm fumbling clumsily as he tried to gross it over the casted one. There was something guarded behind his expression.
“Jesus-“ he exclaimed shortly, tripping over something on the floor. “Why’re you sitting in the dark?”
for god’s sake. Still, Steve had clung onto the hope that he would witness at least the slightest shred of human decency within tragedy. Instead, he was greeted with the sight of reporters and cameras, shuffling about near to the hospital doors like buzzing mosquitos or a dumb-faced school of carnivorous fish. They didn’t have to be told that the rumbling vehicle pulling into the parking lot was Steve Rogers. As if customers at the gates on a Black Friday, they tripped over themselves, struggling to block Steve’s path. Steve prayed silently in thanks that God had given him strength not to speed up when a woman lunged in front of his tires.
Steve didn’t reply. He lightly returned Tony’s grin before angling his blush downward to the paper. The lower lip had just begun to take shape, soft and real. Not real enough. It was once the drawings were done, once he had hung them or set them by the window to catch light or slid them into pressed pages that the mourning came. Not real enough. Not real.
Tony’s jaw locked and his gaze fell, sucking in a calming breath through his teeth- it didn’t work. Steve could still feel the shaking, could still feel the dam of emotion about to be swept in by the tide. “You don’t,” he disagreed, shaking his head slowly. “Not a good idea, spangles. I-I don’t deserve it.” Steve felt something within him pound at the words, wishing to scream a resounding defiance at the words because
“Um, yeah,” Steve replied, retracting his stare from Tony’s face and directing it back to the task at hand.
“Tony, no.” Steve’s hand curled in the soft texture and he tugged it from Tony’s shoulders, tossing it back onto the bed. “Come here, I’ll get you a jacket.”
Tony was turning around to leave, then he wasn’t. He was closing the distance, reaching out to meet Peter as the younger boy’s frail arms grabbed at the empty air for him. Then, they were both crying, holding each other as closely as humanly possible. Tony’s fingers smoothed over the wild brown curls, his other arm pulling the small figure close to his chest. He gasped in the familiar and comforting scent and the air was no longer crushing down on his lungs.
“I want-“ Steve broke off, his mouth clamping shut instinctively. It seemed like the thoughts on his tongue could change it- they could break so many things. But, oh, he could fix so many things too. A shaky exhale and Steve allowed the pad of his thumb to rub soothingly over Tony’s hand. “I-I want to.”
They were the only two in the place, so Steve didn’t need to turn when he heard the elevator begin to whirr, signalling that Tony was moving about somewhere in the place. Steve hadn’t expected that he would sleep, especially since it was only 11 PM- which, Steve had learned, was practically 3 PM for Tony Stark. He was probably on his way down to his workshop to tinker away endlessly and manically unit Steve came to drag him to bed. The man kept his gaze down to where the only light in the dark room shone, a lamp curled to aim directly at the page in his lap. He focused himself and continued to shade in the dips and curves of the portrait’s upper lip.
Steve wanted to take Peter to the doctor, so Tony brought the doctor to him. The particular doctor was a paediatric neurological psychiatrist, flown in from Germany to assess Peter. The examination required the doctor to be around Peter for hours on end, observing his behaviour and emotional patterns. In the end, the conclusion came that Peter was experiencing a sensory processing disorder, specifically sensory over-responsive. It was, the doctor explained, as if his senses had been “dialled to an eleven” in these moments, set off by uncomfortable sensations.
“I’m afraid of how that ‘thinking’ will end up.” Steve stated, confessed- well, hid the confession with a stoic expression. Removed. Cold.
Beneath him, his imaginary lover continued to rub his sensitive skin, a sly and knowing grin that fit his face all too well stretched over his lips.
A slammed door. Steve awoke with a start. Beside him, where his arm rested, was warm with body heat- but no body. It took moments for the man to compute the absence and sit upright, immediately sprinting into combat mode; where had Tony been taken to? Who was he taken by? Steve’s breaths came shallower, reserving energy and-
Tony was perched on the edge of the bed, one leg crossed underneath him in a position that would be far too awkward for Steve to stand himself. He was stripped down to a white t-shirt and floral print boxers which Steve would have teased him for in any other circumstance. It had been a little more than difficult to put the shirt on, given the injuries, and to sling the cast back into place. Tony seemed immune to the pain throughout anyhow.
The various medicines were pushed up onto a shelf out of view once adequate supplies were gathered. A glass of water, painkillers, a cool cloth, soda crackers. When Steve returned, armed with his weapons of choice, Tony blinked in wait.
Steve sat up abruptly. He slipped his legs out from under the covers and his bare feet hit the chilly floor, thanking the expensive mattress for the fact that his movements hadn’t woken the other. A long, drawn out sigh. A shake of his head to clear the thoughts away. He decided to take a shower on a different floor entirely.
Tony pulled his sleeve up to cover his face, the baggy fabric adequately shielding his features due to its oversized nature. Gasping breaths- what were something more like badly-hidden sobs. “I’m gonna mess it up.”
“I’m serious, Tony. You’re not going to be having showers for at least a month and I hardly trust you to walk, let alone get into a tub.”
“Tired,” came the reply. Steve didn’t ask of what. Steve’s fingers curled around Tony’s, frowning at the trembling sensation that was there. The skin was cold.
Tony pressed his lips together in an interested look, nodding in understanding. “Romantic,” he decided out loud.
Tony laughed, which shocked Steve for a moment. “I-I once called Pepper to t-tell her that I was kidnapped again.” Steve felt his breath hitch. To be completely honest, he knew
“Don’t you get it?” Tony questioned, flickering gaze finally resting still on Steve’s face. “I forgave you a long time ago.”
together. “This is so much worse, Steve. It’s so much worse.” No nicknames, no humour. All was suddenly borne out into the open air and Tony
“You’re getting your information from tabloids now? Oh, sugar, even Pepper’s tits are less fake than that wad of bullshit. If only ol’ deadbeat Howard could hear his hero now.” It wasn’t funny anymore. Tony was then shoving Steve back weakly considering that he only had one arm to do so. “Leave me the alone for your own good, Steve. Just… just go, alright? Go home.” There was a sudden note of mourning buried in Tony’s voice and Steve wanted nothing more than to chase it out.
Steve felt his cheeks flush at the words. Tony had instructed Jarvis to watch out for him? He dismissed the thought, convincing himself quickly that it was nothing to be read into too deeply. “That’s kind of intimidating.” Steve said instead, gaze flickering around the room as if in search of a physical embodiment that he could address.
Steve grimaced, trying not to think of what would happen next. He stepped forward, finding the hem of Tony’s shirt and tugging upward, allowing for Tony to maneuver his cast out of the material. Once the shirt was discarded, Tony dropped the floral print boxers to the ground and
The bathroom light shone out from the crack between the door and the floor. Just in the washroom. Not gone. Still here. Steve’s mind processed these facts mechanically like equations through a computer. Still here. Not 1938. It’s not 1938.
“We should probably get you in the bath,” Steve recommended, tilting his head slightly. Tony chuckled weakly, sniffing as if sick.
Tony, to no surprise, beat Steve three times in a row even on all of the drugs that he was likely on. Even despite the unnerving tremble in Tony’s hands and the situation they were in, Steve still allowed himself to chuckle when Tony put him in checkmate within fifteen minutes of playing or less. Even then, he knew that the genius was going easy on him. He’d seen the man piece together a communication device in the middle of the Antarctic out of just the remnants of a clock and a radio.
“What truth?” Tony challenged, his once carefree and amused expression overshadowing with the same closed off guard that Steve had seen so often. “So that you can thrust another shield through my chest and leave me to die in Siberia?” Tony growled and
It didn’t take too long for him to settle in with Jarvis having sent Tony’s personal hired hands to retrieve enough clothes and necessities for him to stay for at least a month. Steve felt a discomfort at imagining men in suits going through his sock drawer, but surrendered to the complexity of it all. The men offered to unpack, but Steve wasn’t
“I-I can’t make him stop, Steve,” Tony lamented, panic coursing through his veins. What if Peter was hurting? What if he could never fix this? Was he that incompetent, that he was thrust into a full-blown panic attack at his son’s crying?
” Tony’s fingers wound around Steve’s, a pale and sluggish expression sprouting a forced smile. “It’s going to be okay. I-I’m fine, okay? It’s gonna be fine, spangles. I need you to c-calm down, though. Can you, uh… can you do that for me?” His tone was shockingly sincere and almost out of character. Steve felt a buzzing inside of him begin to still, a warmth settling down in his chest and blossoming outward like glowing flame. Warm.
“I didn't expect you to say anything.” Finally, the empty air was broken. “I would have taken you back anyways.”
There was a pause as Steve mulled over this information, pressing his lips tightly together. He inhaled deeply, thinking. “Is he okay, then? Can you tell me that?”
“Not like this,” Tony refuted, shaking his head which was mostly covered by the protective barrier of his sleeve. “W-when I had to get out of that cave, I did it for all the people I-I had waiting back home. When I had to deal with all the-“ he gestured to his forehead, “- mental stuff, I did it for Pepper. W-who do I do it for now?”
Steve’s own blood, blood that was not all over the pristine white bathroom, ran cold. “What do you mean?”
“You alright?” Steve murmured gently, pressing a quick kiss to the tip of his nose. Tony chuckled- it was the most beautiful thing Steve had heard in this century.
“I don’t.” Steve settled for saying simply. Even despite the protests, his arms slung around Steve’s neck. Skin to skin, warmth on warmth. A small smile came to Steve’s lips.
“Then leave,” Tony invited, sweeping an arm and making a bowing motion. When he tried to recover, his torso swayed to the side and he nearly fell off his chair, wincing at the bite in his ribcage. “Look, I’ve gotta finish working on this design before I lose my inspiration so chop-chop, get to it.”
go to bed before four in the morning, he would be roused by little hands shaking him awake the minute he closed his eyes. It was the nights that both of them had nightmares when things would go especially askew. If Peter having terrifying dreams wasn’t enough for him, his father having terrifying dreams surely shocked him, especially when the young boy would finally cry himself to sleep only to be woken by Tony’s loud cries.
This one is a lil' short.... but also a lil' steamy. Some good ol' fantasizing this chapter so WARNING: soft smut ahead
“You’re gonna make me walk across the parking lot to the CVS?” Tony questioned, a disgusted tone creeping into his words. Steve merely let out an irritated huff.
“Gross.” Tony’s voice was hardly a murmur. Steve’s heart dropped in sorrow. Then, a grin. It grew over Tony’s face- different from any other proud and cocky expression he’d worn before. “Do it again.”
“No!” Tony began, a panic rising very quickly in his tone. “Please, Steve, please don’t.” His head shot upward and hit Steve’s face with a sharp sting.
Tony stayed silent. Steve wanted to pull a reply from the man’s mouth, to let Tony berate him and curse him out; it would feel better than the eerie quiet that came over them. Despite this, Steve couldn’t help himself. He was afraid. He was afraid to mess this up.
Finally, a plastic bag was pushed toward them along with a pen. Steve hurriedly dug for his receipt and scribbled a signature, pushing it back across the counter.
When Steve turned back around, Tony was facing away from him, his fingers grasping feebly at the shelf. He had pressed his forehead to the cool metal, eyes screwed shut in a pain-filled expression. It took only a moment for him to leap into motion, stepping hurriedly toward the smaller man and fixing his hands on both Tony’s shoulders.
“Tony!” Steve growled, spinning the bottle of Aspirin in his hand and struggling to read the small print. “Just give me a minute, I’m-“
“Fuck!” He cursed, jaw locking in an expression of anger. Steve’s stomach flipped at the exclamation and he pulled the bottle from the trembling hand, setting down the glass so that he could easily twist the cap off himself, passing the open container to Tony. Then, he watched in slight horror as Tony simply grabbed an unknown amount of the white pills and tossed them back, swallowing before Steve could stop him.
he repeated to himself, a mantra that he hoped would see him through until they arrived at the tower. It was only once his breathing had resumed its regular respirations and his heartrate had slowed to an even and consistent beat that he allowed himself to look to the passenger seat. He hadn’t expected to see much good, but it still broke him somewhat inside.
“Nothing,” Tony responded cooly, leaning back in his chair as if to be deliberately mocking. “A drink or two.”
gold, Steve didn’t want to know. He likely could have brought his mother and himself above the poverty line with just the doorknob.
It was the day that Steve was called to a mission and Tony was left alone with Peter that shit started to hit the fan.
After a moment’s time, Steve simply couldn’t pretend that he wasn’t empathetic, that he wasn’t heartbroken to see Tony in such a state. He pulled Tony gently toward him, leaving enough room for the man to escape if he so chose. He didn’t. He collapsed into Steve, still hiding his face in his hand shamefully.
“Romantic, I mean, just… the idea. It’s romantic.” Tony explained quickly, gaze resting lazily on the page in Steve’s lap. “I like it.”
what a heroin high would look like so… maybe this was it? The tabloids had said it after all and maybe they’d been right. All that Steve knew was that Tony’s state was certainly not alcohol induced alone. “The magazine on the table… it said something about you being a heroin addict. I-I know how ridiculous they can be but, I don’t know, I thought maybe…”
The elevator doors slid open, illuminating the glossy floor directly in front of the elevator. Steve did look up this time, having not expected to see Tony willingly in his space. Yet, there he was, somehow finding Steve on the fourth out of god-knew-how-many spacious living rooms in the place. He took a moment to find his footing before lumbering toward Steve, the doors sliding shut behind him. The man wore the same sloppy clothes that Steve had changed him into, a baggy cat t-shirt and some black sweatpants. He seemed to be having trouble maneuvering his bare feet in the darkness.
Tony stared for a moment, blinking and blinking. Then, that same smile came back again and he grinned, shoulders bobbing up and down in a mocking chuckle. He shook his head, laughter coming louder and louder until Steve finally back off of him, a look of disgust crossing over his face. This… this wasn’t Tony like Steve knew him.
Steve set his pencil on the pad, sliding the surface against the couch and settling it on the arm of the chair. With conviction now, driven completely by a bead of moisture which had sprung forth on his brow, he turned to wholly face the other man, fixing his arms on the other’s shoulders. Steve crossed his legs in front of him almost in an anchoring position, his full attention laid on the other. Tony blinked in surprise at the sudden change, drawing back in an animalistic instinct. He flinched. Steve didn’t want to read too much into that.
Tony’s bottom lip jutted out in a pout. “But I’m hurt,” he protested, cradling his side dramatically.
Steve paused. Was this really too much for him to handle on his own? He’d fought HYDRA face to face and had survived seventy years after careening a craft full of bombs into the ocean. Could he really not handle taking care of one man by himself?
So Steve sat outside of the door, lips pressed together as if to will himself to keep quiet. In the past, Steve would have dialled Nick Fury’s number and demanded, for the sake of America or some other stretched truth, that the man allow him to read Tony’s files. Fury would have scoffed, refused for a half-hour or lecturing, then eventually handed over the folder with some ultimatum or warning. Unfortunately, such a thing was no longer an option with S.H.I.E.L.D having been disbanded. Now, if there was any information, it was likely either hidden under government lock-and-key or had been burned up in a spectacular show of fire and explosions.
“Dandy,” Tony dismissed, sucking in a lungful of air. He used the countertop to support him, flushing and turning to the sink to rinse his mouth. Steve pushed the door open further, leaning on the doorframe as he surveyed Tony. The man’s hair looked painfully matted, sticking this way and that with no purpose or position. It was clear that he was far overdue for a shower.
The itch of the other’s scruff grew absent and their lips parted, leaning in only to rest foreheads together. Noses brushed. A breathy laugh from Tony, laboured and feeble.
Tony’s eyebrows creased together in a pained look, fingers on his good hand pulling idly at a loose thread on his shirt. Twirling, twirling nervously. “Nevermind,” he forced out, shaking his head for what felt like the hundredth time. “It’s nothing. I-I didn’t want it to be weird. Okay, capsicle?” Tony tried to cover up the discomfort with a grin, rolling his shoulders back and releasing a breath.
Maybe it was true that if he hadn't asked, Tony wouldn’t have pulled away from Steve’s touch and tried to push himself up and walk back to the elevator alone- maybe. But that was one un-negotiable thing. He barely registered a hum of disapproval that left his throat, sliding an arm around Tony’s shoulders and then another under his knees, lifting him close.
“Drugs?” Steve cut in, unable to help himself. He hadn’t even realized that he had sunk back down onto the couch at some point, hands sweaty on his knees. “It’s the drugs, isn’t it?”
“You know, some around the watering hole have… speculated… that you’ve never put it in.” Tony’s expression was the picture perfect, carbon copy of a bratty child who'd just smudged black paint all over the kitchen walls. Naked.
Neither men spoke until Steve had nearly finished, running his fingers though the wet strands. Tony’s eyes blinked open sluggishly and he sighed contentedly.
At least Steve’s room was nice, he supposed. Of course, he did have full sole choice over which of the forty guest rooms in the place. He selected the closest room to Tony’s, one that sat just one floor below the penthouse suite. It was complete with its own full bathroom and kitchen, a king sized bed placed directly in front of a large, flatscreen television. Steve wouldn’t be using that and the room was far too high-brow for his taste, but he sacrificed his modesty in order to be closer to Tony- in case of emergency, he assured himself.
Of course, every child had meltdowns. Steve and Tony had dealt with the occasional “I-won’t-eat-my-peas” meltdown, just as every other parent had. However, these meltdowns were much different. Tony’s work would be interrupted by a call from the first grade teacher, lamenting in a panicked voice that Peter was completely inconsolable. The sobbing would last for sometimes an hour along with all the fix-ins, kicking legs and screaming and writhing on the floor. At first, the fathers had dismissed it as a bad day or a poor night’s sleep due to nightmares- however, it quickly ran downhill.
“You alright?” Steve asked gently once Tony’s initial sickness had passed, struggling not to wince as Tony spit into the toilet and sat back, wincing as he clutched his side.
Steve’s legs strained as he reached out to get it, sliding it back along the surface until it lay open in front of him. He flipped idly to the front page to find a glaring, glossy image of the man standing directly in front of him. At first, he expected to see reports of the crash but reasoned that it was far too early for reports to already be out- right?
Steve’s mouth ran dry for a moment. It was as if shock had frozen the words he struggled for. War. Silence.
“It’s my time of th-the month,” Tony joked dryly, though his state was no laughing matter. Every possible colour had drained from his cheeks and now was a ghostly pale instead.
Steve gulped and averted his eyes immediately, clearly uncomfortable. His gaze retracted upward and-
“No, not like that, really. I draw regular things from back then too, not just people. My motorcycle, the view from my bedroom window… all of those things.”
“Don’t sprain your wrist jerking yourself off.” Steve replied easily. Tony’s mouth dropped comically and he coughed out a laugh.
Tony drew in a sharp breath through clenched teeth, tugging at the white material of the shirt. When he spoke, his throat strained. “Still want you, though.”
“I know, I know.” Steve’s eyes scanned manically for the young woman, whirling around with the intent to pace urgently to the counter and pay for the basket full of medicine. What he saw caused his heart to skip. The woman was no longer at the computer or rustling around in the medications behind the counter. No, she was huddled closely with her friend just behind the cash register, giggling and whispering. They each had an iPhone clutched in their hands.
“Hey,” Steve murmured, resting his left hand on the steering wheel and allowing his right to brush over Tony’s side. He pulled away initially when the man flinched beneath his touch, but was somewhat surprised when instead, he found his pale hand laced into Tony’s darker one. It just fit. Steve forced himself not to think anything of it. “Tony, you’re alright. It’s gonna be okay. We’ll get back to the tower and get you some medicine to bring down the fever.” He knew all too well what a fever meant from his childhood; hypersensitivity, hyper-emotionality. He was sure that neither of those things were helping the man’s case.
Steve shook his head slowly, lips pressed in disappointment- Tony would have assumed it was disappointment with the book but really, it was with Tony. Would he expose himself further? Steve glanced at Tony, surveying his bitter and broken expression. Watching that Adam’s apple bob with a hard swallow was all that it took.
Tony smiled, thin-lipped, painstakingly. “Good.” He patted the back of Steve’s palm firmly and withdrew. “Now, uh, let’s get this sh-show on the road, if you don’t mind.”
Steve wanted to swat away Tony’s hand, to frown at the change in character. The guard was up once again- fragile, but Tony was trying to close himself off. Instead, he fed into it. “Figure what out?” Bare feet navigated the cold flooring, rounding the couch and finally slowing once they had reached the bedroom. All was dark, save for the flickering lights of New York City illuminating the windowpane and the steady, pale glow of the arc reactor. Steve set the other down on the bed, somewhat grateful for the lack of visibility so that he wouldn’t have to see Tony’s state, his pale face, his wincing even when Steve tried his hardest to make his movements as smooth as possible.
and he averted them quickly, staring down Tony. The man had a smug grin plastered on his face, those same pinprick pupils having returned.
Peter bit down on his lip, tears finally spilling over again. “I-I…” He began unsurely, pressing both of his clammy palms to Tony’s cheeks again. “I think you’re a really good daddy.” Peter offered, those shaky breaths returning. “And I-I l-love you a lot. Don’t cry.” Peter had always been a very emotional kid but this, this had Steve practically floored.
“I’ll miss you,” Tony pouted and, yeah, it was certainly just a fever. A fever. Thankfully, the other climbed onto the sheets, collapsing on his back in a show of over-dramatics. Steve dimmed the lights.
He’d received these calls before, or so he thought. Occasionally, an urgent mission simply couldn’t wait for the next day. Just as the diligent soldier that he was trained to be, he shot up from his sleeping position and reached easily for the phone, expecting to hear Nick Fury or Hill’s voice on the other end.
It took Steve four miles before he allowed himself to truly breathe, the pounding of blood in his ears dying down enough that he could finally hear the steady hum of traffic.
“It’s not,” Steve insisted quietly, gazing intently at him. “It’s not okay, Tony- and that’s fine. You… you don’t have to be okay.”
A relatively uncomfortable silence settled over them, Steve flustered and struggling to think up something to say. No, of course he wasn’t a virgin, but he surely didn’t want to reveal
“You’re going to sleep?” Steve asked once more, tilting his head downward to shoot the other an expectant expression. Tony nodded again, blinking idly.
“You promised,” Tony responded quickly, his fingers tugging at Steve’s sleeve persistently. “You promised that you wouldn't leave.”
Steve scoffed audibly at the reading, shaking his head in dismay. He’d been on the same cover once- not as many times as the ever-famous Stark, but once was enough. They had fabricated so many “secrets” about him that he practically had to question
“Alright,” Tony finally said. “Mi casa es su casa.” He opened the cupboard and retrieved a black mug, setting it down by the coffee press.
“Tony,” Steve chuckled, sighing out a long breath. “Read between the lines: not everyone in my time was straight.”
“I know,” Steve replied once again, biting down hard on his lip for a moment. His own emotion began to swell at the words; it’s gonna hurt.
“Oh my god!” A shriek sounded from just down the aisle and Steve spun on his heel, finding a young couple staring in their direction. The woman clung excitedly to her husband’s arm and she began to fumble in her purse, finally clutching to her phone. Steve’s fingers grasped at his own hood and he pulled it over his head quickly, guarding Tony’s form almost instinctively with his own body.
“Uh,” Steve began, cursing himself for his weak, uncertain responses once again. “I, uh, think I kind of want to sleep in my own bed. Well, not my own, but- you get it, right?” He tried not to visibly wince at the other man’s deflated expression. It was at that moment that he realized that it wasn’t weird. No, Tony didn’t mean it to be weird. “Tony… why do you want me to stay? I-I need to hear it.”
“Why… T-Tony-?“ this was it. The well-to-do, mannerly, star-spangled man with a plan was choking on his words. Even in the most dire of situations, Steve was able to get out more than two damn words. Two damn words and he still stumbled along. There were a million questions that he wanted to ask;
“Pete? Pete, it’s daddy. Breathe, okay? You’re going to be okay.” Steve murmured, putting his hand out. “Can you give me your hand, baby boy? I promise I won’t hurt you. It’s me, it’s daddy.”
Tony released a stubborn puff of breath and rolled onto his back, staring blankly at the old farmhouse ceiling. Steve somewhat expected Tony to shove off the covers and stalk angrily from the room, but instead he lay still; unmoving, unspeaking.
“I can’t believe it! I didn’t think I could be the only queer in our posse,” Tony wondered aloud, tapping his chin with a single thoughtful finger. “Never,
“Tony!” Steve all-but gasped, eyebrows practically in his hairline as he snatched the bottle back. “Jesus, Tony! How many did you take?” Steve’s thoughts began to race, completely and utterly shocked by the sudden fit of rage. The pills in Tony’s hand had to be at least five or more.
“I’m cold,” he whined, his good arm attempting to cradle his casted one to no success. Those damn glassy, drugged eyes blinked once, twice, expectantly.
In the silence, Steve could hear Tony swallow hard. Something inside of him broke as he wondered if the other man had ever been told that he was enough- without the money or the suit or the bullshit. Just him. Steve sealed the words with a kiss to the cheek. For a moment, neither said anything. In the dimmed glow of the reactor, Steve watched the other’s face contort to a grimace, gaze somewhere far off over Steve’s shoulder. The blonde tapped where his thumb was on the man’s chin and nudged. “Stop it.”
Then, there was no more talking. Nothing more; full halt, full stop. Steve’s heart slowed, slowed, and felt like it stopped beating altogether. Tony’s lips were pressed to his own and it was just Tony.
“What…?” Steve murmured weakly, expression falling into a frown of deep concern. “I-I… is it the palladium again? I thought you’d-“
“Hey, Jarvis,” Steve mumbled in response, forcing a small smile. Tony broke off from his side, ambling slowly to the kitchen counter and turning on the coffee machine. The steady sound of water boiling rose and Tony just stared, waiting and waiting. Steve was sure that it killed Tony to see himself in such a position: Steve’s jacket was thrown sloppily over his shoulders, hanging limply as Tony’s arm was in a sling close to his chest. His hair was wild and unwashed, sticking up straight in some areas. Some emotion warmed Steve to see the man so… unfamiliar… and dishevelled. He told himself that it was worry.
“Can’t we save that sob story? I-I just spent the last twenty minutes watching life flash before my eyes.”
Tony winced, his hand untangling from Steve’s t-shirt and coming to lay across his throat in a painful expression. Though he seemed significantly more relaxed, he still trembled even when he sat completely still. “What do you want to know?”
Steve’s hand, which had somehow rested gently around the back of Tony’s neck, loosened its gentle hold. His skin, which had at some point pressed itself to the dark scruff on the other’s face, drew away. Blue eyes fluttered open to the shocked expression in the other brown ones. The knot in Steve’s throat dropped down to his gut. Twisted.
!” A shriek. Steve whirled around to find a mob of shoppers swarming like wasps around an empty soda can. Steve pushed his way between two bubbling teens, grimacing when he found the hooded figure hunched over and shielding his face- or attempting to with one arm. Steve would his own arm around Tony’s shoulders and continued their beeline to the counter.
There he was, in trademark sunglasses which tinted the bags beneath his eyes in a red tinge. His goatee was overgrown and scruffy, slightly covered by the hood over his head. His chin was positioned slightly to the ground, clearly an effort to avoid the pictures being snapped of him. Steve knew that Tony was used to such treatment, but it still caused an uncomfortable nausea to churn inside him.
Steve’s unoccupied hand fell just over the nape of the other’s neck and he stayed, tracing circles into the trimmed hair. It was very nearly terrifying just how much Tony’s fingers shook in his own and he held tighter as if to will them to still. They didn’t. Steve’s vision clouded slightly so he cleared his throat and forced his eyelids to shut.
“Not the ones you want. Sit up.” The weight on the bed shifted as Steve sat down, blankets bunching up. Tony pushed himself up with a wince. “Watch your ribs,” Steve warned. Tony groaned.
Steve didn’t know what Tony had been on about; it took him far less than three minutes to gather all of the pieces into a dustpan- however, it did take him around seven just to
“Which daddy? Me?” Steve questioned gently, pulling away so that he could look into Peter’s eyes. Instead of returning his gaze, Peter’s tearful eyes looked back into Tony’s, lip wobbling with emotion. He shook his head.
Tony shook his head, eyes falling closed almost in an expression of concentration. He waved his hand dismissively. When Steve began to walk back to the scene, Tony quickly caught his wrist with surprising grip, continuing to shake his head ‘no’.
It was just after that wherein Tony lost what non-existent contents of his stomach he had.The man closed his eyes in an almost sleepy expression and laughed. “At least I snorted it this time.” His voice was fried. Steve could practically lose his own lunch at the thought that the sickness might be wrecking havoc on Tony’s broken ribcage.
“Because-“ Steve’s words caught in his throat, looking over the weak form; shivering, whimpering, in complete and total daze of a withdrawal-induced fever. He wanted to say so many things- ‘
Tony was on his feet before he could register, pacing away from the bed and clasping his hands behind his head.
Tony nodded, heavy eyes still darting here and there under an ever-present influence. Steve had tried to touch him as little as possible; the trembling had come back and if he focused, Steve swore he could feel the palpitations of Tony’s already-strained heart. The sensations caused him to have his
Steve didn’t know how he found himself in the position of wrestling Tony Stark into one of his own large hoodies. The more that he struggled to pull Tony’s flailing arm through the sleeve, the more that the man huffed and complained. Finally, Steve seemed to give up in his gently urging Tony into the clothing and simply pulled it over the man’s head. His hair stuck up wildly, fuzzy and staticky which only displeased the other more. He whined, running his uninjured hand through the tufts in order to smooth them out. Steve just took over and did it himself, smoothing over Tony’s hair until the static relatively went away.
Steve’s chest ached and only then did he remember to breathe. He struggled not to feel hurt. A moment’s quiet and then he nodded again. Once more, just to feel that his head was still there, heavy.
“Well, you can’t blame them- you know, since Captain America is the pride and joy of the American people and all of its values-“
Finally, Peter’s sobs calmed enough that he could reach a shaky palm out to clasp Steve’s. Steve allowed himself to smile, stroking the clammy fingers comfortingly. “I’m gonna put your hand on my chest and you’re gonna match my breathing- like a game. You ready to play? Okay, here.” Steve helped Peter into a position where he could reach Steve’s ribs, the small boy giving in and pressing both palms flat to Steve’s chest. He still continued to cry, though his shaking breaths were noticeably longer, struggling to match Steve’s.
“Sometimes, he doesn’t know that, though.” Steve explained, chewing hard on his lip again. “You know how you have those meltdowns and you get really overwhelmed? That’s what happens to daddy too, but a little bit different. So right now, he’s feeling really…” Steve sighed, looking away dejectedly from his son as he spoke. “He’s very scared right now. He’s scared that he’s a bad daddy.”
“Fuck,” Steve hissed out loud, brow falling as he felt his muscles tensing more and more progressively. His imagined spectacle gripped at his leaking and swollen length, tugging a few times and swiping a thumb over the dripping precum leaking from his slit. “I-I- fuck, I love it. Yeah,” he groaned softly, chewing hard on his bottom lip. “Fuck, Tony, fuck..”
“J-just shut up,” Tony choked, voice weak and feeble. “I should have b-been better.” Steve’s lips parted, prepared to defend Tony but he was quickly shushed before he could. “I thought, it’s was a win-win. I-I survive the crash and get some more pills o-or I…” He didn’t have to finish- and Steve didn’t want him to.
“You’re so fuckin’ dull, Rogers,” Tony muttered, shaking his head sadly. “I-I’m not… I’m…” His words trailed away from him and he seemed to be grasping at the frayed ends, struggling to piece something,
“Nightmare,” Tony replied for the boy, kicking aside some discarded clothes strewn along the floor and sitting himself down on the bed. Steve, he thought to himself, would burst a blood vessel tomorrow if he woke to find dirty clothes askew in their room. When Steve’s frown grew even heavier with confusion, Tony shrugged helplessly. “What’d you dream about, kiddo?”
“Tony,” Steve murmured, heartbroken. “C-can I touch you, Tony? Please, I-I… I want to help.” No response came, only the small trembling of the man’s body, now not only fuelled by the drugs in his system but by the sheer emotion which rattled through him. Steve tried once more, hand ghosting over Tony’s shoulder. This time, Tony didn’t shy away- instead, he leaned into the touch.
“Better now, soldier,” came the reply, then the grin faded just slightly. “I just, uh, I-I gotta keep my pulse down for a while to… to…”
“Hey,” Steve coaxed, the memory of the scarred chest still visible clearly in his mind’s eye, even after Tony had covered it up again and collapsed onto his back again, staring at the ceiling in resignation. “I understand.”
Finally, the ever-present noises of the distant crowd stopped with an abrupt halt, silence falling over his shoulders like a curtain. Lights, curtain, scene: the image of a sleeping form was unveiled before him and he choked for a moment. Tony faced away from him, curled almost in the fetal position. One arm was clearly bound in a white cast, an IV leaking slowly into the vein just north of the white, white, white. Hurried footsteps rounded the corner, just to rip the band-aid off and find… nothing.
“No, baby, no- of course not,” he comforted the child, smoothing his hands along Peter’s forearms. “Why would you say that, Pete?”
Then, without any sort of warning, he began to strip down, releasing the strap on the sling and allowing it to fall to the tile. He rolled his shoulder, wincing. “A little help?”
“Nah,” Tony decided, face angled to the floor now. “I don’t wanna talk about it.” Faded colour. Steve wanted desperately to press, but the closed expression on the other’s face indicated that he wouldn't get far, even taking into consideration the pain written across there.
A shatter. Steve’s gaze shot up from the magazine and he was on his feet before he even had a chance to slide it aside. Tony’s fingers on his good hand gripped tightly to the countertop, white-knuckled and tense. His body faced away from Steve, various shards of ceramic laying like corpses strewn out over the tile. Steve didn’t ask any questions, instead side-stepping over the sharp pieces and reaching out to clasp Tony’s shoulder.
“No, don’t fucking pawn me off to some nuthouse like they all have! I-I-I can’t do it- fuck, please-“ he was literally begging, hysterical and heaving tearful breaths. What was once were reddened cheeks were now blanche white, appearing sickly with anxiety. Steve’s stomach flipped, complete helplessness washing over him with the given situation. Tony’s fingers tightened in Steve’s.
“But… but daddy’s a good daddy.” Peter said surely, seeming confused at the very notion that Tony would fear his failure as a parent.
“Do you want a shower?” Steve said instead, stooping down and beginning to fold the clothing neatly. He heard Tony scoff at his tidying, but he only shot the other a quizzical, daring look and continued.
In the rearview mirror, tens of people had spilled out into the parking lot, watching their idols flee from beneath the haze of the rain. He didn’t even want to try driving toward the crowd, so he pressed his foot down on the gas and exited via the entrance to the lot.
“I-I-I-“ Tony attempted, shuddering breath interrupting the train of thought. His palm was weak and sweaty in Steve’s. His grip tightened and he tried again. “I can’t do this.”
“I don’t want to talk about my sex life, frankly.” Steve mumbled, waving a hand dismissively. He reached over the edge of the tub to stop the water and sighed, thanking the Lord that Jarvis had somehow gotten the warm water bubbly- at least he wouldn’t be face to face with… while he tried to focus on getting Tony better. “Come on, in you go.”
“Yes,” Steve replied and, yeah, it wasn’t a lie. He’d done it before- ninety-four years ago. Beginning to rifle through the cupboards, Steve felt a tug on his shirt.
“I used to panic every time they recapped our defeat of the Tchitari on the news. C-couldn’t watch television for six months.”
The sickness came that afternoon and Steve watched Tony crush up a pill called Vicodin, then inhale it off the surface of his dresser. Even Steve wasn’t naive enough to flush the medication and expect Tony to go cold-turkey immediately. One, he agreed; start with one to take the edge off.
“You know that you have to let me help you- that is, if y-you’re still gonna help me- which will be here and not in any shitty rehab centre.” Tony warned. His body had finally begun to still, matching his breaths with Steve’s; he breathed out as Tony breathed in so that their torsos barely raised apart. “You’ve admitted your weaknesses and now I can push all of your buttons.”
“I’m not pitying you,” Steve insisted gently. He shifted so that he lay on his side, facing the smaller man’s still form. “Tony.” He attempted to coax the man to turn over to meet his gaze- to see nothing but understanding in Steve’s eyes.
Steve was in no way or form squeamish and certainly did not fear blood like some did- no, he feared what it entailed. He exhaled shakily only when an ache in his lungs made its presence known.
Steve disregarded the words and filled a glass anyways, setting both on the floor so that he could help the man into a seated position, not without great difficulty in Tony’s state. Tony gladly grasped the pill bottle and not-so-gladly held the glass. Upon handing him both the items, Steve thought better of it and took back the glass upon seeing the liquid tremble with the shaking of Tony’s hands. He held it patiently as Tony scrabbled to twist off the lid with his one good hand, fingers slipping uselessly along the cap. In normal circumstances, he would have covered up the weakness with a poor-taste joke. Instead, he just became more and more visibly frustrated.
The man was curled up on the seat, knees pulled to his chest in a position which would be simply impossible for Steve to achieve. From afar, he likely just looked to be a bundle of oversized clothing, hood pulled up in an attempt to hide his face from the other- and previously from the public. Shaking. Not that Steve expected much more.
“If you want me to, I will.” Steve vowed, looking up to Tony’s blanched face. True, he could barely see the man through the dark, but he could see just where the light from the arc reactor illuminated the contours of his cheeks and jaw. He wanted to touch there, to cast shadows over the blue-hued skin.
“Steve, c’mon, get the stitching and t-the anesthetic now. Bottom right.” The voice was murmuring. Quiet. Steve began to search until he dragged out the items. Something in him numbed. He set up the thread and needle-
“It’s bad,” he murmured gently, unable to keep the confession from spilling from his own mouth. “Tony… it’s bad.” It was. He could see it in the way that Tony’s expression lost its luster only moments after it had returned, in the way that his hands shook when he struggled to steady himself. Steve could only imagine how Tony had lost ability to weld and type and screw down in his workshop.
Steve pressed down on the wound, mopping up the blood and dragging out more gauze once it was sopping and crimson. Cleaning, cleaning until the laceration itself was visible enough. His breath caught in his throat; the
Tony sniffled, then wiped any remnants of emotion from his face with his arm. Finally, he allowed himself to show. His eyes still contained a redness that was a trademark of tears, skin flushed and red even without the fever. To most, it would be unattractive- to most. To Steve, it was nothing short of determined, brave.
“Sorry, sorry,” Steve apologized hastily, sighing in relief when he finally had lowered Tony enough so that the man wasn’t in immediate pain.
The air fell from between Steve’s lips and he swallowed hard, not realizing how much Tony’s mind had been affected by simply disappearing. Immediate remorse shook him. While Tony had been waking up, Steve had been running away from his despicable attractions- and if only Steve had been able to keep it in his pants, maybe Tony wouldn’t have assumed that Steve had left him like ‘the others’ had.
Steve allowed himself to relax, sliding out a chair by the counter and taking a seat. Admittedly, he was exhausted and had no clue how Tony was possibly on his feet what with no sleep and opioids in his system. He seemed almost… normal. Steve didn’t allow his mind to get carried away with this notion.
“We can fix this,” Steve vowed, lowering his gaze to press his nose into the brunette hair. Coffee, machinery, and shampoo- it was perfect. “We’ll find a great rehab a-and-“
Steve knelt before him, taking the place of Tony’s hands and putting pressure there. A whimper escaped and Steve only then recalled the ribs. He cursed under his breath at his own helplessness.
“Tony?” Steve called after him, breaking his spiralling thoughts. He turned to see that Peter’s cries had stopped and instead, Peter had stilled almost completely. A completely heartbroken expression enveloped his features, staring after Tony, his father abandoning him when he needed him the most.
“Tony,” Steve began, though he could find no words to suffice for his feelings. Instead, he allowed his large hand to ghost over the scars, thus tracing the ridges and valleys. A deep endearment welled in his ribcage, pulling tightly at his already-present feelings of affection.
“I didn’t say anything,” came the response and thankfully he returned, blinking a few times and fixing Steve with a sour expression.
“No.” Steve shook his head despite that he knew Tony would not see the gesture. “I think it’s a good kind.”
“Shrapnel,” Tony finally said simply. “Shrapnel in my chest. Another prisoner, uh… Yinsen-“ Tony cleared his throat uncomfortably. “He put a batter in my chest to- to keep the shrapnel from my heart. Hooked to a car battery.” Tony forced a laugh. Steve didn’t join him. “I deserved it. You know what I was, right? They wanted me to make my weapons for them. They, um…”
“I was going to get you food,” Steve protested, attempting to pry the fingers from his skin. It ended up being not that he didn’t have the strength to do so, just that he certainly didn’t have the heart. Even with the blinds shut, he could see the dampness of sweat on the other’s brow, could hear the teeth clacking together in a dazed chill. “And I was going to take your temperature.”
“You can’t understand! How could you?” Tony’s face was red and angry as he turned back to face Steve, clearly struggling to remain in control. His body was aflame with betrayal- or was that just the drugs? Tony’s face had flushed, shivering and sniffling in a fit of what looked like sickness.
Steve pressed his lips together in a pensive expression, brushing his fingers against the bandage on Tony’s side.
Steve would have normally objected, distracting Peter and giving Tony some time to rest. Unfortunately, it didn’t look to be his best option at the time. Wordlessly, Steve nodded and scooped Peter up. “Jarvis, where is Tony?”
That was enough to break Tony, the man pushing Peter’s hands away so that he could cover his own face. Steve was by his side immediately, running a comforting hand over his back as he sobbed. At first, Peter’s face held dejected confusion. Had he hurt daddy? Then, Tony was sitting up and pulling Peter into his lap, giving a gentle hug as if he were afraid to break the young boy.
They danced then, lips on lips, moving, moving in a perfect sinc. It just fit- a bit too well. Steve remembered his very first; sloppy, wet, uncoordinated. The lucky lady had laughed uncomfortably, thinking that the kiss was a poorly-executed joke. Neither of them were laughing this time.
“Tony,” Steve tried again, drilling holes through Tony’s eyes with his own gaze. “Are you a heroin addict?”
if they were true. Of course, within the blaring red lines and capital letters remained some bullseyes that hit far too close to the chest. Steve only prayed that they’d missed the mark on Tony this time.
Once he had stepped through the automatic doors and past the security, he allowed for a breath of relief. A wave of sharp rubbing alcohol and cleaner slapped him across the cheek and immediately, he was reminded of his mother. He fought the wave of nausea that came over him in that moment and forced his steps to continue in the direction that a nurse pointed him in. She was saying something- at least, her lips were moving. Steve couldn’t comprehend anything else.
“This isn’t a good idea.” Steve lamented, ignoring what Tony had said. Yes, he’d promised that he wouldn’t leave Tony- but wasn't this just a bit much? Despite the ridiculous situation, he zipped up his own jacket and put an arm on Tony’s shoulder to guide him to the elevator.
“Don’t.” The voice was gravelly and raw, clearly from overuse. It chilled Steve to think about the tube in his nose.
“Talk to me, Tony,” he urged, still holding the man close to him. Instead of an answer, all he received was a pitiful sob and a shake of the head. The man had somehow turned himself around in the struggle and now faced Steve. His palm pressed flat to Steve’s chest and he sniffled, pushing- or trying to push- his own torso away. “Okay. Okay.” Steve breathed anxiously, holding Tony there. “I-I’ll talk then.”
hurt them. A dozen customers trailed after them and they were armed, cellphones on constant record. He allowed a sigh of relief once the nervous twenty-something began to scan the items.
“You’ll come with me?” Tony’s voice sounded small, far off. Steve wasn’t in the state of mind to read into the request.
A shaky grin crossed Tony’s expression and he shook his head slowly, drawing in a breath which hitched with uneven and suppressed hiccups. “Know that w-we’re both fucked up?”
The medicines were a mess on the counter once he’d dumped the contents of the cart, pushing the items toward the cashier.
, Tony thought- other fluids that dripped across his face. Yeah, Tony remembered those days: his own eight-year-old self stumbling down into Howard's workshop with tears streaming down his face and begging for his father's comfort. He was met with a backhand and a bellowing, angry voice.
Steve swallowed a lump in his throat, shakily standing and lumbering clumsily, slowly, over to the man. He stopped when he could adequately face the other with nothing in the way, but no closer. Tony stood, like a broken and frightened wild animal- Steve knew that he would hate himself if he scared the gentle creature away.
The boy’s heavy tears began to wane as Tony took them upstairs, listening to the steady hum of the elevator. How little Peter had managed to get all the way into the basement, Tony didn’t even want to worry about at such a late hour. Instead, he focused on comforting Peter, rubbing a steady hand along his shuddering back. Of course, he couldn’t seem to get his itching mind off of the snot and spittle that was leaking its way through his shirt even despite his distress.
Tony practically leapt into his arms after Steve had burst through the door to the penthouse, clutching wildly at his large hands. Dark red rimmed his eyes and nose, swiping away wetness as it pooled under his eyes. His breaths came quickly, laboured and gasping as if to match the deafening screams that serenaded them. Just past him, Peter laid on the carpet, thrusting his fists into the hard ground as he sobbed.
Tony was one of those people- at least, he had thought. His behaviour had always been erratic and lively but also had carried with it the effects of alcohol on his system. The bags under his eyes would weigh down and shadow, he would try to hide the nausea that he experienced each morning. It was obvious to Steve that Tony was an alcoholic, in his mind. He had never been surprised to report that Tony had been acting dazed and sickly during missions or to see the tabloids reading of another wild party that Stark had attended.
“I’m serious,” Steve insisted quietly. He didn’t allow his mind to wander, no. He didn’t imagine the next time that something similar would happen. He didn’t recall the expressions of horror on Natasha and Bruce’s faces when Tony’s arc reactor had been shattered during combat once. He didn’t think about those things. He didn’t.
“Most people prefer it that way,” Tony pointed dully, breaking his sincere streak of confession by patting Steve’s cheek sarcastically and forcing a fake smile. “You’re not special. Y-you’ll figure it out the hard way if you stick around.”
He almost didn’t expect to see a mess of brunette hair among the white sheets and if his dreams hadn’t startled him, the sight of Tony laying next to him certainly did. But there he was, facing away from Steve- just like he’d been doing for decades now. Part of the man wished, longed to see the way that the white-yellow hue of the sunlight illuminated his face, if it brightened the deep purple beneath the brown eyes. The flyaways of his messy bedhead illuminated the space around him in a blurred halo. It seemed ironic, and yet suited him. If only he could reach out to lay them down, to feel them slip in-between his fingers like sand or water or… or…
“I still believe that I did the right thing in the end,” Steve continued hesitantly, trying not to notice the grimace that crossed Tony’s face for barely a millisecond. “I used to think that the ends justified the means; now I see that I was so wrong.” Steve could feel something in him slip, something inside of his head begin to pound at his forehead- it was a grief that he could not seem to satisfy, that he had pushed down for the years that he spent in Wakanda and that sprouted up like weeds between a cracked and aged mind. “So wrong. And that’s why I never expect you to forgive me.”
“No! I-I-“ Steve sputtered, arms thrown out suddenly to the side in an expression of shock. He didn’t even want to look into the floor-to-ceiling mirror beside them to see his horrified face. “Of course I’m not a virgin! I’m a grown man!”
“I feel like him- Gatsby. Reaching to the green light and when I finally have it within my reach-“ Steve stopped, thinking. “I realize it’s all already behind me.” There was a silence as Tony pondered a response.
“You’re so drunk, Tony,” Steve sighed hopelessly, feeling his shoulders physically sag with exhaustion. All he wanted was to sleep, to lay down and deal with Tony’s antics in the morning. It wasn’t like he hadn’t seen Tony in this state before- no, Tony was typically a mile higher than everyone else in a number of ways. It was only now, though, that he was learning the intent and chemicals behind it. “Come upstairs to bed.”
“I mean that my, uh, heart might start pumping my organs out of these stitches if this blood doesn’t-“ he cut himself off, huffing frustratedly.
An uncomfortable silence fell over the space between them. Of course it was uncomfortable- Steve expected that after the rift in the Avengers and their falling out, it was going to be awkward for a while. Steve couldn’t keep his wandering eyes from falling to Tony’s soft neck. The man swallowed hard, his Adam’s apple bobbing as a result. Steve inhaled sharply, snapping himself back to the present.
“You alright, Stark?” He managed, leaning forward to inspect the man’s face. He almost startled at the sight of the stitched face and bruises over Tony’s eyes- he’d almost forgotten that they were there.
“We’ll just park further away from the entrance, I guess,” Steve mumbled to himself. The engine purred to life as he turned the key in the ignition and, yes, he had to admit that the steady rumble of the vehicle was certainly satisfying. Tony seemed to think so too, leaning back and allowing himself to settle.
For what felt like three minutes, the room had completely frozen over. Steve would have pinched himself if not for the tension, just to ensure that he hadn’t fallen into the Pacific once again. Tony stood almost equally shocked, likely reflecting back the exact same image that Steve bore, his lips having confessed of his own accord. He only became aware of his body after the initial, fear-driven shock had rattled out of his bones, closing his lips which had been hanging open numbly.
Steve nodded in understanding, thinking nothing of the request. His eyes scanned the room, finding where he had thoughtlessly placed the paper bag by the elevator doors. He gathered the large pill bottle in his hand and crumpled the bag, discarding it into that black hole with the broken mug. He went to fill a cup, but was interrupted.
“If you must know, my health is in a relative decline due to the injuries we suffered today at the hands of our friendly neighbourhood sentient toaster.” Silence. “I’ll be fine enough to fight tomorrow so don’t worry your pretty blonde head.”
You’re going to be okay.” A silence and Steve grasped at Tony’s hand again, firm and solid. Then, again, Steve echoed, “you’re going to be okay,” because
Steve felt a prickle of anxiety begin to crawl up his spine. It had barely been two days since the accident- Tony couldn’t possibly throw in the towel. “Tony, no,” he responded, tone blunt and bordering on something harsher than he intended. “No, you’re going to do this.”
“Just ignore ‘em, alright? ’t’s just you and me.” Steve mumbled, his words a direct contradiction to the panic that pulled tight his vocal chords. “Just us. They can’t hurt us.”
“I told you to go away.” The voice was strangely, hauntingly calm- raw. Steve wondered if Tony had been crying again. Steve ignored the request.
“I didn’t know you,” he admitted, finally breaking his intense stare-down with the elevator doors as their ascent slowed, slowed, then stopped. Blue gaze met brown in the dull, fluorescent lighting. Then, the doors slid open and much of their space was filled with darkness, the light blurring with shadow on the smooth master suite floor. Somewhere, the ticking of a clock filled the empty air. In any other context, it would have been eerie; but now, it was just comfortable. It was right.
“Alright,” Steve replied softly. He rested his palm on Tony’s hip, smoothing his thumb over where the wrapping met the skin. Tony sighed and his head fell forward to rest against Steve’s chest. Steve’s other palm brushed over Tony’s cheek and Tony clasped it there. “How are you feeling now?” Steve prompted, shocking himself with the gentleness in his own voice.
Steve continued and they sat like that, cradling each other almost subconsciously and with no inhibitions, for what seemed like only moments. In reality, Steve felt his heart jump to realize that he had been rambling for around fifteen minutes, Tony clinging onto him and simply listening.
“-to talk him down. Tony… I don’t know what you dream about- but I’m guessing it’s why you don’t sleep.”
“You’ve been through so much worse,” Steve insisted, sucking in a sharp breath. “Tony, you’ve been through so much worse than this and made it out, please-“
“Heroin? Really?” Tony managed, his good hand going to clutch at his surely aching ribs. “You went straight to heroin? Jesus, Steve.”
“Oh, Jesus,” Steve hissed, blood draining from his cheeks. “I-I’m sorry, it was just s-so… spur-of-the-moment, I d-didn’t think, I-“
“W-where’s d-d-daddy?” Peter forced out, voice raw and scratchy. Steve paused, eyes searching the darkened room for a figure. It seemed that, during the whole process, Tony had left. Steve felt an overwhelming grief strike him and regretfully, even some irritation that Tony hadn’t cared to help. He knew it was wrong, but that didn’t stop the thought from entering his mind.
Once they had reached the vehicle, Steve didn’t have time to worry about their rain-soaked clothing seeping onto the leather seats. The single thought which consumed his mind was
No response came from the other side of the door. Steve pressed his ear closely to the wood, listening for sounds. Heavy breathing, sniffling. He knocked softly once again.
Steve angled his face downward once more as Tony bumped into him, swaying their bodies together comically. Once the smaller man had sensed the quiet in the space between them, he seemed to settle himself, mulling over the information in his own mind. He retracted from Steve to give the man comfortable distance. They remained this way for a few passing moments. Even though the space made Steve’s breaths come easier (why that was so, he wasn’t sure), he still felt some agitation stirring within him as he felt the tremors beginning to come back to Tony’s bones. The man was falling from a high, that was certain- and it bothered Steve to no end that he couldn’t do anything to help.
Steve sighed and shook his head, struggling to find any words that would be appropriate to say. Instead, he just looked reassuringly into Peter’s eyes, biting down on his lip in thought before he spoke. “Do… do you know that he loves you?”
It took a moment before realization seemed to set in and Steve wished that he knew how to operate a camera simply to capture the moment directly before Tony’s face flooded with newfound knowledge. He briefly wondered how often this look crossed the man’s face, the man who seemed to know everything. Somehow, that made it all the more valuable. He blinked hard once, then twice, then a smile lifted his bearded face.
“Then just try,” Steve prompted, reaching out to run his fingers through Tony’s unkempt hair who practically purred at the sensation.
“Goddamnit, Rogers,” he cursed, an almost seethingly hateful tone. “You can’t just say stuff like that to a lady.” Even in his hatred, his defensive humour and sarcasm remained.
Tony scoffed at that, balking out of Steve’s reach until his back hit the headboard. The fingers on his good hand combed anxiously through his wild hair. “It’s just a lot,” he admitted quietly, though his tone was guarded and shallow. The mood shift was sudden, brought on by only a few words- Steve felt confusion pool inside of him at the quickness that the man could split emotions. “I need space to think.” Something shattered inside Steve’s chest and he swallowed hard. Forced himself to nod.
Steve had the ability to sit with Peter until the meltdowns would stop. He would turn off the lights and sit next to the boy, speaking in low and comforting words. Tony, on the other hand, couldn’t handle it. When Peter was overwhelmed, Tony was overwhelmed- and this didn’t give them much to work with. Tony would pace back and forth, growing more and more anxious with each scream. Eventually, Steve would encourage Tony to leave the room- all he had been doing anyways included rambling angrily under his breath and scaring Peter even more. After a while, to Tony’s dismay, their strategy simply included Steve comforting Peter whilst Tony stayed as far away from them as possible.
“It’s easier to focus,” Steve offered, a quizzical expression donning his face as he looked up from his sketchpad, the smaller man coming into the full view of the lamp. “What can I help you with?”
“You’re burning up,” Steve insisted, placing his palm thoughtfully over the sweaty, warm forehead. He replaced it with the cloth despite the string of protests and complaints which followed.
“You know, you could, uh, keep those on.” Steve crossed his arms in front of his chest, fingers tapping manically on his forearms as if to distract him. Tony’s dick was literally just
“Iron man, iron man!” A young girl stumbled toward them and latched to Tony’s sleeve. Then, her face grew deadly serious and she murmured, “did the bad guys take out your heart?” A little finger pointed, pushed forward, and pressed itself into Tony’s chest.
Tony was apparently far too good for hoodies, so he had to settle for what Steve had to offer him of his own clothing. Of course, by the time that Steve had slung a ridiculously large bomber jacket over Tony’s shoulders, the casted arm was trapped beneath five layers of clothing and the complaints had begun.
A moment passed before Steve finally rose from his seat, reaching to retrieve the incased game of chess. The cardboard box it was held in was ripped at the edges and worn while the pieces inside weren’t too much to look at either. Once he’d returned to his seat, he gently and slowly pushed aside the bedsheets in front of Tony and set the board down, beginning to place the pieces in their appropriate spots. The white rook was missing, so he had to substitute a cotton ball instead.
Steve propped himself up on one elbow, tracing Tony’s unmoving expression. The reactor cast a feeble light onto the dips and contours of his face and he stared down at it, listening to it hum. Hesitant fingers trailed down to the hem of his shirt and, shockingly, Tony allowed for him to lift the material though his muscles remained taut and pulled tight defensively, ready to slap Steve away.
“What do you mean?” Steve prompted. Quite honestly, he prepared for the worst- for Tony to pull away and stalk off to bed.
“Daddy’s not going anywhere, okay? Daddy loves you,” Tony mumbled out various strings of affections, sniffing. The next morning, Steve had told him that he had been harder to console than Peter had been.
Steve’s lips pressed together as if to keep the words in. “Well, I’d rather you did so that we can avoid that
“All the time.” There was a quiet, mournful rest for a moment. “Don’t go pitying me. I don’t need your sympathy.” His words were suddenly pulled taut, a defensive barrier. It was so easily erected that Steve didn’t have to ask to know that Tony was used to this.
He was certainly unhappy with the sleeping situation, but not to the extent that Tony was. The other had been clearly displeased, silent unless prompted which did nothing to stifle Steve’s strange attraction to his oddities. There was a stubborn tension in the space between their bodies, the inches apart between their spines. Silence- besides the
Unfortunately, the moment passed nearly as quickly as it had come. Once his skin became red hot under his grasp and immediately unbearable in its oversensitivity, he dropped his hand away and sniffed halfheartedly, scrunching his nose at the sight of white streaks over the red shower curtains. He splashed water over the marks until they were mostly faded and finished his work quickly, struggling to push his momentary fantasy from his mind. It was just a fantasy. Just a thought.
heart palpitations. Despite the affirming gesture, Tony still remained unsure, not taking any motion to actually
“All fine, Cap!” Came the shaky response, higher pitched. Panicked. “Some, uh, stitching came loose but, uh, I-I’m fine-“
Tony’s chest heaved with a steady breath, scars catching in the light. Steve wanted to flinch, to look away from what had once hurt the other so badly. The worst was the not knowing. Not knowing. How many times had Tony nearly died? Why not, for once, could it be Steve? Could it be anyone else? A twisting sensation began in Steve’s throat, tight and heavy. He swallowed hard, an overwhelming, sorrowful thankfulness. Thank God. Thank
“Y’see, doubting Thomas? Have you had enough now?” The words were enough to make Steve visibly flinch. They were hurt. They were pained.
Instead, he was met with complete and utter silence. Of course, he knew that most of the Avengers that inhabited the tower would be out on mission or whatnot- Steve hadn’t checked his phone for anything, so he assumed that if anything had come up, they’d gone without him. He was grateful when a voice broke the silence.
Tony continued to face forward, staring emptily out the window. His shaking had died down if only slightly and his shoulders had come down from his ears, a still silhouette against the morning light. He shrugged in response. Then there was nothing. There was more heavy, heavy silence.
“J-Jarvis? Can you black out the windows?” Tony asked, his usual, confident voice now laced with question rather than authoritarianism.
“Hey, what’s going on?” He rasped, voice thick with sleep. His eyes drifted from his son’s trembling form to Tony, a questioning expression on his face.
Steve paused, then began to move backward to rest by Tony’s head. He lifted the sheets, draping them over the smaller man’s shoulders- because Tony was sick. If Tony weren’t sick, he wouldn’t have rubbed a warming hand over the shivering man’s shoulder. He wouldn’t have. Steve could feel the body trembling as Tony pressed against his leg.
The elevator doors moved in complete silence, shutting them in and beginning the ascent. Steve’s heart dropped, then skipped a beat, then allowed him to nod. “Yes.”
For the second time in twelve hours, Steve allowed his shaking knees to take him to the light switch.
“No,” Steve allowed, still facing Tony’s form. “But Bucky, my best friend, was. The fight was over for a while, sure, but not for him.” Silence.
Tony’s eyes opened slowly, an expression of shame clouding his face. He sniffed, clasping Peter’s hands in his own. “Hey, sweetheart.” He mumbled lowly, forcing a thin smile.
Peter took after Steve in the best ways. Somehow, even if Peter was adopted and wasn’t at all biologically related to either of them, he still smiled with the same cheerful eyes and grin that Steve had passed to him. Tony saw Steve in every good thing that Peter did; the way that he threw his head back when he laughed too hard, the way that he read as he waited patiently for Tony to finish his work, the gentle touch that he used to pick up a baby bird that had fallen from its nest at the park. Steve had rubbed off on their son only in the best of ways.
“I know,” Steve settled for saying, struggling to keep his tone even. “I… I just didn’t know what to say.”
Peter’s lower lip began to tremble again and his eyes welled with tears. As Steve felt a rush of panic course through him, worrying about another impending meltdown, Peter instead said, “I wanna see daddy,” voice tearful and quiet.
“I wouldn’t have known what to say because I’m just… I’m so sorry.” Steve settled for saying, not raising his gaze. “You were the one who tried to keep everything together, who tried to stop the chaos before it all went to shit. I can’t blame you for what’s happened as a result.”
“… we will have some paperwork for you to fill out in a while. For now, make yourself comfortable. We should be able to release him by 8 AM.”
Steve continued to work at the task at hand, forcing himself not to think too deeply into the question. Clearly, Tony was referring to their dispute. Steve tried not to read into it; however, it was almost impossible not to sense the hurt in Tony’s voice. Steve had chosen Bucky- and now he was here acting as if he cared so deeply for Tony? It caused an uncomfortable welling in his chest which he simply didn’t have the energy to entertain. Why didn’t he come back? So many answers, so many.
“Who’s the lady? You never told me you had a girlfriend.” The tone was teasing, but something inside the words was cut with an edge- for what reason, Steve didn’t know.
Steve sat down on the bed- because Tony was sick. If Tony weren’t sick, he would have left. He would have. Tony seemed contented with the decision and released him, shuffling until he lay writhing uncomfortably on the duvet.
“But I… Tony, I mean it.” Steve insisted, his tone cracking on the last syllables. He followed Tony’s movements, sitting up and pushing closer. Tony flinched under the touch of his hand. “I… I’m smitten, Tony- and that’s not pity.”
“Stop!” Tony interrupted, getting to his feet in a less-than-graceful fashion. He tripped over his right foot, struggling not to let the wince on his face show. “I-I don’t want you here! You wanted to know why I called you last night? Because you were the only one who hasn’t seen me fucked up so bad that y-you change your goddamn cellphone number and move states.” Tony’s raw, hoarse voice echoed off of the expansive walls until the sound died out, leaving a chilling and cold silence. “So… so you can go now.” Tony swallowed hard, throat straining at the movement. He turned away from Steve, still clinging onto Steve’s jacket around his shoulders. “You’ve served your purpose and you can go home f-feeling good about yourself. You’ve done your good samaritan act for the day, spandex.”
“Steve,” Tony called and the man probably wouldn’t have heard the weak, raspy voice if not for his super hearing. He was at Tony’s side in a moment, looking down at the frail form. Tony had clearly gone into a feverish descent, though from what Steve didn’t know. His brow had broke out in a sweat, eyes blinking far too quickly. Steve knew that it killed the other to let himself be seen in such a state. However, he had hid it well up until such a point. “I-I… I need you to get me, um-“ he broke off, chewing his lip thoughtfully.
Quite honestly, it would be the first time that he had showered in quite a while. He had full intention to clean up until he received the distressing phone call and simply had been too preoccupied to do so. Finally, it felt like. Finally he could roll his shoulders away from his ears- stretch this way and that until the sore muscles eased beneath the warmth. His eyes fell closed, at first in an expression of relaxation, until he realized that the heat had done nothing to calm his racing hormones. When he looked down to his feet, his dick was just
“Okay, well, this will have to be a first, then,” Steve insisted, gesturing to the empty bed. Tony released a frustrated sigh, doing his best to crawl to the pillows and slip beneath the deep red, fluffy covers. “You alright now?”
Tony clearly wouldn’t make a move toward Steve, only an expression of clouded shame masking his expression. The tears flooded there, glossing over his reddened eyes though he made no movement. Steve stepped forward hesitantly and clasped their hands together- or, at least, Tony’s free hand. There was a silence. Tony’s face fell and he allowed his forehead to rest on Steve’s broad chest. His shoulders shook.
“Because I care about you.” Steve finally settled with, swallowing hard in order to fight back the lump in his throat as it threatened to well over into his words.
Steve wondered, at the back of his mind, just how many people had seen Tony in such a state- let alone that he had already seen a small breakdown the previous night. Pepper, Rhodey, possibly Bruce- and then Steve. It was a very different person, maybe partially due to the fever or the drugs (or lack thereof), but not in a bad way. In a more vulnerable, somehow stronger way.
“Why, then?” He challenged, voice hushed despite the staggering amount of malice within it. “Why didn’t you tell me that he was in pain?”
The room, their bodies, even their breath stilled for a moment. For once, Steve didn’t calculate his next move intently. It was just fluid, natural, the way that he smiled softly, sadly, and reached through the dim lighting that the light in Tony’s chest cast. He cupped his hand around the other’s jaw, thumb resting just below his lip and fingertips pressing gently on the coarse hair just below his temple.
Steve began with washing Tony’s hair, gently soaping the strands and rinsing the bubbles into the tub. Throughout, Tony remained completely silent, seeming to be completely lost in his thoughts. Steve thought nothing of it- one would have to be stupid not to know that Tony was clearly under the influence of
next to someone. Of course, he’d experienced something similar during the war- but never something as peaceful as this. The morning light had filtered through the floor-to-ceiling windows and Steve had no idea how he’d managed to sleep despite the lack of darkness. The waking was strangely peaceful, simply blinking his eyes open and gazing at a hazy ceiling fan as it whirred around and around. It, strangely, was not caused by a jolt or an unpleasant sensation crawling over his chest, dark, dark and
The drive to the hospital was quiet. Steve would have expected that his thoughts would have been racing, but he was met with radio silence. Somewhere in that blurry black haze, he could recognize simple questions popping into his conscious mind; things like
“I… I don’t think so. I-I think-“ Steve cleared his throat in discomfort. If he hadn’t already pictured this happening a hundred times before, he might assume that his heart would explode all along his ribcage. It fluttered there, alive and so, so afraid. “I think… it’s complicated.”
“Daddy probably just went to lie down for a bit,” Steve assumed, knowing that it was a lie. Tony was likely curled up somewhere, shuddering as he was caught in a panic attack. Despite knowing this, Steve couldn’t bring himself to look for Tony for fear of upsetting Peter again.
“Tony, really,” Steve insisted, meeting his gaze. “I have shoes on, at least- and I don’t trust you to stand right now, to be honest.” The larger man gave him a once over, sucking in a deep breath. “Uh, okay, this might hurt a bit.” He gently turned Tony toward him and slid one arm beneath him, the other going to support his back. He lifted the man with ease, not without a small noise of protest from Tony and his broken ribs. “Sorry, sorry,” Steve muttered quickly, side-stepping back over the shrapnel and taking Tony to the couch, setting him down with all the care that he possibly could manage. Even so, Tony groaned in pain. “It didn’t get you? The glass, I mean.”
Steve scoffed to himself, a smirk tugging at his lips as he read into Jarvis’ words and almost heard a note of irritation. He knew that he was likely imposing his own emotions onto the AI, since it was only an AI, but it struck him as funny nonetheless. “What about him? Do you monitor him just as closely?”
“Rogers, I-I swear to God, I’m trying so hard to h-hold it together right now and if you fuck that up-“ Tony’s voice was shrill, quivering. The defence was back up- but Steve knew that the foundation was slowly diminishing.
Steve stiffened immediately at the soft, unfamiliar tone of the woman’s voice. He swung his legs over the side of the bed, brow deepening in a frown. “Yes, this is Steve. What can I do for you?”
left me to die- so don’t you dare lecture me on trust.” Tony stumbled to his feet in a flailing and almost painful show of clumsiness, stalking back from the couch. He tripped over a table leg and cursed loudly, clapping his hands twice. A set of lamps beside another couch flickered on, allowing for a very dim flood of light to illuminate the room. “You’re sick, Rogers. Do you just wait for people to open up and then you feed, hm? I can’t believe you have the nerve to ask me to trust you.” If Tony had full control over his casted limb at such a point, Steve would have expected that he would have balled his fists and shoved them into his pockets. Instead, the poor, moody man was forced to only push one palm into his pocket, hanging his head low and stalking toward the elevator. His bare feet scuffled at the floor.
But all be damned, if Steve himself couldn’t understand Tony, he couldn’t expect a being who thought in ones and zeros to comprehend the true nature of pain; the pain that lay within the mind.
Steve’s mouth remained slightly parted, willing even a whisper to come from between his lips. Instead, he was met with only dry air on his tongue, air that was suddenly far too thick for his lungs to adjust to adequately. He abruptly felt like an asthmatic teen again, pursing his mouth around a puffer during gym class. “Do…” he began uncertainly, a hot and uncomfortable tightness welling in his chest and throat. “Do you think that’s why I came? B-because I… I felt bad for you?”
just how Tony managed to slip out of bed, what with Steve being the lightest sleeper known to man. After all, he did have ears that could hear a damned sneeze from ten floors up. Even with his keen hearing, he needed far less sleep than the average man and wouldn’t have assumed that he would sleep all throughout the day. Instead, he was roused by a guttural sound from the next room after seven hours of deep sleep.
Once the room had been pitched into darkness, Steve lowered himself to the ground and crawled over to Peter, situating himself there. His hand reached for Peter’s flailing one, clasping it in his warm grip. Peter reacted immediately, pulling his little fingers away and continuing to bawl. Steve sighed, beginning to shush Peter gently. These attacks were near impossible to mitigate at times and required only patience. He sat quietly next to his son in the dark, murmuring low and quiet assurances.
Steve felt his jaw lock and almost in absence of his will, he felt himself begin to move toward the man. he fixed his arms on both Tony’s shoulders and spun him around, crouching to stare him dead in the eyes. An expression of fear, then that shock was easily masked by a cheesy Cheshire grin that was slightly too off kilter to convince.
Steve swallowed down a persistent knot in his throat and he slung an arm around Tony’s shoulder, urging him to keep his head down. “We need to go,” Steve muttered, pacing quickly in the opposite direction of the crowd that had begun to form. Tony stumbled over his own feet in order to keep pace with the larger man, curling his own hand into Steve’s jacket to keep himself steady.
A chuckle. A small, pitiful sniff. Tony dragged an arm over his face, hunched over and faced away still from Steve.
It took a moment for the words to compute. Kitchen = first aid kit, kitchen = downstairs, Tony = injured, Steve = carry Tony downstairs.
“What? Baby, no,” Tony interrupted, a concerned look crossing his face. He propped himself up on one elbow. “No, honey, you never have to be sorry, I’m the one that needs to be sorry. I-I should have been… better.” Tony’s weak smile began to fade as he struggled to hold back emotion.
He laid Tony on the couch, withdrawing his eyes so that he wouldn’t see the painful wince. “I’m gonna get the kit, alright? Is that okay? Where is it?”
He leaned in, taking in more. Tony was like that. Steve figured that he could keep leaning, keep dancing, and it would still not be enough. He was in a desert and Tony was water. He couldn’t help but yearn for more and more suddenly. It was as if his whole life had been lived without water.
“No, I…” Steve began helplessly. “I just… I don’t know what to say. I didn’t know. I-I wish I’d known, Tony.”
Steve helped Tony to stand up and dry off, waiting for Tony to pull his boxers back on before he allowed himself to properly look at Tony.
And, “yes, yes,” he chanted under his breath because of course the answer was yes. Of course, of course. The thin lips took in his length again, ensuring that Steve was watching completely before he swallowed Steve down whole and that was nearly enough to make him lose himself in that one moment. All that it took was a few more manic and erratic jerks before he spilled over his hand, arching up against the tile. “Oh, God, Tony,” he breathed heavily, panting desperately as he writhed up against the wall.
Steve felt his heart leap into his throat at the offer and he tensed, unconsciously tightening his fists at his sides. He looked down to his shoes on the clean, clean floor, scuffling there slightly in thought. Tony didn’t want it to be weird but it was. No, it wasn’t weird, was it? It was just Tony. Just Tony.
“You have to read between the lines, Cap. Do you think that he just went out for coffee with that guy he took home after Tom and Myrtle’s party? The elevator scene is full of phallic innuendo.” Tony said, nudging the man’s side. “Though I’m sure your prude ass would love to ignore all of
“Why, then?” Tony’s fingers clenched and unclenched randomly on Steve’s thigh, as if struggling to find something to hold him steady. Steve filled it with his own hand, fingers interlocking- because Tony was sick. If he weren't sick, Steve wouldn’t have rubbed the pad of his thumb soothingly over the back of Tony’s palm in easy and calming strokes. He wouldn’t have.
As if by magic, water spouted from the large tap and began to fall down into the bathtub in a ridiculous, overdramatic waterfall that could only be expected of in Tony Stark’s bathroom. The man looked pleased with himself, smirking slightly before quirking and eyebrow and turning on his heel.
“No more playboy,” Tony offered, feigned amusement a sorry attempt to pass the situation off, “no more suntanning.” A crack. A break in his voice.
Tony was comatose still for a moment, eyes staring intently down at his bare feet. His bottom lip slid in-between his teeth, chewing intently as if he could stave off some pain with another. He nodded in response. Steve felt his heart sink down somewhere in his gut.
The meltdowns were clearly not tantrums; no, Peter didn’t want attention or candy or toys. He just cried and cried, slamming the door to his room or pushing his way into a corner or under a table. He would throw himself on the ground with so little awareness that he would wake up with bruised knees and elbows- he would bang his head against the wall until he had a large bump on his forehead. At first, Steve and Tony turned to their teammates whose immediate advice was to give Peter tough love and such. However, when they would witness the meltdowns firsthand, they insisted that something else was wrong.
“What… what was that?” Tony breathed, swallowing hard. His throat strained and bobbed. Steve wanted to kiss it.
“Tony, stop.” Steve’s voice interrupted him and he turned to face the smaller head on, seatbelt unclipped and disregarded in his conviction. Most of Tonys face was reddened and hidden by the shadow that the hood cast over him, but Steve’s eyes were caught on the stubbly skin just below his jawline, the way that he swallowed hard and his lower lip wobbled in a feeble attempt to hide his vulnerability. Gentle lips. Steve just wanted to touch them, to shut him up for once. He didn’t have the patience to entertain what that desire meant. “You deserve me just as much as anyone else does- no, more. You… you know what you don’t deserve?” He paused for emphasis, gaze trained on Tony’s wavering expression. “This. You don’t deserve to-to feel like this and you
His head hit the smooth tile wall, exhaling a deep breath through his slightly parted lips. A flexible man his age, dark in complexion or in features and kneeling on the shower floor, lips wrapped hotly and wetly over Steve’s pulsing length. In his mind’s eye, he watched this imagined figure as his head bobbed up and down, wide-eyed and staring upward to hold Steve’s steady gaze. The imagined man rested his palms on Steve’s thighs, caressing and squeezing until they reached around to the curve of Steve’s ass, pulling closer, and Steve bucked forward into his own hand. The mouth pulled off, licking a hot stripe along the bottom of the length.
Tony’s eyes were open, staring into nothingness. For a moment, Steve’s blood chilled. The deep cut in his eyebrow was inflamed and red, stitches only more angry due to the blossoming purple and black bruises around the bones there. A white tube was draped over his ear, curling over his still face and disappearing into his nose. Finally, a blink. Steve released a breath that he didn’t know he had been holding.
Of course drinking problems were serious; of course they were. It was simply that Steve had heard more about it than any other illness he had come to know. He had known many people who had depended a bit too heavily on their liqueurs and would crack open a bit more than a cold one at the end of the day. In his time, he was used to hearing about alcoholism- hell, he was shocked to hear how taboo drunk driving had become while he’d been in the ice.
He would have simply asked Jarvis where Tony was instead of going up to the penthouse, then down to the kitchen, then to the main lobby floor, then down to the workshop finally, but he had decided that he had done enough talking to the omniscient voice for the day. Maybe Tony could grow used to a set of all-seeing eyes on the back of his neck but Steve balked at the idea. He couldn’t trust something like that, something made by an impulsive and disordered maker. Tony may have been a genius, but he was a manic genius; he was dangerous.
He hadn’t been drunk since before the serum, back when he'd begged and begged Bucky to drag him along to a party he’d never received an invitation for. Three drinks in and he’d been done for, clinging to Bucky’s dress shirt and blubbering about some girl who’d dumped him years before. It was the last party Bucky had taken him to back then. Steve had never been… the “good” kind of drunk- but he imagined it felt like this.
“… good, good.” Tony’s voice. Not mom. Tony. Just Tony. Living and breathing. “See? All good. N-now just…” he reached toward the kit fumbling. Steve’s mind slowly began to defrost. He finished the movement, grasping a roll of bandage and pressing the gauze down securely. He eased Tony up to a seated position, not without its groans and mutters, wrapped, wrapped, fastened.
There was a still moment, one in which Tony stopped his struggling and seemed to just listen, allowing his ear to press to Steve’s chest. He panted, exhausted and worn out. Since it seemed to have some effect, Steve continued.
He could almost imagine Tony in there, lounging about, doing something Tony-like such as discussing innovative, new ideas and thoughts with his AI. He’d mentioned that Fitzgerald was toilet reading; maybe rocket science was his in-shower entertainment. Steve began to undress and the image continued to play out in his mind; of Tony soaping his hair with his lithe, toned arms extended up and toward the ceiling. He fabricated an image of Tony leaning over to reach a fallen bottle of conditioner. He looked into the mirror to see a bad case of morning wood. He scoffed at his overwhelming human-ness.
“You know, just…” Tony paused, searching for the right words. “I know what it’s like to want to go back to when shit was easier. ‘You can’t repeat the past.’” Tony smirked at the reference.
“‘Can’t repeat the past? Why of course you can!’” Steve’s face lit up, the literary quote springing from his lips. “I didn’t know you liked to read.”
It was almost too simple to dismiss these wonderings and instead focus on the steady sputtering of his motorbike engine as he veered onto a back-end road. He was at least glad that some things about New York City never had changed.
When Tony began to heave heavy breaths and tire out, Steve allowed for one hand to rest down on the small of his back.
And of course, that was the ultimate last-thing that Steve had expected to hear over the static. He barely heard his own lips form some words of recognition as he got to his feet, hurriedly stumbling into his beat-up lace boots. He was slighted to notice that his fingers were trembling as he tied the loops.
“I’d go with something that has some acetaminophen or ibuprofen in it. I’ll just take you over here to get something…” The young teen gestured for the two to follow her and began to rifle among the shelves, chattering away and filling Steve’s shopping basket with multiple items. She laid a bottle of syrup in the hand basket before excusing herself, promising that she would be back as soon as possible. Steve watched as she disappeared behind the counter and began to type something into the computer, hopefully searching for a medication that would clear away the sickness, or at least help.
he didn’t want to think about Tony pushing trays of food away and kicking at doctors while they threaded the thin tube into his stomach.
“An ambulance was called to the scene of a crash where Mr. Stark was found. The impact was caused by his own motor vehicle colliding with a barricade at a high speed- we don’t know exactly how high yet, but estimate that it would have been at least 60 miles per hour. For the most part, he has sustained treatable injuries. A nasogastric tube was forcibly inserted for feeding purposes due to his refusal to eat. The left arm is broken in two places and lacerations needed stitching on his face and abdomen. Two ribs are broken in the right side. We have been keeping him on opioids for pain relief and he seems relatively unresponsive due to… well, we don’t know. We hoped a familiar face would help to set him at ease.”
Steve simply didn’t have the energy to wash the other up completely. He made the man rinse his mouth, then took him to bed with a trashcan beneath his right arm. The shaking didn’t stop. Steve feared that it would never stop.
Peter took after Tony in the worst ways. It was around 2 AM on a Wednesday night that Peter had scared the shit out of Tony, bursting into his workshop with no lack of dramatics. His face was puffy and red, streaked with hot, salty tears. Tony had hissed out some choice words in shock, puffing out a relieved breath when he realized it was simply Peter and not rugged captors or frost giants. No, it was just a pitifully-sniffling five-year-old, clad in his Captain America onesie that was growing too small on him (but that he was too stubborn to
“Daddy, don’t cry,” Peter sniffled, prying away Tony’s hands and beginning to smear his hands across Tony’s face to clear away the tears. “W-why are you crying, daddy?”
a broom on the entire floor of the tower. Of course, he should have expected Tony to have some fancy disposal. He dropped the shards into what looked to be a garbage can only to see them disappear from sight into what he could only assume was some sort of black hole that led into the vacuum of space and spat out the ceramic somewhere near Jupiter, knowing Tony.
If there was one thing that the man did not expect, it was the sheer wave of emotion which capsized at the robotic voice, practically bristling with irritation. ‘The greater good?’ ‘His service to the team?’ Steve knew that it was completely irrational to become angry at a damn
“How can you even say that? You don’t even know me.” It seemed like words that should be screamed, words that should be aimed at him like a repulser. They were quiet- and it was worse.
“Daddy?” Peter echoed again, that lip starting to wobble with emotion again. “I-I’m sorry, daddy. I’m really sorry for-“
“Okay, okay,” Steve huffed, looping an arm under Tony’s legs and back. “This was common knowledge when I was a soldier,” Steve rambled, giving himself something to focus on other than blood, blood,
Steve felt something in his chest wrench and he patted at his own pocket, though he knew that he didn’t have the medication that Tony’s body so demanded. All that he could offer was touch; he didn’t seem to think anything of it in the context of his hammering heart. “I don’t, Tony, I’m sorry.” A pitiful whimper escaped the man and Steve winced, rubbing his hands over Tonys forearms. “It’s okay, it’s okay- we’ll buy this stuff and get out of here.”
Tony pursed his lips in a disappointed expression, crossing his own arms over his chest- just below where the arc reactor glowed- in a mirror image of Steve. “C’mon, stripes, are you pulling my leg?”
“Wow, Cap, years in the war and you can’t sleep because of a little hum?” Tony shot back, a heavy sigh escaping from him. What followed was more uncomfortable silence.
“Nah,” Steve responded, allowing for the corner of his lip to lift in amusement. “It’s just a lady I knew back in the day.” The woman didn’t have all of the life that she used to with only the bones of the sketch laid firm. He had the shape of the face, the eyes, the way that the nose peaked up just slightly at the end. Now, he added the shadows beneath her youthful face. “I, uh… I draw things from back then. I didn’t have any pictures when I woke up so it’ll never look just right but… I can try.”
it to stay there. Instead, Tony’s palm settled over his shoulder. “I’m all in, alright? Or I-I’ll try. I’ll try.” He repeated the words like a mantra, as if convincing himself. His index finger tapped morse code on Steve’s sleeve, a nervous tick. They smoothed over the t-shirt material there, then slipped over his collar. The skin-to-skin contact sent a jolt through Steve’s spine.
“I-I’m taking this,” he insisted and Steve sighed once he saw that Tony had wrapped a fluffy blue blanket around his shoulders. Even with the blanket, the smaller man shivered and Steve didn’t even want to imagine how much worse Tony’s fever would become once they had stepped out into the raining New York streets. Unfortunately, the lack of medicine in the tower left little choice.
“Stay,” the smaller begged, clinging to his arm with what little strength he could muster. “I can’t… c-can’t be alone, Steve,” he mumbled almost incoherently. Steve wondered idly how much it pained Tony to let anyone see him in such a way.
like a flesh wound or a burn. It hurt- and Steve could tell. “B-because I can’t tell if I want it or if I want to get better or-“
“Petey, it’s okay,” Tony responded, scooping up the smaller body and pulling him close. “Let’s go find daddy, alright?”
Both Tony and Steve whirled around at the sweet, small voice, and the smaller man even startled a bit, hand clutching to his chest almost protectively. A young, blonde woman clasped her hands behind her back and flashed a grin, wrinkled uniform pulling tight over her arms.
“Yes, Tony, but I don’t make a big deal out of it, alright? So let’s keep it on the down low.” Steve stressed, gesturing in front of him as if in a calming movement. The giddy expression on Tony’s face faded from manic and Steve allowed for himself to return it.
“Tony,” Steve chuckled, a smile tugging at his lips. Tony’s eyes blinked open in surprise at the sudden change in mood, frowning. “You’re being ridiculous. It’s fine.” He shook himself free of Tony’s hold.
Once the elevator slowed to a stop, Peter practically leapt from Tony’s arms, squeezing through the doors and sprinting through the hallway to a large bed. Just as it seemed he was calming down, he immediately began to sob again once he laid eyes on his other father. He flung himself onto the duvet, crawling over to the sleeping mound. Steve’s sleepy frown was even visible in the dark, growing into a deeper look of concern as he gently roused and allowed Peter to crawl onto his lap. The boy clung white-knuckled to Steve’s t-shirt, rubbing his face all over Steve this time. Tony winced, obviously knowing that Steve couldn’t have cared less, but still feeling a small sickness in his stomach at the thought.
“That… that I’m a virgin?” Steve continued incredulously. He nearly bristled when Tony simply shrugged as a reply. “What-? W-why would anyone-“
The bed was still warm there where Tony had laid. Steve ran his hand along the space there, simply breathing. Still here.
“You’re not supposed to drink with that medication and-“ Steve broke off, slapping a hand to his forehead frustratedly. “God, Tony! Could you at least act like you cared? I don’t have the energy for this.” It was true. No matter how Steve wanted to help, Tony was clearly in no state or mood to be receptive.
Steve felt his muscles grow taught at the sudden words and his stubborn gaze remained trained on the board as if to guard him from the oncoming confession. He didn’t want to hear it, in a selfish way. He didn’t want to hear the pain behind the stripped voice.
Steve briefly considered leaning in, pressing their bodies together just to see what the result would be. It was almost as if Tony’s familiar aroma intoxicated him and though it remained a tempting gesture, he still felt an uneasy prickle where Tony had touched just above his collarbone. Steve flinched away. Tony cleared his throat.
“Hey, uh… I’m sure you don’t want to hear this but you know, we really value you as an asset to the team and everyone will be more than happy to know that you’re safe-“
“You don’t,” Tony countered bitterly. “So far as I know, our beloved patriot was never a tortured POW.”
Tony’s good hand, the one that wasn’t cradled at his side, reached tentatively out and pushed a pawn forward. Steve couldn’t hold back a small smile that tugged at the corner of his lip.
“You know, I don’t just care because I have to.” Steve’s tone was firm, though Tony could sense a hesitant resistance in his words. “Does it… does it hurt?”
After ten minutes, Peter had cried himself out and clambered exhausted into Steve’s lap. Steve held the small frame firmly, careful not to overwhelm him again with too many sensations. Of course, his mind swam just like Tony’s. What if there was something else wrong? Was Peter autistic? Was he dysfunctional? Despite his thoughts, he was able to calm himself enough that he could deal with the situation at hand. He scooped up the sniffling, hiccupping boy and paced to the sink, sitting Peter on the counter as he filled a plastic cup with water. Peter obediently sipped from it, despite that his wracking chest made swallowing difficult.
“C-congratulations, you have eyes!” Tony’s tone became suddenly harsh, shrill with panic. “Is now a good time to let you know that I have a bum ticker? Get to it!”
“I-I can’t, Steve, I can’t.” The voice was broken, thin. It would be so easy to give up- Steve knew not by experience but by the simple dread in the other’s words.
The man swallowed down the pills dry, only drinking when Steve began to pester him about hydration. The food was already going to be a lost cause, Steve realized, and settled for making Tony rest instead. There was a whine when Steve pressed the cloth to his face.
A laugh came from Tony, his eyes lighting up with a sad sort of humour. He threw his head back, chuckling briefly before he maintained himself, ruffling a hand through his wet hair. The outburst was genuine, that smile that few ever saw from Tony stark; the kind where a grin was pulled across his rugged face and his eyes wrinkled at the corners. Somewhere in there, though, there was deep pity- for Steve or for himself, he didn’t know.
Steve feels the urge to visit Tony’s grave. On most days, he manages to keep it under control, but something about today is really bothersome, and he can’t help but give in. He arrives at the church in record time, and it doesn’t take him longer than a minute to find the place where he is buried, right beside Ana and Edwin Jarvis, possibly the only people apart from his mother who truly cared for him as a child.
Tony let out a loud gasp as he felt Steve suck a bruise on his shoulder. The alpha’s hands were big against his chest, and smooth, and skillful in their massaging. Tony felt high, there was no other way he could describe what he was feeling, and it was beautiful. Steve flipped him over once again and began to suck on his nipples while his hands went toward his butt, massaging them. Tony lost himself in enjoying the feel of those hands on his glutes, before his brain snapped into action, realizing that Tony was supposed to be controlling today’s activities, not Steve.
, 2025, at the Avengers Tower, right where the Iron Man suit would assemble. The wedding was attended by close friends and family. Pepper had practically bullied Tony into letting her officiate the wedding.
Tony rolled his hips and squeezed around Steve’s dick, making the alpha moan. “You like that, huh?” he smirked, peppering kisses along his neck.
“Uh huh, then why don’t you change into something decent for him?” a snap of fingers, and Steve finds himself dressed in his tuxedo from the wedding day.
Tony went back to fucking Steve’s mouth. It had been over a decade since he’d topped while having sex with someone, and was glad to know he still had the moves, going by the was Steve was moaning around him. He gave a hard thrust, and felt Steve’s tongue against his slit. A shudder ran down his legs and he had to fight to maintain his balance.
“Do you honestly believe either of us deserves to be in his presence?” Steve’s voice was calm, but just as scathing, just as derisive, “We aren’t his friends, never were. We tried, and failed spectacularly. We never gave him a chance, Natasha, I never gave him a chance. He didn’t ask for help with the whole Mandarin thing, he couldn’t trust us with Ultron, he couldn’t trust me enough to give me a call on that stupid phone; all because I never gave him a reason to trust the Avengers; I never trusted him. He only ever trusted Bruce, because he was a friend to him. I don’t know if Bruce would have agreed with the Accords if he’d been around, but he sure as hell wouldn’t have let Siberia happen.”
“I still give the orders, or did you forget, alpha?” Tony growled, and it was a challenge, the way he said ‘alpha’, just like a taunt, and Steve had a moment where he wanted to show his omega just exactly who was in command, but there was also a part of him that actually liked what the omega was doing to him. It was fun, not being in control for a change.
“Alpha, you feel so good inside me.” the omega moaned, “So big, so hard. You always know what I like, what I need.”
Seeing Tony use the stones, Steve could only question himself why he wasn’t there in his place. Mere hours ago, Tony had asked if he trusted him, and he had finally, after years, been the friend Tony deserved, and now even that was going to be ripped away from him.
“You know…” Tony began, voice no more than a low whisper, something sure to send a bolt of pleasure straight to the alpha’s cock. His hands trailed around to grab Steve’s pecs, massaging them, and thoroughly, making the alpha give a low moan, “eventually, when you put your baby inside me…” he pinched his already sore nipples, causing the alpha’s breath to hitch, “my boobs are gonna get bigger, you know that, don’t you, alpha?” Another nip at the earlobe.
Tony whined when he felt his hole being stretched out once again by his alpha’s thumbs, and then he was being broached by his warm, wet tongue. “Alpha!” he cried out as Steve went deeper and deeper. It had been way too long since their last time and Tony had really missed feeling this way. Steve’s time in DC had been hard for both of them, but none of that mattered now; all that mattered was that they were together, having the time of their life.
“I’ve been waiting since Christmas, and it’s your birthday today. If I have to wait any longer I might just strangle you.” Tony complained. He was about to say something more but let out a whine when Steve’s hand landed on his ass, hard, hard enough to sting, hard enough to get his ass leaking more slick.
Tony, who was already pretty much helpless at his alpha’s ministrations, couldn’t do much besides shudder in anticipation for what was to come…well, besides him. His ass was already sore from all the spanking he’s gotten, and it felt so great, he couldn’t put it into words. He found himself whining when Steve stopped rimming him, hole clenching up in a futile attempt to hold on to the retreating thumbs.
“And I love you.” Steve kissed Tony once again, this time a little hungry. He didn’t stop until Tony needed to breathe, then laid him down on his back. Tony was quick to hold out his arms for his alpha, who went into the embrace beaming happily. While it was romantic, it turned erotic within moments, with Steve eagerly nipping at Tony’s ear, then trailing kisses along his jaw and down his neck. The alpha trailed further down to Tony’s chest, and began sucking bruises everywhere. Tony’s legs had wrapped themselves around Steve while he moaned his heart out at every touch from his alpha.
“Uh huh, Captain America can punish me anytime he likes.” Tony teased Steve’s lower lip with a finger, “How does Captain America want to punish me?”
Tony responded by yanking the alpha down for a very heated kiss. It was a quick jerk, so Steve fell on top of Tony, burying the petite omega under his two-hundred-and-sixty-pound weight. Tony found the air in his lungs get punched out of him, but couldn’t help but laugh at that. “How many orgasms do you think I can have before I pass out?”
The next thing Tony registered was strong hands on his hips lifting him off the ground. He was pinned to the wall, face to face with those gorgeous blue eyes and those handsome blonde locks and those full, pink lips. “
Tony began shimmying, his whole body vibrating with the motion, and that was possibly the hottest sight Steve had ever seen in his life. Steve followed suit, his muscles jiggling with the motion as his pants slid down his legs. Tony stared at him, mouth opened in shock.
A while later, when Steve was breathing comfortably, and his heart wasn’t pounding against his chest, he finally got to wrap his hands around his omega, and pulled him in for a soft kiss.
“Relax. I’m about to show you heaven without killing you.” Tony murmured, running a finger along the center of his chest, “Now, I believe I said something about letting you suck me off…” he trailed off, tapping his chin.
Steve moaned out aloud, and leaned in for a kiss, which Tony returned with fervor, sucking hard on the alpha’s tongue, earning more moans from him.
Tony took the command in stride and rolled the nipple between his teeth, biting down hard, just short of breaking the skin, and stroked it with the tip of his tongue.
Their room smelled of sex and pheromones, the scent of apple pie mixed with chocolate and vanilla and roses. JARVIS had been considerate about keeping the rest of the Tower’s residents far away from their door, unless they wanted to deal with the consequences of their instincts getting the better of them.
Steve settled himself by Tony’s head, the omega’s beautiful body right before him, all for him. He brushed light fingers over Tony’s nipples, making him whimper before he moved on to feeling his abs, tracing the ridges as he made his way toward his cock. Once Tony got busy sucking him off, Steve just had to get a piece of that delicious cock before his eyes. He grabbed the omega’s thighs and pulled them in until his hole was on display, right within his reach.
Tony’s hands found their way toward Steve’s thighs, brushing soft touches against them. It tickled, and Steve found himself shudder at the touch. “Omega…please…” the alpha begged, voice desperate and needy.
“Why do you always walk out when Morgan and I come and visit him?” Pepper had asked him on the sixth day of seeing him behave the way he did.
“You’re pretty spry, for an older fellow,” he hears a very familiar voice call out from behind him, one he’s been yearning to hear for ages. “What’s your thing? Pilates?”
“It was good. We missed you,” Natasha had answered, only for Steve to scoff in answer. “Tony asked why you weren’t there…”
Pepper was silent for a while before she answered, “I am going to divorce Tony once he wakes,” she said instead. Steve’s head snapped up to look at her, eyes wide in shock. “Let me explain. Just hear me out first. All these years, I hated Iron Man. I love Tony, but I hated that he kept on going after those suits year after year. I knew why he’s done whatever he has, but I never really tried to understand him. Putting on that suit, he calls it the Rescue armor,” she chuckled, “I finally understood Tony. Looking from the outside, I always thought he was selfish for being a hero, but it is only now that I get he has been nothing but selfless.”
“I could answer if y…” Tony let out a pathetic whine as he was cut off once again with a smack. “If you j…” another slap. “Will you…” and another.
“You can touch me all you want once we’re done.” Tony shot him a teasing smile, “I call the shots until you’re all knotted up, deep inside me.” his voice took a sultry note as he went on, “Don’t you want that, alpha? Don’t you wanna knot me?”
“I realized that not having you around doesn’t leave me with much else to do.” Steve answered with a shrug, though if the smile was any indication, he liked the reaction it got from his omega. “You like it?”
“Such a good alpha.” Tony smiled as he stood up to bring his dick close to Steve’s face, but just out of the alpha’s reach, “How do you want me?”
Tony might have blacked out for a minute or two before he came to his senses, and was rewarded with his alpha filling him up with his warm release. He was so lost in the pleasure of that warmth that it took him a while to notice he wasn’t knotted yet. “Alpha?” he looked up at Steve, confused.
“Don’t you worry Sweetheart. You’re gonna be so sore, you ain’t moving a muscle for at least a week. That’s the only way you’ll let me take care of you as much as I want.”
“Please tell me you’re not done spanking me.” Tony spoke as he broke the kiss, voice almost begging.
Tony smirked naughtily, and Steve’s eyes widened, because that wasn’t all there was to it. “But…you only get to use your mouth.” Steve’s mouth dropped open in shock. His
“Uh huh. I believe spanking was mentioned somewhere in there,” Tony looked up at Steve just as cheekily, “and fucking my tight little hole all night.”
Steve couldn’t help rutting against his omega’s slicked entrance. He felt the warm slick trickle down along his dick, and it made him grind against his omega even more. He continued massaging Tony’s chest, imagining how beautiful he would look with their child growing inside him, with the big belly, and soft breasts. He could visualize his omega looking heavily pregnant in perfect detail, and it was the most beautiful though that might have ever crossed his mind, and he was sure it would be even better when it eventually became a reality.
He still goes to the gym, purely because he can, and he has nothing better to do since his retirement following Tony’s passing. He got to lead a full life, and was surrounded by his children and grandchildren during his last days, and that was more than Steve could ask for.
Steve looked up to see metallic restraints around his wrists, tying his hands in place. He struggled to get out of it, but the bindings wouldn’t budge.
The next morning, Steve woke up to a slumbering Tony in his arms. He looked so beautiful when he was asleep, Steve could spend the whole day watching him just like that, or maybe paint a portrait. He’d actually had a lot of ideas for his paintings now, and he’d have to actually paint them sometime.
Tony pulled the alpha’s hands away from his butt and pinned them against the headboard, above Steve’s head. “I only said you could massage my boobs, alpha, or did you forget?” he spoke lowly.
“How was the wedding?” Steve had asked the moment she crouched beside him, hands wrapped around her legs.
Tony began working on taking the suit off of Steve, unbuttoning the button on the collar first, exposing his collarbones. He sucked a bruise over each one, before pulling the Super Soldier down to press their mouths together. Tony surrendered this one kiss to Steve almost immediately, because that was probably the only time he was going to let the alpha have control over the night’s activities. He found the zipper to the stealth suit, and pulled it down along the edges of the dark grey star, just enough to reveal part of the alpha’s well-sculpted chest, with those perfect brown hairs.
Steve thrust up into Tony, each stroke brushing against the omega’s prostate. “Omega!” he gasped as he felt himself tipping over into his orgasm.
Steve was still panting as he grinned. “I told ya I’m gonna fuck your tight little hole all night. I ain’t gonna knot you until I’m exhausted. I can do this all night.”
Tony took a moment to steady his breath, and then went up to Steve, hands on the buckle of his belt while his mouth got busy sucking and biting at those light brown-pink nipples. Steve’s breath caught in his throat as Tony massaged his nipples, and moaned out when Tony bit down, sure to leave a mark for a while. It was of course, meant to distract the alpha as his pants and underwear were dropped to the floor, pooling by his feet to reveal his cock, standing in attention. Steve stepped out of his pants and kicked them away, before grabbing Tony by the ass and pulling him up for a heated kiss, his tongue sliding in the omega’s mouth easily. He carried Tony to the bed and settled the omega in his lap, giving his butt one last squeeze before he broke the kiss.
“Oh god, Steve! That feels so good!” Tony moaned as he pressed in further, feeling the alpha’s tongue lick his vagina, tasting his sweet, sweet slick. His hands were still fisted in Steve’s hair, clenching every time the Super Soldier licked at a particularly sensitive spot.
Tony had started to get a little impatient, so he undid the rest of the zipper on the stealth suit, revealing the alpha’s body in all its magnificent, hairy glory. He probably hadn’t noticed it before, but Steve’s time training for hours and hours to kill time back in DC had done wonders to his already wonderful physique.
“Oh, that I will. I’ve got some tricks up my sleeve.” Steve smirked hungrily at his omega, “How bad do you want it?” a wink.
Steve eyes him for a moment before nodding and returning to the pan, “I mean, I sort of lost track of what you were saying before that,” he admits sheepishly, “but it’s nice to hear your voice.”
He unbuckles his seatbelt and steps out of the car, clicking his fingers. “Waiting on you here, sweetcheeks.”
He feels about a million different shades of awful, but something about Steve’s words, the shaky tone of his voice, has Tony slowly lifting himself up from the ground and approaching the doors.
He’d already worked out today, but he was hoping to get a bit more in, even if it means staying up into the early hours of the morning.
kind of control, the kind of control that’s black and white, he can either accept the treat or refuse it, he can either stick to his calorie limit or go over it, and he never does. There’s a hard pass or fail involved, it’s not fuzzy and grey and debatable, like decisions on the field often are.
Neither of them spoke until they’d reached a secluded corner of the outdoor garden, obscured from view by a neatly trimmed rose bush. Carefully maintained flower beds surrounded the perimeter, a riot of purple and blue, with smatterings of yellow. The night air was sticky sweet with it all, and suddenly, breathing seemed to come to Tony a whole lot easier.
Tony steps out through the doors wordlessly, winding his arms around Steve’s waist. Visible relief paints itself across Steve’s face as he returns the embrace fiercely, strong arms wrapping around Tony’s back and drawing him in close. He nuzzles into the crook of Tony’s neck, breaths still hitching a little on every inhale. Tony presses in further, until he can hear the steady thrum of Steve’s heart, until he can feel the warmth that he radiates, and the way it seeps into his own skin the longer they stand there, grounded. He smooths his hands up to Steve’s shoulder blades, lingers there until Steve’s shuddery breaths even out.
have had fondness lighting him up from the inside out, spreading warmth down to his fingertips. Steve tipped his head up to look at him, and he sobered almost immediately upon seeing the same fondness reflected back in those eyes.
On the car ride, where he would usually be making conversation, he googles the amount of the calories that toothpaste contains, mulls over whether he should include it in his daily totals,
“I’m fine,” he says, rubbing harshly at his eyes. “You don’t need to go all—you don’t need to play nursemaid, I’m
A little while later, Tony found himself rambling up a storm about the constellations on the ceiling, about how he didn’t believe in astrology one bit but still had Fri read him his daily horoscopes without fail, thank you very much, what if they came in handy? Steve tracked every single shape that was pointed out to him, only speaking when Tony’s eyelids began to grow heavy, his sentences verging on nonsensical.
He catches sight of his transculent reflection in the polished marble counter, all done up in charcoal-grey, which he curses inwardly as he struggles to get a good view of himself. He inclines his head just so, so that he can glimpse himself in the full-length window to his right, which is when he feels a hand press gently into the small of his back, a large palm that he recognises instantly, that sends warmth flowing through him.
He looks at a plate of lasagna and the calculations race through his head, what went into the sauces, the exact number of grams that were in the ground beef packet Clint used, the estimated ratio of carbs and fats and proteins, the calorie totals he’s memorised like the back of his hand, takes into account the average amount of oil that Clint uses for cooking, that surely must’ve gone into the beef.
“You can still see me though, right? Even though I’m one of your blind spots? It’s just - it’d be a real shame to miss all this,” he said, with a vague gesture to himself.
FRIDAY’s judgmental silence as he laughed to himself somewhat hysterically, fishing through his closet of suits.
“I think you look great. You keep up with the rest of us during training just fine, even though you don’t use a lotta hand-to-hand out on the field. There’s nothing to fix.”
He flashed a smile for good measure, leaning back in his seat with what he hoped was an air somewhere between charming and nonchalant. He had that combination down to an exact science at this point, of course, but he was feeling just the slightest bit out of sorts from a long day.
“I’m almost done,” he confirms, “but, uh, I’ve been feeling a bit out of sorts today. Think I’ll skip out on dinner.”
He struggles to maintain focus on his projects, struggles to keep a clear head during missions, struggles to interact normally with the team with the thoughts that eat at him.
Sam had the clear upper hand by the time they were alerted to the presence of other people by a pointedly cleared throat, although they’d both been weakened a bit by laughter. The creases of his Ford suit had
And if Tony was the first to shuffle across the seat, pressing himself up against Steve’s side, well, it
Tony doesn’t shy away from Steve’s lingering gaze, just throws him a lazy smile as he tugs up the pair of Captain America pajama pants that Clint had bought for him as a joke. The Avengers never seem to learn of the unbounded
“You went silent for a while,” Steve elaborates, a curiously intent glint in his eye as he regards him.
just how much empty calories it contains, he eats it, and he picks up another, and another, until they’ve finished the basket, conversation flowing between them.
Steve cooks them both dinner one night, and Tony sits atop the polished kitchen countertop, babbling away about his most recent SI project. He takes note of the olive oil that Steve drizzles in the pan, estimates it to be about two teaspoons, takes note of the spices that he adds, two teaspoons of each, the specific brand of canned tomatoes that he mixes in, how that all adds to the total—
I nearly forgot that happened. Please, cap, remind me for the hundredth time exactly what occurred, it’s been far too long since I’ve heard those stern tones of yours. A downright agony.”
He keeps track of every single lie he tells about foods he supposedly doesn’t like, just to get out of eating them. They’re jotpointed in a locked note on his phone, because although he has it memorised, he doesn’t trust himself to keep everything straight. Not this time.
Steve sighs. “Tony, I know you’re in there. I—you don’t have to talk, if you don’t want to. Maybe I could, uh, talk at you? Is that okay?”
“You do look a little pale,” Steve observes, brushing his knuckles gently along the side of his face. He wonders if Steve notices the cheekbones that don’t jump out at him. He wonders if he can feel the soft areas on his back as he runs his hand along them, wonders if he notices that Tony isn’t as defined as he is, in all his perfectly sculpted glory.
He supposed that really, that marked the start of a) Steve’s apparent protective streak and b) their strange banter-verging-on-flirting, which Tony didn’t mind one bit, because flirting had always come second nature to him and well. Steve had a lot going for him, once you got past some of the prickly disposition that came with the Captain America persona he often donned, ever the dutiful soldier. Tony had always known this of course, in a sort of peripheral way. Still, he hadn’t fully
And you know what? Yeah. Maybe it was a little pathetic, but sue him for wanting to soak up anything he could while Steve’s clinginess knew no bounds. He was used to merely being humoured when it came to his fondness for being tactile with friends (hello again, wonderful childhood), so it really wasn’t an entirely unwelcome change of pace.
, from an old MIT associate, accompanied by a playful elbow to his side, for some reason it feels like he’s been sucker-punched, and he can’t shake it off like he normally does, can’t smile and return the snark easier than breathing.
Steve snorted as they rounded a corner, approaching the rec room. There were a few others sprawled about the place now, Natasha curled up on an armchair, Rhodey watching on with faint amusement as Sam laid out the basics of a video game to Bucky. Except - Bucky didn’t appear to be listening, hellbent on fixing both him and Steve with a horrified sort of expression that had Tony positively beaming. Everyone else seemed unfazed, but then again, Bucky was the only one in that room with superhearing.
He brings up an article on his phone that compares his twenties-body with his current body, reads it over and over until his eyes burn and sting from staring at the screen in his darkened bathroom, until his hands tremble where the pale light washes over them.
The bed dips a little as he settles beside Steve, shifting to get comfortable before allowing himself to be drawn into the circle of his arms. He reclines his head back against the broad expanse of Steve’s chest, relishes in the steady thrum of his heart, the perpetual warmth of his skin.
“Tony Stark, not ordering a cheeseburger from a cheeseburger joint? What has the world come to?” Bucky asks, a playful smirk tugging at his lips.
Tony doesn’t feel light anymore, it’s devolved into echoing hollowness, into aching emptiness, like overwhelming fatigue has seeped into the very marrow of his bones and turned them to lead, exhausting him from the inside out, sapping him of his steam, of his energy. He lashes out without meaning to, particularly when people ask him if he’s feeling okay, he feels tears burn at his eyes for the most insignificant of reasons, he reduces his calories and
FRIDAY informed him the following morning that he’d managed about 14 hours of uninterrupted sleep, which he noted with glee was enough to last him a
He blinked. The sharp pain spiralling through his veins had dulled down to something more tolerable now, and with how hazy he felt, how slow the messages to his limbs seemed to be, it had to be due to a painkiller of some kind. His throat was almost unbearably dry, protesting with every swallow.
“Huh. How’s that working out for you? Figuring me out okay? Been told I’m a little complicated. Multi-faceted, if you will.”
“That too,” Steve admits, nosing along his hairline, “but it also means you’re not wearing one of those masks you love so much.”
until he starts noticing the angles that make him look too round, starts noticing areas that stubbornly refuse to go down, where the muscle definition isn’t enough, areas that he’s surprised Steve hasn’t noticed yet.
Steve let out a shuddering breath, and Tony was vaguely able to conjure up the thought that his eyes seemed suspiciously glassy.
to being worth his own. As if his life for Tony’s was a perfectly fine trade-off. He scrubbed a hand across his face, wondering vaguely if his head should be swimming this much, if the seats opposite him should be resembling blurry patches of colour. It was probably fine. Probably.
He thinks of the linguine and the bread and the gelato he’d consumed the previous night, the uncounted calories that passed his lips, as he struggles through the fourth hour of his workout, limbs aching, muscles shaking violently, lungs blazing. The glass door before him presents him with a sorry reflection, presents him with the softness and roundness that clings stubbornly to his body, presents him with a million different reasons Steve has to be lying when he tells Tony that he finds him attractive.
He didn’t always panic when people got close to the arc reactor; a tangled web of factors Tony himself couldn’t comprehend, couldn’t operationalise or make sense of the way he so desperately wanted to, generally determined how his body chose to respond.
Some days, he’ll casually inquire what a specific team member is making that night, ask for the recipe if he’s brave enough, and then he’ll look up the ingredients, and he’ll sneak into the kitchen like a man on a mission so that he can scan them and log them.
Apparently, this is just an emotional rollercoaster of a day all round, because Tony registers that his face is wet with tears, his throat tight with all the words that try desperately to reach his lips.
, because you have several bruised and fractured ribs, and they’re monitoring you for any major head injuries,” came a low voice, accompanied by a cool hand against his forehead, pressing him gently down into the pillow.
“Traitors,” he managed, upon blearily cracking his eyes open. “Taking me to a hospital. Where’s your sense of loyalty?”
“Did he say something?” Steve asks, and there’s a note of protectiveness wound through his tone that has Tony’s heart clenching.
He hops on the treadmill and sets it to a high setting right off the bat, takes pleasure in the way his lungs burn and his chest heaves and his muscles ache, imagines himself cutting right through those two pesky pounds.
Tony stills, looks down at the remains of the waffles he’d scarfed down in an overwhelming moment of weakness, the sugary sweet syrup an incriminating smear across the pale ceramic of his plate. His stomach churns.
Tony smiled. Maybe getting shot didn’t have to be the worst thing ever. That probably counted as an unhelpful, counterproductive pattern of thinking, though.
He sprawls himself out on the floor of his lab, pale moonlight streaming in through the full-length window. He takes even breaths, measures the length of time between each heartbeat, feels a stab of panic when he realises that occasionally, it’s not regular, a beat is missed.
“If I pass out,” he said suddenly, “I don’t want anyone to catch me, got it? Just...let me fall. That’ll be my new life. Passed out on the ground forever.”
He’s had his stints with drugs, with alcohol, but neither of those things had gripped onto him so quickly, so efficiently, so
When the team orders in, he suggests takeaway joints that clearly list their caloric totals and scrutinises each option until he finds something that’ll fit into his daily calorie intake without drawing unnecessary attention to himself.
He’d gone through the motions, winged his way through a killer speech, mingled with the rambunctious New York socialites seated at his table, approached all the right people, made all the right overtures.
won’t die without your holy shield in my presence for more than two seconds, but if I do, you’re more than welcome to play nursemaid.”
“I’ll sleep when I’m dead, cap,” he said, before promptly scooping up the bottle and downing at least half of it in a few long gulps. “Also, for the record, we
Tony hoped the grin painted across his face didn’t look too relieved. This was safe territory now, their back-and-forths usually had an effortless ebb and flow that made them predictable. Tony could do predictable. Emotions weren’t predictable.
If Tony had the energy to muster up indignance, he would’ve. Albeit, it was pretty hard to feel much of anything apart from the overwhelming fondness that was swelling in his chest, unbidden. His breaths grew slower, steadier, more content.
And really, giving some murderous bastard the pleasure of seeming even slightly shaken, of seeing him hide out at the compound like some coward, it was worth it when the smile Steve gave him was so bright. His heart clenched in his chest at the sight, which was ever so slightly concerning, because his heart seemed to be doing an awful number of funny things lately. A glance down confirmed that the arc reactor was still glowing, bright as ever, which probably meant he was okay for now. Maybe. A few centimeters higher, and that bullet might’ve royally screwed his life up.
Tony nodded, only slightly perplexed at the sudden change in topic. “Think I remember reading something like that in your file.”
Something in Steve’s gaze softened considerably as he sat up, looking down at Tony with a ghost of a smile. “Yeah. It also means I can remember the exact look on your face when you realised that door was a pull door, not a push door.”
The thought of eating right now has nausea churning in his gut for a reason he can’t pinpoint, hot and sharp and unfathomably suffocating.
“I’ve been proven very hard to kill, Rogers,” he said, sort of hating himself for throwing Steve’s last name in there.
Tony nodded wisely. “I forget that you’re a supersoldier heater sometimes. Definitely not a capsicle anymore.”
Steve placed an easy hand on his shoulder, and Tony was struck briefly by just how blue his eyes were, caught by the orange glow of the setting sun. Before he could go full lovestruck teenager and wax poetic about blues and oranges and maybe even oceans at sunset, Steve was turning away, a smile twitching on his face.
Steve was the first person to swim into view, eyebrows knitted together with worry, tension woven through every line of his body.
When that earned him a pointed silence, Tony shifted, struggling to sit up on his elbows without jostling the wrappings around his chest. “Lighten up, cap. You’ve probably witnessed me almost die like what, eight times already?”
Tony has hated looking at his reflection for a good number of years, for a tangled mess of reasons that a therapist could probably have a field day with. He doesn’t like to see the man that peers back at him, doesn’t like to be confronted by the past mistakes that jump out at him.
For once in his life, Tony found himself unsure of what to say. He swallowed, once, twice, three times, before looking back up at the galaxy above. He felt raw, exposed by the curiously intent look on Steve’s face, and usually that came with an intolerable amount of discomfort churning in his gut. Instead, there was nothing but that all-consuming warmth.
Steve hummed, offering up a lazy smile. “I mean, it was pretty enlightening for me too, watching you read the word ‘pull’ and then proceed to push with everything you had. Personally, I didn’t realise Clint could laugh so hard.”
that he casually mentions it to Steve one night, while they’re twisted up together in bedsheets after an exhausting day for both of them, Avengers-wise and press-wise.
Tony just laughed, completely unrepentant. “Careful who you’re calling disgusting there, snowflake. I have at least one veritable source that can confirm I am anything
JARVIS calculates an appropriate calorie deficit. It’ll take about four weeks to sustainably lose the handful of pounds he wants to lose, with the least amount of damage to his body. He’s always been relatively conscious of eating balanced meals, despite his weakness for cheeseburgers and his occasional stints with alcohol — it’s just sort of how the cookie crumbles as you age — so he keeps in line with what he normally eats and logs it, makes sure he’s not going over. Simple as that. JARVIS takes a lot of the hassle out of it too, so it doesn’t even take up a whole lot of his precious time.
Steve sucked in a deep breath, casting his gaze towards the ceiling as if asking God to give him strength. Tony would’ve smiled, if he had the energy.
Tony doesn’t quite catch the answer through the buzzing static that fills every corner of his brain, the pinpricks of shame that gather in his chest as the reality of the situation slams into him.
He has an addictive personality, he’ll be the first to admit that. He has more complexes than he can count, especially when it comes to control. But this is a
“I’ll throw in a few stern glares, like those ones from the old-school recruitment posters. That’ll teach him.”
It’s warm, affectionate, obviously teasing. Steve looks at him from across the breakfast table with thinly-veiled relief etched into his features, in the slight furrow of his eyebrows, in the fingers that won’t stop rapping against the hardwood table.
“You know, people don’t bring it up nearly as often as the physical stuff, but Erskine’s serum gave me a photographic memory.”
Relief warmed his chest as he watched the corners of Steve’s mouth twitch, resembling something like a smile, even if it was only for a brief moment. “Being Captain America comes with certain perks.”
“I know you can protect yourself,” he said, “but knowing you still have me to fall back on, it just...I don’t know. Makes me feel better. And…you’re warm. And nice to have around.”
making things weird, don’t you?” he asked, with a smile that took away any real heat the words might’ve had.
“When…” he hesitated, clearly debating whether he should keep going. His jaw set resolutely after a moment, quiet determination on his face. “Whenever there’s an alien attack, or a mission, we aren’t really being targeted specifically. I mean - they’re not necessarily after us, we just happen to get in the way, right? It all seems a little...surreal. But this time...they were targeting you, specifically, to kill you. All it would’ve taken is one bullet, and they would’ve got you too. Aliens and magic almost don’t seem real, but bullets do. If that makes sense.”
Tony could feel the blow even now, the brunt of it aimed directly at his chest, knocking him into a nearby wall and leaving him a heap of armour just for a moment. Obviously, that’s when Steve had thrown himself over him, covering his body, his startled shout through the comms enough to disorient Tony’s sleep-addled brain and leave him reeling. The Hulk had taken care of the explosive, but it had been a close thing.
With Pepper demanding that FRIDAY keep him inside, Rhodey thoroughly vetting any and everyone who entered the compound, and his teammates doing a comically terrible job at trying to conceal their hovering, Steve’s constant touches were comparably tame.
Slightly horrified by all the emotion he could feel welling up in his throat, forming a lump that was becoming increasingly hard to swallow around, Tony directed his gaze towards the ceiling panels. Because they were fascinating,
Dusk was approaching, and he watched with a vague sort of interest as the sun set in a pool of deep reds outside, wispy clouds brightened by the remaining light. Their teammates had retreated to their various crevices, some gathering in the training rooms, while others prepared for the Charity gala scheduled that night. All but a few had caved and agreed to go - Pepper could be incredibly persuasive when she wanted to be, especially when it came to Avengers PR, and how it could reflect on SI. Their various missions had conveniently been scheduled around this particular day, leaving them with the rather rare occurrence of having a virtually full house.
Laying on the cold floor at this moment, feeling the remaining warmth it leaches from his skin, he feels like he’s hit the lowest of lows, and he’s not sure how to even
It might’ve been the resemblance to Obadiah, or the sly lilt of his voice, or the force with which he clamped down on Tony’s shoulder, unrelenting, or the way he towered over him due to the fact that Tony was still sat down.
“Hey, big guy, we have a deal remember? I ruin the lines of my suit with body armour, you let up with all the protests.”
he tells Steve. He feels an odd amount of horror that just how small the serving sizes are, at just how many calories had gone into his body unnoticed.
Steve sent him a dark look, almost immediately sobered. “Shut it, Buck,” he warned, without any real heat.
Steve and Nat exchanged a few pointed looks, which Tony had some trouble deciphering, then Nat was exiting the room, heels clacking against the polished tiles.
“Shh…there’s no rush, alpha. We’ve got the whole night.” Tony whispered as he moved to straddle Steve. The alpha’s cock was pressed against his slit, getting drenched in his freely flowing slick. Tony felt a pleasant pressure against as he ground his hips against the alpha’s cock. They both moaned as the omega continued rutting against him.
“Of course I am.” Tony returned the smile with a bright one of his own, “Now come on.” he insisted, grabbing Steve’s shaft and pulling him toward the bed. Steve couldn’t help laughing as he was hauled across their bedroom by his dick. It was a funny thing, and just as hot. Tony pushed the alpha down to sit at the edge of the mattress, and climbed into bed, standing behind him. He placed his hands on the Super Soldiers shoulders and began massaging them lightly. The omega eventually got down on his knees and began nipping at Steve’s earlobes as he continues the massage.
“Captain America wants to spank your butt until it’s red like a tomato, Captain America wants to fuck your tight little hole all night, so you can’t sit without being reminded of me, maybe you won’t be able to sit at all, or even walk.” Steve answered, sucking in Tony’s finger and giving it a little nip.
“Boobs!” Steve gasped desperately at Tony’s continuing ministrations, “Boobs! I wanna massage your boobs.”
Steve felt the cool metal of his dog-tags against his chest, and it would probably never cease to amaze him that Tony always kept them on his person. It felt nice, to be loved with such dedication and devotion, something he’d never felt he deserved.
Tony’s face was contorted into one of pure bliss, possibly on the verge of passing out, and then Steve began to stroke his leaking erection. He might have handled it if it was just that, but no, Steve was also teasing his slit, parting the lips and pressing in his pinkie just enough to send shockwaves through the omega’s body. With that kind of stimulation, all it took was a few more strokes before Tony was spraying his come all over the bed with a scream of ecstasy.
Steve visibly gulped. Okay, this was way beyond what he had imagined when Tony had said he would dominate him. The Super Soldier was in for a very long night, and he couldn’t help feel the rush of excitement go through him at that thought. “Yes, omega.” he obeyed, keeping his arms stiff at his side.
“Enjoy yourself.” Tony murmured, while a hand trailed down to the alpha’s ass to give it a little pinch, making Steve startle, “Just like that…” the omega smiled before kissing the alpha once again. The height difference between the alpha and omega made Steve lean in so he could kiss Tony, which allowed the omega to massage the alpha’s ass, and the resulting moans in his mouth were very rewarding.
By late afternoon the next day, Steve’s stamina was just about to reach its limit, and they were back in bed, with Steve spooning Tony as the alpha fucked the omega out of his last brain cell. His hand was sitting firmly on the omega’s belly, filled with his seed, making the love of his life look like he was about three months pregnant. Their bodies were soaked in their sweat, and Tony’s slick; hair sticking to their foreheads like they just stepped out of a shower, and it was all just so euphoric. They were both high as kites, drunk on sex.
Tony did not need telling twice. He brought the head to Steve’s mouth, letting the warmth engulf it, and reveled in it for a moment. He grabbed Steve’s hair in his fists, and snapped his hips forward, burying himself into his alpha’s mouth to the hilt, and to his surprise, felt him gag around his cock. He was pretty sure his balls would have slammed against the Super Soldier’s chin had they been outside, and oh, that thought felt irresistibly erotic. Had Steve’s hands not been pinned against the headboard, Tony was sure they’d be massaging his ass right now, possibly even fucking his hole with those long fingers. He pulled out slowly, and found his cock drenched in the alpha’s saliva.
It wasn’t until Tony was very nearly out of breath that Steve broke the kiss. “Wanna take off my pants?” he asked, and stepped back when Tony nodded.
The moment those words fell on his ears, his mind was instantly thrown back to the day when he and Tony had first spoken. He had been so naïve back then, limiting who Tony was to only what he’d seen from Natasha’s grossly incomplete assessment, and the tabloids. He bites back a tear before he manages to offer an answer, “I wish I wasn’t, kid. I’m too spry for my own good,” he says as he finishes unwrapping the bandages. He hurries to tie up his hair and put on a tee before rushing out.
Steve pulled against his restraints, allowing him to sit up a little, so his omega was closer. Oh, how he wanted to just hold him close, wrap his arms around him. Steve leaned forward for a kiss, which Tony returned enthusiastically, sucking and biting at his lower lip. He felt arms wrap around his neck as the omega began moving faster on his slicked cock.
For the next almost-three-and-a-half years, Steve tried healing his broken heart by helping others heal theirs. The wound was ruthlessly opened once again when he visited Tony’s place with Natasha and Scott. The way Tony flinched at his touch was enough of a confirmation he would never be good enough for the man; he had blown away the many opportunities thrown his way, and life didn’t have any more to spare.
“Will you play with my boobs when they’re big, and round, and soft?” Tony trailed kisses along Steve’s neck, bruising the spot where one day his mating bite would lie.
“So much, my omega. I love it!” Steve answered, and found Tony’s hands on his chest once again. There was no squeezing or massaging this time, only soft caresses with the occasional brush against his nipples. It felt so good.
Steve, on the other hand was still pulsing inside the omega, filling him up with his hot seed. Tony felt every throb of his massive cock and knot. Steve slumped against the pile of pillows he rested against, and Tony finally let go of the alpha’s restraints as he sagged against his chest, feeling his alpha’s rapid heartbeat, and cock still pulsing inside him. He brought their foreheads together as an anchor, to calm down the alpha like he had done for the past year-and-a-half now.
“I gotta go, my little Iron Man,” Steve comforts him, “your other granpabby is calling me. He has been waiting for me for a long time now, and he’s getting cranky,” that makes everyone in the room chuckle through their tears. “How about this? I will tell your granpabby Tony stories from your preschool, and make him jealous how much smarter you are than him. Deal?”
Once Tony was comfortable with the stretch around Steve’s dick, the alpha began moving inside his omega, his fiancé. He let go of the omega’s hands, and wrapped his own around the omega, holding him close as he thrust into him. Every thrust was accompanied by ‘oohs’ and ‘ahs’ falling from the omega’s mouth like a prayer, hands coming up to ruffle through his alpha’s hair.
Tony woke up about an hour later, blinking open his eyes with a lazy yawn. He saw Steve looking at him with a soft smile. “What are you looking at?” he asked with a sleepy smile.
Steve knew he was going to agree to the offer the moment it fell out the omega’s mouth, but he wanted to exert what little control he had over the night, so he made a show of
“I love you too, my gorgeous omega, my Mechanic.” Steve murmured, and planted a gentle kiss to the omega’s cheek.
“I want Tony to be happy, for once in his life. Yes, he has been happy with me and Morgan, but he still loves you, Captain. He has loved Steve Rogers since he was a teenager, in spite of his father. Mind you, I did not say Captain America, I said Steve Rogers. No one except Rhodey and I know, and now you. He still loves you, even after the history you two have. I will always love him, and I will always be his best friend, and the CEO of the company with his name on it. I am not saying he settled for me, but I’d like if the two of you gave it a try.”
Tony finally took pity on his poor, struggling alpha, and pressed down just enough that the head was pushed just beyond the rim of muscle. They both hissed, the alpha at the pressure around his shaft, and the omega at the stretch around it. Tony had to rest his hands on Steve’s chest for support as he let himself get used to the stretch around his alpha’s huge girth. It had only been around a month since they last had had sex, around Thanksgiving, and Tony had honestly not expected himself to be so tight so soon. This almost felt like they were having sex for the very first time, almost.
He’s just done demolishing his last punching bag for the day and is busy unwrapping the bandages on his hands when he hears someone talk to him.
Well, asking nicely might not have been the best course of action, because, Tony heard the fabric of his jeans ripping a moment later as his slicked hole was exposed to the air. Tony had just a moment to comprehend the fact that Steve tore through his jeans like it was a piece of paper, before the alpha’s tongue invaded his hole. The omega gasped out loud, and his head flopped onto the mattress when his arms couldn’t hold him up any longer. Steve got to work immediately, unbuckling Tony’s belt before tossing it in the corner, then proceeded to tear through the entire leg of the jeans, until it fell off, nothing more than a rag. He threw it off to the side as well, followed by whatever remained of his underpants. It was safe to say the only piece of clothing that was expected to survive the night was Tony’s shirt which, fortunately, was out of harm’s way.
