In response, Cas rocked his hips, sliding their cocks together again and rendering Dean mute, except for a series of pleased, overwhelmed noises. Then Cas kissed him again, complete with tongue this time and Dean was fairly sure he had never felt better in his life than he did at that moment. When Cas reached between them and grabbed both their cocks, however, Dean realized he’d been wrong previously.
Cas laughed at him and wrapped his sandwich before placing it in the bag next to Dean's. Watching those blue eyes crinkle with laughter, Dean's heart gave a little flutter. He shifted the food bag out of the way and slid toward Cas on the bench, wrapping an arm around his shoulders. As they sat and watched the water in silence for a while, Dean kept stealing glances at Cas, still having a hard time believing he was here. Remembering what had brought them to this moment, he reflected that maybe kale wasn't so bad after all*.
Dean frowned at him in confusion. He could tell that, for some reason, Cas didn’t believe his not-quite-lie. Sam seemed to have bought it, though, and hopefully that would be enough.
“Uh, sure, I could do that. Should I just talk to the same lady?” he asked, taking another large bite of the pie.
“Hey, dudes, look,” Ed said, glancing around again. “I don’t know if you’re here on a case or what, but just... don’t mess this up for me, all right?”
Dean was loading the dishwasher and running through a checklist of everything he needed to do before the camping trip he was taking Ben’s boy scout troop on that weekend. He’d forgotten about it completely until Lisa brought it up first thing Saturday morning, so he was behind on preparations, as well as on confessions.
Chuck had been a regular at Gabe’s Whole Latte Love for about a year. He knew all the workers by name, and they knew him. He was their unofficial mascot. He came in every morning and ordered his Mocha Frappe with a triple shot and they let him stay there writing all day, as long as he periodically got a top-up or a muffin.
Dean started to ask again if he was sure, but then he glanced up at Cas and saw how flushed and gone he was on sensation. He pressed a kiss just above Cas’ scrotum, on the very base of his cock and Cas twitched and gasped. Dean got lube on his hand as he kissed all around the cock that lay before him, musky and leaking with precome.
Dean shrugged, no trace of his earlier annoyance visible now. “Yeah, it’s cool. I was kinda sleep-grumpy myself.” He flicked his gaze toward Cas for only a moment, then away again. “And, you know, maybe a little embarrassed that apparently I’m a sexsomniac.” He snorted then. “Although I was once accused of being a sexmaniac, but I don’t think that’s quite the same thing.”
He reached down and took Cas’s rather impressive erection in hand, stroking slow and loose for the moment. Cas enjoyed the sensation for a moment before reciprocating. Dean gasped and involuntarily bucked into Cas’s grip. Those long, graceful fingers were every bit as skilled as he’d always though they might be. He might not having kissing down, but dude knew how to jack it. Dean had to concentrate not to lose it in the first ten strokes.
“Nah,” the redhead said. “I just came by to see my favorite hot bartender before Gilda and I meet Dorothy for dinner.” Cas chewed his lip. She and the bartender seemed close, but he didn’t think she was a girlfriend. “Bet you’re sad to be missing all that hot lesbian action,” she said with a grin, which just confused Cas even further.
Dean took a deep breath and gave Cas a bright smile. "The money for a down payment on a new place. You're always saying how this place isn't really
“Hey, Cas?” Dean asked softly, as the feathers left tingles all over his skin. “You almost ready to go again?”
He learned a little while later that Cas was a-fucking-dorable when he first woke up. His hair was a wreck, his lips were extra pouty and his eyes extra squintastic. Dean smiled to himself when Cas wasn't looking.
They did as instructed and Dean felt nothing but relief when he returned to his normal form—until he remembered he was still supposed to talk to Cas.
Dean slipped into bed behind Cas, wrapping him up and pulling him tight against Dean’s chest. He pressed a kiss into the hair behind Cas’s ear, breathing deeply of Cas’s scent as he did. Cas’s hair held the faint scent of shampoo, a hint of something spicy, with a little bit of sweat underneath. Nothing unpleasant. Just earthy and real and warm.
Cas looked panicked. “What? No!” He gripped Dean’s arm. “Please don’t go anywhere. Stay right there.”
He checked on the casserole he had in the oven for dinner. Ordinarily, he’d have done something a little fancier for a meet and greet like this, but Charlie specifically asked for his “famous Cheesy Chicken and Potato Sex Casserole, Dean.” It was nearly done, so he turned the oven off. By the time they arrived, it should be the perfect temperature and wouldn’t scald anyone’s tongue off. He popped the cork on the wine to let it breathe and then went into the living room to wait on the couch.
, I got the psychic part, I just mean what tells you he wouldn’t care?” Dean asked, which Cas thought was as close to a confession as he’d gotten so far.
Dean led them back to the thankfully-empty elevators. They only had to go down to floor thirteen this time, so the trip only took a few minutes. As close together as they stood and as strong as his attraction to Cas was, Dean was itching to touch. When the doors opened, he tried not to run, dragging Cas behind him. Instead, he calmly stepped out and let Cas trail behind him.
Bobby’s smile became a grin. “Nope. Didn’t schedule any appointments for today and put up the closed sign before I came over. Even put the phone on the recording for the day.”
A few minutes later, he and Dean were both in bed. Castiel knew they were both lying awake, but he didn’t know how to relieve the uncomfortable tension that was building in the room. They were both sleeping in a strange space, with a person who was virtually unknown to them. It was unsurprising it was awkward, even without any other factors.
Dean was barely out of the car before Cas was opening the front door and stepping outside. He looked gorgeous, of course. When had he ever not? He’d managed to make the common cold look sexy at one point. Now that he was dressed in lounge pants, bare feet, and a form-hugging black T-shirt, he looked—nope. Not going down that road. Not after what he’d done to Dean. Nope. Nope. Nope.
“Great, Cas, that’s perfect. Now, D, why don’t you use your top hand on his thigh in the same way?” Aaron asked.
By the stunned look on Cas’s face and his absolute silence, Dean knew the truth was one of two things. Either Cas had never suspected Dean knew, or Cas had no idea what the fuck Dean was talking about because he hadn’t cheated. When the stunned silence continued, Dean had a sinking feeling it was that second thing.
“Human touch is really important to recovery, kid. Won’t bother me a bit.” Then Bobby smirked. “Unless of course you’re jealous.” He raised his eyebrows in a taunt. “You worried your fella might wake up and realize he can do better?”
think of you as a brother, but it’s not because you’re nothing to me!” He didn’t want to raise his voice in case his dad came home, but his emotion was getting the better of him. He closed his eyes and swallowed hard. “It’s because you’re everything.” He was whispering, but he knew by the small gasp that Cas had heard him.
Since it was Wednesday – church night – Sam wouldn’t be coming over, but he would be there the next night and he could stay through the weekend. Bobby was letting them have all of Thursday for apartment hunting and would start them working on Friday. If they couldn’t find a place Thursday, they’d have the weekend and Bobby would give them time off later, too, if necessary.
Now that the lights were a little brighter, Cas could see when confusion gave way to arousal on Dean’s face. He was pleased with himself. Then Bal came back to make sure he was doing everything he was meant to and he knew it was time for the lap dance itself. It was difficult to keep his arousal in check, so he didn’t even try. Customers tended to tip better when the male dancers got hard, anyway.
“You have helped me get better at it, as well,” Cas assured him, as if sensing Dean’s discomfort. “If you will continue to tutor me with it, I am sure I will be able to make a few passable meals at least before I go and live out there for three months.”
“It’s, uh, it’s me. It’s Castiel,” he stuttered into the phone. His statement was met by complete silence for so long he thought the call had dropped. “He-hello? Are you still there?”
“Of course! Yeah, I’ll head down there and we’ll come back up in about twenty minutes. Or do you need more time?”
Sometimes, when they had to leave while a throng of fans was still outside, they had to sneak Dean out in a fake speaker. It was a little humiliating.
As soon as he got back to the porch with his glass of juice, he saw Cas walking toward him. His head was down and he did not look up, even when he reached the porch. When Dean said hello, he responded, but his skin darkened to a dull crimson and he started to head back inside.
Another short and sweet one, but with a little more action this time. No smut again. Oops! I know, I know. But there's a Halloween party tonight and I've yet to find a costume, since I've been too busy with the leaking roof and other "torrential rain coming from the hurricane" problems (which could be so much worse and I'm so grateful they aren't - please give to Mexico, if you can, RandomActs can tell you where).
Dean and Cas both laughed. Then Cas straddled Dean on the couch and pressed Dean backward. One more breath and they were kissing.
A knock on the door broke him out of his desperate thoughts and he rushed to the door in the dark, his eyes having started to adjust at last. He threw it open and a very wet and upset-looking Cas stood outside in the hallway.
He figured it would be easy to find his giant brother in the crowd and he was not wrong. As he made his way through the crowd, though, his nerves started coming back full force. There were just too many people. His instincts told him any number of them could be demons, weres, vamps or shifters. At least a quarter of them were
To his left were the girls who had been fawning over Cas and they were still shooting him glances and whispering to each other. Occasionally a giggle rang out. Dean smirked, but did not engage them in conversation. Cas sat, oblivious to their attention. Dean wondered if he really didn’t see or was choosing to ignore it.
Dean blushed a little, but smiled at her and grabbed a confused Cas by the hand to drag him out of his chair and across the room to the stairs.
The man—even hotter now that his wide blue eyes were visible—nodded, but he looked no less fearful. Dean painstakingly got the pick in the right position again.
The leather snapped as it shot forward, and then cracked as it connected with the jean-clad flesh of Dean’s lovely ass.
“Well, if I’m being honest, there are other laps I’d much rather dance on, but I think you made it pretty clear you aren’t into that, so....” Dean shrugged, smiling a little. “My loss, I guess.”
“Dear, he only means that you have an insatiable thirst for knowledge and a lack of desire for family that sets you apart. It is not a bad thing,” she said, stroking his arm and smiling at him.
“Here you go, Gabe,” Dean said, returning. “Take your pills. Drink the water. Get comfortable. I’ll make us breakfast in the morning and things will feel better. You’ll see.”
The one thing Dean had never expected was for Cas to just ignore the confession altogether and walk out. The Cas he’d known would have—no matter how angry he was— at least acknowledged how difficult it was for Dean to make that admission. Even in the daydreams where he’d laughed, he’d been that respectful.
Naturally, that meant Sam had to come busting in with some kind of weirdass case before Dean had even finished half his coffee and cereal. He looked up at Sam blearily, robe slipping open and exposing more boxer brief than he normally liked to show as he whirled around to look at his brother.
Dean narrowed his eyes. He knew a fishing expedition when he heard it. He decided to nibble at the bait and tug the line, but not get hooked quite yet.
“This way,” Castiel said, walking toward the hallway. “There are many rooms, but they are all essentially the same. This one,” he said, gesturing into the first one on the left, “is likely to have light the longest at the end of the day.”
When Dean’s hand fumbled its way inside Cas’s pants and into his underwear, Cas thought he might die from the pleasure of it, even though he knew that was technically impossible. The feel of Dean’s fingers skimming along his hot, aching length was nearly enough to bring him to orgasm. He gasped and moaned at the sheer joy of the feeling.
They spent the morning on the milking and carpentry work. Mr. and Mrs. Schubert needed a new chair, so it took time for Castiel to show Dean how to make one. They were able to finish it before lunch, since there were two of them doing the work.
Dean raised his voice again. “Well, I know all that, Sam! But I’ve got his naked junk on my phone, so apparently we were both wrong!”
Dean had a feeling this little stunt was going to mean they both stayed up late studying, but he figured it would be worth it.
“Sorry, Jessie. This one—” Dean cocked his head toward Cas. “—keeps me on a short leash and I’m happy to be there.”
“May I go with you today?” Cas surprised himself by asking. He certainly hadn’t planned on it ahead of time.
Dean felt his heart rate increase as the cart rolled ever closer to the office of DeLourde. He took a deep breath and let it out through his lips before he knocked lightly on the frame of the open door. DeLourde didn’t even look up, just continued writing with his right hand while making a methodical “come in” gesture with the fingers of his upturned left hand.
“Oh, yeah? What are you gonna do if I don’t?” Dean asked, voice pitching low and sultry. He leaned forward, dropping to a whisper. “Spank me?”
Tears welled out of his eyes when Dean started working the vibrator in and out. It was too much. Too many sensations all at the same time. Cas considered saying Demons, but he held off. He could tell Dean was watching him, even though Cas was too vulnerable to make eye contact. He could be good. Dean was always so good for him. He could be good for Dean.
“Well, thanks for making me laugh, anyway.” He stretched and yawned. “I know it’s early, but I’m pretty tired still. You mind if I finish this story some other time?”
Dean closed the gap and they kissed. That, more than the house he was standing in, where he’d lived for over a year, felt like home. Cas was home.
He ignored the voice of future doom in his head and concentrated on not throwing his arms around his friend when he finally showed up. Instead he just grinned at him and Cas grinned back. To explain his joy to anyone paying attention, Dean loudly explained to Cas about Bobby’s job offer. Cas was just as excited as he’d hoped.
“Oh, haha. You guys are sooo funny.” He set the flowers onto the coffee table with a thunk. “I’m going back upstairs.”
Castiel watched, rapt as Dean sat down and folded his hands in a similar way. He closed his eyes and bowed his head. When Castiel did not begin to pray, he opened one eye and looked at Castiel expectantly. Castiel felt the corner of his mouth quirk up as if it were attached to Dean’s now-lifted eyelid.
“Shit. It probably does. Or it’s mint chocolate or something.” He sighed. “All right. Let’s go tell your family I’m not as awesome as they thought.”
If you have something positive to say, please leave a comment. If you have a question, please leave a comment. If you feel there was an untagged trigger and were personally affected by it, please leave a
Dean snorted. “Of course I’m coming with, Cas. Don’t be stupid.” So saying, he got out of the Impala and waited by the hood for Cas to join him.
“Wow. That seems like it could suck, especially when you’re dating.” Dean’s facial expression seemed to indicate an “aha!” moment. “That’s why you didn’t tell the cowboy to fuck off right away. You were trying to tough it out, see if the immersion would work.”
“Only for this week. After that, I will be staying in the dorm, but I will not be looking after you anymore. I will not be doing chores for that time, unless I choose to do so. I will be free to leave the village whenever I wish, even calling for a cab, if that is my desire.” Castiel hoped his fear didn’t show in his face or voice.
“So, hey, um, since neither of us seems to be sleeping,” Dean said after a few minutes. “Tell me more about you going out into my world and all that.”
Hurriedly, ignoring his baser instincts, and refusing to allow himself to gawk, Dean stripped Cas down to his boxers. Once that was done, he returned the pan to the fire and got Cas into the bed, under a veritable mountain of blankets. Dean peeled off the rest of his own clothes and crawled in right behind him.
Cas frowned, and Dean could swear his grumpy faces were almost as adorable as his happier faces. “I sent you a text that I was finishing an errand and I’d like to see you when I was finished.”
“That might be good, yeah.” Dean wasn’t sure he was ready to speak honestly about Cas, but he supposed he needed to.
Dean started moving toward the stairs. The last thing he heard before he got out of earshot was Sam asking, "Did you lower everyone's rents or just ours?"
Two hours later, cured of the magic and sated in the best way, Cas turned his head toward Dean, where he lay next to Cas on the bed.
Cass’s lip gloss, Deanna discovered, was strawberry flavored. Her mouth tasted like the chocolate pie and coffee with which she had finished dinner. Her lips felt like rose petals and her hair was every bit as silky as it had looked. Deanna had both hands fisted in Cass’s hair before she reluctantly pulled away.
“What does that mean? Is that like having the...  hots?" Cas asked, struggling to recall Dean’s previous phrase.
Less than an hour and a half later, they pulled up in front of a small house. “Looks like this is it. You ready?” Dean asked as he put the car in park.
He turned to his right and saw a family of four. He smiled and made eye contact with all of them. They each smiled and then dropped their eyes except the father who stuck out his hand.
“Fuck,” Dean finally said before lifting up. He stared down at the mess on Cas’s torso and smiled. “Damn, there’s even more than I expected.” He gave Cas one more peck on the lips before he lifted up. “Juice and then shower?”
Just before he would have gone in search of something to seal it with, Bobby banged through the screen door. “Come help me with lunch, kiddo. Unless you’re busy?”
So I have had this partly written for a while and then I wrote another thing and realized one could complete the other rather nicely, so here we have it. A meet cute and some smut. Your favorite, no? I spoil you, but you're worth it.
With a deadpan expression to rival Sam’s and a voice devoid of inflection, Lisa said, “You get to eat soup.” She swatted at his hands in annoyance. “Stop stretching the belt. Can you pick up the stuff or not?”
He spent a full minute carefully removing all trace of his release from the bowl. He then went so far as to find disinfectant and wiped it all down again. Lethargy had reached him then and he made his way back to bed, this time staying on his own side, but with a hand stretched out to Dean’s stomach. Within minutes, he was asleep.
Sam, unfortunately decided to turn on the water works. “Mom, come on! They’ve been picking on me all afternoon! It’s not funny!” he whined, voice starting to break halfway through.
Cas sighed, shoulders slumping as he let go of the breath. “Last time was a facade. It wasn’t really me they were meeting. Today is when they get to know what I’m really like.” He shook his head, reaching in to grab a few of the packages. “It scares me a little. I want them to like this me.”
“What, I’m not good enough for a cuddle boner?” Dean’s voice was teasing, but he shifted backwards, pressing his ass flush against Cas’s crotch—and the partial erection therein.
you, Cas. You’re one of the hottest people I’ve ever seen in my life. And I don’t do well with relationships in general, but with guys in particular, and I knew you would be a relationship guy and I just—fuck, this sounds so totally stupid, doesn’t it? I’m such an idiot.”
Castiel’s own manhood reacted to the sight and Castiel hurriedly backed away. He quietly ran to the door. He took care not to appear to be fleeing when he left, lest anyone from the village be walking or riding by. He kept his pace brisk, though, trying to burn off the nervous energy he felt and the twist of shame in his gut. He took a walk, trying to clear his head and rid himself of the guilt he felt, but he was unsuccessful.
Cas looked around at his ruined living room and felt the urge to weep. However, he knew he’d better retrieve whatever belongings he could before more of the ceiling caved in. It probably wasn’t safe even now, but he had to try. He grabbed a few sets of clothes before the sounds coming from the ceiling sent him running back into the living room. Once there he grabbed the few other possessions that were important to him—namely his laptop bag, phone charger, a few books, and his suitcase. Then he locked his apartment and steeled himself before walking next door again.
Dean hadn’t made a conscious decision not to tell Sam that he and Cas were together. It just felt better to keep it to himself. If he had to give it up later, then for now he just wanted it to be his. The closer time got to the end of Cas’ rumspringa, the less Dean liked it, but he did his best not to think about it more than necessary. Instead, he just let himself enjoy the present and daydream about tomorrow’s kisses. It was the best he could hope for, at least for now. Cas could still decide to stay. Dean intended to do everything he could to convince him – without ever saying a word about it.
They stepped onto the sidewalk and headed up the stairs together and Cas waited until they were on the elevator to speak again.
“Well, that was cool of him,” Dean said, taking their coats. “Dinner’s ready and I’ve got wine open, so whenever he gets here, we can eat. You guys wanna go on through or wait here in the living room?”
Dean let out a shaky breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding. “Cas, you should know... I like girls. I like them a lot, actually. Find them attractive and all of that, but... I like guys, too.” He heard a small gasp from Cas, but he ignored it. “Where I come from I guess it’s called bisexual? I never really labeled it before, but... anyway, I don’t judge you. Okay?”
“I guess this is where my rule against PDA gets me into trouble. Yeah, Cas. Aaron and I were a couple. He used to spend the night in my room when you were still living here.”
“—petulant assh—Hello, Dean,” Balthazar greeted. “Do come inside. My cousin was just telling me how he’s going to sit down like the adult he’s been for a very long time and listen to whatever you have to say.” He turned to look over his shoulder, pinning Castiel in the far doorway with a look. “Weren’t you, Cassie?”
Cas was apparently an octopus because his hands seemed to be everywhere. Dean was definitely not complaining. His ass was squeezed, and his back was scratched. Teeth nipped at his ear and jaw and neck. Before he even had time to realize what Cas was planning, his button down was undone and hanging from his wrists.
Cas jumped so hard at the voice behind him that he nearly fell from his seat. He whirled around to look at the source of the noise and was greeted with a sheepish smile and small wave from a tall, waifish redhead. He gave her a small smile that he hoped was friendly and then turned back away, trying to regain his breath.
“Uh, hey, Novak, this is Dean Winchester. Listen, um,” he cleared his throat, hoping he didn’t sound as stupid as he felt. “Adler wants us to work together on that new Wurther thing. He was hoping you’d be able to come by my office this morning and brainstorm with me?”
“Oh. Well, I’m bi, so I don’t know if that counts or not. Anyway, drift compatible. From that movie?” Dean felt his face flush again, but only a little this time.
Dean didn't even sound like himself. His voice was at least an octave higher, maybe two, and softer by far. Cas had never heard anything more beautiful, he thought, than Dean in the grip of want. He couldn't wait to hear him come, hard and fast and on Cas's cock.
A stronger man might have resisted. Dean found he was ok being weak, for once. “If, you know, you want to,” he offered with a similar false display of casual indifference.
When Dean woke up, it was fully dark out, but the rain had passed. He could see stars twinkling above him and for a moment, he just lay there, not really noticing much else besides the view. Slowly, awareness of other things dawned. Cas was plastered against his back and Dean was torn between wanting to bask in that and really needing to move because his arm was asleep and he had to pee. He’d rolled into a weird position in his sleep, where his fist was pressing directly into his bladder and, since that was the arm that was asleep, he couldn’t just slide it out of the way. He extricated himself as gently as he could and stood up.
Dean was excited at the prospect of getting Cas alone for a lot of reasons. He was looking forward to being able to just make out, with no danger of anyone walking in or even knocking on the door. He was nineteen and an adult, legally, sure, but he’d never really had the chance to just be alone with someone, without a curfew or a deadline of some kind. Today, as far as he knew, he had neither.
“Dean, I need a favor.” Cas’s voice sounded desperate, but Dean thought that must be a result of the bad connection.
Dean answered his knock immediately. “Hey, I have the check right over here. You going to your brother’s now?” he asked as he walked to a small table next to the hallway and retrieved the check.
Dean laughed. “Damn, Cas, you thirsty?” He drank a hearty sip of his own. “Shit, this is good. You know I normally prefer beer or whiskey, but I gotta say, I’m opening up to fruity drinks, man.”
“Oh? Well, let’s just test that theory out, shall we?” He leaned over Dean and pressed him back against the bed.
Dean paused with his fork halfway to his mouth. Slowly he shook his head yes. “That’s probably a good idea.”
Jacob pulled an old fob watch from his pocket. “It’s just after noon.” Outside the rain continued to beat mercilessly against the barn and the wind howled around the corners. “Doesn’t sound like it’s going to let up anytime soon. I hope your Dean isn’t going to worry.”
She directed them back to the cheese shed, as Castiel had suspected. She directed the transfer of the milk from the barrel to the vat and then it was time for them to move on to the next chore. She surprised Castiel with a quick hug, which was duplicated by Pap.
Hadn't intended to write this today, but this chapter jumped into my head nearly fulled formed, so Happy Holidays, my lovelies ♥♥♥ Hope they are, have been and/or will be filled with joy and peace.
“Don’t I know it. He’s friends with Jacob Davidson, though, so his opinion holds a lot of sway, I guess? And Jacob said some really nice things about me.” The words felt strange on his lips. Those sorts of things didn’t happen to him. It was weird to say it out loud.
“So, it’s not that he’s a dude?” Dean asked, curious and more than happy to rib the hell out of his brother if he wasn’t 100% straight. “Interesting.”
It didn’t help that the judge was late. Dean was used to court delays, but that was usually from hearings getting overbooked. This time, he was first up, but the judge still hadn’t shown up, thirty minutes after the hearing was set to start. The attorneys—even the bailiff—were checking their watches now. It was another seventeen minutes before the bailiff instructed them to rise.
“I’m not sure Cas can still breathe there, Sammy,” Dean teased, but there was a question in his eyes.
their music. Getting kinda hungry, though. What do you want to eat? You can listen to another CD while I cook.” Dean found another disc and slid it into the player. Then he went to the kitchen to made them a meal he called “brunch”.
then. Dean was usually thankful during those times, for the reprieve from the longing. Now he didn’t have to long when Cas was here and when he was away, it meant a return to it. A painful, unwelcome return to pining.
“Oh!” Cas said, immediately dropping to his knees to open his briefcase. “Here. I know it’s not dinner, but hopefully it will help a little.”
“It’s Cas,” he said as he bent down as well. He finally looked at Dean then, spearing him with his bright blue gaze and sealing their fates.
The bastard was fucking with him. Again. Did he know how Dean felt? Or was he just playing on the fact that he knew Dean was uncomfortable?
Sam took the book reverently and ran his hand gently across the cover. When Sam looked up, his face was radiant. “Thanks, Cas. I’ll be super careful with it, I promise.”
And then it was happening. Cas was slipping his massive cock into Dean at long, long last. This was nothing like with the women and their slim plastic strap-ons. Cas was thick and hot and oh-so-very perfect. Dean felt completed in a way he didn’t know he could feel. Full and connected and on fire.
The man was looking at one of his friends, until she pointed at Cas and said, “I think he’s talking to you, birthday boy!”
Castiel sat, frozen. He could not speak. He did not know if he should try to deny it, to pretend he did not understand or just confirm it and let himself be shunned. Yet another decision he was ill-equipped to make. Jacob saved him the trouble.
Dean watched in awe as Cas got up and walked toward him. With the same finesse he’d shown at the club, he straddled Dean’s lap.
Dean didn’t hesitate after that. Once he was up on his hands and knees, Dean expected to hear the snick of the lube cap and to feel a cold slick finger probing at him. Instead what he felt were a pair of thumbs spreading his cheeks apart and then a warm, wet, thick tongue was sweeping across his hole and blowing his mind.
Almost immediately, Sam let out a yelp and glared at Gabriel. He made a show of angrily removing Gabriel’s hand from his lap and slapping it onto the table.
To Dean’s great surprise, Cas came home early from work. Ordinarily, it was a good half an hour after Dean arrived that Cas came through the door. This time, it was barely three minutes.
Dean started to answer, but his stomach growled loudly. His laugh this time was genuine. "How about you talk, I eat? Maybe if I'm focused on the food, that'll make it easier for you, huh?" He took a bite of his sandwich and made a small sound of appreciation. He really was hungry.
I really do hope you enjoyed the ride. This fic means so much to me. I'm sad to take it down, but I felt like it needed to live on elsewhere and I know some of you will miss it. Fun fact: it was my 6th most popular fic of all time. If only the book version could do half so well...
“I’m right here, Dean. You haven’t... you haven’t lost me.” Cas leaned down and smiled where Dean could see him. “You just misplaced me for a while.”
, he chastised himself. He yanked open the door to the bar with more force than was strictly necessary and then stopped. He sighed heavily, not wanting to take his mood out on the employees of the bar, and forced himself to relax his shoulders.
Dean tried not to stare as Cas loosened his tie and started unbuttoning his shirt, but when Cas noticed and held Dean’s gaze, Dean figured that was like permission. He watched graceful hands work buttons and then Cas was wearing only a thin T-shirt.
Dean smiled, a weight lifted. Mary was right. Cas had done something awesome. He didn't deserve their anger. Not that Dean didn't still plan to pay him back in some way. But it wouldn't be with a fight. He stood up and kissed his mother's temple.
“Yeah, so a few days later, I get this email. The webmaster really liked the video and wanted to buy more from me.” Dean spun his beer glass between his two hands. “I really wasn’t sure I wanted to do more and I told him that, but he seemed to think I was just playing hard to get. Apparently, he
Every few decades when one of his visitors would come—always when he was between servants—he could conveniently be reported to die and a distant young relative—still the count himself, but with a brand new name—would arrive to take over the castle grounds. He had been Viscount Dmitri Krushnic, Count Vladimir Tippens, Lord James Milton, among others.
at Dean. With his actual mouth. A mouth which was unfairly sexy, if Dean was listing attributes. He barely registered what was happening when he heard the messaging system ping. He glanced over in a daze to realize he had a message.
“Do not panic, Castiel. I understand, as most would not.” He stood up from the table and moved to stand at the window, looking out. “I, too, met a boy during my rumspringa. Like you, I was devout. When it came time to choose between them, I chose my life here because it was all I had known. My beliefs had not changed, just because of the boy I met. I did not think I could or should give up my life here for what I thought of as a doomed relationship, not sanctioned by the God I prayed to every night.”
“Damn, Cas, what the hell is it? I just barely finished off the vamps and already we got another situation?” He frowned as he passed a white-haired man who seemed to think the speed limit had a decimal between the numbers.
“Dean, after doing a lot of thinking and praying on the matter, I have come to the conclusion that any continued relationship between us would be ill-advised. I should never have allowed things to progress this far and, as I will be leaving to go home in a short period of time, I think it would be best if we went back to being just friends.”
Castiel smiled in the dark. “We start life by learning German. In some of the older, stricter communities, many of the people do not even learn English at all, though in most we begin learning it from around the age of 6 or so. In some communities, German is the primary spoken language. Here it varies between the families.”
Cas, however, had stopped to chat with some random dude. He flicked a look back toward Dean, but didn’t respond, listening intently to whatever the guy was saying. Dean did his best to ignore the stupid flare of jealousy that burned the pit of his stomach as Cas stood a little too close to the very naked other man and took in his words like they were gospel.
Cas had been about to say something similar, but he forwent words. Instead, he surged forward and captured Dean’s lips in a kiss. He half-missed, landing partly on plain skin instead of directly on Dean’s mouth, but Dean let out a gorgeous little sound, anyway. Dean corrected their angle of approach and returned the kiss, with fervor.
“Whoever you are, you may as well come out. You’re trespassing on my cousin’s property and I’m willing to stay here all day and night with your things until you have to return, so you may as well show yourself now.”
Gabriel chocked on the weird drink—blue, this time—that he’d been mid-sip of. “You—what? I was fully prepared to be scolded and cussed out.” He pouted. “Where’s the fun if you’re not annoyed?” Gabriel’s eyes narrowed. “Wait. Why aren’t you annoyed?”
“I wanted to see if I could get you to make the sounds from your dream. I assumed your brother would not want to hear them.”
“It’s okay.” Castiel dropped his eyes and shrugged. “It’s weird not having them around, but... I don’t think they liked me much, anyway.”
written more to the story because I remembered a very specific plot point. I mentioned this to mahbbys, who nodded and said yes, that was definitely the case. However, she recalled, as I did not, that I had not written that part on my laptop, but rather on my phone, so instead of a file it was in emails.
Dean pulled back long enough to see Sam walking towards the bedrooms. Then he grinned at Cas and pulled him back in.
“Why are you so attractive?” Cas growled when he came up for air, clutching Dean’s face in his hands. “It’s infuriating.”
Inexplicably, as soon as he made plans to spend time apart from Dean, he immediately resented when Dean took him up on it and he didn’t want to separate right away. He’d intended for Dean to speak with the cook himself, while Castiel went to the barn and took time to himself. Instead, he had offered to speak with her
"Ugggghhhh. You guys should get married at the library," Sam said before running for the front door and yelling, "Because you're such gross nerds!"
Dean pretended not to see that Cas was getting hard in his jeans and instead bent down and started to write, upside down, on Cas’s belly. It was a little tricky, since Cas was hunched forward a little and the small amount of fat on his stomach was rolling. Dean asked him to lean back, helping Cas get comfortable with his tied arms. Satisfied that Cas’s stomach was flatter now, he started to write again.
She poured them up into the glasses with some ice, some cherries and a little bit of seltzer water. They both looked much more appetizing that way, Cas had to admit.
So, this was not at all the trope or the ficlet I intended to post for you tonight, which is why this is so late. When I tried writing the other one, though, I just couldn't get Cas right. No matter how I changed his speech, it just felt wrong and not like him at all. Since that's never really happened to me before, I thought it was best if I tried something else for tonight. Hope you like this because it is
They probably would’ve continued sitting there making googly eyes at each other—if Dean had his way, at any rate—but Sam chose that moment to ask a question Dean hadn’t thought of.
“Very well done, indeed, Dean. You have put in a good day’s work for me.” She smiled at him fondly. “I will save this pie for you to take to the dormitory with you. Come back and get it after supper is over.” She laughed at his look of joy. “If you ever want to come back and work with me again, I will show you how to make filling,” she told him, with a final pat on the back. “See you after supper, Dean.”
So, 5 months since I last posted one of these? I'm the worst. Life, or whatever, has been happening. It does that. Anyway, if you thought I'd forgotten you and your prompts, you were incorrect. I still intend on writing more of them, as it happens. Unfortunately, I am not the word-churning machine I was when I did the first tropes challenge. However, I intend to work on that in the coming months, so hopefully next time will happen sooner than 5 months, but as some of you who write know, saying that almost guarantees that that won't be the case, so maybe I should shut up...
“Yeah, man, it’s great.” He ate another bite and made a happy face around it. “So, um,” he said before swallowing. “What else do we have to do today?”
“No, it is not the same. I come because I was told to and because I know I should. But I do not enjoy interacting with them, not the way you do. I do my best, but...  I know they sense my discomfort.” Cas shook his head. “From what you have told me, I think you have many reasons not to trust people or like them. And yet you do.” He sighed. “It is the opposite of me.”
He held out his arms and Cas, still smiling that same beautiful smile, fell into them. Whoever Castiel Novak was, he held on to Dean like he’d been waiting for him all his life instead of just six years. Though he was unkempt, he smelled clean, like fresh air and coconuts and the sea. His beard scratched at Dean’s face as they parted.
Dean’s nipples weren’t particularly an erogenous zone, more ticklish than arousing, which thankfully Cas picked up on fairly quickly. Then Castiel was dropping further and pressing wet kisses to his stomach, his hips and his thighs. Cas was on his knees then, looking up at Dean, hands stroking up and down Dean’s thighs. He pressed a single kiss to the end of Dean’s erection, flicking out his tongue to catch the fluid gathered there. Then he gave a cheeky grin and hopped up.
“I do. She’s a sixty-seven Impala. I had to take classes and everything to get certified, but she’s worth it. You’ll see.”
“I could do that for hours,” he whispered hoarsely in Dean’s ear. “You’re so responsive and eager, even after an orgasm. You’re amazing.”
“In other words, the first is not in any way contingent upon the second. You may accept one or both or neither, without any repercussions or hard feelings, all right?”
He took a deep breath—and then had it punched out of him by electric blue eyes, in a place where there wasn’t supposed to be any electricity. Dean couldn’t seem to look away from them. He was riveted to that gaze. He barely heard the words exchanged by the other man and the officers, barely heard the introduction that caused the blue eyed guy to shake his hand.
Dean laughed out loud, pleased. He’d programmed the phone with a few things before he’d sent it to Cas in preparation for the trip. It was a necessity because they couldn’t get service out here otherwise, but that didn’t mean he shouldn’t have a bit of fun with it, did it? He didn’t think so.
He forced himself away from Dean and gasped out his name. “We should get naked now. I’m not going to last much longer if we don’t take a break, anyway.”
Dean used humor against the moment, even though Cas’ praise made him want to lay the words in a pile, so he could curl up and roll around in them like a happy puppy. “I think you forgot devastatingly handsome, though,” he told Cas with an exaggerated wink before batting his eyelashes.
“Dean, sir. Dean Winchester.” Dean tried very hard not to notice just how well the man behind the desk filled out his ivory button down shirt or how chiseled his jaw was.
Dean was still awake, thinking about all the things he wasn’t supposed to think about, when Cas came to bed. Dean heard him climb into bed and then felt his eyes on him in the dark.
"Cas, that's—" He gasped then moaned and pressed backward, as Cas licked a stripe from taint to tailbone. "Fuck, that's so good."
“Later, I’d like to take my time with you. Open you up and make you scream and beg for more, until you’re flushed and sweating and incoherent.” Castiel was sweeping his gaze over Dean and stroking his cock languidly the whole time he spoke, making Dean’s own cock ache with need. “But it’s been too long and you’re too beautiful. I won’t last long this first time.”
She smiled and shook her head. “We won’t need your assistance tonight, Dean, though I thank you. However, if you have some time tomorrow, we could use a pair of hands to help make pie crusts.”
When the desserts had been set out, he went back inside to wash his hands. Standing alone in the kitchen, he made a quick decision and pulled out his phone. Before he could think better of it, he shot off a text to Cas. He had his phone on silent, so he wouldn’t know if Cas texted back and he promised himself he wouldn’t check until the party was over.
Apologizing to Dean was easier than he’d expected—though his face had bloomed red when he alluded to his “behavior afterward” since he knew everything that entailed. He was happy to see how Dean’s face lit up when he realized it was time to meet his brother. The joy was evident not only on his face, but in his posture and movements. He practically ran to meet Jacob’s arriving wagon, so anxious was he to be on their way.
“Okay,” he whispered. “I see a window over there. If there’s someone in the next room, stand back and leave the fighting to me unless you’re directly attacked.”
“Wake up, Sleeping Beauty,” Dean whispered as he leaned down. He brushed his lips over Cas’s, pleased that they were still as warm and soft as he remembered, if not responsive.
From the corner of his eye, Dean saw Crowley moving closer. He dipped his head to whisper in Cas’s ear. “Duh. I’m your new pretend boyfriend. Now go with it. Crowley’s coming this way.” He kissed Cas’s cheek as he pulled back, for good measure—and just because he’d wanted to do it for going on three years now.
“Dean,” Cas said as he retied his tie. “Report to your regular duties in the morning as usual, since I have to discuss my decision with my supervisor. When I am ready, I will send for you. Remember to address me as Mr. DeLourde during business hours.”
“Well, come on. That whole idea that we’re only friends because we had to live together, that runs both ways, you know? Would you really have given me the time of day if you hadn’t moved in here? I’m nothing special. I mean, you knew Bela only liked me for my car, but a lot of the others weren’t much better. A few of them just went out with me to make their dads mad or their ex-boyfriends jealous. They didn’t like
He flagged over the bartender, a lithe brunette with a lower back tattoo for someone named Jesse. She wasn’t the one who’d been serving them, but that was fine with Castiel. The redhead had been far too interested in Dean for Cas’s tastes.
Dean looked at him in surprise. “She does? Man, she’s good. She never let on she knew how you’re react, but she convinced me to tell you how I felt.”
“Let me show you,” Cas said and then quickly grabbed Dean by the shoulders and flipped him onto his back.
Dean grinned at him and Castiel felt himself being warmed by it. “I’m guessing making decisions isn’t really your strong suit, huh? Don’t worry. I can help you out with that, Cas, buddy.” His charge winked at him and Castiel felt himself flushing, unaccustomed to such mannerisms.
“Sorry, didn’t mean to linger like that. I know you guys don’t really do the whole touchy feely thing like Englishers.” He smiled at Cas, letting him know he wasn’t offended or judging or whatever thing Cas’ panicked eyes said he was afraid of.
Dean shrugged, pooching out his lips in a “Why not?” expression. Then he fisted his hand in Cas’s hair and pulled him close. Their lips met and fireworks exploded in Cas’s pelvic area. He made a noise low in his throat that he couldn’t have held in if his life had depended on it. Then Dean’s tongue swept onto the scene and Cas moved his hands from Dean’s shirt to his hair, latching onto great fistfuls of it as their mouths ravished each other.
Cas would have believed the cool smile and wave, if it weren’t for the shine of tears in Dean’s eyes and the catch in his voice on Cas’s name. He was frozen for a moment, his longing momentarily stealing his breath.
“Then stay with me.” Dean could no more have stopped those whispered words from coming out than he could stop the sun from setting. That didn’t mean he didn’t want to call them back the second they were out and he felt Cas go completely still. Instead, he dug a deeper hole by saying, “I love you, too. Please stay with me, Cas.” He took a deep, shuddering breath and said, “I’m sorry. I know I promised not to pressure you, but... seeing you here, knowing this could be our farm…”
Dean chuckled and Castiel smiled. “He did thank me, Dean. First thing. I am glad you both like it. Sam, you’d better go get packed, though. I’m afraid I delayed him,” he confessed to Dean.
Dean was in his room, listening to music on his headphones. He adjusted his back against the headboard, trying to get comfortable without having to move any pillows. The song lyric mentioned blue eyes and a smile spread across Dean’s face as he thought of Cas.
. I’m just a servant boy from nowhere.” His eyes were sad and sorry, as if he regretted things must be this way.
They rushed to the hallway that led to the elevators to the rooms, only for Dean to be momentarily cock-blocked by the slowest elevators in existence. When the light for up finally came on, they got on with several other people and then the contraption made its lazy way up the 18 floors to where Cas’ room was apparently located. Dean was proud of himself for managing to keep his hands off the hot brunet through all of that time, when he was privy to the excellent view that was Cas’ back, legs and backside in that warrior princess skirt.
“Sorry I’m in such a bad mood tonight. The Campbells, all that... it’s just got me thinking about how I ended up here in the first place, you know?” He hesitated with his cup close to his lips. “Not that I regret being here. I don’t. At all. But…” Castiel just looked at him as he finally sipped his drink. “I told you before that I started out breaking the law because Sam needed stuff, right?”
The gorgeous man took a deep breath and blew it out slowly. “Okay, let me start over. You’re hot so I asked a dumb question because hot guys make me nervous.” He ran a hand back through his hair. “I really, really need help. My neighbor’s dog chewed the shit out of my brother’s copy of
. He could smell Dean's intense arousal and it was like nothing he'd ever experienced before in his life. He pulled his mouth from Dean's neck and whipped him around so that his back was to Cas's chest.
Cas groaned. "It's mine! My own fault for letting myself ask him out in the first place, knowing my hormones were getting the better of me—"
Just as Dean had feared, admitting that they were both attracted to men made things more difficult between them over the next few days. Specifically, it made it harder for Dean to remember that they could only be friends. Now that he’d confessed that he was gay, Cas seemed less weighed down and it made him even more attractive and good to be around.
was more like it. Castiel finally relented. He slicked his fingers and then his aching, neglected cock. He tested Dean's theory by slipping first one, then two, then finally three fingers inside Dean's hole with no resistance whatsoever.
“All right, D, Cas, we have a really great weekend planned for you. Now, as you know, this is a nudist retreat, weather permitting. I’ll take you to your rooms so you can get undressed and then I’ll take you to meet with the others. You’ve been assigned—”
Cas lathered across his shoulders and down his back, then finally reached the globes of his ass. Strong fingers kneaded into the muscles and opened his cheeks, exposing him rhythmically. A soapy hand made clinical pass between Dean’s cheeks, just ghosting over his hole at first and concentrating on the skin to either side. Then Cas rinsed his hand and Dean’s ass and soaped up again. There was nothing particularly clinical about his movements now. And Dean’s puckered opening was not neglected in the slightest.
As the heat settled, he did feel a little calmer. He thought back to a week before, when he’d been planning to come home after pulling Cas’s plug and metaphorically pull his own. He still had the pills he’d been planning to take, sitting next to his bed. He went in and picked them up, looking at them as if for the first time. He took them to the medicine cabinet and put them back where they belonged.
In the face of Dean’s overwhelming beauty, everything else looked lackluster and dull. Flowers looked ugly and colors muted whenever Dean was in view beside them. Castiel could not help but stare at him, often and unabashedly—at least until he would get caught.
Cas gave him that smile that never failed to do things to Dean’s insides. Then he nodded. “You’re right. Let’s go get married.”
Cas looked at him, startled. Dean didn’t know if it was his sudden presence, the suddenness of the question or the question itself. “I don’t, um, I don’t do well in the kitchens. The cook yelled at me the last time I attempted to help her,” he admitted quietly.
“He, uh, he grabbed the little girl. Like, to use as bait to get the parents to stop running and let him take them out. He pretended like he wasn’t going to kill her anyway, but he’d already told me different.” Dean cleared his throat. “The father, um, he started talking to my dad. Distracted him enough that I was able to slip away. I had planned to just immobilize him with one of the tranq darts I had, but he got mad at the male werewolf and started to cut the girl with his silver knife.”
“So,” Dean continued, blowing out a breath he didn’t even know he’d been holding. “They told Bobby he could basically be a foster parent, but couldn’t be a permanent guardian or adopt us or anything.” Now anger filled Dean’s voice. “And some super helpful Samaritan at CPS –“ At Cas’ confused look, he explained, “Child protective services. Anyway, they put Sam’s name on a list of potential adoptees. Even though he
a date, huh?” Gabe looked at Dean and waggled his eyebrows. “Say, Deanie-Beanie, you got a brother or sister who's free tonight?”
“No. Honestly, Dean. I don’t. I was freaked out and I just... I acted like an asshole. I’m sorry. You already told me you liked... Cas. I know he’s not just some random.”
“I’m given to understand that you will have no trouble finishing this, despite the full meal you’ve just consumed.”
“They are, but Mam and Pap were more than happy to share last night’s leftovers with you. They like you. And your brother. She sent cheddar slices, too.” Castiel shrugged again, recognizing that it was a small thing in the face of Dean’s loneliness.
Dean moaned as their tongues collided and stroked each other. He pressed closer instinctively and accidentally brushed their cocks together. It shocked Dean into stillness but drew a long, growl of satisfaction from Cas. Dean immediately wanted to hear more of that noise, so he rolled his hips forward, seeking further contact. Cas made another noise, but Dean hardly heard it over the sound of his own moaning.
He watched Dean’s bright smile fall away as he saw Castiel’s own face, but he couldn’t let his pain show. He took a deep breath that did nothing to steady him and started talking.
He didn’t even give Dean a chance to register what was happening because he was so single-minded. Dean’s lips were even warmer than he remembered, and softer. When Dean’s tongue swept in, Cas thought nothing had ever felt so strange and wondrous at the same time. He clutched him closer and tried to mimic Dean’s movements with his mouth. As best as he could tell, Dean seemed to be enjoying all that he was doing.
? Wow. I don’t envy you,” Dean told him with a smirk. Then he seemed to remember himself. “Uh, sorry, I didn’t mean anything by it.”
“Yeah, she’s the best,” Dean agreed. He cleared his throat, shaking off the emotions that swam up. “You ready to go?”
Without looking at him, Dean started to unbutton his shirt, but Cas put out a hand and made him stop.
“In that case, yes, I would like to borrow your survival knife and I promise to be nice to your dick.”
“Of course it is. How did you know?” Then she squeezed her eyes shut briefly before turning to look out the window. “Sam.”
He pulled back, holding Cas face in his hands and studying it for confirmation. Cas smiled and it was the most beautiful thing Dean thought he'd ever seen.
"Hi, sorry, um, my friend," Cas rambled gesturing at his phone. "She texted, and... um, I have to go. I'm sorry. This was fun, but I really have to...." Cas stopped for a moment and seemed to hesitate, almost as if he wanted to kiss Dean, but then his eyes widened and he shook himself. "Yes, definitely need to get out of here. Um, see you, Dean."
“I suppose that makes sense.” He glanced up at the unassuming entrance to the crypt. “You don’t have to accompany me, if it’s too upsetting for you.”
Cas had a look on his face that Dean had never seen there before. It took him a moment to realize it was disgust. Cas was disgusted with him. Dean's heart dropped into his stomach, then his stomach hit the floor.
“Right now my only priority is to get you naked and make up for two years of us both being sad for nothing.”
He needn’t have worried, as it turned out. His phone call was met with a recording, stating that Gabriel was unavailable. Castiel hesitated, started to speak, then hung up without saying a word. He composed a message in his head, then dialed a second time.
“You got us dishes? Dude, that’s sweet! Like, we have actual apartment things for our actual apartment.” He grinned at Cas happily. “I mean, we don’t have the apartment yet, but we have dishes when we get there!”
The people they went to see took to Sam easily, but he did not have Dean’s instinctive ease with people. Castiel suspected it was his youth and innocent face that warmed people to him, rather than the kindness and charm that radiated from Dean. Still, he understood Sam’s position better than Dean’s and certainly did not judge him for it.
Dean was wary, but he tried his best to look excited. The food was all sort of chunky and shiny and he wasn’t sure how he felt about cold soup. Still, he had a chef to win over. He dipped his spoon in and drew up a hefty bite. He put it in his mouth and—after the initial weirdness of the cold and the texture—his taste buds took over and his eyes grew round in shock. He chewed and swallowed quickly.
“I want you to take me in your mouth, like the good little cocksucker you are, Dean. Suck, lick, play with my balls, all of it, but do
“Before the food had a chance to run out, I made a choice. I had a little money, but I wanted to save it. So I went to a convenience store that didn’t have security and I put a bunch of shit in my pockets. Power bars mostly. I bought a candy bar to make it look legit.” Dean stared into his empty mug, rolling it between his hands.
He stood there for a moment, head hung low, eyes closed. He took a deep breath and stepped into his bedroom. Thankfully, Starla was still dressed, lying only half-awake on his bed. This hadn’t been a good idea, even without Cas in the picture, he realized. He wiped a hand down his face.
Ahoy, mateys! Thar be smuts ahead! If that shiver ye timbers, p'rhaps wait to read till yer safe at sea, eh?
Dean’s grin got bigger. “Such as me giving you a mind-altering blowjob,” he said, proceeding to follow through on the suggestion.
Dean gave a shaky, breathless laugh. “Yeah, man! Of course I am. Feelings and relationships don’t turn out so good for me, you know.”
Dean ran to the window, where he could see that other places around the block still had power. He knew he had candles, but he was equally sure he couldn’t find the box with them or his flashlight in the dark. He used the light from his phone to guide him to the couch and he sat down heavily.
“Angels teleport. We don’t need to snap our fingers. Dean, again I’m sorry. As my brother said, I will be in touch as soon as I can, all right?”
Dean laughed for real at that. “There is no part of telling your best friend ‘Too late, I already saw you choking the chicken’ that will be ‘cool,’ Sam, I promise you that.”
“So if it’s not that you’re straight, what’s the deal, Cassie? I mean, if you don’t mind me askin’.”
Dean had had his share of kisses. Truth be told, he’d had a few other people’s shares of kisses as well. This kiss with Cas, though. Hands down it was the best one ever. Their mouths just fit perfectly together. Castiel knew just when to move and how and for how long.
Back at home, it took him a good twenty minutes to get everything put away. Part of that was because he tried to keep the options for tonight’s dinner closer at hand and he’d had to keep rearranging and part of it was because he was deliberately being fussy because it distracted him.
It took him a while to notice that Dean’s breathing had yet to even out. When he did, for some reason it made his heart start to pound even faster. Cas shifted onto his side, facing away from Dean. He had thought it would help him being able to stop focus on wanting Dean, but instead it just shifted his focus from wanting to touch Dean to wanting Dean to touch him. The idea of Dean spooning him was suddenly all he could think about.
He’d been there about a week when his mail cart took him into the office of one Castiel A. DeLourde. Dean wasn’t sure what DeLourde did, exactly, but he’d heard whispers about how ruthless he could be. Dean wasn’t intimidated, exactly, but he certainly hoped to make a good impression. Dean hoped to work on his floor one day, with the rest of middle management—although Castiel seemed to be above that level, but had somehow been left with the underlings.
Other men, when they reached maturity, would take over making decisions, but Castiel would not be a leader of any kind. He would do what he was supposed to do and nothing more. He would continue to let others decide what he did with his days. When left to his own devices, he rarely knew what to do. He wasn’t interested in taking a wife, like the others his age. So he didn’t spend his time pining for one of the girls in the village or thinking the thoughts that got the other boys into trouble if they acted upon them.
Dean cleared his throat. He hadn’t told Jacob or even Cas about this part. Sam was the only one who knew and he wasn’t here. Dean’s hand shook as he pulled a couple of sheets of notebook paper out of his pocket.
Dean smiled and kissed Cas’s forehead. “Pumpkin, don’t be silly. I couldn’t be mad at you. Besides, if you say it’s unimportant, I believe you.” He spoke to Crowley without looking at him. “Nice to meet you, Crawley. Unfortunately, we were just about to head out.”
He tried to focus on the task at hand, but his mind kept wandering back to that kiss. Or, when his brain decided to take darker turns, he worried about Cas’s conversation with Daphne. How it was going. Whether she could change Cas’s mind and make him stay with her because Dean was a loser who didn’t deserve nice things.
“Good. Turn around please, and assume that position you tried to start out in. And close your eyes this time.”
“If Castiel returns to us, then you will be welcome to visit him,” Jacob said, turning toward the front again.
By the time they’d both come, Dean’s chest was covered in glistening drops of semen and sweat and Cas’s hair was plastered to his head with sweat. He rolled his hips forward one last time into Dean’s prostate before he lost his erection, just for the whine he knew Dean would give. Then he kissed Dean firmly, grinning as he pulled out at last.
Dean was pretty sure his heart had just escaped his body, washed out on a wave of pure adrenaline. Because of all the ways he had imagined this day might go, this was not one of them. A super hot Amazon cross-player inviting him for afternoon sex had not been on the itinerary, but he was more than happy to sign up for that particular convention event.
? Castiel pictured Dean opening his eyes and turning toward him with a lust-filled smile, calling him by the shortened version of his name and reaching out to take his -
Just when the kiss might have spiraled out of control, they were shifted again, breaking them apart and putting them back upright. Their joint panting was loud in the enclosed space, but Dean couldn’t find his voice to speak and apparently Castiel felt the same—or just had nothing to say.
Sam pulled himself together almost instantly at that, clearly realizing what was at stake. “Yeah, Dean, sorry. Um, I guess we track your phone, huh? Then I’ll call the Coast Guard and let ‘em know where you are.”
, ovaried up and asked Cass on an actual date and Cass—to Deanna’s continued amazement—had said yes.
All at once, Dean’s laughter seemed to dry up. Not because Cas was giving him a death glare. Not because he felt bad that Cas’s skin had change colors temporarily. No, he sobered up in an instant because in an instant, he realized denial wasn’t an option anymore.
Cas looked over to see Bobby facing away from them, still walking to the car. Then he surged forward and pulled Dean into a kiss that ended in a hug. “I love you, Dean Winchester. I love you so much,” he said against Dean neck.
Happy New Year, my darlings. May your 2016 be as joyous and lovely as you all deserve. I love you all so much ♥
In the distance, no louder than the nearby buzzing of a bee, he could hear families talking, birds chirping, traffic, and the occasional splash of a duck searching for food. The wind felt like a caress against the bare skin of his legs as it made the fine hairs there dance and sway.
Dean sped up his hand, unable to hold himself back. It all felt too good. As Cas pounded into him, Dean stroked so hard and fast his arm burned, but he didn’t care. Didn’t stop. He felt the orgasm building and it felt somehow bigger than all previous orgasms. As if it started deeper inside him and was spreading further.
"Oh contrary, my little sibling. I used to be the Alpha-est Alpha to ever Alpha. I was all about it. I loved dating Omegas and challenging other Als and just doing all that cheeky shit." He sniffed. "Then I met Kali. The most perfect woman I've ever met in my life. And she was into me too, right from the jump. Thing was, she was an Alpha too. My hormones reacted to her in a way they never had before to anybody. I didn't care if I knotted her—
He wasn’t out of breath when he answered. Bobby was not the type to rush for the phone. Either it was still ringing when he reached it at a leisurely pace or it wasn’t. He would be unconcerned, either way. Urgent calls would be repeated and non-urgent calls were well missed.
Sam let out a breath. “Yeah. I mean, I’m disappointed, but I kinda figured. I was actually surprised you even considered it,” he admitted with a half-smile.
“Sweetie, most of the time what you feel is more important than what other people think.” Mary pushed him away from her gently. “He won’t hate you, Dean. I can’t promise you he feels the same way, but I know he won’t hate you.” She kissed him on top of the head, having to stand on her tip toes and pull him down to do it. “Either way, you need to apologize. Because what he heard just now was that you don’t think of him as family and he needs to know that’s not true.”
When he was ready to come up for air, he did as Cas had asked, biting and kissing at pecks and shoulders and nipples and stomach along the way. Cas kicked off his own shoes and then toed off his socks, but he waited for Dean to unbutton and remove his pants. Finally, the underwear was gone and their cocks were both bobbing free.
“It is Amish custom during rumspringa for teens to set aside the Amish ways for a short time before they choose whether to commit themselves to this way of life.” He flicked a look at Dean before he took the first of the steps up to the dormitory. “Not all villages encourage it, but this one does. Some do not leave their community at all, but we are required to do so, for at least a short time.”
If he had been living in a movie, when he got back into the main room, Cas would have woken up after that impassioned speech and be staring at him. He hadn’t really expected it, but when he got back to find Cas’s eyes still closed, he realized he had hoped. Still, he didn’t let it discourage him. If it had been going to happen overnight, it already would have.
“You have to try the pie tonight, dude. She didn’t give me an extra one this time, unfortunately, but it’s a good one. I forget what kind of berries they are, but they taste amazing,” Dean said, smiling politely at the girls who still hadn’t given up on trying to catch Cas’ attention.
Cas was more determined than ever to put his plan in motion and try to revive their dimming passion, the only way he knew how.
Gabriel squeezed his hand and then got up to take his glass into the kitchen. When he came back, he changed the subject. They talked about everything that had happened between when Gabriel left and the present—with the exception of the circumstances surrounding Gabriel’s actual departure, which were still too painful for them both.
Dean Winchester was a mysterious bad boy no one knew much about, who came from the poor side of town and tried to remain invisible unless someone was starting trouble he felt like ending.
“Coming, Dean!” Sam called from where he’d been playing with Bobby’s new dog. Bobby said he had decided he wanted a watch dog, but Dean suspected he wanted a companion around now that Cas and Dean were moving out.
As they trundled down the road, Sam could talk about nothing else. “Do you think you’re gonna do it, Dean? I mean, it would be so awesome for you to come back!”
Cas started tearing small pieces off of his bread. "I assumed you hated me. I couldn't take finding out. I was so scared of how you'd react if I reached out, or if we saw each other... I thought even if you weren't angry that you'd probably stopped loving me that day—or soon after. Honestly, I was going to leave you alone while I was here now. I only came back because of... did I tell you about my aunt?"
?!” the man exclaimed, coming awake suddenly and jerking hard enough that Dean almost lost his pick.
“Oh, that’s plenty of time.” Cas’s smile seemed like that of a tiger spotting prey. “More than enough.”
“Need a shower,” he grumbled, snatching up some clothes from his duffle. Ordinarily, he’d just walk out in his towel, but he wasn’t feeling being naked around Cas right now.
Dean stood up, combing a hand through his hair in obvious frustration. He began to pace as he talked.
Cas stuck his tongue out, a gesture he had learned from Sam. Dean belly laughed and his eyes sparkled in a way that Castiel wanted to paint and hang on the wall. It was a new sensation for him, but one he found he did not mind.
“I believe I would like that, Dean,” Cas interrupted quietly. Then he set aside his fork for a second. “However, perhaps I should think about it first before I give you a definite answer?”
to do, aside from running errands and rare family obligations, he was usually quick to respond. He was also pretty good at telling Dean if he had to go do something and couldn’t talk just then.
Dean did his best to put the kiss far out of his head. He’d never intended for it to happen and he was not willing to risk his friendship with Cas over a second one—no matter how mindblowingly good the first one was. The morning after it happened had been one of the worst for Dean in recent memory—since he’d left juvie to go live with Cas in the first place.
He sat for a moment, looking around. This world had been his home for so long and yet it seemed less real than his life with Dean in the apartment. He thought perhaps he had only been half alive when he’d been here in the village. He took a deep breath and stepped down from the wagon. He secured it to the post and made his way to the door of his former home. He knocked softly, unsure if either of his guardians would be home at all.
"I know you were hoping that I would return with better news. I suppose you think perhaps that it is the strength of my feelings that I question." He shook his head, trying to find the right words. "As difficult as you know decision-making has always been for me, I expect it may seem that I am still trying to choose between you and living plain."
"Dude, if you're about to break my heart, I want my $9.95 a minute back," Dean said, the hitch in his phone belying his bravado.
Today is a little better? But love me anyway, just in case. ♥ (And, hey, tell your friends about me?)
“I know what I said. I just can’t believe you aren’t going to apologize. I had hoped that, after all this time, you’d have grown up enough to be sorry for what you did. You were my best friend. How could you—” Cas stopped and shook his head, lips pressed together.
Cas rolled his eyes. In a gesture he’d learned years before from his shortest brother, he made a swirling motion around his face with one finger. “Uh, psychic, remember?” The pot made it seem as if he could actually see the sarcasm drip from his own lips. He licked them and watched as the green-eyed man’s eyes tracked the movement. Then the man was awash with yet more shame.
Cas was so focused on his disappointment and his desire to get home so he could take care of his raging erection, that he failed to see the man who walked through the doorway on the other side of the room, eyes glued to Cas. If he had, he’d have recognized his green-eyed best friend and the object of his recurring fantasy.
“Oh, well, why didn’t you say so?” Cas asked, moving a book onto the shelf at a glacial pace while staring MHBD in the eye.
“I do not foresee a problem with Jacob. I certainly don’t mind. I welcome your brother’s visits. He is a pleasure to be around.” Cas’ said it matter-of-factly, as if he didn’t know how much it meant to Dean for Cas to care about Sam.
They continued staring at each other after it was over, as each came down from his bliss. Then Cas finally broke the spell by cupping Dean’s face with one hand and kissing him again. This one was gentler, but not less stirring. It just so happened to stir Dean’s heart more than his crotch this time.
“Mom!” Sam cried as the car pulled to a stop and he threw open his door. “Cas and Dean are being super weird!”
When the judge and Jacob were gone, Bobby showed Cas around the place, with Dean tagging along and pointing out places he used to hang out when he was a kid. Bobby showed Cas exactly where he wanted to start with the repairs and he and Cas talked carpentry for several minutes while Dean looked over the shop to see what had changed. He was excited about starting to work, but also a little scared. Not as scared as he would have been once, though.
They were out window shopping one Saturday when Dean saw a good deal on a used television. He’d meant to get one sooner, but they’d found other ways to occupy their time thus far. Since this one was so cheap, though, he could resist. He called and got just the basic cable channels, too.
Sam groaned and Cas grinned broadly at the sound, finally releasing him. "I love you guys," he said to all three of them.
“Dean, I have wanted this for so long. Even before I really understood what I was feeling. It took me having intercourse with—”
(Also, kinda proud of myself for making it over 2 weeks without missing a day! Now let's see if I can manage 15 more days!)
“Right? That’s what I was hoping.” He walked over to the window and looked out. “Doesn’t look like it’s coming down as hard right now. It’s not far, anyway, so I say we risk it.”
Dean felt himself blush again, but resisted the urge to duck his head or drop his gaze. Instead, he ran his hands over himself. “Yeah? You like all this?” he asked, going for cocky, but ending up somewhere closer to desperately in need of reassurance.
“Yes,” Cas murmured, nuzzling Dean’s neck. “You really are infuriatingly attractive, Dean. Add funny and smart to that and it’s a heady combination. This afternoon,” Cas said before sucking Dean’s earlobe into his mouth and biting gently. “Has been very pleasurable indeed,” he finished, breath warming Dean’s ear and sending goose bumps in all directions.
Dean sighed. Obviously, things had not improved since the last time he’d spoken with Castiel Novak. He forced a friendly smile onto his face and into his voice.
Of course, he’d always liked people. Well, okay, no. People were dicks, mostly. He was a social person who needed interaction and it kinda sucked that life had given him so many reasons not to trust people. But he liked getting to know an individual person, getting them to like him, doing things to help them.
Castiel smirked. “I admit the circumstances are not ideal. Did you choose this or was it chosen for you?”
Cas nodded. “That is all right, Dean. If it is meant to happen, it will.” What he meant by that was, if they were able to find a place in that area, then he would take it as a sign that allowing himself to be with Dean during his time in the city was something he should do. If they could not find a place there, he would not try to be with Dean as more than friends.
He had visitation today with a couple of people and he was happy about that. He enjoyed the visiting, anyway, but there was the bonus that Cas still showed up, most of the time. Cas would do that with other chores occasionally—just show up and pitch in, with no explanation—but the visiting was the main one he seemed unable to let go of.
“Yeah, Bobby, sorry. Cas isn’t back yet. I’m kinda worried he got caught in the storm or something,” he lied.
Dean looked shocked and then pleased and then shy. He blushed over every bit of skin Cas could see, including his hands.
“No, Dean. Don’t worry,” Cas said bitterly. “I’m still at full power, so I’ll still be of use to you on cases.”
They sat quietly and sipped their drinks for a full minute before Gabriel said, “So. I don’t want to piss you off or anything, but, uh... are you and Dean, like... together?”
Cas’s brain was really too hazy to know what Dean meant, but he said, “Yes.” Whatever Dean wanted, Cas wanted it too.
, Cas. So goddamn good. Need more, baby.” Dean knew he was babbling a little, but it scarcely bothered him.
acting a lot like he had back in that brothel back in the days pre-Apocalypse. Dean counted it as somewhat of a win, even if he’d rather have had a much different reaction from Cas to his nakedness. Or wouldn’t rather. Because he didn’t feel that way. Right. He needed to remember that. He turned back to the counter.
Jacob nodded as he pulled the wagon to a stop. “I heard as much from Rufus Turner.” He got out of the wagon and waited for them to follow suit.
"Cool. So, um, Cas---that's his name. Or at least what I call him. It's actually Castiel. Pretty great name, right? Um. So, Cas... I know this has taken way too long and I know you've probably noticed I've been... what I mean is...." Dean stopped for a steadying breath. "Cas, you're the best thing that's ever happened to me. From the first second I heard that damned sex voice, I was a goner. There's no one else I'd rather be with, now or when I'm 80. So, I'm sorry it took me so long to get here, but... will you marry me?"
"I'd planned to add selfies to my phone sex service for the evening, but you spoiled my plans. Do you like it?"
Cas looked uncomfortable. He cleared his throat. “I’ve never been...intimate with anyone. If I had trusted you and it turned out you would kill angels, I’d rather have died for the truth than have had to keep living with the knowledge that I’d allowed such intimacy with someone capable of such hateful things.”
He’d forgotten to get fresh clothes, so he stepped out covered only in a towel and padded to the cabinets. Cas was in the front room where the clothes were kept, reading a book. Dean stepped past him and opened a door.
“I think you’ve gotten pretty damn good at wood carving in the last few months, boy. He’ll love it.” Bobby motioned him toward the door. “Come on, gimme a hand now and after lunch I’ll get you some of Castiel’s shellac for it. I wanna talk to you about something before they come back.”
dollars.” She sipped her tea and then pointed at him with her fork. “That’s more than you ever get, am I right?”
Five positions and six slices of cake later, Dean realized a couple of things. The first was that they needed to call Sam about the case. The other was that they should probably investigate the case so they’d have something to report to Sam the next time.
Soon after, Castiel suggested that they needed to be going, in order to get Dean to the kitchens. Jacob invited them to get in the wagon and let him drive them. “I’ve business soon on the other side of the community, so it is on my way. Castiel, are you going to the kitchens too?” Jacob knew of his lack of aptitude for cooking and there was surprise in his voice.
“Don’t know much about God, aside from the fact that I don’t see him around much,” Dean said with a smirk. “But I don’t mind helping people. I used to be good at it, once upon a time.”
my best friend, however... I would very much like it if... well, if we could be more than that.” Cas, who had been staring at Dean’s chest, or maybe his name tag, suddenly made eye contact with Dean. Chuck knew those piercing blue eyes could really stun you. People had said the same about his own eyes, but he wasn’t so sure anyone could stare a hole through someone like Cas.
Cas had been gone a long time already. Dean hadn’t received a single text from him yet. It wasn’t really worrisome. Who knew when Daphne had been due off of work, after all. There was nothing to say she’d been on her way to Cas’s when she called. Still, his brain said it was all taking too long and must be going badly.
The next time Dean woke up, he was alone. He would’ve freaked out, except he could hear the shower running. He rolled onto his back and looked up at the ever-brightening sky. He could just see the beginnings of a sunrise off to his right when he looked around. He was surprised by how well-rested he felt for so early, until he considered how early they’d gone to bed. Double sexual workout or not, it had definitely been well before his usual bedtime.
He went into the kitchen he and Cas had shared as husbands for too short a time and took down the bottle of whiskey. It was too early in the day, but Dean didn’t care. He poured himself just a small bit and downed it like a shot. He let the burn do its magic. He wasn’t looking to get drunk. He just needed the nerve-calming affects that had once made brandy such a popular drink.
That gravelly voice may as well have been a vibrating cock ring for the effect it had on Dean’s dick.
He was smiling at Cas, touching his face with his hand, but then his hand faltered and so did his smile. Castiel saw his lip tremble and his stomach dropped.
“I called her on my way here and told her we needed to talk when she gets home from work. I’m going to end things with her. If you’ll have me, Dean, I want to be with you.”
Cas lay awake for a long time that night, listening to the sounds of the apartment. Sam had fallen asleep with the television on and occasionally snippets of conversation from the show he’d been watching drifted through.
Dean had never had anyone watch him strip before, at least not like this. Cas’ eyes tracked his every movement, yet still stayed locked with Dean’s often enough that Dean felt a flush begin to rise in his skin. Cas’ pupils were darkening with every article of clothing Dean took off, but, aside from the occasional lip lick or palm rubbed against his crotch, he didn’t move while Dean got undressed.
By the time he’d gotten everything he wanted, he’d stocked his cupboards for a couple of weeks, as well as come up with three alternatives for a fancy home cooked meal for that night with Cas. He bought some candles and some nicer wine than what he’d already gotten to cook with, since he was apparently a complete sap who’d only been masquerading as a tough guy while he waited for his prince to come along. Or some other fairytale bullshit like that, he tacked onto his internal monologue to make himself feel a little better.
Dean flushed with embarrassment and then pride. “How about gorgeous?” he asked breathily. “That a good enough word for you?” He looked Castiel up and down again. “I’m not sure it is.”
It was a little strange, having hot chocolate with the two of them. He’d only ever shared it with either of them alone or with Sam. It was pleasant, even if Bobby looked like he was learning entirely too much about how Dean felt about Cas for Dean’s liking. When they headed to bed for real, Bobby looked like he might say something to Dean, but he shook his head and took them upstairs.
Dean grabbed Cas’ hand and all but dragged him down the hall as fast as his bowlegs could carry them.
“So, when you go out into the world and stuff, do you, um…” Sam dropped his eyes back to his oatmeal. “Do you think maybe you could come visit me?”
Castiel glanced back at Dean to see him smiling, eyes shiny with emotion. “Yeah, guess not,” Dean said softly.
Cas squinted at him, obviously trying to find the lie he was sure was there. Dean stared back, impassive. Cas frowned. Dean blinked. Cas squinted harder and his mouth firmed into something more determined. Before Dean could hope to stop him or move out of the way, he reached out and grabbed Dean by the wrist. Cas’s eyes went wide and he dropped Dean’s hand before disappearing. Not before Dean had seen him turn bright red, though.
"I shouldn't have made you leave," Dean blurted. "I should have yelled. Or made you stay somewhere else for a few days maybe. But I should never have kicked you out. I reacted purely on instinct. We should have talked it out."
“Nineteen. And shut up,” Dean said, but he smiled when he looked out his window to see what traffic was coming. “How old are you?”
Dean could see the moment Cas realized just what he'd said, what he'd just done, but it was too late. Dean dropped his gaze, unable to look at Cas another second. His heart felt like a block of ice when he pointed at the door.
used to it. He couldn’t keep Dean. He couldn’t even have him in the way that he wanted him. His heart ached. He longed to go into the bedroom and kiss Dean again.
“Yeah, we’re actually heading out to buy all the mattresses as soon as you guys head home,” Dean told her.
I HAVE MISSED YOU ALL SO MANY! I know I saw some of you on Plain English, but not all & since that's usually only once a week, not to mention a lot angstier than these cheesy nummies, I've missed our fun comment conversations. I hope you're all doing well. Feel free to tell me how you are or send me a message on tumblr and tell me there. *schmoops* ♥
The air conditioner had been off for long enough that Dean was starting to be thankful for his lack of shirt. He noticed Cas was starting to develop a sheen of sweat on his face. No surprise, then, when Cas closed his case and slid off his jacket. They had both made their way to the floor while eating, but they were maintaining separate sides of the elevator for now.
He said it nonchalantly, but Dean could tell how much the prospect still scared him. An idea came to him then and he was afraid to voice it, but he couldn’t
Cas looked warily at Dean, realizing how vulnerable it would make Dean feel to have a hand on his throat like that and how much trust it would take. He made no move to raise his hand, until Dean raised his gaze to meet Cas’s and gave a quick, tight nod. Cas’s eyes widened, but he lifted his hand.
Cas may not have known why he started telling Dean his secrets, but by the time he was done, he was pretty sure he knew why he’d continued talking once he’d started. On Dean’s face, he had seen curious interest in what Cas was saying, and maybe mild concern for Cas’s well-being—but no pity and definitely no disgust.
Oh, right. Cas didn’t know yet that Lisa had dumped him. The fact he’d forgotten to mention it sort of proved her point about his not being invested, he supposed. He hadn’t meant to use her. He’d really intended to try and give it a real shot, get over Cas. Hadn’t really worked, though.
“What I’d like is a beer or something, but no thanks on the chocolate. I appreciate it, though.” He did get up, though, and get himself some milk. Castiel declined his offer. He sipped his cold chocolate, which he rather liked.
Before Dean could react, Sam groaned. “I take it back. You’re both lame and deserve each other. Let me know when you need help with picking out China patterns.” He grabbed a book and started reading it, ignoring the ‘lame” older people in the front seat.
Cas was surprised by how much reference the music had to religious themes. There was one about Heaven and another about holy things. Some were very sexual in nature, which made him mildly uncomfortable, but he quite enjoyed one about a levee.
Cas glared at him with a flat expression that rivaled even Sam’s deadpan look. “And just how do you propose I get home, then?”
Speaking of Cas, Dean had yet to see him. Since he was living in the bunker pretty much all the time, Dean was a little surprised he wasn’t the first one here. The guy loved eggnog—molecule taste or not—and one of his favorite things was debunking all their Christmas customs.
Cas’ eyes crinkled, but otherwise, he hid his amusement well. “And so incredibly modest, as well.” He finished his new drink rather quickly. “Do you have your own room or would you rather we used mine?”
Dean continued to ride Cas, finding an angle that rubbed his prostate and after a very short time, his own cock was back in the game. He was a little surprised, but he wasn’t going to complain.
Cas dropped his eyes and seemed to redden slightly, but he said, “It was very enjoyable, thank you.”
“All right, looks like we’re here,” Dean said, pulling up to the building. “You sure you wanna do this?”
“If it means I can leave this conversation, I’m happy to,” Sam grumbled. He snatched the flowers from Dean’s hand and stalked off toward the kitchen.
The next day, Dean called Bobby again and not only confirmed he would be willing to sign the lease papers, but also made sure it would be all right for Dean and Cas to stay with him for a few days until they found the right apartment.
Dean led the way to the abandoned bleachers on the southside of the school. He ducked under them and Cas followed. Dean cleared his throat and read what was written on the paper.
Cas looked at Dean’s flaccid dick with one raised eyebrow, then looked back at Dean, transforming his expression into one of uber-enthusiasm. “That’s the spirit! Think positive!” He turned back to Dean’s penis and said, “You can do it, boy! You can be big like the others!”
Sales Associate Castiel went into a lengthy explanation of pixels, LCD versus LED versus Plasma and a bunch of other specifications. Dean was going back and forth between the chat window and the TV spec comparison lists.
"Let's try that one next, whaddya say?" Dean didn't know why, but he wanted a break from the paper ads. They just didn't seem to be worth the time, either too run down, too expensive or already rented by the time they arrived.
He still didn’t know what sort of creature Castiel was, but he knew the guy wasn’t human. For one thing, he was pretty sure the man never actually slept. For another, it was pretty obvious—if you knew the signs, at least—that the Count didn’t actually need the food he ate. He ate when he was told it was meal time, but otherwise never seemed to think of it. Dean had tested the theory once, going a whole day without telling Cas it was time to eat, and the Count had never noticed.
Sam huffed a laugh. “Yeah.” He sobered. “Do we really need to find a cure? I mean, would having a soul mate be such a terrible thing?”
“Dean, I have been instructed to confiscate your cell phone. If you need to make a phone call while you are here, Castiel can show you where the phone is. I will allow you to write down your contacts, if necessary. We understand that this week will be difficult, so we do not begrudge you your time speaking with friends and family. However, after this week, please use the phone sparingly, as we do not make a lot of English money with which to pay high phone bills.”
They stuck to lighter subjects for the rest of the time it took Dean to cook and after a few minutes, Cas even came up and pressed a kiss to the back of his head and leaned on him while he put items into the sauce pot. Dean’s chest relaxed after a while and stopped feeling so tight and awful.
The boys followed him to the woodshed and he showed them what he would be doing. With their help, he got started and found the work was going much more quickly than he’d dared hope. Both Sam and Dean were naturally good with carpentry and by the time they needed to leave to go visiting, he could barely tell their work from his own.
So I haven't had very much time to write or post and this chapter is kind of short compared to the others, but I wanted to get you guys
Dean groaned inwardly. He didn’t know why his dad—A.K.A “Manly Man”—insisted on either the dumb nicknames or the stupid over the top speech.
Before he left, Gerda told him she would miss him when he left. She suggested he consider staying and he smiled at her. A big part of him was so tempted, especially since he knew Cas would be here. He didn’t think he could do it, though. He’d get caught kissing Cas for sure, if Cas followed through on his promise for while they were in the city. Dean didn’t think he’d be able to stop once they started, if they stayed close enough to touch.
Bobby barked a laughed. “I been friends with Rufus Turner for decades and he won’t listen to a single word I say! I like this Davidson, though. Sounds like he knows what’s what. Always did try to tell you that you were a good kid, boy,” Bobby reminded him gruffly. “Not that you ever listened any better than Rufus, pigheaded moron that you are.”
“Cas, in no way do I think you’re stupid. Do I want to do more? Of course I do. I love touching you. It’s fantastic. But you’re not ready. If you did it anyway, you wouldn’t enjoy it and neither would I. I only want it if
Cas stared for another minute, then started blushing. “I’m sorry. Was inappropriate for me to suggest. I leave you to bathing.” She turned to go, taking the bag in her hands with her.
“Wow. That was... I honestly may be sick. You two are as dumb as hammers with no heads.” Gabriel’s chipper was wearing off already, it seemed.
“Feel it too, Cas. Never wanted anybody like this. Never been this hard without even being touched.”
“Okay, well here’s the bad news. There was some kind of problem with the construction next door and they drilled into our space, taking out our backup generator. The emergency lights are on a different generator, so they’re working, but that’s all we got. Plus, since they blew a transformer putting too much juice on the drill in the first place, we’ve got a full external power outage.”
“Oh! That’s lovely. Husband, then,” Ava corrected with a wink. “Even better.” She waved at a naked man who was walking down the hallway. “Hi, Mortie! Got a couple newbies for your class today!”
situation. And despite how much he loved her and how easily they worked as a couple, he knew now that what he felt was not romantic love. He wasn’t in love with her. Hell, he was pretty sure she wasn’t in love with him either.
That night, as he lay curled up against Dean’s side in post-coital bliss, Cas reflected that he’d never been happier to see Gabriel get a promotion.
“If they what, Cas?” Dean thought he knew, but he wanted to hear it, even though it did him no good.
When they pulled apart, Cas looked as dazed and confused as Chuck did whenever Andy came over with the good stuff.
“Yeah, right at a month. Then I’m free and clear.” Dean waited a beat and then rushed ahead. “You, uh, still got that job available?”
His hips were then tilted slightly as Cas pulled out and thrust in again, this time nailing a spot inside him that had him shaking and making involuntary noises at the intensity of the pleasure coursing through him. He wanted more of that. He rolled his hips forward and thrust them back, trying to get more of that cock and more quickly.
Dean nearly came when Cas’s soapy, perfect grip slid over his shaft and his other hand slipped over, under, and around his balls. Only Cas whispering in his ear and asking him not to kept it from happening. Normally, he had good stamina. In fact, sometimes lately, it had been harder to have an orgasm and he’d been lasting almost
“Come for me, angel,” Dean gasped out as he rocked into Cas with even more force and speed, stroking Cas’s cock with his hand.
The last thing Dean expected—or wanted—to see was a naked Ed Zeddmore sitting cross-legged on the floor next to his equally nude man-friend. Dean suspected Ed probably felt similarly about him and Cas, but other than a widening of his eyes, Ed gave no indication he knew who Dean and Cas were, for which Dean was grateful.
It wasn’t that strange for men to take off their shirts in front of other men, Castiel knew that. He often passed farm hands who were stripped to the waist. However, he’d grown up in two very modest households where they never saw one another unclothed to any degree. Besides which, the reactions he had to Dean were not like the ones he had to anyone else. It was Dean’s naked torso specifically that was the true problem.
She just looked at him in confusion and tried to kiss his neck, getting a mouthful of shirt instead. “What? Why, Dean-baby? I thought we were gonna have some fun!” Each word was punctuated with a finger walking up his shirt and then she giggled and stumbled, almost bringing them both down.
“Yes, I do, man!” It was as if a dam had burst somewhere inside him, letting loose everything he’d been holding back for so long. “You said it. We both feel it. I’ve fought a million things most people might die just from
“Well, if you plan to pursue something with this Cas guy—and I’m not sure you should after the way he treated you—then I guess you have to move out.” She sighed. “That’s going to suck.”
The doctor was quiet for a beat. “Mr. Winchester, do you have power of attorney for Mr. Novak, in the event that he is incapacitated?” Her voice was calm, like she knew the answer.
“We should probably stop,” he whispered, in between pants for breath, unable to pull his eyes away from Cas’ wet, swollen mouth long enough to make eye contact.
“Nah, I didn’t do anything, really. She’s a little sweetheart.” Dean ducked his head, a blush evident on his cheeks.
“I can’t believe we both used to have the same sex dream!” Dean was grinning and stuffing fries into his mouth immediately after he said it. He took a long swallow of beer before he spoke again. “I can’t believe how much we have in common, period. It’s pretty crazy. And to think you’ve been living right next door this whole damn time.”
it has come to my attention that i have thus far left you utterly smutless and for that i apologize. for this reason, today’s trope is going to be sex pollen au. this is your final warning.
“Well, what could she say?” Mary asked. “Jo took off without saying anything. Just left a note on her bed. Guess she knew what Ellen would say if she got the chance, and she didn’t want to hear it.”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa! Easy there, tiger,” said a slightly southern voice from Cas’s left. “I don’t think the librarian was trying to offend you, Jones. He was just quoting the book you picked out.” Cas’s broad shouldered savior nodded at the copy of
Cas cocked an eyebrow. “And just what do you propose we do with our time?” he asked huskily, scooting closer to Dean.
Castiel would never answer. He would always turn tail and run the other direction, hiding out for the next few hours until his embarrassment had cooled again.
“Cas, he’s a womanizer. He’s slept with half the women in the midwest. I’ve never seen him hit on a guy—”
Dean balked at that, since it meant stepping deep into Cas’s personal space and wrapping an arm around him, but he saw no choice. He swallowed hard and moved forward, pressing his palm lightly against the small of Cas’s back, in a gesture he couldn’t help but think of as intimate.
Dean was looking around when he came back out, taking in his new surroundings. “Here you are, Dean. It’s a roast beef sandwich and I convinced her to give you a slice of pie as well.”
His super was halfway in the middle of an apology when there was an ominous creaking sound above him, followed by another crash, as the ceiling above the couch collapsed and an actual wheelbarrow landed on his couch.
Dean grinned and shrugged, sinking down slowly onto Cas’s shaft. “Got myself prepped after my shower. Not like it’s a lot of work anymore. My body just wants to open up whenever you’re around.”
Cas tamped down his irrational desire to jab his fork into the waitress and did his best to smile at Dean. “You go first.”
Dean held up a placating hand. “Hey, hey, wait, Cas, that’s not what I....” Dean sighed heavily. “I didn’t mean it in a bad way, man. I meant... you’re pretty fucking special, that’s all.”
The man, whose eyes were a brilliant green, Castiel noted, gestured toward the door. “Come on, Sammy, you heard him, it’s okay.”
I know, I'm a mean bastard. Don't worry. There's more sexy times in the next chapter. Not sure if there's one chapter left or two, but hopefully I will get them updated sooner than two weeks. Speak to me of your cheese fetish and your lactose intolerance, I beseech you lovingly. ♥
As he stood there debating whether to say more, she gave him a shrewd look and said, "Okay, I don't think it's the shirt that's making you make that face. What's up, kiddo?"
After Pam left, Dean watched Cas’s chest rise and fall, rise and fall. He waited, each time, for it to slow down and then stop, but it didn’t. He hadn’t noticed any change at all in Cas’s breathing. He remembered Pam’s words and didn’t get his hopes up, but it hurt.
“I think I will read for a while first.” Dean saw Cas’ shoulders sag slightly. “I’m not angry with you, Dean.”
Anna’s eyes were almost as wide as Dean’s as they watched him go. Charlie came to the door and joined them.
Dean grimaced, remembering. “Yeah, and I forced Sam to come with me. I put him back on the streets, man,” he admitted, shaking his head. “I told myself I was protecting him, but I was forcing him to live rough when he didn’t have to.”
“Oh,” Dean said, suddenly losing the Joker smile and feeling utterly defeated. “Yeah, looks like. Thanks.”
"I don't want details, but when you say he makes you glad to be an Omega, you mean, like... physically?" Sam's voice was pained.
“Yes, Bobby. Yes. If you’ll have me, I want to come work for you.” He knew he sounded a little like he was begging, but he was mostly all right with that.
Cas leaned forward and bit Dean’s ear. “Next time,” he promised, breath hot and wet on Dean’s skin. “Take them off. Slowly.”
“Humble as ever, my dear. Regardless, it’s a birthday and rather a rowdy bunch, so watch out for groping, all right?”
Now that he had met Dean, he was making choices for himself everyday and he was so anxious to start living in the city, he could hardly wait for this night to end. Dean had been a surprise in his life. Cas had thought he’d known exactly how his life would play out. He would never experience love as others felt it, or physical attraction, and he would live plain his whole life, not even deviating more than absolutely necessary when he was in the city.
