"What are you talking about?" Peggy sounded sterner now. She wasn't going to look at Steve's neck without permission, however; she had her manners still. She put a hand on his arm. Her fingers felt too cold. "Steve?"
Tony sighed, relaxing slightly.  He closed his eyes.  “Hey, Stan?  Do you ever feel like life’s too short?” asked Tony quietly.  “We dragged ourselves all the way out here for what?  To watch some asshole drive my car for me?  ...seems pointless, doesn’t it?  Kind of allegorical, too.  Watching people go nowhere desperately fast for no reason...  I don’t know.  Maybe I’m just jetlagged.  Yeah.  That’s probably it.  Hey… you’re doing a great job.  I’m not just talking about the massage.  I’m talking about everything else.  You’re… okay.  I’m glad Pepper picked you.”  He reached out and patted Steve on the head.  “Let me sleep now, okay?  Wake me up when it’s time to hit the club.  I hear Musk and Hammer are gonna be there.  God, I hate that guy.  Hammer, I mean.  Elon’s great.  Anyway, wake me up in a few hours, ‘k?”  Tony rolled over, thinking.  Why was he here in the first place?  Why was he at some stupid resort in Monaco when he could be out fighting bad guys, or at least sticking his dick in some cute, wild little beta?  It seemed like a waste of his time, to be rubbing shoulders (ha!) with guys like Stan, who was a nobody, and Hammer, who was a somebody who was insufferably annoying.  Yeah, it seemed like a waste, especially if… no.  Tony didn’t let himself think it.  He was fine.  Perfectly fine.
When the vibrations finally stopped, Steve collapsed in his bonds like a puppet who’s string had been cut. He didn’t fight as Tony removed the vibrators from his body. Only whimpered softly when he felt slick fingers stroke inside of him, followed by the cold metal of a plug. It was large and heavy, even before he felt it growing inside of him, stretching him wide and pressing just deep enough to send a bolt of pain through his abused prostate. The plug made a soft metallic sound as it locked in place, stretching him enough to blur the lines of pain and pleasure in his mind. “Tony…?”
“Exactly. When he was apprehended it was discovered that he is in fact an omega. He used illegal suppressants to disguise his nature. Never been claimed, bonded, or trained. Extremely volatile, difficult. Recommended only for high level alphas. He’s also a mutant with enhanced senses, strength, and healing.”
Steve gets an opportunity to research a variety or topics on the internet. This lead to mentions of omega abuse, such as bodily mutilation, and the repercussions of suppression use. He realizes that the society wasn’t imprisoning most of the children he grew up with, the suppressants they were put on caused their deaths.
“I know, Steve. But you gotta understand. Bruce loves me. And I love him. I don’t wanna go anywhere. I’m happy where I am.”
Steve slowly straightened and sat down, crying out sharply when it pressed the plug deeper inside of him. He watched helplessly as Tony teased his nipples into hardened points before attaching clamps that were almost a decoration. Metal circles that pressed into his pecs, with a tight screw clamp in the middle, pinching down hard while leaving the tips exposed. Next came a small metal oval that was fastened to the front of the cage, adding weight, tugging on it when he moved. "You are so fucking beautiful, Steve."
James slowly rose to his feet, moaning as the toy shifted inside of him. He moved behind Steve’s bound body, sinking to his knees. He stayed there for a moment, gaze focused on Steve’s dripping entrance, watching the slick slowly trickle from his entrance and slide down his thighs. “So fuckin’ pretty, Stevie. My God…” Reverently James leaned forward, pressing his lips to the twitching hole.
“Perfect, Steve. Look at you. So desperate and needy. I’m going to make you my perfect little slut.” He pulled away, moving back to his workbench, leaving Steve shaking on the floor behind him. When he returned, Tony was holding a small pistol shaped object with a long barrel. Steve vaguely recognized it as the device Tony had used to implant the sensors for the suit under his skin. A feeling of foreboding began to roll through him as Tony stepped behind him. He felt even more exposed than before.
Steve bent over the kitchen counter, cheeks burning against the cool marble, blinking back tears. The plug pressed back into him, roughly this time, followed by a firm grip on the back of his neck, holding him in place. Hard slaps rained down on his ass, jolting the metal inside of him, rocking it against his prostate. He squirmed in the other man's grip, tears breaking free as the spanking drove him back towards release only to be denied again.
Hello lovelies! I know it’s been a while since I posted anything. This year has been hell on my motivation. However currently, I have a shiny new job that entails a large amount of downtime. And as long as I’m physically present, they don’t care what I do!
He heard the sound of pants being unfastened, followed by the slick sound of lube. Tony groaned at the first touch of his hand around his cock and Steve tried to turn, just enough to see him, but couldn’t. “That’s right. Now, I’m going to tell you what you would have gotten if you’d decided to be a good boy. As soon as my meeting was over, I would have let you blow me. Gotten off in your fuckable mouth good and hard before I took you upstairs. I would have tied you down to the bed, spread open for me like a gift, and I would have used my mouth on you until you were begging. Sucked your dick and licked open that pretty little hole.”
For probably the millionth time since the other man fell, Steve wished he could talk to Bucky. He had always understood everything about Steve, and never made him feel bad for what he wanted. Of course, back then Steve wasn’t nearly as screwed up. Sexually or mentally. And it wasn’t like he’d be in this position to start with if his old Dom was still around.
“Well, surgery wasn’t really an option, because I refused to let anybody cut into my brain. So pretty much chemo and radiation or death?”
Steve had expected the conversation with Natasha to go almost exactly as it did. She was usually reasonable and currently predisposed to like the mage that saved them from the unending slime golems. Clint was the surprise. Steve had expected the man who had been controlled by Loki during the invasion to be more upset by his presence in the tower. However, the time as a thrall seemed to have given the archer a fairly good insight to Loki's state of mind at the time. In the end, Clint used the opportunity to extort a supply of homemade baked goods from the god and was more than willing to move forward.
He turned, giving him a bland expression. "Ordered breakfast. What's the matter, princess? Decided you wanted bacon instead of sausage?"
"Well, according to the data so far, extremis has been steadily working to undo a lot of past trauma I've experienced. It's ramped up my metabolism and increased my strength and stamina. I'm still testing out a few quirks, but so far everything looks good. I feel better than I have in probably a decade. And Jarvis is taking constant scans in case of any issues."
He wasn’t sure how it happened, but this was not Bucky’s Steve. His Steve had never been this soft, this gentle. Not ever. He would never have made amends with Stark. Be living in his tower. His Steve wasn’t there. Was somewhere in Wakanda fighting another battle that didn’t belong to him. This Steve tucked a fuzzy blanket around both of them, cuddled closer and purred softly against his skin. The scent of honey and vanilla permeated the room.
“Absolutely, honey. I’m not letting you go. Nobody’s gonna take you away from me. Not ever.” There was a hint of a growl in Tony’s voice that he hadn’t intended to be there, but instead of scaring Steve, it seemed to cause him to relax further in his arms. He was finally calm. Content.
"It's called a cock cage. Keep you all sweet and desperate for me." A flash of metal caught Steve's attention. On a chain draped around Tony's neck, was a small silver key, suspended over the arc reactor.
"You just what? Sleep together, play kinky sex games, go to clubs, eat your meals together, and live in the same place, but you're not actually dating or serious about each other? Sounds pretty weak, even to me."
He set down his tools, turning to face Steve with an evil smirk. "Starting to regret ratting me out to Brucie bear at the first opportunity, aren't you?"
“Yeah.” Steve smiled in spite of himself. “I do. He’s my best friend. Always has been. Always will be. But we’re very different people from the fellas who played around with ropes and spanking in Brooklyn. He can’t give me what I need anymore. But you can. You do. And I miss it. It’s been so long, Tony. Please don’t make me wait anymore.”
It had been a relatively simple battle, just a few enhanced individuals who decided to tear up a smaller town outside of the city. Bruce had asked to sit it out – they didn’t need more property damage – and everyone thought that it would be quick and easy. And it had been, for the most part, until one of the guys managed to kick Tony in the chin hard enough to dent the face plate. The suit kept flying, courtesy of J.A.R.V.I.S., who helpfully informed the other Avengers that Mr. Stark was unconscious and would be needing medical attention. They’d wrapped up pretty quickly after that, left the enemies for S.H.E.I.L.D., and made their way to the hospital. After arriving, they hadn’t done much of anything. As Tony’s medical proxy, Steve had to approve a few decisions, but even he hadn’t been allowed to see him yet.
He took a moment to wrap his head around that. Yeah, Tony had looked incredibly like his father when he was released from the hospital, but was there any other reason he would have hated his reflection?
Tony glances at the end just long enough to see that he only signed it with his name. That, out of everything, is what hurts the most.
Steve held up his hands, trying to diffuse the argument. “Okay. I’m sorry.” He reached out and took Tony’s hand, interlacing their fingers together. Clint snorted in the background. “Can we resolve this back at the tower? I don’t think any of us here are fond of hospitals.” Tony sighed, but squeezed his hand all the same.
This time, he does grab the key, unlocks the drawer, and throws the entire package in it before the wave of resentment dissolves into loss. The scars on his chest are still healing, but he’s sleeping in
Steve stood up, his knees cracking audibly, and shook Clint’s shoulder to wake him up. “Time to go back to the room.” Clint rubbed his eyes, wincing as he brushed a cut on his forehead. Steve’s words seemed to rouse him out of his light sleep, however, and they made their way into the hallway, following the signs for room numbers. Thor and Natasha followed slightly behind, looking only slightly worse for wear.
Steve’s senses immediately shifted to worry. “He seemed pretty calm in the car, what happened?” Bruce put his head in his hands, as if trying to get rid of a headache. “Was is something about the injury?”
It crosses his mind in the bunker, when he first arrives and Barnes is aiming his gun at him like it’ll do any damage, but they work it out. Steve doesn’t crack a smile at his Manchurian Candidate joke, even though he knows they watched it together, but the truce works. Everything is fine.
“Probably because you didn’t listen to a word they said, and I need to make sure you’re going to be okay by Tony Stark standards.” Bruce walked toward them, nodding at Steve, and then looked toward Tony, who was just exiting the car. “Oh…”
“Wonderful! I will let the man of smiles know that we are to depart immediately!” Thor grinned joyfully, leaving the room in a mission to find the back entrance of the hospital. His cape fluttered behind him, depositing the slightest bit of ash from the fight onto the otherwise clean linoleum flooring. Somewhere outside, a nurse protested loudly, and even Natasha chuckled, throwing her arm around Clint’s shoulders.
The package doesn’t have a return address, but the sentence on the side makes the sender obvious. Rhodey knows, he must know, but he doesn’t say a word as Tony takes the package and makes an aborted movement towards the key still lying on the table (whether he would have used it to cut the tape or to open the locked drawer, he doesn’t know). Tony’s not sure if it’s logic or emotion that wins this particular mental battle, but he manages to leave the package on a side table and draw his attention back to the prosthetics. It doesn’t fully work, but neither of them say anything when Tony keeps dropping words out of sentences or when Rhodey tries to tell funny stories without bringing up certain names. They’re both trying, and that’s enough.
It’s late at night when he finally opens it, expecting a letter and some long-winded explanation that throws blame around and tries to make Tony feel better about everything that happened, but when he breaks through the tape that’s holding the top of the box closed, the sight makes him sick to his stomach.
March 2014. A few months before Steve gave him the letters. Almost a year before Ultron, before Sokovia, when everything fell apart.
Tony makes a noncommittal noise and waves his hand in what could be mistaken as a goodbye. T’Challa nods as a response and ends the call, leaving Tony in the darkened lab, a stack of papers in front of him and no other shadows but his own.
Logically, Steve knew that Tony was vague about his past at best, but he always answered Steve’s questions about Howard and Peggy when he asked. How much pain had Steve unknowingly caused? Why hadn’t he seen the signs earlier? The tightness in his eyes, how he ground his teeth together briefly before answering – every miniscule movement that indicated the shift from boyfriend to the mask he used for the press, concealed by Steve’s interest in the story and how no paparazzi would ever ask anything so intricately personal. The way Tony always sat through Steve’s war stories that Howard appeared in, and didn’t even flinch when Steve said it would have been great to see him as a father.
A young nurse rapped his hand on the door of the waiting room. “You asked to be notified when he was awake?” He jerked his head back toward the hallway he was standing in. “All of you can come back now.”
Natasha pushed past Steve, rolling her eyes. “You boys walk too slow.” She led them through the last few turns of their route, then pushed open a door on the left of the hallway, stopping abruptly when she looked inside. “That’s new.”
Tony bumped his shoulder into Steve’s softly. “Me too,” he said. “Look, Happy’s waiting for us.” They walked out of the glass doors and towards the car, both looking forward to the drive home.
Sometimes he wishes they would just say it. Acknowledge that he came back from Siberia with a gash across his chest, skin that was more purple than pale, and a healthy reluctance to talk about anything that happened after he had visited the Raft. (“There were more Winter Soldiers. They needed help. We fought. He left.”) It’s convenient that they think he means they fought the Soldiers. Tony doesn’t correct them. He locks the suit footage beneath several layers of code and doesn’t speak another word about it. Rhodey and Pepper are only angry that Steve left him injured in Siberia. He can’t deal with the pity they’ll send his way if they learn the truth.
his bed again. This will only turn into a setback. He’s not going to read it, he’s not even going to see if the phone has a message on it.
He shuddered as Tony's arms slid around him, pulling him down so he could rest his head on the other man's shoulder. Sweet. He wanted to be sweet for him. He pressed as close as he could, feeling the gentle strokes over his back, soothing him. "I- I want to be... I want to be good for you."
Steve followed behind him miserably, all his focus on the agonizing pounding of his cock. Every step made it shift in the ring, bringing a fresh wave of sensation. He ate breakfast on autopilot, too distracted to pay attention to what he was eating, only glad to be sitting still. After they finished Tony dragged him into the living room, settling him between his legs on the couch and starting something random on the television.
Every time Steve was close to falling over that edge, Stark would stop. Force him to calm down, before starting the torment all over again. There was a mirror behind the bed, allowing Bucky to see the combination of ecstasy and despair on Steve’s face as he was denied over and over again. Stark finally looked up, caught Bucky’s eyes in the mirror, held them. Bucky felt caught. Unable to look away. Stark held the connection as he allowed Steve to finally fall over the edge, screaming his release to the room. As he found his own completion buried deep in Steve’s body. Only then did he finally look away.
He couldn't think, could only feel. Pleasure and pain so mixed together he was never sure which he was feeling, dragging his mind down to that place only Tony could help him reach. The world no longer existed. Only this.
"Not a chance, sweetheart. This matters to you. Which makes it important to me. And I feel like the reason you changed your mind is because you think there's something wrong with you, which I have a problem with. Because you are absolutely perfect, Steve."
Tony's arms were around him instantly, tugging at the blanket to get it wrapped around him. "Open your eyes for me, sweetheart. Come on. Come back to me."
He felt himself lifted and only clung tighter to his alpha. Tony carried Steve to the couch, sitting down with him in his lap, pulling the thick woolen blanket from the back of the couch and wrapping it around them both like a cocoon. That was even better, blocking out the rest of the world. Nothing felt real except the two of them. “JARVIS? Lights at twenty percent. And clear my schedule for the rest of the day.”
The alpha didn’t plug him afterwards and when he straightened up, he felt a trickle of come slide from his hole and dribble down his leg. Steve tried to catch the man’s eyes but was ignored. “Use the bathroom and do whatever else you need to get ready for bed, then come back.”
The break gave Steve a chance to settle, allow the desperation from earlier to recede, and for him to finally relax. After the movie was over, he rolled onto his back and stretched, bringing his attention to a new problem. Color flooded his cheeks again as he placed a tentative hand on Tony's arm. "Tony?"
Tony buried his face in the side of Steve's neck, mumbling the words against his skin. "I'm pretty gone on you too, soldier."
I'm going to try to get the companion story worked on a bit longer, and then I think I'll try something new. Possibly with these two since they're so much fun to write. Let me know if you have any prompts or suggestions, I'm always on the prowl for new ideas!
"I've liked what we've been doing Tony. I liked some of what I was seeing online too. It got me... distracted."
Steve barely felt the needle slip into the base, only the cooling sensation that spread through the area from the injection. He let out a sigh of relief as he immediately began to soften. Tony pressed a kiss against his forehead, stroking his hair as they waited for the medication to take full effect.
Pleasure slammed into Steve, more intense than any release he’d experienced yet. It seemed to go on and on, almost unbearable, ebbing and spiking as his body milked his alpha’s cock. He could feel the weight of the come filling him up, soothing the unrelenting need for the time being. He finally relaxed, drifting slowly back down to the reality of his body.
Just as the familiar rush of orgasm started to break over him, there was a loud crackle of electricity and a searing pain shooting through his tender cock and balls. He howled, trying to struggle free in vain. The searing agony seemed to rob all of the pleasure from his orgasm. Weak pulses spurted from the slit of the cage as Tony continued to press and rub against his prostate, but there was no pleasure or relief. He felt tangled up and agitated, body still needy and throbbing despite the release. “Tony… Tony please…”
Tony straddled his lap, hips pressing down against him to feel the cool metal against his body. He dropped a soft kiss against Steve’s slack lips. “I told you, sweetheart. I will always give you exactly what you need.”
He signed the necessary paperwork and directed the delivery of Steve’s files to the appropriate Stark Industries server. He’d given them a cursory inspection earlier, but was sure he’d need to review them again. Steve had been raised by his mother, also an omega, who rebelled against the system. There wasn’t much information on her, as she had passed away several years before. There was speculation that she had been abused by her alpha and run away. Mistreatment of omegas disgusted Tony. They were a precious commodity to be cared for and protected.
“Fuck you taste so good, sweetheart. I love running my mouth all over you.” He stroked his hair as Steve cried, making soft shushing sounds. “It’s okay, baby. We’re almost done. Maybe if you take your punishment like a good boy, I’ll let you blow me while I’m being sweet to you after. Would you like that?”
Steve nodded against the leather. He rocked forward, testing the restraints. As with everything else Tony had made for him, he stayed exactly where the other man wanted him.
“You’re most welcome. Ready?” Tony waited for James to nod before pulling the remote from his pocket and turning the vibrations on to the lowest setting. James’ eyes widened immediately, a soft gasp tearing from his throat. His hips began to move in small circles, grinding down into the chair. Tony turned it up another level, watching his eyes fall closed, cheeks flushing a light pink as the pleasure grew.
At the first touch of Steve’s slick to his hole, James moaned quietly, soft breathy noises falling from his lips as Tony’s fingers moved inside of him, and a barely audible whimper when they slid free. Tony rubbed the remaining slick over the surface of the toy, then positioned it at James’ entrance. It was fairly slim, with two larger bumps designed to cradle the prostate. Tony carefully slid the toy inside of him, listening carefully for any sign of distress. When it was fully seated, Tony stretched the attached ring of silicon to slide over James’ cage and settle around the base, holding the toy firmly in place.
Steve buried his face against Tony’s chest, couldn’t get the words out if he was looking at him. “I… Wanted to know. If it was true. I… Looked up things. How I grew up. Suppressants. Cages. You… It… It was too much. My Ma… I always believed in her. She was… So strong. And smart. And she loved me so much. Or I thought she did. But… How could she… If I was… If I’d been normal, not like this… I’d be dead. And they just, what? Didn’t care? About me? About Buck? Any of the other kids we grew up with? I thought they’d been taken in, but a lot of them… They died, Tony. My friends. My family. They weren’t taken away. They died. Because our parents killed them.”
“Because you never told me I could.” Tony’s hands burned against his skin as they gripped his hips, pulled him up onto his knees.
Sobs made his chest ache as he struggled in his restraints, desperate to feel even a hint of pleasure or sensation from Tony’s mouth in such an intimate place. Fingers breached him, pressing past his numb ring to rub against his equally deadened prostate. Steve could see drips of come falling from the tip of the cage as he was ruthlessly milked empty, without any of the pleasure that could accompany the act. He sobbed harder as the torture continued, Tony moaning against him in utter abandon, taking what he wanted and leaving Steve empty. When there was no longer a drop left to be wrung out of his aching balls, Tony finally pulled away.
“I know.” Steve let himself drift away under a constant stream of kisses, reveling in the feel of Tony’s plush lips against his own, the soft scratch of his goatee against his skin. Everything else could wait for later.
Tears sprang to his eyes, and this time Steve couldn’t fight back the sobs that wracked his frame. Everyone else’s disapproval had been easy to bear, but from this man it had always been too much. Something deep inside of him had yearned for Stark’s touch, for his kindness, from the moment they had met. Constant rebuffs were hard, but the animosity of their last meeting had been devastating.
“Yes alpha.” Steve obediently left the room and Tony’s attention went back to Bucky. “Do you want to tell me what happened?”
Tony's teeth sank into the side of his neck as he continued to pound into Steve. "Oh sweetheart. I promised I'd fuck you, not that I'd unlock you. Better learn to read the fine print."
The towel he chose was slightly rough, just enough to set Steve even more on edge as it rasped over every inch of bare skin, multiple times as Tony murmured something about being thorough before Steve lost the thread of the conversation. He felt his feet leave the floor again, and was soon deposited onto the bed, spread out before Tony’s hungry gaze. “I really should be nice to you. Get the cage off, check you over, get you off nice and gentle, and give you a rest before I lock you up again. Is that what you want, sweetheart? Should I be nice to my good boy? Reward him for everything he did for me earlier?”
The assurances made Steve feel soft. He buried his face in the side of Tony’s neck, clinging to him desperately, as though he could disappear at any moment. “Tony… Please, I want…”
Tony tilted his chin up, studying Steve’s face, an unreadable expression in his eyes. “And that’s really what you want? To suffer for me until you feel absolved of your sins?”
Steve lowered his head, eyes on the ground. He'd known from the start that this was a game he could never win, but somehow, he'd made it worse. His stomach clenched in nervous anticipation. Even Tony's anger made him ache with desire.
It had been three days since Tony had been able to fuck his sweet omega, and he was not so slowly losing his mind. The treatment for Steve’s gland had to be repeated daily, until the scans that JARVIS ran each morning showed enough improvement. And during that time, Tony wouldn’t be able to have him. He’d thought about trying to get Steve’s mouth on his aching cock, but was afraid that the omega might try to bite it off.
--" He gripped his arm tightly and gasped, eyes rolling back in his head. "Fuck. Oh my God. Oh my God. What have you done?"
"Of course, sir.  I've taken the liberty of making some minor adjustments to the forearm plate locking system," said JARVIS; a menu with a record of the changes appeared.  Tony's eyes darted across the lines of code, nodding.
"...your star pupils, they speak Russian, don't they?  And Karpov and his boy? Have them pay a visit to the captain.  I'm sure the witch can handle him easily enough."
. That's what's true," Steve breathed and turned his head to lean down and kiss him. It was firm but brief. "I love you." He brushed the hair off of Tony's forehead gently with his fingertips. They stood like that for a moment, not saying anything with their foreheads just touching. It felt natural and intimate and Steve basked in the moment.
One of the few people who wasn't gawking (Tony was standing as close he could to Malick, clearly taking some pleasure in making this as awkward as possible) was DeSoto; he scanned the crowd for Ron and perked up immediately when he saw him.  He actually grabbed Steve's hand with excitement, like they were teenage girls or something. "There's Alpha!" he said with delight.
a weird feeling – because he doesn’t shut down the lab (four people still have access, even if they aren’t in the same building or same city or same hemisphere), he fills up a cup of water from the sink (and intersperses it with sips of reheated coffee), and doesn’t stop to look over Bruce’s old desk (his notes are still there from before Ultron, before they found the scepter, before Tony dragged him into one of his biggest regrets).
“Everything else okay?” Steve brushed his thumb over the back of Tony’s hand, keeping their fingers locked together.
He looked at Steve, his eyes asking him to agree, yet hardened and calculating. Years of worry were evident in the lines of his face. Steve knew how to tell when Tony’s walls were up, knew how to notice when there was something he wasn’t telling him, and how big of a deal it should be. For the first time in their relationship, it looked like he was hiding something big. (Of course, in most life-or-death situations where Tony hid things until the last minute, he was wearing the Iron Man suit, and Steve couldn’t see his eyes. So his reference points could have been a little maladjusted.) But even Bruce looked worried, and like he knew what was up, so there was definitely something he didn’t understand.
Steve breaks into the Raft and Tony disables the cameras. Pepper watches over his shoulder in horrified understanding, and Rhodey sits in the next room over for plausible deniability when Ross inevitably asks him if Tony had anything to do with it.
T’Challa requests a meeting every once in a while, and while they’re friendly colleagues, the sessions are recorded, and Tony has no desire to call the king outside of working hours. They talk policies and amendments in front of tired eyes, and there are always a few questions or suggestions that he knows originated elsewhere. They don’t talk about the Rogues, but T’Challa knows he knows, even though they haven’t said a word. There’s a question about identities and families, which reeks of Barton, and when the king asks about proximal emergencies and immediate action guidelines, it feels like Steve is standing over his shoulder.
“I was friends with him.” Steve’s eggs were burning, and he had completely forgotten to chop the pepper. A wave of shame rolled over him. He was the one who brought this on, he was the reason Tony had to look in the mirror and see something awful. “And then I gave the okay to shave the beard, I should have known better, I-“
Tony couldn’t even blame him for the way the day slowly dissolved into mud. He’d called about a wording change in one of the amendments, asking for clarification of the edits Tony submitted two days before. He wasn’t as much of a pain in the ass as he could have been. Rhodey had whispered to Tony near the end of the call that he was leaving for the physical therapist’s office, and Tony watched his friend wheel himself into the elevator.
Surprisingly, this is not the scene that inspired this idea. 2 chapter update, but hopefully many more on the way :)
Bruce took a bite of his food before answering. “I’m sure you noticed how much his appearance changed without the beard.” He looked at Steve, waiting for him to make some sort of connection.
On the screen, T’Challa leans forward, and something about his expression makes Tony wary. “I myself find the disagreements in the larger sessions frequently disheartening, even as I try to explain the varying concerns of my country. I believe they do not trust me, both because of Wakanda’s secrets and because of my own status.” He pauses, and is it Tony’s sleep-deprived imagination creating the shadow on the wall behind him or is there someone else in the room? “May I ask how you are dealing with this?”
Steve peeked inside the room, trying to figure out what she meant. Tony was sitting up in bed, holding a hospital mirror that obscured most of his face. “Tony?” Tony looked up, and Steve saw something snap into place in his boyfriend’s eyes. Steve opened his mouth to say something but stopped in shock as Tony lowered the mirror the rest of the way.
Bruce must have understood his thought process, because his eyes softened. “Look, Steve, even if you had been there, they weren’t together often.” His fingers fidgeted. “Some fathers aren’t perfect. Some are far from it.”
“If they have to shave your face to suture the cut, then they have to do it! I’m not going to let you bleed out from a wound on your chin, for god’s sake!”
When FRIDAY tells them that there are no remaining former Avengers on the floating prison, Tony’s vision floats into static, and Pepper’s steadying hand feels far away. She’s saying something, and his legs are moving, but all of it's on the very edge of his awareness. When his brain comes back online, he’s no longer sitting in front of the screens, but is lying on the couch on his floor instead, with Pepper and Rhodey looking at him worriedly.
Tony picked up the mirror from the bed where he’d dropped it, and looked down into his reflection. Steve looked down as well, meeting his eyes in the glass. “Fan-fucking-tastic, Steve,” Tony murmured, setting the mirror on the table, face down. He pulled the heart rate monitor from where it was clamped on his finger and stuck his free hand in his pocket. “Never been better.” He motioned to the doorway. “Shall we?”
Steve nodded, and they stepped out of the room together, taking the now familiar stairwell to the employee entrance. If it wasn’t Tony, it was someone else, and there was always one person who wasn’t able to dodge medical (and, in Clint’s case, was usually dragged there by his teammates). As they walked, Steve kept glancing down at his shorter partner, stealing looks at his newly shaved face. It wasn’t a standard Tony Stark look by any means, the mustache with no beard, but for the first time, Steve could see just how
“Afternoon, Steven,” Tony said cheerfully, light anger glinting beneath his eyes. “Where the fuck is my beard?”
Ross finishes the conversation slightly after that, urging Tony to look over the specific sections mentioned, and hangs up, so Tony calls Pepper to update her, momentarily forgetting about the time differences. Unsurprisingly, she doesn’t pick up. (He taps into her location and hacks the security cameras to keep his breathing steady, and she’s in a meeting with an upcoming research group they’ve both been excited to partner with. She’s smiling in what he’s termed her “friendly business casual” expression, and nothing seems amiss.) Through all the software update’s he’s created for his phones, the themes, the configurations, and the advancements, he’s never quite shaken the chill that settles over him while he’s watching her contact photo, waiting for her to pick up.
A hologram appears on the nearest wall and displays a single video file. “Bad Day Protocol, created March 28
oops it's been a month :) going through some life transitions atm so updates will continue to be a little slow but i have no plans to abandon
Steve walked out of the kitchen, whispering a quick thank you to Bruce and leaving his food behind. Did he know Tony as well as he thought?
Tony never talked about his father. Only mentioned him when Steve had a question about the past. There were no pictures of his family anywhere in the tower, and definitely not in their bedroom. He had talked about the pressure and scrutiny he felt when he was growing up, but Steve had always thought that it was from the media, not from someone close by. And the little comments he always made about not wanting to be like his father, which he always thought were normal. Most people didn’t want to be the same as their parents, right? All of his previous assumptions pointed towards a different conclusion.
Tony yawned, then winced as the motion pulled at his stitches. “I already went through a full hospital visit, why do I need another one?” Steve got out of the car and held the door for him.
“I’ve dealt with public pressure for many years,” he says, “and this is no different. Finding a solution is at the top of my priorities, and I have no… other distractions.” He raises his head, meeting T’Challa’s eyes, and doesn’t look away. “I’m doing just fine.”
When he got back to their room, however, Tony was still asleep, a peaceful expression on his face. His lightly tanned skin contrasted harshly with the dark blue stitches on his chin, but he looked otherwise healthy, something that could not always be said of the chronic insomniac.
Pepper’s halfway around the globe, Rhodey’s at physical therapy, and the kid just told him that his aunt grounded him, so he wouldn’t be swinging by for an afternoon in the lab. Papers cascade off of the desk in front of him, and the bright glare from the overhead lights is only making the mess harder to look at. The lab is still in a half stage of lockdown – the thick glass doors are opaque, entrance codes set to the second highest level, and his workstation in the corner is a light spot in a sea of darkness. He could navigate the space blindfolded any day, but no one else can. And with his back to the wall, suits and bots lined up neatly in a row, he feels safe.
He pushed the eggs around in the pan while he went over Bruce’s words. He knew Bruce’s history, knew that it was something he didn’t bring up lightly, but that’s not what he was talking about. “But… I’m sure Howard would have been an okay father. We were friends. He was a good man.” Memories of the brief time they knew each other ran through his mind – getting his shield, working together with Peggy, the airplane ride to save Bucky – surely he would extend the same kindness to his wife and children?
(Two weeks later, curiosity gets the better of him. He almost makes it through the first three sentences before changing his mind.)
To his credit, the king doesn’t give out any hints. “I am glad to hear it.” The shadow behind him shifts two inches to the left. “I look forward to our next meeting, Dr. Stark, and hope it will be under better circumstances.”
The worst part, though, is when they request the one-on-one meetings. Ross is particularly antagonistic, listing every time something went wrong that the revised Accords have to cover and visually enjoying pointing out Tony’s mistakes. There’s always a few more of the stupidest political figures Tony’s ever had the displeasure of knowing, but he’s a pro at answering their questions and rolling his eyes at their comments.
"Stark," said Clint, more seriously.  "...Steve's young. Steve's young and he doesn't have any family.  A permanent procedure--"
He wasn't sure who was more shocked: him, or the headmaster.  For someone like Tony, who wasn't very dominant, this man was incredibly powerful and normally Tony would have been naturally and instinctively inclined to act submissively around him, especially now, when the man was yelling at them and his hackles were barely being kept down.  Maybe it was his casual use of the word "spade" in a room full of children and omegas, or maybe Tony had just had enough.
"Doesn't Steve know how far Washington DC is?" he grumbled.  He and Charlie were sharing an egg salad sandwich on the steps leading up to his private jet.  They'd been hanging out just outside the hangar for thirty minutes.
Steve watched Tony's face intently. His gut twisted. He stepped forward but then hesitated before he stayed where he was. He swallowed and wrung his hands together awkwardly again. "You don't believe me, do you? Jesus, Tony.  I
"How the hell would I know?" asked Tony.  "You know I think traditions are stupid.  I didn't expect two hundred orchids, but here we are."  He checked the tag on one of the new ones: it was from the Secretary of Defense.  He checked over the vase of tulips but there was no tag.  Something was bothering him, a lot, but he wasn't sure what.  Maybe it was just that the tulips looked weirdly out of place.  Tony expected orchids, not tulips.  Who sent tulips?  Even Tony, who operated well above normal society, knew that orchids were the go-to flower for bonding.
Steve had always been sick. His mother had always been concerned with his health, not his status. She'd spent most of Steve's childhood worrying far too much about hospital bills and the way Steve would struggle to breathe at night...he'd always been free-spirited though. Even on the playground as a child Steve was getting into scraps and fighting with the boys who picked on the littler kids, despite the fact that he was one of them. A part of Steve had known, he thought, that he was an omega. He'd always felt... different to the other boys, almost all of who turned out to be betas. Just like he always knew Bucky would turn out to be an Alpha, the only person who could ever reign him in.  And, certainly, everyone had always treated him as an omega, before puberty.  It must have been obvious.
"I just wanna be with you," Steve said in a whisper after a beat of silence. "I just want...to spend time with you. I want to make
If the others hadn't been there, Tony might have swallowed his pride and let Steve do it.  It felt wonderful to be close to him, to inhale his intoxicating scent and to feel the warmth his body radiated. But Tony didn't want to look weak in front of the others.  And he didn't want Steve to know he still wanted him, against all logic, against his own best interests.  When Steve's hand had brushed his arm in the arm, Tony had broken out in goosebumps.
He offered Steve his arm after tucking his collar into his pocket just in case.  He didn't like the idea of leaving it off since they were trying to make a statement but his hackles ached and he recognized that leaving it on for the whole weekend might not be physically possible.  He slid on a pair of sunglasses. At least the conference was only three days, and when they waltzed out of the hotel, they'd have enough dirt to probably shut down the AU conventions for the forseeable future.  Plus, the protesters from Status Alliance would see the matching collars, and get it.
"Little dogs are always the yappiest ones," said Tony wisely, spooning Steve harder when Steve touched his hip.  "...d'you think Natasha knows about the scent gland pressure point thing? I assume she knows all that shit." He paused.  "I don't want to be able to do it to manipulate you. I want to do it because it... it seemed like you liked it. I want to be able to do things to make you feel good."  Tony was mumbling a little, clearly embarrassed by his uncharacteristic display of unselfishness. "I never got with men or omegas and now I feel like I have to relearn everything, like how to, you know, how do deal with your... you know,
, specifically, he'd grown to love it again. Steve enjoyed the rush that the tightness in his chest gave him every time he hit the one minute mark under the water. Growing up as an asthmatic in a crowded tenement building in a bustling city, he'd never quite been able to catch his breath.  Now, he could hold it for impressively long amounts of time.
"Naw, it's fine, look."  Tony walked over and grabbed the chain cage to pull it apart before Sam could stop him, then immediately dropped to the ground, convulsing.
," she hissed.  She rounded suddenly on Steve.  "Congratulations on your pair-bond, Steve.  Really.  I think it's lovely."  She turned back to Tony.  "
He sighed as they stepped out, spotting Hal in the 'pen' as they moved closer to it. She was talking to...Donner, much to his surprise. Huh.
"I don't hate him," said the omega.  "Just Stark. Stark is a murderer. The Captain..."  He shrugged a little, then scowled. "He's only an ignorant American.  He's as brainwashed as you are. But he is right about one thing. Us rabbits... we should be treated better."
"Steve... c'mon, you can't leave me like this!" protested Tony, gesturing.  Steve's attempt to dry Tony off had given him an erection. Tony wiggled his eyebrows, clearly proud of it.
"The past's in the past," said Tony wisely.  "Steve's been going a good job of getting caught up..."  He reached up to brush a lock of hair away from Steve's face.
There it was.  The first time those words had come out.  Now they were real.  They couldn't be taken back.  Tony had sort of expected something more dramatic but the shop was quiet and peaceful.
Steve wriggled back against his mate, and Tony growled against his neck when he felt his head nudging against Steve's puckered, expectant entrance.  He sighed slowly with satisfaction as Steve eased himself onto Tony; when he felt the knot getting squeezed in, he bit down automatically with a groan of delight, tugging at the skin on Steve's neck.
He froze. There was a tight feeling in his chest, almost a cold sensation. He looked down at himself. Was this...was this Tony? Fuck. It was. "Sure, he can want to sleep with his best friend but the minute
He blushed a little when the shirtless picture was held up. "They wanted to do it," he shrugged in a weak defence with a small smile on his lips. Steve had to admit... he looked alright.  Well, it had been better than when he'd toured with the USO.  They'd had him in shorts and boots and he'd never been more embarrassed in his life.
"Steve.  The war's over.  We won," said Tony.  Steve sometimes needed reminded of that.  "Everything's getting better, every day. Listen, you gotta talk to Louis, you wanted this, remember?  Once you finish your interview we can go make a nest together. ...you want me to stay here with you? Would that make it easier?"
He took a look at his handiwork.  The tulips were properly obscured by a wall of enormous orchids.  He gave a little nod to the flowers and then flopped back onto the couch with a wince.
means? It means it's no one else's goddamn business! ...I mean, I still think he did the right thing by telling them; we couldn't have hidden it for long."
Steve had no idea what they were talking about. He fought against Jarvis but soon gave in as it became apparent that the older omega was a lot stronger than him. He didn't understand most of what they were talking about. He figured it was because they were rich. His ma always used to say the rich lived different sorts of lives.  And you didn't have to be a genius to see that these people were the richest of the rich.  Their house was gorgeous, the hall wide and lushly carpeted, with art on the walls and fancy decorations on the shelves.  Every room seemed bigger than the apartment he and his ma lived in.  Which admittedly was not saying much.
"Never mind.  ...what if we used a plant?"  Tony was still looking at the map, critically.  "Y'know, put an omega in there."
Then Steve sank back down, taking Tony in deep until the head nudged the back of his mouth. Then he began to bob his head, keeping it thorough and slow as his tongue traced that familiar vein on the underside. He knew Tony's clicks by now, what made him moan and what made him grab Steve and flip him over... but this was about taking his time right now, giving Tony the time he deserved.
"The bike sounds good," Steve said and perked up noticeably at that. "You wanna ride?" he offered tentatively, knowing Tony had expected to last time.
"I-- I want to go," Steve said, calmer than he had been a minute ago as he ran a hand over his face. "I'm not giving up. But I don't want to do it like
...maybe it was because Steve was old fashioned. Especially an omega, in the forties, wouldn't sleep with anyone but his Alpha.  Not ever. Or at least, he
They ended up with Tony against the headboard so Steve could lean his head against his chest. He still didn't say anything. Tony was warm and firm and he smelt like home. Also, right now, he smelt like cheap coffee and maybe a faint hint of whiskey on his clothes. Steve let his eyes slip shut and buried his face against Tony's chest. He felt safer than he had in about a week. He felt grounded and steady and
He walked back into the room with as much cheery confidence as he could muster.  "I told them I am perfectly happy with my long-distance surface," he informed Natasha calmly, dropping onto the sofa next to Steve and reaching for his hands again.
"How is this 'normal'? You guys have to have a weird little conference every year because it's the only place where this shit is normal. Even in the forties we could have called this behaviour conservative," Steve said and DeSoto frowned a little like he was only just realising what time Steve was actually from. "And I don't want to beat you up, Jesus Christ. That's the exact
to. Because I like that stupid twitch your left eye makes when you're annoyed, the crease in your brow when you're thinking. I like the way you build things and take them apart and your creatively, and how goddamn amazing the things are that you create with your
Phil leaned in to Steve softly.  "We'll speak later, Captain. I'm going to take the Bartons.  ...thank you." He gave Steve a small nod.
And then he felt a strange overwhelming need to cry. What would he have done if today hadn't happened? What would he and Tony done when they realised?
He reached down and, wincing, worked his knot out of Steve, both of them hissing a little at the tightness.
Tony frowned.  A town full of people "hallucinating" that they had seen a suit-like entity... that sounded like a cover-up if Tony had ever heard one.  Gas leaks were second only to "training exercise" in terms of cover stories.
"I don't know... he wants kids, I'm getting old, and I lost two already."  Fred shrugged weakly. "...at least I'm not going to get murdered," he added, almost to himself.
Okay... so, yeah. The car was kind of amazing. The engine trembled in the car's body just right and it almost made Steve's hands shake with excitement as he backed it up and then slowly guided it out of the garage. took a turn. He understood why Tony was so excited  now. Steve wanted to see how fast it could really go; he wanted to feel that rush. (He'd always been a bit of an adrenaline junkie.)  But he was cautious as he pulled out of the estate and turned onto the highway; Captain America couldn't be caught for speeding.
"It's a fucking dirty trick," said Tony after a moment.  "I read some of Frond's book. It's good. But... dangerous."  He scooted closer to Steve and rested his head on Steve's shoulder.  "I don't want to be an Alpha like Frond."
"Although, we should definitely get a beta. An omega would probably try to join in." Smelling other omegas in preheat certainly made Steve excited. But he didn't understand the want for a threesome with one. Regardless of his whole jealousy issues (which he was talking about in therapy) the thought of having sex with someone else who was... submissive did not appeal to Steve. It was why he was attracted to Alphas; they were 'in charge.' Steve was aware not
again.  He's a real sap for stories like that."  Tony sighed and rose, dusting sandwich crumbs from his hands.  "He told me not to worry.  He's got some big meeting today and it's probably running late and they're all yelling at each other.  You're right, let's go.  I have a second jet.  I'm sure Steve'll meet me.  It's
Steve smiled back and something tingled in his chest. Phil was the first face he was when he woke up and now they'd suffered through a heat sort of together it felt like they were closer. It felt like they were good friends.
...that hadn't been so bad, figured Tony.  Steve was back and he seemed safe. He seemed stable, sort of.  That was the most important thing, right? Yeah, Tony reassured himself.  Ultimately, his number one goal was Steve's safety. And Steve was safe. So it was okay.
well Steve did too.  Like most omegas, he was attracted to Alphas, regardless of their sex. "I suppose I can nap once I'm at Clint's," he said, his resolve crumbling. If Steve was going to bother to catch a jet somewhere he was going to stay for at least a day to make the journey worth it.
"It's not," Steve assured him. "And I'm guessing it's not yours either. It can't be fun to work for this."
Tony grabbed a new martini on his way after Steve and company.  Fortunately, Steve kept getting stopped by admiring fans, so he was easy to catch up to.  By the time he'd made it up to Steve, Tectonic ("Seriously, man, just call me Trey.") and Danielle from Status Alliance and Tracy and Alexis were all plotting together to get Steve good and drunk.
"You're still my mate.  I still care about you," he said quietly.  He leaned forward and nuzzled Steve's nose.  "...sometimes I need space. Sometimes I need time to process.  Seeing you... like that. It was hard. But I'll always get over it.  I'm good at getting over stuff. I just need space sometimes. ...you get that, right?"
Tony felt their breaths and heartbeats sync up again, unintentionally.  He fingered the mark on Steve's neck, his feelings a confusing jumble of anger and betrayal and love and trust.
"Run, rabbit.  Before they begin to torture you, too," said the man on the ground, grinning maniacally.
"You're not really in a position to negotiate," said Pepper, crossing her arms.  "Steve, do you want anything? You should be eating, too. I'm going to make Phil a sandwich while I'm in here."  She stepped over them and opened the fridge.
"You know I can hear you, right?" snarled Tony, sitting up.  His stomach flipped but so far he was holding everything down.  "What problem?"
have PTSD or something.  You stress yourself out too hard and then you have these self-destructive meltdowns, and frankly, that's kind of my thing so I'd appreciate it if you stopped copying me."
"Steve-- Steve, stop-- ow... Steve, stop, I'm too sensitive-- get off," protested Tony, tugging.  His knot pulled him back and Steve whimpered, wriggling on top of him. "Steve, c'mon, stop... I'll give you more later... you have to go do that interview today before you're in a full-blown heat," said Tony, reaching down to try to shimmy his knot out of Steve.  Steve had a vice-like grip on it; Tony's fingers were soon slippery with Steve's fluids. "Let go... I promise you'll get more later..."
"She's perfect," Steve whispered and almost felt like crying again for an entirely different reason.
Lying in bed was only appealing because it involved contact with Steve, but that was enough to win Tony over.  He could do some of his work from a tablet anyway.
"You may show me," he said, tone guarded.  If the omega was trying to curry favor with him hoping it would benefit him later, it didn't matter.  When Karpov eventually came for him (he always did, after all), then he would follow orders, whatever they were.  But there was no harm, as far as he could tell, in gaining some new insight to bonding.
The headline jumped out at him: WORC AND HORSESHOE SOCIETY LOBBY FOR CAPTAIN AMERICA'S RELEASE.  Below that, the article continued:
Tony matched Pepper's breathing, trying to calm himself down.  "...is it always this bad?" he asked, feeling like a child.  Tony couldn't ever remember feeling this out of control.  Not that he had much experience, but he was certain Jarvis never prompted quite this strong a reaction from him.
"Not with my employer, no," Steve said carefully. "The United States goverment's always been real good to me and it's only gotten better since the forties. One of the first people I met when I woke up was an omega with a high up position, and another helped train me. They don't see status. They just see people."
He leaned his head back. "That felt good," he whispered, a smile in his voice. "We should do that again sometime."  Steve resisted the urge to squirm against Tony again just wind him up some more.
Steve was pretty sure the answer was gonna be no but it never hurt to ask. Then he sent it to Donner.
"Sometimes I wish I could feel this all the time," Steve whispered, voice thick was the aftermath of arousal and all the panting and moaning he'd just done. "It's the calmest feeling there is." He arranged his arms under his head so he was more comfortable and huffed out a soft puff of air when he felt Tony shift inside of him.
He swallowed. His heart sank in his chest. Was he really going to send Bucky away from him?  After thinking he was lost and then rediscovering him decades later?
Steve swallowed thickly and stared down at the floor. "He... he smelt like him. I already told Tony that."
A lazy smile graced Steve's lips and he pressed their foreheads together before nudging their noses together too. "I love you, Tony Stark."
"...I should've been here to begin with," said Tony quietly.  "...both of us have been so caught up with the whole omega rights things but it sort of occurred to me that... it sucks for Alphas, too.  To have this burden to be all macho all the time, to be assertive and dominant and in charge. That we sort of... set up expectations for both statuses.  We expect omegas to be obedient and subservient but we also expect Alphas to be these aggressive leadership types, and then we judge people's worth based on how well they conform to that, even though half of the expectations that we set up aren't ones that we have any control over in the first place.  It's fucked up, you know?" He lapsed into silence, then remember what Gleason said. "...Steve, whatever happens, it's not your fault, okay? That he bit you. And even if it... heals... y'know, not with mine... I'm not going anywhere again. To hell with what the media thinks. I'm Iron Man and if that's not enough, they can go fuck themselves."
"Oh my God. These are both tomorrow." Steve accepted the cards and let his head fall into his hand, elbow propped up on the table. "It's going to be like a therapy marathon.  Are you kidding me?"
They came back from England with Steve holding the heavy metal briefcase under his arm.  Nick Fury and Maria Hill were waiting for them at the airport.
"Fuck... call Gleason... can we get, like, twenty Plan Bs or something?" asked  Tony in alarm. "Fuck, fuck, fuck... why are you so
"He can come around on the thirtieth if he wants," Steve said, figuring he'd have nothing better to do. "Nat and Clint have said they can come too, right?" He checked and Aria nodded. He missed them. He hadn't seen his friends in a while, because of the heat and Christmas and house arrest...
enough to make up for the weeks of secrecy, the weeks of spying on him and reporting on him.  This was the real Steve, the Steve who didn't want to hide anymore.  As a person who took a lot of pride in having his personal life on display for the public, Tony couldn't have been prouder.
A lot of people were staring at them. Like a lot. Steve should have probably thought about this. They'd have to get the hotel to mail them their clothes or something...because there was no way they were going to be able to leave this place like normal people. And Steve was about to point out that Gideon invited them so really, they weren't to blame here, but then--
"I love you." Steve sighed. "I need you to know that." He nuzzled against Tony's cheek and then reluctantly pulled back. He fixed his hair in the mirror; thankfully none of it was pink with blood. There was no bruises in sight (unless you looked closely at his knuckles). Steve, considering, really looked rather good. But they all saw him arrive already; he was fooling nobody.
Steve knelt in an instance, and it was the most beautiful thing Tony had ever seen.  It was like the Northern Lights or the Great Barrier Reef, a unique, natural, incomprehensibly lovely thing and Tony felt like he could literally weep.  He was still curled on the couch and a part of him wanted to drop down with Steve, enfold him.  But that wouldn't have been right or proper.  Not yet.  Because, deep down, he understood this was a power dynamic; Steve was submitting to his dominance and Tony had to accept that, had to demonstrate his authority to Steve and validate his yielding.
She was examining him closely with her red eyes, and he didn't like it.  Didn't like her eyes or her smell. Didn't like anything about her. Judging by the smells of the other Alphas in the room, neither did they.  She was... off-putting.
magazine.  Hanging out with Pepper and sitting through meetings had been terminally boring.  But safe. It had been safe.
Steve and Haley were swaying along easily.  Haley let Steve lead since he was taller. "Honestly, I owe you a huge debt... I don't think we'll be allowed back next year, and I'm fine with that," she said happily.  "All the other omegas are just so boring, you know? Every time I ended up in a room with the popular ones, I wanted to stick a knife into my gut. You know, the popular ones: DeSoto, Waffles, Donner, Vix, Shimmer... Ashtray used to be in that group until Mike dumped him..."  She shook her head a little. "Absolutely barbaric. At least I don't have to work alongside any of them. My mate, she's got the patience of a saint." She let Steve dip her. "How have you been holding up? I saw in the paper you and Tony are wearing bands now."
Pepper sighed and moved to take one of the seats in the room. "In...in Steve's heat..." She ran a hand over her face, then looked at Tony, her expression pained. "He told me you were always going to love me more." It obviously made her uncomfortable to say it. "I thought it was just his heat talking... but maybe not."
fans are omegas.  I guess we get fans based on what people relate to.  I mean, don't know what it's like to have heats."
"Hey JARVIS?  ...don't let anyone deliver tulips to us again, okay?  If a florist tries to come in here with tulips, turn them away.  We're only taking orchids.  Capiche?"
"You did go AWOL for an entire day," Sam dead panned. Steve kind of felt like he was talking to the counselor version of Sam right now.
The asset hopped the roof, nearly falling off, and staggered over to the tangle of blond omegas on the roof.
Tony stared out the window gloomily.  "...shitty," he said honestly.  He didn't really feel like talking about it with her.  He'd gone and talked to Ivan, a brief, five-minute encounter that had been five minutes too long.  He had learned nothing, aside from the man's name.  Ivan Vanko.  And that he knew how to build an arc reactor.  And then he knew what an arc reactor, placed into a human body, did.
"I thought it'd be nice," he said gruffly, hoping against hope that Steve wouldn't think this connection was a big deal.  It wasn't. Literally, Tony hadn't seen her in like, twenty years.
"I don't know if I can get them in the car like that," Happy said as he stood in the doorway, having been beckoned with a text from Pepper. "Without seatbelts on it's not safe."
The moment Nate was down, Tony put a firm hand on Steve's arm and pulled him away.  "He won't understand until later," said Tony quietly, tugging Steve away. "Come on.  We should keep sweeping. I forgot to put the tape on the door and we should probably drag Melinda up here to explain how they--"  He couldn't finish.
The worst part was feeling the disappointment and loss and sadness roll off of Steve.  Tony wanted his mind to shut up, for once, but snapshots snuck in.  Images of Steve chasing around a toddler, playing with them, tucking them into bed.  Steve would probably be a great parent, just like he was a great everything.  But in Tony's imagination, there was no place for him.  At best, he was on the sidelines, in the shadows, nursing a glass of whiskey, just like his own father had.  Tony didn't know how to play catch or treat a scraped knee or make a kid eat their vegetables.  Fuck, he could barely care for himself.  He and Steve had dodged a bullet.  And Tony was left with a sense of... not being good enough, not being a good Alpha, which was only compounded by the fact that Steve thought Bucky was still alive and that Bucky was somehow unaged, unmarred... still in the prime of his life, his twenties...
"Everything looks normal, yes," said Dr. Gleason, still moving his fingers around.  Steve was squirming and Tony could practically feel the violation because he kept twitching and gripping Tony's hand every time the doctor hit a sensitive spot.
Shoving his tie aside, he unbuttoned his shirt to check the arc reactor.  Several dark red streaks were emanating off of his chest.  Tony felt sick to his stomach; he buttoned his shirt back up, trying to control the shaking in his hands, and splashed some cold water on his face.
want you to engage, Buck," Steve said firmly as he took another corner, down a narrow street towards the garage. They'd take a bike. They could go faster on a bike. "Can you hot wire a bike?" he asked.
Tony breathed a sigh of relief when they got home and slipped off to his shop.  He needed a new core on the arc reactor, and he also needed to beat off and to nap.
Donner shrugged.  "We could light the fireplace.  That would be festive." His face lit up a little.  "Can you believe it's only seventeen days until Christmas?"
Steve thought back to his first ever bond. He'd gotten a fever a few days later but it was winter and fevers were normal for him. Bucky had still convinced himself that it was his fault, however. That this was his doing because of the bond...Steve had thought he was stupid for thinking so, but maybe now he'd been right. Maybe because they'd never had sex his body had tried to push it away. But he'd been so weak back then- there was no way he could have gotten rid of it. The fever had been bad, but not the worst. Steve hadn't nearly died or anything, which was good for him back then.
"If you steal him away, you'll blow our cover," warned George.  "You told us, Captain, that we had until the end of June to collect evidence to bring down all the camps... if we screw up now, some of them will slip through the cracks, and they'll be a lot more careful, going forward."
"I think...I think..." Steve whispered, frowning.  He suddenly felt imminently about to pass out.  He felt sick but sleepy, overwhelmingly so.  And it was not a natural seepiness.
Tony pictured Steve wearing one before he could help himself, then immediately felt guilty.  His boner wilted.
everyone was.  The men showing off their baby pictures, the women swapping stories of home improvements since last year's conference, shared laughter and memories and experiences.  These people didn't seem like monsters but their thought processes were so fucked up. Tony almost felt like they needed saving as much as their omegas; most of them seemed to have fond, indulgent attitudes and it was creepily familiar to Tony, because that's exactly how his father had always spoken of Jarvis.  Tony had certainly never considered their relationship anything other than good and mutually beneficial.
The way he was speaking-- it was almost like Bucky was back. Steve wanted to reach out but there were glass and bars between them. He wanted to feel him. Feel how alive he was.
He spotted a male omega dressed up in hotel uniform and managed to get him to take his jacket to go up to their room.
The state of Nevada, which had desperately hoped to make an example out of Tony, had in the end found him not guilty of all charges, but had required him to pay back the Bellagio for damages and had also permanently revoked his license, stating that Tony's "temporary Les Vegas insanity" clearly demonstrated that he could not be trusted to drive while within the borders of the state.
He nuzzled Steve's neck lovingly.  He had decided to employ his new meditation techniques not only to cheat the hell out of SHIELD's test, but also to bury his fears about Bucky and the Winter Soldier and Steve's old bond.
Sam shot him a look of annoyance.  "...they're letting you off the hook because people do crazy things for their mates.  ...not that you've been acting like much of a mate to him, lately."
"O Captain, my Captain," he breathed, reaching out to slide a hand over Steve's buttocks.  The last time he'd seen these shorts, it had been on a poster. The outline of Steve's genitals was clear and well-defined.  Tony grinned, running both hands over the slippery material. "How in the hell did you get ahold of these?" he asked, his hands exploring Steve's body.  The curved outline of his erection on his stomach was practically begging to be touched, but Tony was too busy sliding his hands over Steve's legs and ass.  When his hand ran over Steve's cock it swelled a little under him, straining for more.
"Steve!"  His voice was hoarse from saying it.  The word had become a mantra, a prayer.  "Steve!" The word was swallowed up in the small space, the opposite of an echo.  "Steve!"
It was grim but it was the truth. This wasn't personal to Steve, at least...it wasn't mostly. Steve had gotten a lot of omegas in trouble. That was a fact. ...but it still hurt that they were all having a 'slumber party' without him... goddammit. Steve wasn't
Steve whined in approval as Tony tugged on his hair sharply, his eyes glazing over with a new kind of lust that he hadn't quite felt before. He hummed around Tony in approval at the notion of him swallowing, sucking at him with earnest.
and get no say on it. Did he actually enjoy it or was it just easier for him to pretend he did? How much did it screw with his self-esteem? Fred was 'cute,' but Shimmer was something else.
wants to speak to you, immediately, about how to proceed," a woman rushed up to his side, holding a phone out to Karpov. Steve watched curiously. Obviously they didn't want to know who it was. Did that mean he knew him or that they just decided to retain a level of secrecy? Were they actually afraid of Steve escaping, or not?
Aria returned Pepper's smile, looking excited as she moved to get into the backseat next to Steve. "Oh, just so you know. Most of the acts are betas, one is a band with an Alpha lead and then we have two omegas. So, it's a good mix."
Tony looked down at Steve and beamed.  "Great birthday," he confirmed, petting Steve's hair.  Steve looked so sweet in the collar. Tony ran a couple of fingers along the edge of it, brushing Steve's neck lightly.  "...the, uh... the Captain America get-up... that was inspired, Steve. My teenage self is very, very happy." He gave Steve a kiss on the top of the head.  "You want me to take off that collar so we can get the day started?" he offered.
to get you off of me, you are sadly mistaken.  This is really doing it for me, actually," breathed Tony softly, staring into Steve's eyes.  Then, barely audible, suddenly serious, he added, "...I trust you."
"Welcome back, sir.  And welcome back, Captain Rogers," intoned JARVIS.  "Eighty-four," he added, in response to Steve's question.
Steve left all the tactical gear in the back of the car to make sure nothing would grab anyone's attention. Then he grimaced before spitting on the case and wiping the blood away. There was still a pair of handcuffs attached but there wasn't much Steve really could do about that. It was nearing 11 pm, however, so the hotel staff would be the night shift. There would at least be less people around.
The thing that rankled Tony was the idea that Steve was being elevated above his social status.  Steve was competent, sure.  He spoke multiple languages and he seemed like he was excellent at scheduling.  But he was still just an omega in a business that attracted scores of Alphas and Tony disliked seeing Pepper treating Steve like he was already in their inner circle.  Howard had always treated Jarvis that way, but hell, Jarvis had been with him since the forties.  The two were practically pair-bonded.  Jarvis's loyalty to the Stark family was legendary.  At times, he was like a second father to Tony.  But he'd
Tony woke up, sand covering and probably ruining his suit, which was worth about as much as a used sedan.
Tony noted, with interest, one bottle was intact.  He wrestled with the top of it, not caring what kind of liquor it was, as long as it would keep him numb, keep his world rocking, keep his misery at an arm's length.
Tony stole a few peeks at Steve when Steve removed the towel to fluff his hair out.  His body looked as perfect as ever. The bite on the back of his neck had healed rapidly and was now a shiny pink. It disappeared under a high-collared jacket.  Yes, Tony had decided, the other mark would certainly fade.  It only looked bad because it had been infected.  That was all.
"An Alpha does not follow what anyone says but his omega. That is what bonding is. Trusting each other when you don't have anyone else." Steve replied calmly, watching Bucky with an almost curious look in his eye.
"Hill, this isn't a good-" protested Steve as he hopped around Tony's walk-in closet, getting his sneakers on.
Gideon sounded pissed off, tired but also amused. It was a confusing mixture of things. Steve was torn between being a dick and hanging up on him.
"Stark Tech," said the woman with disgust in her voice.  "Now that he's done with designing weapons, they've got him designing soldiers to act as weapons.  I fucking hate that guy.  He's, like, the war machine incarnate.  I bet the VA gave this dude a new arm and then tossed him out onto the street without even asking him how he felt.  Bet you in another two weeks they'll send him right back there to fight their oil war for them."
.  We have another two hours before we get to Yemen.  So until then I don't want to hear any debate."
He stopped short and scanned the stairwell.  Had he just heard that or thought it? If he'd thought it, where had the thought come from?  He felt a strange sense of anxiety that he wasn't sure he'd ever felt before.
When Steve pulled away, he gave Tony a small lick, and that was what undid him.  Tony's hips jerked involuntarily and he came with a breathy moan of relief, reaching down to wrap a hand around himself, riding out his climax with unparalleled bliss.
"Still counting. The donations won't stop coming in for a while, Steve. But thousands, hundreds of thousands." Aria looked excited herself, she was practically bouncing on her feet. "This was awesome. You're awesome!"
"I don't get why you even need the tracker.  Can't you just use your bond to locate him?" asked Happy casually.
, call someone and get rid of him.  I don't care if he's confused. He hurt you! Fuck him! ...and let me go!"
"I can handle French," Steve assured her quickly but Pepper wasn't really listening. She just had her eyes on Tony. This moment exposed how close they truly were. Though Pepper insisted on several occasions that they weren't together, but maybe they had been once? Or they would be. Steve wasn't entirely sure, but either way wouldn't surprise him. And either way their friendship was obviously a precious thing.
"Come on. I'll show you how to use it and then I'll grab a shower," Steve offered and moved to take Tony's hand as they left the gym.  "When should we leave for the Expo by?" Steve asked as they headed into the kitchen and moved to grab a cup. He placed it in the coffee machine and then pressed a red button on the top.  "And that... is literally it," Steve told him as the dark liquid shot out into the cup.
"I want you to get a cab to our house. JARVIS will let you in. We're coming back tonight," Steve murmured, staring down at Tony's form. He'd have to ask if Trickshot could transfer hospital. "Pepper and Aria should be there, and if Gideon sends any men around, they'll deal with them. And remember, so long as you're somewhere of your own free will, they have no right to take you anywhere. Got it?"
And then the crowd laughed and the awkwardness was gone as quickly as it came. It was Christmas. No one wanted to talk about serious oppression in the forties. They wanted cutesy Steve Rogers laughing over his failures with modern day technology...and well, that was what they were going to get.
Dr. Brazinski was nodding in agreement.  "Not everything needs to be a fight, Steve.  You're not a soldier anymore. And that shouldn't be the only way you define yourself."
They sat at the bar and poured each other drinks and Tony got her talking.  A mediocre life.  A new used car and a boyfriend that hadn't worked out and an annoying roommate and a cat named Gazpacho or something stupid.  Tony "uh-huh"ed at all the right parts, putting away as many shots as he could.  God, normal people were fucking boring.  Even JARVIS was more interesting than this woman.
The sun was up, but a glance at the bedside clock told him it was the next day.  Tony's brain did the math instantly.  He'd been asleep for sixteen hours.
"It's been a rough week, but yes," he said, feeling almost uncomfortable the question. Steve didn't want to talk about this with Tony's old school friend.
Tony, surprisingly, didn't react.  Or at least, not negatively. Instead, he replied, "Well, on such short notice, the Winter Soldier wasn't available.  He had an Elk Club meeting to get to."
Tony crawled forward, pushing Steve's body down with his, wrapping his arms around his torso, gathering him up, holding him,
Steve tugged out of his grasp and pulled away from him. And without another word he pulled open the sash, climbed out of the window, and fell.
Tony had stopped reading after unearthing a letter from Peggy Carter.  It seemed to be consoling Howard about losing Steve and the language made it clear that Howard's letter to her had been a heartfelt one.
"--and so I wanted to auction all these off, we have hundreds, it would be a nice little charity thing, what'd you think?"
Of course, he understood, even as he whined, that it wasn't really a "favor" and Fury wasn't really "asking."  Iron Man didn't get "asked."  He got burdened.  And Tony knew that despite his protests, he and Steve weren't going to be going back to the hotel that evening; he, like Steve, had something he prove, and he, like Steve, wouldn't have been able to say no to Fury's favor even if he'd thought Fury would accept no for an answer.
knew where these goddamn glands are..."  Tony couldn't keep the bitterness out of his voice.  "How the hell is it that I'm forty and you're ninety-four and neither of us knows any of this stuff?  These guys are supposed to be the backwards ones, not us." He paused. "...you gonna spend tonight with the other omegas?  You should try to talk to Rex... did you hear he was at the same place as Ty? I wonder if they knew each other."
"Four just peeled off.  They're heading back to the Expo," reported Rhodey.  "They're trying to lure you back.  Don't take the bait."
Since Dr. Ludheim had directed Colonel Karpov not to do any more retraining sessions, Karpov had begun giving Bucky medicine instead.
Tony's fingertips slid up Steve's shoulder to the scar on the back of his neck.  Steve, who barely scarred at all, who healed so rapidly.  Who still retained Tony's bite.  Tony felt a surge of affection; he kissed Steve's temple.  "...where's Pepper?" he asked, changing the topic.  "Can I talk to Pepper?  Where's Rhodey?  Is he okay?"
...the fact that Bucky was a ninety-year-old man didn't mean Tony didn't need a new suit of armor.  Just in case.
The other issue was getting the plates to interlock correctly.  The larger plates, such as the seams on the torso, were easy. But the tinier ones, like on the gauntlets, were damned near impossible, especially since they were trying to interlock while moving through the air or across the floor.  And on top of that, Tony didn't want to get pinched. He was fairly committed to being Iron Man, but not enough that he was willing to have his dick accidentally clamped.
"Thank you," Steve said and located the pancakes on the edge of the counter, piled high on a plate. "What's your name, son?"  To be fair, Steve was only physiologically in his late twenties.  But he felt so much older than that.  And despite his youthful looks, most people who knew him treated him like he was older, because his mannerisms were that of a much older man.  A man of his own generation.
But Steve saw the shadow pass over his face, the tiny wrinkle in Tony's brow and around his eyes that meant he had processed it and was probably having some sort of internal flashback.  The coiling in his gut confirmed it.
Natasha slid the door closed after she'd board and slipped away to the front, straight into the cockpit, giving them privacy oh-so-subtly just in case they wanted any. Right now Steve just really wanted water and a bed. He felt like he was ready to sleep for about twelve hours.
He crossed the room to sit on the couch and get the remote.  He had to push aside the vase of roses and the small black box.
Steve set Tony down on the bed gently. "Now just give me a second to get out of these God-awful clothes and I'll join you."  Both of their outfits were probably ruined beyond repair.
it, you know? But in the end he's a grown man. I could throw out all the alcohol in the house but within a hour he could replace it all. He knows I would support him in going cold turkey," Steve said simply and shrugged. "He... just don't want to. And there's nothing I can do about that, is there?"
"I'll pass you on Gene's details," Steve told Brent, pulling out his phone. Since the conference Piper hadn't messaged him once. He wasn't sure if it was a bad sign or not.
know, I just... it didn't click until I saw you doing your thing.  But I love you, Steve. I love you even if you're a leg-breaking psychopath, you're my omega and I want you to be happy and I think you're a damned incredible soldier."
Swaying like this with Steve was nice.  Intimate, despite the loudness around them and the density of bodies.
Jasper reached up to loosen his tie, studying their faces.  "Fine. I don't know where he is. I know where he
"I'm... I think I'm... more cold than hot, I think.  I... feel..." Tony shook his head. "This is hard."
"Well, it was also about you illegally crossing national borders and getting a half-dozen SHIELD agents to invade a sovereign country without authorization, but tomatoes, tomahtoes, right?" said Tony brightly.
"Want to find out what I can do?  Do you? Try me. I've got your brother and I've got nothing to lose," snarled Tiberius.
Tony's mouth flooded and Steve leaned forward; Tony couldn't have pulled away if he wanted to.  He swallowed, gripping Steve hard, Steve jerking and twitching in his mouth.
A group in the middle were bickering over the lunch someone bought whilst a male omega sat off to the side drinking a milkshake with a shit-eating grin. Then he saw Steve and got up in an instant. "Oh my God! You're here! Steve's here!"
Aria rolled her eyes. "You have time to travel, why not?  You have the money, too.  You and Tony should go visit somewhere nice."
The Alpha was evidently somewhat pleased at the thought of fucking Steve- but then seriously, who wouldn't at least he, a little bit? Steve was, after all, a perfect human specimen.
"Don't be sorry.  It's totally not true," said Tony firmly.  "They chose Steve because they knew he wouldn't give up, and that's what they needed.  A guy who wouldn't give up. Status had another to do with it."
"Oh, sweet Sagan, my head... fuck..."  He squinted at Steve, running a hand through his hair, aware that it was sticking up and he probably looked like hell.  He looked down at the food in front of him.  He felt like he had woken up to another dream.  Everything felt surreal.
?” said Tony, staring at Steve incredulously, lowering the carton of juice.  Steve gave a sheepish shrug.
Tony took one last swig of whiskey before stalking upstairs.  Their brief conversation had helped a lot.  She'd said what he needed to hear about Bucky, and she was taking action on the miscarriage thing.  Tony actually felt a hell of a lot better.
"I'll get the stuff signed by tomorrow," Steve assured him. Pepper smiled at him tiredly and patted his arm.
"I warned you, didn't I?" said Pepper, leaning against the tiled wall of the men's bathroom, tapping one heel impatiently, arms crossed.  Tony was kneeling in front of the toilet, quietly retching. "I told you no drinking and you just couldn't help it, could you?"
Tony huffed a sigh.  He disagreed with Steve on that one.  It was too late to save Ty from getting shipped off to some fucked up torture camp where they'd cut out his bonding gland and who knows what else; Tony wondered if Ty smelled as eerie to other omegas as he did to Alphas.  He'd already asked Pepper, who had been surprised and said, no, of course she didn't sense anything wrong, how could she? Tony had struggled to explain to her what it smelled like but it had proved impossible because hormonal cues and pheromones were practically a sixth sense and Pepper, as a beta, had no way to even know what normal smells were like, how easily you could distinguish Alphas and omegas, how easily you could read hierarchies.
come with me, Donner?  You just gonna keep doing this every night until someone finally bonds with you?"
"I thought that was...I thought you were okay with it," Steve filled in, suddenly feeling awkward. He didn't know how Tony felt. Would he forgive him, did he think he could do? He reached out to Tony when he turned around but then quickly pulled his hand back, feeling nervous.
"I also really don't think I should be here for this conversation," Steve added meekly. He heard Pepper sigh on the other end. It was a familiar sound. "This is between you two."
Carter smacked his hand.  "Knock it off.  You need that, trust me.  You nearly lost your spleen.  If Cap hadn't gotten you here as fast as he had, you'd be a goner."
He would think of this like a mission.  As Steve had said, an Alpha listened to his omega, that's what bonding was all about.
there. Every smile, every moment of fun made him hyperaware of the people that wouldn’t share any of it.
But it had been like having the super soldier serum administered. White hot, but there was a promise of something better that made it bearable.
Tony was silent, and it took Steve a couple seconds to realize that he had silent tears streaming down his cheeks.
The vibration that had been under his skin turned into what felt like eruptions, all over his body. He was burning, melting, freezing, flying, falling,
And Steve…did what he could. Captain America wasn’t really needed when there was hardly an America. So, he went out a couple hours every day and talked to people. It wasn’t much, but someone had to.
“Um. What if you stayed?” Tony asked, smaller than Steve’s ever heard from him. Something warm flooded Steve’s veins, and how could he refuse?
“She…she was never scared for herself, but I was. Especially after Killian. It made me so aware that anyone associated with me would be a target. It drove me nuts. That’s why we…y’know. Split up for a while. I was so…I was so terrified for her safety that I pushed her away. It was a miracle she came back. And now…and now….”
And then he saw Captain Danvers flung across the sky as Thanos reclaimed the gauntlet, and felt sick to the stomach at the realization.
Even Tony was leaving the tower now and again. He was helping rebuild infrastructure that had been lost due to plane crashes, or from nuclear powerplants that had suddenly combusted from the power of the stones. He was in his lab a lot again, since SI was still somewhat up and running, and no longer had a CEO. He was building anything and everything that would aid in the relief effort.
Steve sat up, pulling Tony into his arms. He rubbed his hands soothingly down Tony’s back. It wasn’t the first time he’d had a nightmare.
Tony was staring off into space, unable to finish his sentence. Steve put a reassuring hand on his shoulder, that would hopefully say
Carol still checked in. The effects of the stones were settling, but many populations were struggling. Earth had, apparently, gotten lucky. Not every planet had been wiped evenly. Some civilizations only had a few functioning members left in them. She aided in relocating them.
Steve stood, pulling the tray out of the way in favor of pulling Tony into a half-hug, half- conciliatory touch. Whatever it was, Tony accepted it.
Tony had won the argument that night. He probably could have again, but this time, he decided to keep his mouth closed.
“What do you need, Tony?” Steve pressed gently, putting his hand on Tony’s chest, careful to avoid the arc reactor.
“And you remembered it was real?” Steve asked, softly. Tony nodded, pulling Steve close to him. Close enough to feel the arc reactor dig into his own chest.
Tony and Steve talked regularly now. It wasn’t uncommon for them to be in the same room for extended periods of time, sometimes talking, sometimes not.
“The feeling of, no matter what we do, it’s never going to be the same? We can try to keep moving along, but the world, the
They would often end up talking into late hours of the night. Steve would usually leave once he saw Tony’s eyes begin to droop from exhaustion.
Rhodey was all over Earth. He had branched out from helping just the US. He seemed to be aiding almost every army, creating an even stronger reason for the sustained peace.
They were practically ghosts during the first year. It became apparent that people are made up of the company they chose to keep, and it’s hard to be anyone when you don’t have company.
“You can do it. You’re almost there,” Steve reassured. He could feel the random hiccups in Tony’s breathing disappearing.
But people played sports with each other in front yards. People would sing or dance wherever they could, and a small group could form, cheering them on.
Thor was mostly out of communication. Last they heard of him, he had claimed some ocean-side town as Asgard.
People would actually smile at each other in grocery stores. He started seeing kids outside, playing. Laughter wasn’t so foreign a sound anymore.
Tony was wearing a tight-lipped frown. “I…I don’t know. We’d have to have something powerful enough to warp time and space. I have no clue where to even begin with something like that.”
The last thing Steve felt wasn’t the war, or the fight, or the smell of death. It was Tony’s hand in his, and the unknown, but welcome knowledge that everything was finally right.
They didn’t touch, didn’t do anything. They simply slept, knowing for the first time in a long time that they wouldn’t wake up alone in the morning.
“Do you feel it too?” Tony had asked one time, setting down his wrench in the lab to look over at Steve.
Tony tried, and though his breaths were more stuttering and uneven, he was roughly able to match Steve’s breathing. Tony leaned forward, resting his forehead on Steve’s, his eyes closed. His hands found their way onto Steve’s back, and Steve realized that he was trying to
Rhodey looked after Tony, and communicated with what was left of the army. Every now and then, he left to do some kind of mission.
Steve took a seat on a chair next to the bed, accepting the tense silence as the atmosphere for tonight’s dinner.
They had gotten in touch with Wakanda. They were still reeling from the loss of so many of their leaders. But people were stepping up, and they were slowly recovering.
They spent more nights in each other’s rooms than they did on their own. It was never pushed past sharing a bed, or occasionally waking up in the others’ arms. The days were filled with casual touches and lingering contact, but that was the extent of it. They weren’t rushed to put a label on it. It was just something they both needed. To start and end days knowing that they weren’t alone.
The last five years propelled him, as opposed to weighing him down, as he fought side by side with his friends.
“What are you—” Tony began, obviously strained, but was cut short as Steve grabbed his hand. The sheer power of the stones immediately slammed into Steve. He could feel every square inch, every nerve, ever vein, being overwhelmed by the stones.
Tony was sitting up in his bed, looking out the window. He was still so bony and thin, but was slowly improving. However, even though he was getting back to health, he looked worse every day. Shadows under his eyes, unkept hair, the wild beard slowly making it’s way across his face.
Every day, he had tried to find something to hold onto, something to keep fighting for. If not for himself, then for all the other people who were trying to do the same.
Tony met Steve’s eyes one last time, and there were a million thoughts that passed between them in that moment. Things that were, things that would never be.
Steve watched as Tony registered what Strange was trying to communicate, and then looked over at Thanos.
Bruce and Thor were still gone. Natasha had rough tabs on them, but it was clear that they preferred to be alone at the moment.
Maybe he had been naïve to think that they would just get the stones and bring everyone back, without any if, ands, or buts.
Steve wished he could reach out and touch him, but he wasn’t sure if he had a body anymore. He felt so distant, detached. The thought of having limbs felt incomprehensible.
The shield made a satisfying sound against the back of Thanos’ head. The titan turned, only to be greeted with Mjolnir smashing into his nose.
His eyes were cracked open, but he was having a hard time registering what he was seeing. The world went in and out of focus around him.
Steve would never be able to explain what it was like. Tony was…blue. Light blue. And soft. Like the glow of his arc reactor.
Tony raised his arm, unflinchingly meeting Thanos’ gaze. The titan had been approaching, but now he froze. A look crossed his face, not unsimilar to the one Steve had just felt. An acceptance of what was to come.
Everything was completely silent. Maybe he had gone deaf. Maybe he was beyond sound. Whatever it was, it was nice after the cacophony of war.
Tony had leaped on to him, kissing the life out of him. Or, more realistically, kissing the life into him.
One night, while Rhodey was on one his missions, FRIDAY informed Steve that Tony had yet to eat anything that day.
Each day, Steve felt like he had more incentive to leave the tower and help, because things were improving. Roads were remade, memorials were built. Supplies were sent overseas.
Tony mumbled something, but it was broken up by Steve’s shirt, which was quickly growing wet with tears.
Tony was…well. Steve had never seen him like that. He didn’t even go near his lab. The genius, hell-bent on improving, adapting,
It had all been so silent. Everyone kept to themselves, even though most of them were residing in Avengers tower. They had decided to stay together, because they were each afraid of what would happen if they were truly on their own.
“No one can change the past, Tony. Not even you. We did what we could at the time, and all we can do now is help who’s left.”
Steve…struggled at being around Tony. Every conversation with him that had happened after his return always returned to how the Avengers hadn’t been a team when the world needed it most.
Sometimes it seemed that the smell of war would never find it’s way out of Steve’s nose. It always smelled the same, whether it was World War 2 or…this. It always reeked of burning and broken metal and…. death.
Tony’s eyebrows pulled together, but his concentration was ripped away as Thanos’ imposing form stood from the rubble.
Tony had been skeptical at first, but it wasn’t long before the promise of bringing back the ones he loved overshadowed it.
Steve tugged on Tony’s hand, and Tony stood up. He moved over to him and settled onto his lap, resting his chin on top of Steve’s head. Steve held him close.
Steve was glad they had persuaded Tony to stay at the tower. He didn’t want to think about what would have happened to him if they didn’t.
Steve wasn’t sure if he’d ever heard Bucky sound unsure. A brief imprint of long hair and the sun glinting off a metal arm was all he registered.
“Wrong?” Steve asked, sighing. He knew the truth. He managed to put it out of his mind while helping others, but it was there.
A blessedly, somewhat empty battlefield greeted him in those brief moments of clarity. No Thanos. No giant monsters.
Steve didn’t understand at first, his attention divided between Tony and the creatures that kept coming.
More than anything, there was a serene calm that passed over them, clashing with the power of the infinity stones that seemed to buzz under their skin.
“Tony, wait!” Steve called out. In a desperate effort to bide some time, Steve called down lightning to bury Thanos in an avalanche of rocks.
Hands pulled and pushed and gripped and clawed. They pressed so close together, it was difficult to tell where one began and the other ended. Bodies moved against each other, needing. Clothes were discarded. Tongues and teeth met skin. Whimpers of want and moans of promise spilled into the night.
And it was strange. Tony never brought up Siberia, or the fight. Didn’t talk about the Accords. It was always about the
Not normal as in how things were before, but more like everyone was learning to adopt a new normal. Like, sports games and concerts weren’t really happening anymore, because there weren’t enough people to support them.
Natasha was still doing her thing, but with more help. She had established coordination between the prominent leaders of the world, and was regularly getting updates. She wasn’t alone in her efforts anymore. She mentioned that she had found Clint, but refused to elaborate.
“Maybe this feeling is just part of losing,” Steve admitted into Tony’s shoulder. It was Tony’s turn to sigh, and he felt the arms around his back tighten.
“I…it wasn’t a nightmare.” Tony said, his breathing still uneven. Steve moved his hands into Tony’s hair, brushing it out of his face.
Some people used to not know death had a smell. But everyone became painfully aware of it during the last 5 years.
to slam his shield into hardly human-oid faces. There were stakes. He was all too familiar with what would happen if they lost again.
Steve liked watching him in the lab. He was completely in his element, and he seemed to hang on to it for dear life. It was like it was the only thing he was sure of anymore.
The first couple months, Steve had been sure that he would wake up. That it would all be a horrific nightmare.
People would make food and give it away to complete strangers. Support groups became widespread. Grieving mothers and fathers would house orphaned children.
Natasha fell quiet. "The scan will take a while; you should go do something useful," Coulson told her softly.
"...you can mate without bonding," said Bucky, rubbing his cheek on Steve's hair.  "Stark never wanted to bond you. Just get his dick wet. That's how he is." He paused.  "...Tony... he's the one... he's the one you said was happy? About losing the pup? ...must be some Stark curse, bein' a jerk."
Steve ducked his head down and kissed Tony's jaw and chin, a wickedly mischievous glint in his eyes as he cleaned up the rest of Tony's face by licking his own spent off of him. "You had no reason to start apologising," he said simply, sounding so characteristically sure of himself.  He looked back up at the crack on the hotel bed's headboard.
The funny thing was, it wasn't like it was a secret.  Steve was strong and independent and confident and assertive.  But he was also generally eager to please and take care of Tony.  They'd fallen into those roles naturally. Case in point: Steve had given Tony eight months' worth of blowjobs before Tony had ever put his mouth on him.  Case in point: Steve made Tony breakfast almost every morning and sometimes brought it to him in bed, while Tony was still uncertain as to how to make an omelette without over- or under-cooking it.  Case in point: Steve had been force-bonded and was being impaled by a ruthless media, and yet he was still willing to indulge one of Tony's fantasies.
He crouched behind the overturned vehicle, head throbbing.  The world was so loud it was quiet.  Tony could hear nothing but his own blood rushing through his veins.  And suddenly, there he was, up close and personal.
Gently, Steve rubbed Tony’s shoulders, using his thumbs to try to ease out the tension.  Tony’s muscles were surprisingly stiff.  He imagined that the Tony Stark lifestyle was a tense thing in and of itself, sometimes.
"Take all the time you need," said Fury, a hint of maliciousness in his voice.  If Steve weren't his omega, Tony would have liked Fury's attitude.  The guy was a bad ass and Tony admired that.  But when directed at Steve, it was different.  Tony fought the urge to bare his teeth; he watched as Fury, Coulson, Natasha, and the others left, closing the door behind him.  They left behind the manila folder on the table in front of the sofa. Tony eyed it curiously.
Steve let Tony move his head and then heard the other undoing his zipper and his breath hitched a little. "Okay," he said, after a beat. "I won't push you away again. I'm sorry. I didn't even know I could do that. I...I guess I was pretty...angry." His words became disjointed as Tony's finger slid down the sensitive skin of his ear. The touch was so innocent but Steve felt like it implied more.  "I guess it would help if I actually remembered to charge my phone for once, too."
Pepper relaxed noticeably when they dragged Steve and Tony off and followed Aria outside.  Pepper often joked that she'd take up drinking or smoking, but never had. It just wasn't in her nature.  She hardly even drank coffee.
But, Tony reminded himself, he was also a liar and a backstabber and a former friend of his father's.
"Tony..." His name came out breathlessly. Steve groaned quietly. "Please..." He whispered even though he wasn't entirely sure what he was asking for.
In the old Captain America comics, they'd never shown Steve as either weak and vulnerable and emotionally open, nor as violent and aggressive.  Steve was simply a mascot. He won wars by leading men into enemy territory, punching a few guys, giving a patriotic speech, and then posing in front of a flapping American flag.  Tony felt a bit disillusioned.
.  That's why you've done it."  Tony sipped his drink again, letting a peaceful silence fall between them.  Then he said, quietly, "Not everyone wants you to be that type of omega. I don't, for one.  I told you when I first met you, I like 'em uppity. Remember? ...you're not a quitter, Steve.  That's who you are. Being an omega, or an Alpha, those things don't really define us. We define ourselves, yeah?  I'm not a strong Alpha and I never will be. But I'm something better than that. I'm a billionaire playboy genius philanthropist super-hero.  People who care about status... those people live sad lives. They have nothing else to be proud of. But you're not just an omega. You're a golden-hearted patriot veteran soldier with enough morals to shame the Pope.  You're not a good omega. You're a good
"...Hammer's trial.  The total lack of consequences following that stint in Malibu back in May.  The fact you're getting
The omega grinned at him.  "I thought you might like to have one once in a while without needing to roll over and beg for it."
-- and-- and that there's nice stuff in it.  He doesn't need to know about-- about people like Gideon, yet."
Tony nosed Steve's hair, kissed the top of his head.  He knew Steve had already forgiven him but Tony didn't ask for that forgiveness because he didn't deserve it.
"You're so beautiful," mumbled Tony against Steve's lips, his fingertips running over Steve's skin.  His hand ran down's Steve's arm to his waistband; he pushed up Steve's shirt to press a hand against his abs.
"There.  I'm up," said Tony grumpily.  He pointed to Steve. "I bet Banksy doesn't boss around Boswell like this."  He'd been hoping Steve would use his "powers of persuasion" to issue an order sexier than "get out of bed," but he also knew this interview was important to Steve and despite his general orneriness, he did actually care about the interview.  It would be the first one they ever gave side by side, unless you counted the announcement at the expo. But Tony didn't like to admit when things mattered to him. He'd avoided telling Steve his trepidation about Christmas. Tony had a tradition; every year he and Pepper went up the lodge on Christmas eve.
But fear was something inherently simple and universal in all minds.  Even those the belonged to geniuses.  She'd brought him down; now, she only needed to keep him down long enough for her and her brother to have their revenge.
"And hey... Steve... don't worry about fixing everything immediately, okay?  You just got back. It takes time. Go slow," added Clint.
"This device is designed to create an electromagnetic field that keeps the foreign objects from moving in your atrial wall.  However, the electrical output also appears to be affecting your sinoatrial node."
He took the microphone. "I just want to say a massive thank-you to everyone here. Without you this couldn't have happened," Steve said, managing not to slur his words. "And this party is great but I'm afraid we have to go home early because Tony's not... feeling very well?"
"You're Captain America.  You're a badass, Steve.  Maybe even more than I am.  We're unstoppable, okay?  You wanna go home now, we can do that.  You wanna go in there and rub shoulders with Irshad from the WORC and Ellis, talk about safe spaces-- ironic, by the way, considering-- I'll be behind you every step of the way.  You're in charge here.  I'm with you now.  We're together and we got this, right?"
"Shit."  Natasha held her hands up.  Her body language was, for once, submissive, small.  "...give me the shield," she said, voice slow and measured.  "Come on. We have to go. Give me the shield."
A sudden, inappropriate memory: when Tony was ten or eleven he remembered reading a comic book series called
Since perusing her work, Tony couldn't get it off his mind.  He ordered Steve around all the time, but then again, he also ordered around Happy and Pepper (who were betas), and even Rhodey (who was an Alpha and more dominant than Tony was).
He gestured to the teenager who was standing over the stove, staring wide-eyed and speechless at Steve.
He had at least a few suits on display, thank God.  He made a beeline for the nearest, the Mark VI, conveniently located next to stage 4.  He wasn't even sure if it would work with the new arc reactor.  Fuck.  Oh, fuck.
Tony huffed again unhappily.  Maybe, he reassured himself, with time, he could be Steve's only Alpha, somehow.  After all, Bucky had to be old... maybe the guy would die soon.
When Steve asked to go, it wasn't a moment to soon.  He'd made the poor decision to have three cups of coffee and was starting to feel jittery in addition to drunk.
"It feels like my insides on fire.  It feels like I'm dying," Steve said over comms, his voice strained. He was very much slumped in Tony's arms; there was no way he could have walked right now. But HYDRA didn't try and take him...
Steve watched Tony retreat to the bathroom with a sigh. He really shouldn't be putting weight on his foot, it would only make it heal slower but Steve knew that Tony's pride played a part in his stubbornness more than anything else did. He slumped back on the sheets as he waited, gaze fixed on the pure white ceiling above. "JARVIS... can you order me some clothes and bill it from my account?" he asked the air. It would take him a while to get used to that.
He wondered how many orchids there were.  If they'd broken the 500 mark yet.  If he was going to have to hire on someone to care for the damn things until they could get rid of them, or at least give one of the gardeners a raise.
