A fine-boned hand lifted, bringing a halt to John’s introductory questions. He sputtered to a stop, waiting for some kind of explanation.
John let the card drop into his lap and covered his face with his hands. It had been 17 years since he'd last broken down in this sitting room. Memories flooded in as he wept—Sherlock pulling him close, stroking his neck, whispering into his hair that it was going to be okay. Eventually.
Dr. Awiti looked at Sherlock. The alpha was sitting very solemnly at John’s side, looking a little stricken. He locked eyes with Dr. Awiti and nodded.
Sherlock backed away and began to wring his hands. “You know that Mycroft has been interrogating a former CIA agent who came in offering to sell them secrets. And that this man first went to Magnussen.”
Normally, a three-day period with Sherlock somewhere else wouldn't have bothered him. But then normally, Sherlock would have been texting him at least three times a day to keep him informed. And normally, Sherlock hadn't spent a month sleeping in the extra bed in their daughter's room upstairs.
The second blow was slightly firmer. The sting made him grit his teeth and brought dampness to his eyes.
“All the other stuff, well…I don’t do it all by myself and I know you don’t expect that.” John lifted a wet hand to clasp Sherlock’s hand to his abdomen. “I’m not doing this alone, and I love you for it. I was saying that just the other day to Mary…”
“So all of that—it was just a trap?” he asked, dabbing mustard from his chin as he watched Sherlock stir more sugar into his coffee.
“I know that,” John said, trying to remain calm. “And I will do this. I just refuse to be treated like an invalid or a child.”
Greg turned on his heel to make his way up to John’s room when the kitchen door suddenly swung open.
Sherlock was about to comment that he wasn’t sure if John would ever be completely respectable, and that he was quite okay with that, when Angelo spotted them.
John smiled as he saw Greg Lestrade getting out of his BMW in front of 221B. “Hello. How are you feeling?”
“Dr. Watson-Holmes,” she began, stepping toward him with her hand outstretched. “Pleasure to see you again. And thank you for giving me this opportunity.”
“John, I don’t deserve anything, except maybe the work and a lifetime of the loneliness to which my disposition tends to lead.” Sherlock placed a hand on John’s injured shoulder. “Is this about giving up your full-time practice? I told you I didn’t think it was a good idea.”
Holmes glanced around the room and announced loudly, “I hereby waive my right to have a witness present during my intimate search.” He looked back at John. “Sufficient?”
“Oh, rot,” Margaret said. She reached for the dish of mash her omega husband, William, handed to her. He was seated beside her across from Greg and a very subdued Mycroft. “You look absolutely splendid. Robust and rosy cheeked. After all, you’re eating for two, aren’t you?”
John regretted the words the moment he'd spoken them. They were passive aggressive, and sounded accusatory and bitter. And needy. He didn't want to start this conversation that way. He watched Sherlock's profile as he waited for a reply, which was a long time coming.
John smiled as he watched Margaret collect Drew from his carseat and carry him through, followed closely by Mycroft and Greg and Emmeline. “We are, indeed,” he echoed softly, kissing first Kit’s cheek and then Sherlock’s. “So much happiness.”
The door flew open and Sherlock found himself jerked by the scarf into the bedroom, the door slammed shut again behind him. John shoved him up against the wall and dragged the scarf out of the way, throwing it to the floor. He fastened his mouth to Sherlock’s neck in its place, ruthlessly sucking a love bite into the pale flesh.
Recovering quickly, John was about to reach for one of the weapons that had been thrown free when he heard them.
The fact was that Sherlock Holmes was an attractive, intriguing and brilliant alpha, and he might have made someone a fine mate. But, then, that wasn’t what he wanted.
He strolled toward the waiting car, ignoring his phone’s text notices. He refused to read his brother’s prompts to “hurry up.”
John grabbed two spoons and set out two mugs. With a quick glance to ensure they were clean, he dropped in teabags from the open tin on top of the microwave. He stepped over to the window and poured in the hot water. “You won’t be doing much cooking in here, will you?”
Sherlock shook his head. Damp curls stuck to his smoke-smudged forehead. He’d managed to get out with nothing more than his dressing gown and one item. He clung to the large object, trying not to shake with the late fall cold.
Sherlock’s voice echoed through the house and rattled off the windows. John began to shake, his body responding to the call of an alpha in rut. He shed his jacket.
The doctor shook his head. “No, no. And not really news, just — it sounds so much bigger when you run it all together like that.”
John cracked the door, leaving the chain in place. He peered out at the large man in a severe black suit standing in the corridor. “Who are you?”
Sherlock growled low in his throat. “No time to waste, then.” He drew away from John a little and started working on the rest of his clothes. “Let’s get you out of these and into a nice, soft nest, hmmm?”
“I want you,” Sherlock rumbled against John’s skin, sending shivers along the pathways of his nervous system.
John slid to the pavement. The last thing he saw before everything went black was the bloodied face of the man he loved.
John’s attempt at a smile was a little crooked. “I know you do. And I’m chuffed that you’d want me back here after all this time living on your own and having the place to yourself.”
Sherlock ground his huge, hot cock into John’s bum. John moaned and began to slide his hands down, down…
The afternoon passed in relative calm: Emily was happy to settle into her room for her nap, provided that Sherlock read an excerpt from
Margaret moved around the bed and studied their patient for a moment. “What does he talk about? Has he said anything about who he is?”
“My mum was in her early fifties. My granddad was closer to mid-forties, though—pretty typical for a male omega. I’m the eldest, so I don’t know…” Greg sighed again. “Would you have a few minutes some time soon?”
Sherlock slipped two fingers inside John’s already dripping passage. John groaned, still clinging to Sherlock’s neck with his head resting against Sherlock’s cheek. He undulated as Sherlock finger fucked him.
Even in his drug-addled state, John warred with his better nature. After a brief hesitation, Sherlock felt warm lips against the back of his neck and knew John was about to give in.
“Ah, there you are,” a voice called as they neared the house. Michael appeared from down the side of the house and waved them on. “We’ll start out front, with the view.”
The paper rustled and the corner folded down. John’s face appeared, still somewhat softened by sleep, and he grinned at Sherlock. “Nothing on ‘Escape to the Country?’”
“I was thinking I might find a tie. Or some braces,” John said into his ear. “Do I want to know why you keep handcuffs with your socks?”
They paid their bill and waited hand-in-hand on the pavement for their cab. When the car arrived, they tucked in close to each other and kissed for the duration of the ride home. John stroked his hand up Sherlock’s thigh under his coat, delighted to find that his husband was enjoying their closeness as much as he was.
Sherlock’s mouth instantly desiccated. He couldn’t seem to form words around his thick tongue. He stared at John and tried to keep his hand still on John’s leg. He wanted nothing more than to smooth up and over the contours of John’s thigh and press into the promising heat at its apex.
The laughter bubbled up and John simply couldn’t contain it. It had been so long since he’d laughed, he’d almost forgotten what it felt like it. And yet here he was, sitting on a midnight train with an erstwhile spook running from god only knew who, laughing like a schoolboy.
John dropped his head into the crook of Sherlock’s shoulder, sucking in a lungful of Sherlock’s scent. “Thank you, thank you.”
Lestrade glanced at him. “You know, on your stuff? Coverage in case you ever got burgled, or you know, burned out?”
Sherlock tilted his head up to allow John access. He gasped at the delightful feeling of John’s morning stubble against his skin and the hot mouth now sucking at his earlobe. He shifted a little in John’s direction. “Is-is-isn’t it counterproductive, then? The-the inkwell thing?” he managed.
“Sir, he can’t be moved. With the swelling on his spine, there’s no telling what might happen. He just needs a few more days for the swelling to go down.”
Sherlock shivered a little, but immediately complied. He swallowed hard as he tried to work out what John’s punishment might entail.
“Emotiona — are you quite serious?” Sherlock propped up on his elbows to give John an utterly withering look. “You of all people surely must be aware of the quagmire of misery sentiment leads to.”
John chuckled softly. “Good. I’m glad.” He trailed fingers over Sherlock’s collarbone, exposed by the open collar of his dress shirt. “Should we…?”
Mycroft nodded. “Now that you are out of danger, I’ll go and see if Sherlock is out of surgery.” He stood and straightened his waistcoat. “He’ll be brought back to this room.”
John reached down and gently smoothed over the shaggy curls. “Shhhhhh,” he soothed. “You’re home now.” A tiny sob escaped and John hiccoughed over it. “You came back to me. Oh, christ, I thought I’d lost you…”
Jeanette shrugged. "That's the way it goes. I was pissed at you for a while, but then I made Aidan. He was lovely. Until our son was born." She hesitated. "So you were married before to...a woman?"
“So, Greg,” Sherlock interjected, raising a forkful of carrots. “Are you and Mycroft planning to have a bonding celebration?”
That's it, folks! This was a bit of a whirlwind, but I hope you enjoyed it anyway :) Remember, if you ever want to ask me anything or tell me anything, you can find me on tumblr (as northray). Cheers!
“Mmm. Anyway, she was asking about my mate and how we manage with the work and the kids. She was pretty impressed by the way we share things around.”
John grimaced and reached back into his sack for his contraband service revolver. He tucked it into the waistband of his trousers. “Ready.”
John sat up and pressed a hand to Sherlock’s chest. He brushed appreciatively over the fine dark hair. “Whatever feels right,” he said gently. “It’s just like before, only slower.”
John sent a hasty and affirmative reply, agreeing to meet Jeanette at a well-known wine bar on Oxford Street. He reached down to retrieve his bag from where he’d dropped it on the floor the night before. He had no real memory of what was in it—not surprising given the state he was in when he’d packed.
John was breathing hard, though he now realized it was from more than just the excitement of the altercation. “Sh-sher-lock. Oh, god!” He doubled over, clutching his belly. “Oh, god, no. Not now. Please not now. Not like this. Not again!”
“I missed you,” John continued softly, brushing the backs of his knuckles over Sherlock's now-bare chest.
He took John’s hand—for effect, he told himself, to further the charade. John let him, and even squeezed his fingers in return. Sherlock rested their joined hands on his thigh. He waited for John to say something, but John just gave him a small nod and turned back to stare out of the window.
John’s brow furrowed. He was about to ask her what party she was talking about, but she had already disappeared back into her own flat. He shook his head and made his way up the stairs.
“I said what I said because I didn’t want people making assumptions about my place here. With you. I’d been reduced from surgeon and soldier to—” John released a ragged breath. “God, I felt like shit when I got home from the war. I felt worthless. And I didn’t want people to think I was only along with you because we were—because I was just your charity-case boyfriend. Or your ‘live-in PA.’”
Sherlock let out a breath he hadn’t realized he was holding. He’d been dreading the idea of John really seeing him—all of him—without clothes for the first time in a fully lit room. And instead here they were, bathed in the weak, warm glow of the small lamp. John’s lovely face was washed in the amber light, shadows dancing in the laugh lines and dimples Sherlock adored.
John mumbled something in the affirmative, dragging himself out of the drug-induced sleep. “Sherl—?”
John took a deep breath tinged with Sherlock’s cologne and tried to relax. He tightened his arms around the man’s waist. “But surely Magnussen will figure out that you and Mycroft have cooked this up together.”
“Anyway, I went over to him and I just…well, I kissed him.” Greg shrugged into the cardigan Jeremy held for him. “And it was unbelievable. It was like the thing I’d been waiting for all my life that I didn’t even know I was missing. I thought he might push me away, but he didn’t. He had hold of me by the shoulders, like he was drowning. When we parted to breathe, he looked stunned. But…happy.”
“Graysexual,” John finished for him. He chuckled with happy memories. “Well, my time as your physician was cut a bit short. It was in my notes, though.” John drew back until he could see Sherlock’s face. “Did you not talk to Dr. Faulkner at all when you went to see her for your last Androtheryn shot?”
They undulated together, lost in the rhythm of the ancient dance. John turned his head, suddenly desperate to taste Sherlock again. They met over his shoulder, each man moaning his helplessness. They kissed over and over and over, Sherlock beginning to get the hang of it as he responded to John’s practiced advances.
“An hour. Right, I have to get them packed,” John started to rise, but sat again when he felt Sherlock’s hand wrap gently around his forearm.
John leaned in with a wicked look as he whispered, “And I want you to remember that I can’t wait to get you home later.”
“And omegas are no longer expected to be docile breeders who keep a nice home,” Sherlock concurred. “We’re very lucky to have been born when we were. I don’t suppose either of us would have done very well by those standards.”
While John was becoming more comfortable with teasing Sherlock, he took care never to embarrass his alpha. Though not because of some horribly outmoded, bullshit gender politics. It was never that.
They arrived at his brother’s London home a few minutes later. Sherlock had always hated the place, but John Watson had changed all that—it was the place where they’d first mated, and where they’d decided to stay together. Suddenly the stuffy furnishings and pretentious affectations (a suit of armour, Mycroft? Really?) seemed far less offensive, particularly when he imagined his very attractive mate running about the place naked.
“Dr. Awiti,” Sherlock greeted her. He took John’s hand, whether for John’s benefit or his own, he wasn’t sure.
“The ex-boyfriend. David?” Mycroft shifted and crossed his legs. “Mary spent several hours with him one afternoon during your engagement. It was while you and Sherlock—”
"Been better. You know." Mr. Huang took the seat beside John's desk and folded his hands in his lap.
With one merciless snap of his hips, John drove himself balls deep. Sherlock screamed, or he thought maybe he had. It was too much: too painful, too full, and too hard.
He resisted the urge to look back down at his blood samples and instead maintained eye contact with John. He looked into John’s stormy dark blue-grey eyes and was once again astounded that this confident, clever, competent man had chosen to be his friend. HIM—Sherlock Holmes.
John stopped abruptly on a gasp as Sherlock, now completely divested of his clothes, presented his back. He’d turned to drape his trousers over the chair behind the door. It was a calculated move — he’d caught John staring once or twice before, so was quite certain his bottom would be a distraction.
“So, nothing,” Sherlock finished firmly. “We both wanted the formality of the legal ceremony and that’s an end of it.”
Sherlock could feel his brain melting and leaking out of his ear canals. He was trapped in a white room filled with pretentious people and the monotonous hum of inane chatter. He was in hell. Which in this case was also known as the Ford Whyte Gallery.
“Of course it is. Why wouldn’t it be — ” Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “John asked you to come and check up on me.”
“When the team went into the rubble, they discovered an elaborate system of old tunnels underneath the cottage.”
John fumed, his fists clenched, as he trod the familiar carpets of the Diogenes Club. He’d been fetched from Sherlock’s hospital room quite suddenly only a few hours after their talk. Sherlock had been sleeping, but he hated to be away for too long, especially now.
John’s lips pursed immediately. He glanced up at Greg (furtively?) before finally blurting out, “Shower.”
“Mmmm, better,” John praised, falling into his role with remarkable ease. He fisted Sherlock’s cock smoothly, setting a gentle rhythm that had the detective panting very quickly. “Do you like that?”
“The architect’s plans. The house appeared to have been designed with vaults. We had no way of knowing that the plans had been altered after construction.”
He turned his attention as the waiter arrived, listening to the wine and food options. In the end, he settled on the syrah. Jeanette ordered another chardonnay, and they agreed on a couple of tapas dishes.
John was stunned momentarily, too taken by surprise to struggle or to prevent his cane and pack from dropping to the platform. He was surrounded by the man: His dark coat, his long and surprisingly strong arms, and the lingering aroma of expensive tobacco.
John winced a little at their dramatic uncoupling. He leaned back to avoid flying elbows as Sherlock struggled back into his clothes. “What’s wrong?”
He’d read every one of his medical journals. He’d read the books Greg had loaned him and watched every recorded episode of the Great British Bake Off. Which only made him hungry.
Sherlock stepped into the space John had left between his parted knees, and wrapped his arms around John’s shoulders. He dropped his cheek to the top of John’s head and sighed into John’s soft hair while John’s arms closed possessively around his narrow waist. “I’m the lucky one,” he whispered.
They were the last words either of them would speak for some time. The glory of their relationship now was in this comfort—the ease, the practiced reliance on each other. They didn’t need to have sex to be intimate; neither did they need to speak to communicate.
They rode the tube in silence, John occasionally glancing at Sherlock out of the corner of his eye. Sherlock gave no indication that he’d noticed, instead staring intently at the text conversation he was having with Mycroft’s PA.
Drew nodded and released Sherlock’s hand to toddle to the bed. Sherlock followed, offering a rump boost to help get Drew up onto the bed beside Kit. Kit shifted back to sit on the pillow next to the one propping John up, and leaned up against John’s shoulder. Drew knelt beside John’s hip, wiggling close enough to get a good look at Bea, who was now cleaned up, wrapped in the receiving blanket from her Grandad, and wearing her little knitted beanie. She’d nursed a little right after the birth and was nestled into John’s chest in exhausted slumber.
John laughed with her, feeling a little more at ease. It was comforting to know that in spite of the way he'd treated her, she hadn't held a grudge.
“Shhhh,” John soothed. He dropped his hand over the bulge in Sherlock’s loose pyjama bottoms. He rubbed firmly, eliciting a gasp from Sherlock.
Sherlock stood abruptly, still deep in thought, and returned to wearing a track in the carpet. “And so I was left with a few unappealing options. I could go back to academia — dull — or I could apply my skills to civilian investigations.”
“John, harder. Please!” Sherlock let his legs drop wide and welcomed John fully into that heated space. He wrapped muscular thighs around John’s legs and dug his fingertips into the lovely soft flesh of John’s bum.
“No,” John said, his chin setting stubbornly. “I’m fine. I need to stay fit, so walking is good. Just not quite so fast, this time, yeah?”
John was giggling lightly in his ear now. “Time to go home, I think.” He pressed a kiss into Sherlock’s temple and pulled away.
“He just—” John huffed, waving one hand in agitation. “He makes such a point of talking about how we’re partners, and we’re in this together…and then he just buggers off to chase down a murder suspect. Which means I’ve had to cancel my last patient so I can go pick up the boys…” John looked up at Mary and shook his head. “But none of that is your problem.”
John set the shopping bags down on the kitchen table and stepped through the sliding doors. “Sherlock? What’s wrong?”
The train trip was silent. John dozed against the window while Sherlock continued to fret over their awkward exchange at the station. Perhaps using John’s interest in the show hadn’t been such a good idea. If he tried, he could probably still have Mycroft find a way to get the suspect away from the house long enough for a quick break in. He’d just thought…
“Oh, do you?” John scoffed, watching as his husband stripped at the side of the bed. “And you think you can just come in here, wake me up before you were supposed to, and take advantage of me?”
John thought he’d nodded, but couldn’t be sure. He did find himself on his left side, though, with Sherlock behind him and his top leg caught under the knee by Sherlock’s elbow. Sherlock was nuzzling at the bonding site—the touch made John’s body release another flood of slick.
John shook his head. “It was a very bad day at work, sweet boy. I had to do some things that were very sad and then...never mind.” John tried to smile for his son. “None of that is to do with you. I’m so sorry I shouted. I didn’t mean it.”
Dr. Awiti’s gaze was sympathetic. “I understand. My third was a surprise as well. Does rather take the wind out of your sails for a bit.”
They clung to each other, moulding their bodies together. Sherlock revelled in the heat of John’s core against him and let his fingers wander over the breadth of John’s shoulders. His fingertips bounced over the edges of scar tissue—easily discernible through the fine cotton of John’s shirt—and he hesitated.
“I need to taste you,” Sherlock groaned. “I want your cock in my mouth. I want you to come like that. I want to swallow—”
This was uncertain territory; a place he had never been with John or anyone else. Oh, he’d given in to desire and masturbated when necessary — when he’d been unable to derail his subconscious need for the fantasy of giving in to his body’s baser nature and someone else’s command. But now?
“They were in my line of vision down the corridor the whole time,” Sherlock protested. He reached out. “You need to calm down.”
“How? How is it a mess?” He stepped in closer and placed a tentative hand on John’s forearm. “We’ve done it. You and I. We figured it out. Moriarty, Janine, Magnussen, Mary—we beat them all!”
Granted, he was not exactly as trim as he once had been, but he was still fit. He had a few aches and pains, of course, and old injuries sometimes made him cringe, but he was hardly—as Harry had suggested—past it.
“Well, no,” John agreed. “But you have let him follow you around for years with his little band of acolytes.”
“Because I didn’t want to.” The slightly yellowed cheeks were tinted with a delicate shade of pink. Sherlock swallowed as their eyes met. “You wanted me and I didn’t want to miss my opportunity. It was the only chance I would ever have and so…I took it. I know it was wrong. I know that. But I—”
The alpha growled once more and fastened his mouth over the spot on John’s neck where he might, one day, leave his bonding bite. He drew hard on the sensitive tissue, testing with his teeth in a wonderful foretaste of what may come.
“So what happens now,” Sherlock sneered, turning to face the two women. “Are you going to tell us everything while we wait for our ground support? You know Mycroft’s ahead of all of this. There is nowhere either of you can go. This is it, so you might as well just fill in the gaps.”
“Oh, god!” John withdrew and thrust in once more; Sherlock relished the slick, juicy noise created by the movement. John quickly eased himself into an easy rhythm, both of them enjoying the languid pace and moist friction.
John started to giggle, a high-pitched giddy noise. “Christ, of course they will. Hardly need three Holmes’ and a DI to figure it out.”
He shook his head and swallowed around the lump in his throat. The door swished open and Sherlock’s surgeon entered. Her dark auburn hair was caught up in an untidy, loose knot on the top of her head and she looked weary. Clearly, it had been a long shift.
“Never considered the idea, really.” Sherlock stretched and straightened his dressing gown. “I don’t know that I could be happy living anywhere but London.”
It was a tedious flight following Mary’s signal at a distance, but she finally came to rest. Mycroft’s pilots landed Sherlock and John a short distance away, at the Eastbourne District General Hospital helipad.
The midwife continued into the room and went about clearing away the soiled sheets and his own equipment.
Sherlock’s head came up from where it had been bent over his microscope. He peered across the table at John, whose face was obscured by the newspaper. Sherlock watched for a moment as a hand appeared around the edge of the paper to snatch a piece of toast then disappeared once more.
“Please!” Sherlock tried to push back, intending to impale himself on John’s prick, to end the slow torture and just have John completely inside him.
At length, Sherlock drew back with a saucy grin and resumed the position: spread-eagled against the wall. John wasted no time in pressing in against Sherlock’s back, using his still-gloved hand to spread more lube where it was needed and guide himself to Sherlock’s nicely prepared rim. He rubbed there for a moment, sliding his other hand around to join Sherlock’s where it was tugging at his own cock.
He tightened his fingers in John’s hair and held John to him as tightly as he could. It felt so good, so unbelievable good, and streaked heat right through him to the raging erection in his trousers. He was just beginning to worry that it might all be over too soon, when he felt John’s hands at his waistband.
“The artist,” Sherlock replied, gesturing to the card. “Pinkerton. Famous American detective agency.”
John rutted against him, utterly without coordination or grace. He managed to get his own throbbing prick in the general vicinity of Sherlock’s and began to grind.
“Which was it, Afghanistan or Iraq?” Sherlock glanced up at John for a moment before returning his gaze to John’s phone.
Sherlock bent to capture John’s mouth, and John met him halfway. Where their first kisses had been sweet and searching, these were desperate and laced with want. Tongues stroked and teased while hands did likewise. By the time John turned them back to the bed and eased Sherlock back down to the mattress, Sherlock was shivering with longing.
Sherlock pressed in as close as he could get to the heat of John’s body. He released John’s neck and wrapped both long arms around him. “S-sorry,” he panted. “I want…I want…”
“Actually, I was just chatting with Mary about this the other day. It’s a field of study that is exploding right now.”
John threw his coat over his chair and left his bag on the floor by his desk and waited as Mike turned to usher their new contractor through the door. He smiled genially at the petite blonde woman as she entered his office. She was short for an alpha—even slightly shorter than he was. Funny he hadn’t noticed that on Monday. She was dressed simply in a tunic and leggings with a pink scarf wrapped artfully around her neck. She smelled strongly of her unbonded status beneath a thin layer of some kind of floral perfume.
Sherlock returned his attention to John’s cock. He spat in his fist and wrapped his fingers around the base.
to answer, to deny, to scoff at the very notion that Sherlock Holmes was as virginal as had been suggested. He couldn’t find the words. He closed his eyes again, deliciously mortified.
He waited as Sherlock asked Mycroft to give them a moment alone. They’d rehearsed a whole speech, but somehow—when they were finally standing face to face with Mycroft and Mary a fair distance away—neither of them could stick to the script. It was all John could do to keep his composure.
“No. I don’t.” John stopped fussing with his bag and dropped his head. “I’m sorry. Please try to imagine I said that without snapping at you.”
“Melville Heatherton disappeared two and a half weeks ago. He was a well-known, well-liked member of the community of Pevensey Bay.”
Drew was anxious not to be missed out. He had already reached for Uncle Greg and been granted a kiss. Now he was straining in Sherlock’s arms to get to his Uncle Mycroft and Emmeline.
Sherlock eagerly participated in this by shoving the offending garment down over John’s legs and then repeating the procedure with his pants. He was face to face with John’s eager, red cock. He took the head into his mouth and suckled it noisily. John tasted so good.
“I’m a partner in the practice, Sherlock,” John reminded him. He walked to the kitchen. “Mike runs the day-to-day affairs, but I do need to provide some input on the proposed expansion,”
“Perhaps,” the alpha suggested gently. “Perhaps it would be best if you were to engage in these activities in the safety of our bed from now on?”
It hit like a wave in turbulent surf, crashing over him and pulling down, under, over. His knees gave way and he collapsed. Crumpling in a heap on the carpet.
The kiss was inelegant (clearly Sherlock hadn’t been lying about his lack of experience), but nevertheless captivating in its artlessness. Too much tongue, but sweet, minty breath. A clack of teeth, but an almost desperate searching.
In the aftermath of the good news, another delivery (a box of the very finest Cuban cigars) arrives with something quite unexpected: A wedding invitation.
Sherlock nodded enthusiastically and assisted with the removal of trousers and pants. Shoes and socks were quickly disposed of and then. And then.
His father was also tall, several inches above his alpha. He was fairly lean, too (Sherlock took after him in that), with wavy white hair, piercing eyes and a gentle smile. He stood and reached immediately for his son as Sherlock and John entered the room.
John startled at the sound of the familiar voice. His gun hand dropped along with his jaw as he followed Sherlock into the red brick and grey stone cottage.
“Yes, my love,” he whispered, chuckling. “I’m yours and you’re mine.” He pressed his lips against Sherlock’s cheek. “But you’re doing this load of washing, hmmm?”
“It is incredibly rare,” John said, feeling a bit panicked. He took a deep breath and tried very hard to ignore the scent radiating in his direction from his patient. It was earthy. Like rain in a meadow. He tried to remember the last time he’d shared his heat with an alpha in rut — god, it had been almost six years.
John moved first, but by a heartbeat. They reached for each other—arms wrapping tight, mouths pressed hot and wet, and naked flesh touching in places it never had before.
“My little girl needs me, Sherlock,” John said solemnly. “I’ve restocked the kitchen and we spent all morning at a crime scene, but now I have to go home.”
John grinned and glanced over his shoulder. “Mr. Blue Skull here knew, didn’t you, mate?” He faced Sherlock once more. “The world’s only consulting detective is a bit of a softy, really.”
“Oh, for god’s sake,” Sherlock sighed. “You’re having a baby. It was unplanned. You’re both frightened. You need each other. All right?”
“We, uhm, sure. Yes. Yeah. We’re…fine,” John hedged. It looked very much like he was trying to keep from smiling.
“Now, then,” John breathed. “Since we won’t be needing two rooms, why don’t you show me where we’ll be sleeping?”
Sherlock cupped John’s face and kissed him again, tasting the salt of their combined tears. It was worshipful, wondering and desperate. He’d known that he would be able to come home one day—once Moriarty’s network had been dealt with—but he had accepted that he might never win John back. One couldn’t cause so much damage without scars.
Perspiration-slicked skin pressed and slid. Fingers teased and dug in. Lips gently nipped and tasted. Sherlock slithered over John’s body, mouthing his way over his omega, muttering his praise for his potential mate into John’s flesh.
“And I want you.” Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed and swung his feet up at lie down beside John. He tugged the old quilt up and over them as he did.
John pressed his hand into his mouth to keep from crying out as the boy immediately settled. And fell into a deep sleep.
“If you were to be ‘overly fond’ again in the future,” Sherlock said softly. “I-I wouldn’t…object…to a similar…”
John set his fork down immediately, abandoning his pudding, and took Sherlock’s hand. His face was sombre. “I was just teasing before, Sherlock. Honestly. We don’t have to do anything at all, okay?”
John watched the play of the soft morning sunlight over the sharp lines of Sherlock's lovely face. There was a crease along one cheek where his face had clearly been smooshed into the pillow at some point during the night. His full lips were slightly parted and while not quite snoring, he was making a delightful little noise with each exhale. Sort of a squeaky sigh.
“I am—don’t tell me what to do! I come home from a horrible morning at work to this ungodly uproar. Whatever possessed you to let them do this?”
John shook his head, trying to shake off the malaise that had been plaguing him for months. He was unsettled, but he didn’t know why, exactly.
Sherlock harrumphed at that and settled more deeply into his seat. “What is it you need, Mycroft? As I said, I have a pressing experiment waiting.”
“Don’t think, my dear John,” Sherlock said seriously, momentarily placing one finger over John’s parted lips. “Do you trust me?”
“Twenty-two years this year,” Greg looked at his hands in his lap. “And I’ll miss it. I know I will.”
Sherlock nodded, standing and beginning to pull his gloves on. John paused in the middle of zipping his jacket.
“How? How can you possibly love me back?” Sherlock pressed in close and buried his face in John’s chest. He could feel the comforting thump of John’s still-accelerated heartbeat.
“It means,” John began, closing in again to flatten his palms over his alpha’s chest. “You don’t let any of that deter you from being with me, so why would I care? I mean, I’d rather your clients weren’t offended—they do help to pay the bills. And having the coppers on side more often than not just seems practical. But the thing is, I like you. Just as you are.”
“Doesn’t mean I won’t derive pleasure from seeing you come all over yourself,” he said gently, stepping into the bath with John. He pressed in close to John’s side and kissed his omega’s neck. “Go on. I know how badly you need to come. I’m here.”
John nearly started giggling at their son’s very Sherlockian concentration. “Good?” he asked Kit finally.
“Oh, god. I do,” John groaned, shifting his hips once more. He slid back down onto the thick toy; Sherlock moved with him. “I need it so badly, Sherlock. I feel like I’m on fire.”
Sherlock’s lush lips were insistent. They opened over his own, seeking entrance that was instantly granted. At the first touch of Sherlock’s tongue, John groaned and shuddered.
“Oh, fuck!” John rasped, grinding into the delicious arse as his own body began to unravel. “FUCK!” He thrust once more, hard, as his orgasm washed over him and his cock pulsed inside Sherlock’s fluttering heat.
Sherlock’s face was etched with pain. His skin and the whites of his eyes were tinged with yellow as a result of the jaundice brought on by the stress to his liver. It made John’s already heavy heart ache.
“Kit, we don’t draw on Uncle Mycroft!” John dropped to his haunches, instantly feeling like a brute as the boy’s bottom lip began to tremble at his tone. “It’s okay, pet. No one’s hurt. But we draw on paper, don’t we?”
Sherlock rummaged through his memories, trying to pinpoint the exact moment when John’s voice had become more dominant than any other. But it had happened so gradually—while he’d been away. His mind had begun filling in for the lack of John’s presence while he was off hunting down Moriarty’s network.
Sherlock stopped dead and turned to watch his pregnant mate struggling to keep up. He flushed with embarrassment. “Sorry! I’m sorry, John. I didn’t mean to—are you all right?”
John was grim, tugging his gloves off with more force than was strictly necessary. He stuffed them in the pockets of his jacket before removing it and hanging it on the hook by the door. Sherlock did the same with his coat.
John continued to hold Sherlock’s hand, clasping it to his chest with both of his own. They both turned to stare up at the ceiling as they rested side by side in companionable silence.
“The, you know. Physical…stuff,” Sherlock tried. He closed the sitting room door behind them. “My experience is not extensive. And I know you’re not gay. But I know some men would…you know. If no one knew. And no one would ever know. Also, I know you care about me and of course I care about you. I would give you whatever you needed. Whatever—” Sherlock broke off, head drooping. He shrugged helplessly. “Whatever you wanted. I would do that. And I would never ask for anything. Or tell anyone. If you…”
“S’pose. But Margaret and William seem to like my choices. They’ve been really supportive about everything, really, especially Will.”
“Thank you…John. It’s such a great thing you’re doing,” Mary offered. “I’ve been working as a surrogate for more than ten years, and I can’t tell you how many stories I’ve heard about omegas who were too frightened or self-conscious to go to one of the clinics. Now that the NHS has approved a private, in-home option, I think we’ll see a sharp decline in the number of heat trauma cases in A & E.”
This was gut-rending. Sobs he could neither control nor contain. He fell to his side and curled in on himself, tears and snot covering his face and he allowed the full horror of the night's events to clamour around him.
John leapt to his feet and swung Kit up into his arms. They joined the other two in the silly, giggly fun. And they were still at it ten minutes later when a booming voice called to them from the doorway.
Sherlock glanced down at the baby snuggled tightly to his chest. He could smell his own markers mingled in Kit’s scent. And John’s. And he had John’s eyes. “John, he’s beautiful.”
Sherlock whimpered and instantly bowed his head to John's chest. First he placed a reverent kiss to the tip of the nipple he had begun to prepare. Then, with the flat of his tongue, he painted the first stripe over the pink-hued object of his desire.
Greg sighed, following John to a bench with a view of the lake. They’d decided to get their daily steps in walking over to the park from the Yard, leaving Sherlock sifting through some old case files looking for a correlation with their ongoing case. They both struggled for balance as they eased themselves down to sit.
“I can see why he was jealous of Heatherton’s gardening trophies,” John whispered as they made their way through overgrown bushes and dead plants.
John rolled a condom into place. He settled on his knees between Sherlock’s spread thighs and hitched him up by the knees. He took himself in hand and massaged the head of his cock over Sherlock’s rim. “Ready?” John asked, meeting his lover’s gaze.
John sat by the hospital bed, hands laced together. He’d been awake nearly 24 hours. He couldn’t sleep if he wanted to.
“What, you’re just going to blow us up?” John asked incredulously. “All that work and time in this big plot and you’re going to just blow us up?”
John pursed his lips, studying his friend . Finally he nodded and handed over Emily’s bag. “It’s only the one doc who’s called in sick, so I’ll be done by teatime.”
The question was posed so softly that Sherlock didn’t seem to register it right away. When it finally sunk in, his head came up slowly and he stared at John. His lips were slightly parted, in a little “o.” He nodded once, his eyes looking like—
“Oh, right. That’s good, I guess,” John said. His eyes narrowed as he considered this. “Exactly who is your brother?”
“He’s GUESSING!” Donovan threw her hands up in frustration. “That’s all he ever does is guess. And even if he’s right, the M.E. would have identified it. Eventually.”
“Anyway,” John said at last. “I know it means a lot to him. And it just sort of belongs here. It’s…unique. One of a kind. Like Sherlock.”
John exhaled heavily. “All right. Okay. I guess I’ll just go, then.” He turned for the door and paused. “Thank you.”
Sherlock released John’s arm and proceeded to remove his own long coat. John watched for a moment, mesmerized by Sherlock’s graceful movements and the fitness of his lean body in a well-tailored grey suit. Sherlock was alive. Not only alive, but well!
Sherlock dropped his coat to the floor and hurried to gather John into his arms. “Shhhhh. I would never do that. This is our bonding heat. How could I possibly miss it?”
The paternity shirt was a good colour for Greg (the deep amethyst was very nice with his salt and pepper hair), but it was a bit too full across the shoulders and chest. The pinstriped charcoal trousers were fine, though. They fit Greg well and the straight cut legs gave no hint of the elastic panel at the waist.
"This place really does have a lot of...charm," John remarked without rancour. He settled into one of the chairs by the fire—the Scandinavian modern knock-off he had chosen when he first arrived—and gave the sitting room another once over.
“I know you know this,” he replied evenly. “Most people wait because of the odds of something happening during the first trimester. I’m sure we’ve talked about it. I suppose you deleted it. Or you were filtering.” John brushed his lips over Sherlock’s shoulder as he passed him on the way to their bed.
John paced in Mycroft’s private office in the basement of his private club. Mycroft had had them delivered to the back door of the Diogenes and ushered into the building under cover of darkness. Secrecy was paramount, though John did not yet know why. Mycroft did not underestimate John Watson’s intelligence—he would know that it all had something to do with Jim Moriarty.
The shouting, as always, preceded Kit’s entrance into the room. He was an exuberant and utterly engaging child—so full of curiosity for the world (like his papa) that John couldn’t help but share his enthusiasm. John had been attempting to get Kit to practice his ‘indoor voice’ though, when he’d started going to nursery school weekday mornings. Sherlock was still proving less than helpful on that score.
Sherlock could feel his blood inconveniently abandoning his brain for regions of his body he had always paid considerably less attention to.
“Oh my god, are we a pair. A virgin and a bisexual who’s never been with a man.” John collapsed onto his back.
He shed his coat as he talked, stuffing his gloves into the pockets and hanging it on a nearby hook. He bent in to give John a quick kiss...which became rather more insistent after a minute or two. Clearly John wasn't the only one who was touch starved. He stretched up to chase his husband's mouth, digging his fingers into the curls at Sherlock's nape.
Sherlock tried to reply, but his tongue had stuck to the back of his throat. He nodded and clenched his fingers in John’s short hair.
Sherlock took the baby from John, marvelling at how willingly the baby reached for him. Kit wasted no time, wrapping his chubby arms around Sherlock’s neck and pushing his little nose up against Sherlock’s scent gland.
“Well, Drew started out small and then got bigger, until he was ready to come out. Now he’s out, he’s going to continue getting bigger every day—just like you are—until he’s big like Papa.”
The tight fingers had returned to Sherlock’s hair, holding him in place as John withdrew and slid home. Sherlock was salivating around the fat prick as it skimmed over his tongue. He suckled as best he could, but it did not take long for John to take control completely.
John was panting as he tore at Sherlock’s shirt. He pulled until the buttons gave, scattering them across the room. He bent to lick a stripe over the newly exposed skin, from belly button to collarbone. Sherlock’s knees shook and he grabbed on to John for support. John continued his desperate disrobing. He made quick work of Sherlock’s belt and trouser buttons, shoving them unceremoniously—along with Sherlock’s pants—to the floor.
John glanced up, still chewing his last bite. Sherlock stared into his new flatmate’s midnight blue eyes (with an unusual colour in the centre–was it gold or grey?) and lost his train of thought. He watched, mesmerized, as John ate. Why was the simple act of consuming noodles suddenly the most erotic thing he’d ever seen?
“No, no. GOD no. I am not resurrecting that argument. Rosie was free to apply anywhere she liked. Her grades were great—perhaps not as great as yours would have been—but she also had her volunteer work and sport going for her. I knew it was likely she would get in somewhere like that. I just—she’s not like us, Sherlock. She’s…ordinary.”
John turned to his soup in silence, pondering his next move. He took his time, labouring over every spoonful to drag the time out as much as he could. By the time Mary had cleared the first course and begun bringing the second, nearly a half hour later, he had decided to opt for a different tack.
John was silenced and utterly thrown off guard as his young patient pressed him into the wall and claimed his mouth. John protested, trying to speak against Sherlock’s very insistent lips, but to no avail.
John turned back to the bed, tying his robe belt. “Come on, lazy bones. Let’s get the day started. We have lots to look forward to.”
Sherlock turned his head and captured John’s mouth. What had been sweet and searching rapidly became heated. John drew on Sherlock’s bottom lip, grazing it with his teeth. Sherlock moaned his agreement.
John ground his teeth and started at the rough edges of the stone floor beneath his feet. “I wasn’t offended.”
John nodded, moving in to settle into the chair under Mr. Blue Skull. He leaned over, bracing his elbows on his knees. “As well as can be expected. The flat sold. New owners took possession today. And that, as they say, is that.”
Sherlock swung the hammer again and again, pounding on the bricks while John relayed the details to the police. Sherlock knew there was no rush, not really, but he needed to know they were right. As he took hit after hit, quickly making headway, he could hear noises coming from within.
No, he’d made the right decision. Leaving was the right choice. Let everyone focus on the bride and groom. The murder had been disruption enough. No sense having the best man lurking about in the shadows, not dancing or talking to anyone, or…
Sherlock let his eyes flutter closed, and his hands settled on his omega’s hips. John was already half undressed—shirt, socks and shoes discarded in a pile on the floor. He rubbed his body against Sherlock’s and it felt divine.
“Mycroft’s surveillance of the flat. They picked you up, leaving in a hurry, and Mycroft thought it was a bit odd. He was concerned Sherlock might be hurt or in danger, so he tracked you. When your signal went dark, he pitched everything into high gear. As it happened, Sherlock had just called me looking for you. You weren’t at home and your phone wasn’t ringing through. I got him—”
“Yup,” John replied firmly. “Your brother is having a bit of a wobble, so we’re going to go and help him get ready to bring Greg and Emmeline home. Your mum and dad and his PA are already there, so we’re mostly moral support.”
Sherlock’s mouth went dry. “S-stay. You know, at the flat.” He liked his lips, keenly aware of how Dr. Watson’s eyes tracked the movement.
Margaret Holmes greeted John and Kit at the door. Her eyes were lined with worry, but she wore a benign smile—for the baby’s benefit, John had no doubt. Kit had only met his grandmother once before and was unlikely to respond well to disapproval or anger, even if it was directed only at his daddy.
“Are you…” Greg leaned in, still a little taken aback by a silent and thoroughly subdued (post-orgasmic?) Sherlock Holmes. He whispered to John, “My god, really?”
Mycroft sighed heavily. “Mary survived. The wound was not significant. However, the trauma sent her into labour. Don’t worry.” He held up a hand to ward off John’s obvious question. “The baby is perfectly healthy and well.”
John chuckled. He shifted in closer to Sherlock once more, not at all surprised when his alpha caught his hips and dragged them close. He hissed as Sherlock greedily buried his face in John’s groin and pulled John’s cock between his lips. “Gently, love. Be careful—
A hand joined his, long fingers circling his fist and pulling his hand toward the base of Sherlock’s cock. “Here,” Sherlock groaned. “Please.”
“Indeed,” Mycroft said. He flicked imaginary lint from his trouser leg. “Mummy and Dad wanted to get it for you, as you seemed quite taken with it. As I said, it has not been an easy task.”
“That’s down to you,” Sherlock whispered, staying near John to nuzzle and scent him a little. “And you thought he was sleeping through that silly movie.”
“Of course you should,” William replied firmly. “My goodness, John. What you have been through! I don’t know how you’ve managed this long. Most omegas in your place would have fallen to bits.”
“Always,” Sherlock affirmed, placing a gentle kiss over John’s bonding mark. “Sleep now. You need your rest. I’ll be right here when you need me.”
John’s fingering was efficient, preparing Sherlock carefully but without delay. Two fingers rapidly became three, giving Sherlock little time to prepare himself. He grunted but settled quickly as John made a point of stroking over his prostate.
“Shhhh,” Greg said, patting John’s arm. “He’s here. We just didn’t want him in here going feral until we had the scene under control.”
“I know,” Sherlock replied in a singsong voice. He nuzzled into John’s neck. “When I realized Greg was carrying, well, I started putting the pieces together. Though I still wasn’t sure Mycroft was going to—”
for him. I’m sure he’ll be amenable once I’ve explained it to him. It could not be more perfect — I’ll be the world’s only consulting detective. Here in London.” He gestured to John with a broad smile. “With you. Your medical knowledge and battlefield experience would be very useful.”
“And you must be exhausted. Just look at you!” Mary led him in and closed and bolted the door behind him. She took his elbow and led him into the flat. “You look wonderful—so rosy and round.”
They entered the conservatory to find his parents waiting on a settee. His mother had the unflinching stare and confident demeanour of an alpha. She was a fairly tall woman, with mostly grey hair pulled back into a functional low ponytail. She was sturdier now, and still handsome, but she had been a stunning beauty in her youth.
Sherlock bit his bottom lip and pressed in. John felt a thigh brush up and against his own. “It is morning, after all.”
Sherlock waved a dismissive hand, only just managing to avoid sending his fork skittering across the ancient red lino.
“What is it? You tensed up when I mentioned Lestrade,” Sherlock said briskly. He narrowed his eyes at John. “You’ve told him already, haven’t you?”
“We’re happy to do it,” Greg replied cheerfully. “We both love the little guy and, frankly, I was keen to get some hands-on experience before this one makes an appearance. I’ve not been around too many kids, myself.” He was rubbing over his bump when his phone buzzed. “Good news—Mycroft’s in. What time do you need us?”
“It’s a story my brother told me when we were kids. The East Wind, this terrifying force that lays waste to all in its path, seeks out the unworthy and plucks them from the earth. That was generally me.”
The walk back to 221B was awkward. Sherlock couldn’t resist sneaking glances at John, but his new flatmate (just flatmate?) was studiously ignoring him. With his hands stuffed into the pockets of his bomber jacket, John Watson looked as though he hadn’t a care in the world as he strode on, eyes focused ahead. Almost as though he hadn’t just killed a man to save Sherlock’s life. Or propositioned him in a Chinese restaurant.
“I wasn’t sure what to think. At first, I thought it was his right hand: scary bastard, former military. Then I started to wonder if maybe it had been Magnussen.”
“I didn’t,” Sherlock admitted with a smirk. “Not definitively. Not until today. But I’ve had my suspicions about the two of them for some time.”
Angelo glanced down at their clasped hands and winked at John. “Date night, is it? Come on—got my best table for you.”
John nodded, fighting the threat of tears. Bloody, double-damned, motherfucking hormones. He settled heavily into the seat beside Mary, not resisting when she took his hand into her own.
John hesitated as they reached the main road. If they turned left, they would walk the three blocks to the home John had shared with Mary and now shared with his daughter. If they turned right, they could return to the train station.
Sherlock stared at the painting for a moment longer before flipping the phone over in his hand. He sent a reply to Lady Smallwood and then marched toward his room. He needed to change.
Sherlock tried to ignore how cosy John looked in the hideous festive jumper. How the dark colours brought out the blue in his eyes. There was no point in noticing such things.
John frowned as he took in the scene before him. There was a carefully laid table with fine china, linens and flowers in the middle of the room. Soft music played in the background and the lighting had been dimmed to romantic levels.
“What’s not whose sort of thing?” Mrs. Hudson asked. She was making her way back into the room with the second batch of snacks. She passed the tray under Sherlock’s nose. “Come on now, Sherlock. Why not just have a little taste?”
John captured Sherlock’s bottom lip between his own and gently tugged. Sherlock felt an arc of heat that fired somewhere below his brain stem and blazed a trail through his belly before settling in his groin. Every gentle push, every tentative lick, every soft suck...slowly but surely, he began to lose track of conscious thought.
“Because Greg didn’t want to make a big fuss,” interjected Will, entering from the sitting room just off the front hall. “Hello, Sherlock.” He kissed his son before turning to pat John’s shoulder. “And John—you look very well. How is our young chap?” He peered into the car seat at the sleeping baby. “What a handsome lad! Well, almost as handsome as…” he bent double to bring himself almost nose to nose with Kit. “Master Christopher! And how are you this morning?”
Sherlock leaped to his feet without further deliberation and dragged John up and into his arms. It was rough, undignified and awkward. John was still a bit weak in the knees—his lack of balance nearly tipped them both to the floor. But he was pliant as Sherlock wrapped both arms around his shoulders and held him, hard, pressing his cheek into the side of John’s head.
“You two didn’t really think my initials were A G R A, did you? For god’s sake, it’s a city in India!”
Sherlock gazed down between their bodies at John, his cheeks beautifully flushed. In a flurry of limbs, he’d reversed his position and was climbing over John. He settled between John’s thighs with a wicked grin. “I’ll finish what I’ve started,” he rumbled. “I want you to come in my mouth.”
“I can’t.” John straightened the collar of his plaid shirt and watched Sherlock tugging on his suit jacket. “I can’t look her in the eye and pretend…I can’t, Sherlock. There has to be another way.”
“So what about you, then?” John asked, staring at his shoes. He was too close to the edge now. Suddenly one of the lines Sherlock had written for him popped into his head. “Where are you actually going now?”
“Don’t…please…” John tried to catch Sherlock’s hand before it reached the starburst scar on his shoulder. It was large and still very unsightly.
Sherlock shrugged. "It turned out to be a six. I had thought there was a wonderful subplot with the wife, but that was a red herring."
Sherlock tried to ignore his increased heart rate as he watched John’s body, taut with rage, and flexing fists. “You’re a little dog with a big bark,” he sneered. “You’re not even a real soldier! You’re just a glorified medi —”
John met his eyes with a smile. “You’re always welcome, whenever you would like. You know I don’t ever want you to feel uncomfortable, though. That’s why I’ve been coming in here.”
“Of course it did,” Sherlock said snidely. “It put an end to their investigation, particularly because no one else had reported him missing and the house showed no sign of forced entry or any kind of struggle.”
John settled himself and tucked his gift under the table out of sight. He still wanted it to be a surprise. Moments later, a waiter arrived and he ordered a drink. He was just about to order another when Sherlock finally swept in.
Sherlock stepped away from the desk and pulled something from his pocket. He moved close enough to reach out and hand it to John, but not close enough for a good morning kiss. Not that John needed one. Course not. They were fine without that kind of thing these days.
It was a strange place for a field hospital, though John knew that was most often the case. The abandoned chapel was missing its windows — save for one of exquisite medieval stained glass, which John hoped would somehow survive the war — and there was a large hole in the roof over the altar. Still, the small building of cinnamon-coloured stone, pockmarked by shells though it was, provided a relatively safe place to care for the wounded.
John snorted, finally looking up at the man. “So you were, what, sniffing the air every time he came back to our table because…”
Sherlock reached toward John, but stopped just short of touching him. His fingers curled and uncurled in the air with the desperate need to feel John’s comforting solidity beneath his fingertips. “John, please. I don’t know what this is. What’s wrong? Are you ill?”
“Here,” Lestrade said. He held up a pair of old slippers. “At least these will keep you warm until we can get you…”
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I have the capacity, I suppose, I simply choose not to. It’s easier this way.”
Jeanette had already arrived and waved cheerfully from a cozy table near the back of the glittering black and white room. As he neared, she stood and greeted him with a quick peck to the cheek.
“I don’t want to have to ask again,” John continued, his voice rough. He sat on the edge of the desk now, directly in front of the spot where Mycroft stood. He crossed his arms over his chest. “Where. Is. Sherlock?”
John chuckled as the very rigid evidence of Sherlock's morning wood bumped into his leg. “Yes. Yes, it is,” John agreed. His body responded instantly to Sherlock's nearness and arousal. He kissed Sherlock tenderly, lingering over the delicate shape of his upper lip. “And what would you like to do about that, carnally speaking?”
The tall man took several steps forward. “I assure you, we are your allies and have only his best interests at heart. I am here to remove him to England, where he will receive the best treatment possible.”
Greg shook his head, letting his gaze drop to where his hands were fidgeting in his lap. He was slumped in the chair looking as stunned as he sounded. “I believe you. I mean, yeah, ‘course I do. I just can’t wrap my head around it.”
Sherlock took a deep breath and tried to focus. “The, uh, the local librarian was happy to share some of his unpublished works, too. Not at all bad, though he has never garnered much national attention.”
John leaned back into the bookcase behind him as Sherlock loomed. The alpha smoothed John’s hair back from his face.
“You have to trust me,” he said firmly. “He knows what he’s doing. A crime has been committed and Sherlock’s just solved it.”
John shook his head. “No, look. We’re not going to do this. Not anymore. I’m going to have a hard time dealing with all of this, probably for a while, but it doesn’t mean I don’t…”
His throat closed at the memory of his dead mate. He forced a shuddering breath and reached down to gather his son into his arms. Kit clung to him, nestling his small face into John’s neck to seek the comfort of his omega parent’s scent.
Sherlock swallowed hard at the touch of John’s hand through the thin fabric of his button-down shirt.
Sherlock reached out for John's extended hand with a smile. He stood, stepped around the coffee table and drifted easily into John's embrace. He wrapped one arm around John shoulders, while John's fitted securely around his waist. His right hand in John's left, bodies tight together, John began to sway.
Sherlock could only moan his agreement to that. He dropped to his knees and attempted to help with John’s last clothing. Somehow, though, the button fly on John’s jeans was being particularly difficult. “Damn it!”
Sherlock did not attack John, but rather focused on resisting. He feinted and ducked and released himself from every hold, making every effort to frustrate his opponent. And it was working.
For two hours, they talked and laughed about nothing in particular. They reminisced—wallowed, perhaps—in the good memories from their first few years together as a couple. After they’d eaten, John gave him his present. Sherlock exclaimed over the perfection of it and that it would be the prize of his collection. John was not surprised, but could admit to being a little disappointed that Sherlock hadn’t got anything for him. He could tell Sherlock felt bad about it, though, even if he didn’t say so.
“Easy, now,” John gentled. He returned his hand to Sherlock's cock and began to stroke again. “My little Mauna Loa.”
“Oh, yes,” John assured him. “If you really, really want to shoot for distance—which will probably have no impact on your orgasm, by the way—we can probably get you there.”
“Hmmm,” Sherlock agreed with a subtle nod. “This baby, like Kit and Drew, will be some combination of my own characteristics and yours. And these are not inconsiderable. Our children have the potential to be adventurous, brave, creative, loyal and brilliant. They might be musical or they might be athletic. Or both. And then they will have their own unique traits as well. Kit constantly surprises me—and you know how precious that is.”
“I liked it. Not really our taste, as I said, but it was really well done. Don’t you think Sherlock?”
Sherlock rolled John to his back and wasted no time sliding down the length of his body. John arched off the bed with a shout as Sherlock’s lips closed around his prick. He dug his fingers into his alpha’s curls and held on.
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Sherlock asked, eyeing the familiar restaurant warily. The place was dimly lit and welcoming—somehow it seemed so much more intimate than it had before.
He sat for a moment, indulging in just a few more minutes of self-pity. Soon, though, his need to be clean—and his desperate need for human company—drove him up. He stepped off of the large carpet the bed was set on and onto the smooth hardwood. Sometime during the course of the night, he’d managed to slip his shoes off. He glanced around and noticed that he kicked them off under the edge of the bed.
“I say, Sherlock,” William called, waving them over. “Have a look at this one. It’s right up your street.”
Mycroft sighed, gesturing to the large rectangular parcel wrapped in brown paper that was leaning against the seat in front of them. “Our parents asked me to procure something for you.”
“No, no,” John tried to reassure him. “But Daddy has to take special care not to get upset and I wasn’t doing a very good job of that just now. We’re going to make sure everything is okay.”
“Please!” Kit crowed, looking very pleased with himself. He flopped forward to give John a messy kiss.
Janine stepped closer to Sherlock and stroked a hand over his jaw. “I’ll tell you anything you want to know, sexy, but I’m not going to go down today.”
“Not sad,” Sherlock assured him. “Sometimes people cry when they’re happy, too. Though I really have no idea why.”
Perhaps most importantly, Mr. Blue Skull was now a reminder of the soldier who’d given Sherlock more of himself than any other person before him—who’d taken Sherlock exactly as he was, and become a fixture in Sherlock’s life. John was now as symbolic to him of “home” as the painting itself was…so valuable to him that Sherlock had been, in many ways, a shadow of himself while he was off on his own playing dead. John had saved him. And Sherlock loved him for it.
John broke free from Sherlock’s hold on his shoulders and pushed the alpha away from him. Sherlock looked confused and hurt, but John did not waste time. He sprinted for the stairs.
John dozed, arms wrapped around his upset stomach. He was shaken awake by his escort in front of a pleasant but relatively unassuming townhouse.
Long-term relationships were not something in which he was an expert. This was his first. He had nothing to compare it to, save for those few brief years with Mary. Which was nothing to—what was it now?
He watched as John turned and dipped his chin, momentarily framed by the vivid colour of Mr. Blue Skull behind him before he moved toward the stairs.
John smiled finally and dropped his gaze. He stirred his noodles around the plate. “You were going to ask me something,” he said softly.
Sherlock hesitated briefly — Emily had always been very affectionate with him and he had always done his best to reciprocate in some way, though he occasionally felt ill-equipped. Now, however, it was crucial that he not disappoint her. He caught John's eye and the look of understanding there. John smiled at him and gave an almost imperceptible nod. Sherlock returned it and leaned in to give Emily a gentle peck. When he withdrew, he found Emily smiling up at him. She patted his cheek with one small hand before turning back to her father.
“Yes, that is surprising, isn’t it?” Sherlock said. “I am far more…sensitive…I suppose you could say, than I ever have been before. Seeing you like this, seeing our child inside you—I can admit I find myself moved by it.”
“I think you’re gorgeous and I’m asking nicely if I might do something about that,” John finished, moving to once more stroke over Sherlock’s cheek.
Mary had made contact and been told to expect instructions (and to be ready to travel) early on Monday.
Later, when they revisited that fateful moment, they would debate who moved first. Sherlock would swear that John had lifted his damp face to capture Sherlock’s mouth. John would argue that Sherlock had nudged John’s chin up to press his mouth to John’s.
Holmes brow creased as John’s hand skimmed over the side pocket at the front of his case, but it cleared quickly. John caught the change, though. He moved away from the area and continued his search elsewhere.
“I won’t,” Sherlock promised vaguely. He wandered into the living room and flopped back onto the floor beside Drew—who was gnawing on his stuffed giraffe.
Sherlock gave a long, put-upon sigh (something Kit had also mastered in three short years) and swept Drew into his arms. He spun around the room in time to the (admittedly ridiculous) music, bouncing the small boy up and down.
The lateness of the hour had particularly appealed to him when an old friend from medical school, Mike Stamford, had offered to pay for a sleeper berth for the trip to Cornwall. Fewer passengers meant less racket. Everything was so much louder than he remembered, which was bizarre considering the noise levels where he’d been. Somehow, though, the regular everyday sounds of life jangled his nerves. Perhaps it was the effects of the insomnia, or just another symptom of what his therapist had very quickly diagnosed as post-traumatic stress disorder.
John was about to answer when his mobile buzzed, indicating a new text. He sighed heavily at the words on the screen:
Kit was clean and dressed, perched on his knees in the middle of the floor and putting the final touches on a Lego Duplo castle. Sherlock, still in his dressing gown and pyjama bottoms, was cross-legged beside him, using one hand to continue sorting bricks by colour and size. His other hand was extended in the direction of Drew, who had pulled himself up to stand beside the coffee table. Drew was slapping the table with delight, bouncing to continue testing the strength of his little legs, and jabbering away to no one in particular.
John sat heavily, still holding on to Sherlock’s shirtsleeve. Sherlock took one step back then, briefly considering whether he should withdraw.
Sherlock’s skin was fair and smooth, marked only occasionally by fine moles. The dusting of dark hair over his chest was lighter than John had seen on other alphas, but then Sherlock was still young. He was indeed as lean as John would have thought, though with surprising muscular definition.
“No. Well, he has as many weaknesses as any ordinary man. More, perhaps.” Mycroft shifted in his seat, uncrossing his legs. “But that is not news to you.”
“A last burst of fertility,” John said gently. “Often happens to breeders a short time before meno- or andropause.”
“I’ve heard it should be ready before the end of the year,” Dr. Awiti said cheerfully. “I know that doesn’t help you.”
John concentrated on the bandages and being as careful as possible. He wanted to minimize the scarring as much as he was able. Sherlock was a very handsome man…
“Not that there’s anything wrong with it, as those idiot boys would know if they had any brains at all between them, but you, Trouble, are not girly.”
“Thought I lost you there for a moment,” John said softly. He had both arms looped around Sherlock’s body, and his fingers stroked soothingly over Sherlock’s back.
John had called Sherlock names and squeezed his hands until they’d both heard bones moving (for which John had apologized profusely). He’d cried all over his mate and sweated on him and thrown up on him once (a stomach full of naan bread and mango lassi didn’t mix with labour). Still, Sherlock remained steadfast and attentive throughout.
Sherlock glanced down at the man he loved and revelled in his body. John was short, true, and it had been years since the army kept him in true fighting trim. But he was fit and strong and every scar, every mark was John. And Sherlock loved every single bit.
John obliged him, pressing a tender, open-mouthed kiss to the firm bud and teasing the tip with the tip of his tongue. “Would you like me to…suck?”
John spoke evenly, as though to a skittish horse. Sherlock began to settle again, marvelling as his body adjusted to the stretch. He rolled his hips experimentally, delighting in the rub of John’s pubic hair over his bottom, and was rewarded with a groan from John.
He jumped up and began to pace. He needed something to do, but somehow couldn’t think of where to begin. Everything was jumbled. Nothing was as it ought to be.
“I need to get you out of here,” John said, placing a hand against Sherlock’s brow. “You’ve a bit of a fever — it could be infection setting in. Perhaps it was a mistake to stay behind the others. You need more care than I can give you here.”
There was a snuffling whimper from the bassinet; John reached down and easily scooped the waking baby into his arms. “Hello, pet,” he said tenderly. He gazed down at his new son, who was blinking up at him. “Are you hungry?”
There are two deliveries he does not expect to receive, but enquiries with the vendors reveal that the orders had been placed and paid for more than a month before the event that drove his dear friend, John Watson, to the edge of despair. Mike receives these packages with a heavy heart and puts them away for safekeeping.
Sherlock stood and stalked toward her, John’s gun in his hand and still raised toward her. “Shouldn’t have been so careless,” he sneered. “Shouldn’t have left this where I could get at it.”
John shoved at the heavy coat on Sherlock’s shoulders, gratified when Sherlock lifted his arms to let it fall to the ground. The suit coat beneath it followed. John fumbled with buttons until he’d parted Sherlock’s expensive shirt and revealed rosy brown nipples. He dipped his head and captured one between his lips, working the pebbled nub with teeth and tongue. The train jerked sharply and Sherlock’s knees buckled; John braced them both against the closet wall as he continued to suckle.
John nodded, refusing to meet the man’s eyes—which were an unusual and rather captivating colour in addition to being unnervingly attentive. “Could you open the bag for me, please?”
The cameras were still rolling, capturing every moment of the dramatic rescue, the arrival of the police and emergency medical personnel, and the reactions of the television cast and crew.
John glanced up at the change in his passenger’s tone. “Helps? With what?” He slipped his hands around Holmes’ narrow waist, carefully feeling the band of his trousers. John closed his eyes and willed his cock not to swell at the idea of digging his fingers into Holmes’ waist and dragging the lean body up against his own.
“—happened,” John finished for him. “Right.” He leaned back in his chair and steeled himself for the next part of the discussion. “So why didn’t you stop?”
Sherlock dragged his tongue up and over John’s hip, nipped over the surface of his belly, and stopped briefly to suckle at his nipples before finally covering John’s mouth with his own.
“Jesus!” John said, sounding ill. “I can’t believe this sick fuck actually did it. He actually bricked someone into his cellar.”
At length, he reached the edge of the park. It was nearly dark now, though there were lights on tonight. Once more, he allowed his imagination to wander. He pictured Sherlock — handsome and robust — pacing vigorously down one of the paths and disappearing into the park. John moved to follow his fantasy.
been hitting on him that first night (which, of course, he wasn’t), the opportunity had passed. Now, with everything they’d gone through with Mary…
John had been both ridiculously chuffed and a little worried. He didn’t want Sherlock thinking that he didn’t approve of him. Still, he’d confirmed for his young alpha that his statement had sounded a bit calloused. And then, moments later, he had tried not to sound offended at Sherlock forgetting that he
Sherlock slid to his knees at John’s feet. John fell back against his chair as Sherlock’s hands splayed over his thighs. “I love you, Dr. John Watson. I wish for nothing more than to have you by my side until we’re both old and grey. I want to work with you, to live with you and to make love with you. Is that all right?”
Sherlock nodded and returned his attention to the paperwork in front of him. He reviewed his statement and signed his name to the bottom with a flourish. With one finger, he pushed the paper back across Lestrade's desk.
The journey to Sherlock’s bedroom was a short one. Nevertheless, he stumbled over his own long feet at least twice. John had hold of Sherlock’s waist and kept turning him for teasing little kisses as they walked. John was making such wonderful rumbly sounds–a sort of growling noise deep in his throat. Sherlock wasn’t sure how long he would last at this rate.
John continued the movement of his hips until he could no longer bear the feeling of fabric between them. He pushed up to stand—grinning like a fiend as Sherlock stifled a whine at the loss—and hastily removed his pants and socks. He tugged roughly at Sherlock’s trousers and pants, and threw them to the floor with everything else.
“As you may be aware, this first injection will start the process of regulating your cycles, but won’t prevent your coming rut. However it will blunt the symptoms and make it a bit easier to manage.”
John snorted, looking down to where Sherlock was struggling to disentangle himself from the gurney’s restraints and blankets.
The baby had finally dozed in his face-forward carrier, draped back over John’s chest, in the back of the black saloon Mycroft had sent for them. John was trying very hard not to give in to anxiety, but Mycroft knew he’d been on edge since the phone call, at 4 a.m., to let him know “the package you ordered has come in.”
Sherlock moaned into the bed, eyes closed and body entirely focused on the pain in his arse…and the pleasure building in his groin. It was exquisite. If he’d known, if he’d had any idea — well, he’d have been a little less dismissive of Miss Adler’s clientele, for a start.
John took it, feeling a bit silly shaking hands with Sherlock Holmes when he’d been snogging him only moments before—even if it was pretend. “John Watson.”
“Yes, thank you, Lestrade. That’s quite enough,” Sherlock grumbled. He nodded at Archie as he tucked John’s hand into his own. “Take care of yourself, Archie, and your mum. We’ll talk soon, all right?”
“Look, Sherlock,” he started. “Look, you need to wake up now. I need you to show them that you are going to be okay. You need to show them that you were not gone too long — ” John’s voice broke.
Sherlock smiled weakly before glancing down to the spot where John had clasped their hands together. “Part time is better than no time at all—if you think Mary should retain custody. If you want to raise the baby, I’ll…help. I’ll be rubbish at it, but I can learn. I want to help you be a father, if that’s what you want.”
He was walking out of the kitchen with napkins and cutlery in hand. He paused on his way to meet Sherlock at the sitting room door. He stretched up and planted a gentle kiss on Sherlock's mouth. “Hello,” he whispered.
“You are such an obedient boy tonight,” he praised. He dragged his tongue over the lightly furred length of Sherlock’s thigh.
“Oh,” Sherlock said casually. “The calcium binding properties of the oxalates found in spinach cause them to precipitate as crystals on the surfaces of your teeth.”
“I just mean that you are larger than life and it’s easy for someone to get caught up in that. I guess Anderson couldn’t let go.” John swallowed hard. “It’s sad, really. His kids are the ones who’ll suffer for it.”
John reached clumsily for the edges of Sherlock’s jacket, so Sherlock did likewise. Somehow, with a minimum of awkward arm twisting and giggling, they managed to get them both off. Sherlock slid both palms up and over John’s chest with an appreciative sigh before making quick work of his tie.
The young man’s haughty expression faded, quickly giving way to something like puzzlement. “Do you think so?”
John sighed into the kiss and rolled closer to Sherlock. He slanted his lips over Sherlock’s mouth and gently prompted Sherlock to open for him. Sherlock did, desperately, and could not contain the moan deep in his throat as John’s tongue slipped inside.
John complied with Sherlock’s prodding hands, lifting his arms and legs and head on cue to allow the alpha to remove everything. “You’re enjoying this,” he complained.
John pulled a pair of clean jeans and a rumpled jumper out of the bag and laid them on the bed beside him. Perhaps if he took them into the en suite while he showered, the steam might help.
It was all John needed. He canted his hips forward, pushing his fat cock inside Sherlock’s hole. He hesitated with the slight resistance, but surged forward once more with Sherlock’s muttered plea. Soon, he was pounding hard and fast against the man’s plush bum, matching this rhythm on Sherlock’s cock as well.
John quickly added a third finger and worked Sherlock’s rim as best he could before grabbing for one of the condoms. He tore at the foil packet with his teeth and rolled it into place with shaking fingers. He slathered himself with more lube and rubbed the head of his sheathed cock over Sherlock’s winking arsehole.
“When I thought I’d lost you, I was dead,” he said, his voice shaking. “There was nothing left. I’d come back from the brink when I met you and I knew I couldn’t do it again. Not when I’d lost the one person who made me feel alive. I’d missed my chance and you were gone. I couldn’t—” John choked on the words. “Mary patched me back together, but I wasn’t the same. And then you came home. I was so angry with you for what you’d put me through, and so proud of you for doing what you did—what you went through chasing down all those criminals. And I was so desperate for you to tell me that you did it all for me. I wanted it to be for me.”
Sherlock sighed and retreated, but only enough to kick off his shoes and shimmy pants and trousers to the floor.
John frowned at him, but leaned forward in his seat to wave goodbye to their guests as the taxi pulled away. He settled into his seat once more and fixed his new, legally sanctioned bondmate with a sceptical glare. “You are a very gifted fibber when you choose to be. I know you didn’t really think I’d believe that.”
John glared at his mate. He set Kit down on the floor next to Mycroft and knelt beside them. Kit leaned in between Mycroft and Greg, looking very grave as he patted Mycroft’s cheek.
The fact was, he’d felt like a prat the first time he’d said anything about Sherlock’s less tactful behaviour. It had been the same night as their first experiment in mutual fellatio (now a rather delightful ongoing feature of their new sex life). They’d been roused from their bed by a fake drugs bust.
“You were dead, Sherlock,” John said evenly. “You left me and I…I didn’t cope well. I fell for someone else because she made me feel a little bit alive again, and I was committed to her. Foolishly. Stupidly. And I put us all in danger because I—” John blew a breath out between pursed lips. “Because I was still angry at you. I followed through on my relationship with Mary, because I felt I had to. And because you made it clear...”
“JESUS!!” John shouted as the shower curtain was torn back to reveal a very naked Sherlock. “Sherlock! Are you trying to scare me to death?”
John had told Mycroft he would look after Sherlock, which he knew hadn’t been in any doubt. He told himself he was going to rebuild his relationship with his best friend. Also true—they had a whole new relationship to sort out.
Sherlock had reiterated that he wanted to call John “Captain” or “sir,” and that he preferred to be John’s “good boy,” all of which suited John very well. They’d negotiated what kinds of things they would try: Sherlock had liked being bound and they’d both enjoyed the discipline; Sherlock clearly had a military kink, and John felt a bit weak at the knees at the idea of role play and Sherlock in some sort of costume as well. They’d also agreed to limits and exclusions. And although Sherlock had argued against any further use of a safe word, John was resolute. Frankly, he was still shocked he’d had the presence of mind to insist on it in his drugged state. At any rate, he’d felt it was still important, at least for a while. It was all new to them both, and he was very well aware of Sherlock’s tendency to neglect his own well-being and push himself too far.
Sherlock’s arm tightened around John’s shoulders. “I will take excellent care of him. You have my word.”
Sherlock hesitated on the upstroke, trapping the head of John’s cock between John’s belly and Sherlock’s scrotum. He rubbed there, in short strokes, stimulating John’s fraenulum with his own bollocks until John was keening.
The tears surprised Sherlock. He’d thought he would have to fake his fear and misery, but seeing John made him doubt the wisdom of their plan. How could he make John watch? Mycroft had promised him they’d have someone to look after John. After. There would be doctors to make sure he was all right. The broken bond would hurt him, but he would be better off in the long run, while Sherlock was…gone.
John almost smiled. Going on the offensive—clearly the man had something to hide. “You and/or your bags were noted by the canine patrol.” John regarded Holmes carefully, hands resting on the zipper of the front pocket. “Is there anything you’d like to tell me?”
“I’ve looked in all the usual places; his PA is trying to track him down. I don’t know why, but I thought he might have come here.”
Sherlock suckled at John’s neck, licking and nibbling as he strummed John’s sensitive breasts. John knew he was leaking milk. He was beyond caring. He moaned and turned his face, begging for a kiss.
John laughed softly. “Well, It’s quite charming. I’ve enjoyed having them around, and Archie’s mum. We’ve had some nice visits as well; she’s a lovely woman. She’s thanked me several times for allowing you to be an ‘alpha role model’ for the boys.”
“My brother tells me only what he thinks I need to know. I didn’t even know your name until I got here.”
Holmes stared at a point somewhere over John’s head. John shrugged and opened the case. He inspected the two new syringes, still in their packets. There were small pieces of singed foil, a likewise blackened spoon, a handful of cotton balls, and a rubber tourniquet.
Sherlock did as he was told, slipping each disk through fabric and then tugging the sides of the shirt a little further apart. Inch by inch, his skin was bared. He thumbed the edges of the fine fabric and then slid his hands down to tug the shirt free of his trousers. Sherlock pulled the fabric wide — it was nothing John hadn’t actually seen before, but not like this. Never like this.
“Thank you,” John said. He slid Sherlock’s fingers from his cheek and kissed them, and then pressed them to his chest. “You do realize that these characteristics are all entirely fluid and any of the kids could turn out to be any of the above? I mean, we’re going on history and precedent, but it’s been forty years now since researchers started to question how much ‘typical’ gendered behaviour was actually just a response to social dictates and external influences.”
“You’re a freak,” Donovan snapped. “I don’t know what you’re getting out of this, but it’s not normal.”
John, in a daze, started moving toward the scene. He was slowed by a collision with a cyclist. A pair of hands appeared out of nowhere to steady him before he could topple over. He kept moving, his eyes fixed on the spot where Sherlock was lying…not moving…
John to trust you with his…anything else? I mean actually used your words and told him what it is you would like?”
“I need to see you come, my love. I need it so badly,” John urged huskily. “Push the sheet away and let me watch your pretty cock. Please?”
Mycroft studied him in the unflinching Holmes fashion. John wilted under the scrutiny, just as he had when Sherlock had exposed his addiction to danger through the unwitting Billy Wiggins.
"Oh. Well, still, a good few days out of this one. Was there anything you need help sorting out or..."
Sherlock's grinned, for the second time in two days, at the sight of John's smiling face. A light, fluffy feeling settled in his insides as he settled back to drink his tea. He stuck one long foot out and rubbed it against John's calf.
“No, that's not—look, I know he had reasons. But there was something else to it.” Lestrade watched Sherlock with a pointed expression. “And I just think, well, I think the thing that's changed? It's really good.”
Mycroft moved in close enough to where Greg stood in the kitchen that Kit could wrap his arms around Greg’s neck and land a noisy buss on the copper’s stubbly cheek.
“I’m very glad to hear it,” Sherlock said. He turned his attention to where his mother was still perched on the edge of her seat. “And mother. How are you?”
“John, stay calm,” Mycroft reached out and placed a hand on his shoulder. He nodded meaningfully at the sleeping baby. “He’s injured, but not critically. I just wanted you to be aware that his appearance is…altered.”
“One day, John. One more hard day and this will all work out. We should be able to eliminate Magnussen and draw out Mary’s employer all in one.”
John nodded, arms crossed over his chest. “And I’m not going to pretend that didn’t hurt. I’ve been worried, and I wish you’d felt you could confide in me about your sister. But…maybe that’s a discussion for later. Once you’ve had time to regroup.”
“Nope,” Sherlock replied, popping his “p.” “As long as none of them are as annoying as Anderson, I’m happy.”
He swallowed, tracing the last droplets from his lips with his tongue. He huffed with amusement. “Ah, and now you look very cross with me.”
When he was certain Sherlock had completed, John hurried to sit up. He straddled his lover's hips and began to fist himself furiously over Sherlock's body with his come-covered hand.
Sure enough, Drew wobbled only briefly before toddling back toward his play mat on slightly unsteady legs. John slapped a hand over his mouth to keep from gasping. His eyes welled up—bloody hormones.
“No, no. Of course not,” John replied, fixing a smile on his face. “You are a very kind person. I know you would never hurt me.”
William’s hand rested on John’s shoulder and John grasped gratefully at his wrist. They stood that way for a moment, until John could regain his composure. He didn’t want Kit to see him this way. He felt a strange fluttering of something at William calling him “son.” It was a small thing, really, but it made him feel stronger somehow.
“A lonely, broken omega with an adrenaline addiction, who had never been in love and had decided not to breed.”
“No, I know,” John sniffed, hating that he was feeling so sensitive about the whole thing. “I don’t want to terminate, I just…I just wasn’t prepared.”
“Well, if he is interested in a pharmaceutical solution, I’ll get him started on the Androtheryn to get his cycle balanced. It won’t prevent this rut, but it will dull the impact somewhat. Then I can provide counselling to cope with the emotional strain of the rut, as it sounds as though that might be traumatic for him,” John started. “In addition, I can provide him with some guidance on dealing with his symptoms and, if he chooses, arrange a space for him in one of the surrogacy clinics. I’ll do everything I can to get him through this.”
“This is absurd,” Holmes snapped. “A complete waste of my time. And yours. Why on earth would you bother with a bogus drugs bust when there are so many more dangerous people out there? I noticed at least three illegals out in the lines. One was most certainly connected with a radical group based out of South America—”
Sherlock glared at him. “And you think that is unusual in a doctor who has survived a war and a painful divorce and...the kinds of things he has seen with me?”
Maybe she’d simply hoped Sherlock might survive. Maybe she had called the ambulance to hedge her bets. It didn’t matter. He didn’t care.
“At last!” Francine cried, easing the Rover into a parking place. “I was beginning to think I’d really got us lost. Sorry about that.” She turned to face them over the seat. “You two can go ahead in—they should be set up for you. I’ll be waiting when you’re finished, to take you back to the hotel.”
“You said my name, at the…end.” Sherlock’s hand tightened around the bed sheet and tugged it up over his bared and bandaged chest.
John sobbed and grabbed fistfuls of the back of Sherlock’s blue shirt as he buried his face in Sherlock’s shoulder.
“I am aware of how much I will owe you, Mycroft,” Sherlock sighed. After another short pause, he snorted. “Please—you and I both know you will never tell Mummy. You get far too much enjoyment out of having me at the end of your leash.”
“John…” Sherlock groaned. He was leaning so far forward that he knew he’d fall over if John moved. He grasped at the front of John’s shirt, digging his fingers in and wishing he could feel skin instead. “More.”
“Doing anything special for Christmas?” Detective Inspector Lestrade asked. He was shifting restlessly and stamping his feet against the cold. A light snow was drifting to the ground.
“Her mission,” John repeated dumbly. He stood and walked to where Sherlock had paused by the window. “I was her mission.”
He’d stepped in, cupped John’s delightful square jaw in both hands, and drawn him up. He’d happily slotted his fuller bottom lip between both of John’s as naturally as though he’d been doing it for years, and hummed his pleasure at the warm, moist pressure.
“Emily could take her nap in my flat while you and I have a look at those emails,” Sherlock offered lightly.
“Very good,” the server said smoothly. He retrieved the beer glass John had emptied within minutes of ordering it and took his leave.
Sherlock watched helplessly as his mother kidnapped his husband. John shot him a ‘rescue me’ look over one shoulder; all Sherlock could do was mouth,
At length, Sherlock stopped before a black door labelled 221 and let them in. He helped John up the stairs, mindful of the leg and cane, and then into a small sitting room.
“He’s a great kid, John,” Greg said. “He’s smart and well-behaved and he’s really happy. You’ve done a great job with him. You both have. Sherlock has turned out to be a great father.”
Sherlock waved a hand dismissively. “Oh, that’s not important. Forget I mentioned it. In fact, most of what I’ve told you — well, I trust I don’t need to spell out for you that I probably shouldn’t have. And I know I can rely on you never to reveal what you know about me and my activities during the war.”
It just wasn't the same though, John thought miserably. He hung his damp coat in the hall and trudged up the stairs. He let himself into the sitting room—sure enough, it was empty.
“Meaning I am not the usual, bog standard charlatan relying on my audience’s inattention and desperate, forlorn hopes to feign some kind of connection with the afterlife.”
“You don’t need to feel like you have to stay, though,” John said. “If you have something else you need to do.”
“It’s too late to take anything anyway,” Sherlock replied calmly. “Nothing to worry about. My parents will take the boys. Mycroft is coming to pick them up in an hour.”
“Nobody could be that clever.” Sherlock sniffled, tears staining he cheeks. He would miss the birth of his child. He was leaving John alone. Pregnant and alone.
It was William. John knew he wouldn’t be able to hide his distress from his very perceptive father-in-law. He gulped loudly, struggling to gain control of himself in order to reply. “Yes?”
John opened and closed his mouth several times. There was so much he wished to say. So much he needed to ask. He reached up to brush an inky curl from Sherlock’s forehead, sweeping over scarred flesh as he did. “You’re alive,” he breathed.
John sighed at the obvious deflection. “Oh, we could go for a walk by the sea or go visit the ancient village—”
“I know,” Sherlock acknowledged quietly, having the decency to look contrite. “And I know you may not be able to forgive me.”
Greg looked down at himself. “I dunno. I’m just worried about it clinging to me. I don’t want it too small.” He frowned. “Midwife says I have to stop gaining so much weight.”
“And I’ve told you: Emily needs a room of her own,” John sighed. “I know you’d love to have everything back the way it was, but things have changed.”
“All right, then?” John waited for Sherlock to look up at him. When the detective smiled, John started to pull his gloves back on. “Good. Lay off the crap telly, mate, and I will see you tomorrow. Do you want me to meet you at Bart’s?”
“Thank you,” John said blandly. He checked through the documents quickly and double-checked them against the computer, but saw nothing out of order. Williams had escorted him through, though, so this was not merely an immigration issue. It meant the dogs had detected something strange on this passenger or his bags.
“You know you don’t have to,” Jeanette said, grinning slyly. “It’s not like you owe me a debt or something. I’m long since over what went on with us.”
John continued kissing him as he tore at his own clothes. Sherlock tried to help, tugging here and there at a sleeve or a pocket. Eventually, they both stepped out of their pants and John guided them down to the bed. They lay side by side, stroking and nuzzling.
Greg’s worried expression returned. “Thing is, my scent had finally changed enough and I was showing enough that my team noticed.”
"Go on," John whispered, stretching up to press a kiss to Sherlock's brow. "I know you want to. I know you need to. Go on love. Suck me there."
John sidled even closer, one hand curled over Sherlock’s thigh. He nuzzled into the dark hair and whispered, “Your exquisite bum. Your lovely—” John kissed his cheek. “Perfect—” Another kiss. “Bitable bum.”
“Patience,” Sherlock whispered, holding him still. He eased forward, inch by inch, testing John’s readiness for a fully erect alpha prick.
John drifted then, feeling only the wonderful pressure and fullness of his alpha inside him and the hard slap of Sherlock’s hips against his bottom. He was moaning something, probably didn’t matter what. Sherlock was responding with muttered nonsense, right into John’s ear.
“I think so, yeah. If I can. I did with Kit…” John trailed off at the thought of his son’s tumultuous birth at only 32 weeks.
“Yeah? I had a bit a struggle with Drew. He was terribly cranky for a few days.” John smiled. “It was the cuddling he missed more than the milk. So we’ve added some Daddy bonding time to our day.”
John strode lightly along the pavement between the tube station and the flat—shopping bag in one hand—humming to himself. It was a lovely afternoon, his morning sickness had finally ended and Sherlock had stayed home with Kit so John could go to the shops without their very curious (and, at the moment, very grabby) toddler.
“And, as we have established, my job is ideally suited to parenting,” Sherlock continued casually. “I have flexible hours. I can work from home. I can take time off whenever I need to.”
When they returned, hands washed and hair brushed, Sherlock had cleared away the lunch dishes and retrieved the boys’ cases. And by the time Mycroft arrived only thirty minutes on, John had made his calls. Kit had been treated to a lively reading of
Sherlock ran his tongue over his lips as John approached, looking decidedly dangerous. John did not stop moving until they were toe to toe. He focussed his drug-addled squint up into Sherlock’s face.
“No,” John confirmed. “I’ve found people are less comfortable revealing their most intimate secrets to someone who’s only just back from a war zone.”
Mary jumped back as the door was kicked in. Uniformed special forces—ah, so this was Mycroft, then—spilled into the room. Mary was pressed to the floor, hands over her head.
“Oh, no. No,” John said swiftly, instantly feeling guilty. “I don’t…” He released a ragged breath. “Even though we didn’t plan this one, it is still our child.” He covered his stomach with both hands reflexively. “And it’s not your fault. I should have been more aware, and had supplies in the house.”
“The truth is…I fell in love with you,” John blurted. He sucked air into his lungs and carried on. “I know it was a matter of days, and you were my patient, but I have never felt like this before. Not for anyone.”
Hastings hesitated for a while longer, clearly weighing his options. “I’ll give you an additional 24 hours, then I’m sending the ambulance back for you and you’ll move him regardless, is that clear?”
John nodded. The strange broadcast earlier that day, as they’d watched Sherlock’s plane leave the ground, had changed everything. Now Sherlock had a reason to stay, and they would once again have to track and catch James Moriarty...or whomever Mary was really working for.
“Time,” Sherlock replied, rolling his eyes. “Of course. The lead researcher: She has access to the atomic clock uplink for the lab.”
They struggled to stand, only just gaining their feet as the doors to the guards van were thrown open and the SAS shouted at everyone to remain where they were. As soldiers circled the small car, identifying both heroes and villains, John gazed in wonder at his new friend, lover and comrade.
“Me, too,” Greg admitted. “So anyway, he asked me to come to his office. He was concerned there might be a leak in the department, given some of the stories in the press after Sherlock came home.” Greg stood as Jeremy returned. The young man handed him a new shirt and he ducked back into the roomy cubicle and pulled the curtain closed. “I went to his personal office—you know the one.”
John opened a fresh notebook and wrote the date and his new client’s name. “So Mr. Holmes, what brings you here today?”
They moved together, bodies—and souls, perhaps, if one believed in such things—as one. It was, Sherlock supposed, the way it was always meant to be. Sherlock and John. Holmes and Watson. Inseparable.
“Because I am a specialist and well-respected in my field,” John said calmly. “We decided to add sex surrogates to the practice and they want me to be there for the interviews today.”
Eventually his gentle chuckles gave way to his silly—and delightful—high-pitched giggle. The absurdity of it was too much and Sherlock began to laugh in earnest. By the time they’d calmed down, they both had tears in their eyes.
attempting to work as a research chemist. And prior to that, he had been a student (and had always come up with imaginative reasons to avoid going home to visit). But now that he had been settled for a year, was gainfully employed with whatever Mycroft and the Metropolitan Police could provide, and had a place to live (of sorts), Mycroft had decided it was time he did his share.
“I’m glad you were wrong about me staying here, though, in the end.” John looked out through the window at Penzance. “It’s charming, I suppose, and it was very good of my mate, Mike, to set me up with a position at his friend’s surgery here. But I’d far rather…hang on.”
The heat and the sweat and the slightly sour morning breath, along with his own moderately uncomfortable position, should have been enough to kill the mood for John—certainly had been in the past. But with Sherlock, with everything so new, he couldn't wait to touch and taste. He was still eager, still a little desperate for the chance to connect with the man he loved in this wonderful new way.
Sherlock nodded at her and set his own cup down. He pulled out his pocket magnifier and returned to his assessment of Mrs. Singh.
“Look, I told you today wasn’t a good day,” John said patiently. He slapped Sherlock on the arm. “Emily went to her little friend’s to play after pre-school, but I have to pick her up by…Shit, I have to get moving. I need to be there before five.”
Sherlock could feel his ears turning pink. He cleared his throat and glanced around to see if anyone was looking from the few tables nearby that might be able to see or hear them.
“I’m not entirely sure what I’ve just seen,” John admitted honestly, finally finishing his examination of the rest of the bag and about to return to the pocket that gave his passenger pause.
Sherlock didn't care. It was delightful and gave him every bit as much pleasure as it gave John (or perhaps more). Oh, the sounds John made—Sherlock was hard just thinking about it.
John’s face softened and he smiled. He reached for Sherlock’s hand. “There’s nothing more to say, is there?”
“Good. Ah, here we are.” Sherlock looked up as their waiter arrived with the first course. “Let’s see about this tasting menu, then, shall we?”
Sherlock regarded the boy with fascination. He’d never given children much thought. He’d always considered them something of a nuisance—even when he was one himself—but this boy was intriguing.
“I know,” Sherlock said softly. He kissed John several times, rubbing over the bump where their baby was growing as John rode out the last of his knotted orgasm.
John looked over his shoulder, out through the arched doorway, at the two privates and the tall man in tweed. “But…” he looked back at Sherlock, trying to hide his panic. “What will I — when will I see you?”
“Please. Please just answer me,” John said quietly, making every effort to keep their conversation private.
John watched as Kit picked up another spinach leaf. “Okay, well, I’ll just enjoy this while it lasts,” he chuckled. He leaned over to kiss his mate’s cheek. “Can I convince
“I wouldn’t dream of it,” Mycroft said with something almost resembling a sincere smile. “I may not completely understand my brother’s recently stirred need for human companionship, but I will not begrudge it.”
They’d been waiting for the doctor in her office for nearly twenty minutes. Sherlock had to admit he was flustered. They’d been trying to get pregnant for months, with no success. John had finally decided that they needed to consult an expert. They’d been poked and prodded—John more so than Sherlock—and tested to within an inch of their lives. Today they would learn the results.
John stared, shocked by the rapid-fire biographical sketch. “I am a surgeon, yes. From Aldershot.” He couldn’t help but smile. “I’m stationed with the Canadians at the moment, though they’re going to be pulling out soon.”
“It is, but it’s…so good,” John replied. He lifted his face to place a kiss beneath Sherlock’s jaw. “And this is new.”
They were lying in bed together—John in an oversized nightshirt and Sherlock only in his pyjama bottoms—having put the boys to bed early. John was reading a recent medical journal and Sherlock was visiting his Mind Palace. Though apparently he’d returned.
John turned in time to see his son’s delightfully artless (and wholly Sherlock) expression of innocence. His eyes were wide, brows raised and little cupid’s bow lips slightly parted.
But Sherlock was delighted. He’d never wanted anything more in his life, and when it happened—when John had turned up at the top of the stairs, bags in hand—Sherlock had been as happy as he could ever remember being.
“He’s restless,” John answered Margaret simply. He offered what he hoped was a reassuring smile. “But I think his pain may be a bit better.”
Holmes smirked at him. “Bit of a longshot. Good one though. Your age indicates long service—long enough to have received specialized training OR to have had it before you joined up. That and your hands. You have a surgeon’s dexterity.”
“It would,” John agreed. He nuzzled at Sherlock's hair. “I like being a doctor, but I hate not being with you.”
“And I have never seen you this…cheerful or pleasant. Or appreciative,” John continued. “Not unless you were angling for something. Or hiding something.”
John’s mouth became dry with each inch of skin revealed. He knew, of course, what Sherlock looked like. He’d viewed the man’s body clinically when he’d treated him. But this was so very different. Now he could want. And touch. And taste.
Kit was rubbing his eyes with the back of his hand, loudly expressing his displeasure at the puréed vegetables Margaret was attempting to feed him. He was not as distressed as he had been at home each night—certainly better than he had been before John had started bringing him to see his alpha grandparent—but he was still out of sorts.
John scowled at him and turned a pleasant expression toward the server. “I think we’re okay. Thanks.”
Sherlock stopped immediately when John raised his hand, not even looking in the alpha’s direction. This was not Sherlock’s fight. “Now, now,” John said evenly. “No need to get nasty. You’ve made a mistake, that’s all. Be a good boy and run along.”
“I’m Francine,” she replied, sticking out a hand. “Hullo!” She shook first John’s hand and then Sherlock’s. “This is such a—well, it’s probably the most exciting thing that’s happened to me on this job.”
“And I sleep too much sometimes,” John sighed. “We are neither of us perfect, Sherlock. This isn’t a fairy tale. I am scarred, and I still have nightmares. I have a temper. I have trust issues.”
“We are. For each other. You loved me because of who I was, not what I was—the same way I love you. If we’d never had kids, I know you would still love me.”
“You are so beautiful like this,” John murmured, now gazing into Sherlock’s eyes. “I can’t wait to see you come.”
John was already leaning over to take Sherlock’s hand. He nodded, not looking up from his careful survey of Sherlock’s injuries and bandages.
John strode back into the room with both mugs. "But, what? Homophobia? Bigots? Conservative politicians?"
John waited for a moment, staring expectantly at him. Sherlock shrugged, completely unable to sort out what John was getting at.
Sherlock smiled. It was a little tentative, but it was still a smile. He squeezed John’s hand before releasing it.
John gazed up at him with smiling soft eyes. “Oh, Christ, Sherlock. How can you possibly not know how much I love you? How much I’ve always loved you? How could you think that
John turned to admire Kit’s masterpiece. “That is marvellous, Kit. You’ll have to get Papa to take a picture for Uncle My, hmmm?”
Sherlock hesitated. “I just wondered if I might be one day be an alpha role model for someone else. A child of our own.”
John looked puzzled for a moment before his expression cleared. At that moment, comprehension lit his handsome face and he beamed at Sherlock.
Sherlock broke off with a strangled groan. John dug his fingertips into Sherlock’s bum and pulled him as close as possible, taking in as much of the huge cock as he could before Sherlock shouted his release. His hips bucked, but John held him steady and swallowed the thick load. He moaned with complete abandon at the taste and feel of his alpha coming down his throat. He continued pumping the thick shaft with his hand, to add stimulation to the inches he hadn’t been able to fit in his mouth.
“Sherlock,” John repeated. He couldn’t help but smile a little at the unusual name. Somehow it suited Holmes exactly. “Whatever trouble you’re in, I’m sure there’s a way out of it. Is it money?”
John giggled and reached for Sherlock’s hand. He lifted it to his lips and pressed a tender kiss to the taller man’s knuckles. “Well, that wasn’t just me.”
“Sherlock was just telling young Archie, here, that he could pop ‘round to 221B for a visit,” Lestrade interjected, looking far too pleased with himself.
Sherlock was irritable from lack of sleep. Despite John’s insistence that the bed was big enough for the both of them, Sherlock hadn’t slept a wink. He’d laid on his back, unmoving, terrified to get too near the spot on the left where John was sleeping, for fear…well, it was simply too risky. Frankly, he was disgusted with himself for failing to consider this particular problem when he came up with the ‘Escape to the Country’ idea in the first place.
“John, my love, what can I do?” Sherlock curled around him, attempting to support him as he shifted to lean heavily into the table.
Sherlock wiggled forward until his balls slapped against John’s bottom. He sighed with relief as his unformed knot disappeared inside his mate’s body. He withdrew slowly—oh, so slowly—making sure to nudge John’s spot on the way past. He let his cock pop free of the warm hole only to slam back inside his omega’s willing body.
There was a commotion near the car park, and suddenly another great crowd of people shifted back in their direction. Sherlock spotted the producer chatting with someone as they walked—he was tall with darkish hair and a conventionally handsome face.
“Anyway, the thing with you obviously wasn’t the Andersons’ only issue. It’s rarely just one thing when…something like that happens. We know he was shagging Donovan long before we even knew about Moriarty. There was something wrong with the marriage, or with him.”
John sighed, rubbing his thumb over Sherlock’s bottom lip. “You know, doing—or saying—something mean to get your attention so you’d figure out that I think you’re pretty.”
“Right,” Lestrade muttered, looking somewhat nauseated. “Okay folks, you heard the man. We have a time of death and now we have the method. Donovan, get on to the airport and find us the flight.”
The meeting with Mycroft that afternoon had served to highlight his own inadequacy, but it had also made him more aware than ever that he was going to have to give in. For Kit’s sake. As much as he knew seeing Sherlock’s family again would twist the knife that had been buried beneath his ribs since the day Sherlock died, he could no longer deny that Mycroft was right.
Long minutes later, as Sherlock began to tremble with his oncoming orgasm, John wrapped his free arm around his mate.
John nodded dully, trudging up the narrow stairs. They followed along a corridor, finally coming to a stop outside a cheerful yellow and blue decorated guest room. John felt a swell of relief—he wasn’t sure he’d have been able to keep calm if he’d been led to Sherlock’s old room.
Sherlock sighed. It was all going to be so hopelessly boring. “Yes. I couldn’t talk them out of coming to the bonding celebration. Fortunately, they weren’t all that interested in the civil ceremony. My mother thinks it’s a terribly tacky modern affectation.”
John nodded to himself, wondering if Sherlock had missed that he'd been crying or if he simply didn't care. It was not something he would normally overlook.
“I didn’t know where you were,” John said, hating the tinge of a whine in his voice. “You’ve been gone for hours and no one knew where you were. I was getting worried.”
“That would be wonderful.” She touched John’s arm as he gathered his coat. “You really are a wonderful mentor.”
Sherlock hummed, taking him deep and swallowing around him. John could not last— with a shudder, he came. He shoved his fist into his mouth to stifle a shout. He looked down, watching as his alpha suckled him clean and pressed his nose into the springy hair at his crotch.
“But we have to focus on Magnussen right now. As long as he’s a threat to her, we’ll never get to the rest. So, yes, I believe Mary has been in contact with him. She needs this to go away so she can continue with her mission.” Sherlock resumed his pacing. “Back to today: I’m sure Magnussen will suspect a set up, but what I’m planning might be enough. Mary’s been negotiating with him on her own, though of course she’s had nothing to bargain with. She’ll be all too happy to let him know that I have in fact betrayed Mycroft as a trade-off for her past.”
John had waited in the wings, fretting as he watched Sherlock conferring with the SAS tactical unit. He hadn’t been sure what would happen next, and he hadn’t wanted to assume…well, anything.
He lifted his head to meet John’s gaze once more. His dark brown eyes were filled with tears. John’s own teetering emotions rose in sympathy and he reached for the box of tissues. He grabbed one for himself and offered the box across the desk to his patient and friend.
Well, obviously he’d thought it would make John happy. They’d be working a case and doing something that John liked at the same time. He liked seeing John happy. He liked making John happy. It felt…nice.
John buried his face in Sherlock’s pale skin with a groan. He returned his hands to Sherlock’s bottom to hold Sherlock in place as he lapped and sucked at the exposed torso. He licked over the ridges of abdominal muscles and traced the bottom edge of one firm pectoral. He kissed around the small mound before finally dragging his tongue over the surface. Sherlock’s head fell back, eyes closed and mouth wide open on a moan.
“My brother is in surgery. He was so focused on preventing you from dying of your gunshot wound that no one noticed his head wound until he blacked out in the helicopter.”
“Exactly,” Greg concurred. “But we’re good now. He’s asked me to bond with him once the baby is born. And he’s had me looking at places—wants us to move in together as soon as possible.”
“This is…nice,” the stranger remarked, turning to lift the counter under the small window. He glanced beneath it at the steel washbasin before setting it back down and placing his package on it.
Finally, when he knew Sherlock was beginning to reach his breaking point, John rubbed gently over his prostate. Sherlock crumpled forward with a helpless groan. He waited for John to pull off his cock before he rearranged his limbs to settle back on the bed.
John was shaking by the time the story was done. His eyes were damp, thinking of Victor going to his death in such a way. But the graphic recollection of their lovemaking had also left him aching, and he could not look Sherlock in the eye.
“Well, then, Sherlock. What are you going to play for us?” Mrs. Hudson prompted from her spot perched on Sherlock’s chair.
“Hello,” he said cheerfully as he approached the point where Officer Fran Williams was about to lose her temper and earn herself a suspension. Her cheeks were flushed with fury and the tiny Welsh woman was in the process of drawing herself up to her full height. She turned as John reached them and he nodded at her in solidarity. “Thanks, Fran. I’ve got this.”
John’s body spasmed as he climaxed and shot ribbons of omega ejaculate over his belly and chest. His hole constricted around Sherlock’s cock.
Sherlock strode to the window and stared out at the snowy landscape. He really had no idea how he was. He was…hollow. And yet there was something scratching at the gates of his subconscious, trying to get out.
Sherlock knew, of course, that the formal dissolution of his marriage was weighing heavily on his mind. John was an honourable man, and he had loved Mary. While the events with “Moriarty” had put the final nails in that coffin, Sherlock knew it hadn’t been easy.
“She’ll be big and strong, just like you two,” John said, his voice a little thick. “My beautiful boys.”
“Not too much so,” Sherlock continued calmly, stroking his fingers through John’s hair. “The baby will be fine and so will you. I will do everything in my power to make it so.”
Ames rolled his eyes. “Lot of fuss and bother about nothing, in the end. Fuck, sometimes I hate this job. Just when you think something is going to happen, nothing does. Know what I mean?”
“That’s it,” John concurred, trying to maintain his equilibrium. He took two steps back to place the syringe in the medical waste receptacle and snapped his gloves off. “As I said, this first one will just help to get you levelled off. But, on the plus side, you won’t have to have another rut for almost twelve months.”
It was not as though he wasn’t elated. Celebrating the Victory in Europe seemed like a miracle. He could scarcely believe it was finally over. And yet, standing amongst his countrymen and comrades, John felt like a fraud.
At length, he slept. Fitfully. When morning arrived, he was still weary and carrying a weight of guilt in his midsection. He went out to the sitting room immediately, to see if Sherlock really had meant what he'd said the night before.
John snickered as he returned his attention to working Sherlock’s trousers and pants off. He trailed kisses over exposed skin as he did: belly, hip, thigh. When he finally tugged them off, he paused to regard Sherlock’s body and gave a low wolf whistle.
John wandered over to the sofa, Kit at his side, and settled himself into the soft cushions. Kit climbed up beside him and turned to try and hand John the nursing pillow. John chuckled as Kit struggled with the heavy cushion. He reached over the boy and helped tug the velveteen-covered nursing aid into place in his lap. He rested Drew down on the surface as he undid the buttons on his nursing shirt, leaning in close to kiss the tip of the tiny nose. Drew gurgled happily and Kit giggled.
He was no saint, and didn’t expect to be married to one, but he knew he would never truly be able to trust her again. He knew, too, that Sherlock (for all his many faults) would die for him. He knew that Sherlock would stand by and watch him marry someone else if he thought it was what John wanted. There was a strange security in that kind of devotion—John shared it wholeheartedly. He wasn’t at all sure Mary understood what love really meant.
The corner of Sherlock’s mouth quirked up, and he bent to press a firm kiss to John’s lips. John sighed his approval and allowed himself to sink back to the bed as Sherlock chased him, kissing him all the while. John settled back into the soft bedding and wrapped both arms around his lover’s body.
He shuddered as John slipped one hand from his bottom, down over his crack to his perineum. Sherlock jerked helplessly—stuttering his thrust against John’s body to a halt—as John palpated over that sensitive spot.
“Hey!” A voice called from the top of the stairs, followed quickly by footsteps. “What are you two doing down there?”
“Mary had an employer she feared far more than she fears Magnussen. The thing is, we suspect that somehow someone from Moriarty’s network is still controlling her.”
Mary did not take her eyes from John, but her demeanour remained calm and non-predatory. He mentally shook himself. Of
John fumed for a moment, utterly conficted. He couldn’t decide if he wanted to punch Sherlock or grab hold of him and never let go. And if he did punch Sherlock, whether it would be for taking advantage or for believing John might not forgive him. Could Sherlock really still think that after everything they’d been through?
“It’s all done now,” John said gently. “All done. I’m right inside you now. Shhhh…we’ll go slow. Easy…”
“No, silly. Although I did help him get the bits for his bomb into the country.” Janine winked at Mary.
“Fortunately, no. Sherlock got it out right away. He just thought we should all leave the house while he aired it out. Mrs. H went to Mrs. Turner’s next door.”
“Thank you,” John said again, watching as the man walked back down the length of the virtually empty lounge car. He leaned in now, fairly itching for answers. “All right, I’ve been patient. How did you know about me?
John’s own body responded to the flooding of his womb; he shot another load into the bedding beneath them. His body milked Sherlock with each contraction, causing the younger man to moan weakly. Sherlock collapsed on top of John, who quickly rolled them to their sides to wait out being joined together. He wrapped Sherlock’s arm about his waist and allowed himself to doze — he could already hear the alpha snoring behind him.
“Love you, love you, love you,” John groaned. “My alpha. Fuck me. Please. Fill me. Knot me. God, I need it. Please, Sherlock. It hurts.”
. While she was asleep, Sherlock busied himself with sorting through the requests in his email inbox.
Sherlock looked around at the remnants of the earlier excitement. The tape and evidence tags were gone, but the furniture was still knocked over and blood stains remained on the floor. At least someone had thought to tape over the bullet hole in the window.
He waited until the door closed behind her before scooting his chair closer to Sherlock’s and covering the twitching violinist’s fingers with his own.
John knew tonight would not be one of those occasions—Sherlock’s main contact with the police, DI Greg Lestrade, was returning to the scene with Anderson in tow.
John shifted onto his back foot, going cold at the casual perusal. He took a breath to speak and…thought he detected a subtle shift in her scent. He watched her carefully for a moment, waiting for any additional overt signs.
“Mmmmm, no,” John mumbled. His hand tightened around Sherlock’s forearm where it rested against his chest. “Feel so good here.”
Sherlock rolled to his side and propped his head on one hand. “Tell me what you think they are,” he prompted.
“Why am I here, Mycroft?” John asked pointedly, ignoring Mycroft’s gesture toward the guest chair in front of the desk. John stood near the door, fists clenched.
“I’ll stay behind. With him,” John continued, picking up speed as the idea took root. “I’ll wait here until he can be moved safely and then I’ll rejoin my old unit.”
He looked ahead of them to where William Holmes was strolling from piece to piece, hands clasped behind his back and a look of absolute rapture on his face. Unbidden, a smiled tugged at Sherlock’s lips. His father was, overall, a gentle soul. It probably couldn’t hurt to allow him one afternoon of artistic…whatnot.
John perched on the edge of the seat of one of the dark leather armchairs. He wouldn’t make himself comfortable; he didn’t intend to be away from Sherlock for long.
“That’s right. They can’t wait and I can’t really blame them. They don’t know who you are or what to do with you. But I don’t want to see you paralyzed permanently if I can prevent it, so it’s down to me.”
“Welcome. And you, my pet,” John cooed at Drew, who was tucked into the high chair next to Sherlock. “Look what Papa has for you!”
"They do, indeed." Sherlock closed the folder and handed it back to their waiter. "The Petrus, please."
The girlfriend’s smile was tight. It faded the moment John could no longer see her. Intrigued, Sherlock watched her return to the kitchen with Mrs. Hudson.
“Maybe,” John sighed. He turned and snuggled down into Sherlock’s side, returning his arm around Sherlock’s shoulders and pressing his cheek into the side of Sherlock’s head. “But I don’t think I can take any more secrets.”
Janine stopped, looking over her shoulder at them. “Yeah, beehives.” She grinned at Sherlock. “I was going to get rid of them, but I never got around to it. A woman from the village has been keeping them for me. You like bees, don’t you boys?”
“Are those tears?” John asked. He reached up to brush at them with the back of his knuckles. “Real tears? From Sherlock Holmes?”
Sherlock shrugged again. He had no idea what protocol dictated, and didn’t really care. Not his area. He had John for that.
"Oh," Sherlock said, grinning to himself as he pressed his face into John's chest. "That's good. So this—"
The boy looked John up and down for a moment, his surprise morphing into an expression of scorn. “You’ve got to be joking,” he sneered. “What, you…mated with him? Give over. You’re forty, at least. What would an alpha like him—” He jerked his thumb in Sherlock’s direction. “—want with you?”
a qualified medical doctor. With “John” taking walk-ins, Angie would have no reason to come into his office, and none of John’s regular patients were likely to be in (Mycroft’s people would run interference). With any luck at all, the real Dr. Watson would be back before end of day (though Mycroft had an extraction plan in case of emergency).
Only at the end, as John roared through the final pushes to bring their second son into the world, had Sherlock begun to break. He said later that he had never been as frightened as he was seeing John in that much pain.
“And you do know that I’m perfectly well aware you’ve had Billy Wiggins bringing you information from your homeless network.”
In fact, John knew Sherlock was holding back. He was more present than he’d been in weeks, but there was still something missing. John wanted to know—of course he did—but he’d promised not to start anything. He wanted this easiness back as much as Sherlock did. Even if he had to pretend.
“That would be…amazing. Honestly, I would do just about anything to make sure Dee-dee has every chance in life.”
He straightened his tie with one hand and took Sherlock’s hand with the other. He squared his shoulders beneath the suit jacket and Sherlock couldn’t help but admire him. He was dressed in a new dark blue suit—one Sherlock hadn’t seen before—and crisp white shirt. His tie was a deep emerald green.
“So the way you taste to me,” Sherlock mused, returning to his earlier enquiry. “And the way you smell. Your scent is much more subtle now, but I
Sherlock’s eyes widened as a thought occurred. He glanced down at Molly for a moment. “You and Lestrade have been dating for…two years now?”
John pumped and pumped, panting and gasping his mate’s name. Sherlock whispered his encouragement, then bent and captured John’s nipple between his lips.
Sherlock was breathing heavily, but he was hesitant. He knew, roughly, what he needed. He probed between John’s arse cheeks with tentative fingers.
Clearly, Sherlock had felt it, too. He’d been as delighted as John when they’d managed to muddle their way into something of an agreement to continue their relationship. John could not believe his luck. He would never, ever take it for granted.
John nodded and smiled. His gaze shifted from Sherlock’s eyes to his mouth. Sherlock’s lips parted unwittingly, tongue peeking out to dampen them.
“Yeah, I know there are still some of the older generation who hold to that. My gran said the same thing to me when I presented as an omega: ‘Just find yourself a good alpha, Johnny. They’ll take care of you and you won’t have to worry about a thing.’”
Above him, John gasped, grabbing at Sherlock’s shoulders to remain upright. “Oh, Sherlock. Your mouth…fuck, fuck, fuck…”
“Yes?” Sherlock placed his other hand on John’s chest, feeling the comforting thumping beneath his fingertips.
John couldn’t help but feel a certain tenderness for Greg Lestrade. He’d kept his distance during Sherlock’s absence (which was good, in the end, as John would have felt terrible lying to him), but he’d checked in occasionally. And John knew the omega copper had continued to act as Mycroft Holmes’ eyes and ears, even though Sherlock was gone.
John’s fingers tightened into fists, filled with handfuls of Sherlock’s heavy coat. “I want you, too.”
At length, though, John pushed his chair away from the table and stood. “I’ll have my shower then. Do you need the loo before…”
“I asked you once what we could deduce about my brother’s heart. What have you learned, Dr. Watson?”
“Two were fine once the alpha parent returned home. The other three were not so fortunate—their alpha parents didn’t come back in time. Two were left with permanent neurological damage. One died.”
John approached his table, where his handsome alpha was waiting…but not alone. He stopped, nearly tripping over his own feet. His stomach gave a sickening lurch as he regarded the man now sitting in his chair.
“Of course. The car is waiting.” Mycroft stood and took two steps to where John was still standing. He extended his hand. John took it warily. Mycroft shook it firmly and nodded. “Thank you.”
John looked mildly irritated for a moment, Sherlock thought, but covered it admirably with a polite smile. “No need. Here we are. Ready to go, Em?”
Greg stepped around and over the toys Emmeline and Drew had been playing with since they woke from their afternoon nap. Kit was happily tucked into the corner at the far end of the sofa, playing with his blocks where the babies couldn’t “wreck” them.
“It doesn’t feel like a pinch. It feels precisely like what it is: a sharp instrument penetrating your flesh.”
John shook his head in wonder at the man’s disbelieving tone, tracing a thumb over one of Sherlock’s cheekbones. “Is
John’s hands were everywhere. Sherlock’s unbuttoned shirt had disappeared, as had John’s. Their shoes were gone, but Sherlock was perfectly fine with not fussing about their socks. Their kisses broke only long enough for John to struggle out his vest and trousers. Sherlock started to unbutton his jeans, but John grasped his hands.
John’s knees nearly buckled mid-thrust, but Sherlock’s strong arm braced him. “Sher—Sher—oh, god. Love you. My alpha. My alpha. So good to me.”
Sherlock shook his head as John parked the lorry on the nearest lane to the small cottage beside which Mary had parked. He jumped out, leaving John to follow him.
Mycroft nodded again as he turned toward the door. “Of course. After all, you’re part of the family now.”
“I know that, but…well, she’s such a tender-hearted creature. She is—thank god—nothing like her mother. I think she’s got the best bits of you and I. But she wants so badly to make us happy that I worry she’ll chose a life she doesn’t really want.”
They wasted no time in getting to the helipad on the roof. There, Mycroft’s last transport was waiting. The orderly loaded Sherlock’s gurney with John’s help and then John jumped aboard. The doors closed and the pilot handed John a headset. He put it on and immediately heard Mycroft’s voice.
Sherlock gasped as he landed on the floor on his bottom, shocked out of his very distracting reverie by the blow to his cheekbone. He stared up in shock — not that John had punched him in the face (John had done it before), but that he’d been caught unawares due to his own inability to ignore his traitorous body’s response to the very charged situation.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered closed and his head dropped back. He dug the fingers of one hand into John's bicep and the other he busied with tweaking at one pebbled nipple. “Ohhhhhh, John.”
John scrabbled at Sherlock’s scarf and dragged it away from the lovely pale skin of Sherlock’s neck. He fastened his mouth over the tender flesh.
An omega in heat needed to be fucked, but a bonded omega’s desire for their alpha during heat was more than just physiological or chemical. It was elemental. Psychological…or perhaps psychic was a better word. John had never believed in the existence of a telepathic bond, but there were times—especially early in his heats—when he would swear he could hear Sherlock thinking. And he wanted it. Oh, god, how we wanted it. Every fibre of his being ached, longed to connect in every way with his mate.
“Yes, I understand,” John continued, his tone even. “But what I need to understand is why. Outside of your rut, do you ever feel sexual desire?”
“You know, it doesn’t have to be this way,” John said, his voice still arousingly gruff. “I told you to get to your rack, but I didn’t say you had to go there alone.”
“Look, it’s none of my business, but are you two…all right?” He looked from Sherlock to John and back again. “It’s just—I know this is a big step and if you’re having any doubts, just remember that you don’t have to make an offer on any of the places.”
John fled the room. He didn’t stop running until he’d reached his quarters, only then remembering that he would have to go back to the ward to send a nurse in for Sherlock’s dressing change. His hands were shaking as he leaned over the basin beside his makeshift bunk and splashed cool water on his face. He stood, face dripping, and regarded himself in the small mirror he’d propped against the wall.
“No. But it is a fact of your past. An admirable fact. Sex surrogacy is an honourable and courageous profession, particularly in the service.”
He rolled his hips around the lovely fullness inside him. Sherlock gave his nipple one last lick, causing John to squeak with the over-stimulation. He was suddenly irrationally grateful for Sherlock’s presence—he hadn’t considered how weak he would be after he’d come. Were it not for his alpha’s strong embrace, he’d have collapsed onto the floor of the tub.
one, Sherlock quickly moved to pour John a small brandy. He poured himself a whisky, for good measure, and downed it in one mouthful. When they were both comfortably seated once more—each in his own chair, fortified by liquid courage—they continued.
John mouthed over Sherlock’s shoulder blade, grinding into the side of Sherlock’s upper thigh as he continued fondling Sherlock’s bum. “Don’t think for one minute that this lets you off the hook,” he rasped.
“I work for Mr. Mycroft Holmes. The older brother of your patient, Sherlock Holmes. You met several days ago.”
John smiled indulgently. “No reason at all we can’t go together.” There were still so many things they hadn’t done, even after five solid days of uninterrupted copulation.
John closed the bedroom door tight behind him. He changed slowly and crawled into the cold bed with reluctance. He lay awake in the dark staring at the ceiling.
that. I know it was stupid to pursue the connection to Mary’s past the way I did. I know that I opened the door—”
His hand had found its way to Sherlock’s nape. He dug his fingers into the soft curls and, with a subtle nod, closed his eyes.
He let himself relax against his pillows, Sherlock’s fingers twined with his own. He watched his love until he finally fell back into fretful slumber.
“That is the glory of my youngest son,” John said. “He can sleep through just about anything. No, he’s down for his nap and he’ll wake up only for his brother’s birthday cake.”
“And I need you,” John confirmed. He leaned in and kissed Sherlock. It was gentle and soft. Just a sweet brushing of lips to seal their pact.
John sighed, straightening and rubbing at the small of his back. “I don’t know—can you transform a six-foot wanker of a detective into a responsible grown up?”
With that, Janine darted from the room. Mary moved to follow, but cried out when a bullet struck her in the shoulder. She fell forward on to her hands and knees and looked back over her shoulder in shock.
The lovely high cheekbones became stained with pink. Sherlock directed his gaze to the ceiling tiles.
John wiped himself quickly and dropped the flannel over the edge of the bed. He sat up on his knees and nudged Sherlock’s thigh until Sherlock pulled it up. Sherlock flinched a little as John checked him over.
John tamped down on the instinctive flare of anger that his sister inevitably aroused. He wouldn’t take the bait—if he tried to defend Sherlock’s reputation, Harry would simply use it to springboard into a conversation about John’s usefulness to his genius husband:
“Yes. Yes, there it is. I think I can feel your hand. Somewhat,” Sherlock sounded relieved. “It’s a good sign, yes?’
“Not really my business to approve or disapprove,” John assured him. “Only to help you come to terms with what we can’t change.”
“Sir…” Sherlock was shaking and buried his face in the bed. The depth of his desire — his body’s wanton weakness — was humiliating, but it was his John. Too much would never be enough.
In truth, it was the only reason Drew really cried. He was remarkably placid, and had even started to sleep through the night. John knew he shouldn’t compare his two boys, given the circumstances of Kit’s first months, but he was still grateful for Drew’s mellow personality.
“Why don’t you come with me?” the attendant said kindly. “We’ve got a bus here where you can wait until we know more.”
And now his watch informed him that he’d been standing outside the flat for nearly ten minutes and he hadn’t heard a thing from either one of them.
“I’m not asking you to say yes now.” Sherlock got up on his knees and scooted close to John’s back, wrapping an arm around his omega’s shoulders. “Don’t say anything. But will you…will you think about it?”
“My goodness,” John remarked, emerging from the car and retrieving the car seat from Sherlock. “I thought they’d moved in months ago.”
Sherlock frowned. He was, wasn’t he? But what–oh, yes. “Right. I just thought I should ask, given everything that’s happened, if you are still planning to stay.”
“Good lord, is that the time?” Jeanette glanced at her watch and started to gather her things. “My cab is going to be here any minute. If I don’t get home, my kids will think something terrible has happened to me.”
Sherlock’s eyes widened. He’d expected diminished lucidity along with suggestibility and disorientation, but he hadn’t expected fully formed delusions.
John sat heavily on the bed, trying to gather enough mental energy to decide what to do with himself all night. Stamford was teaching in Scotland these days. He'd long since lost contact with Bill and most of his other army mates. And, of course, they'd lost Greg in the line of duty in 2024.
Sherlock shouted as his knot inflated and John sank down, hard, one last time. Sherlock pushed up; a satisfying pop sealed the knot inside John’s body.
John didn’t bother with the bedroom door. He stopped beside the bed and let Sherlock slide to his feet. Sherlock landed awkwardly and shifted to right himself.
He hadn't seen Ella in some time (not since Rosie had started asking some difficult questions about her mother when she was 13, and he and Sherlock had rowed over what to tell her). Still, he did retain some of the skills his therapist had taught him for communicating. It had never, ever been his strong suit, but he knew that if his marriage with Sherlock was going to succeed where every one of his other relationships had failed, he was going to have to get better.
“Yes. Normally that would fade after a rut or heat, without a bond. But so long as we continue, we’ll renew that tie.”
John smiled. “Very well. Feeling good.” It was only a little bit of a lie—his blood pressure was still a bit elevated, but stable.
Sherlock settled between John’s thighs, hiking the omega’s thighs up and guiding John’s legs around his ribs. He slipped inside his mate’s body—still open and a little wet from their feverish coupling the night before…right after Kit had gone to bed.
It had left John a little horny, as well—and there was nothing like an early morning wank to set things to right.
John eased forward as gently as he could, struggling against the rocking of the train. Sherlock tried to press back into him, but John grasped the narrow hips firmly and held him in place.
John shook his head, keeping his attention on the injection and trying not to look as Sherlock bared his upper body.
They kissed and cried, almost missing the sounds when Kit made known his displeasure at being sandwiched between them. Sherlock gasped as he looked down between them and into the small face of his baby boy. Kit was staring at him with utter fascination.
For as much as Sherlock sometimes drove him around the twist, that had never changed. Until tonight.
“Oh, don’t you worry your pretty little head about that,” Mary said, patting John’s cheek. “I’ll protect you. I have ways.”
“It’s fine,” Greg chuckled. “It is romantic. And pretty hot. Especially the last few weeks. God, sometimes I wonder if the man ever had sex before me. It’s like he’s been saving it all up.”
“N-not—don't...” Sherlock moaned again as John rubbed over his fraenulum. “D-don't say that. It's just...”
For five long minutes, John packed while Sherlock stood and watched in stony silence. Which hurt almost more than all of the horrible things they’d said and the ugly, unspoken truths that had finally been aired. John collected the bag and took one last look at his husband.
“W-well, what about doing something else with all that, uhm, stuff in your mind. You know, like I suggested; something that would h-help people.” John smoothed his hands over the shape of well-muscled shoulders and then down over a toned, straight back. It wasn’t until his hands reached the dip just above Holmes’ buttocks that he noticed the change in his passenger’s breathing.
At the mention of his ex-wife’s name (was it possible to be an ex-wife if you’d never legally been married?), John’s expression darkened.
“Oh, god,” Sherlock groaned as his older brother blushed. He stood abruptly. “I’ll fetch the beverages, then, shall I?”
Sherlock cried out as he came, eyes rolling back in his head with the power of it. He clung to John, wordlessly begging for tenderness, indulgence.
The trousers were snug on John’s hips and Sherlock could not help but wonder how well they conformed to the curve of his firm buttocks. Sherlock allowed his gaze to drift down to the heavy boots he had fantasized about when…well,
He arrived down at the entryway to 221B to find his other two boys ready and waiting. Within minutes, they were safely tucked into one of Mycroft’s private saloons and on their way for the short drive to the new house in Chelsea.
“I’m worried sick about her, though,” Jeanette admitted, finishing off the last sip of a second latte. “She’s struggled with asthma since she was little, and its only getting worse at the moment.”
“Huh.” Greg took another sip of tea. “Never occurred to me to have Mycroft take the lead on that one.”
“Shhhh,” John soothed. He stroked over Sherlock’s back. “I know. Me, too. Feels like we’ve waited for this forever.”
“You may be right,” he said to Kit, looking perhaps more pleased at the idea than he would ever admit to John.
“Yes, well, apparently I have an unnatural attraction to dangerous situations.” John smirked. “And people.”
“Dr. Wat — John,” Sherlock started patiently. “I am an alpha. I have been struggling to ignore my biology and the distraction of my body’s urges for three years. If there is anything you can do to help minimize this, well, I suppose I would be…grateful.”
His child needed the presence of a family alpha. He knew that. He’d tried using items of Sherlock’s to provide the scenting their baby needed, but that was all fading now. It wasn’t enough anymore. Kit’s distress was becoming acute.
John was stinging from the slight, but squared his shoulders. He pressed a hand to his belly as it clenched painfully. “I said, get up and go. You won’t win this fight. He’s mine. My bondmate and the father of our
“That’s a big name,” Kit said wonderingly. He was still in his pyjamas, having abandoned Mrs. Hudson’s flat the minute Sherlock called down to say the baby had been born.
“And,” Sherlock continued, clearing his throat. His blush deepened. “That is, I…I found you…I thought you were very…”
