"Gee, thanks, your Highness."
Cas whines lightly as Dean lays kisses down his neck, pulling him back to crash their mouths together once again. There's no pretense of chastity in this kiss; Castiel kisses him hungrily, as though Dean is water, and he has been wandering the desert. They almost fall when the door swings open, but Dean's hands around his waist keep them upright as they break apart from each other, Dean glaring over Cas's shoulder at what can only be Gabriel's smug face.
"Wha - I - we don - he doe - it's not —" Sam stammers.
"You were out of, well, everything," Cas continues, stepping forward cautiously, "I was hoping to be back before you woke up."
The look on Cas's face as he finishes has Dean all but collapsing with laughter in the check out line, wiping his eyes as he swipes his card and selects yes, twenty-three dollars and sixteen cents is the amount he's agreed to pay for this transaction.
Dean lets out a groan, tightening his grip, adding the little twist at the head that he knows will rush him towards that edge, "Fuck, Cas, you felt so good around my cock, gonna make you scream my name, gonna —" he's cut off by a beautiful moan from the other end, and he gasps in response, balancing the phone on his shoulder to reach down and fondle his balls.
wanted
"You are literally no fun. That was my line."
"Look, man, I don't have time for this. Just, don't mess with my brother. He's a good kid."
Dean groans, because that's just his luck, isn't it? "C'mon, Sammy, let's go home."
Once they're clear of the city, Dean leaves the interstate behind; rolling down two lane highways in his baby, Cas by his side, he's not sure his life can get any better than this. That is, until the hand on his knee slides up his thigh. Castiel is mid-sentence as his thumb rubs slow circles against Dean's leg, fingers dancing along his inseam. He tries to listen as Cas describes some meeting he was in, distracted by that hand sliding further up. Dean's focus is divided between the road and the warmth pooling in his groin, and Cas could be expoundung the merits of cat ownership, for all that he knows.
is what he was going to say, but it's at that moment Castiel leans forward, flattening his tongue against the slit, and Dean's brain can't formulate words anymore.
Castiel tells him about this new Mexican place his friends have been raving over, and Dean agrees to pick him up in forty minutes. They hang up and Dean stares dumbly at his phone, almost disbelieving his luck. The moment is broken by Sam pounding on the door, yelling about consideration when sharing a bathroom. But even the bitchface Sammy throws at him as he leaves the bathroom can't dampen his mood.
As soon as he closes the drawer, Cas is manhandling him up the bed, taking the bottle from his hands, snapping it open. He squeezes a generous amount into his hand and wastes no time in prepping Dean. He has one leg thrown over his shoulder as he works the second finger in, moving to a third when Dean begins to squirm, panting out praise and profanity. Cas is stretching him open and it's almost too much, he can feel the precome running down the side of his cock, and it takes everything in him not to be patient.
Flight 627 out of Houston lands, as scheduled, at nine forty-five. He catches his first glimpse of Cas at nine fifty; tie askew, hair standing on end as though he'd run his hands through it twenty or thirty times, and he's the most beautiful thing Dean's ever seen. The time it takes Cas to walk to the car feel like the longest fifteen minutes of the last three weeks, but he fights the urge to meet him halfway, to sweep Cas up in his arms, kiss him passionately in the middle of the concourse, like they're in a goddamn chick flick. Instead; he pops the trunk, stows Castiel's bag, kisses him chastely; before wrapping his arms around him, reveling in the realness of it, the solid feeling that can't be replaced by any number of hours spent Skype calling.
Dean's heart swells as Cas nods appreciatively, any person who can respect his baby is a person worth knowing. Cas seems to fit perfectly into the passenger seat, directing Dean towards Pablo's with ease. They manage to find semi-decent parking after Dean adamantly refuses to let "Some punk ass valet take my girl for a cruise." Cas just smiles indulgently and points out a parallel spot on the end of the next block.
Dean moves to pass Cas, to lead him out of the shower and into his bed, when he's pulled into an inexplicably chaste kiss, completely at odds with the insistent feeling of an erection against his side, the twitch of hips as Dean draws closer. Cas moves then, extricating himself, running soap slick hands down the planes of Dean's shoulder blades, the backs of his thighs and up to press in where Dean wants them the most. Cas teases at his hole, reaching forward to run a hand across his balls, and back, catching a fingertip on the rim, applying pressure, but not
?) when Charlie clears her throat. "So that's who you've been texting all night, then? Mr. Tall, Dark, and Dreamy?"
Dean can see the tense line of his shoulders, the way he rushed through the past tense when talking about his mother. "My mom — she used to tell me that angels were watching over me." He can feel Cas swing his focus back to Dean as he continues, "She wasn't really religious or anything, but I remember her saying that to me as she tucked me in at night."
," and pulls Cas toward himself, rinsing them both in the lukewarm water.
God, it's been so long since he was filled up like this. Years. He'd forgotten just how much he enjoyed it. And then Cas starts moving, and everything goes white around the edges — he's aware of the slow drag of the cock filling him up, of the way Castiel chants his name in rasping whispers and hoarse moans, of the heat building in his groin. He shudders as Cas shifts him again, nudging against his prostate, thrusts coming quicker, more erratic, and Dean lets go, coming with Cas's name on his lips, clenching around his cock. He feels Cas's hips stutter against him as he does, feels fingertips bruising his hips, holding him in place as he driven into once, twice more before Cas stills.
His stomach flips, winding up somewhere in his throat at the sound of that voice coming through his phone "He-hey, Cas." He can feel his face heating up, only minutes ago he'd been imagining Cas saying some much less innocuous things.
Dean spreads his fingers, palm still pressed to the steering wheel as the car inches forward. "Fine, go ahead Sammy. Finish your story."
"You wanna take this somewhere more private, Cas?" Dean runs a hand under the back of his shirt, slipping his fingers along Cas's spine, tracing over to splay them wide against his ribs. Cas nods eagerly and pulls away, leading Dean upstairs to a sparsely furnished bedroom. The door is barely closed before he's kissing Cas again, backing him toward the bed, sighing in relief as Cas undoes his fly and palms his cock through his boxers. Dean slides his hands under the waist of Castiel's pajamas, pleasantly surprised when all he finds is smooth skin. As Cas hits the bed, Dean pulls his pants fully off, exposing muscular thighs and the cock he's been curious about since the door opened.
With Dean being Dean he woke up a little bit later. When the hunter came to the kitchen to get his own things such as probably some bacon then head back to work, however, when he entered the kitchen the scent of breakfast hit his nose, actually it smelled good. He walked down the steps and found the angel was sitting at the table. He didn't question the reasoning Cas was there. “You made breakfast?” Dean questioned the angel simply, the hunter this morning wore his robe and hot dog PJs because that was his main attire when he heads to sleep. Dean aimlessly looked around before he walked over to the sink, He's making himself coffee right now “Did your headache clear up?” Dean simply asked since Cas was pretty drunk the other night, he isn't that used to the angel going on his own personal benders but it would make sense to ask
They managed to kill god, or more so lock him up they are truly happy or should be. Sam might be struggling, Jack too, a little bit too. “Just because it’s something you both regret doesn't mean it's true…” Jack turned his chair and stopped leaning on the table to focus on his dad instead. “You and Cas are hurting so much even without freedom, you both are hurting and I can feel it Dad '' Jack confessed, it's the reason why he so desperately is trying to help them out both, and then there was the question. Jack exhaled gently looking Dean right at his eyes “do you love Cas?” he is certain there won't be an answer, the Nephilim’s intention was to not invade Dean's privacy, but knowing would solve the last few dots he has to connect
It didn't take long for them to drive to the cinema. The last time Dean’s been to one was a couple of days ago. He's been able to catch up on a lot of old films he used to look at when he was a kid. Dean was lucky enough they were playing at the time. When they arrived Dean parked Baby and got out, of course, he waited for the angel to leave the car. He didn't question Cas literally wearing some of his clothes, he didn't think that the angel would dig into his wardrobe, not that Dean ever cared that Cas would. It’s still a surprise Dean washed away whatever thoughts he had at the moment, he locked the impala before he headed in. Dean took the time to stay in line to get something to eat, he stuck to the whole popcorn thing but actually he was quiet while he got his things and acquired tickets for the both of them.
Dean looked up at the kid when Jack placed his hand onto his shoulder, he finished with whatever was left in the glass. The hunter placed it gently back onto the table before he sighed a little “Hey” Dean regained his composure he didn't think the Nephilim would be up at this hour. Both Dean and Cas were out for a while and it would be very late. “What are you doing up?” Dean inquires simply, he needed to cut down on drinking but whenever something goes wrong with him and Cas it just doesn't help him. other than that he tried to change the subject if he were to guess what happened at the cinema. “Did you get enough studying in?”
The alternate version of Dean walked a little closer to the angel, he looked at him up and down he tried to get a good look at him. This Dean smiled sadly, he seems to be visioning seeing this Cas with nerdier clothes on. “You look just as fancy as you ever did, though my angel didn't wear trench coats. He was more of a nerdy guy, wore anything but formal stuff. He hated suits.”  Dean paused while looking down at the floor for a minute before stared back into Cas's blue eyes. “He would look very handsome in one though” this Dean smiled fondly to himself and to the angel before he moved both hands to his pockets. There was something he was trying to dig out, something he was meaning to give to his boyfriend but he never got the chance to.
Jack wasn't wrong about the world now feeling more empty than it used to. It's so weird that everything is so quiet now. Not necessarily quiet but more- less chaotic it's nice for the most part but sometimes Dean misses the thrill he missed them all working together “Oh, I would already know. Fate isn't on our side anymore and god doesn't have any control of us anymore. It's nice though” Dean paused, he got himself another drink before chugging down the small amount of whiskey he had beside him, the hunter really has a hard time trying to let go of this whole crush" thing. He feels like he's being tossed right back into grade school about that crap, he finds it stupid to take the time to do this at this point “I- look, Jack, I've tried... a couple of times but I never get the chance too.”
Curse everything and everyone, their purpose, their stupid narcissistic ways to manipulate others, all his life, Castiel has been mentally manhandled into a soldier, did whatever they wanted him to do, not anymore, he can't allow to let this unfold the way it's unfolding, His head is hazy and now it all feels like time is moving slower than ever, Dean's side profile looked angry, furious but filled with sorrow and despair, Castiel felt useless, he felt broken, he needed to be something for Dean; To finish what he started so the empty could come and take him and Billie. Save Dean Winchester “Dean-” Cas reached towards Dean and gripped the man's arm, with a look of plead and desperation he looked up at the taller hunter “Dean, I am not going to let you die!” screamed with fury, his breathing is fast, the roller-coaster of emotions is not helping, Cas was so happy...he is so happy, but now everything is ruined...The angel was committed to his death. now it's gone, all of it, both of them are going to die “Please, look at me!” he begged, he saw Billie in his peripheral vision, his eyes locked to Dean's; The angel didn't stop smiling. “I need you to know, I need you to know this Dean..” He started off once more, his hands were shaky  he raised his bloody one to caress the man's cheek, cradle it, choppily from how afraid he was, afraid that he is going to come in terms that Dean is going to die
The current Dean looked over at both Cas and the other version of himself. Dean didn't have much of an opinion on all of this quite yet but, Dean stood there quietly crossing his arms, not to interfere of course. There's something in his stomach, It isn't a nice feeling but it's not something he should pay attention to. This will be over soon, there isn't anything to get upset about. Dean is more focused on the forgiving side than being the sad type at the moment. It seemed something about this interaction didn't feel right to him, but then again he's a man who represses his emotions all the time, so he isn't going to say anything. The only thing he could do is watch
Jack’s face lightened up once he saw his angel father Castiel, He looked at Cas with pure and gentle eyes, excited much cause he was going out with Dean tonight to watch the movie with one large lizard “Cas!” he almost screamed but did say his name loudly, his eyes fell right on the box placed over on the table. Jack knew right away that this must be one of the baked goods that Cas made at the classes he goes to, without any hesitation Jack reached out to grab the box and open it. The pie was still heating up slightly and the smells of sweet apples and cinnamon got even stronger. Everything about the pie was amazing.
Throughout the rest of the night, Dean decided to stay in his room and pondered about a couple of things. Dean sighed to himself checking his laptop throughout the night checking if there's any important information about the world going to shit as it is, Chuck already destroyed a couple of planets, and it's going to probably get worse later on. Dean wondered why things never go as planned- other than his constant anger issues and all Dean genuinely doesn't know what to feel at this point. Yes, he was planned on getting drunk that night but he decided not to. Dean didn't sleep at least until four in the morning, and if Sam went on that case Cas referred to earlier. He didn’t go, Dean assumed Cas went with Jack and Sam
Jack watched Sam walk away, and allowed the tall hunter the space he wanted, he carried such a burden it can be frustrating. He turned to look at Dean in an instance he noticed the bloody print on his shoulder and one that was faded on Dean's cheek. Jack jumped from his seat, He lost his balance for a moment before he ran towards his dad “Dean- are you hurt?” he raised a hand with two fingers ready to tap Dean's forehead until he noticed something, the blood smeared on him wasn't his “Wait…” he frowned and as he figured it out. Jack looked up at Dean with worry “Cas, where is Cas!?” Jack knew about Cas’s deal with the Empty and the only reason he wouldn’t be there if he was taken by it.
Cas’s eyes felt blurry and everything sounded like white noise, it was such an awful and terrible sound. it made his head pulsate with the beat of his heart, as if someone had his mind opened up and filled it with rocks, it would umtimately explode, and the ripe melon on the sun was now no longer funny. it was even a miracle he could think a little bit with how much alcohol he had in his system, probably gallons. The Angel groaned as he pinched the bridge of his nose in the desperation of relief, he was deprived of something he can't even understand, something he could remember from his human days. It scared the living shit out of him. Castiel raised his eyes and tried to face the bumbling voice of someone speaking.
Amara’s powers were never so low, and but the looks of it, Jack wasn't in a great condition himself either. she couldn’t lie, she’s  proud of the kid being able to maintain his calmness, and with the power, he wielded so perfectly “you're one hell of a kid young man” She said and smiled, tired, and she huffed deeply, Darkness looked over to Jack
Dean had finished his second round of whiskey, he was going to try to sleep then, even then he saw Cas. The hunter's attention aimed toward the angel then. The thoughts of his complicated emotions ran wild. “Couldn't sleep” Dean kept it vague, at most he gave an answer because he’s still having problems with that. His voice was deep, gravelly, more scruffy and tired sounding but even so he still couldn't return to rest so instead, he asked Cas the same question “I guess I should be asking you the same thing, I know you don't sleep and all but why are you here?” Dean inquired
“Oh, the movie we're going to watch is Godzilla.  I think he's about the size of an angel and probably smaller” Dean slipped in that comparison, it seemed even with that he couldn't get Cas out of his head “I guess, just, let me know when you're ready then we'll get going. I'm going to drown myself in buttered popcorn” Dean smiled at Jack, he did enjoy the full few weeks of activities with Jack, therapeutic to say the very least aside from hunting all the damn time
He's not sure how he manages to keep the car straight as Cas strokes him to a full erection, white knuckling the steering wheel when he feels a palm swipe over his head, spreading pre-come back down his length. "Cas," he chokes out, "Cas, you gotta —"
"C'mon, guys, you don't have to talk about me like I'm not here." Gabriel whines, "I can't believe you're trashing me to your booty calls, Cas."
"I'll just wait right here, then."
As they stumble out after midnight Cas gently pulls the keys from his hand, sliding comfortably behind the wheel to drive them home. Dean just rests his head against the cool window and watches the lights pass, drifting in and out of sleep. When they arrive back at his apartment Cas follows him inside where they collapse, still dressed, into bed.
fucking August when you kept me awake for three hours by blowing an air horn in my ear when I started snoring! How 'bout last goddamn week, when my phone rang for six hours straight? Or an hour ago, when you called to tell me about gynecologists and pizza men?" He's breathing heavy when he finishes, very aware of how close they're still standing and doubting himself because he'd remember that voice (and he certainly wouldn't mind waking up to it.) To his relief, a look of annoyed comprehension comes over the face of the dark haired man in the doorway. Dean further doubts that this man is his phantom caller when he notices the faint pink pillow lines tracing down his cheeks. The man sighs, pulling Dean's attention to his lips. And what lips they were. Dean can imagine all the beautiful and obscene things he'd like to watch them do. He licks his own bottom lip unconsciously.
Cas's breathing speeds up and he lets out a low whine. "Yes,
Dean clears his throat, "It's no problem." He sets the pants on the sink, "Just, you know, take your time, and I'll change the sheets on my bed." And, shit, now Castiel has turned to face him, and he thinks he could maybe lose himself in those eyes forever, "Not that we — you don't have to — I can sleep in Sam's room, if you —"
"Well, it looks like he's not only in town, but less than five miles away."
She sighs, "So what's behind date number two?" She stands, heading toward the kitchen, "I mean, you
An hour later, Dean's stomach voices its protests at being neglected. The place he stops probably shares square footage with his apartment, and looks kitschy as all hell, but claims to have the best burgers in the state. Cas grumbles about Dean's bottomless pit of a stomach and pops the trunk to fish a shirt out of his bag. Dean waits at the front of the car, flipping his keys around his fingers, humming lightly. When the trunk slams shut, he looks over, Cas is wearing Dean's ancient Metallica tee, and the warm rush that floods through him when he realizes that Cas had to have consciously packed it is overwhelming. It's an epiphany, the swiftness of it like a punch to the gut;
." that escapes him is any indication.
"Fine, fine, I'll let you get your beauty rest." Dean hangs up before he finishes his sentence. He doesn't go back to sleep, instead he rolls out of bed and walks into his living room. Skyrim is paused on the TV, and the redhead on his couch is typing furiously.
"Is he always such a dick?" Dean says around the lip of his bottle, eyebrows quirking up as he takes a drink.
Dean groans, "You're never going to let me live that down, are you?"
"Has a hot brother—"
, he means to say, or maybe
tight and make his ass a work of art. The green Henley he chooses stretches across his chest almost as snugly as the shirt he'd borrowed from Cas this morning. He throws his favorite leather jacket on over top and coaxes his hair into place before pulling his boot on.
He smacks a hand against the bathroom door as he passes, "Better hurry up with that shower, Samantha!" At six fifty he's mostly dressed; jeans and a t-shirt, sweater draped on a kitchen chair, coffee in hand. His phone chimes with a message from Cas. (
"You— What?" Dean's eyes move on their own accord, catching Castiel's.
Even with a quick stop for a change of clothes, Dean rolls into the shop five minutes before they open. A little later than he likes, but if that's the price he has to pay, so be it. From the moment he pulls the first car in, he knows it's going to be a rough day. Girl had apparently run over a nail before vacation; leaving her car to leak all the air from her tire and gravity to slowly destroy the rim. So he has to explain to an upset nineteen year old that, no, it won't be a twenty dollar patch job, and that it would probably be cheaper to replace than repair. After a few hopeless tears and a call to her mom, he places the order for her wheel and tells her her car will be ready in a few days. The next eight hours are a series of estimates; pulling cars in to diagnose problems, only to have the owners decide that it can wait, or that the price Dean quotes them is too high. It's an incredibly frustrating day, capped with the fact that Cas hasn't even texted him. He knows it's ridiculous, but it had felt like, maybe, they had had something, however brief their meeting was. And, damn, if Dean doesn't want to see him again. When he heads across the street to collect his brother he's almost forgotten the five feet of reasons he has to avoid the place like the plague.
. I've been thinking about you all day, about having you again, about feeling you inside me, filling me up."
he's following her." He throws his hands up, "I didn't even know he
And, Jesus, it's been a while — the sight of Cas's cock has him salivating. He hurriedly kicks his way out of his jeans, pulling his shirt over his head, and he can feel Cas's eyes on him the whole time. He catches sight of Cas on the bed ― eyes dark and raking over Dean's body, shirt rucked up around his chest, one hand lazily stroking himself ― Dean can't help but enjoy the view. He watches as Cas runs his thumb over the head catching precome that's just started to bead, and brings it to his mouth, swirling his tongue over the pad of his thumb. Dean closes the foot of distance and fits his hands under Cas's knees, sliding his fingers up the outside of Cas's thighs to hold his hips steady. Dean leans forward and runs his tongue up from the base of Castiel's cock to close his lips around the head, sucking gently. He flattens  his tongue against the underside, applying pressure with the tip as he starts to bob his head. He can feel Cas fighting to buck his hips up, urging him along, but he tightens his grip and continues at the torturously slow pace. Cas groans as he applies extra suction on the way back up, his lips tight around the shaft. He pulls all the way off and releases Cas's hip with one hand, wrapping it around the base of his cock and jerking lightly as he looks up to meet blue eyes. It's every bit as hot as he thought it would be, and so much better.
Sam's still snickering as he packs up and follows Dean out to the Impala. He manages to get himself under control after Dean threatens to leave him on the side of the road, but there's a smirk that lingers on his lips as they pull up in front of their building. Dean climbs out before Sam even has his door open. He takes the stairs two at a time up to the apartment, leaving the door open behind him, because their neighborhood isn't
"Big surprise there. Linda Tran wouldn't know a good time if it bit her on the ass."
This time, it's Cas pulling Dean in; molding their lips together, fingers carding through short hair. "I love you, too," Cas exhales against his lips before Dean's pressed against the warm metal of his car. It's a blissful fifteen minutes before Cas huffs a laugh against his cheek, "I can
"I think you have your answer, Sammy." Dean (finally) gets to the drop off, "I know you'll do the right thing."
Making his way back home, Dean can't wipe the grin from his face. He's pretty sure he falls asleep smiling.
Cas. Just you."
Dean glances up from his phone sheepishly, "I, uh, he kind of already did. We went to dinner last night."
"How do you know it isn't Sam?" Dean's not sure how he manages to keep his face straight as he meets her eyes.
Dean blushes, but hurries Cas inside anyway. The place is mostly deserted, but he can tell they'd just missed a rather large lunch rush. It's just as kitschy as the exterior promised it would be; there doesn't seem to be a single matching chair, the tables themselves are disparate heights, different styles — it's as if the owner had bought out six or seven garage sales worth of furniture and tchotchkes and decided to justify her decision by designing a restaurant around it. The walls are adorned with old movie posters, bronzed baby shoes, there's a nonsensically-placed, full-sized carousel horse in the center of the floor.
Dean drops onto the couch, twisting the top off a beer when his phone chimes in his pocket, (
or any number of other things he loves about this moment, but what it all boils down to is, "— you." The last word is barely a whisper, like it's a great secret between them. In the silence that follows his admission, Dean begins to panic. What if he's wrong? What if it's too soon? He doesn't move, but he doesn't open his eyes either. Maybe Cas didn't hear him, maybe —
Castiel pulls back, and Dean watches as he runs a lubricated hand along his shaft, head falling back as he presses in. In one slow, smooth motion they are as close as two people can become. Cas sets a rhythm with his hips, a slow roll that's surely agonizing for both of them. Dean's dancing on the edge, the feeling of Cas moving bare inside of him almost enough to send him over. Curses fall from his lover's lips as he works his own hips, thrusting up every time Castiel sinks into him, urging him to go deeper, faster, harder. His unspoken request is soon fulfilled, the roll no longer smooth or steady, picking up pace toward unrelenting, catching Dean up in a crescendo of stimulation. Cas shifts them slightly, hitting the spot deep inside Dean that causes sparks to go off behind his eyes, electricity chasing through his veins as he comes violently, clenching around Castiel.
"Dean, will you just — it's your fault I have to say all this again, can you let me finish?"
"No, said he wouldn't be able to 'resist the temptation,' whatever that means."
He spits and gargles, rinsing his brush and replacing it next to Sam's orange one. He runs a hand across his jaw, figures he doesn't need to shave today, because who's here to care? He twists the blinds in his room open, finding sweat pants in the low light that filters through. He hears someone rattling around in the kitchen, smells coffee on the air, and steels himself, grabbing a shirt, and putting on a jovial face (there's
) He's in the middle of his response (
"C'mon, Charlie, it's not that bad."
"It was so weird, Charlie. I mean, it was weird 'cause it wasn't weird, you know?" Dean sighs, "The morning after, I wake up, and he's already working, giving fucking wifi advice in that sex voice he has. There was no real awkward 'I just met you four hours ago and we've already fucked' tension. It just felt... normal? I guess? Like I'd done it a thousand times before. I dunno, it's never been so...
The scowl on Cas's face when he turns around is fearsome, but it quickly falls from his face as he meets Dean's eyes. "He started that conversation with a bagel and a banana. It was rather graphic."
"I think I've got it just right," Castiel worms the fingers of one hand under the hem of Dean's shirt, pulling him impossibly closer,  "Want to check it for yourself? You could join me." His bottom lip grazes Dean's earlobe, sending shivers coursing through him. And maybe Charlie was on to something, maybe karma does owe him one, because he never could have dreamed up Cas. Dean grins and crashes their lips together, pausing only to pull his shirt over his head.
Still on his knees, Castiel meets Dean's eye, "What do you want, Dean?"
"Dean. You've set yourself on fire six times this month."
Okay, so it's not the most elegant message — the kind of lazy sext he hates to receive, but he's had no build up. Sam was still in the room, for Christ's sake. He went from friendly conversation to half hard in one message.
"Whatever, man, just, don't." Dean sighs. He shoots Cas a look that hopefully says both, 'I'm sorry for arguing with your brother in you kitchen after the best sex I've had in a year,' and 'Please save me.'
"What?"
He's barely sent the message before the next one comes in
Three forty-five finds him on the doorstep of 365b N Claymont street, knocking at the door with his whole forearm. "C'mon motherfucker, I know you're in there!" When the door swings inward, Dean stumbles. He catches himself awkwardly against the frame, and looks up into the thoroughly enraged face of the hottest man he's ever seen.
Jesus Christ, that's hot. Dean remembers just how sinfully Cas had worked his tongue on other parts of him — the idea of being fucked open with the wet slide of it inside of him has his cock standing at full attention.
"If you texted your brother with that love struck puppy grin on your face, I'd be genuinely worried about you." She gives him a pointed look over the (frankly ridiculous) whipped cream on her ice cream. "Plus, Sam has been a senior for, what, four days? Pretty sure he's at a kegger right now, not texting big bro."
Again, a million thanks to chakaswan, without whom I would be lost.
," He breathes, "I gotta get into my nightstand." It takes Castiel a minute to get with the program, but he's soon pulling away so Dean can sit up and rifle through the drawer, easily finding the smooth plastic bottle and relieved to feel the sharp edge inside of what could have been a disappointingly empty box.
"He's here for you, Gabriel. Apparently you've been harassing —" His eyes shift back to Dean, "Sorry, with all the yelling, I never got your name."
The bathroom is steamy and warm when he steps back in, shucking his greasy clothes and the snug tee shirt he'd never taken off. Stepping under the scorching spray, he takes his time shampooing his hair, scratching at his scalp. He scrubs the motor oil from the skin of his hands and arms; washes his face with the scrub Sam buys (and Dean makes fun of, but damn does his face feel clean when he uses it). He lathers up his chest, trying (and failing) not to think of other hands that had run over it this morning. He shakes his head in the hope that will clear it, as though Cas was just written into the etch-a-sketch of his mind, not seared into his memory. All he's rewarded with is the image he'd conjured up in that kitchen — Cas on his knees, jaw loose, lips stretched obscenely around Dean's cock.
"That'll be everything, darlin', thanks."
"Generally." 'Cassie's' lips quirk up into a smile, "But you already know all about that, don't you?"
With Cas pressed against him like this, Dean can feel just how hard he is, can feel the slick head of his cock leaving trails of precome against quivering thighs. He nods weakly, "Yeah, babe, 'm sure."
"Cas, stop 'pologizin'. I wanna do it, s'not your fault they sentcha." Dean stifles another yawn, glancing at the clock, "'sides, it's 'ficially the twen'y fourth, y'can't argue w'me, s'my birthday.
" he breathes when Cas pulls off, running his hand loosely along Dean's shaft, enough to keep him close to that edge, but no where near enough to send him over. It's a blissful sort of torture.
There's tension in the air when the Impala rolls to a stop in front of Cas's townhouse, but it's a pleasant, giddy kind. Dean pops the trunk and pulls the suitcase out, carrying it inside to be promptly abandoned when the door swings shut and he's suddenly got an armful of Castiel. He finds himself crowded against the cool surface of the front door as Cas's mouth stops centimeters from his own. "Say it again."
"You really think Kev'll forgive me?"
"Gabriel." Cas's voice has a dark edge to it, and goddamn if that's not doing something for Dean, "Do not tell me you've been prank calling Dean
He swallows thickly and, temporarily mute, leads the way to his car. The low whistle from behind him as they reach the car unsticks his tongue, and he turns, running a hand lightly over the hood. "Yeah, uh, Cas, meet Baby."
As they hunt through Home Depot, searching for fluorescent light bulbs, Cas tells him about the time Gabriel peed into a display toilet, "And he wasn't as young as you want him to be."
Dean's mid-text when he's startled by a light knock on his passenger window. He can't keep the grin off of his face at the sight of Cas, who looks thoroughly irritated. Dean glances down to see the chrome bar firmly set in the locked position. He leans across the seat to disengage it and pops the door open, illuminating the interior as Cas climbs in. He drops his head back onto the seat, breathing deeply, once the door has closed behind him — he's almost smiling when he (finally) meets Dean's eyes, "Hello, Dean." Damn, he is never going to get tired of hearing his name in that voice.
"Well, if you're going to be rude about it, fine." There's a melodramatic huff over the line. "Why can't you teach a Jedi calculus?"
The whine he lets out when Cas pulls off is less than dignified. He'd been so close, electricity shooting through his veins, eyes trying to roll beneath closed lids, the slightest tremble working up his legs, and now his cock is aching, saliva cooling against heated flesh. There's rustling in the seat next to him, the sound of a zipper being pulled, followed by a throaty groan that has Dean's dick twitching. He's no sooner opened his eyes than he has a lapful of Castiel claiming his mouth in a bruising kiss, hips pressed together deliciously.
"I'm not interrupting, am I? I could call back." His voice sounds hesitant, and Dean panics.
"Great. You're due for some good karma." Charlie pats his knee (the one currently unoccupied with his phone) in what he guesses is supposed to be a comforting gesture. "I mean, your last relationship was Lisa, and that went belly up almost a year and a half ago. Plus, I know this Gabriel jackass has pretty much been cockblocking you since last August." Dean opens his mouth to speak, but she hold up a hand to silence him, "Then there was the DUI in March, followed immediately with that sprained ankle, and you catch on fire, like, all the time. Your life is the most depressing sitcom ever."
Dean stops short as he enters the kitchen, because there's Gabriel, and, fuck, when does this guy sleep? Their entrance hasn't gone unnoticed, either. "Respect, Cassie. Didn't think Dean-o swung your way."
On the way to the bank, he asks Cas about his schedule, sending him into a long explanation of call time averages and distribution of service. "The worst, though, is late night. Ninety-nine percent of people calling tech support at midnight are drunk, or stoned, or both. That's the shift they start people on. It's like sending people to Hell to see if they break."
Before he realizes what he's doing, he's got a soapy hand wrapped around his cock, shoulder leaned against the wall as he squeezes at the base and runs his hand up the shaft. His eyes drift closed as he does, mind supplying him with endless images of blue eyes and chapped lips — he imagines Cas is standing here with him, that it's his hand pulling Dean closer and closer to orgasm. Dean lets out a broken moan at the thought of having that thick cock again, of how it might feel inside of him, the stretch and burn of it filling him up. He works his other hand behind himself to run lightly across the sensitive skin behind his balls, and press against his own hole. He hasn't done this for himself in years, but he fucks himself open on his own hand, twisting his arm just so for the leverage to massage his own prostate. He can't help the "
Cas surges forward, capturing Dean's lips briefly, "You're sure?"
"It was last minute, he called me, like, forty minutes before I picked him up."
"So beautiful," Cas murmurs from above him, and Dean glances up, taking in the way blue eyes dance over his skin.
"So anyway, Kev got mad that I blew him off, or whatever, which is stupid, since I hang out with him all the time, and it's not my fault Mrs. Tran said he couldn't go."
Dean swallows thickly at the image — Cas, hard and leaking, running his hand along his cock, reaching down every couple strokes to give his balls a squeeze, maybe tease at his own hole.
It is a truly awful strip joint, the garish neon sign bathing the parking lot in red and blue, casting strange shadows as it flashes 'LIVE GIRLS.' A single white light above the door illuminates a small crowd of smokers, an even mix of dancers and patrons; a few involved in conversation that was far too close to be polite. The lot extends around the left side of the building, dark and unwelcoming, but Castiel is no where to be seen.
want to sleep in Sam's room?"
"Hey!" Dean cries, indignant, "I'm a happy fuckin' person."
"I also bought breakfast." Castiel speaks quietly, almost as though he, too, is afraid to disrupt the purity of the moment.
Fortunately, the burgers are also as good as promised. Dean groans around the first bite, proceeding to devour half his burger in record time. He pauses, setting the burger down to sip his coke, "Your brother's gonna be pissed."
"That makes two of us, babe," Dean yawns. "Only six hours 'til your flight, though — three hours in the air, and I'll be waitin' for you."
Charlie just rolls her eyes. "So, you've obviously got his number, and some sort of freaky soulmate chemistry. When are you gonna ask him out?"
"Because only the Sith deal in absolutes."
With an easy quiet between them, Dean pulls out of the parking lot — he's half way to Castiel's townhouse before he realizes. "If Gabe has your keys, can you get into your house?"
Sammy. He pops his head through to meet amused blue eyes and something catches in his chest. He feels a grin stretch across his face at the sight of Castiel — he's wearing the pants Dean had left in the bathroom last night, standing in Dean's kitchen like he belonged there, faint bruises peeking from the stretched out collar of
Dean flushes, realizing he'd been unabashedly checking this dude out, in his own kitchen, after waking him up and yelling at him. "You got any beer?"
"Yeah, Cas." Dean has to stop himself from punching the air, but he can't help the grin that splits his face, "That sounds awesome."
to be on
It's a new sensation, the hot feeling of come being released inside of him. Of Castiel filling him up in every possible way as he climaxes with a ragged moan. He knows they should probably get up, clean up, but he doesn't care. Right now he has exactly what he's been missing for a month, and he doesn't intend to give it up. He hisses lightly as Cas pulls out and collapses next to him, pressing sleepy kisses along his collarbone. They drift off like that, naked atop the covers, Castiel's head pillowed against his chest.
He's missed this — the weight of Castiel in his mouth, the taste of him invading his senses, the smooth sensation of his tongue against hard cock. He works his way down slowly, taking his time to memorize the feel of him on his tongue, the way he can feel the muscles of his back flex, as though to stop himself from thrusting deeper into Dean's mouth. He works his tongue around the head, dipping into the slit quickly before darting around once again as he pushes further, swallowing as he feels that nudge at the back of his throat.
That is
"Okay, go ahead and plug it back in now." He says into the phone, "What color are the lights flashing? Good, now open your laptop, see if you can load a website. You can? Excellent. Is there anything else I can assist you with, Ms. Talbot? Okay, have a great day, ma'am." Cas hangs up with a sigh, "It's seven thirty."
"No way, Cas. I'm not leaving you waiting outside of some strip club for a fuckin' Uber at midnight." Dean sighs, climbing into his car, "Just — let me do this, okay? It'll give me peace of mind."
"So," Dean can feel every syllable exhaled against his neck, "we don't. And you can help me with this shower."
They hold the position for a moment, both lost in bliss. All too soon, Cas is pulling out, kissing his knee, guiding it back down and groping for the towel they had abandoned. He cleans up before curling into Dean's side, pressing sleepy kisses against his collarbone, and Dean has regained enough control of his body to wrap an arm around his shoulders, to draw him in a little closer as he drifts off.
"I just wish you didn't have to pick me up at the airport on your
, if Dean's not mistaken) watches him bite into it appreciatively.
Cas's brow furrows, "I don't believe I can."
"Did you get him?"
Not even a minute passes before his phone vibrates in his hand with an incoming call.
Charlie gets the details he'd promised her on Friday. (To her credit, she waits until after they finish epic amounts of Chinese take out to pester him about it.) He tells her about arriving, immediately embarrassing himself in front of Castiel, why Gabriel was calling in the first place, and is glossing over the sex part when she interrupts.
"Dean," Fuck, Cas is practically panting over the line, voice lower than usual as he purrs Dean's name. He can't help the moan that escapes him at the sound.
He wakes up in an empty bed, an empty apartment, and disappointment washes through him — it's barely seven thirty, and the other side of the bed is already cold. Dejected, he heads back across the hall to the bathroom, not bothering to turn on the light, and starts the shower running. He doesn't care when he's assaulted with frigid water, nor does he care when the water makes a violent switch, heat turning his skin pink. He wants to wash the sour feeling off, the vain expectation that Cas would be there when he woke, the magnetic draw he feels to the man.
"Dean?" Sam cranes his neck to see his brother's phone, "Are you even listening to me?"
As much as I loved this prompt, I actually never intended for this to have chapters. So, naturally, it's become one of the longest (and most popular) things I've ever written. I want to thank everyone who subscribed, commented, kudo'ed or bookmarked, please leave me more.
When the fourth finger slips in and Cas grazes his prostate again, he breaks, begging for more, asking Cas to fill him up, to fuck him,
His phone vibrates against his knee, and it's in his hands before the chime ends. He has to fight the urge to laugh out loud at Cas's description of Gabriel's birthday party (
"Wha- Yeah." And he had been, kind of. "You like this girl Madison, so ask her out."
Cas is ghosting kisses along the bolt of his jaw now, and Dean swallows thickly, "Not particularly, no."
managed to find the perfect temperature) and presses in close. He can feel the evidence of Castiel's arousal against his thigh as he reaches past him, laying hands on his body wash. With his other hand, he pulls Cas in for a kiss, sliding his tongue in to run against the roof of the other man's mouth. He feels a shiver run through Cas's body before he pulls away, "Let's get you cleaned up before we get carried away."
"Mornin' Cas," Dean yawns widely, running his hand over his face, "Time 'sit?"
He hunts through his closet for the jeans he keeps in the back, the ones that are almost
Castiel had no clue how to form any sentence, Amara had saved them both, and as he turned his head to look at the wall of the room, behind the chair that collected dust at the center of the room, there was nothing...The empty was nowhere around, Castiel didn't get to express how he felt, he didn't even get to say a simple three words that have been buried deep down his chest, carved and carved into one large crack in his chassis to made him disobey. Something that made him have his own free will and fall in love for a human so purely humane “Dean-'' he husked out, voice gentle but the shock grained the noise of the hunter's name. Castiel didn't even notice it yet but his palm where he held Dean on the cheek, blood still gently dropped from the deep wound, he smeared blood that was on his palm all over his sleeve to try to clean it up. He couldn't bear to look at Amara or anyone but his palm.
Jack cocked his head to the side gently as he looked at his dad in disbelief, it's almost amazing how vivid his emotions are for even the angel that has lied before, lied again, and he believed each and every word. Jack deeply knows exactly why Castiel acted the way he did back in the storage room, and with what he can understand more from signs Dean was giving is that Castiel might as well given Dean no hope just so they contain a "professional and friendly relationship" even when both of them want each others touch, they crave it, Jack might be born just a few years ago but that doesn't change the fact he is more than that when it comes to age.
When Cas walked in he started looking up around in awe, there were so many bright colors, televisions replaying trailers, it was loud and crowded but he didn't mind at all, it was intriguing yes but also weirdly entertaining, it made him almost happy. When the time came and Dean signaled to move one, he followed after the hunter to the room where they would watch the movie. It was large but the screen was a lot bigger than Cas had anticipated it to be. They soon found their seats that were closer to the back. Cas was slightly surprised with the lights when they shut off, then the ads started playing he didn't care much, just waited for them to be over. but while they played he did give Dean a few glances. Cas even started to fidget a bit with the edge of his sleeves since the clothes he wore actually at least a number larger than what he usually wears lately, he almost missed the feeling of oversized clothes on him
Jack let his dad go take the shower he wanted, he gave the space Dean needed “Castiel” Jack said in a very soothed but a worried voice. His father was hurt and by a single glance of the hidden wings; they looked drained, damaged, grace wasn't flowing through them, it was low in general “Let me…” He reached out to his father forehead and with a gentle tap, Castiel's grace was regenerated and the wounds were all healed but he couldn't fix Angel's wings even if he tried… he isn't God after all
Dean, still half asleep considering he isn’t a morning person at all when it comes to the light of day. He managed to make coffee for himself. The Hunter turned around and leaned his back onto the table, he took a couple of sips of his freshly brewed coffee. Dean is still trying to process a lot of what is happening, the conversation he had with Jack last night and this morning with the plan finally being put into motion. Dean wondered how that would go, He can't necessarily think of the finer things in life at the moment but at most, at least everyone is together for now “Eh, I don't think Jack would do anything if you woke him up. Sam doesn't really receive wake-up calls from you either” Dean took another sip of his coffee “That's good.” He looked at the angel before taking a step closer to the table, he looked down at the done and well-made breakfast...well he might as well take some since it's being offered. With that noted, Dean picked up a plate and well took a little of what was there; he'll be mindful of Jack and Sam if they wanted any in the long run or maybe a little later. Dean finished getting himself a serving of the pancakes before he took a seat, and rubbed his eyes for a second. He thought about the question Castiel just asked. “Could be better.” Dean looked up at Cas while taking a bite of whatever the angel made... well actually it was good. Not that Dean specifically has any taste in anything.  “Somehow when you have god playing Thanos and all I was able to sleep.”
“The conversation he and I had more than a few weeks ago didn't really do much” Dean replied, he remembers just being told- living and fighting on is what makes Cas happy. Obviously, he couldn't believe that but the attempt, he did in the theater that night lessened his chances. He feels as if it wasn't supposed to be. Dean is still trying to figure out his own things but since it's out in the open he might as well elaborate “You know... when we were in that storage room. Cas and I were about to die, he started talking to me and said some speech of the sort. I remember half of it, but... he finished telling me what he was going to say last during that one night and that really only gave me proof he's not interested.” Yes, Dean really believed that. And it's still something he's been trying to shake off
Dean thinks he might be willing to trade the sun for the light of Castiel's smile.
"You, uh, having issues with the water?"
Cas takes the phone, quickly typing in the password, "It's from Charlie. She says she's got Sam, and she'll see us at the party." There's another chime, and Cas clears his throat. "She also wants you to have fun 'riding that disco stick.'" Dean can feel the air quotes Cas puts around the phrase, almost laughs out loud at the seriousness with which he delivers Lady Gaga lyrics.
At the top, he turns, pinning Cas against the bedroom door, groping for the doorknob. When he locatēs it and the door swings inward, they collapse into a heap, arms and legs tangled together, half-in and half-out of the room. He can feel Cas shaking beneath him, the chuckles huffed against the skin of his chest, and he can't supress the laughter that bubbles out of him.
"You're gonna tell me exactly how you know that." Dean feels mildly violated. He knows Gabriel isn't a real threat, but Sammy shouldn't have to deal with the douchebag.
"Having a kitchen party, Cassie? At four am? On a weeknight? I'm so proud!" And that is definitely the voice that's been annoying him for a year. He can finally put a face to his tormentor. He's a small guy with a mildly evil glint in his eye. "And look at this hunk. I'm impressed. You managed to snag a real life Ken doll. Although, hopefully more anatomically correct."
) and Cas's reply is instantaneous (
Sam looks up to spot him, "Friend of yours, Dean?"
He's barely knocked before Cas is pulling the door open and ushering him down the stairs. Dean is confused until he hears Gabriel yelling from inside, "Don't forget, Cassie! Safe sex is —" He's (thankfully) cut off by Cas slamming the door.
"So, what, you got laid?" Sam broaches the topic again while they wash up after dinner, "C'mon, Dean, I know it's something. You're
"Is there a reason you're waking me up at four in the morning on a Thursday?" Dean swallows at the sound of the man's voice, the rough gravel of it working to make him forget why he's there. "Or are you just an asshole?"
have to answer inquiries about her death. That he could just say it and not be bombarded with platitudes and apologies. It's refreshing to know someone who gets it, the down deep sorrow that comes with losing your mother, the way it never really leaves you.
"It wasn't so bad when he called during the day, sometimes he's actually funny, but it's getting fucking ridiculous."
"I, uh, I work for my uncle, he's got an auto shop."
Dean's halfway out the door when Cas answers, "Hello, Dean."
The seriousness with which he says it catches Dean off guard, but he can see the mirth in the blue eyes locked with his own, so he shoots him a wink, "As long as it's you, Cas, I can make an exception."
"I would like that very much." Cas furrows his brow, "That is, if you're willing to accept calls originating from this address."
Charlie almost drops her ice cream. "You already did!? And I'm just hearing about this now?" She swats at his shoulder, "I can't believe you didn't call me! We could have had a getting ready montage!"
"Yes Dean." He places one last kiss on Dean's lips, and extricates himself, stepping through his door. He glances back at Dean once before closing it, and Dean is sure Cas's blissful look is mirrored on his own face.
"Woah, back it up. You're telling me that bad joke guy has a hot brother that you charmed into the sack in less than an hour? Respect, dude!"
"They both get to smell the goods, but neither of them gets to eat it."
Dean can't help himself. He lets out a snort of laughter and loses the battle with the grin pulling at his cheeks. "I'm sorry."
"That's a win in my book, man." There's something about Cas's story that's tickling at his brain, but before he can work out exactly what it is their food is arriving. Dean's stomach growls lightly at the smell, reminding him that he skipped out on lunch. He burns his mouth on the cheese with the first bite, but it's delicious nonetheless. There's a soft groan from across the table, and Dean looks up in time to see Cas close his mouth around his taco for a second time. Dean's never been so jealous of a tortilla in his life. The sound Castiel makes as he pulls the food away from his mouth borders on indecent. He hums lightly as he chews, eyes slipping shut, jaw working slowly, as if he's trying memorize the taste. Dean's own food sits, temporarily forgotten, in front of him as he loses himself watching Castiel enjoy his meal. Dean wonders if his cooking would elicit a similar response, already planning out what he would make for Cas first. He's planning second and third and fourth meals before he can stop himself, and he's struck by how strange it all is. He only met the man this morning, and already he's thinking about the future. When Cas opens his eyes again, Dean becomes aware of just how long he's been staring.
"Don't you want to brush your teeth before seeing your boyfriend?"
Cas's shirt is all but ruined, and Dean's more than a little glad it means he'll be riding shirtless (even if dress slacks and no shirt is a completely ridiculous look.) They take a minute to catch their breath, exchanging soft kisses in the afterglow. Dean pulls back out on the road, right hand clasped tightly in Cas's left.
"It's damn hard to be any fun at three in the morning. Go the fuck to sleep, man."
"I was thinking you could move into my place, actually." Cas shrugs, "Gabriel called me last week, he and Kali are moving into Chicago."
While Dean grasps for the condom and rolls it on, Cas shifts to his hands and knees, cock hanging heavy between his legs. Dean positions himself carefully, hissing as Cas rocks backwards onto his cock, teasing at the head with that tight ring of muscle. Dean steels himself and pushes through, groaning with Cas as he fills him, stilling as he bottoms out and leaning forward to press soft kisses along Castiel's spine. Cas starts to rock against him shallowly, urging him to motion. He's so hot and tight and fucking perfect, taking Dean's cock and moaning his name in that rough baritone. It's more intense than Dean could have imagined. His thrusts become erratic, harder to control, and he reaches down to wrap his hand around Cas's cock, squeezing and twisting lightly at the base, before jacking him in earnest, shifting his hips, searching for that spot again. When he finds it, Cas clenches around him, gasping. He thrusts at the same angle roughly, feeling his own release pooling in his gut. It's not long, though, before Cas is coming all over his hand, tightening around him as he thrusts shallowly and his orgasm washes over him. Castiel collapses underneath of him, and they lay like that, panting for a moment before Dean pulls himself out and ties off the condom.
"I'm sure, now hop out, I gotta get on the road"
"Not for just any bit, Castiel!
So, yeah, second chapter, y'all. I hope it lived up to expectations. Originally intended the phone sex/sexting to be the night of Gabriel's birthday, and the rest of the chapter to be the movie/lunch date Sunday, but, well, Cas is just one forward motherfucker.
He continues to scrub his body, resolutely avoiding his (very interested) cock — working his way down his legs, taking the time to clean between each toe. Even as he washes the day's worth of sweat and grease from his body, his mind assaults him with images of Castiel. The way he had taken charge, asking for what he wanted; the sounds that had fallen from him as Dean was seated inside of him; the intensity of his kiss.
Dean trails his hands up Cas's clothed chest, working the buttons open, pulling away to mouth at his throat, sucking marks to claim this beautiful force of nature that he's been lucky enough to find. "Amazing," he murmurs against tanned skin, "perfect," he groans as a hand wraps around them both, "
"Yeah, definitely. Next time, I'll cook for you." Dean grins wide and Cas surges forward enthusiastically, capturing his mouth in a kiss that may have started chaste, but soon has him backing Castiel against the door. He's wondering if maybe Cas will invite him in for a nightcap when he pulls away, hand on Dean's chest.
"Fuck, you sound so good right now." He squirms out of his jeans, pushing them and his boxers down to bunch at his knees as he gets a better grip on his aching cock, "Wanna hear all the sounds you make when I ride that cock."
Castiel had driven his way back to the bunker with one of the cars from the garage most of them Dean won't use, but Sam used them for Eileen and him when doing cases, he wondered where she is most of the time but as far as she knows is that Dean and Sam get constant updates that she is perfectly fine. As he parked the car in the garage and as he reached the main bunker door, he held the quite big box of freshly baked pie tightly, the angel unlocked the door to enter and closed it behind him after.
Sam panted as the grip on the flannel he wore got tighter, fist on his stomach as if he could scream he would “ I need a shower” the water was definitely not warm, but that wasn’t what he needed now. What he needed was one very cold shower, the burn wouldn't go away no matter what. A shower could make the miracle happen, asr Dean's comment, and the blood smeared all over him, somehow he just didn't care. He walked away from the room and didn't make him feel guilty
Sam seemed to look extremely exhausted, he had dirt all over his clothes “the nest was huge- and literally right in the middle of the woods” he exhaled sharply after working everything out, he felt his muscles relax as he took the blade out and left it on the table for them to clean it up afterward “Have you seen Cas? I tried calling him yesterday and he wouldn't answer. Jack and I were worried” truth is Sam was mad too, at least yesterday.  He still felt furious about not getting an answer especially after Cas offered to help them out and yet didn't come along at all.
Whatever alcohol that might have been, Jack is still a bit unsure on how to tell different alcohols from others, except beer, he can recognize that pretty easily. Jack took his way towards Dean and rested a hand on the man's shoulder from the back, a smile spread over his own lips seeing him eating pie, good thing he left it on the table as if he knew Dean would want some once back from the Cinemas Hello Dean. Jack said and circled around Dean to stand there for a moment looking at his dad before sitting on one of the chairs
Jack’s breath picked a faster rate, and his heart pounded inside his head. He needed to focus, He had to be certain this would work. He gave an apologizing look at Sam before his eyes changed hue into a golden shine. A pulse could be seen, it dispersed lightly throughout the room's walls, it cracked and everything flew out of position, it's a miracle the ceiling didn't collapse on top of them with how strong the pulse was. Sam's part comes next where he needed to say the spell “Sam!” he shouted he tried to make his voice heard throughout the loud storm. Very much like the sound of two powerful beings trying to lock god himself, powers striking each other.
Death was able to regain her composure after a little, she started to walk towards Dean and Cas and she knew exactly what she wanted to do. Instead of waiting for Dean and Cas, she made her way over to them slowly, Billie clenched her fist. Billie has a hold of Dean's heart, and she's slowly going to crush it. she felt his heart from here, it's beating so heavily, she wanted to squeeze it until it burst. Billie continued this motion with her hand, she’s getting tighter and tighter each time. She wanted to relish this, finally being able to kill Dean Winchester by her own hands. To her it should be an honor than anything “Dean, you had this coming. I know you can't do this forever.”
Castiel gasped at the strong radiance of power flow in his body, this awakened his angelic side to full potential once again. His eyes glowed a gentle blue before Cas blinked and exhaled after he was healed "Thank you Jack" he is so proud of Jack..
Cas tried to focus his eyes at the taller figure, must be Jack or maybe Dean? with a little more focus he got to see a little clearer but the dizziness remained, everything was turbulence around him and it made the angel sicker. He leaned onto the kitchen table, before letting it go to take a step closer to Dean and look right at his face, too close for comfort. “I am such a big bad luck Dean” Cas's voice is very harsh and dehydrated, almost as if he had a cold. With a deep swallow, Cas kept talking now eyeing the man emeralds... he felt his own eyes droop and is now falling.
The other Dean took a minute, he realized what he said out loud. It didn't mean to come out that way, he should tell Cas what happened to his version. This could explain why he's so overcome with the emotions he's feeling, a feeling he's been missing for a long time. This Dean can't tell him at this point since it’s already out in the open. Dean took a deep breath before he looked at Cas with another gentle smile, their eyes piercing into one another. Their souls wouldn't connect because this was this world and they have their own, but he was more than willing to tell him. “The Mark of Cain, I'm sure you're familiar with it”  Dean started to fidget around with his hands and fingers out of being nervous “I possessed the mark for a while and I've had it longer than I could remember, there are times I wish I didn't accept the offer about it or given the choice. I took it because I couldn't stand anyone else having it at the time”  Dean explained, “After a bit of time the mark took a toll on me which in that time my angel and I were... you know.”
Richer Dean looked at the angel. Wait, he's seen him before... Why does he look familiar to Dean? He got a better look at the somewhat small angel that wore a long trench coat. It reminded him of his boyfriend. He doesn't know the name of this man who so happened to walk randomly in so he isn't quite sure, but he's certain it is him... Richer Dean stunned of course, by this appearance due to the fact he hasn't seen Cas since he had to bury him in a Malak box, this Dean was the one who had to put him six feet under the earth’s crust with no return. The Richer Hunter doesn't even know if he is alive, but beforehand, everything was so good... it was really good before his angel became crazy because of the mark, he didn't have any other choice at the time so Dean had to do this. Richer Dean was getting emotional by the sight of Cas. He remembered the last look he gave to Dean before taking the mark so willingly. He didn't want his angel to take the mark but Cas volunteered so easily because Cas loved Dean, he loved him so much the Angel couldn't bring himself to have Dean deal with the mark “Cas?” He said quietly while staring at the shorter angel
“Did you really make this?” Jack said amazed, he peaked up at his father, he saw Cas just gently nod which got Jack even more excited and happy, thankfully there were plastic forks inside the bag. Jack just grabbed one fork and dug right in
Dean finally made his way to the main part of the bunker. The hunter walked around the table, he looked at Jack and Sam. Dean felt the blood still remained on his cheek. He moved his hand up to his face before he smeared the print on his face a little, Dean is still processing what happened in the last twenty minutes. He was two minutes from dying and now he's still alive. Dean cleared this throat “What happened?” Dean simply inquired, he's worried about what the mark will do to Sam because he remembered what the mark of Cain did to him, that's sort of his worries at the moment but the whole situation with Cas was something he still needed to process and the only way he found a way to distract himself is with what happened with Jack and Sam by the looks of it, yes the plan worked in the end but where did that leave them now?
Billie looked at Dean “What a shame” Death sighed a little, she walked toward Dean. She was ready to do whatever she needed to get what she wanted. Oh how badly she wanted to become god since they made plans to defeat chuck. She always wanted to be a ruler and make the world the way she envisions it. The type of world she wanted is a bit darker than what god initially had at the beginning of times.
The most he spoke with Cas was when he asked if he wanted anything from the snack section. He forgot that Castiel was an angel for a good solid five seconds, he facepalmed himself internally with even asking in the first place since he just remembered that angels do not eat. As Dean recalled Cas called the taste of a peanut butter jelly sandwich being nothing but molecules. After that whole process occurred they headed for the theater. Dean was able to get some seats in the back rather than the front. The movie wasn't going to begin quite yet because of commercials and all so he settles himself in one of the seats, they were closest to the isle which is convenient for Dean if he needed to leave at any given time
He made him hope that they would survive this “Dean-” right before he never got to reply. He didn't even get to say that they need to fight and try to hide. what Castiel is scared of, happened...Death, Billie has a grip on the man. This caused cas to gasp out of breath; this is no tragedy. “Dean!!” He rushed at the man, the angel wrapped his arms around him, he held onto him. He used whatever power he had to continuously heal Dean's heart from Billie's constant grip. “Come on Dean!” he helped him, as they stroll down the hall, he fought to keep Dean alive at all cost. Because if he died, minutes before they got their freedom, it would be considered a failure. Cas now can see a bigger picture instead of calling it a failure, he sees it as despair. Castiel can't lose Dean, he can't lose the man he fell in love with in every possible way. He can't bear to see him die like this.
The Richer Dean looked at the angel who offered the hug, maybe this is really the only opportunity he would be able to feel the physical touch of his former lover in another universe. Dean takes it upon himself to get closer with Cas; he simply hugged him. He felt this warmth go up to his chest. It was a comfortable one, but he's missing something, he's longed for a while. Since this is another version of Dean he still has some of the same properties like their heads being able to fit together so well. Dean sighed to himself quietly before pulling away.
The Angel didn't move much away from Dean, he allowed him to come up to him even closer. Cas felt his hand being dragged out of his pocket, and the way this Dean touched his hand made him shiver because he imagined his own Dean touching him this way. His own Dean's rougher from the punches he gave, and the years of guns he had to hold, the experience of wrath and war, the blood that he spilled. Somehow they still felt almost the same, almost but so far off. Since this Dean's hand felt softer, more intimate. Was it the skin or his emotions making the gesture a lot calmer, former, and even loving? Cas shivered again after something cold touched his skin in the center of his palm. When this Dean removed his hand away from the tiny object Castiel observed and he felt stunned...was this a ring?
Dean moved his head down a little before he looked back up at “Cas-'' that was until he also was startled by Billie's continuous loud bang, the door flung right open and they braced themselves for this day, Dean can't find any options and he had to accept whatever came to him, he didn’t want Cas to be in the middle of this because it was unfair. it really was unfair for him.  Dean even knew that Cas did not deserve to be killed by Billie. He looked over at Billie who approached both of them slowly “Cas please, go.” This was one final attempt Dean had, even if it didn’t work, somehow, Dean believed that Cas can still get out of there before anything else went down. His objective was to now keep Cas alive at all costs and he's in denial this was the end
Amara’s head didn't turn, she didn't look at either Jack or Sam. She softly smiled and raised her head “I'm so sorry dear brother...maybe a few millennia locked will be good for you” Her hands were now gently raised, she used part of her powers to weaken Chuck, she was able to hurt him before, and with Jack's help this will be easier
Billie expected Dean to pick a fight with her and she didn't back down too much. She expected Cas to barrel towards her but it's Dean this time. She's spoken with Dean so many times about death in general... this wasn't the way Dean's story is supposed to end. Truth was, the book was altered yet again because the Winchesters will not follow the plan. They never do, and what should she expect from the Team Free Will. If it meant killing the Winchesters to become god then so be it.
It was a good few seconds of just this, he wanted this. And he knows that Cas didn't mind it at all. At most at the time, Dean felt Cas quickly retrieve his hand from the hunter's... what is this feeling? rejection? sadness? a second time in a couple of weeks, something that would be a heavyweight on Dean. Personally to him, it didn't feel as if the angel didn't like it, at least for how long it went. Dean looked back towards the film and it was almost done anyway. Dean swallowed roughly, in his own sorrows, guilts, and efforts, he doesn't say anything or question what just happened. The hunter felt as if Cas didn't like it in the first place. He won't bring attention to it. When the film was finally over Dean got up from his seat, he took the container filled with popcorn before trying to close it a little so it doesn't get everywhere on the baby.
He wanted to let Cas know how sorry he was, he wanted to apologize for everything he's done; from telling him he's the problem, from kicking him out of the bunker multiple times and the number of times, and how he didn't trust the angel. It wasn't the angel's fault at all, it was his and his anger that troubled his mind. By the end of the day, it was Dean’s fault and his fault himself. The only way he could diffuse the situation easily was to blame it on someone else. He can't control his anger and that's what fuels his hatred for himself. But god, god does he feel more guilt. “Cas I-” Dean was again about to say something, that was until he felt something. Dean hunched over violently with a pained noise that escaped his throat.
The Richer Dean turned Angel's hand so his palm was facing up. He placed his hand on top of Castiel’s palm facing down; currently closed into a fist shape, that was before he released his fingers, slowly spreading them. This allowed the ring he initially had in his hand to lay on top of Angel's palm. He finally moved his hand fully away from Cas before looking up at him, This version of Dean seemed a little happier he was able to give this to at most one person. One person, he saw and trusted even if this isn't his Angel, his boyfriend. Dean would still trust Cas with his life. “I was never able to give this to him... so I thought I would just give it to you.” The Richer Dean clarified simply.
Jack waited for the queue, he waited until Dean turned and nodded his head. Sam and Him went the other way in a rush, he has faith and trust that Cas and Dean will stop Billie from ruining their plans, this is the one chance they have, they could not afford to make any mistakes now.
Dean's thumb gently caressed his knuckles and that alone made Castiel huff out a shaky breath as he felt his skin crawl and shiver, his cheeks got warmer but nothing else was said. At that exact moment, Castiel dragged his hand away from Dean's. Slithered out of the most wonderful grip he will ever have and remember. He looked away from the screen now and on his lap, he gripped his own hand that held Dean's just moments ago with his own another hand. He tried to devastate himself just in case the empty won't show up. what is he supposed to say now? apologize? there was no point...what hurts the most is the fact Dean is trying to reciprocate emotions for him that Cas never thought the hunter had
Amara winced from the weakness, she was weak but not weak enough not to teleport where she felt Dean and Castiel be. The moment her eyes were closed and once more re-opened she stood in a room with bookshelves, a chair, a large devil's trap, witnessed Dean and Cas standing a few feet away from her until she felt it, the presence behind her, Death. Amara didn't hesitate, she coldly turned around and looked at the dying Death, ironic. Without questions..she raised her hand up and snapped her fingers, evaporating Death. She stared at the bloody smear behind and around of her "remains" but didn't care much, she instead turned to look both at dean and Castiel, he quiet was deafening but the small smile that formed on her lips after said it all
The car back home was quiet, awkwardly silent and the tension was stronger than last week. He needed to apologize but he knew that actually might make things worse, so he let it go completely with a shaky exhale. The bunker felt even worse, the angel didn't discuss much and only walked away to his room, if he spoke to Dean, it will never be the same anymore...He only wished to have the willpower and move on, but he just never had it in him to do it...even when he tried once it still was not going to work out, his heart always dragged him back to Dean, back in the bunker. Cas reached the hand that was touched by Dean and tried to imitate the feeling with his own hand as he gently now sat down on the bed. That's useless for the angel either way it gave him comfort. He looked at his hand and he could see it, Dean's hand over his own, perfectly slotting to one another like a puzzle, warming each other up, their fingers dancing...it felt right and so wrong at the same time. Until Cas was able to realize, a drop of liquid fell on the top of his hand, his cheeks felt wet, in conclusion...Castiel is overwhelmed..his throat felt clogged and his chest ached, but the tears helped ease the choking
And how is Dean supposed to say no to that? He presses in with one finger, and Castiel pushes himself down on it wantonly. He quickly moves on to two, and Cas opens easily for him, the prettiest sounds falling from his lips as Dean works a third in. Castiel's whole body stiffens when Dean finds what he was looking for, letting his fingers skim over Cas's prostate a second time before moving to add a fourth when Cas stops him. "Dean. Now."
It actually turns out to be a very informative trip; he learns that Cas speaks fluent Spanish, as well as Mandarin, Russian, and German. As well as what he describes as 'passable Hebrew.' (Dean thinks any proficiency in a dead language could be considered 'passable.') "So, uh, what language is Castiel from?"
) up.
"Shut up and eat your dinner, Sammy." He tries to growl it out in his best Bobby impression, but he fails to do anything other than send his brother into fits of laughter.
Dean just knocks his forehead against Cas's, sighing, "I'll call you in the morning, ok?"
"I don't work tomorrow. But I couldn't ask you to —"
"I missed you," And Dean doesn't miss the subtle tightening of the arms around his abdomen, or the way Castiel's lips brush his neck in all the right places as he speaks.
He's standing on Cas's steps once again before he speaks, "So, uh, I had a great time last night. You maybe want to grab a bite to eat sometime?"
"What?" He snaps, whirling back to face his brother.
"Hello, Dean."
"Hey, Cas," he sighs, finally reaching past the band of his boxers to grasp his cock.
"That would be my brother." He glances into the dark townhouse, before stepping aside. "Would you like to come in? You came all the way out here, you deserve to be saved from Gabriel."
"No problem, have a great weekend!"
The door swings open, cutting off what was sure to be an eloquent and well crafted threat. "Jesus, Dean. I was brushing my teeth, not building pipe bombs. You didn't have to go all Gestapo on the door."
not awake yet." He grimaces, "Which means I'd have to call Kali. I'd much rather accompany you. Even if you were going to the
Dean shrugs, "I've got a friend who hacks Super PACs for fun. Tracing your call was a milk run for her."
"I think it would be wise to end the night here," Cas's eyes are wide, lips swollen, the way he keeps his body pressed along the line of Dean's demonstrating just how hard it is for him to say, "I'm not sure I could resist the temptation if I invited you inside."
"You're taking me home?"
"I'm also sure that the first weekend of our senior year you talked a very drunk me into skinny dipping in the quarry."
Dean comes in his hand with Castiel's name on his lips, immensely satisfied to hear Cas groan loudly shortly after, keeping the line open as their heart rates normalize, listening to Cas catch his breath as he searches, one handed, for the tissues he knows should be within arm's reach. He cleans himself up,  kicks his jeans the rest of the way off, tucking himself back into his boxers, and rolls so that the phone is pressed between his ear and the pillow, listening to the soft rustling through the line as Cas (presumably) cleans up.
Dean finds his shirt on the floor and uses it to wipe the come off of Cas, "Worth what?"
(See the end of the chapter for
"Jesus, it's good to have you back." He (reluctantly) breaks their embrace, stepping back to hold the passenger door open so Cas can climb inside. He all but runs to the driver's side, pleased when Cas scoots closer to him, with the hand that comes to rest on his knee. "Let's blow this popsicle stand."
Castiel works him open slowly, and Dean's glad for the cool shower when a finger pad grazes his prostate, almost sending him hurtling over the edge. Instead he gasps out a soft, "Casti-
"Me too, Dean." And Cas is only inches from him now, keys in hand, but seemingly just as reluctant as Dean is to part. "I'd like it if we could do this again."
He's spent every minute since seeing Cas in his kitchen, his clothes, in a golden glow — he honestly didn't believe it possible, but that golden feeling swells inside of him, so much so he thinks the joy must shine from his skin.
Dean quickly relaxes into it, the warm, wet slide pulling him irrevocably closer to the edge. He's not sure how long Castiel works him open, but by time he pulls away, replacing his mouth with two slick fingers, Dean's body feels warm and pliant. He can't formulate words more complicated than "Cas," and "more," and "please," as two fingers become three, then four — until he's a writhing, begging mess.
Dean is suddenly very aware of his own arousal vibrating through his body. He's not sure who moves first, but they're quickly tangled up in each other, hands roaming, hips rocking together. "
"She's beautiful." Cas walks around to the passenger side, eyes flickering between the car and Dean. "Late sixties? She must be a lot of work to maintain."
"Hey, I'm gonna pick you up, where are you?"
"How do you think I got your number in the first place? You thought you were leaving it for Kali, but we split that tip jar, buddy. You're kind of an easy mark, what with that bean pole of a brother taking up a four top for two and a half hours every day."
Dean shifts his legs, nudging Cas's apart with one knee, groping for the lube. His hand hits it and he pops the cap with his thumb. He's forced to break the kiss, push himself back onto his knees, and Cas lets out a keening whine at the loss of contact. He squeezes the lubricant onto his hand and reaches down, resting his fingers against Cas. "This what you want?" Cas nods, rolling his hips toward Dean's hand. "Gotta hear you say it, Cas."
"Cas, I knew I liked you." Dean sees the barest hint of red in Cas's cheeks, and his mind races. He wants to see if Cas blushes like that with his lips wrapped around Dean's cock, if the tops of his ears flush when Dean moans his name. Wonders if Cas will hold this eye contact while Dean's got his mouth around him or when he's got himself buried deep inside Cas. He hopes he'll get the chance to find out what it's like to come while those eyes stare into his soul. Movement in his periphery tears his eyes away and he reaches out to stop Gabriel from escaping. "You're not going anywhere, asshole."
"Waking up at four am." Cas kicks his way under the covers, tossing away the sheet he'd been kneeling on. "You're welcome to stay. But I'm going to sleep."
Dean can practically hear his heart hammering in his chest as Cas closes those final inches, palming him through his jeans. The warm press of his hand is maddeningly light, serving only to remind Dean how very much he'd like all of the brunette pressed against him. He chances a glance to his right when Cas stops talking, momentarily meeting mischievous blue eyes. When those deft fingers move to his fly, he's glad — his pants were growing uncomfortably tight. The relief is only momentary; as soon as he's unzipped, those fingers are diving below the waistband of his boxers, wrapping around his shaft.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Need you, Cas," he chokes out, unable to restrain the whimper that escapes him with the declaration, pushing down on the hand inside of him. Cas's eyes darken as he removes his fingers, moving to open the condom when Dean stops him, fingers wrapped tightly around his wrist, "wanna feel
Once Dean and Cas finally made it to the storage room he still felt Billie keep a hold of him, before he knew it, Dean could finally breathe. Dean leaned his head on the back of the storage and took a deep breath. He can finally breathe, the hunter started to pace around the storage room before he made his way to the chair in the middle of the room. The more he realized the worse it was getting. Dean placed his palms on the top of the chair which has a demon trap below it. Dean looked up at Cas, he doesn't know what to do anymore so he’ll be truthful with Cas. There's no way they were going to make this out alive if Jack and Sam aren't finished. With Billie constantly trying to bang down the door this might really be their last moments together “I'm sorry Cas” Dean started with.
The Nephilim’s head tilted a tiny bit to the side with a confused look, the frown oddly familiar to his father's frown, and the movement of his head were identical, scarcely enough that it looks copied “Godzilla, didn't we watch that movie?” He didn't know there was more than one movie about the same exact subject, but either way, he is interested to watch it. With a bright smile Jack gave his dad a nod before he left his seat “I will go dress up then,  also I'd love to drown myself in popcorn too if you do not mind getting me some.
Castiel raised his hand gently, and made it go back as his lips parted, his posture was awkward, shy even as he took a few more steps to sit at the table, he didn't look at Dean yet but decided to try and talk with the hunter, even with the ambiance being very complicated “as you said..I don't sleep, so I thought to come here and read a few books…”  truth is, he deep down feels slightly worthless now, but at the same time, this is good...Jack can make angels or awaken the ones that died, he could try to fix heaven a bit..and maybe just maybe but Jack isn’t God, Cas could try helping him out..but as of now, he doesn't even have wings. After many hours since what happened with Billie, he turned to look over at Dean, blue eyes trying to connect with emerald ones but it was like seeking for a magnificent thick forest in the middle of a cement city
Looking back at Castiel and glancing over at Dean, the signs of tension were obvious. The Nephilim Swallowed almost too close for comfort and with one peak over his books and laptop, he thought of something actually his eyes fell over Dean now, letting the box back down on the table, a smile implanted on his lips still “how about you and Cas got to the cinemas tonight?” Jack suggested “I really have to study”
Castiel's palm had a fussy physical feeling over his skin, the ghostly touch over his knuckles still made the angel shiver, this shiver ran down his spine with strong desire. If it was under his own will to have a dean now and then, he would probably do so. He’d take his hand, press against his own lips, and kiss every single scar until all of them have taken the love and care they so much asked for. Castiel must be delirious to even try so hard to fill up the emptiness that knows if it gets filled, the empty itself will take him.. honestly, he didn’t know what was worse at this point, the fact he is losing Dean inch by inch, their love, their connection fading away with every way possible. He has fallen for the hunter and now a Deal he took in high belief Dean would never reciprocate back, and now that Castiel had a gut feeling Dean is...he can't allow it, he needs to be there for Dean
Jack's smile faded away as soon as Dean said it wasn't a date. Shortly seconds later Jack realized internally what was happening, but he couldn’t explain it to Dean, it wouldn't be wise...What will make Cas happy is being with Dean. What else would he need to be happy for? they are free..they can do everything they want. He should be happy which meant the empty would have taken Cas all along..but now Jack can see, and he had to help his dad through it because he understood how hard it was
They finally reached an ending point, Billie was close, Dean couldn’t walk fast with Billie gripped on his heart. He didn't know what to do or how to help him, every second was crucial “I-” he had to do it otherwise they are both dead, his broken wings spread as he used them for a pathetic try to fly them a few rooms away. It gave them enough time to find a room for them to hide. Cas tried to help Dean inside the first room, Cas found it would be far enough. Castiel closed the door after. Dean was inside but he noticed the man still struggled to get oxygen into his lungs. he had the idea of maybe... a sigil would work as a barrier. Castiel reached out to Dean's pocket where he kept a pocket knife. He cut into his palm and used his own blood to draw a sigil on the door in hopes that will give him enough time to think of something. Anything, anything to save Dean, he can't allow Dean to die, and he won't.
Castiel watched the hunter frown with every word that came out of Angel’s mouth. He knew he broke Dean, made him feel fractured like porcelain; sensitive, one singular poke and it could crack. It's how Cas portrayed Dean's heart...shattered hundreds of times to just be poorly put back together. Castiel's eyes frowned as well, he watched him get off the chair. The look he gave him, crashed everything inside the angel. He noticed the droplets that gathered in Dean's eyes, the reflection of mirrors like lights passing through them. He knew, and it made the guilt stronger than ever “Dean-” he tried to speak as he got off the chair. The Angel looked at the man walking away before he even had the chance to reason with him; ask him what he thought of, what this even meant. Castiel loves the hunter, he always had been the main part of his celestial life, his immortality that he so much desired to end for the sake of this righteous man who just walked away from something Cas knew was his fault “I'm sorry Dean…” he is pretty sure Dean didn't even hear what Castiel just said, and it's for the better this way..this way they are safe
Castiel said he took a few steps toward the center of the room. He entered the demon trap and he’s a few steps away from Dean. He inhaled, and his breath was shaky,  his eyes already started to build up with water..but somehow the angel smiled “I know…” Cas dryly gulped and took another shaky inhale “I know how you see yourself, Dean...you see yourself exactly like our enemies see you..you're destructive, and you're angry, and you're broken, you're daddies blunt instrument...and you think that hate and anger is what..drives you, you think that’s who you are..” he paused focusing on both Dean's eyes it's not. And everyone who knows you..can see it, everything you have ever done the good and the bad, you have done for the love he empathized, and gasped out a sob, the smile on his lips remained that is who you are..you raised you little brother for love, you fought for this whole world, for love..that is who you are...
The Richer Sam looked at this Castiel and knew right away where this was going, his posture looked fixated and choked, tense as the taller brother moved over to hold onto his brother’s shoulder. The Richer Sam gripped it as if he was signaling that Dean shouldn't do what he is about to do. Sam knows how much his brother loved Cas, and how heartbreaking was for him to bury his lover in a box. Where he would live there for an eternity.
Dean listened to the angel's whole speech. He doesn't understand why Cas was now to tell him this, out of all the times he's heard every single word Cas said. He gulped deeply while the angel continued he doesn't want this to go like this. He’s heard stuff like this before and he knows this is a goodbye of the sort... in many cases, he had no idea what to think at this point. The Hunter didn't want to hear this now, not now and not yet. Dean's eyes were got glassier and glassier by the minute he tried to hold back his own tears he saw Castiel cry for the first time...real tears with how happy he was, and how big he smiled is going to haunt Dean for the rest of his life.  He knew where this was going and he couldn't stop it. This made Dean feel even more useless when it comes to these problems, it's how vulnerable Dean feels which is what he hates the most. Dean didn't look over when Cas placed his hand on his shoulder, he kept a strong hard gaze on the angel for a long time. The words that came out of Castiel's mouth sounded genuine, he's never thought about himself this way, and no one has ever told him. The only thing Dean was able to manage to get out was a deep exhale, he didn't have anything to say in response.
Dean watched the kid shove a piece into his mouth, he didn't say anything but the temptation was there of course. He shouldn't be thinking of this but the more he does the more he wants it. He has self-control so he stopped himself. Dean didn't expect Jack to suggest such a thing considering he would think Jack knew they aren't on speaking terms. Dean almost choked on his own saliva just with the idea of that. The hunter took another deep breath and he sharply inhaled “you know what I'm going to go myself then. And that's, uh, fine Jack you can continue studying.” Dean simply said, a bit quietly. He's going to shove the offer aside, depressing to see a film himself but he's been doing this more than he could count whenever he does want to.
Castiel was unsure of how to react to the other version of Dean. What confused the angel was how his soul wasn't as bright as his deans are, and he could see that quite easily. As if something was missing from the alternate Universe Dean, a piece in him that was crucial for his whole living...something happened, and the way those emeralds were losing their vivid colors, almost empty, Cas can tell something is missing, the angel felt empathetic. Cas is now lost in this Dean's despair, he could feel the want in them and it hurt Cas so much, however, felt off with this Dean. This Dean looked at him so wrong, it almost felt intimate. “Yes...?” Castiel replied with his eyes squinting, and his head tilted gently to the side, he had soft features, and doing that made him look even softer. The Angel is fine in this universe but The Empty will soon take him too, somewhere a lot deeper than the bottom of the ocean.
Billie was still coming after both of them but she literally vanished into thin air by the only person who could control the darkness. Amara herself. Billie was no more
Castiel never gets wake up calls from Sam, Jack usually sleeps, but as little as his body needs. The Angel exhaled and raised his eyebrows, gently shook his head thinking about where they are heading out towards killing god it sounds rational and the plan sounds worse than expected to cause since when does anything go smoothly for then? The only good thing is the fact that they are together. What got Castiel's attention is Dean's answer, which was expected of him to say that “things will get better Dean, I believe so” he said and smiled at this man he deep down craves to cradle his face and explain the way Castiel feels about him, explain that this whole story is real, they are real, and that they will make things better, together. Cas appreciated Dean's comment on the food he made and gave the man a gentle smile...though the reference for god did end up confusing him. “Thanos snap?” Castiel questioned Dean, he tilted his head a tiny bit to the side with squinty eyes trying to understand what Dean meant by that
If anything, Dean felt responsible for this to occur so quickly, he wanted to apologize and move past everything and even after all that. He isn’t worried about getting killed but the fact he's going to get Cas killed because he's naïve and stupid about it.
He looks at Cas, the face he made was with acceptance of what will come next. This might be the one time they have, and yet this will be their last. Dean still felt guilty for the angel being tangled in his own death row. This shouldn't have happened in the first place, and he regretted every bit of it. “You know what's going to happen.” Dean paused and gulped deeply. “Billie is going to get in here, she's going to kill you, then me,” Dean explained this was the reality and he needed to deal with it. His time already came a very long time ago, he's been able to cheat Death ever since he got out of Hell. Technically “Billie wanted to kill me since I was taken out of Hell.” Dean paused before he continued “It looks like there's nothing we can do” Dean placed his elbows on the chair looking down for a second before he stared back at blue-eyed Angel
but as it seems, it's not going smoothly...it looks like he is losing touch with Dean more than actually being here “Dean-” He spoke, he tried to get Dean's attention once the movie was over and the lights went on but the hunter had gotten up already and left. Cas had no choice but to follow him after that back to the car, the shameful expression on his face was obvious...Cas might be oblivious and Dean might not actually like him, moreover..he still remembers the day Dean said that he is like a brother to him, which broke his own heart into tiny shards, the small crack in his chassis got bigger and the love that's deep inside him begged for more, and still is..otherwise he would never allow what happened tonight in the cinema..even if occurrences like that is what his angelic heart desires, he must resist the happiness that is the man he fell in every possible way for years ago, the man that made him feel something
When the Angel walked down the hall he noticed both Dean and Sam talking to their other selves that ended up in the bunker. This caused Cas to stop and look at where the stairs for the exit. Castiel tilted his head with confusion looking at them four messes with someone's head. The Angel walked towards them a stood beside his world's dean, he doesn't know if they have their own version of Castiel, but if not, he could try introducing himself for good measures “Hello” he started off with before he shoved both his hands into his coat's pockets
Dean wasn't able to sleep, his mind was a bit clouded at the moment and he needed to find relief. He went back to the main part of the bunker, Dean sat at the table with the carved initials; Sam's, his, and his mother's initials in it. Dean sat at the table with one small light on, one of his legs extended towards another chair while he kept one of them up. The hunter had a glass of whiskey in one hand and he slowly took it down, he didn’t plan to get drunk but the relief of having a drink at this hour was enough for him. Dean gazed aimlessly in front of him, he's technically looking at his foot but other than that his mindset seemed to be in another place at the moment. Dean exhaled deeply. He's really wondered what he’ll do now. He could give up this whole entire hunting business, which is what he initially wanted to do but then again, he loves doing it but when does he ever know when enough is enough?
Castiel knows this posture, this soft eyebrow movement this Dean makes because he has seen it before more than once. Every time he does see it, Cas knows Dean is not okay, he knows how ashamed of such emotions he has them buried deep down Dean feels right there and then. How devastated this man is right now, and the story on its own got Cas to feel strong chills. Like a feather caressing the line of his spine but instead, it felt like a sharp knife grazing his naked spine, it was so painful. Cas had the urge to look away from this Dean take a look towards his own but he couldn't. Cas is lost to every word this Dean said...he had to bury his other self, they were together, they loved each other, that brought a bit of hope in Cas but also questions. What would have happened if he were to take Dean's mark? would the outcome be this? Does his Dean even love him that way? because this dean loved him that doesn't mean his dean loves him. The differences between the two are tremendously huge.
Dean noticed he didn't get a response from Sam afterward. this really could only mean that he is correct. It’s probably nothing, but the idea of Cas going on his own personal bender isn't new to him which is why it doesn't concern him as much. “Well at least you helped him, I'm glad you were there” Dean lightly said, while he left the kitchen to head back to the map table he placed his hand onto Jack's head and ruffled his hair causing the Nephilim's hair to stick in different directions. Dean finally departed from the kitchen, he settled himself in the middle of the bunker with his laptop, as usual, he's still wondering about the whole god situation. They can't keep doing normal cases, they had a plan and they already spoke to Amara about this and fortunately, they were able to get her as an ally on time. Dean wondered in various different ways how this would end but this is really their only one shot they have and if it doesn’t work the world would literally end.
This current version of Dean is stood there, he looked over to both of the Sam's, he seemed to remain silent, but it looks like he gave them both the look of "I knew it". The other version of Sam seemed a little more sympathetic to this. He watched them both interact. Dean understood what's happening right now,  and he doesn't like it,  he wouldn't ever say anything about it. Why won't he? is it the anger that washed over him, the continuous silence that keeps him from doing what he actually wants? He doesn't know but it's making him in a somewhat discontent mood. There's no way he would think of getting together with his angel, they weren't in a good spot and that doesn't seem to be changing. But even so... it hasn’t crossed Dean’s mind
Either way, it's something that brought joy to the Nephilim “Movie out tonight?” He thought about it, he really was invested in studying tonight but maybe going out for a movie to the cinema would help Jack relax and ease his mind from his usual overthinking behavior “of course!” Jack replied but he was uncertain in his voice, what he had noticed from the hunter is signs of indifference, ignorance towards Castiel
One of his hands was fisted to his chest. Dean dug his fingernails in that spot, he can't breathe, he's having a hard time.  every breath he took it hurts and burns his lungs. He couldn't figure what it was before until he realized it was his heart. Billie has a grip on his heart and he couldn't do anything about it.
Dean looked at Sam “Yeah.. um, I did. He talked to me not long ago, Cas to go on another big bender. I'm not really sure why.” Dean wasn't looking at Sam when he said that, when he finished he turned back toward his brother “Seems like you had big fish to catch and kill, at least you have the half-angel kid to help you out. I wouldn't think the job would be so hard if you have benefits like that.” Dean mentioned he already declared beforehand he wasn't going to go on the trip, it seemed both Cas and Dean were not in the boat to be going to any as of now.
Billie tried to get through the sigil by continuously banging on the door. The sigil will not stay forever and she's very ready to kill both Dean and Cas. The two people she has her mindset on, the original plan was to kill Dean but the annoying angel wouldn't let her so easily and if both of them aren’t alive in the story, it might make her chances a lot better
Sam burned up, from head to toe, the immense anger boiling off inside him was too much. The feeling of empathy was almost gone, the mark pulsed on his stomach simultaneously enough to make Sam groan from the annoyance. When he noticed Jack reached towards him, he raised his own hand to stop Jack from trying to touch his shoulder “don't, not now Jack... not now” This was a win, a big win...but they still had so much work to do
Jack’s eyes gently squeezed each other and he squinted, tilting his head to the side and eyes wandering on the map table trying to busy his mind with anything else but worrisome thoughts.
Dean watched Jack close the book, he had both of his hands on the chair in front of him. He had his hands propped there just looking around a little. He didn’t pop any other questions but Dean was actually happy that Jack would come with him. He removed his hands from the back of the seat and stood straight back up. “No, I haven't been able to get a hold of him in a whole week, He doesn't want to talk” Dean grumbled, he still sounded a little angry that Sam wouldn't talk to him, he isn't going to pay attention to that for a very long time, “I think this whole thing might level out over some time” Dean even knows deep down that's not the way it works- but he's trying to hope
The two brothers from a completely parallel universe were passable to trick god when thinking they were at the bunker. Since the case is done the original Dean and original Sam having a drink with their alternate universe selves. After their small talk, it was time for the other two to actually leave this world. Dean was close to the staircase with Sam and the other versions of themselves. Even though the alternate universe versions are greedy, needy, and a bit annoying. Dean fairly had a good time learning about them, and now it was time to say goodbye to them.
Dean listened to Cas, he's still trying to process everything that did happen the other day even from time to time he thought deeply about it. Dean didn't say anything in response to him when the angel mentioned him meaning a lot to Cas, he did take note of what he said, but he isn't going to bring attention to it. He's a bit focused on getting over what happened, not a heart to heart conversation. He looked at Cas when he was about to explain something they needed to discuss but they were interrupted by Sam like usual, also, on time as well. Dean got up from his seat before he walked over to his brother “Yeah what's up?” Dean was quick to reply, Cas and Dean spoke to each other very little but he'll maybe save the conversation for another time or whenever they get the chance to. That isn't Dean's worries right now, that's way behind what he needs to focus on right now
The rest of the night. Dean didn't pay mind to what happened, he already convinced himself that this wasn't going to work out after all. The hunter went to the main part of the bunker when he left Baby, he didn't speak with the angel as per usual. Dean took a seat at one of the tables. Conveniently there was the whiskey from the other night. Dean thought, screw it. He left the table for a second to get a glass and the alcohol, the hunter took a seat before he got himself a little. Dean looked at the table, he glanced over and found that the box with the pie is still there. He looked around to make sure no one else was present in the bunker, or at least in the same part as him. He moved his hand over to drag the box back to himself; He traced his fingers around the box before he opened it.
The Hunter’s fingers were closer to his mouth while he listened to the explanation about the idea of him carrying on even without the angel. That would've been hard to do. Dean felt a sharp sting with every single sentence, it felt like a blade slowly easing through his bare flesh every single second, and he would even know what it felt like. He wanted to leave the main part of the bunker right now. Dean watched Cas take a sip of his whiskey, Dean got up from his seat immediately, he moved the chair back in place. “I guess something to do with wanting to stay alive is all that would matter in this world” Dean simply said, he was about to kind of get angry, a bit more sorrowful than angry, he's quick with his movements, He literally was about to ramble on. “I thought-” Dean paused right there, he wasn't going to continue. His eyes were already brimmed with fresh tears and he wasn't going to break down then and there. Not in front of Cas. Even after everything, it was always about living, it was always about surviving, Dean tore his eyes away from the angel before he departed from the table. He's done for tonight. He got what he needed, and he thought he knew deep down. But it turned out, he was wrong the whole time. Purgatory, he wanted to say something, but he didn't get to.
