“Yeah, well…” He squirmed a little. “Emma invited the Novaks. They’ve had a rough year. Figured I couldn’t serve them chopped and formed turkey nuggets.”
“Sorry, didn’t think about that part. I was just trying to get it done. Well, the heavier ones probably have your books in them, and the lighter ones will tend to be clothes and bedding. The ones that make a lot of noise are things that weren’t packed as carefully as they should have been.”
Dean grabs two bottles of beer from the bottom shelf of the refrigerator, opening both of them, then bringing them with him back to the living room. Cas hasn’t seated himself yet. He’s pacing, almost growling.
All of that was overwhelming. He didn’t know how to properly thank them, but he could make them dinner. Hopefully they’d understand at least a little of what that meant.
Images flicked through his mind at that reminder — red and blue-black, a confrontation between huge dragonkin, so violent that the ground shook. “The dragons.”
“Oh. Dean.” He climbed down the ladder he’d been standing on, catching himself when one foot slid off of a rung. “They are holders for the flowers. They’re filled with a mix of water and a solution that prolongs the blooms. When the flowers arrive tonight they’ll all get filled.”
Even now Castiel thought there were things that Dean wasn’t telling him. He wasn’t sure whether or not to push. He valued personal privacy a great deal, and yet Dean had pulled him into this, whatever it was.
Just that easily Cas joined the Quest for the Most Divine Lunch, as she’d started calling it. That first day Charlie gave Dean a look that surely must have inspired that saying about the cat that got the canary.
Cas chokes on nothing. Did Gabe really just suggest… Of course he did. He shakes his head to clear it. These next few days ought to be entertaining, with Gabe doing everything in his power to be outrageous, while their cousins fall for it hook, line and sinker.
Those sorts of thoughts were dangerous. He had no business even musing about such things. Hadn’t that proved a massive mistake before? The greatest disaster of his life, and one that he was still paying for in countless ways. He’d thought he was past such things.
“I’m not skittish about relationships. Just don’t want to settle.” And damn, he hadn’t meant to say anything along those lines. Sam just had a way of getting him feeling defensive, and then he word vomited things he had no intention of sharing.
“No, it doesn’t include living rooms and parlors,” Cas answers. “It’s been some time since I’ve been here.”
Dean shuddered. “Counterproductive there, yes. Okay. We won’t want to go far. But outside. Down by the water?”
Dean nods at that. He knows Chuck and Becky fairly well, and he’s at least met all three of Cas’ siblings at some point or another.
Cas sat down and handed Dean the remote. “Start the movie. We will discuss your interpretation after it’s over.”
Castiel looked at the wood and spoke the words again. This time he felt something inside when it happened, nearly impossible to describe. The closest he could come was to call it a surge of intent, emanating from his core and pushing outwards towards the object of his focus.
Dean stood beside Cas, outside, a safe distance from the house. The sleeves of his plaid work shirt were rolled up to the elbow. Cas worked very hard to not pay excessive attention to his bare forearms, or the way the muscles and tendons were so beautifully defined.
Anyhow. Dean doesn’t happen to own any eye-color-popping tee shirts, and even if he did, odds were high they’d have little rips and tears in them. He wears scrubs at work. He doesn’t have to have a business professional wardrobe.
Dean. Cas chewed on his lower lip. It was just as well, he supposed, that Dean was married with a baby. Cas hadn’t seen a wedding ring, but that meant nothing. Doing physical labor as Dean did, surely wearing a ring could be dangerous, or at the very least risk marring the ring itself. Far better to leave something like that at home.
“Huh.” Well. Maybe that was a good thing? Lord Michael would be, must be, furious, but even so. It might be a good thing. Almost certainly was a good thing.
“As far as cleaning up the mess others made, yes. I’ve never performed such a ritual myself.” He bit his lower lip as he read through Cas’ notes.
Cas pulls Dean forward. “Grandmother. I’d like to introduce you to my boyfriend,” he says, barely stuttering over the word. Dean’s impressed that he actually manages to say it. He thought for sure he’d go with something more innocuous, like ‘date’ or maybe ‘guest’. But Cas is the one that wants to sell the relationship thing in the first place. Nice of him to be making the effort. “This is Dean Winchester. You may have heard the name before; we’ve known each other since college, and have been living together as roommates.”
He did. He really, really did. He could feel it. Undeniable. Light and heavy at the same time. He wanted to go on another date with Castiel. He wanted to see that smile again. He wanted to share a milkshake again. He wanted Castiel to put his hand on Dean’s cheek and hold him steady and lean in and kiss him. He wanted it so much it felt like a twist of painful energy inside him. His skin prickled where he could imagine Castiel touching it.
And Castiel’s human heart is pounding at that tone in his voice, that look on his face, because it feels as though – tentatively – they could be talking about the same thing. The longer Castiel watches Dean’s face, the more he sees it. There are the little flickers of denial, uncertainty, in the way Dean’s eyes narrow for a half-moment. And then there again is the rise of hope in the depth of Dean’s gaze, the openness.
At least with Castiel, though, there was no bullshit. There was none of the cold, shuddery feeling of being around other people at the party. Just watching Castiel stand there was somehow a frustrating relief, like seeing sparks and feeling heat in a room full of smoke and mirrors. Something a little bit real. A flare of warmth ran under Dean’s skin when he caught Castiel’s honest, direct gaze, and that was real too. Dean wanted to chase that feeling.
He tried to drift off, but sleep wouldn’t come. The urge to look back over his shoulder at Dean was insistent. Would Dean be looking at him? Would Dean meet his eyes? Castiel’s thoughts were wanting to play out the same old scenarios – he’d used to imagine at college that Dean would burst in the door of one of his lectures, grab his hand, and pull him out of the room in front of everyone murmuring and staring. And the two of them would only get as far as the corridor outside the lecture hall before Dean would swing around to face him and Castiel would put his hands on Dean’s shoulders and gently but firmly push him back against the wall, and then –
The kiss was soft, easy, tentative. Sweet. And then it wasn’t soft or sweet, but still remarkably easy. Dean’s fingers slid into Cas’ hair, mussing it up even more. Damn, but the man could kiss. His mouth was hot velvet, his flavor cinnamon and honey.
Dean shivered, feeling a well of potential. He was content, for now, to let it stay at that. Potential, until that date next week.
Dean looked down at himself. “Not so sure about that, but yes. Thank you, that would be appreciated.”
“Hey, look what I found.” Dean held up an immense lollipop, coiled hard candy in bright neon stripes.
“I would just leave such things, if I needed to. Honestly, I can get by for now with just my bedroom, my office, and the kitchen.”
But then, he hadn’t cared so much about what was at stake. He took an elbow to his cheekbone, a heel to his kneecap, but he didn’t let go. He didn’t give up. Finally he managed to pin the man under his body, remembering enough of the moves that Lucifer had used on him to get him in some sort of a wrestling hold.
Dean was working on a sales report for Adler one day when a group chat window opened up on his computer from Charlie. He clicked ‘join’, and saw Cas joined as well.
Cas leaned forward, placed his fingers lightly against the hinge of Dean’s jaw. “That sounds… very promising.” His voice dropped into an even lower register as he leaned forward and brushed a soft kiss against Dean’s mouth.
He started talking about them, answering Dean’s questions as they went. When two plates appeared on the table, just inside his peripheral vision, he blinked in surprise. “The burgers are here already?”
When the sun reached its zenith Dean chunked his shovel deep into the earth and leaned back. “Time for lunch,” he declared, not leaving Cas any room for argument. “This is hot and thirsty work.”
Once upon a time, Castiel had been enamored of fairy tales and the stories of the fantastic, back when his mother had still been alive and would settle him beside her and read those stories aloud to him. He’d dreamed of a world of wonder and beauty. He’d even been convinced, until he was old enough to know better (hurt enough to become disillusioned), that she’d created visions of pretty flowers and fantastical birds to sing him to sleep.
After a long, dazzling moment, Dean leaned back once more, met Cas’ gaze. His green eyes were soft, his pupils wide. His lips were flushed and even more plump than usual. Cas felt a jolt slide through his body, leaving tingles in its wake.
Oh. Voice recognition. “Hey Siri,” he said in a shaky voice, never so happy to hear the beep of response as in that moment. “Call 911.”
He moved into the shadows, wrapping himself in the darkness. Castiel could still see where he was, but only by enhancing his vision towards his dragon form. As a human, Walker was indistinguishable from the walls.
Cas flushes, because… well, because that’s entirely true. He does love them, but a professional architect should not be seen in an old t-shirt with potentially polarizing statements emblazoned on them. “Yes, I’m wearing actual pajamas. Almost my entire family is here right now.”
Castiel eyed the cash on his desk, already regretting this. Still… his gaze drifted back to the book. He nodded once. “Acceptable.”
“Answer me something, Cas. Do you really think this thing is a good policy? Or are you just being a good employee and toeing the party line? There’s quite a distance between people dating that met at work and bona fide sexual harassment.”
The warmth that filled Cas’ chest at that question was somewhat alarming. He shouldn’t be so grateful that Dean understood he didn’t want to deal with it. Deliveries were chaos, and chaos could set him on edge for hours, completely destroying his productivity. “Yes, please, that would be very kind of you.”
“I looked, yeah, while you were upstairs the other day. There’s an old wreck that’s missing two wheels and is half rusted out. Even if you could get it running I wouldn’t trust it. You need something reliable.” Then he grinned. “Reliable, but stylish. Maybe something red with some zip to it. Low-slung and sexy.”
Haltingly at first, then more smoothly, Dean told him everything. Sam refrained, probably with great difficulty, from telling him what he should have done differently with the Bela situation. Dean was grateful for that.
There was a fleeting look in Gabriel’s eyes, somewhere between pity and understanding, which Castiel didn’t want to acknowledge. He didn’t want Gabriel’s pity, though his understanding and concern… well, it was quite possible that Gabriel was the only one who bothered to care, and Castiel treasured that.
Cas laughed. “Yes. She would. I would like that. Do you think she’ll be pleased with this development?” He gestured vaguely between the two of them.
“At my grandmother’s estate. When you put it that way, yes, I suppose so. With the added obligation of trying to maintain a certain level of pleasantry around relations I rarely see.”
He rubbed his temples, feeling the beginnings of a headache. It might help if he could shift into his dragon form, but that wasn’t an option, not in this decidedly human-scaled apartment. Even if he was outside he wouldn’t risk it. Michael would undoubtedly sense the presence of another dragon, and he would have no opportunity to get back inside the palace once the dragon ruler knew he was there. His only course of action was to remain in human form until it was time to leave. That element of the unexpected was critical to their success.
“Heya, Cas. Smells awesome. What are we making tonight?” He walked right into the kitchen and up to the stove, where Cas was stirring some meat mixture in a frypan. The kitchen was small but tidy. The walls were painted a cheerful buttery yellow, with red and black accents. There were plenty of mismatched elements too. The cookie jar was a monstrously ugly thing – a porcelain vase of flowers, the vase a horrible sickly green, and the flowers badly formed. But Cas had gotten it for his last birthday from Claire, who found it at a neighbor’s garage sale, and it therefore held pride of place in the kitchen.
“Uh huh. Seriously, though, you should do something. Outside of your working relationship. You like the guy. Friends, at least. Do you know if he’s open to guys?”
Annoyed, he shut the car door more firmly than he normally would, and headed around towards the back of the house.
“Uh huh.” Sam reached out to touch the unfinished panel. The wood was partially carved out, the design drawn on the surface with a carpenter’s pencil. He drew his finger along the lines of the background honeycomb, design, then the central bee. Dean’s carving tools rested alongside the block of wood with curls of wood shavings.
Castiel smiled slightly. “I have been considering that. It would make sense to equip a workspace first, at least to minimum specifications so that I might carry on my writing. Beyond that, the kitchen, though I understand kitchen remodels can be quite time consuming and quite expensive. This space is quite small and awkwardly laid out. I imagine it was fine for the time it was built, but kitchen appliances have changed drastically over the last century.”
Castiel nodded. “I’m sorry,” he said. “It was just… Michael was angry, and so was Luc, and the news was unexpected. I reacted poorly.”
“I don’t… I mean, yeah, but like, no,” Dean said. “Look, I’m just gonna go. I’m sorry for… whatever the hell this was, and –”
“Yeah?” Dean replied, trying to sound as though he wasn’t in the middle of the best crisis he’d had in forever. “It’s better when they mix them… in the store, you know.”
Castiel arched an eyebrow, quite clearly offering Dean’s choice of movie the same judgement. Dean tried to stare him down, but eventually caved and looked sideways for a second, the corner of his lips quirking in a small smile.
He saw something clear on Cas’ face, as though something that had been weighing on him had suddenly been lifted.
Dean dropped his wrench, wiping his hands on his orange overalls and closing up the hood of the old Nissan that he was working on. He hadn’t noticed the time passing, but now that he stopped working and thinking about Cas for two seconds, he realised he was starving.
But still, when he’d finished dressing, Castiel found himself looking down at it in the palm of his hand. He hadn’t bothered to open his curtains, so it only glinted slightly in the bedroom’s dull light. He held the ring, watching it. He should leave it behind. There was no point to bringing it today. No point in keeping it close. If someone found it, it didn’t matter. The worst damage that it could do had already been done, and the royal wedding was still going ahead.
They reached the door of the breakfast room, and Dean went to open it; before he could get to it, though, it flew open, and Charlie froze to a halt in the doorway.
Castiel set his jaw. He kept his hand soft. The butterfly opened and closed its wings, and he felt the brush of Jess’ touch against two of his fingertips. He was on fire on the inside, immolating. Outside, he was marble.
oooooh, this one is a BIG CHUNKY FRIEND. A REAL LOVELY THICC FRIEND. I hope you enjoy my dudes!! The next chapter goes up next Friday, the 7th June. <3
“Dean…” Castiel said. Dean moved a little closer to him to be able to hear him properly. “I… I thought things were going well today. I was enjoying myself a lot and it does feel strange that you weren’t thinking of it as a date, but you asked if it could be one, and – if that wasn’t a joke, then maybe we could…”
“Not really,” Donna said, tilting his chin up to check she’d given him an even coverage. “He gives most of it away, and by most of it, I really mean most of it. He pays us and he has a nice little place to live with good security, and the rest goes to his charities.”
And then one of his strong arms was around Castiel’s waist, pulling him in closer. And Castiel was being kissed, kissed deeply, kissed like he knew a kiss between him and Dean would always be –
“Well, hiya!” said an exceptionally cheerful voice, as Dean poked his head through the first open door he found leading off the corridor. The owner of the voice looked down to his label. “Nice to meet you… oh, so you’re Dean!”
“Castiel’s money,” Cas said, as though that meant it wasn’t his, and Dean blinked to focus on listening to him. “From the tour and sales, things like that. Or from the views on that viral video, if you want to think about it that way. You waived all right to payment in your contract -”
He looked over at Cas, just a half-glance away from the road - but it was enough to see Cas’ eyes flicker away quickly to stare out the window.
“The one with the cakes?” Dean said, and Castiel nodded. Dean’s expression lifted just a little. “I swear to god, they did put something in them.”
the blue lit up and happy enough to crack in two, suddenly, as though being in Dean’s space, dancing out here in the cold and empty parking lot to the sound of Bruce Springsteen from inside was everything he’d ever wanted.
Sam found them not long after, still in his best man’s suit. Castiel saw him come in and lock eyes with his brother across the room, and then take long strides to cover the distance between them, pulling Dean into a rough hug.
“Heard of it, yeah.” He worked for the Dragon Overlord of North America. Of course he’d heard of the Walker Wing.
“Yes. I overheard him speaking with the Director. It seems that he’s a collector of rare books, and potentially interested in making a substantial donation to the museum, both of some books from his personal collection and a financial donation in exchange for naming the collection after him. He wishes to speak with you, as our resident expert in old books written in dead languages.”
“Not right now. He went to Topeka to get some more new linens, and I believe he mentioned something about a vacuum cleaner made in this century.”
“Yeah. Place is all tight and cozy now, nothing major needed for repairs. Anything else… well. We haven’t started anything on the kitchen yet. Just made it so that the electricity isn’t likely to blow on you if you try turning on more than two things at once. Don’t know if you want to move right into the remodeling stuff, or if you want to take a little while to live with the place, decide more what you want to do.”
Dean can feel the gazes of the various guests watching as he and Cas make their way to their seats, near the front. He smiles back at them, knowing the two of them make a striking picture. Cas is gorgeous, especially all spiffed up in his suit, and Dean knows he cleans up good. He gives his best smile to the ones who are looking all judgmental.
Before Cas realized it, more than two hours passed while sorting through boxes, discussing literature with Dean and finding the occasional sweets.
. That’s some of what we need to be able to pull off if you want to convince your family that we’re actually together, not just friends.” He pauses a long moment. “There may need to be kissing.” Dean hopes he sounds casual enough, matter-of-fact enough despite the loud pounding of his heart. As though kissing Cas was just something he’d have to do in the service of their charade… not something he may have fantasized about in the past. Repeatedly. For years.
“Oh wow, look at the time,” Dean exclaimed. “I gotta get going here. I’ve got another appointment this afternoon.”
Dean looks at him dubiously, but obeys. He turns on the music, leans back into the seat. When the plane starts moving his pulse rate accelerates and he grips the arms of the seat. Cas taps his hand, then opens his hand, palm up, toward Dean.
He shrugged one shoulder. “Just hoping, I guess. Besides, I haven’t been in town long, so I haven’t met many people.”
They didn’t stay all that long, which Cas was grateful for. More people started arriving, and Cas was starting to feel his shoulders tense.
He leveraged himself off of the sofa, grunting as the movement pulled at his wound. Dean scratched his belly before tugging the soft, worn t-shirt back into place. He looked through the peephole in the door.
Cas can feel himself turning red. Having Dean and Gabe together in the same room is always, always dangerous.
“If you have time, sometime, you might find its recent history interesting. Before it came here, ‘The Flight’ was held in a community called Enoch River.”
“As if I could ‘do’ anyone else.” He replayed that in his head. “That didn’t come out the way I intended.”
“Not yet, but he should be soon. He was out at Hester Albright’s place, meeting with her great nephew about the terms of the will.”
When they get to the enormous doorway leading into the dining room, he reaches forward and catches Cas’ hand in his, lacing their fingers together and stroking his thumb over Cas’ knuckles.
“Sure, that sounds great.” Once the three of them all had drinks, Dean excused himself to get started on whatever he was planning to work on today.
Mrs. Crombie looked around his office. “Good luck,” she said, then smiled tightly on her way to the door. “You’ll need it.”
“Yes,” Cas confirms, sounding uncertain and even a little embarrassed. “It’s rather ostentatious, I know.”
Cas took an involuntary half step backwards, alarm spiking through his veins even though he knew everything was okay. It was okay. It had to be okay.
“Okay.” Dean heads over, through the living room to the small adjacent room. It was probably intended to be a formal dining room, but neither Dean nor Cas are formal dining room types of people. They eat at the kitchen table or in the living room with the TV on, plates either balanced on their laps or sitting on the coffee table in front of the sofa.
“What are you doing for New Year’s?” she asked, leaning back into the sofa and resting her stockinged feet on the edge of the coffee table.
She rolled her eyes. “Hell no, Dean-o. You’re cute and all, but you’re totally not my type. You’ve got all the wrong equipment.” When his look revealed more confusion than understanding, she clarified. “I’m a lesbian. So unless you’re secretly a woman, you aren’t ever going to do it for me. Maybe not even then, because it takes more than just gender to create attraction, y’know?”
Cas opened the door and sat down behind the wheel. There was something soft about Cas’ expression as he placed his hands at the classic ten and two position, adjusted the rear view mirror, and pulled the seatbelt into place. He turned towards Dean then. “I like it.”
After a meal consisting of food left over from the gathering after the funeral, Castiel traced his hand over the spines of the books in Great Aunt Hester’s library, pulling one at random and bringing it with him to the front room, settling into a wing chair upholstered with roses and with a lace antimacassar draped over the back. It too smelled a little musty, with a faint lingering fragrance of lily of the valley.
Cas heard Dean go to the door, and a moment later the truck trundled off down the gravel drive. Then there was the distinctive sound of Dean’s work boots ascending the stairs.
“It might. The person I got it from believed it was vitally important. He paid for his belief. Look… I don’t know a lot about how translations work. Is it important to take it all in sequence? Could you, I don’t know, do just enough on each section to get a sense what it’s about, then bring that to me and I’ll tell you what to prioritize? I’ll double the payment. Time is important. I don’t have months.” He tapped his fingers on his thigh. “I may not even have weeks.”
Seven o’clock, and a mere delay was no longer a reasonable explanation. Something had happened to detain Dean.
There wouldn’t be any other Novak dragonkind within five hundred miles. It was too risky. There might, possibly, be some of their human Wing.
“Something like that.” The dryness in Sam’s tone was the answer he was looking for. So not an Act of God, but rather a raid by one Wing against another -- and most likely by Lord Michael against a rival.
Castiel rolled his eyes. “Acquiring a car can wait a little while. I have you for now, and I believe I will be able to get purchases delivered.” He didn’t like the idea of strangers coming up to his door, but it was preferable to going out and shopping himself. This was a small town. Everything he’d ever read or heard indicated that people in small towns were much more nosy and curious about new neighbors than those in the large city he was accustomed to. He’d still be the object of curiosity and gossip if he stayed here, but at least he wouldn’t have to hear any of it, nor would he have to constantly decide whether or not the people he talked to were trustworthy. Theoretically they should be, but how could he be sure? It’s not like the untrustworthy people wore signs indicating their morals and motivations.
Just because the guy was by far the hottest person he’d seen at Sandover in his month on the job… or, hell, in this town since he moved here. Just because Cas had runner’s thighs that were obvious even in the loose-fitting trousers he wore… and of course that voice and those eyes. None of that had any bearing on his antagonism towards the policy.
“We did,” Dean agreed. “Because there is going to be absolutely no question from any side whether or not I took advantage of you in a vulnerable state. And being tipsy counts as being vulnerable.”
When they’d finished, they decided to head back to Castiel’s home for further research. Castiel shivered when he stepped outside again. The wind had picked up from the harbor. Perhaps he should have taken his favorite blue wool scarf. Clouds had rolled in as well, so it was dark despite the nearness of the full moon.
Castiel angled his head around the door frame to spot the lawyer. He was tall, very tall. Castiel himself was taller than his brothers, just a little in the case of Michael and Luc, more so with Gabriel, but this man was at least half a head taller, with hair longer than he would have expected from a conservative lawyer. He did at least anticipate that the man was young, based on his brothers’ earlier conversation. He had a friendly smile, and a sort of loose-limbed way of moving that may have been related to his size.
Winchester nodded. “Yeah. Yes. But I figured you might have gotten at least a bit done, right? Enough to get a first take on what it is.” He settled back in the chair with a studied casualness, but a tension in his shoulders belied the posture.
He needed to be past such things. Feelings of every sort were a nuisance at best, a crippling weakness at worst.
Cas felt his cheeks and the back of his neck go warm. He wasn’t lying, not exactly. Everything he’d said was truthful, including his enjoyment of the field. There was something fascinating about the commonality of certain symbolic elements across different cultures, and likewise fascinating about how the meanings evolved. But he was well aware of the implication in his words that his scholarly works were the sole source of his income. That simply wasn’t true, nor was it even more true than false. His fiction works brought in a far more generous income. It might even be enough to renovate this house without having to draw on the inheritance from Great Aunt Hester.
Castiel hummed softly, absently, as he skimmed through the book. It appeared to be a history of some kind, though he couldn’t tell immediately of whom. “I don’t think they would be, but I can make an inquiry on your behalf.”
“No pie until after dinner,” Dean reminded her with a laugh. “Okay, I’ll go next. Hm. I’m thankful for Emma, and Claire, and Cas. For other family, even if they can’t be here with us today.” He felt a pang at that, but it wasn’t tinged with bitterness like it had been before.
Ms. Haversham resumed the brief tour of the area they’d be working in over the next two days, but Castiel paid only enough attention to make sure he didn’t stand out again. Getting this position as part of the floral team hadn’t been easy--and another opportunity like this one wouldn’t come up any time soon. He glanced back towards the vast antechamber doors, distress at the idea of ‘The Flight’ being so proudly displayed making his slow temper start to burn.  He shoved his hands into the pockets of his black trousers, wincing as he felt the pocket rip inside.
As he stared at the screen, something caught his eye. Dean sat forward on his sofa, gripping his laptop as he scrolled down further. Another message.
singers, people who were professionals in the business and judges, just to get another man’s number? Was this what he’d become? Was this the guy he wanted to be?
“No. It’s alright.” Castiel set down his milkshake in his cupholder. “I feel like a mess, too. I don’t know what I’m doing.”
And Castiel thinks perhaps he understands. This thing between them, the way that Castiel feels, it’s – it’s alive, it’s wider and deeper than the sky. It’s everything. And they’re supposed to, what, kiss about it? As though it were the end of a fairy tale? The end of a second date?
Phones were out. Eyes were judging. Dean tugged on the collar of the shirt he’d worn yesterday, and pushed a hand through his greasy hair.
“We have to go to Charlie,” Castiel said, half an hour later. Jo was sitting on the sofa in the corner of Dean’s room, scrolling on her phone, while Dean and Castiel paced in front of her.
“Definitely,” Cas said. They stood up together, and left it behind - all of it, Charlie’s carelessness and Jody’s constant attitude of vague disapproval and even Hannah’s keen intensity, they left it at the table and walked away through the crowd, out and away from the blaring music and the sparkling lights and the cheering for another song.
Castiel opened the door, and sure enough, Dean went to speak and then stopped, and slowly took in what Castiel was wearing. His gaze travelled up and down, and then he looked into Castiel’s eyes.
“I…” Dean swallowed hard. How to explain it? How to put it into words? When he’d asked Castiel if they could make it a date, Castiel had looked at him as though he really had lied and been blue and giant-headed all along.
” Cas sang softly. He reached for Dean’s hand, and Dean could feel his own face go soft and surprised and happy. “
And even if Castiel’s compliment hadn’t been genuine, which it probably hadn’t, Dean would be able to shove it in his face at the end of the day when he wasn’t the only one with a high rating.
In fact, he’d seen that the wards were down in the first place, and he’d come in to help whoever was inside, before he’d even met Castiel.
Sam was nowhere to be seen, but that wasn’t surprising – on their trip over, he’d spent the entire flight up front in the cockpit with the pilots. Charlie was sitting over next to Dean, facing Gordon and Ash. Ed, Harry, and Garth had filled another set of four seats that faced each other, the spare chair filled by a big bag with a bottle of wine poking out of the top.
“Ain’t a question of putting up with it,” Bobby said, and seemed to want to say more, but didn’t. There was something a little off-balance about him, something worried. Dean reached out and clapped his shoulder, the orange overalls a familiar texture under his palm.
“Yeah, I… you too,” Dean said. He could feel himself starting to grin, as what had just happened started to sink in. He’d just made out with Castiel in the street. Castiel, who looked completely soaked through, his hair sticking up in all directions, his coat dark and heavy-looking – Castiel, who also looked so incandescently happy that it was unmissable.
And when he’d noticed Dean in his class, he’d decided to go and see Dean’s in return. Yes, probably just to make him squirm, as a warning not to keep creeping. But possibly,
A month of silence later, Castiel had received his official invitation. It had been unpersonalised. Castiel didn’t know what he’d been expecting – it wasn’t as though Corelian weddings involved a lot of pageantry. There weren’t even bridesmaids or groomsmen, just a maid of honour and a best man, and of course Dean’s best man would be Sam. And it wasn’t as though Castiel could have stood to actually play a part in the wedding, anyway. Even still, the anonymity of the invitation had hurt him so badly that he’d stopped messaging Dean, stopped turning up to the Palace to try to catch him. He’d given up.
He settled for ducking his head to hide the slight smile he couldn’t repress, and the hurt that he knew had to be showing in his eyes. How did this feel so good and so bad all at once?
Dean almost wanted to laugh. He almost wanted to leap through the screen to where Castiel was. He definitely wanted to shut his laptop and throw it out the nearest window.
Dean could feel his world crumbling. No – no, not his world. Just some parts of it. Just the spiky, painful, horrible part of it that had grown up twisted and aching because of Castiel ditching him.
Nothing had changed – the barn was just how Castiel remembered it. On the far side of the building was another door, opening out onto the street beyond: that was how Dean had managed to get two cars in here, a wide old 1961 Pontiac Bonneville with her roof down, and her sibling, a 1967 Chevy Impala in black.
“Well, if you’re sure,” she said. She was looking at him askance, as though she knew something was up with him, and Dean swallowed nervously.
Dean’s jaw was tight. He raised his own left hand. A matching gold ring twinkled innocently in the light.
He stepped out of the closet. Together, he and Dean moved across the landing, with Castiel pausing to peer into the bedroom and the bathroom. Nothing, other than the wards hanging where they had been before he’d removed them.
Castiel didn’t know what to say. His head was thudding. The sense of there being something important that he’d forgotten was growing.
“I don’t know what to do,” he said hoarsely. “I spent the whole day with her, I only just said goodnight. And she’s – she doesn’t deserve –”
The forest welcomed him with a burst of rustling leaves when he stepped out of his front door, dressed and fed.
Dean pressed his lips together. Castiel watched him, even as they kept walking down the path, risking tripping over a stone or stray tree root. Dean’s face was taut, full of that confusion and sadness that Castiel still didn’t understand.
“So, I got around to taking the thing down this morning in the extra hour awake you gave me.” Charlie glanced around them in the hallway, checking that no students were loitering near them long enough to overhear what she was saying. “I didn’t think it’d be anywhere near that fast. But turns out, the app’s coding was total garbage. I mean, it was like, there were tumbleweeds in there where the code should’ve been, pretty much. It looked pretty but nothing worked.”
Castiel shifted. Dean climbed into his bed, and Castiel reached up to put his hand to Dean’s cheek – to slide it through his hair – and then he stopped. There. On Dean’s head. Something that felt dry and smooth and almost soft, something that to Castiel’s questing fingers felt like little branches.
Dean looked for Cas, and found him. He was watching Dean, smiling so slightly that it seemed as though he wasn’t even aware of it - as though just seeing Dean was making him happy.
“And still glad she’s seeing less of you.” Jo passed Castiel, and gave him a small smile. “All okay?”
“Look at me, Cas,” Dean said. He stepped back a couple of paces, and held his hands out. “Look at me. What do you see?”
With a little clench in his gut, Castiel stepped under the cover of a dark doorway to get out of the rain, and pulled it out of his pocket. Dean’s name was on the screen, obviously. There was the usual leap of excitement, tinged with a familiar sinking feeling in his chest. Dean would probably be angry with him for leaving.
“Dean,” Castiel said, “Good morning.” He looked like he was going to say something else, but seemed to change his mind and went to sit over at his usual table with a mug of something that was gently steaming. Dean watched after him. Castiel retrieved a pen from his front pocket, and began to read what looked like an essay with his usual expression of intense concentration.
“Is that… if you need time to get used to this – to us – we don’t have to do anything,” Castiel said. “Right now, whatever you want, I want to do that.”
With a sigh, he put the pasta down, turned off the heat on the stove, and went to the freezer to retrieve the pizza he’d bought. He went to one of his boxes and found a knife, which he used to slit open the plastic packaging around the pizza. He’d hoped to store his frozen food in case of emergency – but
“Right. Well. Unless there’s anything else…?” Balthazar said, seemingly unfazed. Castiel wondered how many people he usually had traipsing through his doors, trying to unmake history. If he’d started rating them by hygiene, Castiel thought as he remembered the start of their conversation, probably a lot of them.
“No, I mean, you talking is helping,” Dean said. He felt muzzy, full of static, every moment punctuated by the thud of a too-loud heartbeat.
They carried their snacks further inside, heading for their screen, which was still all dark and mostly quiet. Dean had chosen tickets at the back, assuming that Sam would be the one to come along, and Dean would be able to use the relative emptiness of the seats around them to be able to pelt his brother with mostly-unwanted trivia about the movie without bothering any of the other people at the screening. Sam wasn’t here, though. It was with Castiel that Dean sat down, and looked out over the all but empty theatre.
“Thanks for telling me. About all of it.” Dean felt the wraparound iron bars constraining his chest ease their hold a touch. Whatever Sam thought about Dean’s singing, he was okay with Dean being bi, and that was the bigger battle. Everything else was a side-note to the main event.
“Someone looks lost,” said a voice from behind him. Castiel’s head jerked round, and his eyes lit up. Dean was striding through the trees towards him, a grin on his face. “You know your house is about twenty paces back that way, right?”
Dean pressed his lips together hard for a second. It was messing him up that Castiel remembered something so small about him as the kitchen island thing. Who remembered that about someone they didn’t think was special? Someone they didn’t actually care much about?
Dean stared at the ring in Castiel’s hand, clearly taken aback. He swallowed, and Castiel watched the anger leave him.
He typed out a follow-up email that he hoped was phrased with enough polite urgency to get them to understand the seriousness of the situation without thinking he was just a rude asshole. If the annulment didn’t come through before the next day, what then? Would Dean be guilty of bigamy?
“I’m sorry,” Mary said one more time, and then turned away to face the palace worker waiting for her. “What is it,” she said, as she stepped away.
The reaction was instant. Guests drew in gasps, Conversations flared to life. Garth knocked into Castiel, and then Gordon put one hand on his shoulder. Mary was stock still in her seat, her attempt to stand aborted by Dean’s words.
He made himself a bowl of cereal, and sat down to eat it. In the same place as the day before, he pulled out his phone again to check his social media. Only two days, he thought, but it could become a routine, doing this. He would be okay with it being his routine. Waking up, and coming downstairs to fix himself breakfast in the quiet kitchen with the sunlight pouring gold through the windows, while inside him happiness grew warmer every day.
It's CRUNCH TIME FRIENDS and by that I clearly mean it's time to crunch on some biscuits, or cookies, or whatever you'd like to call them, because when we settle in to read a bit of fanfic it's nice to have a little snick-snack to accompany us. I'm going to be taking a short hiatus from posting just while I work on getting my DCBB draft ready for the deadline, so the next chapter will go up in two weeks' time on Friday 3rd August! <3
“Sure.” Dean stood up, wondering if it was too forward to want to take Castiel’s hand again as they left. It probably was, if Castiel wasn’t initiating it. Dean made up for it by walking a little closer to Castiel than he normally would, just so it felt as though they were moving together as a unit through the theatre, out into the main entrance and then through the doors to the outside world.
“No, just…” Dean got ahold of himself. “The chilis are part of this thing… it’s like a rating thing. The students rate us on how hot we all are. And you’ve got the highest rating in the school.”
“No,” said blond Nick Munroe. “Not strippers. Probably a little something stronger than our drinks, right? Those Poison Bomb drinks weren’t enough for you?”
Thinking about that made Castiel’s teeth clench. He really did want to hit a wall. He could imagine the satisfaction of the punch. It would probably hurt his hand a lot more than the wall, but it would be something. And something, anything, would surely be better than just walking down the early-morning street next to Dean as though nothing was wrong.
Six hours later when they arrived at the airport in Mariport, capital city of United Corelia, the weather outside the plane was beautiful. A soft dawn painted the sky outside the plane windows pink and orange with strands of purple cloud.
“You… you sing well,” Cas said, and looked down at his shoes as though knowing it was inadequate. Dean swallowed.
“Sam brought you here,” Dean said. Castiel looked over at him. Dean was kneeling on the ground, his four legs folded beneath him. As Castiel watched, the muscles in his animal torso shifted under the fur.
He said it off-handedly, but Castiel had seen the proof of it; he knew Dean would protect him, to the point of leaving Castiel in the safe and protected closet space under the spiders, and going to find the wards alone that would defend the house against the revenant. It was an odd sensation to be able to know for certain that he could trust Dean with his life, Castiel thought. To be able to look at him, standing there in the morning light with the sun spattered across his brown-blond hair and freckled skin, and feel it: the bond that it had forged, of trust. Something that he’d always looked for in his friendships, back in the city – he’d always wanted to know how far the people around him would go for him. And it was something that he had, now. With Dean.
“It didn’t feel that way,” he said. “It didn't feel like I was alone. I mean, sure, you were a little asshole, but I didn’t feel like I was on my own.”
“Some creatures are just like that,” he said. “Belief will shape you. Expectation, belief, whatever you wanna call it. Usually it’s kinda general. The belief’s like… like air, it’s all around, it’s just there. All the stories and things people say about a creature just kinda build up and then that’s what they look like.” Dean kicked at a rock on the path. “And then other times when you come into contact with a specific human, it’s less like air, more like a wind. Shaping you deliberately, like… individually.”
Castiel considered pushing the question he’d wanted to ask, but decided to drop it. He’d never found hard questioning to be a good way to get answers out of Dean, anyway.
“I think you should do what feels right,” she said. “That’s all. If that means you wanna keep trying out new things and figuring it all out and stuff, cool. I’m here for it. But you don’t need it.” She looked up at him, her expression more serious than Dean had ever seen it. She looked awkward with it, but determined. “Deciding you wanna stop some old habits doesn’t mean you need to be a new person, okay. 'Cause you are interesting.”
“Good morning,” he said to his students. He cleared his throat. That hadn’t quite been deep enough. He tried to get his voice as low and gravelly as possible. “Uh, good morning.” That was closer to it. “Today, we’re going to be talking some more about robotics. I was very impressed by your presentations, but I want to give you even more, uh, even more insight into the marvels of this area of, uh, of study.”
hating you.” Cas looked at Dean, then, turned to face him. “Some people get to be themselves and show who they are without having to be brave. Without having to even stop to think about it. And we aren’t those people. And those people might not understand why it would be important for us to make ourselves real and understood and seen for who we are, with what we say and how we dress, and how we decorate our spaces…” He cleared his throat, and shrugged one shoulder, seeming to become suddenly self-conscious. “But that doesn’t mean we shouldn’t do it. Sorry, I - like I said, I’ve been thinking about this a lot.”
“Get up,” John called, and when Dean turned his head to look, he saw that his father was turning away to keep walking. Dean scrambled to his feet, hands out for balance. His hip ached – he’d landed on it.
Dean looked over at Charlie. Her bright red hair, impish face, expression of concern. For the first time since she’d arrived, Dean felt like he was actually with her. She was real. He was real. He exhaled.
“When you two were getting close, as kids,” Donna said. “We didn’t know… whether to try to stop it. Or at least talk to you about what it meant to be a Prince, and how Dean might not always be able to do what he wanted to do.”
“It’s not a good idea,” Castiel said, even though he knew he was going to say yes, just to needle Dean for a little longer.
There was a slight break in his voice, as if he was nervous, and it was for that more than anything that Dean lowered himself back into his seat.
And those clothes of Dean’s, the ones he always wore, the ones that always looked like Castiel expected – they were gone.
“I will not shut up,” said the hard-hat sharply. “I came down here because I was made aware that you were getting in the way of the saws and causing danger of injury. It was felt necessary to have someone higher up from legal on the site, strictly because of you. I travelled for an hour and a half to be here. I will
“Please,” Castiel said, silently. He wanted to move, wanted to run, but couldn’t. Could barely heave enough air inside his lungs to keep breathing. Her shadows were chasing into him, just as they had done in the house. He fought them back, fought them off. He was going to die here, he thought. He was going to die here in the middle of the forest. Stupidly. Unnecessarily. Would anyone even find him? Would Gabriel drive down here after a week of not hearing from him? Two weeks?
“Dean’ll send you the transcript, just so we’ve all got it for reference,” Charlie said. “Okay. I’m gonna sign off now. Bye, guys!”
When they sighed into Dean’s parking space beside his building, they both sat quietly for a few moments, as though unwilling to leave the painting and call it finished. Dean glanced over at Cas as the engine ticked, cooling down.
Dean stared at her for a second. She’d been paying far more attention to him than he’d given her credit for. Cared about him, to be seeing this stuff. He felt a surge of affection for her, at the same time as sticky embarrassment at being noticed.
“I’ve upset you,” she said. “Castiel, I’m sorry. I thought you knew about how the houses saw your connection with Dean.”
“You know, the… I mean, I did such a crappy job the first time. I wanted to…” Dean swallowed visibly, and then his expression hardened. “Fuck it,” he said.
Outside the movie theatre, Dean waited, trying not to crumple and tear the tickets in his hands out of nervousness. His stomach was twisting and twisting. He didn’t think he’d be able to choke down any popcorn even if Castiel did end up offering to get him some.
The next name was called; this time, Kevin Tran took to the stage. He grasped the microphone nervously. He looked so young out there - somehow younger than Patience. He had less of a presence on the stage; whether it was the floppy hair or just how he held himself, he looked so much more like a high schooler. Not necessarily a bad thing, Dean thought, given that he almost certainly really was a high schooler, and there was nothing wrong with looking like what you were.
Castiel used his body, turning Dean, pushing him back against the window and pressing in closer. The noise Dean made - he seemed to like the manhandling. And Castiel liked the noise.
It was when he was only a few steps away that his foot hit a patch of black ice. His arms went out, struggling to balance him – Castiel moved forward, one hand out – Dean reached for him on instinct, grasping his arm, his body relaxing in obvious expectation of Castiel being able to pull him upright –
He can work with that. He’s had to deal with it before. Not often. Dean’s usually the one that has some sort of emotional crisis. Cas is the steady one, the reasonable one, the logical one. Dean’s temper gets him into trouble now and then.
Dean’s smile was bright and happy, his green eyes shining with excitement. “Steven Emmanuel’s next book has a release date. Not until September, but still. I’m really excited. It’s supposed to be the first book in a new trilogy, following Alek’s story.”
“Yes. I am Zachariah Adler, JD. I require access to all records related to one…” He checked his notes. “Hester Albright, and the husband who predeceased her.”
They continued to talk about what Castiel had read so far in the book, and branched out to discuss how he had come to study Enochian in the first place. His answer boiled down to ‘because he could’ – and since it was a language that to the best of anyone’s knowledge had never been spoken in the vernacular, it was unique and therefore interesting.
“Then I can count on you to do your best to impress Mr. Roman with the worthiness of the Museum when you meet with him on Friday.”
Cas flushed, looking down at the coaster his beer rested on. It bore an advertisement for a brand of beer they weren’t drinking. Dean had no idea he’d already read some of Cas’ books — read and enjoyed. He would have had no reason to be enthusiastic about the Steven Emmanuel series otherwise.
“Slow. I haven’t had as much time to look as I’d like, and the places I’ve checked out were all not quite it. I’m not planning on this being my forever home, but even if I only stay a year or two there are certain things I want. Needs to be a garage available for Baby. That seems to be the biggest sticking point in the neighborhood I like. I might have to go somewhere else in order to get it.”
“Burning is best, need to find somewhere out of the way to accomplish it. You do know this town better than I do.”
“That’s a lot of people,” Dean says, catching his lower lip between his teeth and biting at it. Were they going to be able to pull this off? He knew he wouldn’t have too much of a problem looking like he was head over heels for Cas. It was, quite frankly, harder to pretend like he wasn’t. But that many people meant they’d never really be able to let down their guard, except at night safely in their own beds. There would always be the possibility of someone right around the next corner, so the charade would have to be uninterrupted.
Charlie blew out her breath. “Good point. Okay. Hm. I could send in an anonymous tip, but the problem there is that they’re probably receiving a lot of anonymous tips, because people are jerks that way, and there’s no guarantee they’d take it seriously enough.”
He reached out and ran a hand over the nearest cabinet. They’d been delivered but weren’t yet installed, so they were just standing in the space. “Why do you put the cabinets in before the flooring?” Cas asked.
Cas looked at him for a long moment, just short of a confounded stare. Seemed like he was trying to figure Dean out, as though he were some sort of strange specimen and Cas was a scientist. Dean resisted the urge to squirm, and bit his tongue to keep himself from retreating on the offer like a scared puppy. He inched his chin up higher and waited him out.
“Gabriel. Dean, how much do you know of Novak? I do not wish to burden you with reciting information you are already well acquainted with.”
“No, I don’t.” Sam’s confidence was comforting. “Mrs. Albright anticipated a lot of possibilities, and made sure that she had them covered. If they go so far as to bring a challenge to court, they won’t win.”
“I’ll get out the extra linens,” he said. If he was fortunate they might get a few hours of sleep before daylight.
Cas didn’t quite roll his eyes, but Dean could tell it was a close call. “He understands that community outreach is a valuable marketing tool. So long as it doesn’t cost much.”
“No, Cas,” Dean interrupted him. “People can be intellectually gifted and still be idiots, to not see what was right in front of their nose this whole time. They’re idiots. And assholes.”
He and most other dragons of his acquaintance understood the value of technology. They simply weren’t good at it. Gabriel had even less patience with devices than Castiel did, with the notable exception of DVDs. Those, he was enamored with.
Dean’s brow furrowed. Cas suspected that for some reason he was disappointed with that response. Cas didn’t know what else he was supposed to do or say. Oh. Say. He should probably say something. “Your youth was quite different from mine.”
“Mm. Yes, that is my intent, though I haven’t followed through yet. There are times that it is inconvenient to rely on delivery, and I have been giving some thought to going to a nursery outside of Topeka. Their selection appears quite extensive based upon their website. Not all plants are easy to raise from seed.”
How absolutely mortifying. “I need to… to go. It was nice to talk to you, Sam. Have a good day.” He hunched his shoulders protectively and turned, walking quickly back towards his car, pretending not to hear Sam calling after him.
“Oh. Well, I meant the vase I’m working on, but yeah, everything is incredible. I can’t wait to see this when it’s done. Mr. Stark’s designs are so spectacular. Everything is going to be so amazing. I just wish I was on the short list to still be here when the reception starts. Everyone who is anyone is going to be here. It’s the wedding of the century, maybe even of the millennia! Lord Michael is actually marrying a human! That’s never been done before. The dragons have always kept to themselves. But he fell in love, and so there’s this wedding, and it’s just so romantic.”
The drive was familiar now. He was surprised, though, to see a car in his yard when he arrived. Dean was always the last one to leave the site. Maybe someone had forgotten a tool? The car was unfamiliar. Still, its presence made Cas uncomfortable. He didn’t like strangers on his property while neither he nor Dean were present.
“Cas.” Dean practically groaned his name, pulling him in harder, going in for a kiss. Cas’ lips under his were full, soft, opened in a slight ‘o’ of surprise before he got with the program, his hands coming up to cup Dean’s face between his palms, holding him in place as he surged forward as well.
“Hey, Cas.” Dean walked up to the counter in the Sandover kitchenette, where Cas was filling his black and yellow striped coffee mug. Dean sternly told his hands to stop sweating. There was no need to be nervous. No need to feel that giddy terror of a middle school kid forced into talking into a crush.
“I don’t understand. I mean, it’s a gorgeous painting, sure, but at the end of the day it’s just a painting, man. It’s just a piece of art. Even if it’s Hoard.”
“No, you’re right. You’re not always anti-social. Just 95% of the time when you’re away from home. And I get it. I do. When you’re on the job you have to be so careful not to give yourself away. That takes constant effort and vigilance, and you do it better than anyone else.”
“What have you done?” Roman cried out. “The work of years, a decade, ruined, RUINED!” With wild eyes he turned towards Castiel, flinging himself to him, the glint of a dagger suddenly appearing in his hand.
Dean wanted to believe him, but he was too well trained to let that influence his job performance. “Going to have to log it. Do you have your ID and access card on you? Gotta check. Rules.”
“You’ve got to be kidding me,” Dean said, incredulous. “So if you happen to meet someone you really hit it off with at work, you’re not allowed to date?”
Cas flicks his gaze towards them, then back. He’s been a little off since Dean had the brilliant idea to haul him up to the overlook and kiss him. Dean won’t pretend he isn’t kind of upset about Cas’ reaction, but he’s not going to show it. He’d kind of hoped… but no. Not thinking about that right now.
He glanced towards the small, high window in his office. It was dark beyond – but it was early March, and the sun still set before it was very late. He could pull his pocket watch out and check, but that would mean admitting defeat.
Adler. He’d shown up before Bela left his office. And he’d also insisted that Dean hire her for the position. She had something on him. Dean didn’t want to think what, but there was something. Had to be.
Cas blinks and looks at the staircase again with new eyes. It's highly polished wood, and wide enough for five people to walk side by side comfortably. He supposes it is quite something. It's always just been part of his life rather than anything noteworthy.
“Fuck, fuck, fuck,” Dean swore again. Then he ran a hand through his hair, his eyes going unfocused as he ran through scenarios in his head. Castiel was surprised that he already knew Dean well enough to know that was what he was doing. “Okay. Here’s what’s going to happen,” he said firmly. “First, we get dressed.” That merited a hint of a wry grin. “Then you’re going to find that section of the book, the one that talks about Malak and the ritual to bring his spirit back to this world, and figure out what the hell we can do to stop it.”
Cas didn’t do anything of the kind. He lowered his chin, looking up at Dean through his lashes, his blue eyes deadly serious. “I have become aware of a security threat that I need to communicate to you. It is urgent, and I, we, weren’t certain that if we went through normal channels that it would come to your attention.”
“This happens, sometimes. I don’t understand it, but I also don’t argue with it,” Castiel said. “When my mind is consciously occupied with other things, it seems that my subconscious continues to work through puzzles, and then when I am relaxed or content, suddenly the fully-formed thought will break through in a eureka moment.” He rapidly flipped through the pages, not as careful as he usually would be with the delicate old text, until he found what he was looking for. “Dean. Come here.”
Castiel scowled. On the one hand, he disliked interacting with people, particularly wealthy people. In his experience they were usually convinced they were better than others and exhibited little concern for the happiness or welfare of those they considered beneath them. His experience was extensive. His own father was one of the leading financiers in Boston, and throughout his childhood he’d been around the leaders of that city as they sought to make business deals with Charles Novak.
“Boyfriendy?” Cas shakes his head and chuckles. “What criteria need to be met in order for things to be considered ‘boyfriendy’?” Oh no. Cas brings out the finger quotes.
“Father’s younger sister Amara, and her husband Crowley. My cousin Gavin is supposed to be there as well, though there’s some family rumor that he’s not going to be able to make it. He’s going to school in Scotland right now, and I don’t believe he and Anna have ever been particularly close.”
“No one has called me that before.” He caught his pink lower lip between his teeth, worrying it. Then he released it and gave Dean a slight smile. “I like it.”
Oh hell. Really? He’d been too much on edge the last 24 hours to let that go. Rage ignited in his gut, quickly racing along his nerves until he felt like he was on fire. He half stood, leaning forward over his desk. “Don’t even try that with me,
Castiel paged through the book some more, scanning over the various spells again, determining what he had the components for, and envisioning ways he could use them, if they even worked. He debated with himself whether it would be more useful to practice more spells, beyond the single one he had successfully worked, or to spend that time studying the text.
"Here you go, boys," Chuck says, stopping in front of a door towards the end of the hall and opening it up.
Gabriel plopped down in the middle of the front room floor — the one he’d cleaned with the new vacuum cleaner not long ago — and unwrapped a chocolate bar. “You look good like that.”
Dean turned one box to look at each side. “Nope. Nothin’. So the ‘treasure hunt’ is more accurate than I realized, huh? Who packed this for you?”
He could have had that, last night, if only he didn’t have such a well-developed sense of duty and responsibility.
Cas’ chest suddenly felt so tight he could hardly breathe. He curled his fingers under the table, digging his nails into his palm. He heard a strange sort of squeaking sound, and then realized to his mortification that he’d made it.
Gabe sighs and leans closer, bumping their shoulders together. “Don’t worry. I don’t think anyone else has figured it out. Mom and Dad are just so happy to see you two together, and the douche cousins are too busy trying to be douches without Grandmother picking up on it and disowning them.”
But there are times when it just hurts so damn bad that he’s never going to be the one standing up there, holding hands with Cas, gazing into his eyes the way Anna is looking at Vincent, as though the rest of the world has completely disappeared.
“Unlikely, yes,” Castiel agreed. “I am confident in my overall assessment of the nature of the text. What is it that you are looking for from it?”
Naomi turned towards Don Stark, Castiel’s boss’ boss and the celebrity event designer who was handling the decor for the ceremony and reception. “I know that your people have likely never been in the palace before, but do ensure that they comport themselves with appropriate decorum.”
Dean tensed, his shoulders rising for a moment before he forced them down again, though he did angle his head slightly to listen better. Castiel was reminded that the man was a private investigator.
He wasn’t supposed to be noticing those things. Sure he might happen to know that Cas was bi, leaning more towards men. Jimmy had been open about it when he found out Dean was briefly dating a guy, wanting to let him know it made no difference at all to him and to their friendship. That relationship hadn’t worked out, but it was nice to know Jimmy was cool with Dean’s sexuality, especially with how active the Novaks were in their church. Dean didn’t always trust church folk when it came to sexuality.
Cas frowned at his monitor, unable to concentrate on the words dancing across his screen. Normally he had little difficulty keeping his focus on his writing; he knew to allow himself occasional short breaks where he looked out his windows, seeing what was new and different that day. Sometimes it was the particular color and formation of the clouds in the sky. Other times it was a hawk circling in the sky, looking for some sort of prey.
“Less than you might think. They don’t have all the fancy electronics like modern cars do. It’s a challenge to find parts when something can’t be repaired, but most things can be repaired with a little elbow grease.”
Castiel returned to the city apartment late that evening, exhausted after the double shift. He set his keys down on the console table right inside the door and looked into the living room, spotting Charlie, her face lit by the glow of her laptop monitor. “Hello, Charlie.”
“Very well.” No sense protesting that he didn’t need anything. Besides, he was rather fond of the occasional baked goods. Cookies, cakes, pies, bars, donuts, it was all good, so long as the quantities remained limited. Honestly, he didn’t understand how Gabriel was in such relatively good health, except that he was always so hopped up on sugar that he didn’t sit still. Maybe he secretly ate broccoli and carrots when no one was looking.
“I would like that. Yes.” He nodded and stood up, stretching his back with a pop, rolling his shoulders to relieve some of the stiffness. “You should take some of the candy with you.”
“How sweet,” Cas’ Aunt Amara murmurs under her breath. Dean bristles at her tone but chooses to let it pass for now. If this is the kind of snark Cas always has to deal with when he’s here, he can see why he didn’t want to show up solo for this.
“Yeah. That’s something for next year, though.” Dean couldn’t help but smile at the idea that Cas was going to be here next year. “What are you doing for dinner tonight?”
“I’ve spent the entire morning speaking with police, Museum security, and various colleagues. The police said they’ll look into it.” Castiel had his doubts that they’d find anything. Indeed, he had his doubts about how much effort they would put into the investigation. Why should they care about some old books, when they had bigger things to look into, such as the murder of that young man by the docks?
“Oh.” He considered that, then shook his head. “No, thank you. I appreciate the offer, but not today.”
“I have your ticket, too. I was able to exchange Danny’s ticket and use the refund to put towards yours, so we’re good on that.”
“Yeah, well, we should do it again. Make it a thing. Doesn’t always have to be poker, though it could be.” He pulled on an extra flannel, deliberately not looking at Cas. He waited on tenterhooks for Cas’ response. He threw it out there casually, but he knew that committing to a standing social engagement would be a big deal for him.
He saw it immediately. The cupboard doors had been installed, and virtually glowed with the light pouring in from the windows, rich cherry, warm and inviting. They had a subtle detail carved into the corners of each panel — a lightly etched honeycomb pattern, fading away so that it was there but not dominating. A vase filled with bright, bold sunflowers sat on the island counter.
“Oh please. Enthuse away. It’s kind of charming.” Dean grinned at him. He asked a few more questions about the archives Castiel was responsible for until the fish was done cooking and Castiel served their meal. He washed his hands before sitting down across the small table from Dean.
“I will explain more to you, but not here. Somewhere with greater privacy. I can help you return this office to more order.”
“An excellent point,” the man said, having the gall to step completely into his space, as though acknowledging his presence equated to permission to enter. Castiel was about to correct him, when the bundle he carried in his previously hidden arm came into view. That bundle was distinctly book-shaped and wrapped in a protective canvas cover tied with fine rope. His protest died in his throat, destroyed by the sudden intense need to see what this man had brought.
He had nearly dozed off himself by the time Jess touched him lightly on the shoulder. “Sorry, Cas… but we need to take the munchkin home now. It’s getting late.”
Gabriel grinned. “Wouldn’t dream of it, bro.” He clapped Castiel’s shoulder hard enough to rock him on his feet. “See ya in the morning.”
Cas looked up sharply to see Sam Winchester crossing the street with a smile on his face, waving in greeting as he jogged to catch up to him. “It’s great to see you, man!”
Dean licked his suddenly dry lips. Okay, just because the guy was one of the most attractive people he’d seen in Caroline in years didn’t mean he had to be obvious about it. Not unless he got some indications that he’d be open to it. Small town Kansas wasn’t the best place in the world to be an equal opportunity kind of a guy. It paid to be careful. Besides, Sam had warned him that the guy was, what was the word he’d used, skittish? Uncomfortable around strangers, and given this was the first time they’d met, he qualified.
Cas stepped past Dean into the condo, closing the door and extending the flowers and bottle towards Dean. “I am given to understand that flowers and wine are proper gifts to bring. However, I thought you might prefer Scotch.”
Castiel watched Dean walk away, admiring the rear view despite his embarrassment. The man had a very nice ass, no question about it. Knocking over the beer had been unfortunate. It should perhaps not be a surprise. Usually he had good control, excellent control. His human form was as natural to him as the draconic.
, and gotten enamored of the premise. He didn’t want to work through a Julia Child cookbook, but he did decide to try a new recipe every week. The more elaborate ones he saved for their regular dinners.
Castiel debated the merits of seeking out Director Holloway versus waiting to be summoned. Going down to the Director’s office on his own initiative would doubtlessly be the smarter move from a political point of view. He frowned at the thought. He disliked office politics intensely. If he could, he’d happily stay ensconced in his third-floor office all day long, surrounded by his precious books. Books were comfortable companions, undemanding, generous. He could find everything he needed in his books, and they would never look at him as though he were unworthy of their time. Books would never consider him a disappointment.
Dean shook it off when the earpiece buzzed at him, demanding his attention. Devereaux again. The guy was good with the electronic security measures, and a little paranoia was good, but damn. Not every little blip or bloop required a full-scale response.
Then he stood up. “Would you like more lemonade?” Without waiting for an answer, he got up to retrieve the pitcher and refilled both of their glasses, though neither had consumed more than a third.
He could plant vegetables, too, and use them in his cooking, when he had a kitchen conducive to producing food. Oh, and herbs! Basil, of course. Rosemary, thyme, cilantro. Tarragon. Various types of mint. Oregano, sage.
“One of what?” Now Dean’s curiosity was piqued; that was completely obvious. He leaned forward slightly, his green eyes sparkling with interest, his body language open and eager and filled with anticipation.
“This. Place. Is. My. HOME,” Cas growled, scrambling and somehow ending up on his back. There was a flurry of fists, of elbows, of knees and heels all fighting for freedom. Cas wasn’t a brawler. The closest he’d ever come to a fight like this was trying to escape from Lucifer’s tickle torture when he was a child, or when for some reason Michael decided his wanted something that Castiel had. Cas had always been younger and smaller, and he’d lost those bouts miserably.
“There are far too many coincidences around Mr. Roman for them to be considered coincidences anymore. The reason I was at his residence was I’m trying to find out what he is up to. I need to find out what all he is guilty of.”
Cas squinted for a moment, then set his fork down. “You have continued to seem distracted lately. Not just here. At the office, too. Even now that the open position has been filled. Are you sure that there isn’t something going on?”
Dean chuckles, gets out of bed, pulls Cas close as he passes him, drops a quick kiss on his cheek before picking up his own toiletries and sleep attire. “I’ll be right back.”
Cas stands up and pushes Dean down into the chair, circling his wrists with his fingers, pressing hard enough to ground him. “You didn’t think that part through, did you.”
“Ellen. Harvelle. Ellen Harvelle. She’s been running the place for as long as I’ve been around. When I was a kid it was her and her husband, Bill, but when he passed she continued on her own. She’s got a daughter, Jo, who’s a few years younger than me and Sammy. She works there. I’ve worked there myself, still help out now and then when Ellen’s short-staffed. She… she was there for us, a lot, when we were kids, after Mom passed. And when Dad was out of town a lot, working. So yeah. We’re close.”
The music stops for a moment, and when it resumes, the ushers walk the guests of honor down the white runner. Vincent’s grandparents, Cas’ grandmother, then Vincent’s parents. Vincent and his groomsmen come out with the officiant, looking sharp in their dark gray suits with deep rose-colored waistcoats and ties, small boutonnieres of dark pink roses and a wisp of baby’s breath pinned to their front pockets.
“Dean, you’ll alarm her,” Cas protested, but his protest died away when she grinned at him and made grabby hands in his direction.
Some minutes of splashing and jostling later, they were seated, Cas across from Dean, the girls on the other two sides of the table.
Castiel stifled a momentary pang of envy over how comfortable Dean was in his skin. He wasn’t sure he was ever as relaxed as Dean was. Though, to be fair, at the moment that easy grace seemed forced rather than natural. “I know enough. He’s only recently arrived in Havenport, making some investments in local businesses. He has a large personal fortune, and a collection of rare books that would make an admirable addition to this museum.”
Dean steps in closer, so close that Cas can feel the heat of his chest. His thigh brushes against Cas’ as he positions them, resting his hand on Cas’ shoulder, tucking his thumb inside Cas’ collar. “Close your eyes and listen to the music. I’ll lead. Just follow.”
Why did that request make him feel warm in the center of his chest, spreading out to his fingertips? Castiel felt flustered, which happened all too frequently if he was honest with himself, but this felt different somehow.
“A bee, huh?” Sam turned his attention to the other two panels, which weren’t any farther than the initial sketch. “And a hive, and flowers with smaller bees. This is a lot of work, Dean.”
Cas was amazing, beautiful, smart enough to give Sammy a run for his money and maybe even come out ahead. He had a dry wit and a way with words that constantly challenged Dean.
Dean didn’t watch him walk away, or notice how his shoulders filled out that wretched coat. Not at all.
He closed his eyes, reaching back into his memory for more details. If Sam and Bobby were interested in it, that meant it was somehow tied to dragon culture. Ah. Their working theory that the handful of dragon Wings in North America were not so much friends as bitter rivals, and Lord Michael the worst of them. It wasn’t enough for him to rule over the human population, he wanted to be dominant over the other dragons as well. Bobby was of the opinion that the humans were a means to an end, and it was the dragons that truly mattered to him.
“Oh, I - no, I couldn't ask that,” Cas said, and in his voice Dean could hear a pleased edge, and he realised that Cas had been hoping for this, and that thought made it feel quite suddenly as though his chest could explode with happiness.
“I’m Cas,” Castiel said, remembering at the last moment not to give his full name, and Gordon shook his hand firmly.
As soon as he’d said the words, he cursed himself. He could have said he wasn’t happy, bought himself some more time to tell Sam. But who was he kidding, he thought, as Jody nodded and looked away. He’d only spend that time chickening out all over again.
He kept thinking about Dean. Dean running alone along that coastal road. Dean – Dean who wasn’t human. Dean who had – who –
this. Dean pulled his legs a little wider, asking for closer touch. Castiel felt his pants tightening.
with it. I could make a moving spoon or a toy dog or whatever. Or, uh… something really cool, like seriously cool. Like a guitar that… that plays itself. Just really, really, uh, you know. Cool.” Dean mimed dramatically strumming a guitar, curling his lip a little just to really emphasise the coolness of it. “Yeah.”
He should step back. He should leave the clearing. He looked behind him, and saw Dean holding out a hand, calling something, starting forward into the circle himself. All Castiel had to do was wait for a few seconds, and Dean would catch up. Dean would touch the tree instead if Castiel said he should. Dean would feel the consequences of its barken press on his bare palm.
“Hi,” Dean said, and the attendant greeted him with stock politeness. “Uh…” He turned to Castiel. “What do you want?”
“That’s enough for one day,” said a voice from the porch – Mary, smiling down at the two of them. John carefully lifted the shovel out of Dean’s reach, standing up to his full height. They’d managed to clear just a short stretch of the path that led up to the house.
He put his foot on the first step. It didn’t creak or even murmur under his weight. One hand on the bannister, into the cushion of dust. And he began to climb.
He just wanted to sit next to Castiel in the theatre and watch the damn movie. He could see it now, in his mind’s eye. Just the two of them. Watching Tombstone. Sharing a popcorn. Maybe their hands would reach for it at the same time. Maybe they’d look over at each other –
“You need to be back before six,” Dean said. “There’s a thing happening. All the guys are gonna be there.”
Whatever it was about this guy that was driving up his rating, Dean had to know. He had to figure it out. Even if it meant having to learn a bunch of stuff about some old English literature at the same time, or whatever the hell it was that Castiel taught.
The doors swept open with an elegant sigh; immediately, Dean’s sanctuary of quiet was filled up with the thick beat of one of the new screamer songs, and he stepped out into a low-lit, high-ceilinged room with balconies and daises raised up, where people in glittering, holographic outfits were dancing and laughing. Glittering all-night sparklers were floating through the air, and rainbow party smoke was being huffed out over the crowd by a huge open vent in one corner. Everyone was in million-credit shoes, million-credit dresses, million-credit necklaces. Dean adjusted the sleeves of his suit.
Charlie rang off. Dean, standing in the hallway of his home, lifted the phone away from his ear and stared at the screen as though it could give him answers. Castiel had been checking Dean out… all year? All
The groans and high-pitched cries from the forest, and the throbbing hush of the house, were drowned out by the fast, metallic strum of electric guitar strings. Castiel set his phone down on the counter beside him, turning the volume all the way up.
He reached over and picked up his phone again, this time swiping across the screen to check his notifications. Just a message from his coworker at the library, Meg, about a new TV show she was getting into and wanted him to watch, and several texts in his work groupchat. It felt good to be able to swipe away that notification, and look forward to the ten more days that he’d booked off. Working in a small library was mostly living the dream, but he’d had a suspicion that after Las Vegas, he wouldn’t feel like working for a while. He thanked his past self for being more right than he could have possibly known.
He put his hand in his pocket, and tried to appear at his ease. Just a few hours at a party, that was all he had to do. Then he could crash out on a bed somewhere, and forget about the Up and the Underlight and every messed up thing in between for a few hours, before waking up tomorrow morning and doing it all again.
“I think I’m bulletproof today,” Dean said. “‘Cause I honestly don’t care, except that it’s hilarious. There isn’t even anything to say. Just… damn.” He shook his head.
“You know what?” said a loud, bright voice from Dean’s other side. He heard a slight scuffle on the mic, and then the same voice again, only amplified through the speakers: Charlie, sounding bubbly and determined. “Ash, I know I don’t normally do this, but tonight’s a very special night. For me, for you, and for everyone here. I’ve been practising my Tegan and Sara - and no, that’s not a metaphor for anything, get your mind out of the gutter - and it’s time to treat all you bitches
“Found you!” she said shyly. “We were wondering, is it OK to take pictures now? Your assistant was saying we could only get them at the meet and greet, at the concert, but we were thinking maybe we could take some without the mask on today -”
In a little polite, decorative flurry, the congregation took their seats once more. Missouri looked from Dean to Lisa, and then out to look at faces in the crowd in front of her. She was rock-steady, calm, her voice sweet and thoughtful.
Dean read on a little way. At one point, Charlie started talking at length about the pattern she wanted on the wall in her bedroom, some kind of stencilled effect; Dean almost skipped ahead, but stopped and frowned. Intercut with Charlie’s speech were some messages – messages from Castiel.
“Well,” Dean said, “probably you...” His throat seemed to close up with sudden nerves, and that was as far as he got.
Out of the front windscreen, he could see it. His house. Blurry-eyed and still chasing back the smooth chrome reassurance of his imaginings, Castiel blinked up at it.
The buildings along the streets were quintessentially European, long rows of tall apartment buildings all joined together. When he reached a slightly shabby-looking building with a sign over the door that read only
He got up from the sofa and picked up his phone, flickering to the camera app. There was nothing he could do about the size of the television or the lack of pictures on the bare walls or the general sense of shabbiness that years of neglect had worn in, but still – he looked at the place through the camera, and felt a little silver shine of pride lining the edge of his mood.
During the time when Dean had been blanking Castiel, then, he’d been visiting their place together. Castiel didn’t know what to make of that. He put his hands into his coat pockets, and felt his fingers brush up against the ring on one side and the envelope of wedding pictures on the other. It felt like a century ago that Balthazar had handed them to him across the counter in the chapel’s reception.
Castiel thought to himself, but kept his mouth shut and only accepted his own satchel when Lisa handed it to him with a smile.
There was a pause. Dean watched Castiel, who was now looking upwards, towards the night sky. He really was an attractive guy, Dean couldn’t help thinking, even though he couldn’t think of a less appropriate time to be thinking that about someone than after attempting to sabotage their Christmas party. Which he hadn’t been invited to. While wearing a giant coat and oversize gloves, like a dork. Had he ever looked less dateable in his entire life, he wondered.
“No,” he said. “That was a long time ago. They weren’t always up. This place used to be full of creatures… gremlin in the oven to keep it hot, fairies in the living room basking on the window sills. Even the shadows were alright. Then she… it…” Dean went quiet.
“What? No,” Cas said, breezing past the graceful out that Dean had tried to give him. “That is… if you’re not tired, and it’s alright with you, I’d still like to come and see where you live.”
“C’mon,” Dean says, the smallest of smiles softening one side of his mouth. “You wouldn’t really want two of me running around the place, would you?”
The moment drew out. In that moment, in Dean’s eyes, Castiel could have sworn that he saw something. Some look, some expression that made Castiel’s own chest feel open and painful, and –
“Yeah,” Cassie said with a laugh, pushing his hand away, “it is, asshole. That’s why I’m not letting you take me down with you.”
“It’s all my fault,” Dean said in a low voice. So quiet that Castiel knew how much he meant it. And as though reminded by his own words that he didn’t deserve the touch, Dean pulled away.
“Do you come here often?” asked Cas, and Dean ducked his head to hide the fact that the question had sent a quick hot wave of flushing happiness through him.
“Hey,” he said. “Uh. You know, if you, uh, ever wanna talk about stuff, I’m here. I’m not great at talking but I do a pretty good job listening, so.”
“... Yes,” Castiel said. “To get her things.” His eyes were falling out of focus on the clock, but he didn’t bother to zone back in.
But Dean himself had green eyes, didn’t that count for anything? And he had a jawline, too. He’d checked this morning in the mirror.
It was a very mixed-message thing to do in the first place, Castiel thought. To break into Castiel’s house, and then rescue him. It started off threatening and ended up – well, the opposite. He could still feel the heat of Dean’s chest pressed against his own, the feel of Dean’s breath on his face when he spoke in the dark. He could feel Dean’s hand in his own pulling him through the danger. He could hear Dean’s voice saying,
“I don’t want him to get that angry again just because I brought it up. Like, OK. If he’s mad at me then I want him to be able to like, be mad at me, you know? But when I thought he was gonna leave, I just - like, earlier, I was texting him and thinking, like,
Castiel cooked himself lunch. He ate it. He washed up. He sat on his couch. He listened to some music.
Castiel felt a wave of alarm sweep over him, and watched it be mirrored by the flash of concern across Dean’s face.
The market was everything Dean had imagined it might be, and then around ten thousand percent more bizarre. It was the first time a market quite like this had come to town, as far as Dean knew; Sam had seen the fliers for it, and said he’d seen something like it once when he’d gone to Amsterdam for his bachelor party around Christmas. They had little wooden huts covered in sparkling cotton-wool snow, filled with glittering baubles and house decorations; on trestle tables, sellers had spread out huge plates of cookies and cakes, all flavoured with Christmas spices; Dean doubted, however, that the Amsterdam market had had a plastic cowboy Santa statue at the entrance, with horses pulling his sleigh and a red stetson on his head.
She opened the door for him. No one else was around in Dean’s corner of the garage to give them odd looks as they ducked into the shabby interior of the car, Dean sitting on the driver’s side and Charlie sliding into shotgun. When they slammed the doors closed, the car felt small. Dean could hear Charlie’s breathing, but it still felt as though he were registering it from far away, as if his mind was processing everything in the next room over from his brain.
“Already done,” Charlie said smugly, and then seemed to remember herself and added, “but thank you for the offer, your Highness.”
Lisa pressed her lips together, hard. Dean looked away from her, to Castiel. In his eyes, Castiel could see the same feeling that was burgeoning in his chest: hope.
“We’re not?” Dean asked. Castiel reached into the inside pocket of his jacket for his phone, swiping across the screen, finding his email. A wave of disbelief rose up in him. It was the day of the wedding, and he was standing outside Saint Crispin’s looking through his email. His eyes were reading the same words that he’d read just this morning, when Dean had still been going to marry Lisa.
He could still feel the way Castiel had first brushed his lips against Dean’s. The way it had sparked shivers that had chased up Dean’s back, fanned out over his shoulders, the intensity of it, the suddenness, the - the
He slung off his coat and threw it over the back of one of the seats along the aisle. There was a set of stairs off to the right, but Cas was standing up above him and watching him come closer; Dean put the box of donuts down on the very front of the stage and set his palms flat, jumped, levered himself forward with his arms, and easily hopped to his feet up on the boards beside Cas.
“You know. The whole schtick. Lovey-dovey crap.” Dean mumbled it, aware that even in describing it he sounded ridiculous.
Not the most inspired start to a conversation, and an embarrassed little glance down at the ground from Cas seemed to acknowledge that, but Dean was feeling pretty damn okay about Cas being interested in keeping on talking to him at all. A new song started up - Celine Dion, this time - as Dean answered,
He kept a hand on his rune-blade's hilt, and began to stride down the alley. He'd learned a certain brand of walk since he'd begun these unofficial patrols; rhythmic, step by step, carrying him on a familiar path through the gloomy warren of streets and buildings. It was always eerily empty, with relatively few people living here since anyone who could afford it found housing in the better air of the Mid or the Up - but there were still people, and he could watch their streets.
The credits rolled before Dean was ready. He tried to imagine telling Charlie that he’d wished Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull could have been longer, just so that he could have kept holding Castiel’s hand.
one of Castiel’s greatest hits. He managed not to roll his eyes, while Anna beside him gave a little happy sound of delight at Patience’s choice.
Dean felt a sudden clap on his back, and turned on his stool to see Ash standing behind him, half-dancing to the latest song that Dean hadn’t heard starting up -
“First time here?” Dean said, leaning over to be heard over the music as it amped up, and Cas glanced over at him and nodded; the glance was one that Dean recognised, a mixture of
Sixty-four minutes later, Dean was riding the elevator up to floor eight hundred of the Harmony building, one of the biggest in the city. He surveyed himself in the mirror as the elevator hummed upwards. No hood, now. No leather. But another kind of suit: slim-cut, black, classic in style, paired with a slightly holographic tie for a hint of modernity. It rippled from black to light grey and back again in the heavy yellowish light of the elevator.
“He’s thinking of removing his nex,” Anna said, plowing on past the joke, determined to tell Dean what was on her mind. She tapped her own as she spoke and made the lights on it dance - a silver plate on the side of her head, usually hidden by the fall of her hair. “Tell him he shouldn’t even think about it.”
They weren’t touching. They sat like they’d always done, somehow falling into old habits, near enough to be aware of possibilities but holding back from true closeness.
Dean yawned. Sleepily, he clicked his tongue against the roof of his mouth a couple of times and then grimaced at the taste.
“Whoa, there,” said John, as Dean felt his balance go, his feet skidding out from under him – and suddenly he was being lifted, one hand on either side of him. John pulled him up out of the fall, and set him back down in thick snow.
“I spoke to the attendant at the chapel. He said everything was online already and it was locked in.”
That low, rumbling voice was just the same as it had always been. If Dean had known how to breathe a second ago, he was now having trouble remembering exactly.
“Okay,” Dean said eventually, and reached out a hand, and picked up the envelope. He opened it, and slid out the photos. The stack was relatively small, Castiel could see out of the corner of his eye – and he tried to keep watching the view, but he found his eyes turning towards Dean, watching his expression as he flicked through the pictures.
,” Dean said, narrowing his eyes even behind his sunglasses as the shade of the buildings faded and they were hit with the full glare of the lowering sun. “And just tell every
He shut it all out. He walked back to his kitchen and his dinner. He walked right over the prints that Dean had left on the dusty floor.
"Oh, yeah, dope." Dean was thinking, suddenly, of Castiel wanting to get his nex removed - of following Castiel to his room, of that kiss.
“Jody, Dean swore,” Castiel heard Claire say immediately, and he heard Jody take a breath in to speak, and then quite suddenly fall quiet – because there on the front porch of Saint Crispin’s in the early afternoon light, Dean was getting down on one knee.
Dean looked up at the sky, tracing patterns in the stars. He thought of how he’d made it here, to the big city. He thought of The Refuge. He thought of his brother, still with no idea that Dean wasn’t straight. He thought of Cas, who he liked more than he knew how to say, right now.
Immediately, a gush of clear water spurted out of the tap. Castiel was so surprised that he leapt back with a little noise, and then blinked, and moved forward again to look at the water.
It felt like ceramic. On the roughness of its disk were painted five concentric circles: black, blue, white, black, blue, from inside to out. Castiel held it against his palm for a second.
Dean threw him a look, but didn’t bother arguing. It wasn’t as though things could get a lot worse with them both being able to hear each other.
Dean’s tongue, Dean’s mouth, warm, open, letting Castiel gently slide his own tongue in and then out.
Maybe Castiel just wouldn’t come. It would almost be a relief at this point. Well – that was to say, Dean would be miserable, but at least he’d be a familiar and lonely kind of miserable, and he’d be able to just go home and be familiarly lonely and miserable in a nest of increasing piles of junk food and mounting dirt.
Dean had also apparently not been paying enough attention to Castiel’s arms, either. Or the shape of his face, the play of the classroom shadows across it as he leaned unthinkingly against a wall. He was holding his own copy of
And he made his breakfast with determination – a bowl of cereal. No coffee to go with it, because he wasn’t sure about the water.
“Wards,” the man said. “Wards. The circles with the eyes, the garlic, the silver… anything. In here?” They were next to the bathroom. Castiel shook his head. “Here?” The bedroom.
assuming we’re together, and they’re being assholes about it. We wanna convince them nothing’s happening between us. So, uh.” Dean bit his lip.
“Tell me what you want me to do to make it good,” Dean said roughly. “Tell me. And if you’re close, tell me.”
She was eyeing him narrowly again. They’d already talked about how things were a little complicated between them after Cas had got so angry, but Dean could tell that wasn’t what Charlie was getting at. He met her gaze steadily.
Dean looks confused. He doesn’t even bother to look down at the rose, just keeps his eyes on Castiel.
“Kinda,” Dean said, which invoked less trust. “There’s a place in the forest where nothing goes. None of us like to be near it. No one talks about why.” They tramped on through the woods for a few moments, the quiet broken only by the sound of their breathing. Then Dean added, “My brother says it’s dark there and that’s all he’ll say about it. Says it’s best left alone. So I’ve done just that up to now. But hey, if we’re gonna go looking for a revenant, seems like the place to start.”
Come one, come all!! Time for chapter seven!! :D The next one will go up next Friday, the 24th of May. I'm so excited to be sharing this story and I'm loving doing weekly updates, I'm so glad y'all are following along. See you next week!! <33
Even still, his fingertips brushed the back of Dean’s hand, and Dean stopped. He looked back, his expression a little unfriendly in its confusion.
For Castiel, it was one person. His body just didn’t react to anything when there wasn’t that deep connection. But when there was –
“I mean, yeah, it’s something,” Dean said, trying to sound bracing. “Just wanted you to know. Figured you’d hear about it. You don’t have to have anything to do with it, though.”
“Alright,” Castiel said. “I don’t know.” He knew his voice sounded cooler than he meant it to, and he saw Dean respond in the way he always did to that tone – with a straightening of his back, and a lifting of his chin, and a hard brightness in his eyes.
If he asked himself whether he wanted to chaperone a romantic walk between Dean and Lisa on the day before their wedding, the answer was a resounding
The stranger was looking at him. From the expression on his face, he was looking for those stars, too.
Still, he thought he’d try to talk to her about it if there was a quiet moment during the walk. It would be something to think about that wasn’t the fact that if he and Charlie were alone, that would mean Lisa and Dean were alone, too. Doing whatever two engaged people do when they’re alone on a romantic walk.
“I understand. Look... if you can’t trust me because of this, that's more than fair. If you want to just walk out the door, then you can. Of course.”
That sounded decisive. Yes, that was better. He told the pit in his gut to fill itself up. He had to get this done.
“But we aren’t the same, Cas,” Dean says, so quietly that Castiel only just hears it over the little burst of breeze that briefly ruffles over them.
It felt odd to hold the thin volume in his hands. He’d on-and-offed about this for days and at last he had the damn book, and he could read it, and it was just a
“Yeah,” he muttered. Things had stopped swirling quite so much. “If you were gonna have to buy the socks for yourself anyway, you haven’t really lost anything by giving them a chance to be Christmas presents first, have you? Might as well, because maybe you make it all the way through the year without losing all your socks. It’s like a sock investment.”
He used the bathroom, even though he’d gone just before he left home; the last thing he wanted to be worrying about was needing to pee at an inopportune moment, as well as everything else. Washing his hands, he looked at himself in the mirror, eyeing how the matte powder subtly changed the angles of his cheeks and nose. Was that the face of a man who was going to sing in front of other people who were
"No," Cas said, in a voice as solid as granite. "I had nothing to do with the result. I asked Balthazar and Gabriel to fly in especially so there would be no question of me tampering with the result. Everyone knows those two don't listen to me."
“It was different,” Dean said. He reached out and flicked on the blinker of the car absently, but it did nothing while the keys weren’t in the ignition. “He didn’t know he was aro so I had no idea what was going on, and I couldn’t ask him about it. That was mostly why I was unhappy, really, I just didn’t get what was happening. Whereas with Cas I know about him being ace. I can talk to him about it, we’ve already talked about it. And anyway, with Nick, I mean - I liked him, he’s great, but it didn’t - he wasn’t Cas.” He flicked off the blinker. “None of the people I’ve dated have ever been Cas.”
“I don’t know.” Dean was watching the tree, his expression hard to read. Castiel wanted to reach out and take his hand, like on the night the revenant had come to his house.
“Talking. Yes. Okay. Let me think. Well… so, your singing sounded good today.” Cas sounded awkward and stilted, but the sound of his voice was bringing things back into focus. “Actually, it would probably be more helpful not to talk about singing or anything like that right now. Uhm…”
He held out his hand and pointed the remote control towards the tree. The sounds of people laughing and chatting inside was a buzz in his ears. After just a moment of hesitation, Dean pressed
“Maybe I’ll have to put on the…” Dean gestured at his face as though putting on a mask, and Cas nodded.
“So – look. I don’t know what happened back at Angelus or why you’re out here, but I’m just going to state the obvious for a second, or I’ll feel bad the whole way home. This place is very creepy and I don’t like thinking about you being stuck out here by yourself without even a car to get out. If you want to pack all this stuff back into the Cullinan, you’re welcome to hitch a ride home. I won’t tell Ishim.”
"No skipping class to kick people's butts," Dean said, and Sam breathed out in irritated acceptance. "Man. Never thought I'd have to tell you to stop picking fights and focus on school. What did Coastal do to you? You couldn't wait to get away from the life down here."
The second set of lights came with another remote. Dean inserted the batteries and then tapped it, just to check that this set of lights worked, too - and both sets of lights switched on. The ones from the first box, and the ones from the second.
“Nah, man. Nothin’ like that. I mean, everyone’s thinking I’m the sad sack in those comments, anyway. Not you. Everyone’s always kinda assumed I’m the
all too clear when he'd been alive, and though his mother hadn't ever said the same, she'd never spoken up against John, either. How much of that had Sam absorbed? Dean was pretty sure that Sam wouldn't think of himself as homophobic, but Dean knew all too well how thoughts and feelings could lurk for years, only blooming into harsh blossom when confronted with an intense situation. Maybe meeting Charlie hadn't been enough to make Sam think twice, but Dean coming out… if anything were going to reawaken those old memories, unfurl the twisted vines of bigotry that had been planted so long ago, it would be that. It would be this moment.
“So… in the future, I should only tell you bad news on the days when you’re going on a date with Castiel, I guess. Good to know,” Charlie said.
Castiel switched over to his emails. He’d avoided checking them for the past few days, knowing that he probably wouldn’t like what he saw – emails from Angelus finalising his termination, emails from coworkers pretending to show concern and really just fishing for details on what had happened. Sure enough, there was a whole litany of condolences in his inbox. He scrolled through them, an expression of distaste on his face, as he wandered through from the kitchen towards the living room, holding his bowl of cereal.
With a single step, Castiel moved into Dean’s space. He found himself going slowly, as if he were trying not to frighten a wild animal. When he lifted his hand, he kept his eyes on Dean’s face, watching for discomfort, or a sign to pull away. But Dean’s face was steady when Castiel’s fingertips brushed the soft firmness of his antlers.
Dean bit the side of his lip, staring down at the text. Did he want to talk to Sam again tonight? It felt as though he’d gone through that phone call, managed to earn a rest. And even though Sam said he wanted to talk again so soon, Dean felt in his gut that it would be better to let things rest for a little bit, let it sink in before they tried to talk about it again.
“You said on Friday that you’d be damned if Rowling being transphobic was gonna take every good thing about Harry Potter away from you." Talking was distracting Dean from the way his mouth tasted. "This
“Dean? Oh, god. Oh my god.” There was the sound of something falling on the other side of the door, and then some scrambling, and then the door was unlocked and flung open. Charlie stood framed in the doorway. Her short hair was wild, half of it pressed to her face and the other half sticking out at an odd angle – and her eyes were red and puffy, as though she’d been crying. “I just got your text – it’s all over the news –”
Cas could have asked, and Dean would have told him anything. Everything. Maybe he’d feel differently in the moment if that were put to the test, and maybe it wouldn’t last, but for now, he felt like he just wanted to sit with Cas and explain himself and hear Cas explain himself and understand him and be understood, because he felt like with Cas, that could actually happen. He had that kind of non-judgemental yet principled kind of vibe to him that made Dean feel like he could speak freely to a good person.
A text came back, finally. A picture. Dean waited for it to load, frowning - and then it downloaded, and his face relaxed. The picture was a selfie; Cas was holding a mug shaped like a giant cherry with a wannabe-cutesy-but-actually-kind-of-creepy smiley face drawn on it. Cas was eyeing it for the benefit of the camera, looking puzzled. Dean’s thumbs circled as he thought of a response.
After all, Dean thought, he’d disliked Castiel all this time. If Castiel was offended, it wasn’t as though Dean was losing a friendship that mattered to him. And Castiel could just be aloof and distant with him for a different reason than before. He had nothing much to lose.
“Oh – um –” Castiel glanced hurriedly over what was on offer, looking wrongfooted. Obviously he hadn’t been expecting the question. At a normal friendly meet-up, they’d each be ordering their own things separately, wouldn’t they? Dean cringed. Why couldn’t he just act normal?
For a second, he let himself imagine that the way things were right now could always be: just him and Dean, a married couple, come to visit a beautiful place with their friends.
Dean hopped in the shower once he’d finished putting his outfit together. He scrubbed himself all over, and then shaved. The water thundered down on his head, and Dean started singing.
Castiel looked up when Dean came in, and saw Dean, and set down his mug of tea. He held Dean’s gaze across the room.
“So,” he said awkwardly, “the thing I wanted to ask was… well...” He rubbed the back of his neck - and in that moment, he saw light dawn in the guy’s eyes.
If nothing they did together felt right, Cas would stick by him and keep trying new things. Forever.
“Yeah.” Dean left it at a single word, and the conversation stopped awkwardly. Lisa was friendly and charming and anyone else might have opened up for her, thought Castiel, but Dean was more of a giant clam than an oyster when it came to prising him open against his wishes.
“I mean," Dean pressed on, "what, we’re expected to believe that he just sits over there where the lighting looks good by accident? That right there is a calculated move.”
Castiel waited. “Castiel, I mean… I mean, I guess I should’ve seen it coming. Like, I should’ve known. You always did want to hang out with all the guy friends I brought home. And there was that time I walked in on you and Uriel and you both looked like you’d just –”
“I’m so glad. It almost makes all the conversations we had about optimal carriage temperature worth it, doesn’t it, Dean?”
It was only the fact that a whole lot of other people seemed to be doing it too that gave him any reassurance he wasn’t going completely soft.
Dean met Castiel’s eyes. The seal of approval was in Claire’s almost-smile, in the way she folded her arms. Dean shrugged.
He walked inside. The floor was concrete. As the darkness swallowed him, his vision didn’t improve. He blinked furiously, trying to help his eyes adjust, but he couldn’t see anything. There were faint rustlings in the dark, little technological clicks, and a breath that could have been a breeze, or a half-whisper, and then -
No more hiding. No more waiting. No more feeling like a ticking time bomb every time he was around his brother, every time he spoke to someone who knew his brother, every time he sang at The Refuge. The fuse had been cut, the bomb defused. There was nothing more to worry about.
Castiel pressed his lips together to repress a laugh, and took another screenshot, and sent it to the groupchat.
“Nah, nah, it’s good. I never talk about this stuff. People always tell me I lock it down too tight.”
Dean was halfway to his best attempt at a smile, ready to play the whole thing off as a joke, when –
“Chili peppers? They got rid of those, didn’t they?” Dean said, stifling a yawn. Charlie leaned forward.
But no - he was a part of the organisation. They had been a family to him when he had, himself, been lost in the Underlight. They cared for him. The least he could do was wear their colours when he guarded the streets in the way that they’d taught him.
“Just a few more minutes up here. Maybe we’ll never be able to come back. This might be our only chance to sit and look at this view together.” She paused, and then said, “Not in like a… I don’t mean, like…” She sounded awkward and Dean realised she’d noticed the romantic way that what she’d said could have been taken. He grimaced internally. Those damn comments were getting in her head.
Late that night, Dean shrugged off his clothes, and stepped into the shower. For a second, he just stood in the quietness of it without turning it on, looking up at the plastic showerhead. Stupid thing, he thought. When it wasn’t on and working, it was just a lump of plastic with holes in it. Pretty useless.
“I’ve missed you, Dean,” he said. In a small voice, like he would have said it when he was four years old and Dean had stayed over at a friend’s for a night.
Castiel began to walk. The Underlight looked beautiful, today. Somehow just the hiss of the leaking pipes and the tawdry glow of the sol-panels was filling him with a kind of awe.
The sun is bright when Castiel opens his eyes. There on the peach rose, at the tip of the stem through which he drew out his grace from the earth, is a full-blossom flower. Blushing petals unfurled, just waiting to be looked at, to be touched. Castiel reaches up a finger, and presses it to the velvet centre.
Dean gawped at him, his own remote control still in his upraised hand. Castiel’s eyes very slowly travelled from Dean’s face, along the length of his arm, to the remote.
Dean’s blood. This was where they’d left him. This was the place. They’d thrown him out of the door, here, and expected him to die. In pain. Losing his life, going into the unknown, bleeding and terrified, completely alone.
His face had healed. It had taken a while - he’d refused any medical attention. He’d had enough of things he didn’t understand poking and prodding into him for now, at least.
When Castiel blinked awake, he saw the spreading branches of trees. And beneath them, a pair of worried green eyes.
“Don’t get bitten by a spider,” he replied, and then swung the door open, left, and slammed it shut behind him.
“Please. What did you try to get me with yesterday?” Charlie tapped her chin mock-thoughtfully. “Pacific Rim? You know I’ve seen that thirty times. You were there with me for at least two of them.”
Castiel turned his head to look at Dean. He wondered if this was it. If this was going to be the moment it all changed.
More silence. Castiel could feel his stomach on the edge of a rumble, and hoped it wouldn’t. Dean would laugh at it, and the moment would be broken.
He said the words with a little more feeling than Dean had been expecting - and somehow, he knew exactly what Castiel meant.
Dean cleared his throat. He’d wildly underestimated how self-conscious he would feel, having actually made an effort. The whole way from his car to the teachers' lounge, he’d been trying to hunch his shoulders and act as though he didn’t want to be wearing the clothes that he had on. The aviators were tucked into his hand, safely hidden from judgemental eyes.
His stomach sank. He’d read about the colour draining out of someone’s face, but he’d never thought that it would happen to him, and that he’d be able to physically feel it happening.
Okay.” Dean didn’t seem to pay any more attention to the apology than acknowledging that the moment had been dispelled, and they were back to panicking together.
“You will. So it has to be before then.” Dean set his jaw, and then turned away. He began striding off into the forest again.
“Do any of them think literally anything good about me?” Dean said. By just not opening his mail, he’d managed to gain himself an international reputation as an asshole?
An image: Dean, his hand pressed to Cas’ cheek, leaning in to kiss him. The picture caught in his mind like a fire, and burned.
Dean tried to relax into his seat, but having Castiel so close to him was like sitting next to a livewire. His awareness of the closeness of their legs was growing. He could feel it all the way through his body, how much he wanted them to be able to touch. Like a hunger. A hunger he hadn’t let himself feel in a long time, for someone else’s body against his own, somewhere, anywhere.
“What, me?” he said immediately, and loudly. “No, Ash - I already sang when I was in here last time - ah, man, if you insist.” He stood up, and wrapped his arm around Ash, leading him away from the table before he could try to push for a duet.
Castiel lost concentration on his brother’s voice as he looked out from his porch, and saw Dean step out of the line of trees. Dean was holding what looked like a bag of food, and his face lit up when he saw Castiel. How long had it been since someone Castiel truly liked had looked that happy to see him?
However they’d arrived at the idea of going to a bar, it didn’t particularly matter when Castiel was thousands of miles away. Had deliberately ditched, in fact, which was more of an obstacle to them having a nice evening out tonight than the distance between them, but Dean wasn’t going to say that directly.
It felt like telling a tree to lift its roots and walk. This was where it had grown, where it belonged. There would be no moving on.
just watched and watched as if this was their last chance, as if this mattered more than anything - and Dean breathed out, moved in a little closer, tilted his head, and -
“‘Scuse me, then,” Dean said, and pushed past her. Charlie met Castiel’s eyes with a look that bordered on frantic, before turning back towards the breakfast room and following Dean in. With sudden trepidation, Castiel took a few steps forward, entering after them.
“Well, when you put it like that…” Castiel took a sip of his too-hot coffee. It was nice and bitter.
“You sure do,” Donna said, beginning to brush at his face with quick, practised movements. “Ah, look at your freckles, it’s a shame to cover them up. But it’s not worth the risk of you looking like a little shiny meatball in the clips. The camera can do some cruel things.”
“Yes.” Castiel says it bluntly, to try to shave off the emotion, make it easier to talk about. Dean’s hand still doesn’t move. Castiel can feel each place Dean’s fingers are digging in slightly through the thin material of his t-shirt. His heart is pounding and he wants to be able to turn it off, quiet it down, hear Dean’s heart instead in the way he could when he had his grace. He wants it with a sudden acuteness, a pang of loss.
“But what if it doesn’t work,” Dean said, making an attempt not to sound too wretched. He watched Castiel, waiting for him to give up, to say this was already too much work, that it wasn’t worth it, and they should just carry on going as they had been.
He paused, letting the flavours mix in his mouth with his eyes narrowed. He had a fleck of chocolate milkshake just below his lower lip. Dean thought it might be enough to instantly unhinge him. He had to look away.
Dean started to say something else but Castiel didn’t wait to read his lips. He levelled his eyes at the tree, and started to walk.
Castiel wanted to hold Dean’s hand. It would be monumental, just the slightest of movements, just the
“Like… shit, what if I come out to Sam and lose him. Literally this afternoon, I could lose my brother. He could be just… gone. Never want to talk to me again. Fuck. And then maybe I say the wrong thing to Cas, and he walks out, and he gets mad again, and I lose Cas too. And even if I don’t, he’s gonna leave anyway after the concert to go on the rest of his tour.” Dean took a deep breath in, and then let it go, slower this time. “I don’t know how to not freak out. I literally don’t know how to stop it. Except for maybe going back to doing what I’ve been doing all this time, but it feels like that’s been wrecked and I can’t go back because I know Cas is out there now and if I try to go back to just a normal life without him, I don’t… shit, I don’t know if I can. And even if I
He was going to make a total ass of himself by just walking off the stage without having sung a note.
“I mean, seriously,” Dean was still saying. “How long have we been doing this, we know what the paps are like, we should’ve known not to just stand there looking like –”
“He said he’ll move out next month.” She waved awkwardly at Castiel, and then at Dean. “Sorry I was the bringer of bad news. Uh, for what it’s worth…” She paused, and then shook her head. “You know what, it’s your business. Just, uh, take care, okay?”
“Nuh-uh, don’t be coy. Tell me all about it, come on. Did you make out the entire movie or just half?”
“I hadn’t seen it from that angle,” he said, no smile on his face but definite humour in the tone of his voice. “How are you feeling?”
Castiel pressed his lips to Dean’s cheek, holding there for a few moments before pulling just a little away.
Dean was glad he was sitting down. He felt his heart swoop and swerve in his chest at the mention of judgement of any kind, even appreciation. His breathing was speeding up. Half a
Castiel looked up at the revenant, and things were different. She was, in herself, ever so slightly different. She was completely still. Even her shadows held in in place.
“So… you’ve guessed who I am. I don’t want to talk too much right now and take up too much time, so I’m just going to thank you all so much for being here and for those performances you gave, and hand it over to the judges. I’m just here to see you all sing, today, and we can chat properly at the concert in a couple of weeks - because you’re all personally invited to a private meet and greet before the show.” He still sounded like Cas, but he was saying things that a celebrity would say, a pop star, someone whom everyone was desperate to meet and who therefore knew he had to manage expectations. Dean didn’t know what to think about that, didn’t know what he should be feeling. It felt like he was swimming in pool made of liquid air, slow-moving and impossible, barely breathable. “So for now, let’s hear the decision!”
“Gabriel, I… I know it was wrong. I just… I wanted you to stop forcing all those women on me, but I didn’t want to lose you.” Castiel swallowed. “So I lied.”
Dean laughed, the adrenaline from performing making everything seem louder and brighter and funnier, and his legs were still not quite his own.
“I try to keep these people safe,” Castiel said, and then corrected himself, “the organisation tries to keep them safe. They only want the best for everyone.”
Dean said the words to thin air. The breeze caught and tugged at them, pulling them away amongst the trees. Noises could hide in there, Dean thought, invisible. But he was solid and human and if he tried to hide here, or downstairs in the apartment, or anywhere, he would be found. In minutes, rather than hours.
Castiel looked up, looked back to Mrs. Crombie, then back up the wooden staircase. It led up to the private levels, including his office.
Cas moved to Dean and touched his shoulder, allowing his fingers to briefly caress his neck before sliding down his arm and away. “Show me your final work, then.” He leaned in and brushed a kiss against his cheek, still feeling a little flutter of pleasure that he was allowed to do this.
Cas doesn’t know what to do or say, so he forces a weak smile. “Thank you, Dad. That means a lot to me.” It did. Or it would, if it were true.
Charlie finished off her beer and set it down on the table with a thunk, possibly louder than intended judging by the way she jumped, then laughed. “Okay, boys. You know, I think I’m going to just head on back home, leave you two alone.” She grinned and actually winked at Castiel.
There was someone touching his hand. Once he was aware of that, he gradually became of a constant low beeping sound as well, and the steady hum of some sort of equipment. On top of that, a sharp, antiseptic odor was layered over obsessive use of soap and other cleansers.
His head did feel floaty. He disliked that intensely, unless it was intentional. He accepted the glass Sam handed him, tipped a few of the ice chips into his mouth. It did feel good; he hadn’t realized just how bad of a cotton mouth he actually had.
“Yes.” Cas swallowed hard. “He… I was young, when we met. Barely eighteen. He wasn’t much older, but he was a great deal more worldly and experienced. I was flattered to receive his attention, and I soaked it up. The attention, and what seemed to be shared interests and passions. After Gabriel left I was mostly left to my own devices at home. College was overwhelming. Bartholomew became my anchor. I was in love with him, or at least with the idea of him and what he was to me. I thought he was in love with me, too.”
“Yes. This is something of a command performance. Even Gabriel knows he’s required to come. Grandmother is starting to point out that she likely doesn’t have many of these occasions left in her, and she wants to see everyone. Even Gabe.”
Burger Heaven was a short walk from their office. It was busy, but then it was always busy. Dean figured that was usually a good sign. After all, you wouldn’t have long lines for places where the food was crap.
“That depends. Thought we’d start with dinner and drinks, and then take it from there? Maybe move on to
“Only vaguely. But it gets the general idea across using shorthand rather than laborious explanations.” He hesitated, not sure he wanted to admit the huge gaps in his popular culture education. Still, conversation required volunteering information now and then, rather than simply answering questions. As far as information to volunteer was concerned, this was nothing compared to some of his other options. “I’ve read the books, but I’ve never actually seen the movie.”
Cas sighed, straightened his napkin on his lap before meeting Dean’s gaze. “Policies aren’t about individual cases, Dean. They’re about creating a fair workplace. Whether or not Jerry and Mildred are capable of maintaining a workplace relationship without impacting the organization isn’t the point.”
The guy— Castiel? that was an odd name — gave her a flat look, but then turned back to Dean. “It’s a pleasure to meet you, Dean,” he said, and gave him an appreciative look, head to toe. Dean’s skin tingled under that regard.
Castiel stole a glance behind as they reached the tunnel. The magical cloud tried to come together, but the wind tore it apart, dispersing it. With one final effort, the last remnants of what had been the spirit of the sorcerer Malak descended upon the nearest human – Richard Roman. Tendrils of smoke entered his boy through his mouth and nostrils. Roman’s eyes opened wide as he choked, his screams suffocated in his throat without release. His skin turned a putrid green, then a shadow of violet cascaded across its surface.
Dean actually grinned at that. “Look at you, getting all smitey and everything. I like it. It’s a good look on you.”
“What is going through your mind right now?” Dean asked, quietly. Respectfully. “Cas. Will you tell me?”
“Hey,” Sam returned Dean’s greeting, walking into the workshop and looking around. “Cabinets. These for Cas’ place?” He trailed a hand over the cherry wood boxes, then moved around to the wall where the cupboard doors were lined up.
“I’ll find out what’s at the yard and running at the moment. Or else I can bring you over there someday soon, and we’ll take a look at the options.”
“Only vaguely,” Castiel admitted. “I remember the woods behind the house, and there’s a stream somewhere back there, too. I think there were frogs, and mud.”
Castiel looked around. The question was depressing, honestly. “There isn’t that much of particular value, but it’s still mine and I would prefer it not be mindlessly destroyed.” And it was all he had.
Dean laughs. “I’m not the kind to kiss and tell. Though I am the kind to kiss. So guess you’ll just have to decide for yourself. Cas? Come with me?” There’s a note of pleading in his tone that’s impossible for Cas to resist.
“Cas is acceptable.” Dean looked up when he said that, then smiled faintly and nodded in approval. Cas ignored the part of his brain that made him feel all warm and happy because of it.
“We’ve known Dean for a long time, Naomi,” Becky says before turning towards him. “Dean, it’s good to see you. And now you and Cas are dating! How long have you been together? It’s been a long time, hasn’t it. You just were too shy to let anyone know, which, you know, that’s silly. Because Chuck and I are entirely supportive of all our children, no matter what. Well, we might not be supportive if they were running around the country committing felonies. We’d still love them, but as good parents, we’d have to not be supportive of those actions. We’d have to lovingly encourage them to do something else entirely.”
They emerged from the interior of the palace to the courtyard. Cas paused, turned his shoulders toward Dean. “Thank you for walking me back here, and my apologies, again, for creating any problems.”
Cas follows Dean’s gaze out to the yard, where the family is gathering to head out to the country club as a group.
“I saw Aaron today,” Sam eventually said. “I was picking up some more diapers for Mariel when he came into the general store.”
They settled in to open boxes, agreeing that figuring out what each box contained would be more valuable than dealing with them one at a time. Thankfully Gabriel did seem to have boxed things based on where they were in Castiel’s apartment, so the organization wasn’t quite as bad as it could have been.
“Yeah. Both. They independently questioned me about the terms of the will. I didn’t say anything more than that I don’t know the details, but that you’d be able to pay for the renovation without tapping family funds. Hint hint, it’s actually good for you two asses if Cas has an independent means of supporting himself.”
His father would look down his nose in scorn at the house. It was small, perched up on a ridge overlooking the ocean, with a modest yard. In the new-moon darkness it was difficult to see anything, but the whitewashed cottage walls reflected what little light came from the city. When he’d seen it he’d been instantly charmed. It had reminded him of the gardener’s cottage of his childhood. Growing a garden wasn’t easy with the salt winds from the Atlantic, but he’d been able to coax some flowers to bloom during the spring and summer months on the leeward side of the structure.
Heaving a sigh of regret he settled back in his chair. He could just write a quick note, but what would he say? It wouldn’t communicate his genuine regret.
“Thanks.” His green-eyed gaze sweeps over Cas as well, lingering here and there… his adam’s apple, his biceps, his hips, his thighs. “You look good too. I like that one. And good choice with the tie. You going to let me do the knot for you?”
Bartholomew. He. Furious. Cas had been in a relationship with another man, a serious enough relationship that he had been exploring options for how the two of them could become parents. Had that been the reason for the end of the relationship? Just how furious was he, and what did this Bartholomew dude do when he was furious?
“No. No. Nothing’s going on. Did you use the expensive wine in this sauce? It tastes… well, I don’t know how to explain it, but it doesn’t have that same weird aftertaste that it does when I try to use wine in cooking, but I usually use the crap that they sell at the grocery store for two bucks a bottle.”
“Hello, Dean.” His adam’s apple bobbed as he swallowed, shifting slightly from foot to foot. “I, um, hope I am not making a complete fool of myself.”
“Awesome. I like it,” Dean said, interrupting Cas’ ponderings. He pulled a small pocket knife out of his back pocket and cut his box open before closing the knife again and tossing it to Cas.
“And now it is too late.” Cas felt a pang at that, and wondered how his life might have been different if he’d been allowed to continue coming to Caroline and spending time with Great Aunt Hester, without any of his brothers around.
When Dean’s tongue lightly licks at Cas’ lower lip, he moans and opens to him, pressing into him like a man dying of thirst. It’s everything he’s ever imagined Dean’s kiss to be, and more.
Her easy acceptance shouldn’t surprise him, and yet it still did. He felt his shoulders relax and his stomach settle back down. “Yeah, mostly. And because my dad… well, let’s just say that saying he wouldn’t have approved of any other options is a gross understatement.”
“I worked one spell, Dean. One. I hardly think that qualifies me to go up against a ritual that’s been planned for… for I don’t even know how long.”
The room was small, prosaic – a typical boarding house room. Castiel had stayed in one similar to this when he’d first accepted the position at the museum, until he’d purchased his cottage. Dean pulled out the simple chair from the desk, turning it towards the bed. He sat on the edge of the bed himself.
He felt violated, outraged. His books! How could anyone do such a thing? Why would they do such a thing? It made no sense. Hot, furious tears stung his eyes, made the back of his throat ache. He wouldn’t release them, couldn’t release them. He clenched his fists, his short nails digging into the meat of his palms as he fought to control the wild surge of emotion.
“Better, yes. Still working on integrating this new paradigm into my world view.” He smiled crookedly. “Take a moment to freshen up. We still need to decide what to do with the soiled clothing from last night. Is there anything else you need to do to make sure no one takes undue note of the… scene?”
“Oh. Hm. Are… are you available to start on the other projects?” His tone was carefully flat and blank, which Dean found oddly encouraging. The fact that Cas was trying not to let any emotion show in his voice meant, had to mean, that there was emotion he didn’t want to show.
“Awesome. Shall we, then? Just let me wash up and we’ll head over there.” Dean had to turn his head aside before Cas saw the delight there. He’d thought, maybe, if he just tossed the invitation out there casually and took action right away, then Cas wouldn’t have time to get too nervous about the whole thing.
“Okay, you’re right. Sorry. Okay, I’ll head out and get the announcement made. You sure there’s nothing more you can tell me?”
Dean growled a frustrated sound. “Yeah, okay, so there’s that,” he conceded defeat. “But… you know Cas. He needs a friend. There’s a damned good chance that I’d ruin that if I tried to take it any farther. And sure, that’s an option, but I don’t know how he’d take it, and if he saw it as betraying the trust he’s cautiously placing in me? I can’t do that. I just can’t.”
“That’s good, because you’re not my type either. Way too many… um… sisterly vibes.” Couldn’t exactly knock the boobs, because he’d been known to enjoy boobs. He liked boobs.
To make matters worse, she leaned down just enough to reveal a hint of cleavage. From a blouse that was unbuttoned one or two buttons lower than it should be.
Cas had tried staying in the old house for a while, but when it turned out to be too hard, he’d sold it and moved to a different house about a mile away, somewhere that wasn’t steeped in memories of Claire’s parents. It was still close enough that Claire and Emma could see each other all the time. Not like they’d ever been within walking distance, not when Dean lived on the ranch property.
The Director regarded Castiel for a moment before leaning forward over his desk. “You may have heard that we had the privilege of a visit from Mr. Richard Roman earlier this week. Are you familiar with the name?”
Cas was threading his way between the tables towards another stack of crates, watching Masters. Dean saw the threat before anything happened -- a box sticking out rather than being safely tucked under the table, right in the guy’s pathway.
What was he going to do? Did he go talk to Cas about this, right away? Cas would say yes. But… but it was more complicated than that, wasn’t it? Bela actually was really good at her job. Naomi’s position was a big jump, but not quite such a big jump that it was utterly unbelievable.
Under Cas’ watchful eye, Dean stretched out and cracked an eye open. “Good morning,” he said, voice still rough from lack of sleep.
Cas manages not to grind his teeth at the nickname. He’s long since given up on trying to get Gabe to change. “Yes. I was not nearly so proficient as Dean, but I held my own. He’s been teaching me a little.” Which isn’t a lie. It’s just that it’s been probably three years since the last time they went to a shooting range for an afternoon’s entertainment.
Cas smiled back, the small little smile that made the corners of his eyes crinkle and the blue turn a soft, warm color. Dean thought that might be his favorite Cas smile.
“Yes, he can be. Even when it makes no sense. If I were to live off of this, I would no longer need to draw down from other familial resources.”
“Then I will continue working on the translation. I hope that you will find some means to occupy yourself.” He pulled the book and his work out of his satchel once more, arranging it on the desk. He offered the completed pages to Dean so that he could read through them.
Castiel handed Dean a mug of hot tea sweetened with honey, checking that the blanket was still snugly wrapped around his shoulders before he sat beside him, close enough that their thighs and shoulders touched. “You’re sure you’re well?” he asked, reaching out to brush Dean’s hair from his brow, careful not to touch the rapidly coloring bruise near his temple.
“Hey. Nice to meet you, Gabe. Sorry I couldn’t make it to the wake, but I was at the service. Sorry for your loss. Mrs. Albright was an institution in Caroline. The town is the worse for her absence.”
“No, no, of course not. So he fixed the electric? And you can use the kitchen without worrying it’s going to burn down around your ears?”
“Well this fucking sucks. I sure as hell didn’t seek any sexual favors from Bela Talbot. She’s… fuck. I wouldn’t. There’s only one person in this company that I’ve ever wanted to sleep with, and you can certainly attest that I’ve never once made a move on you despite ample opportunities, because I
Dean laughed in sheer overwhelmed relief. “Wow.” Then he laughed again. “Look at you. You look amazing, and here I am in worn out sweats and a t-shirt.”
He was reading through the last year’s worth of commission reports when someone knocked on his door frame. He looked up, startled to see that it had gotten dark outside without his noticing.
Once they were both seated and had taken a first drink of the beer, Castiel looked at Dean, silently encouraging him to begin.
“And they’re already targeting us, me, so there’s no net change there. All right.” He finished the coffee, pouring both of them a mug full, then came to sit on his desk chair. “I have been thinking further, and… well. If they didn’t find what they were looking for at my office, it seems as though there would be little reason for them to return there, and every reason for them to come here, so a delay in returning to the museum and cleaning up the damage seems a reasonable price to pay for ensuring that no one comes here, or if they do that I at least have a chance to stand my ground and defend my belongings.”
He watched Dean a moment longer, then nodded once and turned on his heel, moving silently back towards the chaos of the courtyard. Dean followed, and most emphatically did not notice that he had a nice ass. Or nice legs, muscular runner’s legs. Nope. He did not notice that. Not at all.
A wave of fondness swept through him at her word choice. We. She wasn’t a dragon, but she considered herself part of the Novak Wing, even after everything that had happened. Maybe the more so because of it. Shared crises tended to either bring people together or drive them apart. Those humans who remained with the Wing were fiercely devoted to the Novaks, and vice versa.
Dean slumped down on his sofa, the TV playing a channel he wasn’t terribly interested in; it was some sort of a train wreck of a dating show, but it was noise. He’d been out of the hospital four days now. Sam had stayed until yesterday, mother henning him in a way that was both annoying and somehow gratifying at the same time.
“I like it,” Cas agreed. “It makes the green of the trees outside more intense, and in the winter it will make the room seem visually warmer.”
Dean smiled, cocky at first, then easing into something more fond and gentle. “Tell you what. How about I let you take care of me for a day or two? Make me some chicken soup, prop me up in bed and swaddle me in blankets?”
Dean smiled then, and Castiel’s heart flipped in his chest. He was in so much danger, but just now he didn’t care. The euphoria over finding he could work magic needed an outlet.
Whatever this tight aching feeling in his chest was, it wasn’t disappointment. Couldn’t be disappointment if he’d never hoped for anything in the first place, right? Maybe it was indigestion, or maybe lingering aches from the slash across his torso, hip to shoulder. It was going to leave a scar, though the doctors assured him that in time it would be faint, nothing more than a line. Still, he was vain enough that it bothered him.
He was halfway between the harbor and his home when he heard a strange sound, unusual in the city. It sounded like nothing so much as high-pitched whistling, louder and sharper than a police whistle, and with an odd reverberating quality. He cringed against it; it hurt his ears. He straightened and looked about, but saw nothing to explain the sound. Well. This
“Violation of the anti-fraternization policy carries with it punishments ranging from an official letter of warning in your file, which will follow you for your entire career, up to and including termination.”
Deli turkey, really? If that was their Thanksgiving meal, it was even more pathetic than the frozen turkey product in the aluminum pan.
Castiel nodded. “I’ll email you the list of agents. I’d recommend Meg Masters, though you are of course free to choose anyone or none of them. Meg can be irreverent and sarcastic, but she’s very good at her job.”
Dean laughed, a chuckle that was both amused and a little disbelieving, then dipped back in again for another kiss, firmer this time. His hand slid up his shoulder to curve around the back of Cas’ neck, fingers drifting over the short hairs there.
“Wow. Who knew the whole Country Club experience could be so exhausting?” he complains. “Holy shit. It’s like you have to be playing your mental ‘A’ game the whole time, or someone’s going to skewer you with your own words. And that’s your family. Wow, Cas. Just… wow.”
For a delusional moment he even thought Cas’ gaze dropped to his own lips, some weird sadness in his eyes.
Cas looked at him then, and wow. How had Dean missed just how blue his eyes were before? His throat went a little dry. “So you’re a car enthusiast?” Cas asked. His gaze briefly dropped down away from his eyes, but quickly flicked back up. Was that a faint cast of pink spreading across his cheeks?
“It took some time, yeah,” Dean admitted, his arms sliding around Cas, too. “Worth it. I hoped you’d approve.”
“Well, I probably shouldn’t have. But I have a couple minutes before I fall asleep on you, so what the hell.”
“Gabriel,” Mom says in her best Mom voice. It has the usual impact – almost none. He does go quiet, but he still smirks at them.
“As you should be. What classes are you taking now, again? Get that paper done you were complaining about last time?” Dean listened to Sam talking about his classes, letting the sound of his brother’s familiar voice help him to relax.
He carefully saved his work, then stood up and stretched. If he was going to do this — and he was going to do this, he told himself — then he should get going. He was dressed well enough for an outing. Castiel made a point out of dressing for work even though he didn’t have to, the ritual of showering and then getting dressed in something nicer than sweats and an old, worn tee helping to shift his mindset into ‘author’ mode. If Dean was going to be over and working in the house, sometimes he would dress a little less formally, in case he ventured into the construction area. More usually, he wore trousers or jeans that were still stiff and deeply colored, along with a cotton shirt. If it was cool he’d add a sweater or sweatshirt, but that was rarely the case anymore since the furnace had been tuned up.
Just because he was going home didn’t mean he couldn’t spend a little more time with the book once he’d eaten.
“Of course it does. We do it. You know, like if we’re watching TV and that one commercial comes on that I always laugh at but you think is stupid? You give me a look, and I know you’re really saying ‘I don’t understand why you think this stupid commercial is entertaining’ and I give you a look back and you know I’m really saying ‘because I’m an immature moron, suck it up and deal with it’.”
February in Caroline was usually blah. It wasn’t so bad when there was snow on the ground. The snow covered a multitude of sins, making everything look all white and clean and sparkly in the sun. The first couple snowfalls in the season were downright magical, especially when they came in conjunction with the holiday displays along Main Street. The snow reflected the pretty lights and the big red ribbons tied around massive green wreathes. But half the time there wasn’t that much snow left in February, after a couple of mid-winter mini-thaws, like this year. No snow meant everything was just brown and sad and muddy.
“Yeah, well, there will be lots of people around. You can get by with not doing a whole lot of that. Seems simple enough to me. You can’t get out of the wedding. You no longer have a date, though you responded with a plus-one. I can take a couple days off easily enough, and I get a free luxury vacation out of the deal. Sounds like a neat and tidy solution to me.”
“Yeah, but I really need to catch up on some of my other stuff before I start something like a major remodel. At a minimum he needs to do something with the kitchen, if he doesn’t go with a larger addition. He
“Awesome. I’ll have it stacked in the front room, and then if you want I can help you move it to wherever you want it.” Dean’s footsteps retreated.
A moment later he was coming in through the apartment’s front door. “Heya, Cas,” Dean called out a greeting, carrying a grocery bag. “I know you said you had everything you needed, but there was a produce stand on the corner of the park, and I couldn’t resist. I bought a watermelon. They were giving away samples, and it was amazing. Watermelon is pretty boring if it’s not ripe enough, but get it at optimum ripeness? So good.” He carried his bag over the small but beautifully crafted dining table.
“You’re not a moron.” Cas pauses. “That commercial is moronic, so I suppose you occasionally exhibit tendencies in that direction. But on the whole? Not a moron.”
“Then… we’ll talk about that.” He moved to the cupboard where he kept some food for the moment. Cas might not have a full kitchen at his disposal right now, but he still managed to do a good job with limited resources. He could do things with a microwave and electric grill that amazed Dean.
“No. In fact, it is in much better condition than when you left. Dean finished with the electric upgrade and replaced everything that was a hazard. He’s ordered a new furnace, and it should arrive next week.”
“If you see him again, please express my thanks for his well wishes.” Cas could have Sam pass on that sort of wish. He was grateful to not have to do it himself. He still didn’t much care for meeting new people, especially those who would be gone before he could blink. There was far too much stress around that.
“Give it to me,” Castiel said, standing up and holding out his hands for the book. When Mr. Winchester didn’t comply quickly enough, he wiggled his fingers. “The book. Give it to me.”
“He said he’d spent a little time on the property when he was in high school, had fond memories of the place. He was glad to hear that it was getting fixed up.”
He didn’t have that much to offer anyone. Maybe it would come across as rakish and dangerous, rather than ugly.
“Thanks. Anyhow. He’s thinking of staying?” That was interesting. Dean hadn’t really thought Hester’s city-boy family would have any interest in the property. Part of him was disappointed. Not like he’d be able to afford the place himself anyhow, but… if it had come up for sale, he would have at least tried.
“Nope. I take it black.” Most of the time. Once in a while, if no one was looking, he might add a splash of one of those fancy flavorings Sam and Jess kept. He was particular to the amaretto, of all things, though he’d never admit it. Hazelnut wasn’t bad, either, but that amaretto shit was amazing. That pumpkin spice crap was pretty awesome, too, no matter how much he mocked his brother about it.
“I am perfectly capable of creating flower beds and a vegetable garden without professional assistance.”
He closed his eyes as he lowered his head against her. If he couldn’t entirely halt the undesired tears, he could at least hide them.
“Not much, thank God. Rufus did all of that before he ate that salad. See, I told you that rabbit food isn’t as good for you as you’re always saying.”
Gabriel sighed. “I’ll do it. I can run back up there in a couple days, get your stuff packed up and shipped down here. I have to take care of some business anyhow.”
He knows better than to mess with anything in Cas’ office, though, and Cas isn’t so much into sports, though he doesn’t mind the occasional baseball game when Dean talks him into going.
“Package came, Cas,” Dean said, stepping in and setting the box down on the side table. “DIdn’t know you were expecting anything.”
“Absolutely. Give me an hour or two to look around, and I’ll give you a preliminary report. I’m not a licensed electrician or plumber, but I know enough to be able to give you an idea about where the trouble spots are. I’ll tell you what really needs to be addressed sooner rather than later, and what you can hold off on for a while because it’s either just cosmetic or it’ll hold up for another year or two. I don’t know how extensive the work you’ll want to do here is.”
Castiel hadn’t yet done a full walk-through of the property, but he didn’t have to. “It needs some work,” he allowed.
Castiel looked around and sighed. “No. It’s… well. It will take a great deal of time to restore the books to their proper places, and more importantly, to assess how much damage has been done to them, and how much they might be repaired. Or what can’t be repaired.”
“I’ll have one with caramel, thank you. And no, you shouldn’t branch into baked goods, too. You’re not set up for that, and it would take a large investment.”
Castiel stilled, his pulse spiking and a chill running down his spine. He looked down at his brother. “I don’t want to go back there.”
Oh. The reader copies of the first book of his, of Steven Emmanuel’s, new series. Hannah had told him she was shipping them
“That makes you a man of mystery.” He grinned. “People like to solve mysteries. It’s cool, though. Maybe someday day you’ll be comfortable going into town and conducting that everyday business in person. But if not, that’s cool, too. Your life, your choices. I’m just glad you’re letting me have a little corner of it. You’re pretty awesome, dude.”
“Because it’s loud and things go boom! Look, though, Cas. Everything that’s supposed to still be standing is still standing. Even the plastic is still intact.” Dean and his crew had meticulously installed temporary walls with high-grade plastic stapled to them, designed to keep the construction dirt away from the parts of the house that were still in use. “Couldn’t have gone any better.”
“Following in my father’s footsteps. What about you? How did you get interested in languages, and books?”
Gabe laughed, but then turned more serious. “One more thing, bro. I haven’t been spending much time with the elders, but I’ve been hearing things. Mikey and Luc are still pissy about Great Aunt Hester cutting them out. So keep your eyes open, okay? I don’t trust them.”
Soon they were all seated and eating dinner, Mariel placed in a booster seat between Sam and Jessica. The conversation deliberately avoided any mention of the would-be arsonist at Cas’ house.
He laughs, stands up. “Yes ma’am. It would be my pleasure.” He flashes a quick grin at Cas, brushes his fingers lightly through his hair, then heads off to the dance floor with his mother. Cas is more than content to let him go. Dean enjoys dancing, throwing himself into it with enthusiasm.
“No excuses, sunshine. You don’t have to win the state ballroom dance championship. You just have to stand on the dance floor with me, put one hand on my waist, or maybe my ass if you’re feeling daring, and hold my other hand, then sway vaguely in time with the music. It’s easy.”
“You tell me. What are you up for?” Dean paused to study him. “You just got sick from looking at it.”
Dean hid out in his apartment for a few days, bingeing on pizza and beer and his complete boxed set of Dr. Sexy. He didn’t want to think about looking for a new job yet. He couldn’t let it go too long, but… a little longer.
