me. Thank you, Cas.  Believe me, I'm not taking that lightly.  I know I've been edging you out of your comfort zone, but I'm trying not to push too hard.  It's just... I can tell there are things you
Dean grabbed a duffel bag full of weapons from under his bed, slipped a small gun into his jacket pocket, and flew down the stairs.
Sam's jaw dropped, mostly at the revelation that Castiel, angel of the Lord, even knew what BDSM was.  "Um.  Kind of.
"I have no idea.  Probably something Italian.  He usually does some sort of pasta when he has company.  He makes his own sauce, and it cooks all day, so the whole place smells amazing."
"Good.   I know you feel a little disappointed about the illness worsening, but you've made some great strides socially. I'm very proud of you.  Let me get you your prescriptions and the paperwork for your boss, and you can head out."
of it - the praise, the attention, the break from his stressful adult life, the unconditional love with no expectations, someone to take care of him...
"I think so too.  I wish all of my patients had your support system. Are you friends? Or still dating?"
"Nah," Dean shook his head. "More like a bit of PTSD.  I had a dream..." he trailed off tiredly rubbing at his eyes.
Quickly, he stripped off his layered shirts and tossed them in a wrinkled pile the floor.  He was usually much more meticulous about things, but right now, taking a few extra steps to the laundry hamper was the last thing on his mind. He kicked off his shoes and unbuttoned his khakis, letting them pool at his feet before kicking them into the pile, then yanked his socks off.  Taking a deep breath, he let his boxers fall to the floor, then he crawled onto the bed, trying to awkwardly arrange himself so that he didn't look so exposed.
"Right there?" Cas asked innocently, licking over the area again before giving it a little suck and nibble.
"Hey, hey," Dean said, resting one knee on the bed next to him as he examined the handcuffs.  "I'm gonna get you out of here, okay?  Just relax... Head up," he said as he began untying the gag.
, actually. There are so many things I've been scared to do for so long... For years I've built them up in my head, making them seem a lot scarier than they are. I mean, it wasn't scary at all," Cas laughed, feeling his face flush again.
"Ohh!" Cas fell backwards, moaning embarrassingly loud as Dean hovered over him and began slowly pulling off his boxers.  His cock sprung free of the restrictive fabric, and he stared up breathlessly as Dean licked his lips and continued.
"Hey," Cas whispered softly, trying not to get Sam's attention.  Luckily, Sam was already engrossed in the day's newspaper as he picked at his breakfast.  "You okay?"
They piled out of the van and Dean walked him to his door, grabbing his arm tightly as Cas nearly slipped on the icy patch again.
His heart was pounding faster now, and Sam felt as if he'd just come back from a good run.  He didn't
"Oh," Cas breathed in surprise, the thought of actually touching Dean so intimately sending goosebumps up his arms.
Dean sighed again. He closed his eyes and took a deep breath, thinking about how he used to watch Sammy play.  It always seemed so effortless for him.  He focused again on the toy Impala, thinking about how much it looked like Dad's... wait,
Again, Dean coaxed him up, this time all the way up on his knees as he sucked tiny red welts across his shoulder. "Still feel like this is bad or dirty?" he asked softly.
Dean did his best to bite back the laugh that burbled up in his throat.  "Are you suggesting that I'm going to take you right here, right now?"
"Yessss," Cas breathed. "I feel really good, actually. Is the music coming from me? I mean... am I making the music right now?"
"You asked," Gabriel shrugged. "So anyway, let me know as soon as possible if they're coming so I know how much to cook."
Cas nodded wordlessly, and Dean let him get a grip before opening the tiny swinging gate and stepping inside. "C'mon," he said, reaching a hand out.
When the alarm went off the next morning, Cas groaned and hit his snooze button.  He didn't want to go to work today.  Meg would surely be back and he wasn't sure he could face her after her toddler hissy fit yesterday.  Come to think of it,
Cas nodded determinedly and lowered himself gently down against Dean's cock, but after just one try, he was certain it wasn't going to fit. It wasn't the length he was worried about; Dean was fairly average in that department, but he was girthier than Cas, and that little bit made all the difference.
Dean grinned as he came up for air. "S'okay, baby," he whispered. "You've been such a good boy. You can talk now. In fact, I want you to talk to me for this next part."
Dr. Mitchell smiled.  "I'm happy for you.  We've talked about your intimacy issues before, and how you don't like people touching you.  Are you having any anxiety about that you'd like to talk through?"
"Oh fuck," Sam muttered, rolling his eyes at Cas's wide-eyed sincerity.  "No.  A pill, Cas.  Did you take something?"
"'Bout damn time," he grumbled. "Don't worry, I cleaned the guns and got everything packed up myself."  He walked around to the trunk and threw the bags in, then climbed into the passenger's seat.
As they lay there, panting and sweaty, basking in the afterglow, Dean began softly nipping and nuzzling him, pulling him in even tighter.
"Look, whatever you guys do is your own business, Cas.  I don't need to know."  Sam was sitting at the kitchen table sipping his coffee, and looking a bit skittish.
Since they had both bonded over Star Trek, Dean had recently loaned him his copy of 'Redshirts' by John Scalzi, and so far, Cas was really enjoying it.  Last night, he was laughing so hard he could barely breathe, but after reading the same paragraph three times tonight, he finally gave up.   He closed his eyes and sighed, restlessly tapping his foot on the bed.
"Oh my god." Cas made a strangled gasp as Dean gently began sucking and bucked his hips forward again.
"Cas," Dean whined. "Don't make me do this..." he gave his arm a halfhearted shove as the shirt slipped down over his head.
He frowned as a knock on the door rattled them from their conversation, and he rolled his eyes as Dean grinned.
me?" Cas asked, cocking his head slightly and narrowing his eyes as if he were trying to decide whether or not this was some sort of cruel joke.
"Cas," Dean sighed. He walked up behind him and grabbed the back end of the stick. "Bend over. More. Get the ball at eye level." He coaxed him into position, shoving gently on his back until he acquiesced. "Good." Guiding Cas's left hand onto the table, he bent his fingers to guide the cue smoothly. "There. Just like this," he murmured as he focused on the ball. "Now just draw back nice and smooth. Get the feel for it." He wrapped one hand around Cas's and pulled back on the stick with his other, letting it glide through their fingers a few times. It wasn't until he heard a tiny whimper escape Cas's throat that he realized how crazy-intimate this suddenly felt.
Dean smiled and stretched his arm out so that Cas could snuggle in. "Yeah, you did. Part of me knew he couldn't be too bad.  He raised you, after all.  I was still nervous as hell though," he grimaced. "Guess I'm not usually a 'meet the family' kind of guy."
"Well, since you're already blushing, let's just get the sex stuff out of the way too, yeah?" she laughed. "Any breakthroughs?"
Dean stifled a sophomoric giggle. "Can I? I can't wait to have some of your cherry pie," he teased, licking his lips suggestively.
"Good.  Just making sure. Well, I generally don't focus on relationships, but clearly you have a bit of a mental roadblock when it comes to sex.  I can refer you to a colleague of mine if you'd like some more in-depth relationship counseling.  But I think you have a pretty good grasp of what you want and need.  Your partner seems incredibly attentive and patient, so just keep the conversation going.  Be honest.  Tell him what you need, and be vocal about what you're not ready for.  And remember, sex is a totally normal, natural thing.  You're not dirty or bad for having it.  Just be safe.  A good way to feel more comfortable is to experiment with yourself. I assume you masturbate?"
Cas had always been passionate about music, but he didn't realize how much more intense live music could be.  As the next two hours progressed, he found himself awash in emotions, forgetting everything but how the music made him feel. He was singing along with Dean, belting it out with the crowd at times without the slightest hint of self-consciousness.  He was silently introspective during the slow songs, goosebumps prickling his entire body as the crowd sat transfixed, so quiet you could hear a pin drop.  At one point, he was so overwhelmed by it all - in a good way - he could feel his eyes stinging with tears.
.  Well hey.  It's been a long day here, and I think I'm going to try to sleep.  You can call me if you need anything though, okay?"
Cas spun around, embarrassed that he'd been heard, and he sighed in relief as he realized it was just Hannah.
Dean lay there for a moment, trying to figure out what to say. "Jesus, Cas. Why haven't you told me this before?"
Cas groaned and slapped a hand to his forehead.  "In that case," he laughed.  "Maybe I could stay just a little longer..."
Cas nodded and gently tugged the leash,  leading him to the simple dining chair in the corner of Dean's bedroom, where they had done this so many times before.  He quickly shrugged out of his jackets and unbuttoned his pants, kicking them, along with his boxer shorts, toward the center of the room.  With firm, steady hands, he unwrapped Dean's towel and tossed it in the pile with his clothes before sitting down.
"It's okay," Cas laughed.  "Sometimes I think I'd love to go to a concert, but the crowds are just too stressful.  Everyone standing shoulder to shoulder, practically sweating on each other..." he shuttered.  "I love the music so much though, so it kind of sucks."
Dean let himself go limp as Cas washed his hair, tilting his head back and rinsing it with cups of fresh water.
"Ruff!" Dean grinned and lunged forward, knocking Cas on his back and stepping on him with his 'paws'.
"Okay," Cas nodded, his anxiety slowly building as they got closer to saying their goodbyes.  "Be careful driving home."
Dean narrowed his eyes questioningly as Cas turned red, but said nothing.   "Sit," he motioned to the couch. "Let's find something to watch."  He flipped the TV on and scrolled through Netflix for a bit, and between the two of them, they settled on a comedy neither of them had seen before.
Dean sighed and conceded.  After all, showering with Cas seemed like a pretty good reason to crawl out of bed.
were more than he could take.  He dug his fingertips into Dean's shoulders, desperately clawing for anything to hold on to as Dean bucked his hips faster, spurring him on with a little dirty talk.
A loud knock on the door startled them both and Cas tried to pull away, but Dean held his head firmly in place.   He raised a finger to his lips and gave him a stern look.
A man with a gnarled grey beard and a worn, holey jacket waved timidly as they came near and Cas patted his pockets, lamenting the fact that he never carried cash anymore.
"Whoa.  Slow down there,  Speedy Gonzales," Dean said as Cas poured his fourth drink in less than five minutes.  He perched himself on the edge of the bed, trying to get comfy without making things too weird.  "You're human now. You can't drink a liquor store like you used to, you know."
The older gentleman had sat down on the cold concrete, wrapping himself with a thin, ratty blanket from his bag, but he jumped up as he heard Dean's voice.
"Yeah? Because the view's not bad from here either," Dean breathed.  He inched forward and kissed him, possessively gripping Cas's hair with one hand while drawing his body closer with the other. "I brought something," he whispered slyly as he pulled away.
of someone touching me is worse than the actual contact.  Like I'm getting too worked up over nothing, to be honest. I mean, I've always known that was the case.  But I build it up in my head until it's big and terrifying.  It's still a little scary, but I can do it. Not with everyone, obviously, but people I like and trust.  And actually, I just realized that once I relax... I kind of enjoy it."
Cas gave him a sly smile and backed up to remove his own clothing before kneeling on the bed next to him.
Dean shrugged and mentally prepared himself while Cas warmed him up with his fingers.  The plug was larger than Dean expected, and he groaned as it slowly pressed inside of him.
80s stuff -  The Smiths.  Morrissey.  The Cure.  Joy Division. Siouxsie and the Banshees. A lot of rock - Bowie.  Dylan.  Cohen. Springsteen.  Waits. Way too much to mention. I uh, also like lounge-y stuff like the Rat Pack..."
Cringing, Cas opened his eyes.  He couldn't bear looking at Dean while he was so exposed, but Dean was once again persistent.
With that, Dean sprung into action. Cas watched in rapt fascination as he began pressing buttons and sliding levers at a frantic pace, molding the music to fit the electric atmosphere in the room. For a moment, Dean looked so intense and blissful in his own little world, that Cas startled when he glanced over to give him a wink.
Dean stood and took the glass from Cas's hands, placing them both back on the dresser. "And with that,  I say we try to sleep this off.  What do you think? "
Without a word, Dean knelt down, positioning himself between Cas's open legs while he stared straight ahead at his flaccid cock.
"Nah.  Closest shelter is full up," Henry grumbled. "Didn't get there soon enough. I'll be alright.  Been through worse."
his body now, like his entire body was pulsating, and each beat felt in perfect sync with his heartbeat. The feeling was intoxicating. He hurried back toward Sam and his friends, but he couldn't help dancing a bit as he walked. By the time he reached them, he couldn't stop himself. He was dancing with reckless abandon, just as he did when he was home alone.
Dean sighed, blissfully nuzzling his forehead while running his fingers through Cas's hair.  "I'm so glad you let me come along for the ride. Well hey, try to go back to sleep for a bit, sweetheart. It's early and neither of us slept much. We don't have to be to Gabe's for hours yet."
Dean's hips stuttered again. He was so damn out-of-his-mind horny he was practically humping the air. "I... uh..."
"Yeah, I know.  But everything is cancelled.  Schools, events, a lot of factories, even.  I told my workers not to come in today.  You guys aren't closed?
Cas stared up at him like the thought had never occurred to him.  "Oh.  Okay."  He slowly climbed out of bed, opened the door, and padded off down the hallway to the bathroom.
Tentatively, Cas's hands worked downward, and Dean bit back a moan as they gripped at his ass.  He kept thinking about how weird this should feel, but it didn't.  He'd been denying this for so long, it was like the dam had burst and there was no way he could stop it now.
It was two full agonizing days before Cas awoke.  While Sam occupied his worried mind with research, Dean mourned as if he were dead.  He'd put Cas's lifeless body on his own bed, watching over him 24/7. The last time he'd lost Cas, he'd nearly drank himself to death, and he had been well on his way again when he finally woke up.
He drummed anxiously on the steering wheel as he drove, silently seething at Sam for bringing this up again.  If he was being completely honest, it wasn't like he'd never thought about it.  Cas was a pretty attractive guy, in a dorky tax-accountant sort of way.  Most of the time, any dirty thoughts occurred in his dreams, but on rare occasion, those deep blue eyes would haunt his memory when he was jerking off.  Those were the nights he'd lie awake cursing himself for being an awful friend until he finally fell asleep, guilt gnawing at his stomach.  It might be different if he thought Cas was interested, but it was a stupid, one-sided infatuation that he'd been pushing down for the last few years.  He wasn't sure if he could ever be in a 'relationship' with Cas,  but he was sure as hell attracted to him.
"Sleepy boy," Cas smiled tenderly.  "Are you ready to get out, or would you like to play with the bath toys for a little bit?"
"Property of Dean Winchester," Cas read aloud from the little round dog tag. "Oh," he simpered self-consciously. "Dean..."
Dean grimaced.  "Sorry, sweetheart. I'm just going to find Henry a place to sleep then we'll go do our thing. Is that okay?"
"Well you have company.  Thought you might be naked after your little sleepover last night!"  He waggled his eyebrows suggestively.
Cas rolled his eyes, "Shut up. Sorry, I didn't plan on staying so long. I had a few rough days and Dean insisted on taking care of me."
Dean frowned and nodded distractedly.  "Well hey, we're about to grab something from Kwik Meal. What can I get you? Chicken? Lamb? Falafel?"
"I'm so sorry, sweetheart. I know it's cold out here and we're hungry, and our food is getting cold..."
"Hey, Cas," Sam said in a gentle, soft spoken voice as he reached forward to shake his hand.  "I've heard so much about you. Seriously, Dean hasn't shut up in weeks."
Cas rolled his eyes and took a deep breath.  "I'm going to start your dinner.  There are clothes in the bathroom for you.  Go change, and when you come out, you will be Dee - until I say so, unless you safeword.  You've been emotionally stunted since the age of four, so I think it would be best if we try to get you into that mindset today."
Dean reached for his plate, still trying to stifle a grin. He couldn't look at Cas's blushing face just yet lest he burst out laughing. "Thank you," he managed weakly.
Cas waited patiently as Dean ran through a battery of sound tests with the audio technician.  Just as they finished, the lights dimmed and a series of glowing colored lights and spotlights started moving around the room.  "Whoa," he murmured, completely caught off guard.
Cas's eyes were squeezed tightly closed and he was gritting his teeth, and with his free hand, Dean coaxed his chin in his direction.
to sex.  This was just cuddling for the sake of comfort - it wasn't something he was used to, but damn if he didn't like it.
Cas sighed.  "No.  It's not a sex-thing!  It's exactly what you saw.  Dean gets to become his child-self, and I take care of him.  He can take a break, shut down from his adult life, and do some things he never got to do as a kid.  That's it."
"I... Uh... I'm afraid if I continue working at this rate, I'll b-be fired," he stuttered nervously.  "But I know I tend to shut down sometimes when I'm alone.  So I don't know."
"It definitely seems to help," the doctor said, "but you're still getting attacks fairly frequently. We can keep you on it if you'd like, but I'd prefer to try you on something else for a while."
"So impatient," he murmured, as Dean's hips rocked forward.  "So you like that?" he asked innocently, reaching up to tease the nipple between his fingers.
"Cas, I don't want to..." His eyes were suddenly watering and he was panting fearfully. "Please don't..."
Cas grunted and groaned and flat-out yelled as Dean grabbed hold of his hips and began pounding into him. The slapping of skin against skin was deafening though Cas could barely hear it over his own moaning, and at Dean's suggestion, he reached between his legs and half-heartedly tugged at his cock.
long, but their friendship had made the transition much easier.    Still, intimacy was never Dean's strong suit.  Sex, he could do, but intimacy... that was a different story altogether.  He was trying though, and if anyone could get him to relax, it was Cas.
As the van crawled to a stop along the side of a quiet, deserted highway, Cas frowned at Dean in confusion.
He had no idea where they were going, and he wasn't really paying attention to the road ahead, rather, Cas was in his own little world, holding onto Dean and watching his step on the somewhat slippery sidewalk.  So when he glanced up to see the shining beacon that was the Rockefeller Christmas tree, he stopped dead in his tracks.
Dean couldn't deal with crying.  If it went on too long, he'd break down and start bawling like a baby himself.  The poor guy had been through way too much in the last few weeks.  "Hey," he interrupted.  "Okay, okay.  No tears.  Take a deep breath for me, then lie down on the bed, alright?  I'll hook you up."  Cas's wide, hopeful puppy dog eyes met his own and he melted again.
Cas scowled and bent to pick Scout up, nuzzling her face against his. "Was that bastard using you to get himself laid? Come on," he murmured, sighing happily at the purring bundle of fur as he retreated to the living room.
"Both of you shut up and eat your pie," Gabriel interrupted. "Then go downstairs already. You're both so disgustingly googly-eyed I feel guilty keeping you here. It's obvious you're in that lovey-dovey-can't-keep-your-hands-off-each-other phase, so go and... put your hands on each other."
Cas was still confused, but he didn't hesitate. He kicked off his shoes and his suit pants and crawled in to the back seat, closing the door behind him.
Cas snuggled in close and closed his eyes. As good as he was feeling, he was ready for this little adventure to just be over already. There was no way in hell he could sleep right now, but he was finally happy to just sit still and let the sound of Dean's heartbeat ground him.
"Yeah," Cas said, rubbing tiredly at his face.  "I didn't plan on sleeping so long.  You could have yelled at me."
Cas sighed impatiently.   He should be used to Dean's stubbornness by now, but it was still frustrating.
Instead of incriminating the both of them, he turned his attention to his second love, eyeing up the impossibly thick slice of blueberry pie in front of him. It had been a while since he'd had a good slice, and his mouth was watering just looking at it.  He picked up his fork and shoveled a big bite into his mouth.
"I don't... It's just... I'm a virgin!" Cas blurted. "Oh my god..."  He clamped a hand over his mouth, feeling absolutely mortified.
Gabriel was sitting in the cushy velvet chair across from him, paging through a magazine while Cas aimlessly flipped through channels with the remote.  "Is that your phone?" he asked suddenly, looking around for the source of the buzzing noise that had just sounded.
"Me too, Cas," Dean smiled.  "So... I guess I'll see you in a week?   I mean, we still have a date next Friday, right?"
"She really does.  So... Like I said, I know nothing about trance music.  You create it all?  I mean... how do you...
," Cas continued.  "And it's not like you haven't met him before. Why are you so nervous all of a sudden?"
Cas sniffled and buried his face in Dean's chest.  "Right," he grumbled bitterly, "you didn't even touch me and I came in my pants. And why the hell am I crying? Fucking pathetic."
A faint blush of pink crept over Dean's cheeks, and Cas just pressed a hand to his face, smiling like an idiot. "That's funny, because I hate you both."
Sam smiled. "It's not for everyone. People love running or hate it, it seems. There's no in between.  And god, you sound like Dean. Do you go to a gym?"
"Okay, okay.  Shhhh.  You're okay, Cas," he murmured soothingly as Cas's body finally went slack on the bed. He slid into the spot beside him and coaxed Cas into his arms as he gently carded his fingers through his hair.
"And I told you, that noise is just the furnace kicking on.  It's old and clunky, but its nothing to be afraid of."
"Alright, alright.  I've never told anyone this but..." Dean paused to let out a deep sigh.  "Sometimes if I'm flipping through stations and Taylor Swift is on... I stop."
Dean, immediately snapped out of both sleep and littlespace, bolted up and threw the bear across the room.
"Yeah, that's good. Aaaand... Effortlessly cool." Gabriel bent down and rolled neat, one-inch cuffs on the bottom of his jeans. "What do you think?"
"Hrmph," Dean grumbled.  "Okay, okay.  But I can't guarantee I won't be making out with you if I get a break..." he murmured kissing a trail up the side of Cas's neck.
This time, Dean couldn't stop the laughter burbling up from his throat. "Ah yeah.  It feels good until morning."
"Aww, baby," Dean whispered as he kissed his cheek.  "I can tell you're exhausted. So let's get you off quick.  You're gonna help me."
Cas shrugged.  "It's okay. I've been having kind of an off day anyway.  Tired, anxious. I don't know what's going on. Maybe it's just the medication increase messing with me. I'm sure it'll even out soon.  I guess you got the sound issue fixed?"
"Dean," he shuddered as he was suddenly pressed close to Dean's body, hands running up and down the length of his back side.   He could feel his skin prickling and he was nearly dizzy from
"Shhh, shh.  It's okay, sweetheart. Really." He shoved off with his right foot, gliding his feet as he tried to get enough momentum to pull Cas along behind him.  "Just don't let me run into anybody, okay?" he teased as he slowly skated backwards.
"Here," he said softly, handing Cas the balled-up wad of clothes.  "I'll uh... I'll wait out here," he said, motioning for the hallway.  Now that he wasn't trying to rescue him anymore, seeing Cas naked felt all sorts of wrong.
"You'd better," Dean said, shoving him roughly onto his back and smothering him in a long, lingering kiss. "I'd hate to have to tie you up again and show you how much you're wanted," he purred.
Dean just shook his head and chuckled warmly as he pulled the van up to a valet.  "You really don't like surprises, do you?" he asked as he handed some cash out the window to the man in the parking booth.  He pulled the van forward and put it in 'park'. "C'mon," he said, head motioning to his door.  Cas took a deep breath and climbed out, and Dean met him around the back of the vehicle as he handed the keys to the valet.
"Well," Dean said as he finally caught his breath, "I think it's great that you guys are so close. I bought Sammy his first condoms and he's still never forgiven me for the embarrassment."
Cas looked at Dean, who was suddenly red-faced and avoiding eye contact as he usually did when he was overwhelmed.  "Yeah," Cas said quickly.  "We can go upstairs.  You did good today, Bumblebee.  C'mon."  He stood and offered Dean a hand up.  Glancing at Sam, Cas shrugged and mouthed the word 'sorry' before leading Dean back up to his bedroom.
"What?  Why?" Since most of the speakers were in the front of the club, it was easier to hear back at the bar, and Cas was happy to have a break from yelling.
Since he had napped at Gabe's place, he wasn't really tired, but he didn't know what else to do with himself.  He didn't have the energy to
"Yeah?" Cas asked.  He stared down at his plate, stabbing aimlessly at a meatball as he considered this.  "
Gabriel frowned.  "That bitch!  Did it really take you that long to get there and back?  Shit, I was worried.  I made the mistake of watching the news."
"Good, now just straighten up a little.  There.  Feel it?  You're balanced.  Take a few steps with me. We're going to walk over to the rubber mat there.  Now, I put your blade guards back on for inside, but when you're on the ice, you'll have more grip, okay?"
Cas returned with a whiskey sour in hand and sat on the stool in the booth, watching intently as Dean fiddled with cords, connecting his laptop and controllers to the mixer and speakers.  He smiled a little as he watched, wondering why he was suddenly so damn turned on by this.  Of course, it probably didn't hurt that Dean was bent over and crawling on the floor to plug things in.
Sam plopped down in the seat across from them, observing as his brother drummed nervously on the table.  "Are you okay?" he blurted.   Cas had asked him to drive since Dean was 'tired',  but he still felt there was something a little 'off' about Dean today.  He'd been acting strangely since he came downstairs this morning, and it was a little disconcerting.
"Yeah," Cas blushed. "I'm fine. Just a little embarrassed. I'm kind of emotional today. Sorry I was so loud," he said, anxiously rubbing the back of his neck.
"Oh." Cas flushed all the way to the tips of his ears.  "Well I, um.  I-I love you too," he finished, grinning sheepishly.
Dean stopped in his tracks and squinted suspiciously at him.  "Did I ever tell you blueberry pie is one of my favorite things in the entire world?"
"Cas, you beautiful angel, you," Sam sighed happily as he spotted the boxes on the table.  He wearily patted Cas's shoulder as he stumbled to sit down, obviously injured from today's hunt. "How did you know we'd be starving? " he asked, his mouth already full of food.
"I'll make it up to you," Dean continued.  "You can torture me all you want!  Come on.  What do you want to do to me?"
"Yeah," Dean murmured automatically, wiping the sleep from his eyes.  "Oh shit, wait!" he exclaimed as he glanced around, remembering how he'd fallen asleep, but it was too late.  Sam had already flung the door open.
Gabriel's house, predictably, smelled of fresh garlic, basil, and tomatoes as they walked in the door, and Dean quietly sighed in relief.
Cas hurried down the stairs to the garage to find Dean sitting in the back seat, scooting his toy car along the headrest.  He couldn't help but chuckle.  Sometimes it was hard to believe that this was the same person... then again, maybe not.  Dean was still a bit childlike at heart.
Whatever doubts were there a moment ago quickly faded as Dean gave himself over to Cas's passionate but awkward fumbling.  He let his fingers trail against the angel's face before knotting them in his hair as he forcefully kissed back.  His hands slowly trailed lower, pressing Cas tightly against his body as a possessive little growl escaped his throat.
Dean grunted and fisted a hand in the back of his hair, gently guiding him down between his legs, as Cas grinned.
"Good. Sleep now, sweetheart.  And in the morning we'll take another shower together.  No tears this time."
, Cas.  I'll go tell him you're up here," he said, heading out to the stairwell, and returning a few minutes later with Dean in tow.
Sam picked up a few pieces and started fitting them together, humming softly to himself.  It didn't matter how old he was, building with Legos was still relaxing.  He only had a small sandwich bag full as a kid, since Dad discouraged too many physical possessions - a consequence of basically living out of a car.  Still, when he needed something to focus on, building with Legos calmed him.  He had to admit, sitting here with the old toys
"I forgot to take my pill the last few days.  Maybe that has something to do with it too.  I think I'm starting to come down though."
Cas nodded and arched his back as Dean dipped close to his balls. He was so frustrated his eyes were watering and he knew he wouldn't last much longer. He was making embarrassing, strangled noises and it was getting harder to not cry out.
Dean shook his head.   "I bought a little one for Sammy once.  This one smells like you," he said, taking a deep whiff and closing his eyes.
"Don't apologize... What happened?  Or do you have panic disorder like me where they just come out of the blue?"
"Novak!  Hurry up," his co-worker Charlie hissed as soon as he stepped in the door.  "I punched you in, so she thinks you're around somewhere.  And I have to warn you, she's on another rampage."
"You're so dramatic," Cas huffed.  "Your brother is very open-minded and understanding, you know.  And don't worry, I highly doubt he'll ever mention it."
"I know.   Of course he did.  But you know as well as I do, sometimes his best wasn't enough.  I can see it in your lack of self-confidence.  I can feel it in your occasional self-loathing.  He wasn't around enough to raise you.   Sam was lucky that he had you, but who did you have?  You never had a childhood, Dean.  You've been an adult since the age of four."
"Good choice, Little One.  Now slide in close so we can read."  Cas tilted his head in a 'come here' gesture and patted the bed again.  "It's okay," he whispered.
"Hey, I said don't judge me!" Dean laughed. "I know, it's totally sappy but it is Christmassy. Kind of... Alright, I admit it. Sometimes I like chick flicks."
"Seriously?  I love Butch Walker!" Cas gushed.  "'Letters' got me through my last big depressive episode.  I listened to that album every day for weeks!"
"Shh," Dean shushed again. "Don't worry about it. If you want to, we'll try it again another time." He coaxed Cas up so that he could unfasten the collar and lay down next to him. "But you don't have to. Not everyone is into it, and that's okay. "
"Okay, okay, sweetheart.  Calm down.  Think about... I don't know.  Barbara Bush naked.  Projectile vomit.  Your brother in a Speedo."
"You did well," Cas agreed. "You were really loosening up at the end there.  Should we do it again sometime?"
"Good boy." Taking a big glob of pie filling, Dean smeared a long, thin trail down Cas's chest and stomach. "Knees up for me," he whispered.
Dean nodded and leaned into his shoulder.  He poked sullenly at his eggs and shoveled a bite into his mouth as Cas frowned.
"No. Cas, stop!  I don't want to wear it..." he trailed off, staring resentfully at the hugging cartoon animals.
"Look," Sam said, taking a deep breath.  "I'm not sure I totally get this whole thing, but what if I um...  Pretended to be little too?"
Dean nodded happily and rolled onto his stomach, grabbing a coloring book off the nightstand and mindlessly coloring a picture of Batman as he watched.
"Good.  Let's dry off." Dean took his hand and led him out of the shower.  He grabbed a thick, fluffy towel and worked it over every inch of Cas's body before drying himself, and then swiftly wrapped a towel around each of their waists. Finally, after peeking out the door to avoid Sam, he grabbed Cas's wrist and ushered him into his bedroom.
Cas drew back and slammed the stick forward, causing the cue ball to go bouncing off the table. His face reddened as he chased after it, and he meekly handed back it to Dean. "Billiards is a horrible game," he muttered quietly.
Cas lay there quietly until he heard the door close and footsteps on the stairs.  "That was awkward," he squeaked.
"Yeah.  This weekend and next, actually.  We debated doing a big New Years' bash, but I decided I'd rather have the holiday off instead."
practically naked with a plug in his ass, but he had to admit, it also felt pretty damn good to let himself be pampered for a change.
Dean's entire body was already singing with a mixture of anxiety and anticipation.   Dammit, he should not be so turned on already. And why the hell was he still trembling?
"Don't worry, we'll be doing all of those things later," Cas winked. "So what do you two have planned for tonight?"
Tissue paper began flying as Dean dug into the package, and he simpered at the big brown teddy bear he found inside.
Slowly, they made their way around the outside of the skating rink, Cas with his arms out, trying to stay on his feet long enough to get back to the little door.
Cas opened the door to Gabriel grinning like a lunatic.  "Since when do you ask?  You always just barge in."
They set to work, cursing and grunting the entire time, and nearly an hour later, they had the driveway cleared enough to get their cars out.
Cas gritted his teeth and sneered as he lunged forward, catching Dean's bottom lip gently in his teeth and sucking on it before licking into his mouth for a passionate kiss.
Dr. Mitchell jotted some notes on her pad. "You've been taking the Ativan as needed for a while now..." She stared at him pensively. "And you're still taking it... how often? Once every other week or so?"
"And I mean it.  Whatever you need, Cas, we'll figure it out together, okay?"  Dean pressed a tiny kiss to Cas's forehead and nuzzled against him.
"Hey sweetheart," he purred in his silkiest possible sex-voice.  "I don't mean to rush you out, but I have to get on the road."
"Morning, baby." Dean's sleepy voice greeted him, along with a gentle kiss to the side of his neck. "What are you doing awake already?"
Cas closed his eyes, focusing hard on his breathing as he tried desperately to forget where he was.   If he thought about the fact that he was at work hyperventilating in front of the most gorgeous man he'd ever seen in real life, he'd probably pass out.
Cas shifted uncomfortably from his spot on the floor.  "No, I... Just..."  He sighted heavily.  "Don't promise that either. Please?"
"Relax," Dean laughed.  "Im just teasing you.  Let's finish our pizza, and we can share the bed.  We'll
"Shut up, we're almost done," Tom snarled. "Here," he said, spritzing Cas's chest with a spray of cologne he pulled from the cabinet. "Let's go."
Dean shrugged.  "Yeah, well I'd be happy too if all I had to do was lie around, play with toys and get fed treats all day."
"Not really.  Sometimes organs just don't forget function properly. I'm a Type I diabetic.  We found out when I was eight years old.  I have a wonky pancreas.  Some people have wonky hearts or livers.  You have clinical depression, so you have a wonky brain," she winked, and Cas couldn't help but laugh.
The alarm clock's red numbers were taunting him as Dean rubbed at his eyes.   It had been a long time since he'd seen six a.m.  He hadn't slept well, and it appeared he was never going to if his brain wouldn't just shut up already.  Cas was snuggled in close to his chest and Dean hugged him a little tighter for comfort. He couldn't stop thinking about yesterday afternoon, and how he'd acted downstairs.  Jesus, what Sam must think of him.  He was
"Deeeean!" Cas shrieked, grabbing wildly at his arm with his free hand.He gave a few more half-hearted strokes, and suddenly, it was all too overwhelming. "Fuck! Fuck! Oh god. Oh! Oh! Oh! Dean!" Dean quickly maneuvered his face over Cas's cock and sucked as he came hard, spurting and twitching and screaming Dean's name.
Despite the holiday cheer and his usual sense of nostalgia, Dean was feeling shitty today.  His plans to meet up with Cas and Sam for lunch were cancelled when he was called into work early for an emergency with the sound equipment.  He felt awful breaking plans today, especially since Cas seemed to be having a bad anxiety day.
about slipping into... what had Cas called it?  Littlespace?   He had just barely begun to wrap his head around the concept of subspace in general.
"Whoa, whoa.  Just relax," Gabriel soothed. "We'll find you something to wear. You're right though, your usual khakis and sweater vests might make you stick out at the club," he winked. "It's not one of those snooty clubs with a dress code though, so you don't have to go nuts or anything.  Maybe just go a little more casual."
An arm tightened around his waist and he heard Cas's warm chuckle at the back of his neck.  He was twilighting between reality and littlespace, thinking clearly enough to snap out of it if he needed to, but still feeling small and needy tucked under Cas's arm.  He would never understand why Cas was so insistent about this, and he would sure as hell never understand why he agreed to it in the first place.   For whatever reason, it really did fill a need in him, and he was slowly starting to accept that.
"Umm.  Maybe. I want to see where Dean works. The crowd worries me though. You know how I get when I'm shoulder to shoulder with people."
"Yeah," Cas sighed.  "He just sat with me and tried to calm me down.  Made me drink some water, and put an ice pack over my sore eyes... Silly, I guess, but I felt better with him being there.  I mean, I felt like an idiot at first."
"No, you're my guest! Besides, you're not a stranger.  If those two keep on like they have been, we'll practically be family by spring."
"Every possible way, Dean.  From choosing my clothing, to fulfilling my physical, emotional, and sexual needs," Cas said, wiping at the red blotches on his face.
..." Cas realized Dean was giving him a strange look. He also knew he was talking a lot, but he couldn't seem to stop.
With Dean now safely out of the way, he composed himself and walked toward the library.  "In here, Sam," he called.
Gabriel shrugged and smiled. "Well, I know how you love your weird-ass music, and how you've always wanted to be able to go to concerts... You've been doing so well lately, I thought you might want to try it."
"I had hundreds of little green army men. And Legos.  I loved building things. Oh and I always had my nose in a book.  I ate cereal and watched cartoons with Dee.  I don't know.   I was a boring kid."
never been with a male. I'm curious about human sexuality, Dean.  I've done a lot of reading, and I'm interested in experimenting."
It was nearly two hours later before either of them spoke.  Dean kept dozing off and on, and Cas was content to just lie there and listen to his breathing.
Dean grinned.  "Awesome.  Alright, I'll call you with details later."  With a final handshake, he hurried off to the bathroom for a quick break before the music could end.
"Of course I do.  But isn't this what most people do leading up to it?  Foreplay, I think you call it."
"Oh!  Sorry!  In my own little world here I guess," Cas said in embarrassment.  "They're at 745.9," he said, scribbling the Dewey decimal number on a piece of paper.  "It's that fourth set of shelves on your right," he said, pointing.
"Fuck!  Fuck, Cas!   I told you he'd find out!" he yelled as he began pacing back and forth.   "Oh god, this was a horrible idea.  It's ridiculous!  A grown-ass man watching cartoons and playing with toys? What the hell am I thinking?  Oh fuck..."
Cas smiled faintly.  "Then let's read your book anyway.  Maybe it will make you sleepy.  Get comfy, Little One.  You can snuggle in if you want."
"You getting ready for bed?" Cas asked, as he casually dug some clothes out of Dean's dresser.  He stripped off his own jackets and kicked his shoes off as he watched Dean fiddling with Netflix.
." He rolled his hips, pressing his growing erection against his ass, and smirking to himself as he watched Cas's eyes roll back helplessly in the mirror in front of them. "You gonna answer me properly now?" he growled.
Cas had never even been much of a drinker, and he sure as hell had never done any non-prescription drugs. "Sam?" he asked, a pang of worry suddenly piercing his euphoric haze.
On the bright side,  Sam seemed completely fine with the whole thing. He hadn't looked at him strangely, or cracked a joke - He had even been
"I'm listening for them. Come on. Hurry up and take care of that thing or I'll do it for you." Dean purred, pulling his body in close.
"That's it," Dean murmured. "Good job."  Again he dipped a finger into the sticky mess. "Now it's my turn."
"Ah, got it.  Too busy making out..." Gabriel teased as he picked up the remote control. "You wanna watch a movie or something or are you two headed back downstairs?" he smirked.
"Gabe is a fantastic cook, and an even better pastry chef," Cas said. "But really, don't stroke his ego.  He's cocky enough."
. When he and Sam were young, Mom used to take them ice skating at the local indoor rink every Sunday afternoon. Young Dean even took skating lessons and wound up playing in a peewee hockey league for a few years.  All throughout her illness, Mom still managed to take him to hockey practice twice a week after school, and each time, they'd stop at this little diner on the way home where Mom would get coffee, Dean would get milk, and they'd both share a piece of blueberry pie.  It was their little secret ritual, and even now, Dean still couldn't resist a good slice of pie.
," he gestured.  "Sammy and I - we both need you."  He brought their lips together once more in a long, lingering kiss, and when he finally rolled off to his side, he was relieved to see a hint of a smile on Cas's lips.
Sam glanced at Cas and shrugged sheepishly, dancing along for a moment until the girl started getting a little too hands-on. Much to her surprise, he turned away and abruptly grabbed Cas's hand, pulling him closer as if they were a couple, causing the woman to frown and storm away.
"I know... Well, I don't know about 'normal'," Cas suddenly laughed.  "I'm don't think 'normal' sex includes wearing a collar. Kinky bastard."
"Whole lot of nothing here," Sam shrugged.  "I'm probably just going to read and watch a little TV. You guys going out?"
on Christmas one year when he didn't show up..." he trailed off.  "I knew it was from him though.  I remember the look on his face as he realized he'd grabbed a 'girl' gift.  He wanted so much for me to have a decent Christmas."
.  Comforting and calming him had felt way more rewarding than a quick roll in the sheets. That wide-eyed, hopeful naivety just made him want to hold him and protect him from the world. Not that Cas needed protecting - he was navigating the world with extreme anxiety and still kicking it's ass. Cas might not see it, but as far as Dean was concerned, he was brave as
Cas snapped back to attention.  "Nothing.  I was just asking Dean what kind of pie he wanted for dessert."
Dean paused, the glass just inches from his lips. "Define 'been with'," he said before taking a long swig from his glass.
"Oh.  Nothing," he said, shaking his head and grinning.  "Just getting into a huge unmarked cargo van with a complete stranger struck me as a bit funny. And somewhat stupid."
The nervous laugh that followed for once didn't come from Cas, but from Dean. "Oh. Uh. O-okay. Do you have um..."
"Uh uh.  Don't look at me like that," Dean smiled.  "You trust me, don't you?  I promise.  If it's too much, we leave.  Just say the word."
Sam wasn't sure why he was feeling so embarrassed by that conversation but he was sure his cheeks were flaming.
As soon as he opened his door, however, he nearly fell out of the driver's seat as a snarky voice called out to him.
to dance and talk to people, but I was too anxious earlier. It just made all of that easier. If that makes sense," he added.
that he was still a virgin. Most people he knew seemed to be sexually active by high school, or shortly thereafter.  Gabriel had tried to convince him that it really wasn't a big deal, but it still made him feel awkward and naive.
is why sex feels so good."  He picked up the wet washcloth from the floor and wiped his hands again, then passed it to Cas to get the sticky, drying lube off his hands. "Soo...  I guess you're alright?" he asked, as he crawled on top of him to give him a long, lingering kiss.
"Hell yes!  Holy shit, I've never seen an actual toboggan," he breathed.  "I didn't even know they still made those."
.  Cas cringed and set the box on his nightstand next to the condoms and the thirty-two ounce monster bottle of lube.
Dr. Mitchell nodded.  "Okay.  We definitely don't want you to get fired.  I'm going to recommend you take three months off and we'll go from there.  Knowing your history, I don't want you ending up in the hospital again if we can help it.  I do, however, want you to try getting up and doing something each day.  I want you to keep a journal of what you accomplish.  Now, don't get overwhelmed.  I know we've talked about trying things that scare you before, but I'm not asking you to do that now.  Right now just focus on little, necessary things.  If even getting out of bed is hard, then try to get up and move to the couch.  If it's hard to get off the couch, go shower.  Get dressed.  Make breakfast.  Even if you only accomplish one of those things each day, it's still an accomplishment.  You can do more, of course, but don't make it too difficult for now."
"A Barbie," he rolled his eyes.   "I don't know where he stole it from, but apparently he took some wrapped gifts from somewhere.  Wanted me to have something to open
"Thanks, Sammy."  Dean shoved a whole cookie into his mouth, his cheeks puffing out like a chipmunk, and Sam grinned.
The ride back to Dean's apartment felt much longer than it should have in Cas's opinion.  He somehow managed to keep his hands off of Dean so that he could drive, but he was craving touch so much it was difficult. He was strangely horny too, so that wasn't helping matters, but as they finally set foot in Dean's apartment for the evening, Cas's resolve crumbled.
Cas closed his eyes again, listening to the gentle whooshing sound of Dean's breathing as he tried to fall back to sleep.
"Dean!" Cas blushed. "You're so bad," he murmured as he led Dean into the living room. "So, Sam is coming over in the morning?" he asked.  He sunk down into the couch, pulling Dean down next to him.
Cas laughed nervously.  "It's okay.  I'm...comfortable," he managed, surprised that he wasn't quite as anxious as he expected to be. And he really
"That's good.  C'mere."  He turned Cas around and began working a handful of shampoo through his short, dark hair. "Just relax now," he said quietly.  He let his fingers wander lazy circles as he focused more on a massaging than cleaning.
Cas grinned and kissed him hard, encouraging his mouth to part again and tangling their tongues together until he was nearly devouring him.
"Turn around," Dean commanded.  "Perfect," he whispered as Cas immediately obeyed.  He took a bottle of spicy-smelling body wash, and poured some into his hand.  Cas was already soaking wet, so he began soaping him up, rubbing tiny circles to massage the tight, achy muscles of his back.
Something about this whole scenario made him feel like his middle school self, fumbling through his first kiss. He was excited and terrified and confused all at once.  This was supposed to be fun, no-strings attached handjobs and shit!  Why did it already feel like something more?
"Fantastic! That's a big improvement. So when you take your Ativan, what does it do for you? It slows down the racing heart rate, but do you feel better after taking it? Less anxious?"
"What?" Cas exclaimed.  "No, I can do it," he fumbled. "I... Actually I'll go to the bathroom and just..."
Dean laughed.  "No problem. Next time we'll go somewhere better. I mean, if you want to go out again?"
"Oh!  Dean!  Oh! Oh! Oh! I'm s-sorry! Ohh!  Ahhh!"  Cas came hard into the sink in front of him, then slumped forward as Dean let loose a growl and snapped his hips faster, digging his fingers deep into Cas's hips.
The Impala was parked at the dark end of the parking lot, a single streetlight barely illuminating the opened back door as Cas hurried toward it.
"Just fucking stay still or I'll tie it too damn tight!" Tom groaned. Quickly, he looped the ribbon around Cas's member and tied it into an intricate bow. "There. My job is done. Oh, one more thing..." He pulled small tape recorder from one pocket, and a cell phone from his other; a phone that Cas suddenly recognized as his own. Tom put the phone on speaker, and dialed Dean's number.
Carefully, Dean managed to crawl his way up onto the bed, despite the difficulty of the leather mitts, and he curled up as best he could in front of Cas.
Rolling his eyes, Cas tossed his own shirt to the floor and slipped into Gabriel's. Much to his surprise, he was able to button it, though it was a much snugger fit than he'd like.
?    It wasn't like he had the best decision-making record either.  Besides, the only experience Dean had in anything of the sort was rather kinky, and he was pretty sure that wasn't what Cas had in mind.
"Cas," he nodded in greeting.  "Hey Dean, we should be heading out soon.  This place is about a three hour drive from here.  I made breakfast.  It's warming in the oven.  Coffee's on too, Cas."
Cas simpered to himself, completely entertained by Dean's atypical fumbling.  "You don't have to bring anything."
"Riiiight," Dean sighed.  "The tail." He shrugged out of his t-shirt and unbuttoned his pants.  "Let's get this over with."
Dean grinned.  "You'll love it.  The pancetta is so salty and chewy and... oh god, it's so good."  He paused, taking in the amused look on Cas's face.  "Sorry, I'm kind of a foodie," he laughed.   "I mean, not like a food snob, I just like to eat.  Are you a wine drinker?"
like... it just made me feel..." Cas struggled to find the words. "All of the things I did or said were things I always wanted to do. I just felt more open to doing or expressing them. I mean, I
"Take off your jacket..."  Again, he eased his arms out of his suit jacket and let it fall to the floor, never letting their eyes break contact. "And this belt..." He made quick work of Cas's belt, unbuckling it and sliding it out of his belt loops before trailing kisses up the side of his neck again.
Dean closed his eyes and moaned, placing a hand on the back of Cas's head.   "Come here," he whispered. "At least get on the bed with me first." He slid to the far side of the bed and Cas immediately crawled over and began sucking and licking as if his life depended on it.
"I'm so proud of you, Cassie. You've been so proactive with your meds and your therapy, you're trying new things, and doing things that used to scare you... It's gift enough to see you thrive like this."
Dean nodded and stuffed a huge bite of waffle into his mouth.  "Thanks, Sammy.  I got it next time."
"I'm just saying, it would be nice to be within ten feet of you when Sam's around. You're so paranoid he'll find out, you..."
"Oh.  Right," Dean laughed.  "A concert. You said you've wanted to go to a concert, but it was too overwhelming.  So... This is a tiny venue, we have seats instead of standing elbow to elbow,  and it's an acoustic show, so it won't get too loud or crazy... Thought it might be a nice place to get your feet wet."
he is. I raised him, after all," he winked. "You guys really are a lot alike.  Anyway, if you need anything at the club while I'm working tonight, just find Sammy, okay? He usually sticks around up front by the stage."
"Like I said, I guess he's alright. He's apparently not pushing you too hard on the sex-thing, so that's nice."
"Kneel," he said sternly.  As Cas eagerly got down on his knees, Dean grabbed his wrists and fastened them behind his back.  It had been a while since he'd played Dom, but he was already getting a little too into it.  He still knew he had to go easy on Cas today, but that didn't mean he couldn't enjoy it.  He slowly walked around and stood in front of him, cock standing at attention just a few inches from Cas's mouth.
"No, Cas, that's not necessary, I..." Dean stopped mid-sentence as a warm surge of golden light rushed through his body, and he sighed heavily as every ounce of pain drained away.
"Yessss," Cas moaned as Dean's thumb gently rubbed and prodded at him. When he felt the tip of his finger enter him this time, he instinctively clenched, earning him a playful slap on the ass from Dean.
"I'm so sorry, Cas," he muttered, casually wiping a stray tear away from Cas's cheek.   "This is all my fault."  The lock he was picking suddenly clicked and the first cuff sprung open, freeing Cas's right arm from the headboard.   "Bingo.  Alright, just one more..."  He crawled over Cas as best he could, opening the other cuff and Cas bolted up, rubbing gently at the purple bruises encircling his wrists.
Cas giggled to himself, taking way more delight in Gabriel's discomfort than he probably should.  "Well," he said, sobering. "You might as well tell us all about it now."
Cas grumbled to himself, but put on his most pleasant voice.  "Yeah, of course.  Let me just finish this and I'll be there in five."  He hung up the phone and sighed.   He hated working the circulation desk - his anxiety made him a much better behind-the-scenes worker.  Oh well.  Not like Hannah could help it.  Quickly, he filed the invoices in a drawer before meeting Hannah out at the desk.
"Winchester.  Dean Winchester," Dean said, extending a hand to shake.  "Nice to meet you... Anna, was it?"
"Never had a dick in your mouth before?" Dean asked.  "You'll figure it out.  Lick and suck.  Watch the teeth," he said firmly, just before grabbing a fistful of Cas's hair and pulling him forward.
Dean excused himself and headed to the living room to greet his brother, and Cas sat there awkwardly, trying to avoid Gabriel's gaze.
Dee nodded wordlessly, no longer complaining as he let his brother lead him up the stairs and into the bathroom.
Cas sighed and kicked his blankets off, scowling both at his brother and the chill in the room.  "You're such a pain in the ass," he sulked.  "I'm fine.  You know how depression is.  I'm just a little down today for no good reason.  It'll probably pass."
"Ooookay, " Dean breathed.  "Uh... Thank you."  He eased Cas's hand away from his chest. Jesus, he was going to need a lot more booze to deal with this.  He poured himself another drink.
influence." He slid off of Dean's lap and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. "I'd like to stay and snuggle," he wheezed, "but I need to go clean up."
Cas was waiting in the living room as promised when he arrived, and he greeted him with a gentle hug.
"Yes.  F-fine,"Cas stuttered, slapping a clearly uncomfortable smile on his face. "How can I h-help you?"
"Oh," Dean laughed.  "Right. Sorry.  I know you were thinking about it though.  You might be a little nervous, but you like when I touch you, don't you?" he purred.
"Oh stop," Sam laughed.  "You guys are adorable. If I had known you were into each other, I would have pushed you into it sooner.  Where is he today anyway?"
Sammy nodded and took his spot next to Cas, trying his best to get comfortable despite his slight apprehension.  It was strange to hear Cas reading some ridiculous story about superheroes, but he had to admit, there was a hypnotic quality in that gravelly voice of his.  Before they had even finished reading Batman, Dean was sound asleep, snuggled into Cas's shoulder with an arm wrapped tightly around his waist.  Cas paid him no mind as he finished reading the story to Sammy.
Cas sucked him into his mouth and his hands wandered up Dean's chest, tweaking gently at his nipples. "You need the release," he whispered. "All that pent-up sexual tension... I can make you climax harder than you ever have. Let me show you, Dean. "
"Uh. Well, Dean had already booked ice time for us, so I thought I'd at least try it. Honestly, I had a panic attack halfway across the rink and Dean had to practically drag me back. Still, I did it for a while! Maybe I'll get brave enough to try again someday."
," he muttered as he stroked her smoky gray fur.  Scout just purred louder and nuzzled at his arm, and Cas smiled softly.  "Yeah, yeah.  You're welcome.  Alright, let me get up," he sighed.  By sheer will and the threat of embarrassment, he managed to drag himself to the bathroom.
Minutes later, they were seated at a quiet, candlelit table for two in the far corner of a quaint, Italian restaurant.  The lights were dim and a fireplace nearby flickered warmly, adding a soft glow to the room as they browsed their menus.
Dean bit back a smile.  "Tell you what, next time we see a dog, I'll show you what to look for.  You can usually tell by their body language."
Dean frowned.  It was true that usually he'd have his partner in bed at this point.  It was also true that he wanted Cas trussed up and writhing on the end of his cock.  Still, he really liked Cas, and if he had to wait, he would. He'd just have to resign himself to...
Almost immediately, Cas could feel the anxiety growing in his stomach again, and for no good reason, he was suddenly filled with a vague sense of dread.
"Good," Dean panted, still stroking himself feverishly as he positioned himself between Cas's legs. "Cas, I'm gonna... fuck... Can I?" he asked, yanking Cas's shirt up to his chin and motioning toward his chest.
.  He was floating already. Fingers were combing through his hair and stroking face, his skin so deliciously sensitive it left waves of goosebumps across his arms.
They had never even talked about the fact that they wanted each other, though Dean supposed it was blatantly obvious. Regardless, he was dealing with a broken, sobbing angel, and awkward admissions of love and longing were completely unnecessary right now.  He closed his eyes for a moment and took a long, deep breath. Could he even
him, obviously, but it sounds like he's been good to you. I mean, I know it's probably just because I've threatened him a few times, but..."
Dean stood and grabbed his jacket, and began fumbling for his car keys.  "Yeah.  Let's roll."  He turned to Cas.  "You'll be here later?"
"Fuck, Cassie, I'm going to hit the showers, and then I'm going back to bed," Gabriel panted.  "Be careful, alright?"
Cas smiled as Dean kicked his jeans aside and he held out the trunks for him to step into before sliding them up his legs.
Cas stretched and stood up, lamenting having to leave his comfy spot on the bed. Dean's bed was so much more comfortable than his own, and best of all, it
Cas clicked 'end' and took a long, deep breath as he heard that familiar crunch of snow in the driveway.   "You can do this," he mumbled to himself as he opened the door.
were two different things.  There were some lines friends just didn't cross, and that included... pretty much everything he'd ever guiltily thought about.
Gabriel snorted.  "Been doing it all my life.  Hey, did Cassie mention anything to you about dinner this week?"
been home as much lately. You're never this needy." He bent to scoop her up and headed off to his bedroom.  "You can hang out with me while I read, okay?" he murmured.  Scout rubbed her head against his arm and purred her approval.
Dean continued slowly kissing and sucking at his neck, working his way up to his earlobe and teasing it with his teeth.
Though he tried to be subtle, it was clear that Dean had noticed.  He smirked and grabbed Cas by the shoulder, spinning him around until they were face to face. "See something you like there, cowboy?"
"Not a bit," Dean deadpanned. He grinned at Cas's awkward laugh. "Nah, I know what you mean. It's hard to put into words."
They both worked silently for a few minutes, and Cas took a seat on the couch as he quietly observed.  Sam was looking rather comfortable, all things considered, and Cas couldn't be prouder of him for trying.  He knew Sam wasn't letting go enough to get into littlespace just yet, but slowly, he was getting there.  Dean still wasn't talking, though he looked deep in concentration as he added turrets to their castle.
"Your lips are so soft..." Cas whispered as he gently nibbled at Dean's bottom lip. "You have beautiful lips."
Cas laughed.  "Must be nice.  Gabe and I weren't even allowed to have bedroom doors. Zero privacy, except in the bathroom. Poor Gabe when he started dating..."
"I'm glad you like it.  You look sleepy.  Why don't we get under the blankets?  We can still watch your movie."
"Maybe I am," Dean waggled an eyebrow suggestively at him and he smirked as Cas blushed.  "Actually, a friend of mine owns this place.  The food is amazing and it's never busy.  Which is good for us, not so much for him.  So I try to come a few times a month."
Cas's eyes opened and he stared in disbelief through dazed, teary eyes. "Yes," he breathed.  "That was... very enjoyable."
"Nope. He's called me Cassie since I was five years old," Cas said rolling his eyes. "I've learned to just accept it."
"Work," Cas yawned.  "Had a really bad panic attack.  Someone brought me home. What are you borrowing this time?"
Dean Winchester awoke in the back seat of his 67' Impala with a crick in his neck and random brunette whose name he didn't remember. He yawned and stretched as best he could in the tight quarters, thinking to himself that this had been a hell of a weekend. Two nights in a row with two different girls - it had been a while since he'd gotten
"I told you, I'll teach you, okay? Sam's probably gettin' lucky by now and we'll need gas money for morning."
"Hello, Castiel. You're probably wondering what you're doing here. But first, are you comfortable? How do you like those angel-proof cuffs? I had them padded for your comfort."
"I said stop clenching," Dean teased. While Cas was distracted, he pushed a little harder until his finger had sunk in to the second knuckle.
didn't want Dean to see him like this - unshowered, unbrushed teeth, dirty, messy hair, and wearing nothing but a faded, worn pair of boxers.
While Dean was still trembling a bit at the intimacy, Cas didn't hesitate at all, his strong hands wandered his body confidently as if he owned it, curiously watching Dean's every expression.
Cas hung back, letting Dean do his thing, but until now, he'd almost forgotten how popular his boyfriend really was. Hell, he was an up-and-coming DJ and producer. He was practically famous, at least here in New York, and frankly, it was a bit intimidating.
"Shit! I'm not ready. I'm so nervous. Why am I nervous?" Cas rambled as he fussed with his hair some more.
"Oh I understand. I have a shit boss too.  And a crappy job in customer service at the moment. It's always fun when the sole purpose of your job is doing damage control, you know?" Sam laughed.
"The cl-clunking  noise I hear at night sometimes.  Not being able to feel my wings," he lamented.   "Taking pills.  I always feel like I'm going to choke.  Nightmares.  And ordering coffee at coffee shops.  Why are there so many options when I just want coffee?"
"I was already on my way," he smiled, shutting off the phone. "How's it going? Thanks for looking after my cat, by the way."
"Alright.  We're done talking about sex, I promise," Dr. Mitchell laughed.  "So give me your final thoughts. You're feeling a bit better overall?"
"Good," she smiled as the bell on her desk rang.  "See you back in two weeks unless you need me sooner, okay?"
Gabe smiled softly. "I suppose.  I stocked your fridge and cupboards a bit anyway. Mostly easy to grab, very little prep stuff.  Granola bars, canned soups, some fruit..."
Cas licked his lips and groaned softly. "I like it too," he whispered. "What other kinky things do you like?"
Cas gingerly held out a foot and Dean pulled his shoe off, followed by his sopping wet sock, then he covered Cas's icy, damp toes with his warm hands.  Cas wasn't really sure what to do in this situation, but he was secretly tickled by the sweet, albeit awkward gesture.  Still, he was finding it hard to look Dean in the eye while he was sitting there warming his toes.
"So. Tell me about yourself, Sam," Gabriel encouraged, taking a sip of his wine. "All I know about you is that you're Dean's brother and that you're possibly part Sasquatch."
"Nah, everything's just about done.  Just waiting on the turkey and Sam. Maybe give him a call.  See if he'll stop and get some makeup to cover that love-bite on your neck," he said casually.  "Someone couldn't wait for dinner, huh, Dean?"
"You're choking me," Dean laughed weakly.  "Come on.  Get in bed." He stood and gently pulled Cas to his feet. "That was amazing, " he gushed, planting a tender kiss to Cas's forehead. "
Cas nodded.  "Thanks.  I know.  Even when I want to stay in bed, he makes me get up" he grumbled.  "He's just like you in that way."
"Uhh," Cas swallowed hard.  "I read just about anything.  One perk of working at the library I guess.  And as far as movies, I watch mostly comedies and fantasy/sci-fi..."
"Okay, okay," Cas said, quickly trying to placate him.  "I'm sorry.  Anyway, for you, it would be non-sexual.  You get to shut down your mind and relax a bit, do some kid things.  And I get to take care of you. No big deal."
"You are," Dean said simply. "And I think it's sweet. But I also have no qualms about showing you what you might be missing. Just make sure you tell me if I push too far, okay?"
anything either.  Besides, his mind was still going a mile a minute. He glanced over at his nightstand, wrinkling his nose at the offensive box.
Cas lay there in silence, still reeling from both the orgasm and the fool he'd made of himself.  While he wanted to just curl up in a ball or disappear, he was also feeling way too tired and content to move.  It was confusing, to say the least.
"Good boy.  Now let me finish washing you and then you're going to wash me."  Dean pulled back and grabbed a washcloth, soaped it up, and smoothed it over Cas's chest.  "You look good naked," Dean murmured.  "Who knew you had a body under that tax accountant getup?"
For a moment, he just lay there, breathing in Dean's warmth and the smell of his cologne. He was torn between snuggling in closer and bolting; it was exciting, and confusing, and terrifying at the same time.
Cas swallowed hard. "I'm sorry. I guess my depression is just playing mind tricks on me tonight." He pulled away and rolled onto his side, facing the wall.
"Cassie?  You fall asleep on the couch again?" Gabe asked, poking his head into the living room.  "Oh!  Fuck!  I-I'm sorry. I didn't know you had company.  Just came to borrow some eggs. I'll be gone in a sec!"
"Yeah, well, I wish it were over too, buddy," the demon griped. Quickly, he reached down and unbuttoned and unzipped Cas's pants, then slid them down to his ankles. Cas stepped out of them obediently, mostly because he didn't have a choice, but when Tom gingerly removed his boxer briefs, he finally cracked. He yelped into his gag and struggled against the restraints again, his entire body flushing a bright red as the two men pretended not to notice.  When he'd first come to earth, Castiel couldn't care less about something so petty as the state of his vessel, or a lack of clothing, but as time wore on, he became closer to humans. He'd begun sympathizing, learning their ways. And in all honesty, he felt more human than angel most days. As he stood there stark naked, bound, gagged, and being paraded around on a leash like a dog, he felt nothing but humiliation and rage. Still, he knew couldn't give his captors the satisfaction of seeing him break. He took a moment to collect himself, steeled his jaw again, then stepped into the shower as directed.
Cas smiled.  "I know, Bumblebee.  But it's late and you had a long day.  Maybe Sammy will want to play again tomorrow."
Cas knew there was no reasoning with him when he was upset, so he just sighed and nodded as Dean walked out the door.
"Cas... I can't do this anymore.  I gotta go out.  Clear my head or something," Dean fumbled.   He stood and frantically dug through his dresser for a proper shirt.
" he floundered. He turned away in a huff and yanked his socks off, then wiped at his face in embarrassment.
Feebly, Cas pulled away and grinned before rolling off of him. "I love you too. Even though you're a
Dean smiled. "You can say no, sweetheart. But I kind of made reservations for us down there... We don't even have to skate if you don't want to, but see that little glass hut?" he pointed. "I happen to know it's nice and warm inside. It's also full of hot chocolate and cookies, and we can see  the skaters and the tree from there."
been happier lately.  More relaxed.  Sorry, I'm just having a hard time wrapping my head around this.  It's weird.  But like I said, whatever you guys do is your own business..."
Cas smiled as he felt the memory wash over Sam.  "What did he get you for Christmas when you were a kid?"
"So I was thinking," Dean said as the van crept steadily through the snow. "Since you haven't been to the city much, I thought maybe we could make a pit stop before we get to my place. Is that okay?"
Cas may have been less experienced in this area, but it certainly didn't hinder his enthusiasm.  As Dean broke their kiss to suck and nibble down the side of his neck, he subconsciously began rutting against him like a dog in heat. He buried his face in the crook of Dean's neck and bit down to muffle a long moan.
"What's this?" Cas opened the box and pulled out the two pieces of paper that were inside. "NOFX tickets?" he exclaimed.
He crawled over to the lamp and switched it on, and Dean covered his face with his elbow. "What's wrong?"
"Oh god, Cas. Just like that. C'mere." Dean knotted his fingers in Cas's short, dark hair, and used his free hand to maneuver him off to his side.
"You're not bad at anything. You're just new to it. And you're doing fine. When I came in here and saw you sleeping in just your boxers, I was
"You sure you don't want some, Cas?" he asked as he reached in the cupboard for a plate. "I wish you could taste this because Sam's waffles are
"It's just something your partner needs to understand," Gabriel continued.  "And honestly, not every person will take the time to understand it - so when you come across those people, sometimes it's better to just let them go."
"Pushing you." Slowly, he let his hand inch up Cas's shirt, watching intently in case he should protest. He paused as he exposed the smooth skin of his stomach, and pressed a soft kiss just above his navel.
"S'okay," Dean laughed.  "Yeah, it's a different kind of orgasm, huh?  More intense.  You were okay with the tying and the not talking and stuff too?"
"Well," Gabe smiled affectionately, "Usually I'd say don't you dare cancel, but you need to at least call him.  It's really sketchy outside.  Maybe you can reschedule."
"I'll tell you later, Cassie," Gabriel promised, motioning toward the living room as Dean and Sam neared the doorway.
a heavy makeout session.  It wasn't exactly Dean's style to spend the night in bed with strange people just for the purpose of cuddling, but Cas had just been so tentative and...
Cas rolled his eyes and struggled to sit up, scowling at how sweaty he was. "I think it was intentional. You and your possessive streak..." he smirked.
"Thanks for dinner," he said softly.  "Everything was awesome, as usual. And thanks for looking after me, and for kicking my ass when I'm being antisocial."
Cas frowned and attempted to check his breath with his hand. "Is that a mint? Oh god, does my breath smell?"
Cas pulled back and stroked him for a minute to give his jaw a break, and Dean suddenly jerked forward. "Y-yeah. Just like that.  Don't stop," he rasped."Ohh fuck. Fuck! Yes! Yesyesyes! Oh! Oh! Unnghh!"
Cas choked and drooled a bit as Dean bent him over the sink and pressed their bodies together again.
"Alright, alright," Dean grinned. "Maybe later?" He winked and licked his lips suggestively as he watched Cas redden and squirm.
"Cas, " Dean hissed, his eyes rolling back at the touch he'd been waiting too many years for.  "I think we need to move this into the bedroom." He crushed their lips together again in a needy, bruising kiss and he felt Cas's entire body go limp.
"Alright," he smiled sheepishly.  "I'd better get you home before you freeze.  Climb through the front and you won't have to put your wet shoes on just yet," he said.
He decided to save himself the headache today.   "Okay.  Well, whatever you decide is fine.  Either way, we should get up.  Sammy's waiting."
different people," Cas said shaking his head. "I like watching you talk about it though.  Your face just lights up and you get so excited.  I kind of want to see you in action now."
Cas would be fine; he knew that.  It wasn't an emergency, and he said he'd probably spend the day at Gabe's place, so at least he wouldn't be alone.  Still, he felt awful for leaving, and it didn't really put him in a 'party' mood.
"Okay, " Dean agreed, cleaning up the crayons and setting them on the nightstand. Cas flipped back the covers and Dean crawled in, curling up next to him with the teddy bear tucked under his arm.
"Wow." Cas stared curiously at his brother, who was suddenly shifting uncomfortably in his seat.  "That's probably the nicest thing you've ever said to me."
Dean opened his mouth to speak, but this was heavier than he was expecting.   The self-loathing emanating from Cas frightened him a little, and he hugged him harder, taking a minute to regroup.
"That's okay," Cas whispered. He bent down, tentatively tonguing at the slit of Dean's weeping cock and making him let out a long, shaky exhale. "Ohh Dean," he breathed.  "You've been so patient with me." Awkwardly, he slipped the tip of Dean's cock into his mouth and swirled his tongue around it.
Cas stared at him earnestly. "What if..." he started. He shook his head and tried again. "What about me?"
"Cassie," Gabriel started, "I know you have anxiety and all, but you've always been good with people."
Sure, Dean liked a filthy kiss or two when he was in the throes of passion, but this tender, gentle caressing and kissing was making him absolutely crazy. It felt... weird.  Not
The crowd shuffled out onto the dancefloor, and the woman who had been flirting shot daggers at Cas as she turned away.
," he finished, holding up a bottle triumphantly.  He squeezed a bit of the clear gel into his hand and handed Cas the bottle to examine.  He warmed it in his fist for a second and then wrapped his hand around Cas's throbbing cock again.  "This one has a cooling effect, which might feel nice after all the torture you just put it through," he winked.
"I-I thought it would be harder to say for the first time," Cas giggled nervously, "but apparently my subconscious beat me to it."
"You're a pain in the ass," Cas said as he opened the door to his apartment. "Don't encourage him. Don't
"Society for Ethical Culture?" Cas said confusedly, reading the banner on the weathered grey building.  "What's this?" he asked as Dean circled the block to find parking.
"Let's go then."  Cas could tell Sam was already awake by the smell of coffee brewing. Though angels didn't eat, Cas had developed a fondness for a strong, black cup of coffee over the years, so he was extra pleased when Dean agreed to go.  He took his hand and led him down the stairs, hoping Sam would get the hint from his cartoon bunny shirt that it was playtime.
"...Seriously?"  He gave Cas his best 'wtf' face and sighed.  "I... I actually talked to him when I was like...
Dean shrugged.  "Whatever you say." He sat down on the edge of the bed, taking in all the little details of the room - Board games and coloring books on the table.  A new box with a train set, and a bin of toy cars in the corner of the room.  By the TV, there was a pile of DVDs, all of which appeared to be cartoons, and there were sugary breakfast cereals on the kitchen counter.  Cas had clearly gone to great lengths for this.
Cas drew in a sharp breath. "Pretty good, I guess.  Like I said last time, I think my fear of touching was mostly the anticipation.  I'm okay with it.  I like it, even. I still get a little anxious with public displays of affection if we're out, but otherwise I'm doing okay."
Dean shoved a plate of homemade burgers and fries at him and slumped down into the seat across from him.  "What are you talking about? " he mumbled through a mouth full of french fries.
to eat.  Even if it's just a piece of fruit or a bowl of cold cereal, eating something is better than not eating at all.  I want you to work on that this week.  Wake up and eat breakfast."
Dean sucked at the side of his neck for just a second, hard enough to leave a red welt in his wake before tonguing over the area in a soothing apology.  Cas was putty in his hands now, covered in a thin sheen of sweat and flushed pink from head to toe.
Sam nodded.  "Yeah, buddy.  You'll be fine. Just keep drinking. Little sips. Dean should be about done, so I'll find him for you, alright?" He pulled his phone out of his pocket and typed out a quick text message.
"Awww. He definitely didn't mean it that way. I still call Sam 'Sammy' all the time. He used to yell at me too, but he finally gave up. It's hard when you've raised a kid. No matter how old you get, you'll always be his baby brother, you know?"
"Aw, baby," Dean smiled, still trying to catch his breath."You're so cute.  All weepy and clingy.  I love you too, sweetheart. Just let me clean up, and we'll snuggle some more, okay?"
"Can I come in?" Dean finally asked, a hint of a smile playing at the corner of his lips as he watched Cas in amusement.
"Thanks for coming out tonight! I'm Dean Ambrose and welcome to Escape!  If this is your first time here, we only have two rules: take care of each other, and have fun. Now, how many of you are excited to see Nate Cardlin tonight?"
Cas grunted and gritted his teeth. If he could move his arms, he'd have grabbed him by the hair and given him a shove in the right direction, but alas, all he could do was lie there and take it.
Dean nodded uncertainly, though his dick was clearly into it.  Sure, he'd fooled around with a guy a time or two, but this was
"Good." Cas began licking a line down his abs as his hands kept stroking everywhere he could reach.  "So beautiful, Dean," he whispered.  His fingers worked over an old scar gracing Dean's ribs and Dean felt a brief warming sensation as the skin healed.  When Dean whimpered as he kissed at his hipbones, Cas sucked a little red welt there, causing him to groan.
As he scanned the room, people-watching yet again, his eyes happened to lock on Sam amidst the sea of people. To be fair, he was so damn tall, it was hard to miss him. Even Sam, who seemed to be on the quiet side, was having a good time; beer in hand, dancing with a group of friends.  Cas sighed, feeling a little jealous that he'd probably never experience that sort of freedom, no matter how much he seemed to want it. Unfortunately, he must have been staring, because the next thing he knew, Sam was walking toward him with a huge grin on his face.  He nodded briefly to the security guard and joined them in the booth.
Cas smiled warmly and kissed his forehead, then got up to set the DVD player.  "Do you want a snack?"
They stared awkwardly at each other, both smiling at the implication but neither sure whether or not to make a move.  Finally, Dean took a tentative step forward and wrapped him in a long hug, kissing his neck and cheek as he pulled away.
She nodded sympathetically.  "It's hard to overcome that programming, especially when it's drilled into you at such a young age.  But there's no shame in exploring your own body.  In fact, I highly recommend it," she laughed.  "You
Dean huffed a little in surprise.  "Oh.  I uh..."  he cleared his throat nervously.  "Um... Cas, I..."
"You did so good. Thank you for giving yourself over to me tonight.  And for being assertive, telling me what you need... That was so incredibly sexy..."
"Oh, I'm gonna kick his tiny ass," Dean grumbled.  "On the bright side, he probably gave you pure stuff. If you were gonna get it from anyone, it's good it came from him." He sighed a little in relief. "He has a good rep for ecstasy, anyway. That stupid fuck..."
"That's it. Nice, deep breaths," he whispered, sitting down next to him and holding him close to his chest. "I've got you, Cas. I've got you."
"Good, good. Nice of you to pencil us in for a few minutes, huh, Scout?" Gabe said sarcastically. "I barely recognize you! How long as it been now? Six months? A year?"
"Uhhh..." Cas was still feeling disoriented, and thinking was ridiculously hard right now.  "I don't think..." he started, running his fingers over his head.  "Oh, oww."
"Also, since you won't be speaking, if you need to safeword, or if you want to stop, I want you to bark three times. I'll start calling you by your real name again and it'll be over, okay?"
. For one, he was vertical. Secondly, this was not at all sexual, and oddly enough, that made him slightly uncomfortable.  He could deal with being naked if he was about to get some action, but this felt
"I don't want you kidnapped, Cas!  He thinks..."  Dean paused, focusing even more intently on the rope in front of him.  "Well fuck, he had you strapped to a bed naked with a bow tied to your dick.  What do
"Okaaay," Dean said, taking the underwear from him and grimacing when he realized there was no back panel to hide his ass.  "This is
Dean stepped up to the window and ordered for three. As they patiently waited for their food, Dean took out his phone and scrolled for a minute.
Dean chuckled and wrapped an arm around his shoulder.  "Well, I have some sponsors who give me tickets to things once in a while.  I didn't plan on making it to this one, but since I got to your place early, I thought we'd try to go together."
Dean smiled. "That's okay. I'll take you any and every way I can get you," he smiled, trailing kisses up the side of his neck. "But for now," he sighed, "I guess we should get ready to go, huh?"
"Yeah.  Yes!" Cas said, shaking his head as if snapping out of a trance.  "God, I'm sorry." He ushered Dean inside and took his coat.  "I'm really bad at this," he muttered, not realizing he'd said it out loud until Dean patted his shoulder.
Dean nodded and took his dirty dish to the sink and turned back toward the living room.  "I think G.I. Joe is on," he said quietly.   "If you wanna watch it, Sammy."
"Oh my god," Cas blurted before he could stop himself, his face burning red as usual.  He knew Dean was desperate to change the subject away from what had just happened, so he just went with it.
Cas covered his face with his hand and groaned. "Can I start the morning over?" he mumbled, catching a glimpse of Sam grinning in amusement.
"Holy shit," Dean's voice echoed behind him as he hobbled over to look out the window.  "I guess you
"I need to quit this place," he sighed as he began picking up the bent and battered books.  "You know, the worst part is, I
"Good.  That's what you want.  So you just want to lace them up nice and snug so that they support your ankles. He took his time loosening and re-tightening the laces until they were laced up almost to the top.  "How's that?"
Dean shrugged in agreement. "I admit it. But then we spent that first night together, and we talked so much... you opened up despite your anxiety, and I told you things I would never usually tell people on first dates. And when I fell asleep with you snuggled against my chest, it just felt... I don't know. It felt right. I spent the next few weeks trying not to call you every ten minutes, because you were all I could think about."
"The trick is," he whispered, working his finger in to the first knuckle, "lots of lube, and going slow.  Don't rush it. Take as long as you need.  Let your muscles adjust and stretch."
.  Kink is only fun if both parties want it.  I mean, a little nudge out of the comfort zone is good, but everyone has hard limits. Like for me, anything involving blood, scat, or watersports is a hard
Cas sighed.  "You're too good to me..." He paused for a moment, pensively considering whether or not he should say what he was thinking.  "My therapist thinks a lot of my issues stem from religious guilt," he sighed.
Dean laughed and ruffled his hair as Cas continued looking mortified.  "Not fucked up.  Just learning how to live life on your own terms. No more guilt. You'll get it.  And until then, I'll be here to give you all the validation you need."
"Hey.  Come on!  You need to call off if you're not going to work.  I called Dr. Mitchell and she had a cancellation this morning, so she can see you right away."
"Uh, guess I was recognized," Dean said, sheepishly rubbing at his jaw.  "I'm a DJ. Apparently she's a fan of my work," he shrugged, looking a bit embarrassed.  "Dean Ambrose is my stage name. When I started out, I didn't want people to know my real name, but of course, people find shit out."
"But Sam is better at this," Cas struggled awkwardly. "I don't think billiards is for me. I don't have the faintest idea how to..."
"You gonna eat your pancakes? " he asked softly. He slid Dean's plate toward him and started cutting them into bite-sized pieces.
Cas yelped and thrashed some more as a hand made it's way to his groin, gently cupping his cock and balls.
"Step," Cas commanded, holding out a red and yellow pair of briefs, which Dean stepped into without hesitation.  Cas gently pulled them up his hips and grabbed a bright blue t-shirt next.
"Embarrassing?  Because you're sick?" Dean laughed.  "No reason to be embarrassed there, Cas.  I didn't know about the depression... But I suppose they often go hand-in-hand."
Cas suddenly cried out in a mixture of panic and ecstasy as he felt his entire body clench.  His eyes rolled back as the sensation became too much to bear. "Oh!  Dean!  Dean!  Oh! Deeean!"  He knotted a fist in the front of Dean's t-shirt and yanked him down, digging his fingers into his back and gripping him tightly as he trembled.
Shortly after he'd come to Earth, Castiel began feeling a strange sense of longing.  It was like nothing he'd ever experienced in his long lifetime - a longing to fit in.  A longing to love, and to be loved.  A longing for
"Dean?"  Cas's voice suddenly tore him from his self-pity. "You didn't sleep much.  What are you thinking about?"
Cas looked like he was about to cry.  "I've only been human for a few weeks, Dean!  I don't know how to do
Cas bent his knees and Dean lay next to him, reaching between his legs to run a slick finger around his hole again.  Watching Cas's face for any signs of pain, he teased the tip of his finger in and out a few times until Cas got used to it before pressing a little deeper.
Sam tried hard to hide a snort of laughter as Dean looked up at him. "Go take care of your boy." He handed Dean the remaining pack of gum.  "He's gurning a little.  Not too bad, but I made him chew and drink."
His cock was already aching and leaking precum, and still, Dean hadn't really touched him. It twitched violently as sticky fingers trailed blueberry goo down the inside of his thighs.  He wanted to moan, to cry out for Dean to just touch him already, but he didn't dare. He wasn't sure how serious Dean was about not sucking him off, but he wasn't about to risk it.
Cas sighed.  "Honestly?  I've been having kind of a rough day.  No reason for it. I just feel like shit."
Cas backed up and tilted his head under the warm shower spray, and it took every last bit of willpower for Dean to not lick up that wide-open expanse of skin at the column of his neck. He distracted himself by fiddling with the shampoo bottle instead.
"Thanks, Gabe," he muttered, embarrassed, but also slightly relieved that he wouldn't have to eventually go into a store to buy them... For a long time.  Still, there was more in the bag, so he pulled out the next, much heavier item: An embarrassingly big bottle of lube with a pump on top.
"Cas," Dean rasped, "you gotta stop calling me beautiful.  And you need do something, or get up so I can do it myself."
Dean giggled and nuzzled his face. "Here." He reached over and pumped a few squirts from the giant bottle of lube into his hand, and slicked it over his cock. Motioning for Cas to rise up on his knees, he positioned himself just beneath him.
"Oh yeah," Dean said softly as he caught the red-faced, frustrated scowl on Cas's face. "Also? You're going to fall. Everyone does when they're starting out. Don't get discouraged, just accept that it's part of learning."
"It's okay," Cas laughed nervously. "My guilty conscience was eating me alive anyway. At least now I don't have to think about it."
With a final glance in the mirror, he shrugged doubtfully.  He cleaned up okay, he supposed, but he felt like such a nerd.  Dean always had an effortlessly cool, put-together, edgy look.  He always looked like he'd stepped out of the pages of some trendy fashion magazine.  Cas was the type that wore boring sweaters and khakis and sensible shoes.  He sighed and picked up his phone.  Gabriel had been checking on him a lot the last few days, so he figured he'd better text him lest he panic if he came downstairs:
Dean nodded, looking away in embarrassment.   He shoved the toy car into his shirt pocket before replying.   "Yeah.  I.  Uh.  I'm not sure what happened, but my head was all fucked up.  I didn't feel like I could drive, so I just climbed into the backseat to cool off for a bit," he sighed.   "And I guess I fell asleep."
Gabriel burst into hysterical laughter.  "I'm sorry! You know I wouldn't date her because she's your doctor, but she's still hot."
"I just got a lead on the..." he paused, staring in confusion at the scene in front of him.  His older brother was watching cartoons, snuggling a teddy bear, and surrounded by a pile of coloring books. "Umm.  I'll come back later," he said, almost worriedly as he turned around and slammed the door shut.
"Ca-Cas," he held out his hand to shake. "I'm fine. I guess I'm just not a big crowd kind of person."
"Well, it's almost bedtime," Cas sighed. "Let's get you washed up and you can sleep in my bed tonight if you'd like.  You've been such an angel today."
"Oh!  Sorry. C-Cas," he stuttered, opening his eyes for a brief second, long enough to nearly swoon at Dean's slightly parted, full pink lips and rugged jawline.
," he moaned in an embarrassingly sexual tone, making Gabriel burst into hysterical laughter, and Cas shift uncomfortably.
Dean tightened his arm around his waist as he tenderly kissed his forehead.  "Well, if not, it's their loss."
As he surveyed the crowd, Cas was glad most of the people were so busy dancing that they weren't looking his direction anymore. He had never been a fan of dancing in public; it made him feel too self-conscious. Still, watching these people made him wonder what it felt like to be so uninhibited and carefree. Dean worked the crowd like the seasoned veteran he was, spinning song after song to the voracious masses, seamlessly blending each one into the next until it felt like one cohesive piece of music. There was no denying he was good at what he did, and Cas felt a swell of pride flood his chest.
As the two of them settled down into Gabe's cushy purple velvety couch, a couch Cas thought was tacky as hell, and yet so utterly 'Gabriel', Cas leaned over and gave Dean a tiny peck on the cheek.
Cas awoke feeling sore all over. His stomach muscles ached, his throat was scratchy and raw, and his thighs felt like they did after a too-long bike ride. He blinked the sleep from his eyes and rubbed at his face, groaning at how heavy his arms felt.
"Whaaat? So I'm a little kinky sometimes," Dean laughed.  "I know you're pretty innocent and all, but you can't tell me you don't have kinky fantasies?"
"Oh.  Sorry.  Guess he was really waiting for the car, huh?" Sam muttered.  Typical Dean when it came to food, he supposed.  "Nah, I'm good.  Well, wait.  Maybe a chicken caesar salad, if you don't mind."
Cas looked up at his, eyes dull and tired as he blinked a few times. "Yeah," he nodded sheepishly.  "This is how I normally sleep when I'm alone. In just my boxers."
like for him to eventually be less paranoid around the bunker."  He paused for a moment, and Sam's face contorted in anticipation of what he was about to ask. "We try to be careful, but if you were to see us downstairs once in a while, say in the living room, would it make you uncomfortable?"
"Huh.  That's fuckin' shitty.  Who's going to come to the library in a goddamn ice storm?"   Gabriel picked up his shovel and sighed heavily.    "I'll start at the end, you start here.  Meet you in the middle."
He opened his mouth and let out a huge yawn, then rubbed at the slight red marks on his wrist, hoping they weren't too noticeable.  Dean had indulged his little restraint fantasy again with the help of one of Cas's old ties, and he'd pulled against them pretty hard when he climaxed.
"You will be. When you're ready. Don't worry about it right now," he said, pulling Cas in a little tighter. "Right now, you should just kiss me."
Dr. Mitchell stared at him for a moment, her kind eyes looking a bit misty.  "You know you're not an idiot because you have wonky brain chemistry.  This Dean sounds like a very good friend."
It had been a long time since he'd sat sullenly on the floor of the shower like this.  When he and Gabriel shared a house, this is where he'd go to cry on bad depression days.  There were times he was inexplicably teary, and as much as he tried to stop them, the stupid tears would fall anyway.  He hated worrying Gabe, especially when he didn't even know
"Oh! Mmmph. A little," Cas admitted, though frankly, he didn't have time to think about guilt right now.
"Um.  Okay.  What are we doing?," Cas asked, the ridiculous anxiety-fueled part of his brain suddenly reliving every cliche horror movie he'd ever seen.
"The tree," he murmured stupidly. "I've seen it on TV, but I've always wanted to see it in person..."
"Good... You gonna take your socks off?" Dean grinned as he caught Cas staring, wearing only his boxers and tall black dress socks.
Cas gripped Dean's arm for dear life as he wobbled toward the railing. "This sucks," he muttered, just as he lost his balance. He nearly dragged Dean down with him, but Dean managed to get his feet under him and stopped him from hitting the ice.
, he couldn't imagine how scared he must have been the first time it happened - the time Dean had kicked him out of the bunker.
"Seriously, Cas, this is the best damn pie I've ever had. And I've eaten a lot of pie.  The crust is so flaky, and tender, and buttery, and..." he paused to take another bite.  "Ohhh. It's
"Not stopping unless you tell me to," Dean reminded him, going at him harder. He traced his tongue around the twitchy rim, listening to the most depraved noises coming from Cas's mouth.  When he pressed the pointy tip of his tongue against the hole, Cas yelped as it barely penetrated him.
"Riiight.  Dr. Sexy," Cas sighed.  "Of course."  He settled in behind Dean and continued gently stroking him as they watched together, every so often giving him a little scratch on the chin or behind the ears.
.  So who is this guy who broke your streak?  What's he do?  Am I going to have to give him the big brother talk?" he grinned, eyes sparkling with amusement.
"You're not the only one learning. I see four others on the side of the rink too. Take a deep breath."
Cas shrugged.  He wasn't sure if he was imagining it or not, but Dean suddenly looked incredibly self-conscious.  "I don't care. I want to hear what you do."
in a safe place. He was in the bunker with his brother and the closest friend he had. There was no reason he couldn't relax; after all, he was just doing this
"Good, good.  Great set tonight!  Hey, I won't keep you, since I know you're headed on break, but give me a call later so we can catch up," Nate said.  "It's been too long."
he was crying.  So he'd cry in the shower, usually sitting on the floor, since standing took too much effort.  The water washed the salty tears down the drain and kept his face from turning red, and the steam kept his sniffly nose clear.  The first time he'd stepped out of the shower after a good breakdown, he could barely even tell he'd been crying, so for a while, it became a guilty little habit.
"Not really, since you took ecstasy," Dean laughed. "Tonight wasn't what I expected either.  I'm just glad it went relatively well, all things considered."
"Nah, you'll be fine. You just need to learn enough to look like you've played once or twice. I don't want you to look too good out there anyway," Dean said. He took a long, slow drag from his bottle, his eyes slyly watching the pool table across the room. He hadn't done this in a few months, but since their last credit card had been canceled for suspicious activity, they needed a few bucks to tide them over until the next one came along.
He'd bought them months back when he was still feeling good, thinking he'd change up his lack-of-style for once, but never had the guts to wear them.  He kicked his khakis off and stepped into them, leaving the tags intact. After all, maybe he could sell them on Craigslist or something.
"I don't know. This is the first time I'll actually be in a room with him for more than five minutes, you know?  His first impression of me wasn't exactly great..."
Cas smiled.   "Good.  I've booked a hotel room for the weekend.  I thought you'd have too much trouble letting your guard down with Sam in the bunker. "
.  He wasn't drunk, but he had just enough alcohol in him to be pleasantly buzzing, and a few thoughts from his subconscious mind were hovering at the surface.   Sure, he'd had some dirty thoughts about Cas before.  It was only natural - he was a good-looking guy.  And it wasn't it wasn't like he'd never been with a guy on occasion.  Still,
"You might as well get comfortable," Tom muttered. He went around to the end of the bed and began lashing Cas's feet to the bottom of the bed frame, leaving him bound and spread-eagle on the mattress.
Cas's posture suddenly softened, and his eyes welled up a little.  He'd nearly forgotten that Dean had been making sacrifices for his brother from such an early age.
"Mmm.  Hi, Dean," Cas sighed happily.  He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and rolled onto his back to give him a sleepy smile.  "I tried to wait up for you, but I guess I fell asleep.  The one night I actually
"Okay.  Why do you think that is?  It's something most people do at some point in their lives.  Most couples in relationships have sex, right?  You said you want to do it, so why is it scary to you?"
"Oh." They walked along silently as the gentle snowflakes fluttered down around them, with Cas still deep in thought.
"Shhh.  You're okay," Dean soothed.   "But tell me if you need me to stop..."  He slowly began working Cas open with a finger, intently watching the expression on his face.  When he was sure he had loosened up enough, he pulled away long enough to slick up his cock.  "You ready?"
Cas was still busy looking around at the other people filing into their assigned rows, but he nodded bravely.  "It's not too bad I guess.  Can you tell me now why we're here?"
Dean slumped with his back against the wall and casually began flipping through Netflix selections as Cas rambled.  "Yeah?  Like what?"
Dean felt ridiculous, but he had to admit, it was slightly easier to act stupid while he was hiding behind the mask.
The mood backstage was tense, the staging area chaotic, flooded with a hundred or so people clamoring to get ready before the big debut. Models and makeup artists, designers and lighting technicians, each one oblivious to anything but their own part in this massive production, floated by Dean's periphery as he found his sense of calm in the booth. He loved this atmosphere, knowing that with the right songs, he could orchestrate the mood of the room, tying all the chaos together with a common thread of music.
"I think the line was the worst part of it," Dean assured him.  "Right through here," he said, pointing to a large set of double doors. "You okay?"
There was a time he felt that he was able to make good decisions, to do the right thing, but those days were long gone.  It had become increasingly obvious that even when he thought he was doing the right thing, he managed to screw it up somehow.
"Mmmhmm.  Just relax and enjoy it for now, sweetheart," Dean said as he continued to rub up and down his body. "The high doesn't last too long."
," Dean insisted, stepping forward to tangle his fingers in the back of Cas's hair. "You know it is."
"What?" Cas ran his fingers over the rich, dark leather once again, trying not to smile at how ridiculous it was that he enjoyed the thought of wearing it.
"I actually went to school for fashion design, believe it or not," Dean laughed.  "So it's like the best of both worlds for me.  I get to see all the new stuff, I work with the designers to create a setlist... It's really fun.  Anyway, it's Fashion Week, so I have a few gigs there.  I have an apartment in New York, so I usually just drive up and stay."
"Yeah," Dean nodded. "Well, hey, just relax here for a few.  You're probably exhausted. Let me get my skates off and I'll go get us some more cookies and cocoa."
"No.  I think you have anxiety," Dean shrugged.  "Doesn't make you a freak.  And you're just fine once you warm up a little."  He put the van in 'drive' and pulled onto the main road.   "Are you okay at restaurants?  Do places like that make you anxious?"
me, honey. You need this." He slipped the pill into Cas's mouth and before Cas could even register that it wasn't a mint, he had swallowed it, nearly choking as he tried to stop himself.
Cas sighed happily.   He was pretty sure Dean wouldn't remember this conversation in the morning, but he answered anyway.
"Good." Slowly, he raised him back up, then removed the fingers from his mouth. "Now let's try this again.  Do you want me, Cas?"
Besides, Dean had come out in this weather, and it would be completely rude to make him drive for no reason.
Dean shrugged.  "Just doing my job."  He snapped the radio on for some noise to fill the silence as he stared guiltily ahead.  He
?"  He yanked him up to a standing position and grazed his teeth against Cas's shoulder before giving him a gentle bite.  "Do you know how many nights I lie awake in bed, jerking off to the thought of this?  Taking you.
