“It’s also why you are particularly affected by domestic cases, and strive for justice for the victim. Not just because justice in action embodies one of your values, but because you are personally affected by it.”
For readers unfamiliar with US geography: For this fic, you only need to know that Vermont is one of the northmost states in the eastern US. Below it is the state of Massachusetts. Below MA is the state of Connecticut. Beside VT, MA, and CT is the large state of New York, bordering all three. John spent most of his adult life in CT, skipped over to NY when he had to, then up to MA, and finally up in VT.
“Oh.” John blinked. Victor stood, and of course he was bloody tall. Taller than Sherlock or Mycroft, by at least two or three inches.  “Hello, I’m Doctor John Watson.”
“I want to be yours. Come on me, John. Aim for my mouth.” That voice, that deep baritone laced with sex, that suggested virility and desire, that voice undid John. His orgasm burst like fireworks shooting from deep in his belly to behind his eyes.
John smiles in a way that’s sardonic and raw - the heaviness of his family history still straddles his shoulders, not yet ready to let go.
Viola turns her gaze out the window and to the closest tree, a resplendent cherry in the throes of autumn. In the branches there, for just a second, she thinks she sees it: a black bird, feathers gleaming in the sun.
John shakes his head ‘no’ but he’s talking. “My dad had started drinking. He used to box to let off steam. He’d work during the day. He was a builder. My mum was a schoolteacher. She came home to us kids and made us dinner and hovered over us while we did our homework. And he’d go out to the pub, or to the ring. Hamish Watson. He was pretty good at it, from what I hear.
Sherlock smiled as he straightened and clasped his hands behind his back. It was the first time in the weeks since John had been here that he was dressed in one of his bespoke suits with the dark jacket. “As tempting as it is, I won’t do that to you. Just...take care.” His voice was steady, almost aloof.
“I know the basic timeline and the charges. Your background seemed sensationalized. But none of that is the same as sitting here, listening to you. Those articles are not truly about you, as much as they are written for the entertainment of the masses.” He squeezed John’s hand. “I am not the masses.”
“I want what everyone wants, isn’t that right?” His anger flared, hot like a long-banked fire come to life. “I want at least one person. Just one, regular person to come home to, who sees me for who I am, and accepts me. Who won’t judge me based on my past, right? Isn’t that what everyone wants?”
John’s body relaxes, which eases the tight feeling in Sherlock’s rib cage. “I appreciate that. I’m not trying to rush us, or change you, Sherlock. But if we’re doing this, we’re doing this as equals. On the same page. And I won’t bully you into doing anything you don’t want to do.”
William, who looked so fucking handsome in his suit, smiled in a way that made his face twinkle. “It has defied all expectations.”
William met his eyes, and John could see an intense fury burning there. It surprised him. “You rarely mention him, and when you do, your breathing and your pulse rate quicken, and you perspire more. Your guilt comes through loud and clear, as if by mentioning your conversations with him you are engaging in something clandestine. Tell me, John, does
John scoffs. “It’s not as if I thought she might off Clara at some point. It’s more...she saw what that did to our family.”
“I’m glad she was no longer under the thumb of my father,” William said brusquely. “My brother is seven years older than I. He went to MIT. It was expected I would do that or join my father’s alma mater at Harvard. I refused. My mother’s trust for me would not be mine until I was the age of twenty-five. He cut me off financially unless I bowed to his wishes. I did what many young people without money do in America—I joined the military. I was seventeen.”
William strode from the kitchen to the living room. “You read a lot,” he said, no doubt having noticed John’s precariously stuffed bookshelves.
Sherlock goggled, his mouth ajar on his pale face. “I didn’t realize I could be at fault for so much unhappiness in your life. It’s a wonder you remain my friend.”
“It’s amazing how you do that. Yes, I just cleaned it all up, but I normally use the table as my desk.”
The other wondrous part of John is how bulldog protective he is of Sherlock. How his quiet posturing around Sherlock makes him feel as if he were a significant asset. John’s behavior makes Sherlock want to be better, want to be thoughtful, considerate, even, of another person, instead of dismissive and manipulative to his own ends.
The thought of all this, this paradise, compelled him to raise his flute of champagne, the liquid crystalline in the candlelight. “Happy Anniversary to us.”
“Yeah, a Victor Trevor. They went to uni together,” he said, strangely possessed with the impulse to defend Sherlock’s ability to make and keep friends. “Met him the other day. Nice bloke.”
Victor’s grin was astonishing, with wonderfully straight teeth that he obviously whitened. Against the smooth darkness of his skin, they were blinding. “Is that what he calls me now?” Victor swung toward Sherlock, still grinning, his hands on his hips. “Sherl, you wound me. I would have said we were more than that.”
“Come here, oh fuck, come here and kiss me.” Sherlock obliged, and their teeth nearly clacked together with the fervor of their kisses. Sherlock’s hand stole over John’s. John handed him the tube and Sherlock leaned back to apply lube to his own cock. Sherlock’s cock was a thing of beauty - long and thick, rosy-tipped.
It had been there all along, hand't it? His unwanted attraction. His love for a beautiful and brave, and insane man. And through it all, Sherlock,
The letters tried to shame him, to frighten him, to anger him...they’d done their job. His shame weighed heavily, as if he carried the lives of all the people Mary had killed on his shoulders. His fright drove him from place to place, and his anger drove him to something he never thought he would do after leaving his dad’s militia behind: carrying a gun.
On the built-in shelves beside him, below the windows, are favourite keepsakes from over the years - heart-shaped rocks, interesting pebbles, birds’ nests, bits of fur, feathers, snakeskin, bones, a turtle’s shell, seashells, and dried seaweed. His careful handwriting stands out on the labels. He’d identified them when he was able, and strong. They are scattered among books on anatomy, ecology, mathematics, board games, and 3D puzzles, all intended to keep him amused as he wasted away to nothing but a skeletal frame.
They lay side by side, the glorious haze of the afterglow drifting over them. William shifted, and then he spoke.
“I haven’t been in a month,” John admits. His eyes meet Sherlock’s. “You’re the one that cured me, after all.”
“Anytime.” He sent her a winning grin. The one that had, once upon a time, seemed to hook the attention of almost any man or woman within sight. With his blond hair and boyish looks, he used to get a lot of friendly attention despite his short stature - and he had loved it. Now, he preferred the reputation he’d gained as a grumpy, reclusive author barely making ends meet in a tiny cabin of the Vermont woodland. It was far from the prying eyes of bored journalists and self-fashioned vigilantes. But as Bonnie smiled at him, and people came into the post office with their eyes on the counter and not a single glance in his direction, it reminded him he wasn’t the epicentre of the earth. Life had continued beyond his most volatile years. Most people out there didn’t give one iota about John Hamish Watson.
scared her.” One tear swelled over the corner of his eye, and dripped down his temple. “I miss her, though. It was just me and her after him. Unlearning everything, unraveling all the shit conspiracies that knotted up our heads. She supported me through everything, though she was just barely holding herself together. It was the trial that finally broke her. I think. And now, I can either continue to hold it against her, or I can...forgive her, and we can move forward. Leave behind not only Hamish Murray, who we’ve already left behind, but leave behind Mary, too. Completely.”
“What does Victor Trevor have to do with my life? I met him at Sherlock’s, they’re quarantined there and we’re quarantined here! End of story!” The volume of his voice raised to a near shout. Immediately, he wished it hadn’t. And that he hadn’t said those words. He groaned and covered his eyes with one hand.
“Okay.” John tilted his chin and met Sherlock in a soft, open-lipped kiss. “I’ll be home before you know it.”
He sweeps into the hall and is about to shout up the stairs when he hears the murmur of John’s voice above.
John looked at William. He was so earnest, with his soft expression and his gorgeous eyes. “It’s not like that. I’m not some wilting flower or something.”
“Mmm.” John watched as William pulled several times on his dick, then squeezed the tip. A shimmering drop appeared at the slit. William swiped his forefinger over the droplet, and brought it to his tongue.
“I’m not mothering you, I’m doctoring you,” John said. “I’ve told you, I did actually go to med school.”
His voice was pure sex, deep and smooth, clipped by thrusts of tongue to teeth and palate. A feverish sizzle unspooled in his gut, and John could swear his heart skipped a few beats.
This morning, in the stark contrast of daylight, John nuzzles his neck. Sherlock’s cock begins to fill, but when he lifts his head to murmur his assent to John, he catches sight of the doll.
He padded down the hall and entered the kitchen where Rosie stood on a stool at the table, looking over her watercolors. Mary stood at the stove with a cookbook open on the counter.
Through everything, William was in John’s corner. They spent as much time as possible together. When John had gone to his mother’s for Christmas, he and William had kept up a chain of snarky texts that devolved into X-rated messages, followed by heartfelt, mushy confessions he’d never own up to in public. New Year’s had been spent at Mike and Anita’s house with a group of their friends, including Molly, who toasted them in their love. (She had someone new in her life—Brad the Pharmacist, who seemed steadfast and kind.) Otherwise, they were joined at the hip: movie nights, dinner dates, sleepovers, weekend trips away, shooting at the gun range (where both of them proved exceptional), and memberships at the same gym.
“You like to watch?” John fucked himself on his fingers, adding a second, feeling it stretch and burn.
“Mike and Molly spoke highly of you after you left the party. I was...intrigued. As well as attracted.”
In the afterglow, when they’re cleaned up and resting in each other’s arms, John whispers to him, “I didn’t know it was you I was looking for all my life.”
Sherlock is wrapped in his dressing gown with his legs stretched toward the fire. He considers what Harry had told him - and as far as he can tell, there’s only one thing in common between John, his father, his grandfather, and his grandmother. A commonality that Harry Watson doesn’t share.
John felt his stomach drop. “Shit, Ned, you can’t go around saying that. I ought to kick you out for a day, but we don’t have a rule for this kind of thing. I’ll talk to Shawn about instituting one.”
Hard to believe here John was, years later, looking at the chair of his very much alive friend, though said friend was currently suffering from the cause of the world’s pandemic.
Golden lettering against black cardstock looped and swirled like an artist’s rendition of shooting stars in the sky. Embossed edges depicted bursts of fireworks. The hospital had gone all out for this benefit, and though it could be said John’s stomach tumbled with butterflies, it felt more like moths dashing themselves into hot lightbulbs.
He opened the P.O. box for Bill Murray and took out a couple junk mail letters, something from his bank, and a new insurance offer. He tucked those under his arm and shut the little brass door, locking it. He removed the white envelope from the J. Sholto box and opened it, sliding out a single page from inside. Typewritten words marked the paper. His mouth went dry. Sharp ice threaded his gut as he read:
“I couldn’t say for sure what we would have become when our tour was over. But he was my friend. And my lover. And it was my foolhardiness that killed him.”
John took his hand and gave it a squeeze, fitting his fingers among William’s larger ones. “Thank you for trusting me.”
He used to torture himself with those thoughts. If he hadn’t been so serious about acing his exams, if he’d taken it easy sometimes, if he’d gone home—how many deaths could have been prevented? How many deaths were there in the end?
John glared at the man who dealt the punches, a veteran called ‘Spike,’ who was small and wiry like John, with a quick temper and a mean spirit. “You know the rules. You get into a fight and you’re banned. Three men against one, you get three days out.”
“Yes, I have deduced things about you. But romance is but one thing in my life, and it was fleeting and distracting and ultimately unfulfilling. Why are you so obsessed with something I’m trying to avoid?”
“Oh? How’s that going?” he said, his voice soft with sympathy. Bonnie was usually full of good cheer and town gossip, but she’d been in knots over her family situation. Her grandson, Steve, was suffering PTSD after his tour in Afghanistan. His mother, Leslie, was at her wit's end.
That idea made his stomach queasy, like he’d eaten a chili dog and then taken an ill-advised turn on a carnival ride.
“Don’t give me that. Something’s wrong. We can’t—we can’t fix things if we keep things from each other.” John wasn’t intending on keeping secrets, any secrets, in his relationships anymore.
Sherlock releases his hold on John and steps back, the arm still in hand. Guilt clogs his chest as he looks at John, the man’s forearms braced against the wall. His shoulders lift and lower with his breathing. He staggers back. Sherlock steps away to give him room. John wipes his face with his hands, and then he cups his head. “Oh god, oh god,” he utters. “Sherlock. I - I don’t know what’s happened.” He pulls his hands down and looks at the doll. “What - what’s happened?” His hands tremble. Tears glisten on his cheeks.
John is seated in a patch of moonlight on the bed. The scene appears similar to the cover of a book of science fiction. His skin is bleached white from the light and his shoulders pull back while his head tips up toward the ceiling, the slope of his nose pointed to the heavens.
He watched in the glass’ reflection as Anita waylaid Mike's approach with an exclamation. “Come here! I’ve been wanting you to meet the Nguyens, and they just got here.” He couldn’t be more grateful for her interruption. Mike had been about to follow him, and John wasn’t in the mood to talk.
John left the bedroom, shutting the door behind him. He looked around the empty, clean kitchen, his heart in his throat, trying desperately to blossom, but stunted. Tight in the bud. He swallowed. Put the book on the counter and headed for the steps to his bedroom.
“I was studying to be a doctor. Harry...Harry lived by our parents and looked in on them. But she wasn’t...somehow she didn’t see it coming.” John’s voice is hard, like metal filings saturate his vocal cords. “And I can’t believe she didn’t. I can’t…” He hugs himself harder as his face twists into an angry grimace.
“John, I really prefer the skull not get turned around on the mantelpiece, if you don’t mind,” Sherlock says as he opens the door to his wardrobe.
He gave John a small smile. “I would like to assuage your fears. Please ask me what you need to ask me.”
John released his breath as the man left the office. He stared at the spider plant hanging by the window, variegated green and white leaves hanging down, a new baby dangling in the air off the parent plant. Sins of the father redeemed by the son. Sins of the wife, redeemed by the husband?
Sherlock dodges left, fakes right. John anticipates his move to go right, and is taken off guard as Sherlock barrels forward and shoves him up against the wall.
With no one in line for the counter, he headed over. It was a chance to pretend that he wasn’t actually in to pick up his mail, just for a moment. He was here to act human with a person IRL. The years of hate mail had driven him to seek most human interactions online, but he and his $155-per-hour-therapist agreed that these small chats with townies were good for him. Weekly trips to the post office over the past year had become part of his therapy.
“I skipped the ten-day leave and went straight to the School of Infantry. I did fifty-nine days there and then went into active service. Within two months, they made me a Private First Class. After ten months of service, they made me a Lance Corporal.”
“Fuck!” He punched the wheel. “Motherfucking-shit-fuck-goddamnit-fuck-it-all-to-hell!” He rained down a flurry of punches onto the wheel and dashboard like it didn’t matter that he was made of flesh and they were hard petroleum products. “What the
He’d just slipped into a fresh shirt—long-sleeved and slate grey—when the doorbell rang. With a few finger-rakes through his hair and a sniff under the arms, he deemed himself “good enough.”
He waved at her. “No, it’s alright, Bonnie. We all have things.” He tried to keep his cadence even. Normal. She had to know who she was. He had to give the post office his legal name in order to keep his PO boxes here. This was the longest he’d stayed in any one place, and in the early days when he’d dashed in and out, Bonnie had only waved and smiled. With time, they’d started talking. Sometimes they bumped into each other at the supermarket in town. He had the feeling she knew all about him, but went out of her way to be welcoming.
John had to chew on the term ‘lesser people’ for a second before responding. “It’s been a privilege,” he said, glancing over at Sherlock again, He thought he saw a twitch of Sherlock’s lips. “So, you’ve brought us a case then?”
William’s focus on John was almost unbearable, the way his eyes seemed to see through John, see everything about John, and still want more. John knew he was desired, and not just for a one-off orgasm. It was a flesh contract they wrote together now, a carnal signature on their mutual agreement.
John smirked and shifted to looking at Rosie’s paintings. Blobs with legs adorned the pages in a rainbow of colours. “I’m just saying. Let’s not go out more than we have to. Keep our hands clean. Don’t touch our faces.”
Jesus. John took a swig of the beer he swore he wouldn’t have, and stalked over to the sliding doors that led out to a balcony. The lights of downtown Stamford were like stars on acid, and he let himself get lost in their scintillating brightness.
“I’ll be waiting,” John says, smiling. He looks like himself again, all boyish charm in a middle-aged man. And Sherlock knows he is forgiven. It washes over him like a cool breeze on a warm day.
Oh god, and those images of the victims. The crime scene. Some fucker had leaked them and splashed them across true crime websites, and even on a subreddit that grossly delighted in the freakish and macabre horizons of human depravity. The elderly people only looked as if they were sleeping. A picture of the person often accompanied these photos when she or he was alive, smiling at the camera in a blessed unawareness of their fate.
John laughed and William surged forward, cutting him off with a kiss. The kissing grew heated in an instant, like a star gone supernova. John found himself pushed flat on his back, and his body rippled with an electric thrill. It was almost too easy. Despite John’s terrible questions and William’s horrible confession, their passions flared and blended together in a blinding wave.
Mike’s eyes flicked between the two of them, his mouth open, cheeks hanging. “Uh, John is a writer now.”
John slides his hand beneath Sherlock’s head and lets him part way up and he bends down. Kisses Sherlock’s temple.
“Oh my god,” John shoves himself out of the bed. “Sherlock, are you telling me you have a fear of dolls? Is that what this has been about this whole time?”
Now there was this job opportunity. Now he was taking a colossal risk. Emerging from the shadows to potentially thrust himself into the light. What if this time he just told the harassers and detractors to fuck off? People were giving him a job, even though they knew his background. They were gifting him with the benefit of the doubt. No way could he turn that down.
The tidy, austere environment of the Rutland, Vermont post office spurred heart palpitations if he stayed too long - mottled grey tile that shone like light gleaming through fog, and institutional beige walls that were no more interesting to look at. It was an innocuous place for most. For John Watson it might have been called a type of purgatory, or an evil necessity in the journey of his life. He had improved by pretending like he was any other person. Casually picking up his mail. Chatting with postal workers when it was one of the friendly ones.
John’s face heated. “It’s different. As a child, I can say, I didn’t know any better. As an adult, and even as a teen...I sometimes think if I had just been brave enough to dump her the first time around...if I wasn’t such a coward—” He tried to tug his hand from William’s, but William didn’t let go.
“What saved me was the lack of evidence and the character witnesses. Molly and Mike. Even Officer Donovan spoke on my behalf. And two psychiatrists. I was acquitted.”
John stopped by his chair. He'd moved it just inside the bedroom door, still several feet from where Sherlock sat up in he bed. He picked the book up from the ground. Dusted off the cover as if it had something on it.
“Doctor Watson, I’m glad you could make it.” Dr. Chowdhury appeared at his side. She didn’t smile, but her words seemed genuine.
Someone had given her lessons since then. Tonight she wore a sparkly pewter-grey cocktail dress with a white-stoned lavalier. She'd smoothed her chestnut brown hair into a sleek, shiny bun, with fair skin exposed on her neck, shoulders and arms. Bracelets dangled from her delicate wrists. Gorgeous and tasteful.
“In retrospect, you always did seem to have nine lives,” Victor mused. “Remarkable.” He looked as if he wanted to eat Sherlock, and Sherlock - he smiled at Victor and dropped his eyes to his violin. John could swear his cheeks pinked.
Then again, could he even hack this kind of job? He hadn’t had to work with a group of people in a decade. His residency at the hospital had ended with his arrest.
As they sipped, eyes on each other, John caught a whiff of cooking lasagna. “Let me just get out the salad.”
“I was one of the few kids in the group that wasn’t homeschooled, but after-school and on weekends, I was involved. They believe they’re training for the next civil war. All us kids...we played war games on the weekend. How to shoot guns, how to fight a man hand to hand, how to disappear into the Georgia forest and swamps. They used to take bets on us. Pit us against one another, me and the other boys. If I lost I got punished.”
“John, you said you sold her to a pawn shop. You told me you sold her. That you were moving on and leaving her behind. That I -” The next words steal his breath. What he means to say - he is supposed to be John’s future.
“You’re right about that!” Anita’s Boston accent hadn’t quite left her, and it sharpened John’s nostalgia. Debates between the shelves of the library, Anita popping in while wearing a Boston Red Sox jersey, loudly giving her own opinion before handing out the coffees. Molly, a devout Yankees fan, would tell Anita her opinion had no jurisdiction anywhere on account of wearing a loser team shirt. Volleying banter would erupt until a librarian popped out from behind a bookcase to shush them with a stifling glare.
“Yeah. You know, I realised that it was holding me back. Maybe holding us back. My parents...my parents died a long time ago. It’s been years, and though I’ll never forget them, or feel at peace with what happened, I shouldn’t let it control my future. So here. Right now. I’m leaving the past behind. And I’m moving forward, with you.
Tracks ran behind the building, shaking the entire place every hour with the passing of a train. Graffiti littered the walkway, and brown weeds languished in the cracks. Yellow chrysanthemums brightened the barrel planters, their sunshine faces the last bulwark against the first deep freeze of autumn. Before John entered the shelter doors, he admired the shape and shadows of cheerful blooms.
“I’m sorry if I wasn’t very patient. If I...implied things I shouldn’t have implied. I never knew I could feel so deeply about someone the way I do you. It has driven me to distraction. And, apparently, to jealousy.”
should go on a bracelet. They’d talked for five or six years now, and whenever he thought of himself at a crossroads, she was there in his ear.
John lifted himself from the chair and headed for his tiny kitchenette. The cabin was small, and the rent was cheap. It held a second-hand loveseat with an old coffee table, a small television, bookshelves, and a little round table by the kitchenette. An empty counter space beside the sink seemed bereft ever since he’d put away his coffee maker. He’d quit a week ago, and though his mornings were a little groggy, he’d been making do with tea. A loft housed some of his boxes and seasonal wear. One door led to the bathroom, while the other led to his bedroom. The windows looked out onto pines, their broad trunks furrowed with age. Some stood very close to the cabin. When the wind was high, the creaking and weaving of the giant trees teased at the edges of his mind, an old bone-deep fear that one might fall on his little cabin.
And no one had ever defended him. When the trial had ended, John didn’t attend social events. Mike and Molly never had the opportunity to deftly ward off potentially uncomfortable situations because John had simply retreated. When the hate mail and the threatening emails and the internet doxxing got to be too much, John moved away. It hadn’t been straight to Vermont. First, it was the second floor in a shabby duplex in Poughkeepsie, New York. When someone identified him again, he went to Great Barrington, Massachusetts, and then Longmeadow, Mass, migrating further and further north. Eventually, he’d ended up in a tiny “town” outside of Rutland, Vermont. It couldn’t even be called a town, really. No post office, police station, or schools of its own. But he’d been there for two years and had received his first piece of hate mail only the week before.
But she doesn’t care that the neighbours can see her with this one cigarette. Fuck ‘em. Her son is dying, and she wishes she were next.
Sherlock stilled. Exhaled. “I’m not angry with you, John. It’s in your nature to tread into danger.”
“Uh-huh.” The thought of visiting gnawed at him like a rodent at wires—if he took the wrong bite he might end up fried, but if he didn’t, he’d be overwhelmed with an unsated urge. That his mother actually wanted to see him? Wanted him in her life? Incredible. His eyes stung and his chest heaved with his breath. “I—I do want to see you.” He’d almost said
Sherlock’s orgasm starts in the scoop of his hips and ripples outward, tearing through him in a gathering tsunami of pleasure, muscles contracting and cock shooting into the condom. John’s hand flies over his own cock, and in the next moment, he shoots semen up his belly and chest, hitting his chin. He roars through his release.
John had seen Sherlock brush off flirty types before. Only here, this time, the smile stayed on Sherlock's face as he locked eyes with Victor, and John was somehow superfluous. As he was once before. With Irene. Perhaps Janine. Definitely Irene.
“I don’t think we’re prepared for it if the reports of what’s happening in Italy happen here. There are about forty confirmed cases already.”
"Dear lord, Sherlock what have you done?" Molly covered her face, groaning and looking rather ridiculous in her fuzzy pink robe and bulbasaur slippers. "You can't just go around having sex with everyone's drunk husband!"
Sherlock was frozen, staring up at the ceiling  and feeling like there was a black hole in his chest, pulling everything in and crushing it. His whole body was stiff against the warm form of John, still laying on his shoulder and blissfully unaware in the land of dreams. He had woken up with his head throbbing in pain, cold from the lack of blankets, and sore all over, only to find John sleeping on his shoulder and cause the reality if the situation to come crashing down on him. A lot of the night in the bar was blurry, but his Mind Palace had preserved almost everything from their time in the flat and he regretted all of it quickly.
She rubbed his back and held him tight in the arms of a mother. “Love never makes sense. It’s supposed to be wild and reckless, throwing yourself completely into the arms of someone else and hoping that they don’t break your heart.”
Mrs. Hudson kissed him lightly on the forehead, tearing up. “You do whatever you need to Dear, just don’t go leaving me alone again. Your life is much too important to me.”
Sherlock sighed. "A good place is a good place. She is happy and that is good, so that means we are in a good place. We go on dates, so that means it is good too. We kiss and hug and hold hands, so that could be considered good. We have had sex, which is a completely unnecessary and rather pointless practice that Janine is fine with a lack of at most times. It's all in a good place, so obviously when you got to such a point in your relationship you proposed and you're married. With a kid. So, yes John. We are in a good place and even if I do not always know how to elaborate or take the next step into forming a relationship, I know who I want to marry and have a life with. I know my own brain and if I love someone, I know exactly who it is because I am not a child and won't be treated like one. I have had enough of that with everyone else who knows about my condition and I didn't think I would be getting it from you too."
Sherlock nodded, standing up and pulling John with him to press their bodies together and wrap his arms around his best friend's waist, kissing his jaw lightly with a small giggle that sent shivers through John's body. He walked backwards awkwardly with John in his arms, laughing as John leaned against him, hopping along on one foot while struggling to escape his trousers. When he finally escaped, Sherlock let himself be pressed against the door of his room so that John could start working at the buttons of his purple shirt to peel it away and drop it to the floor. Sherlock's hand found the door handle, pressing it down and causing the door to swing open, sending them to the floor with surprised shouts, but Sherlock couldn't help but smile when John started laughing. He took a moment to watch as the blue eyes filled with mirth, cheeks pink, hair ruffled, and lips red and kiss swollen, then sighed in contentment, storing away the heavenly moment in his Mind Palace. John was perfect. Amazing. Brilliant. Completely Sherlock's in that one moment, nobody else's.
John and Sherlock laughed out of genuine relief when they heard the footsteps and walkie talkie chatter outside of the carriage, bomb disposal finally arriving just in time. They had made quick work of the bomb, letting Sherlock release the wires he held so that he could wrap his arms around John who was practically crying out of happiness. There were people swarming around the carriage for a while before Sherlock could take his army doctor and escape from the madness, but at the first chance, be grabbed John's hand and sprinted away down the tracks and into the abandoned train station where Lestrade tried to stop them. He ended up chasing them both through the tunnels and through Westminster station, but Sherlock knew the city better above the ground and effectively lost the detective in the first few minutes, perfectly avoiding the question from the police and the complaints of paperwork from Lestrade. The two of them ran all the way back to Baker Street, slamming the door behind them and falling down onto the stairs panting and laughing until Mrs. Hudson came around and shooed them away with a broom and the promise of biscuits. After something as traumatic as holding onto a bomb that was about to explode, the two of them just sat in their respective chairs, watching each other breathe with small smiles.
John nodded, a heavy feeling settling in the pit of his stomach when he looked at the pain hidden in Sherlock's eyes. He turned away to escape from the look, but turning away made his chest hurt. Ignoring it, John walked over to the door, opening it and letting Sherlock pass through before following close behind, cheeks burning from guilt.
Sherlock blinked heavily a few times, looking down to where John was zoning out between his legs. He felt a lurch of panic through his drunken haze, wondering if maybe his penis was broken and that's why John had stopped. There was some sort of warped logic working its way through the brain fog, so Sherlock pulled John back up to his face, kissing him and snapping him back to as much of a reality that existed at the moment.
Sherlock shot him a judging look of disbelief, pointing to the laptop he had in his hand. “Seriously? I’ve just told you that the Western world is run from this house and you want to talk about
Sherlock turned his eyes towards John, who grinned back at him expectantly until finally Sherlock held out his hand to Tom, shaking it coldly. Glancing quickly down at Molly, Sherlock walked in between the couple and out of the door. Tom turned to watch him go for a moment before glancing back to John. Greg handed Molly a glass of champagne kindly as John started to follow Sherlock, but stopped briefly to take another look at Tom, who was staring at him with a strange look in his eye.
John had to keep himself from blacking out for a few more seconds, taking a few gasping breaths here or there to remind himself to breathe. “Who was it? What did they look like?”
"Yes it is. Seriously, who else would break into your flat in the middle of the night?" Sherlock let out a small chuckle, pulling his feet up onto the chair and hugging his legs.
John sighed, looking down at the note sadly. "I don't think he's going to come. You heard what he said. Weddings aren't really his area."
Sherlock chuckled, looking at John and falling silent as their eyes met. He smiled while looking at his friend, his
“He made me vulnerable. Weak. It felt wonderful to give myself to him, but in surrender lies madness.” He leaned his head against he shoulder, tears soaking into her shirt. “I hate being human. I hate heights because there is so much falling. I hate feelings and I hate him.”
Sherlock shook his head slowly, confused. "Can’t have ‘sometimes’. Has to be, um… all times." He struggled to pull himself up a little in his chair, raising his eyebrows at John in a challenge.
Sherlock looked down bashfully while grinning at John in a pleased manner, blushing a bit. "Thank you."
Sherlock sighed. “Maybe back then it was less about the dinner part of it and more about the company.”
John shrugged, sitting down on one of the chairs provided and turning away from Sherlock to give him a little privacy. "Sooo… do you have a wife?"
Sherlock huffed silently, burning holes through the door with his eyes. "Maybe." Moving towards the door quickly, Sherlock opened it and popped his head in before John could stop him. "Molly?"
Sherlock entered his Mind Palace, gathering everything that had to do with John, the good and the bad, and shoving it all into the room at the top of the stairs. He poured a yellowish liquid onto the floor before backing out of the room and pouring the liquid all over the stairs. When a safe distance away, Sherlock put down the gas can and pulled a box of matches out of his pocket, lighting a single one and letting it drop.
John looked at the ground, ashamed. He should know better than to assume things just because he had been lied to for years and was
She grinned, wrapping her arms around his neck. "Well it really does depend on if I find someone prettier that I don't have to fix." Pressing her lips firmly onto Sherlock's, she kissed him, slipping in a little tongue and biting his lip before pulling away. "Solve me a crime Sherlock Holmes."
Sherlock shook his head as they walked into the living room. "I am not attempting to be impressive John. Intimidation is key here." He quickly walked away from John over to Mary who was sitting on the sofa holding a glass of champagne.
Sherlock on the other hand was still drinking his coffee and watching John fully at this point. "Yes. I am."
John scratched the back of his head, shrugging lightly. ‘Me and Mary. Having dinner with… wine and… sitting.”
John reached for his glass, but didn't pick it up. "Er, no, they don’t. You tend to rub ’em up the wrong way."
Molly sighed, closing the door to her bedroom and leaning against it. "How long have you been sitting in my living room?"
John snorted. "Yeah, but am I a pretty lady?" He batted his eyelashes and tilted his head a certain way when he looked at Sherlock, who leaned forward and screwed up his eyes to peer at the paper to distract himself from John.
Sherlock's chest heaved painfully as he struggled to breathe properly, collapsing next to John in exhaustion. He let his lips tilt softly into a small smile directed towards the man next to him who was grinning wildly, out of breath and thrilled about it. John's eyes were soft, his pupils wide, but still there was such a beautiful blue shining through that he seemed to be staring right through Sherlock and into the brain that he thought was remarkable. John propped himself up on his elbows and leaned over Sherlock's chest, kissing his lips lightly and slipping in just a little tongue before pressing their foreheads together gently, both of them grinning and drunker than they thought would be possible without passing out. Sherlock was dizzy with delight, nearly delirious as he looked into John's captivating eyes, his own becoming heavy with satisfaction. He shifted a little, moving his arm up to his chest to hold John's hand that was resting there lightly, his fingers running over a gold band. Suddenly, a thought flashed through his mind and his smile dropped. "John?"
Sherlock flailed a hand towards another part of the room. "Ah, but I picked it at random from the papers."
"John?" He whipped around to face Mary as she opened the door to the room he was standing in. "Are you okay?"
Sherlock nodded, moving his head strangely as if he didn't quite know what to do with it. "...Okay." He leaned forward woozily, bracing his upper arms on his legs and looking at the color of John's eyes, a little bit distracted. "And am I a man?"
John stood up, taking a step towards Sherlock while glaring. “I don’t know what kind of father you are because I didn’t even know you had a child until he jumped in front of a bullet for me at my own wedding! Just one more thing you never told me about!”
There were running bodies. Falling tables. Spilling candles. Burning flowers. Sherlock was panicking, searching.
He was carried somewhere where many people were sobbing. And he was laid down onto the floor where someone put pressure on two holes in his chest and stomach.
Sherlock turned back to look into John's dark blue eyes, his own filled with pain, regret, guilt, jealousy, and the overwhelming sense of humble sacrifice. But more than anything, he was happy. He was happy because John had found someone better to love. "It's time for you to become her husband, just as it always will be from now on."
John let a small smile tug at his lips, looking at Sherlock with admiration. "That brilliant, huh? Amazing and fantastic. Don't you think you're over selling it just a bit."
"Quiescent. Sweetheart." Sherlock flew back to reality to see Janine blushing and looking down between their bodies. "Control yourself."
"Okay." John sniggered a little, watching as Sherlock slumped back in his chair and then immediately popped up to lean forward again. "Am I the current king of England?"
John smoothed down the front of Sherlock's jacket with a satisfied grin. "Well, looks like it's time for us to go out now."
." John looked over his shoulder to watch his friend walk into the church, pulling the two kids over to Mrs. Hudson and talking with her quickly, pleased at the reaction. Fontaine recognized her, probably from Sherlock's funeral, giving the small lady a hug as she brushed the teen's blonde hair away from his bright blue-green eyes. Sherlock gave Mrs. Hudson a blinding smile, clapping Fontaine's shoulder and telling her something that made her jump in surprise and tear up, embracing him with pride and fussing over Fontaine while wiping away happy tears. He just looked prouder than ever, wrapping the three of them in a tight hug before slipping away and joining John at the entrance of the church, only to dodge past him and walk swiftly to the room John had just left. For the first time since Sherlock arrived, John noticed that the tall, lanky man was wearing jeans and a jumper, something he usually wouldn't be caught dead in, but he looked strangely more relaxed and happy than John had ever seen him. It was strange, something must have changed since the stag night.
"I was in a brief relationship with Sammy's mother back when she was Andrew instead of Andi. I volunteered to be a donor for her and her wife after her surgery went successfully and they still weren't pregnant."
She just shook her head slowly, taking a few deep breaths and stepping away to fall onto the couch heavily. "So, you came to me. You came to me in the middle of the night because you had gotten into trouble for ra-
Sherlock took a long breath, holding it for a few seconds while he closed his eyes, gathering his thoughts. He had to calm down, he had to think clearly. What did he know about what happened? They were both drunk and the only reason he remembered anything was because of his Mind Palace, so John would most likely not recall anything from the night before. That was… good to a degree. If John didn't remember, then he could set something up that was believable so that John would never have to find out about any of it. John would never know. If he could just lie about what happened good enough, then nothing would change and Sherlock would be able to keep his best friend. He looked down at the floor, determined to lie so well that there would be nothing to question. Sherlock needed to lie so well that he could trick
John shot up in his seat. “Um, yeah. Yeah, sure. I’ll definitely do it. Yes.” He paused, licking his lips. “What was the question?”
Sherlock slowly slipped his arm out from under John as not to wake him, moving off of the bed inch by inch, gently. When he finally was able to stand up, he looked back down to the peaceful face of John, guilt settling hard in the pit of his stomach. He had done something horribly wrong and it terrified him immensely as he tiptoed out of the room and slipped out the door, grabbing his pants from the floor before closing the door behind him. Slipping them on, he ran into the bathroom quickly, locking the door and falling heavily next to the toilet, heaving while tears burned his eyes. There would never be forgiveness for what he had done. John would know. John would be mad. John would
Sherlock shrugged. "I don't know. Two days at best, could be a month or so. If that happens, I'll find a place."
"I'm not totally sure about the things I feel for you, but I think I've loved you since the Study in Pink."
Sherlock released Greg's hand with a knowing smile to himself as he walked to the kitchen, leaving Greg to mouth 'He remembered my name?' to John silently. Sherlock popped the cork on a new bottle of champagne and walked back across the room with the bottle and a glass, kneeling down beside the coffee table to pour.
John grinned, blushing and pressing another soft kiss to Sherlock's mouth. "I love you too Sherlock." He licked his lips before kissing the detective again. "I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you. I love you."
Leaning back, John nodded, taking a sip of his cold tea before cringing and setting it down. "So, a good place. Like what… kind? Of a good place, I mean."
John nodded, turning bright red and twisting his ring around his finger. "Yes. I'm sorry. I guess I didn't know I was doing that." He cleared his throat and dipped his head to stare at the floor again. "So, you're going to marry her."
Sherlock hopped from step to step after John, counting each step that he bounced down. “I don’t even know what that’s supposed to mean. I was the first consulting detective and now I’ve retired. There's nothing I could really do now.”
Sherlock shrugged, his back facing John as he buttoned his dress shirt, standing in his underwear. "It has been three years three months three days. Exactly."
Sherlock was begging himself to push through the running bodies faster, he had to find the voice. He had to find the screaming boy. He had to find his son.
Mrs. Hudson sighed, stepping towards Sherlock slowly and rubbing his back. “Dear, you can’t get rid of me that easily. You have been living here for years and I know how to deal with your little outbursts, even when I act as if I don’t. Now tell me, what happened?”
Mycroft left a large pause again and Sherlock sighed, arranging his hair in front of the mirror while Mycroft let his brain trail off. "It's complicated." Sherlock scoffed and he could practically feel Mycroft's scowl through the phone. "Alright. He said yes, but doesn't want to have any type of thoughts about a wedding for another few years at least. He said it was because we have only been serious for a year and wants some time to sort out his life before letting someone that close again."
Sherlock played the song slowly until hearing a door open behind him, causing him to stop and put down the violin. "Hello John."
Fiddling with his ring, John looked down to the ground, shrugging again while avoiding eye contact. “Well, you never used to agree to go to… dinner.”
Sherlock took a deep breath one last time before unlocking the bathroom door and creeping back into his room, grabbing all of the clothing off the floor and swiping a clean suit from his closet. Slipping into the living room, he gathered all of John's clothes and brought them to the bathroom, dumping them unceremoniously onto the floor. He took a quick shower to both get clean and plant evidence, using John's shampoo to leave a faint smell of it in the bathroom. He dried off a little with a towel, leaving puddles on the floor before carefully walking out of the bathroom and into his room, being careful to leave wet footprints all the way to the bed where he dropped the towel, stepping carefully backwards in the exact spaces until he reached the bathroom again. His feet weren't the same size as John's, but it would have to stay that way as he pulled on clean clothes and quietly rushed into the living room again to erase any evidence of his being there while carrying the suit he wore the night before over his shoulder. He carefully removed slips of paper from the floor to return them to their box, taking the ones that they had used and slipping them into his pocket. Sherlock grabbed the almost empty glass of whiskey that rested on the floor by his chair, dumping it down the drain and cleaning the cup before replacing it in the cupboard exactly where it came from. He looked around the flat for signs that anything happened before pulling out a sheet of paper and a pen, needing to cover his tracks, so he wrote John a note. Sherlock looked at the clock quickly to see that it was almost 3:30. He couldn't do anything about the evidence on the bed without waking John up, but he could only hope John assumed something that wouldn't include Sherlock.
Unfolding his legs, John shifted forward until he was sitting on the very edge of his seat, instantly starting to slide off and reaching out to brace himself with one hand on Sherlock’s right leg. He pushed himself back up onto his seat a little, the both of them then looking down at where his hand was. Sherlock watched as John slowly pulled it away, the heat leaving an imprint that nearly burned with the intensity of the missed contact, so he held both his hands out to help John the rest of the way up. His heart was pounding and he felt like he was on fire as he wrapped his hands around John's arms to push him up when he started slipping again. Sherlock couldn't help but feel the shape of John's arms under the rather ridiculously thin shirt as his biceps flexed a bit when he pushed himself back up on Sherlock's knees. He swallowed thickly, feeling a very unfamiliar heat growing in the pit of his stomach when John licked his lips, pulling the bottom lip into his mouth to bite at gently.
Molly sighed, rubbing her temples. "Uhhhg. Sherlock, I don't want to be a part of this. Or at least, I don't want to know about your sex life despite the fact that you're my friend." She sighed, slumping in her seat and rubbing her eyes. "Alright, we deal with this thing later. Get some time to think and all that. Just go to sleep and we can talk about this sometime else if you still need to."
John frowned. "Damn it to hell." He hadn't wanted anyone to notice his absence for a while. Looking down at the phone that was now vibrating in his hand, he looked at the number to see that it was Detective Lestrade again. Deciding against his better judgement, John pressed the accept button and held the phone up to his ear. "Hello? John Watson speaking."
John groaned, the bloody face of Sherlock Holmes blurring and swaying, barely being registered as the watery voice making its way through the ringing in his ears. “Who’s up here? Did you see anyone?”
He smiled, about to open his mouth when the door swung open forcefully to reveal a tall woman with a messy ponytail down her back and a square jaw. "Where have you been? It has been over half of the night you have been gone for and the children have school tomorrow!" She frowned at Lucky who stood there smiling all sappy, her blush at the thick Russian accent an obvious sign of how smitten she was.
John cut him off. "Hey. Who in their right mind would ever want something 'normal' when they could get you? I certainly wouldn't."
Sherlock's cheeks went pink, but he grabbed John's arm gently before plucking a flower from the vase next to him to tuck it behind John's ear. "I think Mary will like it."
Mrs. Hudson stood in the doorway, watching as John left with a worried expression, stepping into the flat when John closed the front door. “Sherlock?”
Sherlock shrugged a little. "Weddings are… not really my thing." He looked uncomfortably down to the road below the window. "I tend to end up being blamed for ruining them." He looked across the room at her when he noticed the awkward silence he had caused. She smiled sadly as the door opened.
There was pain everywhere. His whole body hurt, listening to the sirens in the distance. There was a voice speaking right behind him.
Fontaine's eyes fluttered a bit as he stared up at Sherlock in fear. He was gasping, tears in his eyes, and he coughed wetly and blood leaked from his mouth. "Dad. Please."
John chuckled briefly, shaking his head. "Sherlock, just last month I caught you in your pants dancing in the kitchen to Mozart with a biscuit in your mouth and looking at a biology test filled out in bright pink glitter pen. There's nothing I haven't seen. Besides, if I have to go out there so do you."
Tom turned to meet Sherlock, who smiled down at Greg while walking past, then caught sight of Tom for the first time. He stopped dead and his eyes widened in surprise. Tom looked equally wide-eyed as Sherlock gave him the once-over from his feet upwards, his shock quickly turning into anger, the only evidence of the fact being the narrowing of his eyes.
John chuckled, shaking his head and pulling Sherlock into the cab after him. They talked the whole ride about the wedding and color schemes and music choices until they arrived at their destination. John had brought Sherlock to the pub he usually met Lestrade and Anderson at on the weekends, quickly introducing him to Matt who nearly had a heart attack when the detective plopped the two beakers onto the counter. They made it a few hours before getting too drunk to stay, much less stand up correctly, as more people bought them beers and shots. It was just like the first time John had come in with Greg, everyone offering their condolences and buying them drinks when they found out who the two of them were, but this time being in celebration. Sherlock quickly stopped John from drinking after a few rounds, recording every ounce of alcohol that John drank almost religiously and grabbing away every shot of something stronger before John could even touch it. That didn't mean that John wasn't given things to drink before Sherlock could intervene, just recording it with a disapproving look at whatever well wisher had shoved the drink into John's hands. Will quickly called them a cab laughing when Sherlock almost got into a fist fight with one of the regulars about the differences between pipe ash and cigarette, both of them drunk as skunks. The two men were taken to their cab, much more drunk than either of them were originally planning, stumbling out of the vehicle and into 221B to trip and fall on the stairs. John ended up half draped on Sherlock before Mrs. Hudson came around with a broom, shoving them up the stairs and telling them to go to sleep before they broke something.
"Hey." Sherlock smiled softly, looking into the blue eyes staring into his own. John brushed a soft kiss on his lips and he blushed bright red in response. "John?"
John smiled softly at Sherlock, moving his hand back over his mouth to try and hide the smile. "More than you would ever let yourself realize."
Sherlock glared. Why didn't John trust him anymore? Snatching the box away, he held it close to his chest. "No. It's the letters that remind me why I'm not overdosing right now in a cheap hotel room and leaving my empty husk for Mycroft to find in a dumpster." He hadn't meant to say that and immediately wished he had kept the little truth to himself when John's face turned pale. "I… didn't mean to say that… I… I'll… I'm going to go take a shower." Placing the box carefully onto his desk, Sherlock stepped away, throwing a glance over his shoulder as John stared at the floor, chillingly still. “Don’t go into my room.”
He shrugged, swallowing dryly before turning away from her and hiding under his arms. "Common signs. Increased appetite, change in taste perception, morning sickness."
Sherlock raised an eyebrow at John with a joking smirk. "Isn't this called kidnapping? It is highly illegal, John, and I would have thought better of you."
Tom smiled warmly. "It’s really nice to meet you all." He looked down at John, eyes widening just a little before holding out his hand. "Hi there."
“John, I can hear your blatant jealousy from here and I don’t understand why you are so upset about me dating Janine.”
Molly froze, the very air in the room feeling a few degrees colder. She slowly took a few steps forward towards the chair, the seconds it took feeling like hours. "What happened to you?"
Sherlock leaned into her touch, letting out a breath that he didn't know he was holding. He was letting himself one last moment of weakness. One last moment where he felt the feelings John had broken and thrown at his feet. “I used to be so collected. I gave myself to him in a wild leap of trust because I didn’t really know that the floor wasn’t going to give out under my feet, but I trusted him enough not to hurt me. At least, not on purpose. But he hurt me. He hurt me and I don’t know what I could possibly do, because if I can remember him, the only thing left is the pain.”
Sherlock smiled at her as she left, letting his smile drop when he turned to look at John. “The case I was on was about a man named Charles Agustus Magnussen. You most likely know him as a newspaper owner, but he is so much more than that. He is an incredibly dangerous man, using his power and wealth to gain information.” Sherlock walked over to the dining table, pulling his laptop out from under a mess of papers and opening it. “The more he acquires, the greater his wealth and power. I’m not exaggerating when I say that he knows the critical pressure point on every person of note or influence in the whole of the Western world and probably beyond. He is the Napoleon of blackmail and he has created an unassailable architecture of forbidden knowledge.” He pulled up a blueprint for a rather futuristic looking house, turning it to John with a flourish. “Its name… is Appledore.”
Sherlock looked over to his doctor who was cuddled up to his side with a sad smile. "You have a wedding ring. You're married."
Sherlock stepped forward a bit, fingers shaking as he reached out. "Those idiots searching my flat took it out and I don't want people looking inside."
"Nah!" She shook her head, holding up a finger in the air to stop him. "Nah. Nuh uh. No. Nope. Shut it before I hurt you. Ya don't get to do that with me Shezza. From all of that shite put in the papers about that Moriarty fella, I didn't bloody well know what to believe 'bout you, but it damn well fuckin hurt to hear you dead. Didn't get invited to the funeral or nuthin, but I still went." She grinned, swiping her tongue over her lip ring. "Right well fun one too. Got to deck a dozen or so blokes that tried to crash the party all sneaky like. Wore black and everything. Stood by a nice lass in a frock who looked all pretty."
She nodded, sniffing and letting go of him to wipe away her tears. “I know. I know Dear. Just make sure that it is what you really want.”
"It was not 'everyone's drunk husband' if it was just one man!" Sherlock slumped down in his seat with guilt weighing him down. "He was too drunk anyway. He won't remember any of it."
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, hugging her desperately. “It hurts so much. It hurts too much. I want it to disappear.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, picking up his violin and positioning it lightly under his chin. He pressed his fingers against the neck and placed the bow gently to the strings, pulling until a clear note was drawn out, moving his fingers in a soft sort of fluidity as a melody poured out. It was a smooth piece that he had played hundreds of times over the last seven months, first starting to compose it after the bomb incident when John had fallen asleep in his chair. The tune had come to him while watching the rise and fall of John's chest as the doctor steadily drifted to sleep in his chair, exhausted from the day. Sherlock had filled his brain with notes, letting them slip over him like water as he sat in his own chair watching John be alive. The tune had come and it wouldn't let go easily, so Sherlock just did what came naturally and picked up his violin, quietly as not to disturb John, and let the notes softly pour from his instrument. It transformed into a waltz slowly, the hauntingly beautiful melody floating along at a gentle pace into the flat as Sherlock took the realization from the train carriage and translated into music. He poured all of his emotions into that one song, putting a voice to all of the fear, hopelessness, sadness, and desperation that had been consuming him when John had come back. He put a voice to all of the feelings he didn't understand how to react to and just let them hang in the song like they belonged there because they did. Sherlock wrote it about John and the things he would never be able to say to the doctor out loud, but also accepted that nothing would ever happen between the two of them. Sherlock had woven heartbreak into the song, but also resigned acceptance and approval of Mary, deeming her to be an alright partner for John. The pain of playing with his broken hands was fitting, reminding him the next few days that unrequited love was unbecoming. Molly may or may not have scolded him mercilessly for the utter stupidity of playing the violin with burns when he came into St. Bart's the next day, the bandages on his hands soaked with blood, but it was nothing compared to Scotland Yard. Everything was different. Everyone had read the papers over the few fast paced weeks and saw the news, having found out that their favorite sociopath to make fun of actually had feelings. He was treated differently by everyone, almost as if he was delicate as sugar glass. Only Donovan treated him relatively the same, still calling him freak, even if it had become less of a taunt and just a habit as if she actually forgot his name and replaced it with whatever. Their work relationship had not improved, but there were less deliberate jabs and more respect than usual. Many people had become angry at her for still being a bitch, but gained Sherlock's grudging respect because she was a damn good cop and was only doing what she thought was best.
Sherlock tried to choke out words, but he failed, just tapping his chest lightly with a few fingers and coming away with blood. "Fuck." Slowly, he lowered himself to sit on the floor of the shower aided by Janine who turned off the water and grabbed a towel.
. He flinched away, falling to the ground and pushing himself away to make himself a smaller target. His arms came up above his head and his knees pressed painfully against his chest, leaning on the side of his chair so he could protect at least one side of his body from the pain. He didn’t know when he started crying, but he kept his tears hidden, unable to stop the shaking of his body. After a while without the pain coming, he peeked out from under his arm, cheeks wet and eyes red, to see John frozen a few feet away. “Leave.”
Sherlock took a deep breath, hating the feelings that John made him feel. He hated how John could hurt him over and over without caring and he hated being weak. Mycroft was right. Caring wasn’t an advantage. It was a weakness that Sherlock couldn’t live with anymore. “You need to leave. I can’t trust you anymore. I did the whole ‘feelings’ thing and I hate it. I gave you the weapons to kill me because I never believed you would use them, but you did and broke the fragile trust I decided to leave with you.” Sherlock stood up, wiping his eyes and facing John head on. For the first time since he met John, Sherlock deliberately used his height to intimidate someone smaller than him, causing John to shrink back in the same way Sherlock always did around him. “I should have learned my lesson in the bomb carriage and deleted you, but I was too stupid. I got
Sherlock walked over to the wardrobe mirror and pressed his phone between his ear and shoulder, buttoning his jacket over his purple shirt. It looked like a nice color on him, so he made a mental note to buy more clothing items in purple. "Oh, I’m sorry, brother dear, but you made a promise. There’s nothing I can do to help."
Sherlock looked down and stepped back, having become half hard. When he remembered that he was kissing Janine, it quickly wilted and he looked at it angrily. He should be able to control himself better. Shrugging and turning to give Janine some privacy to change, he walked over to the door, waiting before Janine grabbed his hand and walked out into the hall.
John chuckled, walking towards them politely. "I would prefer you refrain from eating the flowers outside. I don't think the people that own this place would like their bushes eaten."
Sherlock froze when light hit him and Molly gasped. She had pulled the cord to the lamp on the ceiling, illuminating the whole room with a bright light. Looking up silently and pleading with his eyes so she wouldn't be angry, he met her gaze and she slowly reached out to touch his cheek, her fingers lightly tipping his head to the side before delicately sliding over his jaw and pulse point where a few dark bruises were forming. She bit her lip lightly, unbuttoning the top of his shirt collar and pulling it back gently to reveal the indented marks of teeth and red patches surrounding even more purple bruising. She sucked in a deep breath and Sherlock closed his eyes in preparation for the slap he was sure to get, flinching away when she removed her hand from his neck. "Oh, god. Do you know who did it? Did you see their face?"
John looked over at the man to his left that had decided to come and accompany him on the edge of the hospital and he felt everything drain from his body. All of the fear and nervousness was gone as he looked at the man who was now letting the blood drip from his hair down into the streets below, the only thing filling up his body was the empty numbness that swallowed his every movement. He just wanted to let his legs buckle underneath him and feel the wind on his skin as he fell to come in contact with the horribly alluring pavement so that he could let go. "Greg?" The detective sucked in a deep breath at the sound of John's voice, but he didn't speak. "I don't know what I'm doing here. I don't feel anything. I'm not scared or in pain, I just want to let go like he did. Like Sherlock." John looked over to the man, dark curls soaked with the blood that ran down the sides of his face and neck, smiling the way he always had whenever they had gotten a particularly interesting case, but with no emotions hidden in the dead eyes that stared blankly in the direction of John. The color of his eyes still contained the wonderfully complicated shades and hues, but it was dull and faded, exactly the look John got when he saw the body of this man dead on the sidewalk over a month earlier. John let the phone drop from his ear a bit as he heard shouting on the other end, but it sounded worlds away in the moments he looked into the eyes of his grinning flatmate. "Sherlock, you're smiling at the wrong time again." John paused, his voice low. "How did it feel?"
. All he could see was John coming for him and suddenly he was twelve again, being held down on the ground by his wrists and ankles by kids much older than him, fists and feet pummeling him mercilessly. The hurtful words being flung at him and carved into his back with pocket knives. Emotionless. Monster. Worthless. Faggot. Machine.
Sherlock stood as well, escorting her to the living room door and pushed it open for her. "Have a fantastic day. Don't forget to call."
Sherlock turned white, the heat draining from his face and tears picking at his eyes. He thought Molly would be able to help, but apparently now he was going to get arrested. It turned out that he really had fucked up past the point of apologies this time. "Fuck. I'm sorry. I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to do it. I was drunk. It was an accident!"
Sherlock scowled before standing up and clutching his violin case to his side firmly so she didn't steal it. "Eloise Charlotte Barnes, I have no time for your ironically uncharacteristic homophobic jabs and I do believe we have a deal."
Sherlock took a few steps away, tears streaming down his face, people coming back into the reception hall. Greg was looking over John's shoulder in fear, so Sherlock took the opportunity, his wave of emotions quickly turning to fury directed at the bastard who shot his son. Looking over where Greg had left the camera man, Sherlock realized that he was gone. Grabbing a butter knife off the ground, he left the scene where people were cluttering around, trusting John to save his kid's life without question.
John nodded a bit. "Yes, you’re human." He put his glass down on the floor, slumping back in his seat.
Sherlock slipped from the bathroom and into his room to get dressed in his normal attire, tossing Janine her clothes that were dropped onto his bed with a smile. She padded over to him naked, kissing him gently as she buttoned his shirt slowly, wrapping her arms around his waist. He closed his eyes softly, concentrating on the lips kissing his, comparing them unconsciously to the only other lips he kissed, imaging them in front of him. Bringing his hands up and around their neck, he rested his elbows on their shoulders and kissed them leisurely, wanting the moment to last. Sherlock kissed their lips, diving deeper and licking their bottom lip to gain entrance because Sherlock wanted them. Wanted him. Wanted John. He pressed his hands against John's back, brushed his fingers against John's neck, kissed John's mouth. It was all John.
John felt his stomach drop through his feet, face draining of all color as he listened to the shuffling of Sherlock trying to cover the phone speaker. "Mommy's at work right now. You have to be quiet, I'm on the phone."
Molly nodded silently. "Okay. We'll call Greg Lestrade and get him to send someone down here that knows how to deal with this sort of thing."
Molly held up the hand she was holding with the man accompanying her. "This is Tom. Tom, this is everyone." John stared at her boyfriend, doing a quick double-take before looking across the room to where Sherlock was looking out of the window.
Sparing a quick glance back to the ledge sadly, John picked up his phone and tapped a few buttons as he glared at the man sitting by his jacket. "You're a bloody prat. You know that right? I would have thought that you of all people would have tried to stop me or something." He silently scolded himself for not ignoring the phone or at least turning it off so he wouldn't get phone calls. Looking at the time, quickly, 1:39 am, he pressed a button and the phone gave off a high pitched beep and the messages played.
John felt the grip tighten and the hand on his head come off to check something, blood automatically gushing from the area his head hit the cement below him until the hand was replaced. "You really are forever the doctor John. Not even bothering to think about your own concussion." The hand on his back moved away to John's coat, rolling it up a bit and gently trading the other hand for the rolled up coat, pressing it to his head and tying the sleeves together in front. "Close your eyes." The voice was soft but strict so John did as he was told, too exhausted to do anything but obey and he felt the warmth on his body dissolve, almost as if it was just a ghost, dissolving into thin air, leaving John to lay there on the cement surrounded by the cold.
Lucky frowned. "You know, you don't have to pull sociopath on me. It gets dull and rather annoying."
John’s eyes were wide, the blue of his eyes clear and drowning in tears. “Your eyes were… because you were crying? Is this my fault?”
"Ah. Yes." Sherlock looked away, moving to the bathroom and dropped the blanket from his shoulders to peel away Molly's handiwork and step into the shower. He let the water run over his cuts, hissing in pain when the droplets touched the bullet hole suns. After a few moments, he had to lean over onto the wall to keep himself from falling over and alerting John to his pain. Hearing the door inch open, he looked over to see Janine peeking in and he smiled at her softly. "Hey there."
John huffed heavily, falling onto the couch with a glare because there was nowhere else. "Where did my chair go?" He stared at the empty space in the flat, frowning at the floor.
John only dimly felt the pain of a hand grabbing his jumper, nearly choking him to death as hands scrambled for something to hold that wouldn't rip, clawing desperately at his neck and shoulders for something to hold as he hung off the side of the hospital. The sharp fingers dug into the neck of his jumper, clawing their way down to his shoulders, scratching the skin of his neck as they pulled viciously at his clothes, begging for purchase on anything as the shirt started sliding up and John slid down. He only heard dim shouts, the rain becoming heavier and making everything harder to grab. "John! Please John grab my hands! Please! Stop it! Stop slipping! John! Please John! JOHN! JOHN PLEASE! GRAB MY HANDS! JOHN! JOHN! PLEASE DON'T DO THIS! JOHN! JOHN PLEASE!
Sherlock patted her back lightly. "If it makes you feel better about slapping him, he was cheating on you with three different men." John shot him a 'shut the hell up' look and Sherlock grimaced. "Not good?"
John nodded. "Yeah. It was." He paused for a moment. "We need two more seats next to Mrs. Hudson, one with a toddler seat on it."
John stiffened. Why had he brought this up? Well, he had to confront it as some time, why not right before his wedding while his best man was standing next to him half naked? "Well, when you… came back, Mary figured something out that surprised me a little."
John grinned, walking over to Sherlock and helping him into his vest, buttoning it up in front. "I swear that it's your fault I'm like this. You're too good of a person to make people believe you are horrible." Sherlock just shrugged and John grabbed his friend's suit jacket, helping him into it and pulling a cream colored tie over his curls. "Why don't you tell people? Why didn't you tell me?"
John leaned back a bit, taking off the piece of paper from Sherlock's head and showing him that it was his own name before leaning back in, the distance slowly closing as he smiled. "Yeah. Yeah I have a lot."
Sherlock sighed in relief. "If you could put them somewhere near Molly or Mrs. Hudson it would be great. Thank you John. I have to go. I'll see you in a bit, I'm pulling in right now."
John shook his head. "No. He's usually back by now. I'm sure he'll show up though. He… he promised." He bit his lip, shifting a little on his feet and looking to the floor. "He promised me."
Sherlock sighed, sipping again from his giant purple mom mug while deducing just how uncomfortable John was. "Janine has Swedish ancestors. Mångata is a Swedish for the reflection of moonlight against water. I thought that she would appreciate the… sentiment and symbolism behind it. Also it is a type of… pet name, as they say."
Sherlock glared at her, drawing himself up. "That is none of your business. Part of the deal was no questions."
Sherlock nodded quickly, looking up and down the alleyway before sliding out of his corner. "You should know me better than that. I always take care of myself." Silently walking away from her, Sherlock stepped over druggies sleeping on mattress and drunk men slouched against the brick walls of the narrow alley until he got back onto a main street twenty minutes later. He took the long way to avoid cameras, not willing to risk calling a cab, and made his way slowly over to the flat owned by Molly Hooper, the last piece of his puzzle. Talking to Molly wasn't necessary, but there was one question she could answer to ease his mind and any truth, even the bad kind, was better than an unanswerable question weighing unnecessarily in thoughts.
Lestrade grinned, raising his glass in a toast. "Well, I can’t wait." John, who had just put his jacket on, smiled round at him. Sherlock stood up and walked across towards the far window, putting down the glass he just poured, his stomach clenching painfully.
She smiled, ushering him through the door with his suitcase and grabbing Lucky's hand softly. "Not right now, but he would kill me if I didn't wake him up to see you." Sherlock grinned, looking outside one last time at the sign hanging on the fence before closing the door and walking quickly after the couple.
She grinned at him knowingly, kissing his temple and sitting on the edge of his chair. "You two boys better be behaving yourself in here."
Sherlock smiled softly at his landlady before moving over to Greg who was sitting in John’s chair, also holding a champagne glass, reaching out to shake hands. "If course, that isn't the only reason we came over, but it is easiest to discuss."
Sherlock turned a bit to look at John. "I said three years- JOHN!" He quickly pulled his jumper off the floor, covering his legs quickly, glaring a bit. "I said not to look!"
Sherlock had lived in the house for five and a half years when he first left home a few days before seventeen. He had just separated himself from his parents and brother after a particularly nasty argument about his drug usage, and having nowhere else to go, he decided to stay for some time. It had been in this very house where he met Sam, the forty three year old genderfluid parental figure that had walked him through realizing he liked men and the horrible withdrawal from cocaine that he undertook to stay. Drugs weren't allowed around the children and teenagers that came and went every few weeks, so he quit to keep his new home found with all temporary residents of Turing-Hart's, Sam, Lucky, and Andrew who transitioned later to Andi. Sherlock lived out of the House for years, bringing in teens he found while looking for work and children he found abandoned on the streets. At eighteen, he had brought in his favorite resident of Turing-Hart's when they were only three years old, immediately claiming the child as his own without anyone knowing. The toddler had his curls, though blonde, and his curiosity of the world, but the real reason was this child's eyes. They were the exact colors of his very own. It thrilled Sherlock to no extent that he would have the opportunity to be a good father to a child exactly like him, but after signing the adoption papers for little Noah Fontaine Timothy Holmes and having three years with his son, Sam got brain cancer. It had been completely unexpected and devastating, but Sherlock had never meant to fall back on old habits that forced him out of Turing-Hart's. Sherlock was left the House in Sam's will, but Lucky had to take over when he overdosed not even a week after Sam's funeral. The worst part though was losing Fontaine, his little boy. It was a hard hit that caused him to spiral uncontrollably into depression, picking up crime solving and forcing him to include Mycroft back into his life so he didn't die needlessly. After almost four years of sending his baby presents and letters and stories of his cases whenever he could without being allowed to see him, Sherlock overdosed again and Mycroft forced him into rehab. The two of them made a deal and after three long, awful months of staying clean, he was let out and could visit his baby boy. It was directly after that short visit when he first met John and his life finally picked back up again. He finally felt as if he had found home after years of searching.
“Love isn’t supposed to hurt this much. How can I love him when there is this much pain? How can I love him when he broke me so bad that I can no longer live with the memories of him?”
"Well, I might do just that." She kissed his lips lightly, wrapping her fingers into Sherlock's hand. "Maybe I want everyone to know I'm dating the cleverest on Earth." Sherlock smiled lightly into her mouth before she turned her head away from him to look at John. "Oh, don't tell Mary, it's supposed to be a surprise, but I'm sure we could have you over for dinner real soon."
Instead, he brought down the knife ruthlessly into the man's shoulder, causing him to scream louder every time Sherlock brought the knife down.
Sherlock shrugged again, pulling at his sleeves nervously in a way that John felt was rather strange, but left it alone to fix the tie. "Well, whenever I tell people, they treat me as if I don't know what I'm doing. I would rather be treated as an asshole with no emotions than a child unable to be trusted with a pair of scissors. And… I didn't want you to know because you were the only one who never believed that I was a fr-" Sherlock's mouth froze up a bit, unable to properly form the word he was trying to say.
Sherlock pushed his hips down again, moving a little up and down and causing John to grab him by the hair to press their lips together harder as he rubbed against Sherlock, desperately moaning for more friction. There was a moment where they had to stop as Sherlock pulled away John's shirt, but they were back on each other in moments, kissing and licking into each other's mouths. Their tongues fought furiously, pushing and turning with each movement of their hips pressing together. Sherlock pulled his hands down John's body softly to make his way down to John's trousers, popping the button and pulling down the zipper before John stopped his hands. "No. Not here."
Sherlock walked into the room quickly, trying to close the door before John could get in, but he slipped in right before the door slammed shut. John noticed that the second they were shut in the room together, Sherlock became stiff, tensing up and shuffling a few inches away. "What's wrong?"
Sherlock smiled pleasantly, covering his fury easily. "Remember the question we thought we would never find out about
Molly sighed. "Sex. You ended up having sex. What's wrong with that? Everyone has drunk sex at one point. It isn't rape."
Sherlock smiled at John sadly. "There's no such thing as heroes. Even if there was, I wouldn't be one. Not me John." He knew that he would never be a hero because heroes save people, but he would only ever be willing to save one person.
John paused flipping the box, holding it still and looking at it from a few different angles. "Why? What is it?”
John let his eyes flutter open heavily, tilting his fog filled head to the right to look at the man standing there, both of them listening to the sound of car doors slamming and desperate yelling down below in the street. Sherlock was standing near the edge, observing the commotion at the front door of the hospital as the heavy rain fell around them both, soaking the wilted figure of John and leaving Sherlock dry as expected. The wind rushed over the rooftop, pushing the back of Sherlock’s unbuttoned black trench coat around him like the billowing sail of a ship. Turning to face John with those dead eyes staring right through his soul, Sherlock stiffly made his way over to the doctor and crouched down over him, letting the blood coming from the side of his head drip onto John’s cheeks. “How very disappointing.”
"Okay, it was a man." Apparently he wasn't as good at keeping secrets as he had hoped. "Well, we talked for a bit as friends and he… trusted me. I swear, we were just supposed to stay that way, I didn't mean to kiss him, it just happened. We were both drunk out of our minds and I was just a little bit depressed and we were getting along so well that I ended up ruining everything. We ended up… having, um… you know…"
Sherlock laughed a little, passing John to finish counting his steps. “Of course. You’re my partner. Who else would it be?”
Finally, they busted through the door and John looked through his blurred vision to see Greg Lestrade running forward and grabbing his shoulders, shouting at him to keep his eyes open. Molly was quick to follow, swiftly placing her hand under John’s head to keep pressure on whatever was bleeding as John’s eyes rolled back into his head from the immense bain suddenly thundering through his brain. As he was hoisted up to his feet by a few people in scrubs, John felt the vomit in the back of his throat push up and out of his mouth, splattering onto the cement. When they reached the stairs the claw marks on his stomach, ribs, neck, and arms started throbbing, blood and rain soaking through his jumper that had slid back down to cover the desperate struggle of trying to haul someone limp and unhelpful back onto a roof they threw themselves off of. He felt his feet swept out from under him by Lestrade and a man in scrubs as he was hauled down the stairs where they were met someone with a gurney, quickly followed by Molly who rushed along taking his vitals and pressing the jacket against his head firmly to stem the flow of blood. John felt like passing out from the pain and no amount of people shouting at him not to was going to stop him. He was a bloody doctor for christ sake and no concussion was going to stop him from knowing how to treat one, but he wanted to sleep dammit and he certainly didn't care if he woke up or not, so he let himself pass out with the next wave of pain. The last thing he saw was Sherlock Holmes sitting on his legs with a blank look on his face, blood pouring from his hair in rivers flooding over his face and down his body to spill over the sides of the gurney.
John looked down at his feet, taking a deep breath to steady himself as the light breeze pushed at his back, rustling his hair softly, small pin pricks of water landing sharp on his cheeks. He looked through the darkness for anyone around as he searched the street far below him and bit his lip softly as he examined the soft yellow lights illuminating the road through the gentle misting of rain, eventually satisfied when he didn't find anyone out this late at night to witness his fall. John shuffled closer to the edge of the hospital, his bare toes hanging off of the edge and dangling stories above merciless concrete that was soon to meet him. He rubbed his arms as a wet chill threatened to seep into his bones and he swallowed stiffly, scared out of his mind. John's head was a whirlwind of thoughts and emotions as he closed his eyes against the sharp smelling rain and terrifying prospect of death, building up his last thoughts. It was a horrifying thing, death, but despite shaking in terror at the thought of never waking up, John wanted the pain of hitting the sidewalk and freedom of letting himself slip from his burdening body more than anything in the world. Everything in the past month had been numb, dull, pointless. He hadn't gotten out of his bed for two weeks after Sherlock, but even after that, he had just ended up curled up in his best friend's chair the whole day until he could move back to his bed. Now, John just wanted to join the man he cared about the most in the world, so his eyes snapped open and he took a deep breath, leaning forward to let himself fall.
Sherlock paused before taking another step to see if John was actually listening. “I’m dating Mary’s best friend.”
Janine stood up with a smile, placing yet another little kiss onto Sherlock's lips. "Well, I best be going."
Sherlock frowned. Had John just dumbed something down for him? Like he was a child? He wasn't sure, but that was the part that frustrated him. "What do you think John. I'm dating her and it is quite obvious that I don't often find people interesting enough to listen to, much less willingly spend time with."
Sherlock looked at him for a second in confusion, then snorted in laughter. He chuckled for a few moments, just grinning.
Sherlock turned slightly red, moving to the other side of the room to grab the suit hanging up. "Fine. Just… don't look."
Sherlock felt his stomach drop to his feet slowly, guilt taking its place. "I don't want any questions or weird comments okay? I just need to know what…
John slumped back in his seat. "You’re not really getting the hang of this game, are you, Sherlock?"
Putting down the pen, Sherlock read his note once before placing it delicately on John's chair to stand alone in the middle of the silent flat. He moved back to his own room, looking over the sleeping form of his friend and pressed a feather-light kiss to John's temple, having placed all of the evidence he could and finally preparing to leave. Sherlock walked through the flat, grabbing his violin, and padded silently down the stairs and out the door to cast one last look up at 221B Baker Street. "Goodbye John Watson."
The peony has become a major cultural tradition in some countries, while most people consider it unlucky or a sign of
She snorted. "And I heard you died. Anyways, you try growing up in Britain with an Irish mum and Austie-Brooklyn dad. See how formal like you talk then."
John shrugged lightly, starting to walk down the stairs and forcing Sherlock to follow. "There may not be heroes, but there are consulting detectives."
Sherlock turned away to spare Mrs. Hudson the tears already slipping down his cheeks and dropping off his chin. “I suggest you leave before I yell at you to get out as well.”
When he walked a decent way from Molly's flat, Sherlock called for a cab and rode in silence the whole way to the bar he had left mere hours earlier. He slipped inside, sitting down on one of the stools and waiting there for the ten minutes it took for Lucky to appear next to him wordlessly.
Sherlock grinned widely and stepped closer to John who looked back down at the fall that called to him, taking his hand lightly and intertwining their fingers. "Never. The thrill is unparalleled."
After what seemed like a lifetime, Sherlock dropped the knife, looking down at a mess of blood and bone chips, completely numb. He sat still as pain caught up to him because of the fading adrenaline, limply falling over off the mangled corpse.
Sherlock thought for a moment in silence, staring through the darkness. He could lie again, or he could ask the question that had been nagging at his brain since he left John asleep in his flat. She was a type of doctor and would probably know the answer. He decided to ask the question. "Molly. What are the umm… requirements…? Technicalities…? Signs…?" Sherlock sighed, unable to find the right word to ask his question. "What are… how… how do I know if I've just-"
"Are you...?" John cackled with laughter, leaning back in his chair and kicking his feet with the absurdity of the thought. "You know we don’t have a king?"
Janine giggled, pushing Sherlock's head away and making herself more comfortable on his lap. "Behave Sherl! I still need to know where you've been for the last few days."
Sherlock flipped on top of John, pushing his tongue forcefully into John's mouth and slipping between his legs. He bit at John's lips, making them red and swollen while he rocked up against John's hips, pressing himself down to create friction through the thin cloth of John's pants. Sherlock could feel the throbbing of blood swelling and rushing down to John's erection through his own, craving it desperately as a small wet spot formed where the tip of John's dick was straining dangerously against the fabric. Dragging his palm down John's body as he sucked on his tongue, sloppy and uncoordinated from the haze in his brain, he pinned down the hand trying to push him away and tugged down the waistband of the pants that were just in the bloody way. Sherlock yanked away the fabric, his hand automatically moving to the base of John's cock and pulling upwards, slow and firm while John whined pitifully into his mouth until he just let himself be taken. John moaned and gasped when Sherlock moved his hand, all of it muffled from his tongue exploring John's mouth religiously as John shook and thrusted into Sherlock's hand. He was desperate for the fast pace and heat Sherlock refused to give him with the lazy strokes, bringing his thumb over the slit to drag the precum down the length leisurely, making it so sluggish so he could feel John twitch and shudder with the desperate tenseness of his muscles. Sherlock slowly built speed, releasing John's mouth to kiss and suck at his neck delicately. Finding that it was too dry, Sherlock swiped the tip of John's dick, gathering precum on his first two fingers and brought it to his mouth, sucking them off and covering them with saliva, causing John's face to go bright red with arousal.
"John! Oh thank god." Lestrade sounded out of breath as if he had been running and he sighed with relief at the sound of John's voice. "Where are you? Why aren't you at your flat at this time of night? Are you alright? John?"
Tom smiled at him strangely. "Goodbye John." John still couldn't quite take in the similarity between him and Sherlock, so he headed out of the room, closing the door behind him.
John snapped to attention, tearing off his coat and rolling up his sleeves. "Back up." Sherlock set his child down, backing away a bit to give John room. "Mary. I need a nurse." Mary quickly knelt down in her white dress, staining the area around the knees with blood.
Time stopped. Greg body slammed the cameraman to the floor and Sherlock fell to his knees in a daze, slowly crawling over to the bleeding boy. "Fontaine?"
Molly dropped to her knees in front of him, gently resting her hands against his shoulders. "Hey, it's okay. What are you apologizing for? You have done nothing wrong."
Sherlock nodded silently, passing John without so much as a glance in his direction, too busy grinning at Fontaine. The teenager on the other hand was stunned when he saw John's face, tugging at the arm around his shoulders. "Oh my god. That was Doctor Watson.
"And you're in a relationship with a woman." John had long since abandoned his tea, just holding it in his hands.
Both of them noticed the lack of ring on her finger as she breathed heavily, tears in her eyes. She looked up at Sherlock sadly as the door closed behind her. "You're a complete ass." She paused a moment, looking down at the ground before slowly leaning into Sherlock's chest, shaking. Sherlock gingerly wrapped his arms around her, rubbing her back comfortingly as she let out a few hiccuping sobs before taking a deep breath to calm herself. "Thank you. I almost married a gay man."
Mary laughed, patting the lace on her white dress. "I'm sure that it's fine just this once if we break the rules a bit." She looked around at the empty room, face immediately falling. "He isn't here? I thought he agreed to be the best man."
John shrugged, a fake smile plastered to his face. "Well he did have a case… said he didn't know how long it would take. I guess he's just caught up in the thrill of things again."
Sherlock nodded. "Yeah. I know." Slowly sitting up on his own, he grabbed the towel from her and held it against his chest while he stood up. "Help me cover this?"
Sherlock smiled. "You would? I'd say you're rather… clever too." John chuckled, causing Sherlock to grin and clap his hands a bit at being able to make John laugh. "Mmm, am I important?"
John smiled softly. "Being back. Being a hero again. You can't tell me you won't miss it in law school or playing the violin in Chicago."
John could hear the upset tone of voice when Lestrade next spoke. "Listen John, this isn't funny. We all care about you deeply and we would really miss you if you were gone. Molly's almost there so hang on a little bit longer, just don't do it. Please John, don't jump."
Lestrade grunted in disbelief and John heard a ding on the other end of the phone alerting Lestrade to a text message that the man inhaled sharply at. "Yeah, sure thing John. Stay right there, we're coming to pick you up so just don't move a muscle. Seriously, I mean it John, don't move from the spot you're standing in right now. Don't move."
John nodded a bit. "Yeah. Just traffic." His eyes filled with tears and he quickly wiped them away. "What if he's gone? Mary, what if he's stuck somewhere? What if he's dead? Did he run away? Why would he do that?"
He closed his eyes, taking a few deep breaths because he knew his heart was beating fast. Not because of Janine, no, but because his chest felt like it was going to implode due to the insane amount of pain he was going through. He was breathing heavily and his breath hitched whenever she touched his arms. Attempting to keep the movement of his chest to a minimum so he didn't start bleeding again, he let Janine kiss him wherever she wanted despite how uncomfortable he was. When she tried to go further down, Sherlock stopped her. "No. No. It hurts too much." His eyes rolled back in his head and legs gave out as his head felt like it was spinning out of control.
Sherlock just shook his head, letting go of John's biceps to lean back in his seat, raising his glass and shrugging to indicate that he wasn't bothered by the moment. He let the moment slide away into silence, both men taking a few sips from their respective drinks.
Lucky bent over a bit to peek through the window, tapping on the glass as he zoned out. "Oi. Schezza. Holmes. Sherlock. William Holmes!" Sherlock jumped a bit, looking up at her before quickly exiting the cab to let it drive away. She smiled a little, handing the suitcase over to him to march up the steps of the small white house sporting a rainbow covered door. "Home sweet home. Ain't it?"
John blinked a couple times, the swaying and blurring lines getting worse. Had the person dragging him from the roof just been his imagination or had there actually been a stranger working in the hospital that had desperately tried to save him despite not knowing who the hell would climb onto a hospital roof in the middle of the night. John felt his brain being stabbed by loud noises behind him as someone tried to get through the flimsy metal door leading to the roof. Closing his eyes for a few moments, he fought to stay conscious through the waves inside his brain.
"Someone with an old, soft spoken soul." Sherlock looked discreetly over to John as he sipped his tea quietly, the gears turning in his brain so obviously that Sherlock could practically hear them.
Sherlock uncovered the speaker that was only slightly muffled the whole time. "Sorry about that. I just need to know if there are two extra seats, one with a toddler seat thing and just one normal one."
But then again, nobody was prepared for the speech that Sherlock gave that drove his audience to tears.
Sherlock pointed at John, a glass of whiskey in his hand as he burped a bit, drunk to the point where everything was buzzing. "You, or the thing?"
Fontaine shrugged. "Lucky's at work and Andi sprained her ankle stepping on a toy so she needed help watching Sammy." He smiled up at Sherlock in obvious admiration, stars in his eyes. "I was coming anyway because I finally get to go home when this is over."
Sherlock let out a shaking gasp when he felt John's mouth touch his painful erection, the feeling having surprised him while sending heat through his body, shocking him into momentary sobriety. His face turned red and his eyes widened when he heard the moans passing his own lips, clapping a hand over his mouth in an attempt to stifle the noises, but failing when John sank his head down and Sherlock let out a cry of pure bliss. He grasped desperately at the sheets of his bed, letting out whimpers every time John bobbed his head or moved his tongue. Sherlock felt his whole body tense up and whispered John's name a few times, half terrified, half drowned in euphoria and alcohol, completely at John's mercy. He was about ready to collapse when John stopped, Sherlock looking down to see him hovering a few inches away from where he previously was, a confused look on his face.
Sherlock watched the red creep up the back of John's neck, unable to see his face. "I will ask, yes." He watched John in silence until Janine entered the room with a sandwich, cheeks pink and smile on her lips.
Sherlock was buzzing from happiness as he pulled John's face down to kiss him again. "I… I… I do too." He couldn't quite say it, but that was okay. Everything in that moment was too good not to be. All he could do was smile and trail his hands up and down John's back, settling lightly on the large scar right under his shoulder and tracing the lines that created the man he loved most.
Sherlock was grinning unashamed when John placed a delicate kiss on his lips and pulled him to his feet before tipping him onto the bed and letting the door swing shut. John smiled, enraptured by the sight of Sherlock under him, and pressed their foreheads together gently just like the night in the bomb carriage. "Hey."
John looked up into Sherlock's eyes, pupils becoming slowly wider as he definitely noticed where the taller man's eyes were focused. "I don’t mind. If you want…"
Sherlock let his eyes flicker down John's body to watch the body language John was expressing in his uneasy movements. "Yes John. I thought that it was fairly obvious."
Sherlock nodded. "Alright. I will take my leave. Thank you for the hospitality." He stood up from the chair, turning to Molly and giving her a quick hug. "If Mycroft comes to talk to you, as he will, please tell him that I have taken a case in America. That is what I came to say in the first place." Taking a deep breath, he walked over to the door, turning back to Molly once and smiling softly. "Goodbye Molly, and thank you."
Sherlock smiled, chuckling a bit. "That sounds perfectly reasonable. After all brother, you have recently become a mess because of him." Before Mycroft could say anything, he ended the call and turned to John who approached along the corridor.
Lucky nodded solemnly, fishing out her keys to the door and searching through the unnecessary amount of extras she kept on her ring. "Brain cancer is a real bitch. Sam was the best."
John paused for a few moments, looking into Sherlock's bright eyes again. "Am I… pretty?" He pointed up to the paper stuck to his head. "This."
? Well the answer is definitely YES with Tom." Sherlock popped back out the door, shutting it behind him and waiting a few seconds for Molly to understand. John was silent for those few seconds, no noise coming from the flat. Then, a loud slap was heard from inside, causing both John and Sherlock to wince as Molly stomped towards the door and threw it open.
Sherlock huffed. “It was me John. I have been the only person up here since you left the bloody flat.”
“Oh, I don’t know. Maybe because you only met Janine two months ago at a wedding where you lost your son and you’re trying to replace something by marrying a
Lestrade seemed to have lost his patience as his voice became sharp and clipped. "I may be a detective John, but I'm not some sort of genius. It doesn't take any Sherlock type deductions to figure out what's going on. Also you should really just back away from the edge okay? Just back away and sit down. Please."
friend, and leaned forward. "Am I allowed one last question?" He leaned closer, heart thudding behind his ribs in suspense, brain flooding with heat and want. It was thrilling to watch every centimeter that John moved closer, both of them leaning towards each other until there was only a little bit of space between them.
Sherlock nodded softly, not moving his arms away from his head, but he pulled at his hair less. "We got drunk. Very, very drunk. It was… after the stag night with John. There was this… woman."
Sherlock shrugged before turning around. "It's quite simple if you listen close enough." He moved towards the kitchen to quickly grab two beakers before heading to the door, taking the coat as he was offered, and smiled at John as they walked down the stairs together. "Where are we headed first?"
Sherlock put him down, crouching down to his level. "We don't do experiments at weddings. I'll let you taste them later when I make sure they aren't poisonous."
Molly looked back and forth between the two of them, confused but still smiling. "Law school? Chicago? Sherlock?" She spent a few moments just staring before accepting that she had accidentally become a third wheel. "I have to go to sort some things out. Bye." She slipped down the stairs silently, looking back up briefly with a knowing smile.
"He doesn't know yet about the pregnancy. I only found out myself a few days ago." Sherlock fiddled with his hair a bit, still covering his head with his arms, and looked over to Molly pitifully. "I don't know if I'll ever be able to face him again. I'm scared Molly."
Sherlock raised his head again, squinting at John like an old man and leaning forward in his seat. "No, you’re not a vegetable."
Fontaine was breathing heavily, sobbing. "I had to. I didn't kn-know what else to d-do." His lip trembled as his hands clawed at Sherlock's suit desperately. Sherlock pressed a hand firmly to Fontaine's stomach where blood was leaking out, his eyes wide as tears splashed onto his hand. "Please. Dad. I don't wan- I don't wanna die. Please. Please."
"What do you mean? Sherlock, you aren't going to go to jail, we need to find the person who… oh… oh god." Molly let her hands fall away from Sherlock's shoulders slowly as she stood back up, her voice dropping to a dangerous whisper. "Sometimes I really wish I was stupid as you thought I was when we first met."
Sherlock shrugged, raising his eyes towards his own paper. "So I am a human, I’m not as tall as people think I am." He sat back in the chair, pushing a hand through his hair. "I’m- I’m nice-ish." He noticed immediately when John stretched out his socked feet and propped them against the front of Sherlock’s chair next to his own legs. "Well, erm… I'm clever, important to you, important to some people, but I tend to rub them up the wrong way." He paused for a few moments before laughing with delight. "Got it."
Sending John running to tackle him. Causing Sherlock to sprint after him into the running crowd immediately.
Sherlock was numb, not noticing as silence fell around him, Mary coming up behind him and John rigid in absolute horror, staring at the boy. Sherlock gingerly pulled his bleeding son onto his lap, tears welling up in his eyes. "Why. Why did you do it. Why are you leaving me? You don't deserve to die."
They walked hand in hand into the kitchen where there was a pot of coffee sitting on the table, two mugs poured and waiting. "Oh. That's right. I asked John to make some coffee." She smiled handing Sherlock one of the mugs that just had plain black coffee, but he shook his head, grabbing the purple mug on the table. Smiling, he took a sip of the coffee that was practically just half sugar and milk, and made his way into the sitting room. Janine stayed in the kitchen behind him, rummaging around in the refrigerator. "Quiescent, I'm going to make you something to eat and then go to work. Okay?"
He was vaguely aware that there were holes in his body from a gun, but his vision went fuzzy as arms held him, pressing down hard on his chest and dozens of hands carrying him in silence.
John would have never cheated under any circumstances in any normal situation, but he had trusted Sherlock and let his guard down to the point where mistakes were made. They were both drunk, so their judgement was impaired, but Sherlock was immediately responsible for initiating the physical contact in the first place. Sherlock had taken advantage of John's trust. He had used John's nature against him. What kind of person did that?
Sherlock sat down in his seat, sipping his warm drink. "Of course Mångata. I would never want you to be late because of me." He leaned back in his chair, glancing over to the strange looks John was shooting him. "What is it John, I know you want to ask something."
"Ah. I should have known." She smiled, brushing her finger down his jaw. "I'm the only one who knows what you are really like, remember?"
Sherlock groaned, letting his forehead drop to his knees and covered his head with his hands. "I'm sorry. This sounds really bad and I know what you're probably thinking, but we were both really dr-"
Sherlock scowled, slamming his computer back onto the table. “I can keep my own secrets John. I’m sick of people trying to split open my head to rifle through all of my private information. Sometimes, I don’t want to be subjected to all the goldfish analyzing my words and actions to pounce on one mistake to call me a freak!”
Sherlock scoffed, turning away from John to hide his smile and licking his lips before turning back. “A bloody idiot is what you are John Watson. A bloody idiot.” He swiped his hands through his hair, laughing a bit before looking John in the eye with a small smile. “You keep me right John. You always keep me right.”
Mrs. Hudson grabbed his hands, squeezing them tight before leaving the room, sobbing silently into a handkerchief.
Mary frowned, coming into the room and placing her hand on his arm gently. "I'm sure he's alright. I bet it's just traffic."
He approached her with a grin as she stood up, holding out her arms. "Sherlock! Thank you again for allowing us all over." She gave him a quick peck on the cheek as he embraced her gently. "Mrs. Hudson and I were just discussing how to announce the engagement between John and I to the press. After news got around that you came back and John was immediately engaged, your wedding became the topic of papers all over the world."
Andi's eyes lit up as she smiled, quickly wrapping her arms around Sherlock's torso in a strong embrace. "Locksie! I never expected you to come back here. I was so worried about you." She suddenly scowled a bit, flicking him lightly on the forehead. "That's for making us all worry about your death." She flicked him again in the same spot. "And that's for not coming to us when you got back to London." She slapped him against the cheek firmly, but not painfully. "That's for making us dress up five different sobbing children in black to go to your funeral halfway across the damn city." She hugged him again, placing a kiss onto his head. "That's for coming back home."
Molly opened the door with a sigh, looking out into the room where she could see the outline of Sherlock in the dark. "Sherlock? Is that you?"
John stared with wide eyes and breathed heavily as Sherlock licked his fingers slowly, letting his mouth fall open with clear want when Sherlock reached down between their bodies again. Sherlock picked up at the pace he left at, causing John to moan and throw his head back, gasping and mumbling incoherent sentences, but clearly begging for something. Begging for more. Begging for Sherlock. He could do nothing but oblige when he heard John gasp his name, pleading and grabbing his arms desperately panting. "Sherlock! Oh god- oh fuck. Please. Oh god please!"
Sherlock hugged Fontaine tightly, kissing his forehead and cradling his face. "You're my son. I would never let you go." He pressed their foreheads together before Fontaine's head fell back, eyes closing as he passed out from the pain. He took a deep, shaky breath, looking over at John who was still frozen. "Help him."
"You are thinking much too loud John. Just ask your bloody questions when they pop into your head so I am spared the moody looks of a teenager." Sherlock turned to look out the window, not meaning to sound rude, but he was uncomfortable around this John. Around this John, he had to be careful about everything he said, watching for the tell tale twitch of John's hands when he was about to throw a punch.
Sherlock reached to gently stroke John's cheek, guiding his face back up to look into his eyes. "John Watson, you keep me right."
John smiled, patting Sherlock on the shoulder. “Thank you.” He cleared his throat, stepping away a reasonable amount. “Umm, we should go.”
John was pacing back and forth, having accidentally crumpled the note clutched in his hand long ago. He was working a hole into the floor, his nice dress shoes making a dull thump against the wooden boards as he waited, breathing heavily in a small panic. "Come on. Come on. Where are you?"
John nodded. "Yes. Of course. Dinner. That's… wonderful." Sherlock could hear from John's voice that it was the exact opposite of wonderful.
John sighed, picking up a shoebox off the floor and flipping it in his hands. "Well. That's… too bad. I guess."
Sherlock sighed. "I look perfectly fine from the front. Nobody knows about them except for Mary. And Mycroft. And Molly. And Lucky. An-"
John stopped at the bottom of the steps, causing Sherlock to pause a few up. “You said first. Are there more?”
John shuffled nervously, leaning against the wall by the fireplace and thinking a bit before speaking, drinking a cup of tea he had made for himself. "Mångata? Quiescent? What is all that?"
Sherlock felt the light brush of lips against his own and the heat on the pit of his stomach exploded. His heart was racing from one simple touch, not even a proper kiss, but he wanted more. Closing his eyes and pressing harder, Sherlock felt his lips connect with John's again, this time deeper and more meaningful. The heat quickly filled the space between them as he moved to push John back in his chair, climbing lightly on top and straddling his friend's hips. The feelings racing through his body were exhilarating to say the least as his hands instinctively moved to John's chest when he slipped his hand up the side of Sherlock's body and to the side of his neck. Sherlock felt around John's mouth with his own, dizzy with the pleasure radiating from every pore as he peppered the hot kisses against John's mouth and jaw, the feeling of soft skin under his mouth brilliant. John's taste was amazing to the detective, from the rough line of John's jaw covered in the smallest amount of stubble to the soft skin of his neck that Sherlock immediately took into his mouth, sucking on it and causing John to moan, pulling on Sherlock's hair. The noises Sherlock could force John to make were limitless as he pushed down with his hips to rub up against John who was already hard, causing him to let out a strangled gasp and throw his head back. Sherlock teased the skin of John's neck lightly with his tongue, licking a line from his collar bone, over his adams apple, and up the underside of his jaw, Sherlock just barely able to restrain himself from sinking his teeth down and creating giant purple bruises. There was so much he could do to take John completely apart, moving back up to John's mouth and biting his bottom lip lightly in between open mouthed panting and kissing his lips again. Sherlock let his tongue wander around John's mouth to experiment and learn each little thing that would make John shiver lightly and which ones would make John tremble to pieces, the wet lips moving against his own almost as needy for more.
John put his hand over the cover, watching the tremor of Sherlock's hands that were poking out from under the blanket. "Is this where you keep your drugs? In a shoebox?"
Sherlock grinned brightly. "It was amazing John. I finally felt free as I fell, completely brilliant. It was as if I had just solved the case of the century, finally figuring it out after a lifetime of questions." He took a large breath, leaning forward as if to fall off the building again. "The feeling of hitting the pavement is fantastic John, just pure pleasure."
"Oh. Yeah. Of course you don't know what I'm saying." John rubbed the back of his neck, taking a deep breath. "Are you… in love with her?"
Outside on the landing, John walked over to Sherlock, who was looping his scarf around his neck angrily. John pointed back towards the door, lowering his voice. "What do you think?"
Sherlock nodded, letting her take him by the elbow back out of the bar and through the night to slide into the back of a cab. He watched the passing scenery as they drove past buildings and trees and parks, arriving on the other side of the city. When the vehicle stopped, Lucky stepped out quickly and pulled the large suitcase Sherlock hadn't noticed from the back seat, tugging it around the car and knocking on his door to get his attention.
Sherlock strains to listen. The child’s voice is coming through the door. It’s at once familiar and new. An ornate, iron door knob on a heavy wood door that he knows would shine in a high gloss by the light of day. As it is now, the brass sconces along the wall are turned off, and the door is shrouded in shadow.
John snorts and covers his mouth. His eyes meet Sherlock’s. “I don’t want to talk about it ever again.”
After dinner and Rosie’s bedtime routine, Mary opted to watch her programmes in the bedroom with a glass of wine. John stayed on the sofa in the lounge with a beer in one hand, his cell phone in the other. He'd shoved the embroidered pillows to the side. Beige carpeted the floor. The furniture was sort of bland and the walls were painted white. It was all so plain, like living in a bowl of bread dough. He'd sometimes thought of suggesting to Mary that they use a patterned wallpaper, or put hardwood flooring down and purchase a lovely old persian rug for the floor. The most exciting room in the house was Rosie's, with its painted night sky and army of stuffed animals, but he couldn't very well tell Mary that. The feeling persisted that part of Mary's bland choices had to do with her current disguise as Mary Watson née Morstan. It wasn't something he liked to dwell on, so he texted Sherlock.
“Then, I see it in her room. My parents’ room, I mean. And I ask her - why on earth is she keeping the thing in her room? And she says it’s special to my father - he asked her to keep it down where he could see it.”
Viola’s eyes are hot and wet. She rubs out the cigarette on the bottom of her sandal and tosses it into a flower pot of dead geraniums. “Yeah. And isn’t that bugger-all, too.”
What did it matter, though? John’s first impression on the man had been a fiasco, and then the way William’d cut right through to the marrow of John’s worst time of his life? The whole thing was a bust.
So much grey in this place. Like the inside of a jail cell. Which also gave John panicky, fluttery palpitations, even all these years later.
Something rolled low in John’s belly as that bit of lust flared to life again. Nerves skittered across his skin, but he wanted this, wanted this more than anything he’d wanted in a while. That tiny lump of panic was gone now, like a lump of sugar dissolved in warm water. “My room.”
“I apologise. I didn’t want to destroy us. Sometimes, I thought I observed in you an attraction. I could never - I could never parse the data. I’m sorry if it’s unwanted -”
I didn’t even understand what was going on at first. I kept asking where’s my wife? What happened to her? Did something happen to her? They kept barreling me with these awful questions. Terrible accusations. Started showing me photos of bodies—”
He stared at the floor though his jaw ached and the beginnings of a headache poked in from one temple. The vise that had been tightening his chest squeezed and he was desperate to breathe, to exhale, to let it all out. “You leave me out of things because you like to prove that you’re clever. And - with Mary, you… You did it again. You and Mary with your stupid jokes. I was just some dog. Except I didn’t bite you.”
Sherlock stared at the book in John’s hands. John watched him as his eyes moved from the book to John.
Almost as quickly, William shifted beside him, suddenly affecting a brilliant smile and bright eyes. “Hello, goodness, you do need to tell me who your surgeon is.” His reserved demeanor had flipped to one of vibrant interest in Peter. It rattled John, but also snagged his curiosity.
Sherlock takes pity on him. “I understand. Sentiment is your lot, John, not mine,” he says. “I’ll try not to judge you for it.” He picks up his pencil and continues taking notes.
A doll stands there - not John’s doll. This one has dark hair that curls at the end. When she lifts her face to look at Sherlock, her pale glass eyes gleam in the low light of the hallway. In her little white hands are a matchbook and a match. The scratching was the rough scrape of match-head to striker.
William kissed the side of his head. “It’s fine.” John could feel the rumble of William's voice in his chest. He lifted himself off and sank onto the sofa, scrubbing his hands over his face.
Sherlock stood there, watching John with an uncertain-seeming smile. John smiled back. Waved. Sherlock’s smile became more sure, lifted into his eyes. It was a beautiful sight that made John forget to breathe for just a moment. He turned and started down the street toward the tube station, his chest filling with warmth.
“And now I’m practically forty,” Sherlock said and struck the bow over the strings for a single note. “John has made sure of it, despite my efforts to the contrary.” He smiled at John in a way that made John feel grateful.
Telling Molly had been harder. She’d claimed in a bright, too-cheerful voice that she was ‘happy’ for John. John started to apologize, but Molly waved him away. “I just wish he’d said he was gay, that’s all. It’s just a silly crush. Now I know. And I’m
“I only wanted you to know. I regret that I rushed us, and I regret that I didn’t let you go when I should have.”
“John, you lived in a condo the size of a single car garage. How can you have so many things that you’d possibly need my help?” William sat in his chair by the fireplace, his long, slender legs stretched across the floor, and his feet bare. He held one of John’s medical textbooks open, nose in. An open can of Red Bull sat on the side table.
John frowned. He hated to think Woody was hurt by his…’moving on’ with William. He pictured it for a moment—what would have happened if he moved clear across the country? To California? Walking alongside the much taller, square-jawed and blue-eyed Woody? Was his real name even anything like Woody? Despite their years of correspondence, John refused to ever hand out his first name, and never asked Woody for his.
William’s smile dazzled in the lamplight. “Most excellent.” He stood. It was so abrupt, John snapped his chin up. “I look forward to it.”
Sherlock pretends not to notice. He’s sitting at the kitchen table, writing down notes on the decay rate of eyeballs dunked in water at varying levels of salinity.
John shakes his head and goes to the corner. He angles the chair so the doll faces the window more so than the bed. “Better?”
He gestured in the direction of the trash can, where the package lay like a ticking bomb. “And that should not have happened. She and I are ‘no contact.’ And, after all these years, I still get letters from her fans.” He’d finally trashed the stupid letter he received in Vermont. Retrieved it from his car floor and tossed it into a garbage can at a gas station. Usually he tucked these things into a file in case he needed to give a police report, but he couldn’t, just couldn’t start that up again. “I get emails. People find out who I am and then I get followed with harassment. That’s what it means to be me. And probably what it means to be with me, too. You should know that.”
. How Mike and Molly bailed him out, and he’d never been able to pay them back. How the grueling trial had him doubting his own innocence. And after they acquitted him, graffiti riddled his garage with slurs. A rock was thrown through his window, and assholes left a bag of burning shit on his front doorstep. His mother moved to another state with barely a word, at the time.
Somewhere at the back of his head, a thought forms: crows carry the dead to their next destination. It’s not that he gives much credit to myth, old or new, but this thought assails his mind as he watches the black shadow hop from one branch to another. A stack of comics lay near him, which his mother or his aunts will read from time to time.
“Easy for you to say,” he’d replied sharply. Then he bobbed his hand in the air again, touched his fingers to his face, and let them drop to the armrest. “Sorry, sorry.”
John halts. His hands clench into fists. His breathing is hard, angry, and his shoulders jerk with each breath. He regards Sherlock with a deep frown, his eyes hosting that dangerous glint that Sherlock has long avoided having directed at him. “What about him?”
“Great! The bar’s right over here.” She led him past the living space and around the corner to a dining nook. The table was oval with a hammered copper top. Copper-colored bistro-style chairs hemmed it in. They looked hard and unwelcoming. An archway framed the entrance to the kitchen, obscured by a wooden beaded curtain. That particular touch seemed very Molly.
“The lines Victor highlighted were not intended for me. Not in the way you think.” Sherlock licked his lips again, his voice a gentle rasp of gravel. “He left those words, and his note, because like you, he thinks I should be...romantically involved.”
to say it. And I shouldn’t have left you hanging like that. You told me months ago you love me, and I left you hanging because I was too scared. That wasn’t right.”
The blood left his face so quickly John thought he might fall over with the dizziness of it. Cold crawled across his neck, crept down his spine in a nervy shiver, formed a fist of ice in his gut.
Hamish’s buddies had helped. Together, they’d formed the Georgia Liberation Front, a small militia group that believed in the Coming Economic Collapse and the inevitability of a US civil war. Weekend drills and war games kept their instincts sharp and skills unparalleled in ground warfare. It was all John knew for a time; he’d grown up believing it was what all men did. Then he’d entered his teens, and Hamish Murray’s growing belligerence had shoved him away while the internet sprung up and John finally saw how other people lived.
“William! William Vernet, this is my old friend, John Watson.” John cringed when Mike used his full name.
“Yeah, what you call all this?” John gestures around the flat. It’s full of mementos Sherlock has picked up over time, and gifts from clients. Books, objects of scientific study, old electronics, and diverting bric-a-brac. “You borderline hoard. You’re one stuffed bat away from me calling Britain’s Biggest Hoarders.”
From one Watson to another. Sherlock wants to say, ‘You should call your sister,’ but he instead walks in and sits in his chair. John sits in the chair opposite him - the old, worn, floral-print chair that he’s come to think of as ‘John’s chair,’ and he leans forward, elbows to knees. He drags one hand over his mouth and then presses his hands together. “Listen, I want - I want to apologise. I...clearly I have some things I need to talk about with Ella.”
“Anyway, they had it in their room, in the corner on the chair.” He rubs at his hand, his eyes sliding to the middle distance. His face looks older. The lines deepen like grooves in the pavement. A chill settles in the air. “And it’s all I have left of them, of something they both adored. And I kinda hate that it’s a doll. I mean, what grown man keeps a doll in their bedroom? My dad could use my mom as an excuse. But at the end of the day, I don’t have an excuse, except that when I came back from Afghanistan...not long after I came back I realised it was the only thing I had left of them.”
“Yet, I feel within me now the appetites of wild beasts, the instincts of a love that is carnivorous, capable of tearing flesh to pieces. Is this love? Perhaps it is the opposite. Perhaps in my case, it’s the heart that is impotent.’” He paused. Closed the book slowly. “These are the words Gustave Flaubert wrote to Louise Colet. It was then I knew...I knew that this lingering sensation I’d been feeling since I came back...was love. It’s not always so...desperate, but when I let it out to indulge, the power of it can knock me senseless.”
“To old friends.” Molly offered her glass into the air. They echoed her toast, clinked their glasses together, and sipped their drinks. The taste was cloying, but overall refreshing. The mint had an uplifting effect, as if the nerves inside John’s nose awakened from slumber.
- and none too bright Craven ducked his head out the window, whereupon Joe tossed him out. Shut the window. Left for the shops. Came back to another neighbour having called in the body. Waited for the police to come. Figured he could say Craven hadn’t come into his flat. Nothing to make anyone think Craven’d been visiting Joe.
His knuckles hurt when he stopped. A flash of movement from the passenger window caught his attention.
“What? Men can’t talk about the L-word? You’re lucky Anita isn’t here. She’d drink you under the table and then make you spill the details in record time.”
“Fuck, fuck, fuck, oh god.” John’s litany of swears grew faster and breathier with the building of orgasm deep between his hips. “Slow down or I’ll come.”
Sherlock shoves his face into his pillow as John curls toward him, slinging one of his legs over Sherlock’s legs. His right hand strokes Sherlock’s back, smoothing over the dip of his spine and sliding up and over the slope of his shoulders.
William let out a sigh, loud but short. “John, perhaps you would...feel on better footing with this relationship if I were to share my past. Mike Stamford’s correct in that I don’t exactly date. I’ve been doing my best to be more social. It’s a program of improvement I’ve developed for myself. I—I didn’t expect to be dating this soon, however. That was to come later.”
Sherlock steps forward and reaches for him with his free hand. John stares at him in disbelief as their hands close around one another’s. “I - I don’t know what’s happening to me,” John says in a small voice.
“You’re actually a lazy person, aren’t you? Here I thought you were this motivated, bigshot international realtor go-getter, but the truth is you'd rather do as little as possible.”
Sherlock who was bigger than the day was long, who was a legend in his own right, to have feelings for John?
“Hello,” Sherlock says, inhaling the warm scent of cedar. Much more preferable to naphthalene. Perhaps he’ll get vacuum seal bags for some of his items for storage.
The dolls all lined up on their shelves, their little half-moon smirks and sightless eyes on him no matter how he moves across the room. He’s small again, and the moonlight pours through the tall window. The scratch of a match against the strip.
The singsong rhyme in the voice of a little girl floats through the air like a speck of dust, aimless and gossamer. Sherlock steps down the hall. Beneath his feet is a Persian rug, old and worn by years of use. Moonlight spills through the windows, creating long, tilted rectangles of blue-grey light along the floor. At the end of the hall is a door.
“You’re the sort who resorts to anger first as a coping mechanism. I imagine you’ve been in quite a few fistfights in your time.”
“Stop. Stop. I love you. I do. Woody is just a friend—and I haven't been a very good friend to him, and I feel bad about that, but look, I haven’t been very fair to you, either. And there should be no secrets between us. Maybe the biggest secret I’ve been carrying is that I do...I do love you.” John let his shoulders sag. “I should have said it sooner.”
“One day, while we were lending assistance, that sniper was picking off our guys. I was intent on getting him, so intent that I...I didn’t notice the second sniper. Victor leaned forward to whisper something to me and instead of feeling the blow of his breath, I was hit with his blood and his brains.”
John froze. He knew they’d find out at some point, that word would spread. He’d talked it over with Ella multiple times. With one hand in his hair and the other on his hip, he glanced back at Ned. “They say that, huh?”
“Okay, sure.” John chuckles. “Don’t think I was doing that either, but maybe I wasn’t paying attention.”
“Hey guys.” John waved to the motley group of regulars smoking on the sidewalk outside the shelter. Grizzled men with bright eyes and weathered faces, sharing a pack of smokes in the cool, grey dawn of a November day. With the backdrop of historic brick, it ought to have been a photo, a prosaic moment trapped in time that spoke to the intersection of social ills and the multifaceted people who tried to persevere despite them.
No answer. Sherlock leans up and rolls over to place a hand on John’s shoulder. He ignores the gaze of the doll as he gently presses John onto his back, head on his pillow. John goes as meekly as a sleeping child, except his eyes stare up at the ceiling. Sherlock pulls the covers over him. “John?”
John’s mouth went dry. A sense of weightlessness spun out of control below his lungs. He gripped his wine glass so hard it nearly shattered. “Mm. Um, who—who told you?”
“Ask me what I want. Tell me things. Don’t - don’t assume you know what’s best for me or what I want. I won’t put up with it anymore. Not from anyone. I can’t - it wasn’t right for you to treat me that way.”
John wiped his eyes. When William looked at him again, he said, “I can’t believe we’re laughing over you insulting my writing.”
John swallowed. “Can you understand that sometimes...sometimes it doesn’t scare me? Sometimes, it makes me feel powerful.” He licked his lips. “Sometimes, I’d think of beating the shit out of the people who made me feel small, who made me feel crazy, or harassed me after my acquittal. Sometimes, I thought of shooting them.” He thought of Ned, poor, broken Ned, whose fears and horrors still haunted him. “It wouldn’t be like killing for your country. Killing on someone’s say-so. It would be entirely selfish.”
“I could never be sure. You were distant, and at times angry, easy to trigger. I had thought, recently, that our situation required you to be here, and that you resented it. Resented me, as you were unable to go home and reconcile with Mary.”
“Uh, I think it went fine. Dr. Chowdhury is a little hard to read, but I think she liked my credentials.” He cleared his throat and pulled at his collar. He couldn’t help but take a furtive glance around to see if anyone was watching them. He’d left his gun in the car - he couldn’t bring it into a hospital. But why did his mind even go to the gun? Even if anyone recognized him, it wasn’t like one of Mary’s more dangerous, crazy fans would happen to be here in the lobby of the hospital. Right?
John stands in the center of the lounge, empty-handed. He seems relieved to see Sherlock - his hands press on his stomach and his lips part on a soft exhale. “Hi.” A smile is slow to cross his face. “Will you come in and sit?”
Sherlock snapped a glare at him and away. If he had a tail it would have twitched, and a line of fur it would have raised on end.
It was a Saturday in May, and he was about to move through the room as the official Program Director of the brand-new Valor VA Clinic & Shelter. He’d even rented a tux—something that used up the very last dregs of his savings.
He leans forward and holds out his hand. John takes it, and Sherlock hopes John doesn’t notice the slight tremble of his fingers.
He hadn't realized he'd fallen out of love with his wife. And he had no one to blame anymore but himself. Sometimes he still got angry at Sherlock. Sometimes he got angry at Mary. Overall, he was most angry with himself. It became a welcome feeling in the fog of numbness.
“And done some.” John held back a shiver. It wasn’t always a pleasant job, but it was a worthwhile one. If he could help some of these guys get whatever it was they needed, he would do good in the world. Make up for some of the bad. “It’s...it’s worth it.”
“Victor would have liked to revisit the past, in a physical sense. No, those words weren’t his declaration of love for me. They were a reminder to me. The whole book is a reminder to me. That even ‘great men’ can love, and still be considered great.”
“Listen, I’m sure Mike told you about my ex-wife,” he said, rubbing at the back of his neck. “It’s far behind me, and I don’t let it interfere with my work. If you hire me for the position, I will excel. I will make sure these men and women get the care they deserve.”
“Happy?” he said to his wife, who tutted him and looked back down at her knitting. “What is it? A scarf?”
What if he had taken that step? Showed up at Woody’s doorstep? Revealed his true identity? Would Woody have even accepted him?
“Well, okay. I...it’s not that I’m saying you are, it’s just there are certain—enthusiasts who like to be near the...weirdest shit like serial killing and raping.” He’d received plenty of those letters himself while he was in jail, and a couple after his acquittal. “And Mary has not contacted me, yet she knows my address. Mike says you don’t date, and yet you date me.”
Something has been bothering him. It’s not...it’s not that he doesn’t believe John. John sold the doll. The doll is no longer in the flat.
He used to be dazzled by Mary. She was clever, far more clever than him. She could argue circles around him which tied him into a fierce knot, but he forgave her. And himself. She, Sherlock, Sholto. They commanded attention. He ran after them like some loyal dog.
Yet John did. Especially at night, with the sleeping detective in the room below him. Thoughts of that dream he had of the two men together, of Sherlock reacting to Victor’s touch, of the noises he might make. Snatches of images and words. Sherlock could probably deduce exactly what anyone liked in bed. No wonder Victor seemed so desperate to have him back. The man was probably a god when it came to the bedroom.
“I'm well enough.” He sucked in his lower lip. "Not sure yet about the job." With nothing to follow that, it relieved him when Molly thrust a glass of light green liquid into his hand. It was full of ice and garnished with a sprig of mint.
Somehow they’re here now in John’s room of his Mind Palace. The skull. The case containing the bat and the insects. Facing the wall. Along with John’s jumpers and his gun.
and the old vulture’s eye trained on the entry of the man who intends to murder him. How the narrator turned the door handle so slowly the time on the clock had turned an hour by the time the narrator tipped their head inside the door.
He threw himself into his chair in front of his laptop to send a message to one of the few people he spoke to more regularly than his therapist. Woody81, or simply Woody, lived clear across the country in sunny California. They’d met in a chatroom for men seeking men years ago. Turned out, Woody was an avid reader and a hopeful writer. Occasionally, they jerked off together, but it’d turned into an online friendship.
“I’m so glad you came. Come in!” She grabbed his arm and pulled him inside. His eyes went wide to see her apartment. Gone were the days of second-hand furniture and cheap prints on the walls gathered from Goodwill. These walls were bright white with framed black and white photos of landscapes. The blacks were deep and dark, like the work of Ansel Adams, but these landscapes were more abstract—the suggestions of peaks and pines rather than the explicit depiction of them. Giant green plants of the jungle variety adorned corners in slate gray pots. Smaller ferns and colorful orchids graced shelves and window ledges. People milled about between a mustard yellow sofa and two Eames chairs upholstered with brown leather. A white shag rug covered the pale hardwood floor in front of a stone fireplace. It was, for lack of a better word, swanky. Modern.
It’d been years since tendrils of excitement like these had threaded his veins and lit his brain like sunshine over a flourishing garden. As this realization crossed his mind, it seized him with a stricken need to
John’s stomach turned with a sense of sticky fear. What could it be? What would William ask of him? That they date in secret? That they keep this no-strings attached sex? What could it possibly be? “Yeah?”
“And yeah, we have a history. We’d just—we’d let off steam together. But it’s not like that. Not anymore. He’s never even seen my face! And we haven’t done anything since I met you. There’s nothing that should upset you, I swear.” John grabbed both of his hands.
It made him angry, and sometimes that anger got the best of him, made him round in on himself like a stone shaped by a torrent of bullshit. But as his therapist liked to remind him, it’d been ten years since the devastation of his life. It was probably time.
William’s face transformed. His eyes were alight, like binary stars. “I love you.” John couldn’t be sure who moved first, but they rushed toward one another and slammed their lips together. They kissed again and again, and if John could, he’d have tucked them into bed and wrapped himself around William for a week.
“I - I know that you are someone who prefers romance, in order to feel complete,” Sherlock said. “Mary was...the one you chose. And there was the question of the child. I don’t believe Mary was dangerous to you or to Rosie. But to me… It made sense to give you what you indicated you wanted, and protect myself at the same time. Which meant I would stay alive to protect you. And your family.”
John never regretted their leaving. Never regretted changing their last name so Hamish couldn’t find them. That childhood escape had prepared him for his adult life. A life of revolving doors - shitty apartments and fake names. A bug-out bag in the trunk. Always looking over his shoulder. A gun tucked under his jacket.
Warmth spread across his chest, like lowering into a bath at the end of a long day. “Thanks, Mike. It’s really good to see you, too. And I’ll see you later.”
His lungs drew air with ease, as light and as expansive as the grey London sky in the time of spring.
When he was back in the quiet of his tiny cabin amidst the Vermont woods, William remained the star of his mental movie as John moved around, quietly unpacking his bag and flipping the kettle on. A ghost of William’s baritone curled around John’s eardrum. That muscular form moved before his eyes, stretching and folding the hang of expensive clothes. The memory of those blue eyes pierced him like a scalpel. He remembered the way William ducked his head, bashful, contrite, when John’s anger burst from him like a popped zit.
“And I imagine Victor was very sorry.” He pushed the words out as if his mouth was filled with cotton.
A paper bag on the kitchen table holds the guts and parts of Rose. The top is rolled shut. He’d started by cracking open the skull, carefully, with controlled breaks. Sliced the inside plugs with a fresh scalpel blade and pulled the wig from the cranium with the help of the dissecting needle and the steel tweezers. Untied the apron and removed the dress, shoes, and stockings. Popped and unhooked the shoulder and hip joints to separate the limbs from the body, laying them in a row. He had to fetch his own razor saw to split open the composite body - cold-compressed sawdust and glue. All the parts were hollow. He lay the clothes in the bottom of the bag, followed by the torso halves, the limbs, the bisque pieces of the head, the wig, and last, the two glass eyes.
William strode into the center of the living room and whirled around. “Is something wrong?” He seemed out of breath.
They hurry up the stairs, through the kitchen, and into the bedroom. It’s quick and primal, clothes thrown on the floor and Sherlock bent over the bed as John slicks himself up and slides in.
“How are things, Bonnie?” She seemed to measure him with sharp, blue eyes framed by steel grey curls.
John peered at Sherlock’s expression. He was bent over his phone, silhouetted by the window. Dressed impeccably in one of his suits, sans dressing gown. His hair was gelled and curled around the edges of his face like a painted cherub on the ceiling of some great chapel. The impenetrable visage was illuminated by the glow of his phone.
In his haze, Sherlock dives forward to lick the bit from his chin, and savour that particular flavour of John Watson.
“In the flesh.” He grinned. His heart beat wildly as somewhere in the back of his mind, an alarm bell rang—his tie to the author had been exposed. But William didn’t look gleeful over having discovered it; he looked chastened.
His hand lies just outside the white comforter. When she touches it, the chill of his skin sends a shiver down her spine. His lips move, his voice as soft as dead, dry leaves.
“Oh c’mon John, just one more hour. You haven’t met everyone.” Mike tried to hand him a fresh beer from the ice bucket.
John starts forward, but halts. That sudden stop in movement catches Sherlock’s attention. He looks up.
Anger moved through him like a river overrunning its banks, pushing mud and rocks and detritus into the forms and figures of living trees and bodies and sweeping away houses and livestock. He clenched one fist, relaxed it, moved both hands to the pockets of his jacket. Ran his tongue over his teeth.
His two years just outside of Rutland had been calm. No threats. No mysterious phone calls with maniacal, high-pitched laughter, or somehow worse, the unnerving cadence of a heavy breather. No typewritten notes, cut-and-pasted pages, or hand-scrawled letters of
He lowered his head. “The first time I had to shoot a child...Victor was there, of course. I—I think I’d cultivated an aloof persona so most people wouldn’t say two words to me. I could match anyone in hand-to-hand combat and a verbal spat was never in their best interest. Victor...Victor got under my skin in a whole other way. I found him attractive, but I didn’t think for a moment he’d find someone as abrasive and cavalier as I to be attractive.”
Pebbled nipples seemed to beg for attention. John captured one in his mouth, and sucked and swirled his tongue, drawing a long, strangled moan from William. He dragged his tongue across the stretch of skin from one nipple to the other, nibbling, biting down softly and relishing the reward of William’s whimpers. This tight, muscled body was all John’s for the night, and the thrill of that curled his toes.
The rest of the dinner passed in a haze of come-hither stares and softly uttered innuendos, checkered with William’s observations of other diners in the room and John’s entirely-too-loud giggles. They skipped the dessert menu. An Uber picked them up. They tumbled into bed with vigor, grasping and groping and frotting, each chasing their release until fantastic completion.
Mike chuckled as he pushed his glasses up with a finger. “I figure I’ll be out a week’s worth of baking, and honestly John, I could stand to lose a couple pounds.”
John had so many memories, so many stories. He had spent hours and hours with these wonderful people every week over several years. Working, studying, enjoying each other’s company, entirely ignorant of what Mary had been up to behind their backs.
“You were a child. They didn’t tell you because they wanted you to remember your grandmother for how she was, or some sentimental rot like that,” Sherlock says.
John let his hands slide from his face and clutched to the front of Sherlock’s tee-shirt. He buried his nose into the vee of the hollow of the man’s clavicle. The blocked passage of his throat began to ease. Exhale. Warmth. Inhale. Poncy body lotion. A man’s musk. Exhale.
Sherlock considers. “This is why you have such a problem with your sister’s drinking. Beyond the usual family concern and inconvenience.”
Was there something more to that statement? It was almost a compliment, but did he mean for merely the period of this quarantine, or was he making a general statement?
John rubs the back of his neck and rises from his crouch at the drawers. “Listen, I...I’m sorry, I know it’s weird. It’s just that...oh god. Well, there’s more to it than it just being a simple family heirloom.”
“Mycroft is funding a promising aspect of research into a vaccine. I’ll be going over their findings. Doing my part, I hope.”
“Oh Jesus,” John panted as he collapsed onto the mattress. William giggled and reached for the tissue box by the bed.
“It’s an inanimate object, Sherlock,” John says and Sherlock can see his smile from the corner of his eye. “Not real, right?” He chuckles and kisses Sherlock’s neck again.
Sherlock lies in a hospital bed. The bed sits beside the large picture window in his parents’ living room. The window frame is eggshell white and through the clear panes he can see the bird feeders. His binoculars, now too heavy for him to lift, gather dust on the sill. His father bought him a scope, but he can’t lift his hands enough anymore to move it. His mother or the hospice worker, Mrs Hudson, have to prop him up to look through it. So instead, he stares out the window, where the shadows of birds can be seen flitting about the feeders as he drifts in and out of a morphine-induced slumber.
“I’m thinking that’s William-speak for you’d like to tell me. But I haven’t told you everything. Just Mary.”
“Mike!” The surprise was pleasant, but John felt a little wrong-footed. “I wasn’t expecting to see you.”
“God, Sherlock, come here. I’m gonna come if you keep doing that,” John said, grabbing Sherlock’s shoulder. Sherlock slithered up the length of John’s body and captured his mouth with his. John reveled in the sensation of Sherlock’s cock next to his, separated only by a thin layer of cotton. “Take your bottoms off!” he said when they parted for air.
John’s face brightens like a small child promised an ice cream cone. His eyes light up like stars and a smile spreads across his face, one that you can see he’s trying to restrain, but the mirth spills from him in waves. Sherlock returns his smile and satisfaction glows in his chest when John’s hand flips over to grab his.
“You have me,” William murmured, his voice low and promising, setting fire to the match inside John. It flamed like a bonfire, danced down his spine in a ripple of heat.
“Why did you push me toward Mary?” he asked. It happened years before, but John found himself full of questions.
John’s curiosity unfurled like the fronds of spring ferns. Green. He typed out a message with quick-moving thumbs.
And at the end, with a kick of his heart in his chest and his orgasm balanced on the edge of a knife, he shouted himself hoarse, as hollowed out as a vessel, sacred and ready to receive.
William looked at the wall. “I wouldn’t say so, no. I used to think of myself as above emotions. I preferred to think of life as a gigantic puzzle in need of solving. I wanted to solve it. Certain...events changed that. Now I’m heading in a new direction in life.” He glanced at John. “And your appearance in my life has ultimately made it more interesting.”
“Sherlock.” John gives a little laugh that cuts through the fog of Sherlock’s feelings like a blade of sun. He stands from the bed. “I - I never sold the doll. I never said that. And...you are important to me. But I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Not quite feeling satisfied, John slid his phone out of his pocket and placed it on the coffee table. He couldn’t help but notice that William watched the phone from the corner of his eye as if it were a particularly curious puzzle. Or something which warranted suspicion. John blew air through his cheeks and shifted his gaze to his shelf of DVDs. He’d been watching old favorites and wanted to watch
was important.” His feelings flit through him, become hard to catch, hard to contain. As insubstantial as smoke or fog. “You said I was your future.”
A smile bubbled up. “Good. Really good.” When John had finally gotten up the nerve to tell Mike that he and William were dating, Mike didn’t even blink an eye. His face opened up like the clouds parting, all shining eyes and shining teeth. He joked William was a ‘looker’ and John was ‘lucky to snag him.’
William snickered, pulled his hand from John’s and wrapped an arm around John’s shoulders. John tilted his chin up, finding their faces suddenly close. He brushed his nose along the edge of William’s jaw. “Would you prefer the sensation of stubble?”
John, back to the role of show-and-tell project, allowed Dr. Chowdhury to lead him to a table where more donors awaited. The rest of the night passed in a blur, and John could only think of finding William’s number and texting him once more.
“I’m happy to know that,” William said. “Now, shall we watch this movie you’ve been going on and on about?”
He’d be so close to that again. Not in it. Not embroiled in the chaotic cycles of the emergency room. But still adjacent to the medical field. Working for a hospital. Helping people,
And there is. Reynolds glances around. John was looking at the body, and came in just in time to see Sherlock finagle the confession from Upstairs Joe. He’s now talking to DI Lestrade on the opposite side of the room, by the window from where Downstairs Craven was pushed.
Sherlock wavers, rocking forward on his heels, clasping his hands together. “Does the doll have a name?” He can’t picture three generations of Watsons just calling it “the doll.”
John having conversations with the doll, after he lied about Harry telling him to take the doll with him - a doll she only brought out for a holiday spook.
John put her on the floor and watched as she ran back down the hallway toward the kitchen. The odour of cooking spices wafted in the air as he hung his coat and removed his shoes, sliding his feet into a pair of comfortable house slippers. A corner of peeling wallpaper caught his eye - the same bit of curl that he’d been meaning to fix for ages. For the umpteenth time, he ignored it, wiping the damp from his neck as he settled into the creature comfort of his evening routine.
Sharp, stabbing pains in the temple like the blade of a knife sliding between the parietal and temporal plates. The pain migrated down his neck and churned his stomach with bouts of intense nausea. Blurred his vision at times, impaired his balance at others.
“Not everyone, maybe, but I’d say most do.” She folded her hands in her lap. “If that’s what you want, then you need to make changes.”
“It’s mine, Sherlock, and if I’m staying down here, it stays with me,” John says. The whip-crack of heat in his voice sends an unwelcome jolt down Sherlock’s spine, like a lightning flash. Static electricity seems to hang heavy in the air. John continues, his voice thick with displeasure. “You’ve got dead things in the lounge and body parts in the kitchen, and you want to talk to me about a doll?”
There was no need to flirt when meeting anyone through Grindr, and he barely knew how to flirt with Mary. If the
“Victor Trevor was my spotter. We did over-watch on ground units. Head shots were my specialty, easy at 1,200 yards out. They considered me a hero.”
Also—though none of their online dalliances had led to anything serious—it felt a little weird to ask Woody for advice on another man. Sure, it’d been a while since they’d done anything illicit; just flirted around the edges, tiptoed along the lines. A titillating prospect, sometimes filling his empty hours with a sense of being wanted. Someone cared that he lived. Someone found him worthwhile. Even if it was just, ultimately, a stranger on the internet.
Life has become all about drifting. Sliding, skimming, across bouts of wakefulness. Bladder pressure means he signals his mother or Mrs Hudson for the jug. Boredom means he stares out and watches the birds. Telly is too painful - too loud, for sure, but also, stringing together meaning from the dialogue has become strenuous. His aunts look at him with red-rimmed eyes and his mother, bless his mother, she’s done everything she can to make him feel as if this is all normal and perfectly alright.
