Cas nods.  All the other ideas Dean has introduced to their sex life have been enjoyable and this one seems simple enough.
“Because if I see what heaven’s become – what I…”  Castiel sighed.  “…What I made of it… I’m afraid I might kill myself.”
Dean and Sam had seen Crowley die, Castiel had burned his bones, but Eve was insistent that he was still alive.  Eve also corrected them that Crowley was after Purgatory for the souls, not the location, then she made them an offer.  If they brought her Crowley, she would let them live.  Her goons brought Bobby and Castiel in and Eve offered to spare them too.  Monsters were always so generous.
“You’ll take it off yourself or I’ll remove all your layers,” Crowley said lightly with a wave of his hand.
“Yes,” Castiel agreed, knowing Dean was asking to have sex and not caring for the specifics as long as Dean kept touching him.  He wanted Dean’s hands on him, wanted Dean inside him.  His chest ached for Dean who asked permission and never hurt him.  Castiel needed the reassurance and love he felt in every kiss.  He needed to be held safely in Dean’s embrace.  He needed to be in control of what was happening.
Grinning up at Castiel, Dean slid his three fingers inside him again, stretching the angel a bit more.  He eased Castiel’s thighs towards his stomach, exposing him further.  Then he directed the head of his cock to Castiel’s ass once more, teasing the faintly pink entrance, absorbed in the sight.  Cas looked fucking gorgeous with his legs spread and his glistening hole ready, crowned by his swollen cock.
Dean snorted and went to get his own coffee ready.  Helping himself to one of the leftover cupcakes he made, Dean finished it in two enthusiastic bites, sucking frosting from the edge of the paper lining before chucking it.   Then Dean lingered in the doorway, drinking his coffee and watching Castiel nurse his.
It was strange to Dean that he would feel such an intense attraction to the nerdy, awkward angel who was so clearly not his type.  The only real explanation for it was their existing relationship. It was an unfamiliar and exciting thought that he could have someone who knew him so well, who accepted him, wanted him wholeheartedly and without question.  Castiel was just awesome and he climbed eagerly into bed with Dean, uncertain for only a moment before he snuggled in close.
Castiel looked slowly from the flames to Sam, who was smirking from the floor and gradually getting to his feet. Tilting his head ever so slightly, Castiel fixed Sam with a hard, icy look—part anger and irritation and a bit of confusion that he seemed to be trying to hide.
Dean had never imagined he’d be falling asleep with Castiel resting quietly beside him.  He realized he hadn’t felt so at ease in a long time.  The last few weeks had been fraught with endless problems and Dean had slept worse than usual.  The rise and fall of Castiel’s chest against his soothed Dean into sleep, as easily as if Castiel had touched fingers to his head and cast him into a dreamless slumber.  He could get used to drifting off utterly untroubled.
Sam spotted Castiel standing beside one of the beds and he knew it was the angel, but he gaped a little bit at the sight of him.  Castiel wasn’t in his suit.  He was dressed in nice fitting dark blue jeans, with a fitted grey t-shirt and a long-sleeve black button down top that was open.  Sam had never seen Castiel wear anything else and it was weird.  The clothing definitely wasn’t Dean’s.  Castiel looked nice, but Sam noted that his hair was in disarray, pushed in conflicting directions.
“I was powerless, Dean.  I was trapped and powerless, but then Sa—then he tied me up too.  I felt so weak.  I couldn’t escape, I – I couldn’t break free, couldn’t move, couldn’t breathe, but he injured me anyway.  He hurt me when I tried to resist him and he hurt me when—when I tried to…cooperate.”
Castiel seemed confident and unaware that he was about to be ensnared, walking willingly into their ambush.  When the fire sprung up around him, Dean could tell that the angel hadn’t anticipated this.  It broke Dean’s heart a little bit to see the true panic on Castiel’s face as he started, taking in the flames, and his always carefully collected demeanor slipped and he demanded they let him go.
The triple digits shifting in and out, surging deeper and deeper, drew some muted utterances out of Castiel, but Dean kept going.  Feeling around the smooth, silky inside of his roommate, Dean slid in and out repeatedly, fingering that perfect, greedy hole, and pausing as Castiel shivered.
He sat, while Dean rummaged through his duffle bag for the lube, before making his way back in front of Castiel and dropping the bottle next to him on the blanket.  Standing in front of Castiel so that his legs were between Dean’s, the hunter pressed his hand to Castiel’s shoulder coaxing him to lie back.  Dean climbed onto the bed, above Castiel and kissed him leisurely, slowly undoing the buttons of his shirt before he unbuckled the angel’s belt and loosened his pants.
“I told Sam that if he has any issues he should tell me at once.  If there are any cracks or weaknesses in the wall, the sooner Sam tells me, the more likely I will be able to isolate the specific troubled area and repair it.”
At the morgue they looked over the reports on the bodies of the two women who supposedly had suffered from symptoms of alcohol withdraw.  They were both in their late twenties and had lived within a couple blocks of each other.  The women both had experienced shakiness, sweating, seizures, and an irregular heart rate, plus a condition called delirium tremens which caused sudden confusion and sometimes made people see or hear things.  The hospital had treated both women with Benzodiazepine which was typical for alcohol withdrawl.
Settling in, they started to get set up and Dean sat with Cas, explaining what he was doing as he picked through Bobby’s tackle box, selecting hooks, bobbers, and weights.  He showed Cas how to tie a simple clinch knot to secure the hook to the line and the angel replicated it on his own.  It was kind of nice, methodically working to set up both fishing poles and then demonstrating how to cast them out into the water.  Cas was a good student and he gave Dean his undivided attention as he explained what to expect and how he should watch the bobber.  It was a task Castiel took very seriously, staring intently at the water and declining when Sam was passing out beers, claiming it would spoil his concentration.
Sam busied himself with getting the prep work done for the stitches.  After he had collected what he needed and was ready to go, he looked pointedly at Dean to see if he was ready.  Dean nodded and got Castiel to slide a bit further into the bed so Dean and Sam both had enough room to sit next to him on the edge.
style, so it had been worth it after all.  Good thing too, because Castiel had been betrayed and injured by Rachel while they were gone and Bobby had to give him a hit of his soul so Castiel would be strong enough to bring them back.
As Dean closed the door he saw that Castiel had changed into sweatpants and he was lying on his stomach on the bed, reading some book he borrowed from Bobby.  Relaxing a little at the sight of Castiel sprawled on the bed, Dean started to check the locks and hex bags.
at all!” Dean crammed stray items back into the bags Castiel had dropped and dumped them on the counter as well.  He cast an angry look around the kitchen as if expecting Castiel to return.
It had been necessary to bodily throw the demon into a wall and the loud crack from the impact had been exceedingly satisfying.  Something about the comment had sparked a flare of hatred and anger that Castiel couldn’t control.  He didn’t care for the pet name or the implications of the sentence.  Even thinking about it now made his hands curl into fists.
Suddenly, Castiel wished he had his coat on to protect him, it seemed unwise to be without it.  Setting down the overflowing basket, Castiel fussed with his sleeves, tugging them down over his wrists unnecessarily.  He couldn’t make them any longer, so he settled for making sure his shirt was tucked in.   Since he didn’t have his tie, Castiel decided to button the top button on his shirt that was normally undone, but once he had, his collar felt entirely too restrictive and he undid it.
Dean blushed, looking away in embarrassment and adjusting the popped collar of his jacket, before he tried to act like he didn’t care.  He shrugged and made for the coffee.  Castiel frowned, uncertain what Bobby was talking about.
“And I believe you, but, well, I just need to make sure that you understand.  I would never hurt you like that, Cas.  I—maybe I wanted to then, but that wasn’t me and I would never do something so horrible like that again.  It’s tearing me apart inside that I put you through that, everything I said and did, it was just so wrong.”
Dean had his hands fisted in Castiel’s trench coat.  He couldn’t let the stupid angel get away again.
The angel kept careful watch over the Winchesters.  They immediately fell into their previously established hierarchy with John on top.  Hunting resumed and the experienced trio had no need for angelic assistance.  John was calling the shots and even driving the Impala.  Castiel didn’t see the Winchesters for several days, but he kept watch over them.  Though the boys were hidden from him, there was nothing to prevent him from tracking John.
All at once, Dean jumped to his feet and hurriedly messed up the blankets on the bed no one had slept in, a sad attempt to make it look like one of them had.
Admittedly, it was comforting to hear Sam apologizing to him, to hear his regret about attacking Bobby.  The whole thing was reminiscent of his Sam, of
“That would be awkward,” Castiel supplied, realizing his mistake and turning away to put some distance between them.
Castiel took a slightly unbalanced step backwards and bumped into someone, he was trapped.  Sam’s mouth was moving, but Castiel couldn’t hear a word.  A hand fell on his arm and Castiel wrenched himself away from the touch, not taking his eyes from Sam.  He felt hot and dizzy. His body was screaming that he was in danger.  He had to get out of there.  Without a second thought, Castiel flew away to safety.
Fear Castiel couldn’t quite seem to squash was blossoming in his chest.  Crowly was working with shapeshifters.   That meant he knew.  If the shifter had already copied Sam and Dean previously, then it would have had access to the thoughts and memories of both hunters.  The shifter had likely told Crowley everything about Sam.  Everything about Dean.
Looking apologetic, Sam raised a hand to wave a vague goodbye to Castiel as he retreated from the door.
Sam and Cas talked!   Spoiler alert:  It's not the last time.  They will chat again.  There is more to be said.
“Fuck, Cas, you’re just as tight as before,” Dean said, as he laid his hands on Castiel’s hips, helping to guide him downward.
Disgusted, Dean couldn’t let Castiel explain.  He spoke over him with questions.  Everything Castiel said was bullshit—he did it to protect them, he wanted their trust, he was still their friend.  Dean was trying not to groan aloud in frustration when he heard Castiel tell Sam that he pulled him from hell.
Castiel moved from his horizontal position to a verticle one beside the bed with a thought.  He spotted his clothes on top of an old dresser where he had set them.  The sight of the crumpled garments was off-putting and he lifted them delicately.  His shirt.  He had told Dean to remove it and Dean had ripped it off him, tearing the fine threads that held the buttons in place.  Castiel frowned at his shirt and the missing buttons, upset.  He could easily fix it and he had been glad when Dean expedited the process with force.  It didn’t make sense to feel inexplicably uneasy about it now.  Castiel used his grace to instantly dress himself and mend the buttons.  He was wholly clothed with his familiar tie and coat in place.  It was comforting to him and he felt somewhat safer.
Castiel shoved Dean’s jeans and boxers downwards, before gracefully sinking to his knees in front of him.  Dean blinked down at Castiel.  He hadn’t realized the angel had intended to kneel before him.  Castiel laid one warm hand on his cock, curling his fingers around it, while he brought his other hand to his mouth and sucked on his own fingers while staring up at Dean.  Licking at his own hand, Castiel brought his right to join his left and ran them along Dean’s erection in an attempt to lube him up with spit.  The angel brought his lush lips to the underside of Dean’s cock, moving towards the head.  With one hand low on Dean, he stopped and looked up at the hunter with his mouth teasingly close.  Dean could feel Castiel’s breath against him.
Bobby was the first to arrive in the kitchen and he looked curiously at Castiel, who had been distractedly staring at nothing.  After a grumbled ‘good morning,’ Bobby began making coffee.  Castiel thought the smell of coffee was pleasant, though he didn’t enjoy the taste, and he was feeling slightly cheered by the scent filling the room.
If it hadn’t been in the back of his mind that Sam and Bobby could be waiting on them, Dean thought he might have been content to hold onto Castiel until the angel objected.  Reluctantly, Dean released Castiel and took a step back.  He kept a hand lightly holding Castiel above the elbow, in case he was still wobbly.
Dean wrapped a hand around Castiel’s waist and pulled, rolling him onto his back.  Ducking his head, Dean brushed his lips against Castiel’s and kissed him.  As hard as it had initially been to finally admit to himself that he wanted Castiel as more than a friend, moments like this were surprisingly easy.  He wasn’t sure if Castiel had been trying to define their relationship earlier or not.  It wasn’t like the angel had any dating history to draw from.  Somehow Dean was the one more experienced in that area.  Dean realized that he wanted to say something real—to maybe reassure Castiel that they weren’t just screwing around for fun.
you relax,” Dean spared a glance at Castiel to see that he was considering this.  He thought the angel might finally be getting it.
“Sorry,” Dean mumbled and then jerked his head at the bathroom.  “If you want to change in there, it’ll give you some privacy.”
Once they arrived, they got another motel room and changed into their FBI attire.  It had been a while since they worked a case in a large city.  Dean had forgotten how noisy they were.  They split up to begin their investigation.  Sam went alone to the police station and Dean took Cas with him to the morgue.  It was almost a certainty that grainy photos of Castiel would still be tacked to the ‘most wanted’ board at the police station, so they were going to keep him away from all law enforcement.  Castiel left his coat in the car and put his glasses on without being told.
It was a blessing that they had some whiskey; Dean couldn’t be sober for this.  They had laid a trap for Castiel.  There was a ring of holy oil just waiting to be ignited when the angel arrived and Dean thought, uncomfortably, that this was probably exactly how soulless Sam had trapped him. Dean threw back his head, draining the last of his glass, and immediately took up the bottle to fill it again.  Sam was nodding to him that they were ready and Dean desperately didn’t want to say the words.  If he didn’t call Castiel, then he wouldn’t have to know for certain that his friend had lied to him.  Had
Now Dean would never know.  He had never been sure what he had thought he could do to change things between himself and Castiel…but he might have tried.  Kissing Castiel had been initially alarming, but once he was able to admit it, it had also been thrilling and comforting and right in a way that brief, drunken kisses weren’t meant to be.  Dean sighed heavily.  The angel was gone and replaced by an out of control being that Dean hoped to see dead.  It was like someone else had hijacked Castiel’s body, obliterating who he had once been and Dean didn’t want to see him like that, it was torturous.
Abruptly, Castiel had turned around and caught Dean’s eye.  Then the angel strode the short distance across the room, intently fixed on Dean, and had brazenly straddled his lap.
Dean was rubbing the back of his neck, clearly uncomfortable and Sam wasn’t sure how to respond.  Before he could form an answer, Dean was talking again and not meeting Sam’s eyes.
She held one out to him and Castiel accepted it, looking through the items.  He wondered if Dean would want breakfast or dinner.  Noting the prices, Castiel realized he had taken entirely too much money.   After a few minutes of indecisiveness, Castiel decided on breakfast and ordered eggs and bacon with hash browns and toast along with pancakes, a slice of cherry pie, and a large coffee.
Perhaps Dean had forgiven his father for the alcohol fueled abuse.  It was a likely conclusion; all was forgiven in death.  Castiel had never heard Dean speak ill of his father, not really.
“We’re better off without him, Dean.  I don’t trust dad like I trust you.  It doesn’t mean we can’t ever see him, just that hunting with him wouldn’t work,” Sam reasoned as Dean hung his head.
“Only a few?” Sam laughed lightly, keeping his voice low as he collected the DVDs.  He gestured at Dean.  “I can’t believe he’s sleeping through all this.”
Well, the angel didn’t like that at all.  He tried to shrink away from Sam and immediately blurted, “No! Dean— I don’t…, “ Castiel faltered, clearly at a loss for something to say.  And really, what could he say in this situation.
Dean couldn’t believe what he was hearing. He hadn’t meant to let Sam go, but he was too shocked to keep hold of him.
“All right, go wait down the street or something.  I don’t want an audience.”  Dean waved his hand, dismissing them.  Sam got up and Castiel followed his lead, stealing a glance at Dean before he walked out the door.
The opportunity to pull-over presented itself and Dean took it without a second thought.  He threw the gear into park, killed the engine and scrambled out of his seat belt.  Dean had to resist his first instinct.
If someone had asked, Sam wouldn’t have been able to pinpoint exactly when he had started to have negative thoughts about Castiel. Since Sam no longer had any real feelings he was inclined to believe that he must have had a touch of jealousy before he lost his soul. Castiel and Dean were close and they trusted each other. Sam had been jealous for both of those reasons.
The hunter thought of all their intimate moments since then when Castiel had sought comfort in his arms and the way he was shy but eager to kiss Dean.  How he had slowly become more comfortable in his own skin and more confident in what he wanted from Dean.  It had been so satisfying to help Castiel discover touches that were pleasurable and to see his hesitation fade away.  Dean knew that Castiel wasn’t completely better, but he had come so far.  And now the angel had thrown himself into danger because he thought Dean needed him.  It was all his fault for not answering the phone, for leaving Cas behind in the first place.
Sam scoffs and gestures to Dean with a wave of his long arm.  “You’re the one who shot me down when I wanted to get the low carb beer.  I figured I’d be doing you a favor, adding some steps to your day.  Walk off some of the calories, you know?”
“Thanks, Cas,” Sam said, releasing his grip on Dean’s shoulder and putting pressure on his healed leg.  The achy feeling that had been plaguing the rest of his body was gone too.
Taking up his knife again, Dean made the slit in the fabric larger so he could see what he was dealing with.
“I bet they still go to the motel, if he took victims back to his place, then they would be able to find him after he ditches them,” Sam reasoned, but Castiel wasn’t interested in the man’s conjectures.  He had to be certain.
Thank you so much for reading and all the comments and kudos so far!  It's more than I ever expected.
Dean drove the last few blocks without saying anything.  He was pulling into the parking lot when Castiel spoke again.
Castiel could hear the amusement in Crowley’s voice, but he spared no attention for the demon.  It was important to keep his focus on the shapeshifter who had started strolling the circumference of the circle, letting the iron drift through the flames.  Castiel couldn’t allow himself to be struck in the head.  Sam had tied him up when he was unconscious.  If he were restrained like that again he would be truly helpless.
“This whole thing was Dean’s idea by the way. He’s been wanting to do this for a long time. Shame he couldn’t make it.”
Cas gets with the program pretty damn quick and it’s fucking awesome. Dean’s a genius. And a great kisser, and Cas, he’s doing a bang up job too. Somehow better than Dream Cas by a long shot.
He jerked forward into the angel’s steady hand as Castiel drove into him, losing control as came with a shudder.  Dean felt Castiel fall out of rhythm and his thrusts became uncoordinated, as he stroked Dean through his orgasm.
They were working on finding Crowley, following leads and soon they had a location and a specific demon to strong arm for answers.  The only problem was the place was clean when they got there—no signs of demons at all.
“Dean.”  Castiel was saying his name again and though Dean loved how it sounded breathy on the angel’s lips, he couldn’t ignore him.  Dean forced himself to pull away from Castiel, holding the angel above him so he could see his face.
Dean was murmuring encouragement and lightly touching Castiel’s waist as he watched him, eyes roving from his face down to where his hard cock was bouncing repeatedly along Dean’s stomach and leaving damp smears.  A moan escaped Castiel as he rhythmically moved his hips back and forth, and Dean launched into a new round of horny narration.
Castiel didn’t stir and Dean fondled his warm, smooth skin a bit more boldly as he undid his own jeans, pushing them down with his boxers.  Dean’s fingers dipped into the furrow of Castiel’s ass, halting over the heated pucker of flesh.  Lube, his mind screamed at him and he was suddenly glad about all the jerking off he’d done recently since it had led him to keeping lube perpetually in his pocket.  Scooping it out and squeezing some into his hands, Dean coated his fingers and returned them to Castiel, circling his hole and nudging that first one inside.
Castiel had been observing Dean who was still staring at his father warily in disbelief.  He turned his attention to John who was giving him a sharp, appraising look.
“And then he, what, wouldn’t talk about it?”  It did sound a lot like something Dean would do, Sam thought, as Castiel nodded once in agreement.
Dean pulled away, intending to get cleaned up, but Castiel was all grabby hands, so Dean explained himself.  Looking in between them, Castiel inclined an eyebrow and touched Dean’s chest with his fingertips, before casting his eyes downwards again.
“What a brave little ant you are.  You know you’re powerless.  You wouldn’t dare move against me again.  That would be pointless.  So I have no need to kill you.  Not now.”
Castiel started to push at Sam’s chest to get away from him, but the pressure at this throat increased and he angrily stopped.   A few moments later, Sam removed his hand from groping at Castiel and instead gripped his chin, pulling his mouth open so he could slide his fingers inside, pressing against the angel’s tongue.
“I’m sorry, Cas.  I didn’t mean to upset you.”  Dean bit his lip, unsure of what to do.  “You’re safe, man.  I won’t touch you.”
Castiel focused on his hand on Dean’s sternum.  He moved it slowly, feeling the smooth expanse of Dean’s chest through the t-shirt and reflecting on what Dean had said.
“We won’t know till we get there, Dean.  It’s only like 70 miles from here though.  I thought we could still check it out, we’d leave Cas here,” Sam hurried to say before Dean could object.  “If we eliminate demons as being responsible, then you let him know where we are and he comes to help.  If it is demons, well, we deal with them and then meet up with him afterwards.”
Dean left the room, stopping at the car and rooting through their first aid supplies, gathering what he’d need to make a splint.  Luckily for Cas, it wasn’t the first wrist injury he’d come across.  After stopping at the front office to get a bag of ice, Dean returned to the room and sat on the bed next to Castiel again.
“No, of course not.  He doesn’t have to say it, but I’m the fucking monster who raped him.  Why would he want me around?  You’re helping Cas and what am I doing?  Despite my best efforts, I’m still hurting him.  Sitting around in my clothes was enough to freak him out the other day.”
Instead of letting panic render him immobile, Castiel had taken control of himself and managed to get free.  He had fought back against a fake Sam and won.  It was fortunate Crowley had tried to go for a ‘re-enactment’ because Castiel had know what to expect and was able to protect himself.  The first time he had been blind-sided by Sam’s blow, but this time he had known it was coming.  It was almost like a second chance to correct what had happened.
Everything was so hot and steamy, as Dean curled his hands in Castiel’s hair, moaning.  He didn’t know how Castiel was able to do this to him.  The angel always got Dean so worked up so quickly and he desperately wanted to come in Castiel’s hot mouth.  The angel was sucking him hard and fast, as he gripped Dean’s ass, pulling him close.  Dean was right on the edge and he grasped Castiel’s hair, tugging him forward as he rolled his hips, thrusting into the angel’s mouth.
Castiel held Dean close, drinking in the features of his face as they breathed against each other’s lips.  Dean found himself somewhat mesmerized by Castiel’s eyes.  He thought he could probably drown in them, awash with the love they contained.  Dean felt sweetly satisfied that he could be the one to restore Castiel’s trust and help him discover that sex could be safe and pleasurable.  It made Dean feel worthwhile to know that he could be that person for his friend.
Soon Castiel abandoned Dean’s lips in favor of mimicking the trail of kisses that Dean had lavished upon him earlier.  Castiel tongued and nibbled his way down Dean’s neck and then back up to his ear, where he got wildly inventive and bit and licked at the lobe.  Dean tilted his head back to expose his throat.  Castiel was inexperienced, but he was devoted to the cause and unflagging in his efforts.  Castiel’s breath was hot against Dean’s neck, but cooler where it blew over the skin that the angel had just been licking.
Castiel could recognize Sam for the threat he was, a well-trained hunter with knowledge of angels. Sam had never seemed very intimidating before, but his lack of a soul suddenly seemed alarming to Castiel and he wished his botched attempt to pull Sam whole from the cage had been more successful. He still wasn’t sure how he had managed to rescue Sam without his soul. Castiel dismissed the idea of telling Sam that he had been the one to pull him out. At the moment it would likely only anger him. But then…Castiel still couldn’t understand why he was here. Sam hadn’t exactly answered him and Castiel’s mind whirled with possible reasons, but none of them seemed logical. He was certain Sam didn’t know he was working with Crowley.
He didn’t expect Castiel to get the reference, but he never expected him to get them, he just couldn’t help himself.
“This smells delicious, Cas, and I’m starving.  I didn’t have lunch yesterday either, so good call.  And you got pie!  You’re the best, dude,” Dean said, leaning over to kiss Castiel.
Behind the safety of the bathroom door, Dean rushed through his morning routine.  He was feeling grateful he didn’t have to see the knowing smirk on Sam’s face.
“You look fucking perfect like this, Cas.  So good,” Dean said, moving his hands to grip Castiel’s ass and urge his motions faster.
After Castiel’s poor reaction yesterday, Sam understood why Dean wanted to know more details about what had transpired.  It hadn’t been painless to say and Sam knew it wasn’t an easy thing to hear.  No doubt Dean’s mental image of what had happened that night just became a bit more complete.  He was sure his brother both hated knowing and probably wanted to know more.
I have a few chapters beyond this written out and I have the ending to this story written, but I'm wondering if my lovely readers (you) would like to read more chapters that will have a couple cases and some fluff, angst, plot and sex or if it would be better to wrap things up more quickly.  I am leaning towards writing more since I have ideas and I don't want to rush Dean and Cas.  Plus, I feel like I always want the fics I'm reading to be super long, even if they already are lengthy.  I tend to write with a lot of details and it makes things long.  So, I don't know, I guess I want to make sure this hasn't gotten boring.  Please feel free to comment on this or the chapter.  Feedback is
After pulling his fingers free, Sam reached around Castiel, curious and groping for his cock, but the angel wasn’t even half hard so Sam released him. Still holding Castiel in a steadying grip, Sam lubed himself up and lined his length up against his slick hole and started pressing his way inside.
Castiel looked behind him and could see the oil outlining a circle on the floor.  He turned back to Crowley with an irritated expression.
, and suddenly Dean knew why his brother was looking guiltily at him.  Sam remembered what he had done to Castiel.  That wasn’t something he was really prepared to discuss with Sam.  Dean had definitely been trying to forget it the past few weeks.  It wasn’t as easy as he had hoped, since sometimes his hellish nightmares included a bound and injured Castiel that Dean wasn’t able to help.
, just the situation,” Dean said, standing abruptly from his chair, but not knowing where he intended to go.
They crept through the dark and broken house as silently as possible.  The floorboards were old and rickety.  The house smelled musty.  In what was likely the living room there were a number of decrepit looking couches.  Three were occupied with sleeping vamps and they each approached one, dispatching them in unison on Dean’s silent countdown.  Castiel used his grace and the brightness had Sam blinking spots out of his vision.  As his eyesight recovered, Sam wiped his blade on the couch and saw Castiel approach Dean and lay a hand on his shoulder.  The angel leaned in and whispered something in Dean’s ear.  Dean glanced at the floor and then up at the ceiling, nodding.
Dean peeled off his jeans, watching Castiel, appreciating the long, lean lines of his back and the dip before the start of his sweats.  Climbing into bed with the angel, Dean trailed his fingers down Castiel’s spine, observing the movement of his shoulder blades as Castiel shifted to look at him.
Once Castiel had locked the door behind him, Dean trapped him against it, with his hands flat on the door on either side of Castiel’s head as he kissed the angel slowly.  Immediately, Castiel wrapped his hands around Dean’s waist, pulling him closer and letting Dean into his mouth.  Dean let himself get lost in the kiss, only caring that it was Cas and that he tasted so good.  It was so much better than kissing that stupid fae earlier.
Dean didn’t think Castiel was crying, but his voice was rough and he had started shaking and clung more tightly to Dean.
Castiel never refused him and so he barreled into Dean, pressing him firmly against the door with his chest, resuming a fast, jerky pace, and kissing Dean covetously.  Finally, Castiel released Dean’s arms, and brought his newly available hand to clutch at Dean’s jaw and hold his head as he determinedly kissed him.  Dean sank into Castiel slightly, as his arms were freed and he scrambled to squeeze the angel tightly against him, grasping at his hair and back.  All he had wanted was to get his hands on Castiel and now that Dean had him he thrust wildly in sync with his friend’s hand and chased his orgasm, wanting nothing more than to come for Cas.
the crashing noise as it was no longer on the table and the table itself was somewhat askew and he wasn’t alone.
Dean was hard and dripping in Castiel’s hand as he shifted and lined Dean up at his entrance.  Steadying himself with a hand on Dean’s chest, Castiel focused on the delicious stretch and muted burn as he lowered himself over the bulbous head.
That just must be what happens when an angel pulls you out of hell, Sam reasoned, until he recalled Castiel confessing that he had yanked Sam out of the pit too.  Sam was mulling this over and didn’t seem aware of any new burst of feelings towards Castiel.  He was grateful, certainly, though he wished the angel hadn’t somehow left his soul behind, but he couldn’t imagine himself staring deeply at Castiel, while standing entirely too close for long silent moments.  Yeah, that was definitely just something weird between Dean and Castiel, no ‘profound bonds’ here.
“Did I upset you?” Castiel was looking up at Dean, studying his expression with a hand on his chest.
Anticipating more mistakes, Castiel had already rid himself of Crowley.  He couldn’t give the demon any of the souls.  It was too likely to backfire on him.  Crowley had been upset and angry, but he couldn’t do anything about it.  Castiel didn’t need him anymore.  He didn’t need anyone.  He would succeed on his own.
Thank you so very much for reading!! I am new to both reading and writing fan fiction and Supernatural.  I just started watching for the first time about 7 months ago, but I love the show and really enjoyed writing this.  I appreciate all the comments, kudos, subscriptions, and bookmarks, it was tremendously encouraging!  So thank you, thank you, thank you!!
Without waiting for Sam to reply, Castiel touched his arm and they appeared in the motel room he had been sharing with Dean.
He rolls his balls back and forth in his palm, noting that he has Cas's attention.  And it's a great sight too, Cas on top of his discarded gown, reclining on the medical table, looking ever so slightly flushed as Dean slowly massages from his balls down until his fingers are circling over that familiar heated entrance that's always so welcoming.
“Um, Cas.” Someone had to say something. “What are we doing out here, man?  Did you have something to say?”
“You don’t have to wear the clothes, Cas.  Hell, I’m surprised you even have this many pairs of pants.  Thought you’d run out by, like, day three."
Dean propped himself up on his elbows, raising his eyebrows as he took in Castiel’s flush and renewed nudity.  A grin crept onto his face when he spotted the lube.
“Believe me, Dean.  You’ll know when I’m putting on a show,” Castiel promised before slinking away down the hall towards his room.
“Sam’s gonna do your stitches, Cas,” Dean announced as he bent over and applied three butterfly bandages to the cut across Castiel’s chest.  “We should do the leg first,” Dean murmured, occupied with his task.
He could handle sleeping.  Castiel had lain down on his side, mimicking Dean’s position and facing the hunter with endlessly staring eyes that Dean could make out in the dark.
“Remember I held your arms down, you freaked out.  I think you were upset and then embarrassed.  And then pissed,” Dean added, covering all the bases.
“Sorry, Squirrel, but your little love bird and I are having a chat.  Once Sammy and I are done playing with him I promise to let him out of his cage so he can fly home to you.”
Dropping his gaze, Castiel’s mind flashed to Sam telling him the same thing when he had him pinned to the floor.  It was unfair that the memory popped into his head so easily while he was sitting happily with Dean.
“This is clearly between you and I, but if you can’t even forget about my brother for a minute then we can involve him. It’s obviously what you want.”
Dean plopped his elbow on the table and raised one of the shots, waiting for Sam and Castiel to mimic him.
meant he was doing God’s will.  For all that he had done wrong, his presence in relation to Dean was right; it was the only truth he could be certain of.  He was destined to belong at the hunter’s side, to follow him always, the same way he had unquestioningly fought his way to Dean in the bowels of Hell to grip him tight and raise him from perdition.  Castiel was made to be Dean’s and it was a role he longed to fulfill completely, eager to be whatever the Righetous Man desired.
“You mean like that fucking one over there?” Dean gestured to the weapon on the floor near the shifter.
“Shit, Cas.  Maybe I should have stayed.  I thought getting Sam the hell away from you was the most important thing…” Dean became lost in thought.  It had seemed like the best scenario at the time, but maybe he should have called Bobby to come get Sam, or maybe he should have checked Sam into a different room and stayed with Castiel to watch over him.
“Sometimes,” Castiel said evasively.  “I like the texture of this, it’s soft and warm.”  Castiel nodded at the pancake in his hand.
It was Castiel.  Sam was shocked.  He hadn’t considered this scenario at all.  Dean looked just as dumbfounded.  They were screwed.  Maybe if they tried to talk to him?
Oh.  Castiel was trying to have the relationship talk.  At least, that’s what it sounded like.  Dean absently touched his neck, thinking.  He was so bad at this sort of thing.  He didn’t really know how he felt about Cas, except for how he did.  He definitely didn’t want the angel to leave.
“Listen, uh, I know I used to go home with different women,” Dean began, unable to look Castiel in the eye.  “But, well, life on the road, it, uh, it doesn’t leave room for anything else.  And those kind of nights were fun, but, well, it’s lonely.  None of those chicks knew me.  So, at the end of the day, I’d rather lie down with you.  Since we get each other, you know?  And you’re important to me, Cas.  I, uh, I need you around.”
Then Castiel appeared and he looked different to Dean.  The past few times he had seen Castiel the angel had looked confused and hopeless.  He had seemed resigned and maybe regretful when he broke the wall in Sam’s mind.  Now he seemed assured, confident, and even pleased with himself, it was a little unnerving.  Dean got gingerly to his feet, staring at the angel and feeling worried. Bobby came to stand beside Dean and Dean scrambled to catch up in the conversation between Crowley and Castiel.
Well, if Sam wanted to act like it wasn’t weird that Dean was kissing a dude who was also an angel, then Dean could try to play along.  Fake it until you make it and whatnot.  He sent a quick response to Sam.
Castiel didn’t answer Sam, opting instead to rest his head back against the floor and stare darkly at the flames across from him.
I made shit work with Lisa for a whole year.  The only reason I couldn’t stay there is because this job is more important—and I committed to this
It had occurred to Dean that he should be expecting this.  Castiel had been copying a lot of what they did together.  Dean straddled Cas in the car and then Cas straddled him on the couch.  Dean tore off Cas’ shirt, so Cas ripped his off too.  Dean had gone down on Cas and now the angel wanted to give him a blow job.  Just because he should have realized it was coming, didn’t make it any less tempting.  Dean glanced at Castiel’s parted lips and then back to him.
“Shhh, it’s okay, Cas.  It’s okay.  I got you.  No one’s gonna hurt you.”  Dean whispered an endless string of comforting words, the sort of stuff he had used on Sam when he was a little kid, crying about their mom.  If their dad was around, he always told him to stop crying and ‘act like a man’ but usually he was gone and sometimes the only way to make Sam stop crying was to soothe him.
While Dean was checking them in, Sam was calling him, but Dean just silenced it and finished the transaction.  He listened to the voicemail Sam left while he and Castiel went into the room.  It was just a whiny message from Sam, bitching about how they should finish driving and come home tonight.  He didn’t even offer any real reason, besides the weak excuses he had already mentioned.  It was a little strange, usually he and Sam enjoyed it when they spent some time apart.  Since they were always together and living in such close quarters, it was nice to take a break from each other once in a while, so Dean wasn’t sure why Sam was itching for them to come home.
Castiel was resting on his elbows, watching Dean closely and looking a little nervous.  Dean grinned confidently at him, gripping his cock loosely and pumping his fist twice.
“Dean cooked this breakfast often, at Lisa’s,” Castiel commented, as he took a bite of plain pancake, holding it as if he were eating a sandwich.
“It sounds like it could fit,” Sam admitted slowly.  “So, their symptoms of withdrawl were because they were essentially addicted to this ghancanagh and he left them?  And the nurse said they weren’t eating…”
“Sure, Cas.  I won’t if you don’t like it,”  Dean said, wondering what exactly Castiel disliked about being addressed that way.
“Okay, and if he has issues?” Dean tried to keep his voice calm.  It sounded like good news and Castiel had apologized for breaking the wall, but it was still a struggle to remind himself he wasn’t allowed to be angry anymore.  He was trying to let go of the anger, but it was an unfamiliar process to him.  Dean clamped his mouth shut, refusing to let himself be angry with Castiel when he was attempting to fix things.
“I need my beauty sleep, Bobby.  You know that.  We can’t all wake up looking as gorgeous as you,” Dean answered as he fumbled to pull his keys out.
With difficulty Dean managed to get hold of his convulsing brother, who thrashed another moment before becoming still and seemingly unconscious.
The angel didn’t move or try to block the stream with his arms or duck out of the way or anything.  He had just let it him him squarely in the chest, slightly turning his head from the ricocheting spray and squinting to protect his eyes.  Dean bit his lip, trying not to laugh at the non-reaction and waiting for Cas to say something.  The angel looked down at his wet shirt and tie and then up at Dean in confusion.  Water dripped from his hair and Castiel wiped his hand over his face.
Castiel licked along his half hard cock, sucking the head into his mouth and swirling his tongue.  He kept his eyes on Dean, who melted back into the pillows, relaxing underneath Castiel’s mouth and hands.  Castiel started off somewhat slowly, taking his time stroking Dean and trying out different angles and varying amounts of pressure.
“Yes,” the confusion clears and Cas nods.  “I’m here for a physical,” he supplies, nodding again at the chart like there’s actually something written there.  “And you can call me Cas.”
“That was the nurse I spoke with at the hospital.  He called to tell me that a man who was admitted yesterday seems to be developing all the same symptoms and tendencies that the first two vics had.  Are we still sure this is ghancanagh?  When I talked to Bobby this morning he said all the lore he could find was about seducing
Dean started to grab his friend’s shoulder, but Castiel shrugged him off, staring down the men in front of him.  Hoping no one had called the cops yet, Sam tried to think of the best way to diffuse the situation.  It was hardly Dean’s first bar room brawl, but Sam wasn’t sure how to deal with Castiel.  He had dragged a resistant Dean out of bars once or twice before, but he didn’t want to touch Castiel like that and honestly, if the angel wanted to stay, Sam wouldn’t be able to forcibly budge him.
“Yes, Dean, I know.  I see now that it was just a misunderstanding.  I didn’t believe you would want to hurt me, but when you bought the lube… I misinterpreted your intentions.”
“Like this,” Castiel amended, quickly.  “I meant, we could go to bed together.  If I fall unconscious, I would feel safer close to you.  I cannot defend myself if I’m asleep.”
“Of course, Dean,” Castiel snapped.  “I’ll just ‘pretend like it never happened,’ I’m starting to get good at that.” Castiel glared at him a moment longer before he disappeared.
had his brother been kissing an angel?  If Sam hadn’t just promised to talk with Cas about anything, anytime he might have been tempted to say it was none of his business.  Though, honestly, he was curious.
Returning the favor, Castiel pushed at the plaid shirt Dean had on and Dean rushed to free his arms from the sleeves.  Once he had gotten it off, he wound Castiel’s tie around his hand and used it to pull the angel down, pressing their mouths together firmly.
“Yes,” Castiel said and Dean deliberately slid his hand lower, teasing Castiel’s entrance. “I want you to, Dean.”
Castiel thought of how ethereal it had been to be inside of Dean—to be connected beyond just words, actions or purpose.  From the moment Castiel had touched Dean in Hell he had developed an inexplicable affinity for the man and their bond had only grown over time.  Castiel wasn’t certain how it worked, but somehow the act of sex could be divine or infernal depending on the circumstances.  It seemed to be a strictly human truth and Castiel suspected it was directly related to the emotions they experienced in a particular situation.  It seemed strange that sex could potentially provide an ephemeral glimpse of the perpetual suffering of Hell or the glorious blissfulness of paradise in Heaven, but Castiel knew it to be true.
Bewildered, Sam turned back to Castiel, who was looking around at Dean, standing by the pool tables.  His brother had a pool cue in his hands and was leaning against the table talking to the men there.  Sam couldn’t quite hear what they were saying, but he thought Castiel probably could.  He hoped his brother wasn’t about to try and hustle them.  He
leave, but Dean preferred not to think about that—it was surprisingly upsetting.  When Dean thought of Castiel’s trusting eyes and the bright way he looked at him, Dean knew he wasn’t done with the angel.  That he didn’t want to be done with him.  All those sweet little smiles Cas would flash in his direction and the way Dean could completely be himself around Castiel without fear of rejection was absolutely what Dean wanted.  Of course, he never got what he wanted for long, so he might as well enjoy it while he could.  So yeah, he wanted the dorky angel around.
“No more fingers,” Castiel said, ceasing his backwards rocking.  He felt Dean hook his fingers along his rim, spreading him as he pulled them slowly out.
Dean really didn’t want to call Castiel with how he’d left things.  It wouldn’t have surprised him if Castiel just ignored his prayers at this point. Dean sort of deserved it.
Even Sam could admit that Dean had done a good job on the food, so he complimented his brother on it and thanked him.  He wondered if Dean had made the meal to try and smooth over all the uneasiness of the night before.  It seemed like a good idea to try to return some normalcy to their lives, so Sam decided to pitch the potential case he had found.
“Just, well, it’s been a while, and we should talk.  Family stuff,” Dean said with a quickly aborted smile.  He laid a hand on Castiel’s shoulder and took him a few steps away.  Lowering his voice, he continued.
Castiel’s sour face confirmed it.  Struggling to his feet, Dean carefully braced himself so he could pull Castiel into a standing position as well.
“Just, hang out here, Cas.  Enjoy some me time.  Or, hey!  Go pop in on Bobby, scoop up some new books to read.”
The war in heaven was constant.  The tension between Castiel and the demon he had partnered with was reaching new peaks.  The ongoing struggle to find Purgatory was inconclusive.  The uncertainty of whom he could trust plagued his mind.  The memories of what an amoral Sam had inflicted upon him fought for Castiel’s attention, as much as he tried to forget them.  The meaning of the kiss from Dean was unclear, though Castiel knew what he wanted it to mean.  All of these things had been weighing on Castiel, but he was able to carry on and have faith that he was on the right track.  That changed when he started actively lying to Dean.  Every small deception, though seemingly harmless, piled up like stones on Castiel’s mind, heavy and distracting.
Dean later realized that the moving of boxes was evidently Bobby’s only unspoken comment on Dean and Castiel’s relationship.  The spare room was one Sam and Dean had stayed in as kids sometimes, when their father would leave them with Bobby.  There was a full-bed in there that hadn’t been used in ages, since Bobby had so much crammed into the room, weapons, files and files of copies of lore books he couldn’t risk losing, and even some curse boxes.  Castiel had dutifully moved things around and out of the room and into the basement at Bobby’s instruction.  In thanks, Bobby had told Castiel he could use the room, for whatever, when he was at Bobby’s.
“Yes, you, real you.  Not… well, Crowley told you he was working with a shapeshifter,” Castiel said and they both nodded.
Kissing down Castiel’s chest, Dean finally had an opportunity to swirl his tongue over Castiel’s nipples.  He sucked one and then the other into his mouth.  They weren’t unlike a woman’s, they just weren’t positioned on top of large, fleshy mounds, but Dean was surprisingly okay with that. Castiel was evidently sensitive and he shivered underneath Dean’s tongue.  Straddling Castiel, Dean dropped his hips and ground his erection slowly and deliberately against the angel’s.
“C’mon, Castiel, I heard that. You’re so fucking tight and hot. Let it out. I wanna hear you.” Sam used his free hand to grasp Castiel’s hair roughly and pulled his head back away from the floor. “You hear me, Cas? Your virgin angel ass is so good and tight. I’ll have to tell Dean what he’s missing.”
They met up with Sam, who had only learned that Farrell had no prior arrests.  This murder was the only trouble she had ever really gotten into.  One of the officers had described her as behaving manically.  Farrell had been unrepentant for killing the other woman and hadn’t offered a reason for her actions before she died.  They decided to talk to witnesses and staff at the hospital next.
Trying to catch his breath and look at Castiel challengingly, Dean taunted him, willing the angel to understand.
Sam could be so friggin’ nosy.  None of that was any of his business.  Dean tossed restlessly on the cot in the panic room, wishing he had been drinking something stronger than beer earlier.  All he could see when he closed his eyes was Castiel.  The look on Castiel’s face when Dean had yelled at him that the kiss had been a mistake, his expressions of hurt when Dean rejected his apologies, the doubt and disappointment when Dean refused to trust him—why hadn’t Dean put pride aside and tried to work
“It’s tonight.”  He flicked his eyes at Dean in the mirror.  “Did you remove your clothes in anticipation of sex?”
“I’m God.  And if you stay in your place, you may live in my kingdom.  If you rise up, I will strike you down.  Not doing so well are you, Sam?”
“I’m pulling the knife out, but that doesn’t mean it can’t go back in somewhere, you’ve got plenty of skin left.” Sam spoke loudly to make sure Castiel heard the threat over his grunts of pain and labored breathing. In Sam’s confident grip, the knife came clean of Castiel’s skin with only mild resistance after the twisting.
It was on the tip of Dean’s tongue to say that it was different for him since he knew what he was doing, but the bitchy look on Sam’s face stopped him.  And good thing he kept his mouth shut, because Cas was evidently upset with him too.
“I just wanted to show you another fun way to pass the time,” Sam smirked at him and was pointedly stroking himself to hardness again. Shaking his head slightly in disbelief, Castiel still managed to jut his chin defiantly.
Instead of grabbing Castiel, Sam seized Dean and pulled him towards the door.  His brother was grumbling, but he didn’t resist.
On the surface there were clear facts defining a person that anyone could see.  Dean was tall.  He loved pie, cheeseburgers, and a particular type of rock music.  He was obsessed with his car and enjoyed women and sex and drinking alcohol.  Beneath these obvious observations was where the confusion began, where messy emotions started seeping in, influencing everything. Dean was fiercely loyal and protective.  He loved his brother, would die to protect him, had died to save him.  Frequently, Dean could be crass and coarse, but he was also direct and sincere.  For how honest and open Dean could be when he was asking for help, he could just as easily be defensive, resistent, and closed off.  In all things, Dean exuded confidence and strength, but he knew fear, uncertainty, and doubt.
It was such a turn on to find Castiel in the shower touching himself.  Dean slipped his hand around both of them, holding their cocks together in a wet grip.
“You look so good, Cas,” Dean murmured as Castiel started sliding forward.  Tucking a hand behind his head, Dean got ready to enjoy the show.  “You like being stuffed full of my cock?  Need me fucking into you if you wanna come.”
Dean’s subconscious is on fire tonight. Cas smells so fucking good, feels solid and hard (no, not like that--well, not yet anyway) in Dean’s arms. He even tastes good. And the
Dean went down on one knee, spreading Castiel’s cheeks and taking in the angel’s puckered hole, before he slipped his tongue against it.  Nudging Castiel’s legs further apart, Dean licked at him, lapping over his entrance and kneading his ass with his hands.  Castiel moved slightly against him and Dean buried his head further, tonguing Castiel’s rim and pushing inside.
They fall apart, Cas returning a hand to his cock and one to his nipples because he knows Dean likes watching him touch himself. Dean’s dick is finally where he wants it and he drives it repeatedly into Cas, the rapid movements making the paper crinkle obnoxiously beneath them. Louder than that is the meat of Dean’s thighs smacking against Cas’s ass and Dean can barely hear the way Cas is panting with pleasure, but he can see it in the way his mouth hangs open and his eyes have scrunched shut like he’s focusing only on the sensation of Dean’s cock in his ass and his own hand flying faster.
“This one?” he asked and Castiel nodded, sitting up and keeping his arm still as Dean tried to roll back his coat sleeve.  Castiel flinched and Dean stopped touching him, aghast.
For now, he was here. Their motel room reunion was rough around the edges.  Once it had been established that John was in fact John, he had briefly hugged each of his sons.  The gruff affection seemed insufficient to Castiel, but the brothers weren’t particularly keen on demonstrating their feelings, something they had undoubtedly learned from John.  Castiel couldn’t judge, he knew little of intimacy between family, his was certainly no example to go by.
,” Cas purrs out the word with a deep breathy exhale, never taking his eyes from Dean who bites his lip and struggles to remember what they're talking about. “…is it a problem that everything I eat tastes like molecules?”
“I’m sorry, Dean.  I said I ‘can’t,’ not I won’t.  I don’t know what the surprise is.  Sam didn’t trust me not to tell you.  I just know there is a surprise and that I’m tasked with ensuring your prompt arrival downstairs.”
Dean wasn’t sure what to say or do sitting astride Castiel.  He felt hesitant to touch him anywhere.  After a moment of silence, Dean decided to play it safe and he laid his hand on top of one of Castiel’s.
Releasing the belt, he pulled out and let Castiel’s hair go so his head thudded against the floor again.
After a nod from Dean, Sam stood up, hunching slightly, and lifted Castiel with him. He could tell Castiel was trying to stand slightly apart from him so they weren’t touching any more than necessary, so naturally Sam squeezed him a little closer.  Castiel shook his head.
“Are we gonna pretend that you weren’t in your room just now, trying to open yourself up, and thinking about how much you loved it when I fucked you?” Dean asked, as Castiel pushed back onto his fingers.
Enamored all over again by the characters and storyline, Dean ropes Cas into watching it with him sometimes.  Sam laughs at the two of them taking up one end of the couch and shakes his head.  He’s never appreciated the compelling prose and convoluted story lines the way Dean does.
Afterwards, Dean got as far as a clean pair of boxers before he decided that was more than enough clothing.  He had the place to himself for the evening anyway and he had kind of liked going naked the couple of times he had done it recently.
As Dean looked down at Castiel, he could see the need and desire in the angel’s darkened eyes.  Without answering, Castiel pulled from Dean’s grasp and plunged his hand into Dean’s shorts, confidently gripping his throbbing cock.  Dean gasped at the sensation, as Castiel strove to mimic Dean’s resumed pumping and jerking.
Sam cast a glance around the room and spotted an attractive woman at the bar, sneaking sideways looks at him.  Smiling in her direction, Sam considered the fact that he wouldn’t have a roommate tonight.
“No, not here, lamb.  I don’t know where they are.  Well, they’re probably busy playing FBI dress-up for that little case we set up.  I knew Dean would want to keep you away from anything demony.”
Dean moaned slightly against Castiel’s lips as he tried to move his restrained arm and found he couldn’t.  The idea of Castiel holding him in place was too hot and Dean tried to push the angel away with his free hand, hoping to get in trouble and have it pinned as well.  Allowing himself to be removed, Castiel tore his lips from Dean’s and searched the hunter’s eyes, questioning the hand on his chest holding him an arm’s length away.
Castiel continued, “Sometimes other things would upset me, but not in quite the same way.  I might feel terribly… apprehensive or abruptly furious or fearful.  It’s frustrating that I cannot control the physical and emotional reactions of this vessel the way I once could.”
Dean flew into the bedroom and he could still feel the flush that had crept down to his chest, he felt hot and mortified.  It was hard to remember the last time he had been so embarassed.  The reality of Castiel outing him for his purchase in front of Sam
Dean’s knife was sharp and he made short work of cutting through the bindings.  Castiel didn’t move his arms right away when he was finally free and Dean imagined he had probably lost a lot of feeling in them, judging by the ligature marks left behind.
Death suggested they wanted him to fix the wall in Sam’s mind due to his hallucinations.  Which, okay, this was not the way Sam had wanted Dean to find out, but it was too late now. Death fixed his attention on Sam and insisted it was one wall per customer.  This news had derailed Dean momentarily as he processed what this meant.  So Sam addressed the intimidating figure before him, explaining that that wasn’t why they had bound him.
Before dropping the knife, Sam sliced the blade diagonally across Castiel’s torso from above his nipple down across his abdomen and ending close to his belly button.
There was silence for a long moment and Sam almost thought he wasn’t done teaching Castiel manners about answering when Castiel said quietly, “Yes. I understand.”
Not wanting Dean to wake up and wonder where he was, Castiel left a note on the motel stationary explaining that he went to buy food.  In less than a second Castiel was in front of the all-night diner they had stopped in a few days ago and a couple states away.
Cas emerged from the bathroom, cheeks still tinged pink.  He didn’t look as put together as he had previously, but he didn’t seem to be as concerned about that.  Blowjobs never failed at relaxing people and Dean smirked at Cas as he took his phone back.
Thank you to those who asked for more and made suggestions on the plot. I hope everyone enjoys this porny continuation!    Thanks for reading!
“Are you mad at me, Cas?  I shouldn’t have left you behind, but I thought it was a safe move.”  Dean waited a moment, but Castiel said nothing.  “I’m sorry I didn’t answer the phone and that you had to go along with Crowley.  I never wanted that to happen.”
“Nope.  You keep ’em, Cas,” Dean almost chuckled. “My priority now is just getting Sam’s soul back. You know he would have never done this if he had it, right?”
Dean hastened to undo the buttons on Castiel’s shirt, cursing into his mouth as he fumbled through them.
Dean was shaking his head subtly. It wasn’t working.  He couldn’t get through to the hunter.  The whole conversation would have been easier for Castiel to handle if he weren’t so invested in Dean.  He cared deeply for the man before him; Dean’s trust meant everything. Castiel looked away.
“He’s right, Sam.  The people in this bar do seem considerably happier than the people in other bars we’ve been in,”  Castiel said, looking around.
Dean thought he’d like to continue kissing along Castiel’s hand, and how easy it would be to get to the angel’s long fingers and suck one into his mouth.  He shook the thought from his head as Castiel moved his hand back down Dean’s neck to his chest, fingers spread.  Castiel was pressing against Dean’s chest as he pushed himself up, so he could hover over Dean.
Castiel stood and stretched his arms above his head, rolling his neck slightly, and then stifling a yawn with his fist.  Locking eyes with Dean, Castiel crossed over to him, the barest hint of a smile lifting his lips.  Stepping in close, he murmured, breath hot, in Dean’s ear.
“Yeah, but Dean, after that I tied him up and I burnt him to wake him up.”  Sam spoke quickly to get to the part of his story that wouldn’t have Dean glowering at him.  “The burning was what kept him from healing, so maybe they didn’t even get that far.  Otherwise he’d probably have a gash on his head that he couldn’t heal right away.”
With so many things out of Dean’s control, it was comforting to be able to work on the Impala.  Fixing it again was familiar to Dean and it was something within his skill set to complete.  He felt calmer during the hours he spent absorbed in repairing his baby.  Dean took his time, making sure to do things right and pouring love into his efforts.
“You think you can, because you think you’re simply under the weight of all those souls, yes?  But that’s not the worst problem.” Death continued, “There are things much older than souls in purgatory, and you gulped those in too.”
Dean dropped his head back against the door and cursed while an Angel of the Lord essentially deep-throated him, holding Dean’s ass to keep him still.  It was all too much.  Luckily, Castiel resumed his less ambitious sucking and licking and Dean thought it was amazing.  He needed the movement.  Then Castiel’s fingers were in the crease of Dean’s ass and he suddenly stopped, removing Dean’s dick from his mouth.
“I’ve never felt so helpless,” Castiel spoke quietly and Dean wished, for the first time, that the Impala’s engine wasn’t so loud.  “I couldn’t do anything… it didn’t matter what I did.”
Drinking a couple sips of coffee didn’t make the whole situation seem any less strange to Sam.  Dean had to realize that he was essentially ‘playing house’ with Cas right now.  If Dean thought of it that way, he certainly didn’t seem to care and Sam had to give his brother some credit.  He was doing a decent job of not behaving like an asshole in light of this new… facet of his personality.  It seemed like Dean was really making an effort to take this whole new relationship thing with Castiel in stride.  Since it had clearly embarrassed Dean, Sam had expected lots of yelling from upstairs after the ‘lube incident,’ but he hadn’t heard anything.  Dean had evidently let his embarrassment subside and kept his anger in check.  Either that or he had learned to yell quietly.
“Great, Sam.  That’s all fucking great,” Dean said bitterly, before he left Sam standing alone inside.
Dean pulled Castiel’s naked body closer to him, spooning the angel with his cock pressed up against Castiel’s firm ass.  Castiel tilted his head back and Dean kissed him.
Dean was afraid to keep hoping though.  It seemed like they were on track to make it back to Kansas in time for the eclipse they needed, but Dean was worried something might go wrong.  He had told Castiel the truth when he said he couldn’t lose anyone else—Ben, Lisa, Sam, and then he
Ever since he first saw Dr. Sexy and the beautiful employees of Seattle Mercy Hospital in their scrubs and clean, white coats, Dean knew he had a medical fetish.  There’s just something about the idea of playing doctor in a sterile environment.  One person vulnerable while an authority figure expertly examines every inch of their body.   The doctor roleplaying porn he’s watched is always insanely hot.
Dean doesn’t let it go on for long because the way Cas is insistently licking between his fingers and sucking like there’s no tomorrow is giving him ideas and he doesn’t want to stray too far from his original plan.  Cas isn’t going to be the one calling the shots today. Oh no.  Dean has other plans. So he grabs the first thing he sees after yanking his fingers out of Cas’s hot mouth, forcing himself back into Professional Doctor mode. When Dean tests Cas’s reflexes with the little rubber hammer, Cas seems surprised at the result, but it’s enough to get the exam back on track.
Castiel joined the brothers, clapping a hand on Dean’s shoulder as he claimed the barstool on Dean’s other side.
Grabbing at Dean’s hair and back, Castiel strained his neck upwards and pulled at him, wanting to kiss Dean again.  Dean chuckled at the unspoken demand, gliding his hands down Castiel’s chest and stomach, tracing his hip bones with his fingers.
“See, was that so hard?” Dean scoffs, mainly to buy himself some time to deal with this landmine of new information.
What the fuck.  Apart from whatever had happened between Sam and Castiel, as far as Dean knew the angel’s only other sexual experience was kissing a demon with surprising enthusiasm and watching a few minutes of porn that Dean had turned off before it even got to the good stuff.  After all, Castiel had confessed to being a virgin and had seemed somewhat terrified when Dean tried to get him laid.
“No, man.  Breakfast sounds great,” Dean said, standing up and walking over.   “I was just surprised.”
It hadn’t crossed Dean’s mind that, maybe, Sam and Castiel shouldn’t be sitting together, but it occurred to him when he noticed Sam’s cautious behavior.  Once or twice Sam started to stretch out his long arms, but then promptly pulled the one in between himself and Castiel back behind his head, like he had been afraid to get too close.  When Sam would restlessly try to get comfortable, Dean spotted him darting a look at Castiel before slowly stilling.  From what Dean could see, Castiel didn’t react at all and Dean thought Sam must have just been acting extra sensitive, trying not to bother Castiel.  He was a good kid.  Thankfully, the car was wide and there was room for space between the two of them.
“Dammit,” Dean said, looking disbelievingly at the clock.  Somehow he had been making out with Cas for over an hour.  Scrambling out from under Castiel, Dean kissed him quickly one last time before he began tearing his clothes off.
“So… good, then?” Sam confirmed, trying not to feel weirdly jealous of the praise Dean was receiving from an angel.   Clearly, Cas had it bad when it came to Dean.
Castiel walked closer and spoke slowly, choosing his words carefully, willing Dean to see the truth.
Cas grips the sides of the table and Dean drinks in the sight of him. A flush rises across his chest, sneaking upwards towards his neck which stretches beautifully long, throat bobbing obvious with the way Cas has his head tipped back against the paper. With his legs spread obscenely wide, his cock and balls are perfectly displayed, the former hard and red against his stomach and starting to drip onto himself.  Dean drives his fingers in harder, captivated by the view of them disappearing into Cas. His hole shiny with lube and temptingly pink where the rim stretches around Dean’s gloved fingers.
A moment later, Castiel ceased his fidgiting and lifted his eyes to meet Dean’s and though he was looking distressed and confused, he seemed willing to listen.  That was all Dean could hope for at the moment.  He tried to think of the best way to approach this shitstorm.
“I liked it immensely, Dean, and perhaps that was what troubled me.”  Castiel noticed that Dean looked relieved at this information.
“I, uh, I need to know about you and—and Cas.  What, uh, happened between the two of you that night.”
Faintly, Dean recognized that maybe he should halt things and whisk Castiel upstairs to the privacy of their room, but then Castiel was experimentally grinding his hips downward and Dean couldn’t have resisted that, even if he had taken an oath of celibacy—not that he would ever do something so insane.
When Dean woke up a few hours later, he knew he was in a motel.  The motels always felt the same.  There was a warm body tucked closely beside him and it only took Dean a moment to remember it was Castiel, who seemed to still be resting.  Dean tried to crane his neck around so he could peer down at Castiel’s eyes to be sure.  He couldn’t quite see, but Dean thought he must be right.  Normally if Castiel’s eyes were open, they’d be pointed in Dean’s direction.
Even Dean felt like that one stung a bit.  If he hadn’t been so mad at Castiel himself, he might have thought it was unfair.  Then Sam was asking if Castiel brought him back soulless on purpose and damn it, that was a horrifying thought.  At least Castiel seemed appropriately appalled at the suggestion.
Cas arranges himself on his side, bringing one knee up to his chest at Dean’s direction and putting his backside on display.  Dean takes the opportunity to palm himself through his jeans.  It’s getting uncomfortable in there and Cas wiggling his ass right where Dean wants it doesn't make things any better.
It was another stab wound, a deep one and kind of wide looking.  Dean definitely wanted to stitch this one.  Grabbing at one of the wet unused towels, Dean tried to touch it tenderly so he could begin cleaning it.  Evidently he wasn’t gentle enough, because Castiel’s leg spasmed and he made a move like he was going to sit up before dropping back on the pillow with a groan.
“You were never broken, Cas.  Just hurt,” Dean said, as he laid a hand on his friend’s shoulder.  “And I know it’s not your fault.  I didn’t mean it was, I just want to fix things between you two and I don’t know how.  Pisses me off, not having a solution.”
“Don’t bother, I’ve been tying demons and monsters up for years. My life depended on those knots. You won’t be able to get free.”
“Damnit, Cas, I’m a doctor, not a popsicle,” Dean scolds as he pulls his dick away from Cas and his eager tongue, wishing, not for the first time, that Cas had seen Star Trek.
Dean felt a panic well up inside him.  He stopped what he was doing and sighed, looking at Castiel on the floor.
Dean was sorely tempted to walk away, but he knew he hated it when Castiel took off before the conversation was properly over, so he forced himself to stay.
In order to accompany Dean, Castiel had removed his tie, jacket, and coat, thinking he would be more comfortable in his clothing instead of borrowing from Dean.  Bobby made him wear a baseball cap, as well, and Sam held out a pair of glasses to Castiel, but Castiel couldn’t look at Sam or take them from the hunter.  Dean grabbed them out of Sam’s hand, looking skeptical.
Bobby had a lead on how to kill the Mother of All, but the ingredients would be hard to come by.  They needed phoenix ashes.  The only place they could be certain to find ashes from a phoenix was actually also a specific time, Sunrise, Wyoming, March 5, 1861.  Samuel Colt’s diary mentioned killing a phoenix there.  Dean couldn’t help but feel gleeful when the idea occurred to him.  He hadn’t been crazy about time travel before, but Wild West time travel was definitely more his style.  For the most part, Dean wasn’t even that nervous to pray to Castiel for help.  Dean always said his prayers with a lot more playful teasing when Sam was around since he felt awkward, but he tacked a ‘please’ onto the end just in case Castiel was still upset with him and because Dean really wanted him to agree to it.
It seemed like it had been a long time since Dean’s warm body was pressed against him.  Castiel was moving his hands over the expanse of Dean’s back, caressing the supple skin and fluid muscles.  Blocking out external stimuli, Castiel tried to focus exclusively on Dean as the hunter caught his arm and pressed kisses to his hand and fingers before starting a path along his arm.
“Because of me. Yeah,” Dean has to turn away and pinch the bridge of his nose with a tired chuckle.  “You gotta be kidding me.”  What did that even mean?  Dean thought of their kiss and Castiel trying to talk about his feelings, while Dean shut him down.  Everything was so messed up.
Shutting the door, he tries to collect himself.  When Cas returns his hands to his lap the fabric creeps further up his thigh, revealing additional inches of soft, warm skin.  He looks kind of vulnerable with his legs and arms bare and with the way his feet dangle above the floor.  Dean clears his throat.
“I’m not. I just…it’s nothing, man.  Let’s sleep.”  Dean rolled onto his back, staring up at the shadowed ceiling.  He tucked a hand under his head trying to get comfortable.
Sam thought he saw Castiel flinch slightly at the words.  Death couldn’t know that some of the figures Castiel had targeted were rapists, could he?  The choice of words had to be a coincidence—Death didn’t know what Sam had done.  Sam resisted the impulse to take a step back as the two powerhouses glared at each other.  Death was unflappably calm as Castiel replied.
“I won’t lie, Dean.  I don’t want this to be a secret.  We’ve had too many secrets, they only caused trouble.”
By the time Sam had sat next to Bobby, Castiel was feeling marginally calmer.  This Sam meant him no harm.  He was just eating a banana and stealing a portion of the paper from Bobby.  Castiel kept his eyes downcast, not feeling particularly inclined to look at either of them.
Dean was in shambles. He simultaneously wanted to comfort Castiel, who was looking pathetic and despairing, and to throttle him for this whole fucking mess.
“Dean, I…” Castiel turned his head slowly towards Dean.  “When I was… bad… and I had all those things—the…the Leviathans…writhing inside of me.  I caused a lot of suffering on earth, but I devastated heaven.  I vaporized thousands of my own kind, and I – I – I can’t go back.”  He shook his head.
That bastard, letting all his long pauses confuse Dean while he was drunk.  Dean stepped closer to Castiel.
Dean was on his feet and quickly closing the distance between himself and Castiel before he even realized that he had decided to go with the impulse.  Castiel’s eyes widened a little as Dean drew near and Dean belatedly realized he had never really hugged Castiel before. Maybe he wouldn’t want that.  But Castiel stood still and passively let Dean hug him.  Dean thought Castiel felt tense, and he patted his back roughly with one hand saying, “Cas, I’m glad you came.  It’s good to see you.”
Dean thought he saw a flicker of fear in Castiel’s eyes.  He watched as the angel licked his lips, his eyes darting away from Dean’s for a moment before he said, “I am healing, just slowly.  The burns are from fire created with holy oil.  It's preventing me from healing like normal, but I believe once the burns heal, the rest of the wounds will be able to as well.”
Dean had been thinking about Castiel most of the day already.  It seemed like nothing short of a miracle that the angel was sitting here next to him, after almost dying and everything else that had gone wrong recently.  And now Castiel had a plan to keep Sammy sane and Dean was feeling surprisingly pleased with the turn of events.  Things were far from perfect, but that was plenty normal for Dean, who usually had to settle for things-aren’t-too-shitty-right-now periods of time, interspersed with frequent we’re-all-fucked-and-going-to-die moments.  All things considered, it had been going great since Castiel ditched those souls.
The expression on Castiel’s face was pained and Dean couldn’t quite understand why.  Castiel was still looking glum when he finally said, quietly, “You’re a good friend, Dean.”
Castiel clenched his thighs and Dean gave a little moan at the tightening, moving faster and knocking Castiel further into his hand.
Castiel removed his fingers and thoughtfully added more lube, coating Dean and then himself.  Dean could feel Castiel shifting and then the press of his cock at his entrance.  Ever so slowly, the angel slid into Dean, sinking further into the tight heat.  There was a faint burn, but it was fleeting.  Dean had never felt so full and he moaned when Castiel was fully inside.  Panting slightly, Dean waited, but Castiel didn't move, he just held Dean against him, kissing his shoulder.
Evidently Dean had been lost in thought, because he looked around at Sam like he had forgotten he was there.
White light came pouring out of Castiel’s chest and rushed towards the portal.  Dean shielded his eyes at first, before he realized he didn’t have to.  The light was bright, but not in the same way an angel’s grace was.  The unending stream of light continued to rush from Castiel and disappeared into the howling darkness.  Soon the bright light of the souls bled into gray and then quickly black.  The black seemed more like a liquid to Dean than anything else, but it slipped forward into the hole the same as the light had.
“Yeah, I got that, Cas.  I still think it’s good we stopped.  We’re not in any rush, shit like this might happen and you don’t have to ignore it.  I’ll try to be more careful cause it was totally my fault,”  Dean concluded.
Before Dean could object to Bobby’s attempt to give them privacy, the older hunter was walking away and out of the room.  Dean felt Castiel still watching him.  They were alone.  Dean let out a big sigh and turned to face his friend.
This wasn’t his brother.  Words failed Dean and he brought his hand up to cover his mouth as he shook his head at the man before him.  All this time he had been driving around with a monster.  He
Everything looked a bit big on Castiel, but not by too much.  Dean had given him a pair of dark grey sweatpants, a faded black t-shirt and a long-sleeved, greenish, plaid button-down.  Castiel was self-consciously adjusting the outer shirt, but he left it unbuttoned.  Without all the bulky layers, Castiel seemed a bit diminished in appearance and pulling a shirt over his head had mussed his hair, but overall Dean found it was a good look for the angel.
Castiel’s worsening condition worried him and Dean couldn’t help glancing in the rear view mirror every thirty seconds to make sure Castiel was okay.  The angel hadn’t said much at all while they drove.  He would either slouch forward, gazing down at his hands in his lap or lean slumped against the door with his head resting on the widow.  Though Castiel never shut his eyes, Dean was thankful that he didn’t look up at the mirror or else he would have definitely noticed Dean’s staring.  Sam caught him a few times.
Dean felt like the negotiator in a hostage situation, carefully keeping things from turning to shit.
“Oh, and Sam doesn’t remember.  He didn’t remember anything that happened since Stull Cemetery.  He didn’t even know you and Bobby were alive when he first woke up.  That’s why he was asking you all those questions the other day.”
Turning back around, Dean saw that Castiel had sat up as well and that the angel had quickly looked away when Dean was once again facing him.  Dean had a sneaking suspicion that Castiel had been watching him change.  It was hard to say if Dean was more embarrassed or amused by the attention and he resisted spouting some cheesy line about asking Cas if he liked what he saw, because
When Sam entered the kitchen, he was more than a little surprised to see that Dean and Cas were standing together at the small stove cooking breakfast, while Bobby sipped his coffee and read at the table.  Though, it would be more accurate to say that Dean was cooking pancakes, eggs and bacon, while Castiel watched attentively.
Dean could see the hurt and anger in Sam’s eyes, he could hear it in his voice as he tried to grapple with something unthinkable he had done.
Dean shifted into a sitting position.  “Look, Cas, this thing with Sam, sometimes you might backslide and freak out a bit.  When people go through traumatic events, it’s not that unusal to be upset when something reminds you of what happened.  You said earlier that you’re not used to this mess of emotions.  It’s a lot to handle for anyone, but since it’s all new to you, I’m sure it might be worse.”
Dean didn’t seem to realize that Castiel knew, that he had painstakingly restored him and cradled his soul through the bowels of hell, that he was intimately acquainted with every aspect of Dean’s psyche.  It had never been pertinent to reveal this knowledge to Dean previously.  When Castiel had pulled him from Hell, John was already dead and they had the pressing issue of the impending Apocalypse to deal with.
The angel didn't respond.  His eyes drifted from Sam’s to where the door was open, revealing the room.
Resisting and turning his head from side to side only caused the tip of Sam’s cock to drag across Castiel’s lips and face. Sam pulled on the belt slack, wrapping it around his hand and watching as the belt constricted against the angel’s neck. Castiel struggled to breathe and after a moment he couldn’t help but let his mouth fall open as he desperately tried to force air into his lungs. Taking advantage of the opportunity, Sam curled his fingers into the angel’s mouth, holding his jaw open and giving Castiel some slack so he could gulp in air around Sam’s fingers.
Bobby and Sam were seated at the kitchen table without a knife in sight.  Thankfully, Sam had changed and he looked drastically different since he was wearing the long nylon shorts he usually ran in and a sleeveless shirt.  Clearly, Sam must not have even realized what the problem had been with his outfit, since, to be safe, he picked out clothes that Castiel had probably never seen him wear before.  Sam was bouncing his leg restlessly, looking anxious.
That certainly wasn’t true.  It was definitely intentional when Dean kissed people while drinking too much, but those people were always of the female persuasion.  This weird mistake was the only exception in that respect, but Castiel didn’t need to know that.  Dean wasn’t quite sure how he had let this happen.
“Cas?  I’m gonna move closer to you,” Dean cautioned, before slowly sliding across the bed so that he could sit on the edge, opposite from Castiel.  A moment later, Castiel was dragging his hand down his face as he finally looked at Dean.  The angel seemed pale, but he was no longer shaky or eyeing Dean with alarm.
“I thought of things with Sam, but only for a moment.  Then I knew I was with you.  I knew you couldn’t hurt me, but I was… irritated that I lost control.”  Castiel looked back at him.  “I wanted to continue things with you.”
The next time Dean saw Castiel, he was, thankfully, looking like himself again.  It was such a relief to Dean to see Castiel the way he always was, the powerful, holy tax accountant, angel of the Lord.  Dean never wanted to see him looking so hurt and vulnerable again.
Castiel made a soft noise and Dean froze, fingers still buried inside him.  He waited, but there was no other response from the sleeping man and Dean cautiously continued, plunging his fingers slow and deep.  He loved watching their exit, the way the rim dragged over them and how, if he removed his fingers all the way, he could see Castiel's rosy entrance gape and flutter.
I should be continuing with regular updates,  the story is almost done writing wise.  There will be at least 15 chapters.  And things still suck, but better times are on the way, so thanks for sticking with it!  Please let me know what you think!
Dean intended to say more, but his throat felt tight and he couldn’t force the words out.  The whole drive he had already been thinking about the horrors Cas might be going through.  He didn’t want to see it in person, didn’t want to see someone who looked like his brother hurting his friend, but nothing was going to stop him from storming in there and kicking ass.
Quickly, Dean retrieved the lube and coated himself with it.  Resuming his position behind Castiel, Dean adjusted himself so he was just below his ass.  He pushed forward in between Castiel’s thighs so his cock was brushing along his perenium and balls.  It felt so warm and smooth and Dean pressed his hand to Castiel’s outer thigh so it’d be tighter as he thrust forward.  Dean gripped Castiel finally, finding the angel rock hard in his hand.  Castiel tried to move in Dean’s hand, but it was messing up Dean’s rhythm, so he held one of the angel’s hips firmly and crushed Castiel into the wall while jerking him and sliding between his slick, soft flesh.
Dean regretted that reference.  With his suspicions about what might have happened, he shouldn’t casually be mentioning sex, even as a character’s name, because Castiel wouldn’t get it and he didn’t want to scare him away.
Despite warnings from not only Crowley and Meg, but also Castiel that it was best not to return Sam’s soul, Dean couldn’t give up on his brother. It was his job to protect his brother, but Sam just wasn’t the same without his soul and Dean was nothing if not determined. After Castiel smoked Crowley, Dean was single-minded in his focus to find a different way to rescue Sam’s soul.
have said was too freaking disturbing.  Dean said he loved shit sometimes, like pie and his car, but he had never heard Castiel use that word to express his feelings before.  It was unnerving and Dean found himself shifting so that there was some space between the two of them.  He pulled his hand away from Castiel’s and left it resting on his waist instead.
Dean found himself worrying about what to say to Castiel the next time he saw him, but he didn’t have to worry much because Castiel was too busy saving Dean and Sam from Fate.  And then that had all been some weird, lost-time-line dream.  Which, thank goodness for that. Maybe it meant they could all ignore Balthazar’s comment about Cas being in love with him.  Dumb British bastard, where was he getting his info from—was this thing with Cas obvious to everyone but him?
Sam started to ask about disposing of the body, but Castiel interrupted to point out that the fae was already fading, unable to will himself to stay visible in their realm.  Both hunters watched in silence as the ghancanagh disappeared from view.
Sam and Bobby both looked around at him and Castiel tried to compose himself, tightening his grip to anchor himself in the present.  He didn’t mean to crack Bobby’s table.
They sat together for a while and Dean wasn’t waiting for anything in particular, he was just enjoying being there next to Castiel, but eventually his friend said he felt ready to go back inside.  Dean texted ahead telling Sam to change his clothes, no questions asked, and a few minutes later they went back into the house.
“Just, like, things that might upset him.  Like those clothes you threw away, the knives, your knife in particular, I guess.  I saw he was tied up, so I got that.  I know he doesn’t, ah, like if I pull too much at his tie.  And, uh, that whole, um, thing last night.  Cas didn’t understand why I bought it, since evidently you, uh, used it too.  He wasn’t sure what it meant.”
“You’re slipping, Dean.  You need to handle these cases on your own.  You can’t rely on others to save your ass.  Like last week, that was fucking sloppy work with that spirit.  You’re gonna have to do better if you want to keep your brother alive and help people.  Hunting leaves no room for mistakes.  You fuck up and people die,” John said, jabbing a finger in Dean’s chest.
Since Dean was pointedly ignoring Castiel, Sam found himself hesitantly helping the angel to the car a few minutes later.  He tried to grip Castiel carefully and respectfully tried to keep some distance between them while helping him, but Castiel didn’t seem too bothered by Sam’s touch.  The effort of walking to the car seemed to exhaust Castiel, but before Sam could shut the door on him, the angel was calling to him.
Since Dean continued eating too quickly, Sam sat down to eat his own burrito. They ate and drank in silence for a few minutes.
While he was laying next to Dean, Castiel turned over the problem of Sam in his mind, examining it from different angles.  There was no fast and easy way to address the issue.  That much was certain.  Listening to Dean’s even breathing as he slept ushered Castiel’s thoughts along.  Sam and Dean had similar principles and Castiel found himself wondering how he might have convinced Dean to stay if the brother’s positions were reversed.
Between Sam and Cas and his poor, wrecked Baby, Dean felt more pissed and overwhelmed than usual.   It was difficult to haul his gigantor brother outside and into the car Sam had brought, but somehow he and Bobby managed it.  Now they just had to get back to Sioux Falls and figure out what to do about the crap-fest that was Dean Winchester’s life.
Castiel felt a glimmer of apprehension creeping through him.  It was true that Crowley knew Sam had no soul once, but why was the demon mentioning him now?  Castiel said nothing in response and tried to keep his face impassive.
Bobby read the incantation and most of the glass in the room shattered.  Perhaps Death liked to make an entrance.  When he finally appeared to them, Death was unamused at being bound.  Thankfully, Dean took the lead on the conversation, what with him and Death being such good buddies.  He was disinterested in Dean’s fried pickle chips though, knowing they were meant as a bribe, but Death didn’t know why they had bound him.  His first guess was not one Sam wanted to hear.
Dean was barely awake, rolling towards Castiel in bed when he realized the angel wasn’t there.  Opening his eyes, Dean squinted at the illuminated clock and identified the sound that woke him up as the shower.  It was late and Dean felt confused.  He glanced at the other bed, wondering why Sam would be showering in the middle of the night.  The bed was unoccupied and undisturbed, still neatly made, and Dean sat up feeling more awake.  Sam wasn’t here.  Cas was, but what would he be doing with the shower on.
Castiel glared at Sam and tried fruitlessly to angle his face and neck away from Sam’s searching tongue.  Neither of them heard the bathroom door ease slowly open.
Then his phone was ringing.  It took Castiel a moment to remember that he had it on him.  He glanced at Crowley as he pulled it from his pocket, but before he could answer the call the phone flew from his hand and into Crowley’s outstretched one.  He answered it with a smirk and a singsong voice.
“No. Not necessary.”  Castiel replied, catching hold of both his wrists and squeezing Dean without halting his movements.
Sam thought it might have been kinder to let them forget, but he already couldn’t remember more than a year of his life, so he was happy to be kept in the loop.  Still, he had to ask, “Why?”
Castiel had moved so he was sitting up a bit, leaning against the headboard, with his arms across his chest holding his elbows in his hands.  He watched Dean closely, not wanting to let him out of his sight.  Since Dean wasn’t fully dressed, Castiel suspected he must have heard them from the shower. His hair was still wet and he was in boxers and a t-shirt again.  He hadn’t shaved.
“What?  Of course, I liked Cas.  He was our friend.  We both liked him.  I mean, he was a nerdy weirdo, like you, but he was good to have around.”
Sam took the beer, popcorn, and movies to Dean’s room and when he got no immediate answer after knocking, he realized that maybe he should have texted Dean a heads-up that he was coming over.  Deliberating between knocking again and walking away, Sam was saved from making a decision when Dean yanked the door open, while running a hand through his hair.  Dean gave Sam a lopsided grin and leaned on the doorframe.
“You’re ditching me for busy work?”  Dean demanded, looking between the two of them.  Sam shrugged.  It was news to him, but he couldn’t deny the appeal.  Arriving home instantly sure beat out being crammed into the back of the Impala, bored to tears all day.
Focusing again on Castiel’s injuries, Dean examined the head wound and thought it might be best to do it up with a couple of stitches, but the supplies for that were in the Impala.  He’d have to call Sam and tell him to get his ass back here.
Sam acted like he didn’t care when Dean broke the news and Dean relaxed somewhat.  Maybe Sam was right, it wasn’t that strange.  They used to always share a room and Cas wasn’t gonna take up time in the bathroom or anything.  It’d kind of be like just the two of them since Cas didn’t really count… except for how he’d be in bed next to Dean.  Sighing, Dean pulled clothes and toiletries from his duffle bag and made for the bathroom since Sam was checking their hex bags.  Castiel was sitting stiffly in one of the kitchenette chairs and Dean dropped sweats and a t-shirt into his lap, before shutting himself in the bathroom.  There was no way they’d be just sleeping in boxers tonight.
Bobby headed for the cellar and Dean couldn’t resist one last dig, “Maybe put the knives away, huh, Dexter?”
“That’s actually not uncommon at your age,” Dean smirks, proud of himself for stringing together a cohesive sentence.  “Now lie on your side, I need to take your temperature.”
Castiel was looking down contritely, and Sam saw Bobby roll his eyes before he gruffly said, “Good.  Be ready to go in five.”  Bobby left the kitchen and Sam could hear him moving around his desk and bookcases, gathering anything they might need.
All the fear was warranted.  Castiel was so much more powerful than he had been.  With a snap of his fingers he blew Raphael, an archangel, into oblivion the same way Dean had watched a Sam, possessed by Lucifer, do the same thing to Castiel.  Dean was gaping at Castiel, disbelieving and unable to close his mouth.  They were screwed if Castiel still wanted to be mad at them and in some ways Castiel had been right, maybe deserved to be mad—his plan had worked after all.
Castiel dipped his head to look at a blue ‘shirt’ that had I LOVE MY HUMAN written on it.  This only led to more questions.  Were dogs the ones picking out the clothes?  It was certainly curious that humans chose to anthropomorphize animals.
The bed creaking, the flump of the mattress and smack of skin seemed louder without Dean running his mouth.  Dean’s liberated hands had gone straight to Castiel’s ass, grabbing handfuls and spreading his cheeks as he helped Castiel maintain the tempo and raised his hips to meet him.  When Dean traced his finger along Castiel’s stretched rim, it was too much for Castiel who cursed against Dean’s lips.
Day to day Dean didn’t give a shit what anyone thought. He always did what he wanted, consequences be damned.  Maybe he could try to handle this situation in the same way.
Normally Dean didn’t hold hugs for long, but Castiel hadn’t hugged him back, and Dean thought maybe he needed a little time to realize he should be participating.  This didn’t seem to occur to Castiel however and Dean could tell the angel was still tense.  The hug suddenly felt extremely awkward and Dean hastily let go, clapping Castiel on the shoulder in an attempt to save the situation.  Dean suddenly felt desperate to say something else to fill the silence.  Castiel had only just gotten there and already Dean was embarrassed.  He felt annoyed that he was blushing.
“You move, Dean.  You can move,” Castiel pleaded, gliding his hands down Dean’s back and leaving them just above his ass.
Dean wasn’t shy about clapping Castiel on the shoulder or throwing an arm briefly around his neck either and that wasn’t too unusual.  It was something he might do to Bobby or Sam if he were in a good mood.  Although, more than once in the car, after they’d been driving for a while, Dean would throw his arm across the back of the seat (which was normal for him) but then he’d start trailing fingers through Castiel’s hair or along his neck like Sam was blind.  Similarly, when they’d be sitting at a table and Dean had either not started or already finished eating and drinking, the hand next to Castiel would disappear.  He didn’t know if they were holding hands or grasping legs or what, but it amused Sam to no end—if Dean thought he was being discrete he was sorely mistaken.
Pulling up Netflix, Dean started clicking through shows recommended according to Castiel’s preferences, wondering aloud which might be most worthwhile to watch.  Not sure he could stand more reconciliatory efforts, Castiel excused himself.  Ignoring Dean’s hurt expression, he dumped out the tea and retreated to his room.  They could be roommates without being friends.
“Oh, I’m basically Sam,” the fake assured him.  “And I’ve been Dean too.  I know all about the lies he tells you so that you’ll let him fuck you.  Sam may have been first, but Dean’s going for frequency.”
This time Dean could hear the roughness in Castiel’s voice when he spoke.  He sounded terrible, his voice was always low, but it sounded like he had been sick for days and Dean felt an urge to make him a cup of tea or something.  He did the next best thing and retrieved a bottle of water from the fridge.  Castiel could probably have managed to drink on his own, but Dean found himself cradling his head upwards as he tipped the bottle to his lips.  After a few sips, Castiel gulped too much and coughed weakly and damn, he just seemed so pathetic.  Of course, to be fair, Dean knew the angel didn’t spend much time practicing how to drink things.  It was so strange that he needed it at all, but Castiel seemed grateful to have it.
Castiel had never experienced intimacy with any other being before, but with Dean it was what he imagined true family to be like.  It was at once familiar friendship and affection.  Their intimacy was now physical, as well, and despite his previous feelings on the matter, Castiel was hopeful that the carnal exploits could continue.
“It would be superfluous,” Castiel stated seriously, attentively focused on some sort of large beetle.
They were nearly at their destination.  Dean was eager to get to work and determine what exactly they might be dealing with if anything.  He knew their first stop would be the police station to check out the surveillance footage from the liquor store.  If a shapeshifter was caught on camera then its eyes should be a dead giveaway.
Dean looked fondly across the seat at Castiel who was gazing contentedly out the window.  He couldn’t stop the genuine grin that crept onto his face.  It was a little ridiculous how much the sight of the angel filled Dean with warmth and a serenity he had never known.  After Lisa, Dean had never wanted to try for something permanent again.  He didn’t think he could have something so positive and good in his life.  Relationships didn’t often end well for hunters, but Castiel was someone who knew the truth of Dean’s life and he wasn’t afraid.  He wanted to be there, fighting at Dean’s side and sharing a bed every night. It was more than Dean had ever allowed himself to hope for.
in holy fire—all mistakes and Castiel couldn’t handle any more.  So he assured himself he was right about purgatory.  He had to be.  He was done with doubt.
Trapped between the door and the angel, Dean finally registered what was happening and decided he approved.  Castiel kissed Dean ferociously, leaning into him heavily and grabbing at Dean’s ass, hips, and back as he crushed them together.  Dean thought it was safe to assume that Castiel was still a little wound up from their exchange with the assholes at the bar.  Adrenaline had been coursing through Dean as well, but the chill of the night air had abated it somewhat.
Dean meant it, but still felt apprehensive. He couldn’t be certain how Castiel would react.  The angel wasn’t acting like himself.
In the silence, Castiel continued to glare at John as the older hunter evaluated him.  Sam opened the door, halting at the threshold with bags of food in his hands.
“Yeah, yeah. I’m pretty good, Sam’s not having any difficulties, so fingers crossed there…” Dean trailed off.  He couldn’t let Castiel answer that one question and call it quits.
got those when Dean made them and Dean had never heard the angel attempt one of his own before.  Plus, Bobby had made the exact same comment earlier that day.  No, no, it was too damn coincidental and Dean’s mind whirled with the implications of what that could mean.
Upon entering the water, Castiel had wandered a step or two past Dean.  So, while Cas studied the water, Dean studied Castiel’s profile.  The angel’s easy fascination with every simple thing at the lake had Dean considering what else they might be able to do for fun.  Dean was willing to bet that this was the first time Castiel had been in a body of water, at least in human form.
Dean was calling him from the next aisle and he turned from the shelves when Castiel approached.  There were two plastic bottles in Dean’s hand and he shook them playfully at Castiel before winking and dropping them into the basket that was piled precariously high.
“Dean, I can’t.  I just finished getting ready,” Castiel objected even as he swiveled his head to give Dean more room.
Sam saw Bobby turn his head in their direction briefly, but he didn’t object and Sam knew he had heard him.
“I’d have died for you.  Almost did a couple of times.  So, if that means anything to you…please.  I’ve lost Lisa, I’ve lost Ben, and now I’ve lost Sam.  Don’t make me lose you too.”
“I  wouldn’t know, but I hope not.  That was unpleasant,” Castiel said unhappily, keeping a hand on Dean’s arm as they moved cautiously towards the shore line.
It was half past five and there was a good chance Dean could be up by now, so Sam decided to win some brownie points by picking up breakfast.  He got coffee, some breakfast burritos, and even a doughnut for his brother’s sweet tooth.  As he started up the Impala, his phone rang. Dean. Annoyed, he considered not answering, but that would be sure to piss his brother off. They always tried to answer if possible.
A bit later Dean wandered into the kitchen thinking of having dessert, something sweet.  He did a double take as he rounded the corner and caught Castiel completely naked in the kitchen.  Castiel’s back was to him as he stood at the sink, downing a glass of water.
The store Dean took Castiel to was colossal, a ‘super-center,’ and not the sort of store Dean went to when he and Sam were on the road.  Dean said they sold everything they needed and Castiel followed Dean around, amazed at all the products, holding the basket Dean had given him.  Castiel fiddled with the brim of his hat, not appreciating the way it obscured part of his field of vision, as Dean piled the basket with food and toilitries.
“I personally found them entertaining, but He was concerned they’d chomp the entire petri dish, so He locked them away.  Why do you think He created purgatory?  To keep those clever, poisonous things out.  Now Castiel has swallowed them.  He’s the one thin membrane between the old ones and your home.”
“Shit, Cas. I didn’t think that—I didn’t mean to upset you.  I was just messing around.  You okay, man?” Dean was leaning away from Castiel, but he was still straddling his lap.  He felt like he should get off, but he was hesitant to move at all.
Dean grunted as he stroked himself through his orgasm, finally releasing Castiel and dropping against him heavily, as his cock spurted one last time.  While resting against Castiel’s chest and catching his breath, Dean felt the angel move his arms to encircle him in a loose hug.  Castiel kissed Dean’s forehead and grazed his hand lazily across Dean’s sweaty back.
Then he’s back to business, knocking Cas’s hand out of the way so he can dole out a proper handjob while he plows into him methodically. Cas grabs at the paper on either side of him, it crinkles and then tears under his jerky grasp. Dean keeps at it, and soon Cas is gone, spilling cum all over Dean’s fist and his own chest. Dean strokes him through it until Cas is shaky and batting his hand away. He takes that as his cue to grab onto Cas and drill him good.  Like he 's a doctor of dentistry.
Despite his anger, part of him had already started to forgive Castiel.  He wanted to so badly.  Dean thought of how upset Sam had been with him for not telling him what he had done to Castiel.  Begrudgingly, he thought Sam was probably right.  Dean had been too concerned about Sam and not supportive enough of Castiel.  It certainly hadn’t been Dean’s intention to leave Castiel in the lurch, but he had.  He had been too wrapped up in his own panic over kissing Castiel, to man up and deal with the problems.
“I see. Well, still, I shouldn’t have responded. I should have realized something was wrong,” Cas says and Dean hesitates, but then plunges recklessly forward because Cas
Returning to his friend on the bed, it occurred to Dean that Castiel could probably use a shower seeing all the blood and dirt on him and was that a fucking
Reaching towards Dean, Castiel slid an arm around the hunter’s waist, effectively hugging him.  It occurred to Dean that he should be worried Bobby and Sam could probably see them if they looked out the window, but Dean found it difficult to care.  Cas needed to be held and Dean was happy to oblige, so he wound both his arms around Castiel, pulling him close to his chest.
“You got hit in the head pretty hard.  I was able to fix your concussion but you might not be at 100% still.  With my powers the way they are…  Well, anyway, I hope it was enough that it doesn't hurt.  There shouldn’t be a scar. Oh, and we found the hex bag.”
By the time Dean had changed out of his jeans and into the same shirt he slept in the night before, Castiel had switched the station to some nature program.  It was about bugs. What a dork.  Dean tossed Castiel the outfit he had lent him for sleeping.
“So, you’ll stay?  You aren’t gonna ditch me in the motel for better digs in heaven?”  Dean tried to hide his apprehension.
If Sam had been capable of raping and hurting Castiel and trying to kill Bobby when he was without a soul, then it made sense that the souls of millions of monsters might warp Castiel in ways he couldn’t control.  Sam hadn’t wanted to do what he had done when he was soulless and he could only imagine that the same was true for Castiel, who was in a sort of opposite situation.   Castiel had evidently forgiven Sam without so much as an apology and even though it was Castiel’s own fault he was in this mess, Sam decided he could forgive Castiel too, for breaking the wall in his mind.  It was a last ditch effort, but Sam hoped his prayer might make a difference.
“I know, Sam.  It’s all right.  It wasn’t really the knife, well, that was what made it unbearable, but it was your clothes.  All day, you had them on and it’s exactly what you wore… before, on that night,” Castiel clarified.
Castiel didn’t. So Sam adjusted his hand on Castiel’s hair and instead gripped his head tightly, trying to dig his fingers into the bruised cut that had still been bleeding sluggishly. “Ahhh,” Castiel hissed, “
An evening a couple days after Dean’s apology, Castiel unlocked the door to the apartment to find Dean playing ping pong alone at the dining table, bouncing the ball against the wall, naked.  He spun around as Castiel shut the door, raising the paddle in greeting.  Castiel felt himself flush as he took in all the parts of Dean he’d never seen before, which was most of them.
Releasing Dean’s cock, Castiel held his gaze and brought his hand hesitantly to Dean’s mouth.  He brushed two fingers to Dean’s lips and the hunter hurridly licked at the tips.  Emboldened by Dean’s eager response, Castiel inched his fingers closer and Dean sucked both digits into his mouth, pressing his tongue against the pads and licking along the sides.
Castiel looked briefly away from Dean and down at his leg, then he tentatively laid his hand just above Dean’s knee.  Looking back at Dean, Castiel tried to reassure him.
“Yeah, yeah.  Okay, I deserve that, but I wasn’t making fun of you.  I was trying to make you laugh.  You haven’t smiled all week.”
Well, Sam had a thought of another experience Dean loved that he could share with the angel.  One that the three of them could use as a perfect excuse to hang out and relax.  He walked to the store nearby rather than bothering with the car to pick up a six-pack of beer and some microwave popcorn.  Sam was pretty sure that Dean still had some beer, but he wasn’t sure how much.  Though Sam had noticed the beer and liquor wasn’t disappearing as quickly as it normally did and he figured that Dean must have found alternative ways to waste time in the evening.
Castiel contemplated Dean, before saying, “So you often kiss people you don’t intend to when you drink too much?”
Surprisingly, Dean had fallen into a restless sleep, despite the hollowness in his chest and his roiling stomach.  Sleep was welcome—Dean didn’t want to think any more and he was so fucking tired—He just hoped Castiel’s despairing face and blatant lies wouldn’t haunt him.
“Don’t ask me.  I think, maybe, lonely people dress up their pets and pretend they’re people or something.  I dunno, man.  Just a weird thing.”
As glad as he was that Sam wasn’t sitting around staring at him, Dean still felt a little restless without his brother snoring beside him like normal.  Dean didn’t know where Sam went when he disappeared at night and he wasn’t entirely sure he wanted to know.  Usually, his brother wouldn’t have been very interested in the sort of places open this time of night.  It was just another way Sam wasn’t acting like himself.
The waiter appeared to refill their drinks and leave the bill.  They lingered at the table a bit longer, but eventually they got on the road.
While they were working the case, Dean couldn’t help but observe Sam and Castiel when they interacted.  He had been thinking about what Sam had said, how he had mentioned leaving since he didn’t want to hurt Cas.  Dean thought it must be exhausting to Sam, to be so constantly vigilant in regards to what he did or said around Castiel.  When he watched for it, he could pick-up on the way Sam was hesitant with his words and movements in front of the angel.  Dean tried to be mindful as well, but it wasn’t always a present thought and he was a lot less likely to upset Castiel.  There was no obvious solution that Dean could think of to fix crap between Cas and his brother.  The last thing Dean wanted was for Sam to take off, so he decided to bring it up to Castiel, hoping he might have some ideas on making things better between the two of them.
“I did.  Doesn’t mean I can’t be angry with him.  Don’t worry about it.  I’ll be out of your hair in the morning.”
That hadn’t been Dean’s original plan.  Normally he’d pack the long drive into one day, but they had been on a late schedule—late to bed, late getting up, late to get on the road.  He didn’t want to drive the last few hours to Sioux Falls today.  Castiel might leave once they got there, but he had agreed to drive with Dean, maybe that meant he would stay overnight if the drive took two days.
“All right, in the car, let’s hit the road,” Dean said, pleased to see Sam grabbing the handle to the back door.
“What the fuck!? Cas didn’t, no, he wasn’t—It’s not true, Sam.  Why would you say that?  Just drop it.”
“Thanks again for earlier, Cas.  You got there just in time,” Sam said, opening the door.  “I’d have been toast without you.”
The shower had definitely been a good idea.  Dean had an excuse to run his hands all over Castiel’s wet skin and in between washing themselves they had found time to kiss under the warm stream of water.  Once they were both dressed, Dean cleaned up the trash from his awesome breakfast.  He made the executive decision that it was late enough to rouse Sam and get on the road to Bobby’s.  His brother wasn’t happy with the early hour, but he agreed to be ready in 20 minutes.
Spoiler Alert for Season 7:  So my big anti-climatic change was Castiel was able to put everything back in purgatory, including the Leviathans.  I liked it because now Cas doesn't have to disappear for months, but I feel like it would still be easy to sneak those Leviathans out another way to keep that plot line.  Like maybe they come through the same giant hole Eve did.  Idk.  But if you skip that plot line Bobby lives (yay), but we don't meet Charlie (aw).  Although, she could have easily come in for some other case.  And someone besides Dick Roman could be digging up tablets.  I think Crowley just had the demon one all the sudden, so Kevin would still be around too.
It had never seemed like a good time to tell Dean about Crowley and the plan.  Eventually, Sam had demanded and even threatened that Castiel help them as they stormed Crowley’s stronghold and Castiel had been forced into theatrics, feigning Crowley’s death to keep them all from killing each other.  He didn’t care for the demon, but he had needed all the help he could get to succeed in his plan.  Souls were the only option to ultimately defeat Raphael and he needed Purgatory to get the souls.  So he had kept Crowley alive and hid the truth from the Winchesters.  It had seemed like a good idea at the time; they would hardly look for a demon they believed dead.
This includes a brief section of dialog from Season 8.  So I don't own that and I certainly don't own anything Supernatural related.  This story is solely written for entertainment, mainly my own.
The real issue was when they started packing up to head out.  Sam had fallen to the ground shaking, and hadn’t come to for a few minutes.  He told Dean it felt like a week in the cage to him.  They had high-tailed it out of there after that and Dean tried to get them started on a new case that wouldn’t bring back any memories for Sam.  It was way too dangerous to risk scratching at the wall like that.  Dean encouraged Sam to bury it all since forgetting was safer.
Though Dean had left Bobby’s in a bad mood, Sam could tell his brother was cooling off the further they drove.  By the time they had traveled a couple hundred miles with Dean’s music on and the windows down, Dean had calmed significantly.
“You like Dean kissing you, Cas?” Bobby asked directly, while Sam looked on in bewilderment, not sure the conversation could get any weirder.
They found the patient to be dead and the doctor to be missing.  Castiel and Bobby were going to cover for Sam and Dean while they went in to question the patient’s roommates.  Castiel admitted he was unpracticed with firearms and Dean jumped to call him a whiny baby.  Dean could embarrass people too, and he had always hated it when his dad had said it to him.
Unwilling to dwell on the irksome feelings any longer, Castiel went to the kitchen and waited there until morning.
Castiel spoke of Raphael and was defensive again—he had no choice, they didn’t understand, it was complicated and Dean just had to argue back.  He might have yelled.
Dean drank his beer in silence, content that his hands at least could be occupied, but then he realized Castiel was looking skyward even though they were inside.
Food sounded fantastic.  Dean thought he heard the bathroom door, so he started to close the door on Sam. “We’ll be out soon,” he rushed the goodbye and turned around to see Castiel was fully dressed, in his usual attire, which was now blood free.
“You’re my friend, Cas.  So, believe me, when I say it’s not your fault.  I wouldn’t lie to you about something this important.”
Resuming rubbing Castiel’s back, Dean could feel Castiel relaxing against him.  After some time, he spoke again.
Sam started fucking earnestly into Castiel’s mouth, picking up his pace a little and curling his fingers more tightly into the angel’s hair. Feeling himself getting close, Sam picked up the forgotten belt strap and tightened it once again as he thrust forcefully into Castiel’s mouth. The frantic movements, Castiel’s constricting throat, and desperate swallowing had Sam spilling into the back of the angel’s mouth with a shudder.
do anything.  Everyone was flirting successfully, but you.  Second, it was never a challenge for me, but yeah, I enjoyed my frequent successes.  And third, you just got lucky.  It happens sometimes.  Jen was into you, Tanya was into me, so… yeah,” Dean finished lamely, unsure of what his point had been.
Dean was just relieved that Castiel was so forgiving.  It was more than he deserved.  Feeling a surge of gratitude, Dean gripped Castiel tightly with his half asleep arm that was already curled around him and brought his other arm across to grab Castiel’s waist and hug him closer.  The reaction was instantaneous.
The sun was setting, so the inside of the car was bathed in light and shadow.  Dean cast a look at Castiel, glad to hear that maybe he got through to him a bit.  The angel was examining his hands lost in thought.
Dean reappeared with two coffees and he made Castiel hold one while Sam was on the phone.  They started walking towards Teresa Casey’s apartment since it was only a few blocks away.  Sam hung up and plucked the coffee from Castiel’s hand.
Castiel was forced to grit his teeth together as Sam brought his boot down heavily on his chest, forcing his injured shoulder blade against the floor, while crushing his nipple and ribs. Grimacing, Castiel managed not to groan aloud.
Distracted, Dean missed the panic in the angel’s eyes, but Sam didn’t. He smirked and said, “We should get his pants off, Dean. They’re bloody and dirty.”
Rolling out of bed, Dean requested an angelic clean-up, which Castiel fulfilled.  Dean pulled his boxer briefs back on and tossed Castiel’s to him in case he wanted them.  Hurriedly checking the locks, Dean turned off the lights.  Climbing back in bed, Dean pulled Castiel against him and yanked the sheets over their legs.  Castiel kissed him for a few lazy moments before tucking his head under Dean’s chin and getting comfortable.
“I don’t know. I’ve taken some pretty big fish,” Dean retorted, not intimidated by the angel before him.
Staring raptly at Dean, Castiel’s motions didn’t waver as his eyes drank in Dean’s appearance. The red marks left on his neck, his wide pupils darkening his eyes, the way Dean was biting his bottom lip and gasping, the movements of his arm muscles as he struggled to free himself.  Dean knew Castiel was enjoying watching him come undone and that only made everything hotter.
“Hey,” Sam interrupted, looking at Castiel, amazed.  The things he had done to Castiel, all while his whole intention had been to hurt and humiliate the angel, and Castiel was able to forgive him.  If Castiel could forgive that, then Sam could forgive this.  Castiel had thought he was doing the right thing.  And the angel’s plan had succeeded, even if the before and after of it had been a disaster.
Dean was silently cursing up a storm.  He was angry at Sam and because his presumptuous purchase had somehow led Castiel to think that he wanted to hurt him.  It infuriated Dean to think of what had happened to Castiel, that he had failed to protect him from his soulless brother.  It was so unfair that everyone who came into his life ended up getting hurt.
It seemed like Castiel might be about to say something and that made Dean impatient.  There was nothing else to say.  Castiel couldn’t keep torturing him with this ‘almost’ nonsense.  Dean raised a hand to gently cup the back of Castiel’s neck by his hairline and raised his own head the short distance necessary to close the gap between their lips.
Despite the pillow muffling the sound, he could make out Castiel’s voice.  Dean rolled over and sat up with a resigned sigh, wiping a hand down his face.  Castiel was standing in front of the door he had, thankfully, closed.
The brothers stood quietly for a few minutes with occasional comments on the progress Dean was making on the car.  Taking a break to pick up his beer, Dean was mid-sip when Sam started talking again in a tone that Dean knew wasn’t lighthearted.
Maybe it was just the difference of seeing him out of all the usual clothes he wore.   Plus, Dean was used to fixing up Sam and himself and they definitely had more muscle packed on than Castiel did.  Or Jimmy did.  Whatever.
When Dean got back in the driver’s seat he was amused to see that Castiel apparently hadn’t moved much.  Dean chuckled, starting the car, and suggested Cas pull himself together and fix his clothes before they got to Bobby’s.  Castiel answered positively, but made no move to act on it, still staring in Dean’s direction.
Before he made his way back to the bed, Dean turned off the light and double checked the door lock.  He couldn’t have Sam or Bobby bursting in the door a few hours from now, also because monsters and demons or whatever.  The light in the bathroom was still on, so the room was dimly lit by what little light spilled from the cracked door.  Dean got under the covers on the side of the bed Castiel wasn’t seated on, kicking his feet around to dislodge the tightly tucked sheets.  Castiel hadn’t moved to join Dean yet.
“I’ll come back for you, Sam.”  The Impala had only just started down the street, but Castiel flew to catch up with it.  He heard Sam curse as he disappeared.
“What?!” Dean blurted out.  In his shock he had stopped rubbing Castiel’s back, but he tried to pick up the motion again to avoid seeming like he was mad at Castiel.  Dean was upset, because he didn’t understand—the demon had come so close to traumatizing the angel and Cas had let him go.  He kept his voice calm and tried again.
“He hit you?” Dean questioned lowly, feeling a surge of anger that he couldn’t hurt the already dead shifter.
Pressing a third finger alongside the others, Dean licked his lips, gazing up at Castiel who had shut his eyes and faltered in his stroking.
Dean exits the episode, embarrassed as Cas watches him.  Sliding out from under Cas’s hand, he makes an excuse to leave the room.
“I consider you a friend, Cas, and I betrayed your trust by trapping you like that.  There is no excuse for what I did, but I think everything I did came from a place of hatred that must be deep inside me.  I don’t know if it’s because of the demon blood or because I was Lucifer’s vessel, but whatever it is in me, that’s evil, it’s gone.  I don’t have that hatred anymore.  I don’t feel angry towards you at all, Cas.  I just feel terrible about what I’ve done.”
“Yeah, uh, no problem, we can stop,” Dean agreed, not missing the anxious look on Castiel’s face.  Trying to catch up with the sudden change, Dean shifted his weight off of Castiel, angling his hips away
“Sam, I don’t need to know, okay?” Dean tried not to sound too harsh.  “I saw—look, yeah, I pretty much guessed that, but I don’t need any details.”
Meeting Castiel’s gaze, Dean recognized it was true.  He wondered if that was because Castiel knew who he would choose, who he would
Castiel was suddenly awake and his eyes fell on Dean next to him.  The hunter was still resting peacefully and Castiel watched Dean breath for several minutes as he calmed down.  As an angel Castiel didn’t really dream, but memories of being duped and threatened by Crowley and raped by Sam had come to the forefront of his mind.  The accompanying panic had forced Castiel from his slumber.
“Good, but Sam’s right, Cas.  Ya shoulda said somethin’ this morning, when we asked if you were okay.  Anything else botherin’ ya we should know about?”  Bobby took a pull on his beer while Castiel considered.
Castiel had been keeping close tabs on the brothers recently (well mainly Dean, or else he might have seen this betrayal coming from Sam) and he could only hope Dean was still at the same motel they were in two days ago. He began the arduous task of getting into a standing position and hoped he could last long enough to fly safely to Dean.
“Cas, buddy, we’re coming to save you.  I promise.  Just hang on, man.  I’ll be there soon,” Dean said as he tightened his grip on the steering wheel and gunned the car faster.
Dean didn’t seem at all perturbed by the plan, he just kept eating his pie.  Castiel tried to take comfort in the fact that this was what Sam and Dean did.  They hunted monsters.
Arriving in the kitchen a little while later didn’t yield many more answers.  Sam and Bobby were eating bagels and remained tight-lipped about what they had planned.
“It’s okay, Dean.  You helped me.”  Castiel tightened his grip on Dean to console him.  “I likely would have had those experiences whether you were in the room or not.”
!  You could have told me then.  Instead, I’ve been walking around like an asshole, never even knowing. It was the wrong decision, Dean,” Sam finished firmly.
The figure was too small to be his brother.  Slumped against the floor and the bedside table with the broken lamp beside him, all at once Dean knew it was… “Cas?” he breathed.
“It’s peaceful.  The lake is beautiful, although it’s not the one from your dream, but I like being here with you… and Bobby and Sam,” Castiel added.  “So, yes, I like it.”
Castiel had finally looked away from Dean to Death, who acknowledged this truth by saying, “Annoying little protozoa, aren’t they? ‘God’? You look awfully like a mutated angel to me.  Your vessel’s melting.  You’re going to explode.”
“You’re an ass, Dean.  And Cas was acting weird this morning, maybe you upset him last night, pressuring him with your handsy shenanigans,” Sam snapped back.
Unmoving in the center of the circle, Castiel stood with his hands at his sides curled into loose fists. For a moment his lips parted as if he were about to say something, but he remained silent. He briefly broke eye contact with Sam, fruitlessly gazing past him into the darkness on either side of him. It seemed like they were alone.
Castiel was studying Dean quietly and Dean felt like he had misread the whole situation, but he wasn’t about to apologize for a hug.  That would just be worse.  So instead he blurted, “How’ve you been, Cas?”  At least it was on topic, that was the whole point of calling Castiel anyway, to make sure he was all right.
Unfazed, Bobby continued loudly and the symbols started to glow orange as if on fire.  Castiel slowly turned his head back to look at Dean, who was finding it difficult to remember to breathe.  Castiel had caught Dean’s gaze and Dean suddenly wanted to save Castiel from this—it was too dangerous—but he knew it was their only option.
“I’m not done, Cas. Lemme get through this.  I—I’m sorry I kissed you, Cas.  No, that’s a lie.  I’m sorry, I didn’t talk to you about it afterwards.  That was stupid, but I didn’t know what to say.”  The words came more easily to Dean in the dark, tucked safely into a warm bed with his best friend silently accepting him; Dean felt less exposed saying his thoughts out loud.
, his best friend, Castiel, an angel, a man was unerringly turning Dean on with every small noise, clumsy kiss, and heated touch.  Well, Dean could certainly return
Distinctly, he could hear the springs of the mattress as someone fell across it and in that instant Castiel was about to abandon the plan, but then he heard Sam come crashing noisily in through the door.  Launching himself into the main room, Castiel took in the entire scene before him in a less than a second.  Sam had indeed gotten the attention of the ghancanagh and the creature was turned in his direction, slamming Sam backwards without touching him.  Dean was looking dazed on the bed with his jacket off, his t-shirt slightly rucked up, and his belt undone.  Castiel thought his expression was turning angry, like he just realized someone meant to harm his newfound love.  But none of that mattered, since Castiel had already sunk his blade into the back of the ghancanagh.  To be thorough, he twisted his wrist sharply and withdrew his weapon, prepared to plunge it into the front of the fae as well.  It wasn’t necessary however, the ghancanagh was slumping and emiting a green white light which slowly dulled.
“You’re the ones who taught me that you can make your own destiny,” Castiel was choosing his words carefully, speaking slowly.  His tone seemed more serious than usual, which was saying something.  “You don’t have to be ruled by fate.  You can choose freedom.  I still believe that that’s something worth fighting for,” Castiel paused.  “I just wanted you to understand that.”
Dean was struggling to launch a counterattack when suddenly Castiel was there, smiting the demon on top of Dean—all efficient precision and deadly effectiveness.  Happiness flooded Dean at the sight of Castiel, come to save them again.  With otherworldly speed, it only took Castiel a moment to drop all three demons.
While sharing a room with Bobby, Sam had taken the opportunity to briefly confess to the hunter what he had done to Castiel.  It wasn’t so difficult to talk to Bobby, he was good at listening and knew not to interrupt when Sam had struggled to verbalize his thoughts.  Sam wasn’t sure if it was his secret to tell, but he figured making Bobby aware of the situation was more important.  The benefit would be to Castiel, because now they could all be sensitive to his unspoken needs.
There was hesitation in Castiel’s response, as if he were still wondering why Dean would want such a thing.
“If you didn’t leave me behind or had told me what town you’d be in or answered your phone, then I would have been able to confirm that you were all right.  I even went to Bobby’s, but he wasn’t home,” Castiel said sullenly.
It wasn’t until he went to shave that Dean realized he had a couple hickies that he wouldn’t be able to hide.  Castiel was gonna have to heal them.  He couldn’t pose as an FBI agent looking like this.  There were some bruises as well, where the angel had gripped him too enthusiastically, but Dean just smirked as he looked at them.  His clothing would cover them and it was kind of a hot reminder of the night before.
“Oh.  No.  No, we have a different plan.  Death is making another eclipse.  We have to go back to the lab and open purgatory again.  You’ve got to put them all back.  The souls, the Leviathans, whatever else you got, just put it back.”
Dean desperately wanted this conversation to be over, but Sam was still looking dejected and Dean couldn’t quite yell at him to shut up yet.
“Hey. Cas’ll be out in a minute.  He had a wardrobe malfunction,” Dean said, picking up his previously shed boxers and jeans.
Dean was at once familiar and mysterious to Castiel.  Though Castiel understood much about the righteous man he called a friend, there was always some level of humanity he had yet to grasp that Dean would reveal to him.  Slowly, he was learning that humans were complicated and, often, contradictory.
Much to Sam’s relief, Dean had gotten two rooms and a recommendation of where to eat.  They ditched their bags and proceeded to walk the three blocks to the suggested place.  It was more of a bar, rather than a restaurant or a diner, and it didn’t look very impressive, but it certainly wasn’t the worst looking place they’d ever eaten.  Sam slid into the booth across from Dean and Castiel, who had left his coat in the Impala and donned the glasses again to, hopefully, look a little less like himself.
“I’ve gotta call Bobby.  See if he can dig up any info on Ghancanagh,” Sam said, as he rose from the table to make the call.
Jealous.  Castiel didn’t know if that was true.  He had never been envious before, but this situation was unprecedented.  Still, his concern for Dean most likely fell under the broad banner of protectiveness.  Castiel hoped that, maybe, the ghancanagh wouldn’t be interested in Dean, but that seemed unlikely since Dean was such an incomparably perfect specimen.  They waited and Castiel felt impatient.
They stuck to the plan anyway and arrived at Bobby’s in the evening.  Dean’s sleep schedule was still out of whack and he was soon yawning loudly on the couch.  Instead of waiting for the others to go to bed and slinking off with Cas in some sham of secrecy, Dean stood in the middle of the living room, looking defiantly between Bobby at his desk and Sam on the couch.
Lowering himself, Dean rested his forehead against Castiel’s as he drove forward into the angel.  Thumbing over Castiel’s nipples earned him a slight twitch.  Dean loved how responsive Castiel always was and watched as he opened and closed his mouth wordlessly, licking and biting his lips as Dean moved inside him.  Thrusting faster, Dean moaned and Castiel gasped beneath him, forcing Dean closer by grabbing at his thighs.
He sank to his knees in front of Cas, wanting to taste him.  Cas was hot and heavy and increasingly hard as Dean licked along the underside of his shaft.
Dean enjoyed another unusually peaceful night and smiled sleepily at the bright blue eyes watching him when he woke.  It was strange to imagine Castiel staring at him through the night, but Dean didn’t want to tell him not to.  All the scrutiny and attention was a bit unnerving, but it was basically Castiel’s favorite past time, so Dean didn’t want to tell him to knock it off.  Everyone should have a hobby.  At least it wasn’t taking him by surprise anymore.
Sam kicked the boards around, rolling his eyes at Dean’s poor attitude.  His brother always buried his concern under anger.  Spotting his knife, Sam retrieved it and when he straightened up again Castiel was healed and his clothing was blood free.
Dean was pulling off his boots and socks when he noticed Castiel was still sitting at the table, with his hands on the surface, not looking at anything in particular.
Cas’ hand was so much better than his own and Dean obeyed at once, slipping in and out as Cas crushed him into the wall.  The tongue and teeth at his jaw retreated to his ear as Cas murmured to him.
“I’m very, very sick,” Cas fakes an unattractive sounding cough, dragging out the whole thing too long and Dean cringes a little.
“Indisputably,” Castiel replied, kissing him and leaning his forehead against Dean’s.  “I enjoy making you feel pleasure.”
Dean did see Castiel briefly when they got back to their own reality.  He was looking fiercely intimidating and threatened Raphael, who was evidently rattled enough to take off.  The key they had was revealed to be useless and all the bullshit they had been through was just a diversion for Raphael’s soldier.  Castiel said the plan had been Balthazar’s, but admitted he would have done the same thing.  That was not a comforting thought.  The conversation had frustrated Dean.  Although Castiel had apologized, he offered no new information about the war in heaven.  Before he disappeared, Castiel could only insist that if he didn’t win against Raphael they would “all lose everything.”  Friggin’ angels.
Castiel followed Dean’s lead and took off his shirt to squeeze water out of it.  Evidently he had decided that there were too many people nearby to dry himself instantly.  Dean realized he was staring at the droplets of water running down Castiel’s chest and he quickly sat down.  Castiel joined him and used Dean’s previously removed, long-sleeved shirt to dry his face and hair.  Dean stole it so he could do the same, twisting the water from his shirt one last time before tugging it over his head.  Thankfully, Cas put his shirt back on too.  Dean didn’t want to be distracted so obviously in front of Bobby and Sam.  There wasn’t much to be done for their wet jeans.
Dean felt kind of miserable as he got showered and ready, so he only really greeted Castiel with a mumbled ‘morning’ and left it at that.  Thinking of what happened the night before, Dean was hesitant to bring the topic up before he had any coffee in his system.  When Castiel didn’t mention it either, Dean decided it was a good decision.  He didn’t want to force a discussion neither of them were ready to have.
Sam and Bobby tried to tell Dean that they hated to suspect Castiel just as much as he did, but Dean doubted it was making them feel slightly sick to their stomachs the way he was.  Normally, Dean was a master of deceit, but Castiel was one of the few people he was always straight with.  Dean could understand how dangerous Castiel could be as an enemy, but Dean could not picture him as such.  This had to be a misunderstanding.  The angel was allowed to make mistakes, right?
Hardly believing his eyes, Dean stopped in his tracks as Castiel came out the door.  The angel didn’t look injured and he was walking stiffly towards Dean, coat billowing behind him.
First, Dean had found a new friend and confidant in Castiel, which was ultimately fine but also bothered Sam since he was used to he and Dean relying only on themselves for years now. Sure there had been friends, allies and lovers along the way, important relationships, no doubt, but most of the friends they had were shared more or less evenly between the brothers. Ellen, Jo, Bobby, of course, but these were people who cared equally about the brothers. Romantic interests came and went, nothing long term. Castiel however seemed to be sticking around and Sam had been jealous that the angel seemed to have a greater interest in talking and working with Dean, trusting him above Sam. He had called Sam an abomination, left Sam in hell after he saved the world from the apocalypse, and had refused to answers Sam’s prayers and calls when he found himself back on earth, returned from the cage.
Back at Castiel’s side, he carefully pressed the cool compress to the blistered skin.  It could have used some burn salve, but again, that was in the freaking Impala and his brother had better get here soon.  After dabbing at the welt, Dean decided to leave the cool cloth against the burning skin, hoping it would soothe the heat.  As Dean finally looked away from focusing on the welt he realized that something had been strangling Castiel at some point.   The marks on his neck weren’t too horrible looking, but they were clearly visible now that Dean was staring right at him.
Dean drove.  He was both glad at the news that Castiel would likely be hanging around for the indefinite future and perturbed by the reason why.  Castiel’s confession had Dean concerned that his friend might be depressed.  It wasn’t such a crazy thought after all he had been through, and even though Dean prided himself on his ability to read others, he hadn’t been paying close attention to Castiel for a while now.  He’d have to make sure to monitor him, which shouldn’t be too hard if he was really planning on sticking around.
Castiel released Dean’s arm and Dean passed him the water bottle so he could take a few more sips.  It occurred to Dean that he and Sam definitely would have downed some liquor or other pain killers by now if it were them, but he wasn’t sure on the dosage for an angel who couldn’t quite manage to heal himself at the moment.  After a quick mental debate, he shook out six ibuprofen from the bottle he had fetched from his duffle and offered them to Castiel.
The three of them found a place to eat.  They were a bit early for dinner, but they had managed to skip lunch again somehow, so Dean was plenty hungry.  It was a small bar that seemed to be a family place.  There were younger kids playing pool and a band was setting up equipment to perform later.  There weren’t too many tables, but they found an empty booth.
Returning to Dean, Castiel stood observing him.  He had rolled into the space Castiel had vacated and was snoring lightly.  The brothers were both safe and that eased Castiel’s mind tremendously.  The previous day’s events had been upsetting, but Castiel found himself deeming the troubling experience beneficial.
Dean brought a hand to Castiel’s arm and got him to lay on his stomach again.  Then he knelt astride the angel, kissing across his shoulders and down his spine.  Producing a plastic bottle, Dean dribbled scented liquid onto Castiel’s bare back.
“My apologies.”  Castiel blushed faintly and looked away.  Dean hadn’t even known he could blush, but he found it endearing.
He dives in with his dick, splitting Cas even further open and stilling when he’s sunk all the way in. Cas’s legs bracket him on either side, useless still in the stirrups. Since his back is still propped up by the table Dean only needs to dip his head to capture Cas’s lips, kissing him lightly at first, a tease that Cas no longer wants to tolerate if the way he grabs on to Dean and deepens it is any indication. Dean loves tasting himself on Cas and he holds onto his jaw so he can angle them even better, licking into Cas’s mouth.
It’s laid out with all sorts of goodies.  Glass jars hold cotton balls, cotton swabs, and tongue depressors.  Some of the items look old like they were found in the infirmary.  Others are clear additions, like the lube and speculum.
Sam looked sadly at Castiel, as he wrung his hands together and then defensively held one elbow with his hand.
Dean laid a hand on Castiel’s shoulder, he needed the angel to hear him, to understand.  Castiel looked at Dean’s hand for a moment before gazing at Dean.
To be honest, Dean had never expected the two of them to be having any type of conversation alone.  It surprised Dean that Castiel would even go to Sam at all after what happened.  It had never occurred to Dean that he would need to warn Castiel not to say anything to Sam, so he could hardly blame him, even if part of him wanted to.
