“And you didn’t think to click over to a different video?” Cas asked curiously, making Dean’s face redden even further.
“Daughter? Dean, how old is this man?” His father asked gruffly.
“Of course, I do. That is typically where a gay man would go to ‘hook up’, is it not? ” Cas’s face mirrored Dean’s confusion now.
Dean smiled, going to pick through the movies. He selected a lighthearted Disney movie he was surprised Cas even had and popped it in, kicking off his Jean's and laying back in the bed.
for a 13-year-old girl, and a 13-year-old boy to sleep in the same room together anymore. Pft, its not like they were going to do anything; They were both
Dean lived in a tiny apartment on the corner of a street at the edge of town. He dressed nice, a green button down with sleeves rolled to the elbows, and hips and ass fitting black slacks.
I'm bringing home.”
the amount of times I had to turn my head so the kids wouldn’t see me laughing when I was in the classroom, heh.” Dean chuckled.
Dean tucked the address in his pocket and after a shower and a quick internet search he showed up at Castiel’s house around nine, relieved to see the address was a real place as he rang the doorbell.
"He’s 4 years younger than me, so 16." Dean tugged on boxers and wandered into the kitchen of Castiel’s unit.
“You really need to talk to Cas. Give him a couple of days, since he asked for some space. But then you should really tell him how you feel Dean.” Sam urged.
“Come in, come in,” She moved to the side to let them enter. “Thank you for coming. Let me grab your coats.” She offered, hanging them up on a hook by the door. “I’m Mary and you must be Cas.
“I’m never going to live that down, am I?” He groaned, making the younger man chuckle.
Cas grabbed Dean and pulled him back to lay on his lap. "No, Dean that's not it, love. I’m just so sorry you had to do that. No-one should ever have to do that." Cas said sadly as he continued running his hands through Dean's hair. He could tell it calmed the young man.
"Of course, Cas. Aren’t you going to finish?" Dean looked at him curiously.
“Relax, sweetheart. I’ll take good care of you.” And Dean believed him. Believed the calming words Cas was saying, and believed the sincerity in his voice. He knew Cas would be gentle, and would take care of him, because he always did. He nodded and Cas smiled, before he captured Dean’s lips with his own; gentle and firm he pressed their mouths together as he guided Dean towards the queen size bed.  Cas ran his hands up the back of Dean’s shirt, breaking the kiss long enough to pull the tee over Dean’s head, before he dove back in, his tongue demanding entrance that the younger man freely gave.
“My name is Bianca. But my papa calls me Bee.” His daughter said enthusiastically. Castiel was slightly distracted though. He watched the person in the tank switch spots with a new young man. His breath caught in his throat. He couldn’t see much from this far back, but the new guy was beautiful. He looked to be about 20, and sort of ‘twinky’ which Castiel had never admitted to anyone before, but was a kink of his. The young man was slim but fit too. He had full lips that were stretched into a smile as he settled into his spot on the board above the tank. The young man was looking at Castiel’s daughter who was getting ready to throw the first ball.
Cas quickly made his way to the bathroom and wet a washcloth and brought it back. He gently cleaned his cum from Dean's ass and prodded Dean to turn over so he could clean his release from him as well. Then he climbed in bed and pulled Dean to lay on his chest as he kissed his forehead.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Nothin’ Cas. I’m fine. Hey, you want Chinese for dinner? Chinese sounds good.” Dean babbled in an obvious attempt to change the subject. Cas didn’t call him out either. But he was starting to get really suspicious of his friend. Lately, Dean had been acting very secretive. This wasn’t the first time he had ended a call quickly once Cas came into the room. And his smiles hadn’t been sincere the last few weeks either. Any time Cas even attempted to figure out what was wrong, Dean just brushed him off and changed the subject. It was really starting to grate on Cas’ nerves.
" That's not what I meant at all Dean! I was literally just asking a damn question!" Cas yelled. "I told you I suck at this shit." He said as his lip quivered.
“Yes!” She shrieked, making Dean laugh.
Cas woke up early in the morning. He was still in a fog from his dream and he began to rock his body into the hard one in front of him. He had a severe case of morning wood and it felt so good to grind on the hard body he was cuddling.
“Yes! The Pony Movie!” She beamed and Cas chuckled fondly as they buckled up and made the short drive to the restaurant.
“How about we put on some music?” He suggested, making Bianca’s face light up.
-before offering his own shy smile.
“Uh, th-that isn’t a good idea.” He stammered.
“Thank god she went right to sleep.” He exclaimed tiredly. “I don’t have to worry about what could come out of her mouth next now.”
"Fuck" Cas said as he drove his patrol car towards Clerk’s. He had hoped it would be a slow day. He hated shoplifting calls. There was always just so much paperwork involved for, normally, a small dollar item. Cas pulled up to the shop and outside, Dean was sitting on a fence surrounding the shop, grinning hugely and waving as Cas drove up.
Castiel laid one hand across Dean's neck to hold him down. He used his other hand to pull Dean's panties down so they were resting just below his ass. And was a great perky ass it was. "Before I start, I want you to tell me what you are being punished for boy."
He had probably just fucked up their friendship beyond repair now though. All because he hadn’t been able to separate his feelings from sex with Dean. God he was so stupid and pathetic. And of course, he had to go and do all of this during a damn pandemic where neither of them could leave the house. It was going to be absolute torture to see Dean every day now and not touch him anymore; not to mention how awkward it was going to be now that they had had sex and Cas had freaked out so bad. But he was being truthful, this had to stop. He couldn’t continue this whole experimenting thing with Dean. It already hurt too bad, and it would only get worse if they kept going. He just had to hope that they would be able to go back to the way things were before this all had started. He really couldn’t bare the thought of losing Dean as a friend.
“Do I have to.” He whined petulantly, like a five-year-old.
"Have you never been rimmed before love?" He asked, the pet name spilling out before he could stop himself.
“I feel the same way.” He smiled back. “I would like to try something then that I think you will really like, and that I promise will not hurt at all if you are willing?”
"I'm just happy he chose me" Cas responded. “But I would appreciate you not calling me boy. I’m aware you are older than me, and that you are a father figure to Dean, but I’d prefer to be respected as the grown adult that I am.” Cas replied.
She had also referred to her classmate Jimmy as an assbutt- which Dean absolutely agreed with but couldn’t tell her that. Dean had had to tell her Dad about it, since profanity was not allowed in school, even if little Jimmy
Bobby was speechless for a second, before he burst out laughing. “I like this one Dean. He doesn’t take shit from nobody.”
“How did you two meet? Was it as school?” She prodded.
Dean stared at him, frowning as he tapped his fork on his plate. "You're picking at your favorite pasta and won’t look me in the eye.”
“Come on Bianca, it’s time to go to the dunk tank.” He told her, before pocketing his phone. They walked across the field to where the dunk tank was and got in line to wait. They didn’t have to wait long, and before he knew it, they were in the front of the line.
“I really didn’t Gabe. Like I’ve been trying to tell you, something weird is going on in this house.” He reiterated.
Dean smiled. He really wanted to laugh at how adorable Cas could be, even as a full grown adult. But he held it back as he reached out to rest his hands on top of Castiel’s. "Of course, I will."
Castiel noticed that Dean had not responded to him yet. He was trying to figure out how to play this. On one hand, Dean was a criminal who had committed a couple of misdemeanors and should be arrested. But, on the other hand, his crimes were mostly innocent. Sure, he had a vandalism charge, but it was some stupid graffiti. And he had a shoplifting charge. But it was only a damn jar of peanut better and a loaf of bread. Even the store owner didn’t want to press charges. Castiel wasn’t sure what he should do. Should he stick to he knew? Or should he take a leap of faith.
Dean ruffled his hair. "You're adorable. I'll be here by 9:30. At this rate I should just move in." He joked, going to clean dishes.
Dean smiled, green eyes twinkling. "You can't, you're paying.” He smiled.
“Ah no. No, you um… you don’t ever have to worry about that.” He chuckled bitterly before taking a deep breath. He felt like he was skydiving, and about to pull the ripcord, and he praying it would open so he wouldn’t come crashing to the ground.
“I l-love you Cas.” He blurted out as he felt his eyes well up with emotion. He watched a look of shock pass over Cas’ face before it melted into one of awe.
"Do it, oh fuck yes." Dean whispered, hole fluttering again at the thought. "Hit me then fist me.”
“I love your boots. They are so fashionable.” She cood at Bianca, and the little girl smiled before she looked at Mary with a serious face.
Cas smiled and kissed Dean's lips chastely. "I’m glad. It's not that I want to ever really give up control. I just honestly like something up my ass every now and again. I'm sure you can appreciate that." He said slyly.
“Yeah, okay. Uh…see around Cas.” They smiled shyly at each other before Cas took Bianca's hand and walked her out.
that night, thinking about Cas telling him how good he looked, well, no one had to know.
“Just because Cas is actually gay doesn’t mean I have any more of a chance
though.” he complained.
"I agree. I'm very happy we did. I know we haven't been together very long but I love you very much." Cas smiled sincerely.
“Come on, Cas! It'll be fun!” Dean exclaimed as he slapped Cas on the shoulder. He must be drunk; He had to be, to be suggesting what he just did, Cas surmised as he stared at his roommate with a slack jaw. He might not have seen Dean drink any alcohol, but there was no way he would have asked that sober. Right?
He was so busy checking himself out on the mirror, admiring how the lingerie accentuated his features, when he heard a throat clearing behind him. He spun around startled, and saw Cas leaning against his bedroom door, arms crossed over his chest and an unreadable look on his face.
“Oh man. Um…I think I’ll go with truth this time. Mix it up a bit.” His best friend relied, still chuckling from the last ridiculous dare. Cas had to think about this. What kind of question could he really ask? He decided to just go for a simple one.
“Oh no? Did you expect me to look old?” He asked her.
“Well, it was nice to see you again Charlie. I’m off to go pick up Bianca now. Have a nice weekend with your LARPing thing.”
“You want me to suck your cock?” Cas replied wickedly as he licked the shell of the younger man’s ear, making Dean whimper. He nodded in response, too lost in pleasure for words.
“Seriously? Just like that?” Dean hesitated.
Dean hummed, "Well, someone has to do it. Dunno what you did before me, your kitchen is always empty." He chuckled.
Castiel went up to pay the bill and turned around to Dean. "Get in the car you little minx" he said, amused at his little boy's behavior.
“Yes, I was 22.” He nodded.
“You love me?” He asked uncertainly.
They each shook his hand, Sam's lighter, but a big grip because of his huge hands, and Bobby's rough-skinned squeeze. "Nice to meet you!" Sam piped up, and Bobby nodded, not saying anything yet,
"I really didn't want your family to know I planned on arresting you the first time we really met Dean." Cas said blushing.
“No kissing.” He said firmly.
“Come sit down hon. What is it?” She asked.
"I figured you would like this much better than some fancy restaurant" Cas smiled as he lead Dean towards the Roadhouse.
“Yes. Yes. Yes.” Dean whimpered. He felt the other man’s ass clamp down tight on his cock as the hunter spilled his release, coming untouched onto the hood of the car. A dozen more thrusts had Cas following as he painted Dean’s insides white.
"Good I'm glad. You were so beautiful when you whimpered and moaned. And when you thrashed around. And especially when you cried. So beautiful" he said as he kissed Dean again.
“Dean? Are you okay? Its so glad to finally hear from you. I’ve been worried. I’m so sorry if I did something wrong…” Cas rambled before Dean cut him off.
“Fuck, Charlie…Ouch! Geez! What the hell was that for?” He complained, as he rubbed the sore spot on his arm where his best friend had punched him. She may be tiny, but
“Well, I can’t say I not surprised.” Cas admitted as his eyes roamed all over Dean’s body, taking in what little he was wearing. “I never imagined you could look anymore beautiful than you always do, but it appears I was mistaken.”
“Heya Sammy.” He sighed, as he flopped back onto his pillow.
“Oh, Dean I’m so glad to hear that.”
Dean laughed at that, "Okay, that's fair, but you can always learn." Dean glanced at him, "or let me cook, I guess." He kissed him again, arms winding around his neck.
, led them here; both of them were tipsy and Dean just confessed to another secret that Cas couldn’t believe.
" So, he doesn't understand sex yet? Or he doesn't actually know that his brother is gay?" Cas asked snarkily.
"I suppose I can be convinced by that." Dean's fingers ran up and down his chest. "Now let's get clean.
“Don’t sweat it. Go relax and call me tomorrow to let me know how you’re first day went.”
“Cas, its….ha ha….Cas….oh man…hehe… Good Vibes means to like…wish me luck….good feelings….not…n-not….a v-vib….vibrator.” He managed to choke out between bouts of laughter.
“That sounds good. Maybe after we have dinner with your parents on Sunday, I can drop Bee off at Gabriel’s to sleep, and you can come over and spend the night?” his boyfriend suggested.
Dean chuckled, "Oh, you'd hate me as a roommate, Cas. I take up the whole bathroom and am anal about cleaning." He kissed his temple, smiling.
“I did see. Do you know what I think you should do Bianca?” Charlie asked.
Cas eagerly kissed Dean back. He felt happy for once in his life. He definitely hadn't expected this bratty little twink he had been pursuing as a cop to suddenly carve his way into his heart.
, cleared his throat.
“Hey Cas. What’s up?” He asked.
“Oh, I should probably call Charlie back. Now that we’ve resolved this.”
Cas grabbed a handful of Dean's hair in his fist and jerked his head back as he kept fucking him. He loved hearing his boy whimper. "I love the sounds you make when I fuck your ass hard."
“Fuck Cas. I’ve wanted to do that forever.” Dean confessed quietly, voice heavy and deep with arousal.
Dean groaned, ignoring his twitching and speeding up
“We were fooling around and she dared me to try on her panties. And I kinda liked ‘em. So, before I left the next morning to do the walk of shame, I stole ‘em.” Dean finished with a shrug as he took another sip from the bottle of whiskey he was drinking.
“Man, I’m wiped.” He groaned making Cas chuckle.
“Remember to be on your best behavior okay Bee? This is the first time we’ve ever been invited to meet someone’s parents and I want to make a good impression.” He instructed her as he pulled up to the house and turned the ignition off.
The first time he had ever worn a pair of panties, it had been when he was 19 and hooked up with that chick Rhonda Hurley. When she asked him to try on her pair, he had pretended to protest, but inside he had been shaking with excitement. Finally, he would be able to try something he had wanted to for a few years at that point. It had been just as great as he had imagined and he had been sad when he’d had to leave. It took another 15 years for him to get the nerve up to buy himself his own pair of panties, and he’d been slowly branching out from that over the last 5 years. He had a chest in his closet where he kept all of his lingerie and makeup, now that he had a permanent room to store them in secret.
Dean nodded, "I can tell you're worried. I just want you to know I'm always going to be here.”
Fuck. That's all Castiel could think. He thought he would at least have a day to feel ready. But apparently Dean was a needy sub.
“Yeah, I mean, only if you’re game.”
“You don’t look that old.” She stated, her head tilted in consideration. Cas noticed John’s lip twitch before he schooled his features.
“We’re still doing that list of yours?” He quirked his eyebrow in question and Dean just shrugged.
"Yeah you are. You're my dirty little slut. You love having your ass stuffed full, don't you? I bet my huge cock isn't even enough for your greedy ass is it?" Cas grunted as he slapped Dean's ass between his hard thrusts.
“I’m very glad you said yes to this date.” The older man smiled sincerely.
“I believe we may have ruined that pair.” Cas surmised sadly causing Dean to chuckle at the despondent look on his boyfriend’s face.
“Cool” she replied before eating another bite of her food. Cas smiled kindly at the other man, knowing he was still in the process of coming out to people. Dean probably shouldn’t have chosen that moment to take a sip of his water.
Dean pasted on a fake smile.  "Much better." He lubed up a couple of fingers and stroked them teasingly over his Dom’s hole.
“Wow, man. I’m uh… I’m glad you have such a good brother then.” Dean offered, awed by how much Cas had gone through. He couldn’t imagine his parent’s throwing him out of the house.
“Yeah, yeah.” She waved her hand dismissively, like she did every time he complained. “So… how was your first day?” She asked, after the waitress delivered her drink. It was some fruity abomination that Dean turned his nose up at, before he slumped down over the table. “Ugh, it was mostly fine. Kids were hyper but no real troublemakers so far. They're freaking
“Awesome.” Dean beamed and Cas smiled back.
“I was trying to be discreet Dean. I need to go clean myself out if you are about to stick your dick up my ass.” Dean immediately felt stupid that he hadn’t caught on before.
now!) had a cheek in each hand, spreading them apart to expose his hole. He felt self-conscious and vulnerable; his ass had never been touched or even looked at like this by anyone before. But as Cas started to rim him, it was hard to really care. “God that feels good.” He moaned.
“If you’re sure…” He closed the distance between them and pressed his lips against the other man’s gently. He heard him sigh before Dean pressed back into the kiss, tilting his head to deepen it.
"Oh? Do what?" Dean's interest was immediately peaked, leaning forward.
He made his way up the stairs and down the hallway till he reached his daughter's room. He knocked on her door. “Bianca, are you almost ready?” He called through the door.
Dean relaxed, staring at the stars. "You can’t get a view like this down there.” Dean sighed.
“He asked me out!” He shouted, as he paced in his room, hands reaching up to tug at his hair.
Dean crawled to straddle Cas’ waist, leaving bite marks up his spine. Cas was breathing heavy just enjoying what Dean was doing.
"Yes sir." Dean settled on his lap, already loving the sting, his ass turning pink with the spanks
“I got us each an ugly sweater to wear later. I know it’ll be just the three of us, but I figured we could celebrate a little since its Christmas Eve and we don’t have any pressing end of the world crap to deal with.” Sam shrugged before handing one bag to Dean. “Here, this one’s for you. But don’t open it till you’re in your room.” Dean quirked a questioning eyebrow but didn’t say anything as he took the bag from his brother’s outstretched hand. “I’m gonna go give Cas his and then put mine on and then we can all meet in the library. I got booze and pie too.” Sam said as he shook one of the other bags before walking off, leaving Dean standing there with his own bag.
“Fuck Cas. Th-that was amazing.” He breathed out, still high on pleasure.
"Oh God, please, fuck, yes..." Dean couldn’t do it anymore. One good thrust in hit his prostate hard and he came messily all over the bedsheets, ass clenching around Cas hard, Dean giving a sobbing whimper.
“Remember what I said. And if you hurt my son, just know that I have no problem going to jail.” He threatened with a smile, making Cas gulp before responding. “Yes, sir.”
Cas pulled back to look up at Dean. “Fuck my mouth.” He instructed, voice deep with arousal, before taking Dean’s cock back inside. Dean wasted no time complying, thrusting his hips forward into the tight throat of the man below him. Cas made a small choking sound, and Dean was about to pull back, but Cas reached up and grabbed his hips and pulled him forward again, making it clear he didn’t mind the rough treatment.
“Great job Bianca!” Charlie squeaked. “Give me a high five!” she said and Bianca was happy to comply.
“Yeah. Just going to miss this place, you know?” He smiled sadly.
Cas slapped Dean's ass hard. "Stay still boy and take what I give you."
“Am I a
Dean climbed off of his lap and sat beside him as they both tucked their softening cocks back inside their jeans. Cas reached over on the end table for a tissue and wiped his hand the best he could.
Dean was still so confused. He didn’t know what to do. He regretted ever starting this thing in the first place. He had been so selfish, asking Cas to be his experiment. Now he had probably fucked up their decade long friendship in a matter of weeks. All because he had been thinking with his dick instead of his head.
“Cas! Cas, I’m ok. You, uh…you didn’t do anything wrong.” He quickly assured the other man.
“Soooooo, you finally gonna do it?” She asked hopefully.
“I wasn’t completely sure you wouldn’t think it was too soon.” Cas shrugged.
"No, I love it." Dean chuckled, "You act like you've never dated before and its freaking adorable.: He laughed.
“I told you to stop calling me that.” He grumbled, with no real heat, at a familiar routine.
The older man slowly worked his cock in and out of Dean, his thrusts gentle at first, then gradually picking up as Dean begged for more. Dean’s cock was leaking profusely. He screamed when Cas angled just right and struck his prostate, hitting it over and over as Dean babbled incoherently. He held on tight as his ass was fucked, and soon he felt his balls begin to draw up, his orgasm right there.
“I was going to make a joke about homosexuality, butt fuck it.”
“I’m sorry, I can’t hear you. What was that?” Cas asked.
"Green, sir." Dean took a deep breath, eager nerves fluttering in his belly. He tugged one lightly just to see the give and a shiver ran down his spine when it didn’t give.
“Bianca is getting impatient so I’m going to go ahead and drive over to the restaurant now. I’ll meet you there.” He told the younger man before leading his daughter back to the car and making the short drive over. They were going to Lily Flanigan’s in Babylon Village. Dean’s parents had rented a party room for his graduation celebration.
Cas was still contemplating what Dean had wanted him to send, when his phone rang a few minutes later, Gabriel’s name on the caller ID. He sighed as he hit accept; Calls with his brother were often frustrating, but maybe Gabe would know what he needed to send Dean.
Dean licked his lips and nodded, "Yes sir. I can be a good boy." He wanted to throw himself at Cas, demand more, but he could hold on, be good and do what Cas wanted.
Cas was sitting at a table in the corner of the café, sipping on his chamomile tea. He was trying to tune out his brothers incessant teasing, but he was having no luck. Why did he think this was a good idea again?
"Yes." Dean said firmly, "I absolutely do." He finished the last of his fries and his drink and dug out his wallet.
Dean just shook his head and kept eating his spaghetti. He was aware of course of what was going on but he let Cas get there when he got there.
He had already taken a shower before dinner, making sure to clean himself out. He’d even used a freaking enema he had ordered online. That had been incredibly awkward. He quickly got undressed and grabbed the giant bow from the box where he hid it under the bed. He laid himself down on the bed on his stomach, reaching behind him to place the ridiculous bow on top of his ass. His present was that he was planning on finally bottoming for Cas tonight. It’s something he had been wanting, but had been too nervous to bring up again after the first time he’d mentioned it. Cas hadn’t mentioned it either, probably not wanting to pressure Dean. But he remembered Cas saying he preferred to top, so he really wanted to give this to him. What better present than giving up his anal virginity. Fuck, he was nervous though.
Cas still wasn’t sure what he should do. Should he cave to his attraction? He was still in a place of power over Dean. He was so torn.
"No, you gave it a backhanded compliment." Dean yawned; it was past midnight after a 11-hour shift.
“Hey Cas.” Dean’s smile didn’t reach his eyes, and Cas’ own eyes narrowed at the odd way Dean was acting.
"Yes. I can get fucked out as much as the next guy. It just takes a lot more." Dean sipped his soda. "That's probably why guys liked hiring me. My paperwork is in my pocket, by the way.”
As he read Sam’s words, he could feel the tears building and he had to blink them away to see the screen. Leave it to his brother to come out for him. He chuckled wetly as he wiped the tears from his eyes. Fuck it. He stood up and stripped off his flannel before putting on the damn sweater. He walked over to the mirror behind his door and couldn’t help the small smile that tugged at his lips when he saw the words on the shirt this time. “I’m Dreaming of a Bi Christmas” It was cheesy as hell but it felt freeing to wear it.
“Well, at least it wasn’t inside my underwear this time. That was a
"No. Because I wasn't sure if you are out yet. You talk about your Uncle Bobby and your brother Sam, but not once have you mentioned wanting me to meet them." Cas said quietly.
“My name is Amanda Winters and this summer I went to Disney!” She said excitedly.
He got out of the car and opened the back door of his Continental, where Claire was babbling happily in her car seat. He unbuckled her and quickly bundled her in her winter jacket to keep her warm outside. He always found it such a pain to have to take her jacket off to buckle her in, and then put it back on when they left the car, but thanks to hours of research on car seat safety, he knew it was the best way to keep her safe. Summer had been much easier.
Dean flushed a little and smiled, "Well I'm going to get the pasta." He shut the menu. Once the waitress came back, they all placed their order.
“Hello Charlie. Things are alright. Thank God it’s Friday though. I’m exhausted.” He lamented, making her chuckle.
“I’m in if you are.” Cas smiled.
“Thank you, Dean.” Cas said while looking down at his sweater. It said ‘Make Christmas Pantastical Again’ “I like the clever word play.” The angel smiled that gummy smile of his that Dean lo-liked. “I like yours as well Dean.”
(See the end of the chapter for
uncomfortable drive.” He joked, and Cas was glad to hear that he didn’t sound uncomfortable this time.
"Cum whenever you can love." Cas replied as he continued to fuck his fist in Dean's ass. Dean cried out as he finally came with a brush of Castiel’s fingers, shuddering over and over, hole clenched tight around his wrist. Cas felt Dean cum and it felt amazing on his hand as Dean's hole tightened around his wrist. He slowly worked his hand out of Dean and laid down beside him and pulled Dean on top of his chest. "How do you feel love?" He asked.
Dean kissed his lips lightly and slid past him. "Sorry, I was buying ingredients for tomorrow's dinner. Did you eat tonight?" he asked as he walked into the kitchen.
“No Dean. Its not like I was completely truthful either.” He admitted.
“I can imagine.” He smiled. “I’ll be right back with a shirt.” He stood up and went to his bedroom and quickly changed out of the cum stained shirt, making sure to grab another one of his smaller ones for Dean. When he went back out to the living room, the other man had already taken his shirt off and Cas stopped in his tracks as he took in the trim body in front of him. When Dean looked up at his return, he quickly shook himself out of his ogling and threw him the shirt which he was quick to put on.
He was a bundle of nerves as he left his room to go to the library where Sam said to meet. Sam and Cas were already waiting when he got there and Sam smiled at him and nodded at his shirt.
"Yes. Sorry. Of course, you have to leave soon. I apologize." Cas mumbled.
"What the hell is that?" Dean was glaring impatiently now. "What else do you even need to know?"
What the hell was going on here? What toilet just magically flushed on its own? Well-come to think of it- that was an actual thing, but usually only in public restrooms. Cas crouched down in front of the bowl, searching for some sensor or something that would have made that happen, but he couldn’t find any. It looked like a typically ordinary toilet, with a manual flush and everything.
Cas followed Dean into the bathroom, noticing how sore Dean looked. "Do you want a shower? Or would you rather a hot bath?"
“o-oh. Okay. Um…good to know.” Dean stammered. “I-uh…I think ill take the shelf and this one.”
, could ever change that. Do you hear me?” The tears that had been welling in his eyes began to slowly fall down his cheeks at those words. He threw his arms around his dad’s neck and let loose the sob that he could no longer hold back. He felt his mom sit down on his other side and join the hug.
“That’s a lovely name. Perfect for a pretty girl like you.” Mary said sweetly before ushering them into the living room. “Dinner should be ready soon. Why don’t you make yourselves comfortable while I call the others down.”
Dean hummed and flopped back down on his chest. "Give me a minute.” He grumbled sleepily.
The rest of July and August passed quickly, and before he knew it, it was September and he was walking into John F. Kennedy Elementary School for his first day of student teaching. It was his last requirement for his degree and then he could get his teaching certificate. He walked to the main office to sign in and get his class placement, before making his was down the hallway to the third-grade classroom he would be at from now till December. He made sure to get there early so he could meet the teacher and settle in before the students arrived.
Dean narrowed his eyes suspiciously, "You're a terrible liar. Guess that would make a good cop." He flopped back down and sighed, "Well you don’t have to tell me now, but maybe if I'm good, later you will.
"Ummmm. I think Gary was 62.” Dean replied offhand.
“Hey Handmaiden!” Charlie greeted him cheerfully, as she plopped herself down across from him in the booth. He rolled his eyes at the greeting; annoyed she was still calling him that stupid nickname. One time-
"What time do you have to be at work then?" Cas asked.
“I don’t wanna talk about it.” He Grumbled.
Cas chuckled. "So, you enjoyed the sex then? I wasn't too rough?"
"Well, I was thinking...would you be averse to me Doming you and tying you down to my bed, and me riding your cock while I'm Doming you? On occasion?" Cas asked hopefully.
“Fuck… fuck so good.” He admitted, making Cas chuckle.
“I want to see you too.” Dean whined, and Cas gave him what he wanted. He watched the older man strip in front of him; His shirt first, then his lower half, and soon they were both naked and bare to each other; cocks flush and hard.
"I’m not gonna lie love. I'm still shocked you want to me with my old ass." Cas said “But I hope you hurry and bring your belongings here. I can't wait to live with me sexy boyfriend" he winked.
“Yeah…fuck…yes.” Dean replied heavily, and Cas wasted no time undoing both of their jeans and pulling their hard cocks out, gripping them both tight in his fist. They both moaned loudly as the hot flesh of their cocks touched and Cas began stroking them together. It didn’t take long for the hot come to spurt from their hard lengths, covering his fists in both of their release. They were both breathing heavy, and Dean collapsed on top of him, pinning his come covered hand between them. “Fuck, Cas.”
"Good boy." Cas said as he made his way down Dean's body to his ass. He spread Dean's cheeks and assaulted his hole with his tongue. Dean groaned into the mattress, his body pushing back into Cas, shuddering. Cas licked his way into Dean's ass. He loved eating out his boy. And he knew Dean loved it too.
“Um…did I do okay?” Dean asked uncertainly, feeling self-conscious of his inexperience.
“Oh you guys going to spend some alone time together? Getting your freak on?” Sam teases from the other side of the room. Cas had forgotten he was still there, and his words send a blush to Cas’ face.
"That sure sounds like him." Sam shrugged, and Bobby grunted agreement.
Dean ordered a huge stack of pancakes and coffee, digging in when it arrived and humming happily. "This is fantastic!”
“You have no reason to be embarrassed Dean. There is nothing wrong with being a virgin, okay? Everyone was at one point.” She told him softly.
Also, this was a date with
"Get. Up. Now." Cas bellowed as he pulled his cock out of Dean's mouth. He was not pleased at the moment. The little shit couldn't even listen for two minutes and fucking bit down on his cock.
Dean grumbled, stretching. "Gotta work?" He managed to mumble out sleepily, arms tightening around Castiel.
It hadn’t lasted long but it had been perfect. They had a long talk once they got back to the bunker, and by the time they went to sleep that night, Cas had moved into Dean’s room and they were officially together.
“Ah, yes. I get questioned a lot about how I have a daughter, being a single gay man and all. Long story short, I was drunk at a college party and hooked up with my friend Meg. It was-awkward to say the least. It also cemented the fact that I am definitely gay.” Cas chuckled lightly before continuing. “Two months after that, Meg came to me telling me she was pregnant and wanted to give the baby up for adoption. I…” Cas closed his eyes tight, looking pained. “I couldn’t bear the thought of giving away my own child. I begged Meg to give me full custody. So, when Bianca was born, Meg signed over all rights to me and pretty much disappeared. So, uh…that’s, that’s the gist of it.” He shrugged, before taking a sip of his own drink.
“I figured we could use it and get back at him.” There was a hint of mischief in Cas’ eyes now and Dean was totally on board with whatever Cas had planned.
It took a few moments but Dean finally took a deep breath and looked at Cas. “When you uh… when you were touching my balls, you um… your pinky went a little too far b-back.” He managed to stammer out, a blush beautifully painted on his cheeks. At least now Cas finally understood what Dean had freaked out about. He knew his boyfriend had never been with a guy before- one of the main reasons it took so long for Dean to admit to wanting to be with Cas- and Cas assumed that meant he had no experience, or at least very little, with anal play. Cas honestly didn’t even realize his finger had touched Dean there. He reached his hand out to rub Dean’s leg again soothingly, and this time Dean didn’t flinch.
“Well, yeah. Papa and Dean are boyfriends, and since your Dean’s daddy I thought you’d be super old.” She blurted out, and Cas cringed at his daughter’s lack of filter.
Dean stood, looking innocently at him, "What's the matter, master?"
“Well, uh…you see, there is something I should have probably told you about before.” Dean took a deep breath before he confessed. “I’m a virgin.”
Cas woke up slowly. He was confused at first when he felt a weight on his chest. When he looked and saw Dean, he relaxed. He really did love his boy. He remembered telling Dean he loved him last night. He thought Dean would have been surprised at his confession. He was happily surprised that apparently Dean loved him too.
Bobby seemed taken back with such an honest reply. It took him a few seconds to compose himself to reply back. “ Listen son, Dean has been through a lot in his life. I don’t want to see him go through any more rough stuff than he has to. If you are just stringing him along just to get your jollies off, I will hurt you. And I don’t care if you are a police officer. I will make it look like an accident. If you so much as hurt a single hair on Deans head, I will hurt you too.”
“Yes, we are boyfriends now.” He affirmed for the little girl.
“You want me to fuck you?” He asked in surprise.
“Hello Mary. Hello John.” Cas said beside him.
“He should be here any minute Gabe.” Cas sighed before looking at his brother sternly. “And you will not embarrass me or I’ll tell Kali about that weekend in Reno.” He threatened the shorter man.
“Dude. I see the way he looks at you.” She scoffed.
, looking just about as shocked as Cas was.
Dean laughed, "I think you'll like it. I don’t know anybody who doesn’t." He relaxed back in the bed happily. This was starting to feel like home.
"It's ok. Your outlandish behavior is one of the reasons I love you." Cas replied as he kissed the top of Dean's head.
Dean laughed at that and smiled at him. "Oh, I always had a plan.” He joked.
Dean smiled, sliding onto his lap, kissing him and curling his tongue along Castiel’s, sucking his bottom lip. "Wait until you see me crying choking on your cock." He whispered in that bratty little voice.
"You're so weird, Cas." Dean laughed, placing a kiss on his cheek.
"I really want you to have your way with me right now. Do your worst" Cas moaned.
roommate whom he had a crush on for years, had watched gay porn and
“You’re referring to anal?” Cas asked bluntly, causing Dean to choke on air at the matter-of-fact way Cas stated it.
“I, um, I brought condoms and lube in my pants pocket on the floor.” He told the other man who bent down to retrieve said items before turning to face the room, giving Dean a close up view of the ass he would be sinking into shortly.
“Well then pick someone else Cassie! I’ve tried to help, but you haven’t liked a single one I chose!” Gabriel complained loudly.
Dean laughed. "No, I've got to work this afternoon too. Gotta help Uncle Bobby pay the bills." He nuzzled Castiel’s chest, too comfortable to move immediately.
(See the end of the chapter for
**************
His daughter pouted for a second before looking at the other man. “What do you wanna listen to?” She asked him.
“Y-you’ll do fine. Juts watch the teeth.” Cas assured him.
“What?”
“Ok, now that I’ve
“She was very sweet Dean.”
“Yes, I would too. Why don’t you invite Cas and his daughter over for dinner next weekend? Then we can all be properly introduced.” His mom suggested happily.
“And don’t you forget it!” They both laughed.
“Promise. I know I got cock-sucking lips man, but yours was definitely the first I ever sucked. Fuck that was hot. My jaw is killing me.” He said as he wiggled his jaw side-to-side, rubbing it with the hand not covered in come.
“Listen, Cas. Dean will probably kill me if he finds out I’m doing this, but here, take his number.” She thrust a piece of paper into his hand. “He has an epic crush on you. Dude’s been miserably pining over you since December, and if I have to listen to him brood anymore, I’m gonna kill him. Call him please!” She pleaded before running back out the door, leaving Cas standing there gaping like a fish.
“I wanna see your face.” He explained and then he was pushing in again. Cas wrapped his arms around Dean’s back as the other man bottomed out. “Fuck you’re so fucking tight Cas.” He said through gritted teeth.
Dean took his shirt off and decided he might as well take his pants off too before he climbed in Cas’ bed to sit against the headboard. He waited anxiously for Cas to come back, the anticipation of what they were about to do was making his cock chub up in his briefs. He was about to have full on sex with his best friend. His best friend who he was slowly falling in love with. Fuck, this was either a really good, or a really bad idea, he wasn’t sure which.
Dean made a surprised noise at the sharp yank, looking at him with wide green eyes, but all it did was make him chuckle. "I don’t think you can fuck my throat hard enough to satisfy me. Guess we'll see."
“Yes, it was.” Cas agreed, warm smile still on his face. “I look forward to next week Dean.”
Dean groaned, no longer able to form words, eyes squeezed shut and breathing coming in pants.
“Okay, Dean.” Cas smiled as he led the way down the hall to the last room on the left. They entered and Dean’s palms began to sweat, and his heart began to race before Cas pulled him in and placed a gentle kiss to his forehead.
“Of course. What’s the problem?” Sam’s eyebrows knitted in concern.
Dean stood with his hands still behind him, coming over and laying across Castiels lap, ass in the air and breathing hard.
Cas smiled back at Dean and then started the bath. He added in a couple of handfuls of Epsom salt and a few cap fulls of relaxing oils. Once the water was high enough, he shut it off and climbed in the bath. "Come sit in front of me love." He said to Dean. Dean slid in the bath and leaned back against him, giving a soft happy moan. Cas pulled Dean back against his chest. He took the wash cloth and began washing his boy's body.
"I'm totally old. I'm already 35. You are so much younger than me sunshine."
"Just used to baby’s rumble, that's all. I could totally fix up this car, Cas. Make it new and improved." Dean turned on his signal light and turned onto the road.
Once they caught their breaths, Cas rose up off of Dean’s cock, both of them wincing at the feeling, before they cleaned themselves up with tissues beside the bed. Dean laid down on his back, pulling Cas down with him to lay on his chest as he held him tight.
Dean arched an eyebrow after a moment of Castiel staring. "Can I come in, or?" He swallowed hard. "Look, if you're not serious about all this I can leave now. You left me hanging badly last night.”
"Me neither" Cas said as he kissed back. Then held Dean in his arms. "So
“Good morning everyone! My name is Miss Moseley and I will be your teacher this year. This young man next to me will be my assistant teacher until December. His name is Mr. Winchester. Now we are going to go ahead and go around the room and I want you each to say your first and last name and something fun you did this summer. Let’s start with you.” She pointed to a girl in the first row.
, Dean wanted to say, but instead he just wished Cas a good afternoon and they said goodbye and that was it. No big to-do, just Bye have a good day. All of that pining and it was all just over.
***************************************
Cas pulled into the parking lot and parked his car. He was exhausted from working all day at the library, after covering for an evening shift at the bar last night. Being a single father was tough. Thank god for his next-door neighbor Missouri. She babysat Cas’ daughter Claire while he worked, and never had a problem with all of the hours he needed her between both of his jobs. And she charged far less than she could have. She was an absolute god-send. He never thought he’d be alone raising a daughter, but here he was.
Dean frowned, looking down at the ground. "I'm sorry, master. It won’t happen again. I just wanted more."
“Mr. Winchester t-that’s n-not approp-appropriate. I have no…no reason to frisk you. Unless, unless you have something illegal in your possession. Do you have anything illegal that I should know about?” Officer Novak asked. He was still trying to regain control of the situation that kept slowly slipping put of his control.
fallen in love with you." Cas finished. He was so nervous about Dean's response that he couldn't meet his eyes and looked down at their clasped hands instead.
“What about your parents? They didn’t help?” He asked curiously. A dark look passed over Cas’ face and he grimaced.
“But…” His father began in protest before stopping at the look on her face.
“Thirty! What the hell does a 30-year-old want with a twenty-three-year-old?” His father barked loudly, making Dean hunch his shoulders like a chastised child.
“What is it sweetheart? You know you can tell us anything.” His mom assured him and he smiled sadly.
"Of course, they did. Assholes." Cas laughed. "You sure I wasn't too rough with you tonight love?"
“Hey, um…” Dean began, a nervous tone to his voice. “So…I came out to my parents yesterday.”
"I feel stupid now about what I was gonna give you." Cas said embarrassed.
"If you do like it rough, we can definitely explore that together. I have no problems pushing your limits if that's what you want. And I do love a sub who’s a little bratty. That's one of the things that attracted me to you. But I also love being able to praise and reward a sub when they try to be good for me. And aftercare is one of my favorite things." Cas said, still running his fingers through Dean's hair.
“How do you feel?” Cas asked, a touch of concern in his voice. Dean wiggled his hips a little and winced.
Cas turned to look at Dean. "No, you definitely can't." He said. But he wasn't talking about the sky.
Dean sighed, smirking, "You saying you're going to have saggy balls in less than 30 years?” He joked.
Dean didn’t answer right away. He didn’t want to lie. But he didn’t want to hurt Cas’ feelings either.
Dean nodded, still breathing hard and lips a little damp from all the moaning and kissing. "I can do this. Please, master."
Cas turned Dean on his side so he could snuggle up behind him. He hoped they both got a good night sleep because he planned on having a serious conversation when they woke up.
“Wait, you’re not freaking out over this?” He asked confused.
and otherwise. He’d daydreamed about this for so long, it almost didn’t feel real that it was about to be a reality. But he was also incredibly nervous. They had already had their fair share of awkward moments, so it was a real possibility that the date would end up being incredibly awkward too, which would royally
“Do you think you are ready for my fingers?” Cas asked as he massaged the firm globes of Dean’s ass.
“I’m fine. I do have a question though that maybe you could assist me with.”
“No worries honey. I won't tell a soul.” She promised with a smile, before turning a serious gaze his way. “Just a warning though, dear. I'd suggest you wait till you finish your semester here before you go hitting on one of the parents.”
“Heya Cas.” The young man greeted as Cas stood up and leaned in to kiss his boyfriend, causing a blush to appear on his freckled cheeks. Cas loved putting that blush there.
Cas stopped what he was doing when he saw the red of Dean's panties. He ran his finger over the edge "Do you always wear underwear like this Dean?" He asked curiously.
“I’m proud of you Dean.” He said sincerely, and Dean felt his ears heat up.
“Okay, what’s a secret of yours that I’d be surprised to find out?” He asked his friend, who started to blush. ‘Hm, interesting’. Cas though as he waited for Dean’s answer.
That was, until about 3 weeks after he started browsing. He finally saw it; the posts to rival all others.
“You know, I think if you came out to your family, I’m pretty sure they will all support you Dean.” She said compassionately.
“I-I honestly don’t know Charlie.” He said truthfully as his shoulders slumped in defeat. “The date was going really well as far as I knew, but…he uh, he just jumped up out of nowhere and fled. I tried calling him. I left, heh, I left at least a dozen messages but he hasn’t called me back.” He explained.
, he just had his first ever kiss and his brain wasn’t firing on all cylinders right now.
“Y-yeah? You like ‘em?” Dean asked hesitantly, voice low with clear arousal. Cas pulled the other man’s hips down, grinding his hard cock up against him.
"I didn't actually arrest you Dean." Cas exasperated.
“Of course, sweetie. Hey, why don’t we go in the other room and color while the boys talk for a bit?” Mary stood and held her hand out for Bianca who took it and followed Mary out of the room, skipping along besides her. Now that Bianca wasn’t there as a buffer, Cas’ nerves came back in full force. He felt Dean shift closer on the couch and grab his hand, squeezing it in reassurance before a throat cleared across the room. He looked up into the intimidating gaze of his boyfriend’s father.
He could hear the glee in her voice when she responded “Yes! We’re going shopping bitches! Oh, montage!”
“Awesome Man. Thanks. Hey I’m gonna run. I gotta wake up super early for work tomorrow, so I’ll catch ya later.”
“I bet.” She said as she sipped her drink, before looking up at him with a glint of mischief in her eyes. Uh-oh. Dean did not like that look. “Soooo… run into anyone interesting today?” She asked, her innocent look clearly fake. “Maybe someone handsome, who's tall, dark-haired, with bright blue eyes perhaps?”
Castiel climbed up on the bed and sat between Dean's spread legs. He couldn’t wait to sink into his warm body.
“Yeah, thanks Cas.” He just smiled sadly. “It was nice talking to you every afternoon.”
“I haven’t been completely, um…completely truthful Cas.” Dean began. “I’ve been pretty sure I’m not straight for longer than I let on. Truth is, I only really asked to experiment with you because I wanted you. You’re hot, ya know?” He shrugged. “But after the first time we touched, I started catching feelings, beyond just wanting to have sex with you. And then the more we did, the harder I fell. I’ve been positive I was Bi since almost the beginning, but I, heh…. I didn’t want to admit that, because I didn’t want to stop all of this.” He waved his hand between the two of them. “So yeah, I uh I love you, I’m in love with you Cas.” He smiled then, and Cas just stared at him as he processed everything Dean just said.
“Heya Cas. Hi Bee.” He smiled as he made his way over to them.
He sighed as he rubbed the tension out of the bridge of his nose, before sending the images of the website to his client. Hopefully they would accept them and then he could finish the few details he had left before making the site go live. Then he could move on to the next client. At least that one would be more exciting and hopefully hold his attention better. It was a site for a local Honeybee farm after all, and it was something that greatly interested him.
“Fuck. We’re both idiots.” Dean chuckled, causing Cas to chuckle and nod in agreement.
Dean grinned, smirking as he kneeled. "Promises promises..." he opened his mouth a little a lapped Castiel’s tip.
"Pay for parts and I'll come over after work." Dean shrugged, "sex may be a possibility.” He said as he winked.
“Heh, yeah…about that…” Dean chuckled nervously, rubbing the back of his neck. “Can we sit down?”
November and December passed much the same way September and October had; fast and in the blink of an eye. His daily short chats with Cas being the highlight of most of his days. It was already December 23
Dean held his hands out, with a shit eating grin on his face. “You gonna arrest me officer? Its procedure, right?”
Bobby just stared at him for a few seconds before relying “You know what? You’re alright son.”
“So last night was, um… fun.” He blurted out the first thing he could think of as he rubbed the back of his neck nervously.
“What is it son?” His dad asked. Dean could even hear the concern in his father’s voice and it helped ease his anxiety slightly.
Dean bit his lip, "How about tonight at 6. I'm not sure I can wait."
“I can’t believe my baby is graduating.” Mary said beside him, tears in her eyes as she watched her son on the field.
Once his brain came back online, and it hit him what they just did, it was like cold water being splashed in his face. He quickly excused himself, fumbling through an excuse to cut the night short, and he ran to his room, shutting himself safely inside.
“Its ok Dean, calm down.” Castiel tried to reassure his boyfriend; hands held out like he was dealing with a skittish animal. That was pretty much what it felt like to Cas. They had been fine a minute ago. Cas had been on top of Dean, kissing up the inside of this thighs as he rolled his balls in one hand. Then Dean had jumped like a spooked animal and pushed Cas away before sitting back against the headboard and wrapping his arms around his knees.
He must have still been drunk on endorphins, because before he could think on it, he blurted out “I wanna have sex.”
So, boredom,
“Shit. Shit shit shit…” He mumbled to himself, face red. He frantically tried to figure out how to fix this, but came up blank. He must have been silent to long because Sam just cleared his throat, causing Dean to finally look up and see the smirk on his little brother’s face.
Cas. Please tell me what I did wrong.” Dean begged but Cas just shook his head.
“Well Cas, you’ve come to the right place.” Dean winked and Cas felt his heart beat faster. Hot guys always managed to make him nervous. “What are you looking for?”
“Nope.” Dean replied cheekily, popping the last syllable of the word. “Hey, at least your daughter already knows never to drink and drive.” He winked, sending heat down the base of the older man’s spine.
“Get your head out of the clouds Winchester!” Charlie shouted at him laughing. She probably knew exactly what had been going through his head.
“Never pictured you for a cuddler.” Cas teased as he swirled his finger lazily over Dean’s chest.
“M-me too.” Dean groaned as Cas pushed his thigh between Dean’s legs, grinding up against his quickly hardening cock. “More…fuck…I want more.”
Finally, it hit him, how he could find out; Charlie. She had to know how Dean was doing. After getting Bianca off to school on Tuesday morning, he made the drive over to 7-Eleven, hoping the fiery red-head was working. When he walked in the store and saw her behind the counter, his shoulders sagged in relief, and he walked up to the counter. The look on her face though, had his body tensing.
Cas held his grip on Dean's hair as he slipped the head of his cock into Dean's mouth. His lips had to stretch obscenely to accommodate his girth. His little brat looked so sexy on his knees for him.
“Okay Dean. Get some rest. Ill talk to you tomorrow.” He replied as Dean hung up the phone.
“Absolutely not, Gabe!” He hissed after seeing the person in question; An extremely muscular man that looked like he lived at the gym. He was literally the opposite of what Cas was looking for. He didn’t have the slim body that Cas fantasized about every night, nor the freckles that haunted his waking hours. Essentially, he wasn’t
“Yeah, but what if he doesn’t feel the same way?” He asked, nerves getting the best of him.
? He knew what could happen to a male teacher if parents found out he bat for the other team. He was only student teaching and he’d be gone before he even begun his career! He must have been broadcasting his panic loudly on his face, because he felt a warm hand rest on his shaking shoulder.
“Twenty-three actually. My birthday was last month.” Dean told the other man. “Is, uh…is that okay?” He asked timidly, still unsure whether his age would be a deal breaker or not for the older man. He got an eyeroll in response.
Ok my lovely readers. This is my first real multi-chapter fic that I'm posting on a regular basis. And I'm extremely excited about that. This will be a fic and then a sequel after. This entire Fic is from  RP with my amazing Girl who I have listed as my co-creator. And the first part of this fic is completely finished in RP. I just have to tweak it all to actually post it in chapters. But it's all already written so just basic editing at this point.
“Hey, dude, its all good. That was probably the funniest thing that’s ever happened to me, so thanks for that bud.”
“Y-you don’t need to…. fuck…to deep throat Dean. Just…. uh…just suck on, on what you can.” Cas told him in between breaths. Hearing the clear arousal in Cas’ voice had Dean craving more. He began bobbing his head up and down, sucking on the head each time he came up. He fondled Cas balls with his free hand as he continued his ministrations. After a little while, his jaw began to ache, but he was determined to do this. He doubled his efforts, bobbing his head faster as he stroked his hand in time with his mouth. He was so hard in his pants that he released Cas’ balls and reached town inside his boxers to stroke his own cock. It was difficult maintaining the rhythm of his head while he jerked himself, but if the noises Cas was making were any indication, he was doing fine.
Also, in case you haven't noticed, this is a heavy smut fic with plot. There is a lot of kinks involved.
“They are. I’ve been there a few times with old colleagues of mine. The food is very delicious.” Cas assured as he pulled away from the curb. They made small talk on the short drive to the restaurant. Dean found out that Cas was a free-lance computer programmer who mainly designed websites for clients right now. Dean, in turn, told Cas that he worked part-time at his uncle’s garage while he attended school.
“Ok good. So that’s settled then. Age difference is not a problem for either of us. That’s one of the elephants in the room taken care of at least.”
"Fuck. Well I guess maybe I'm a little jealous ok!" He huffed.
“Anything you want my love.” He replied as he leaned up to kiss that handsome face. He couldn’t wait to play with that ass some more.
Also, I may decide to write some timestamps for this fic. If you have something you'd like to see let me know!
“I’m 20. Don’t worry, I’m legal.” Dean glanced up as their drinks were dropped off and thanked the waitress. “And you?” He asked Castiel.
“Okay, y-yeah we could try that. Now?”
“Like that saying goes, kids say the darndest things.” Cas sighed.
“Oh yeah, please order me around.” Dean grinned flirtatiously, as he paced alongside the wall, dragging his fingers along it.
“Good to know.” Cas smiled smugly.
“Oh, just a part for Baby. She needs a new muffler and I’ve been trying to find one on eBay. It’s a bitch to find parts for her sometimes, but I just found someone selling it. Just hoping no one out bids me in the next three days before the auction ends. Send me some good vibes Cas.”
Dean stirred up eggs for scrambled eggs and sausage, raiding the fridge to add onions, peppers and cheese. He yawned, sighing.
Cas chuckled. "Glad you enjoyed yourself. Was the fucking to your liking?" He jokingly asked.
"Yeah. Said they didn’t care as long as I was happy, especially Sam." Dean turned so he could snuggle into Castiel’s chest.
“What’s that?” Dean asked curiously.
Cas pulled off Dean's cock right before he was about to come. He was delighted to watch his boy thrash around when he stopped right before he could finish.
He honestly didn’t even believe his eyes at first. He figured it was either a joke or an accident. That was the only explanations he could figure. But he was bored enough to check it out. So, He messaged the poster and they agreed to meet the next day at noon. Either he would have a decent shelf to display all of his Star Wars memorabilia or he would get a good laugh out of the whole thing, Dean went to sleep that night with a smile, just thinking of how amusing the whole thing was.
“So…How did I do?” His tone was joking but he really hoped he did good. He heard Cas chuckle above him and he looked up to meet his eye.
"Good for you Dean." Cas said. He hoped Dean didn't want to leave him. They both sat on the hood and stared at the sky for a while, just breathing in the fresh air. Eventually it was starting to get a little chilly.  "Do you want to come back to my place now?" Cas asked.
"Well I’m glad you aren't a one-night stand with me love." He replied as he kissed Dean's forehead. “They are ok with you being gay though right?" He asked worried.
" Why am I asking that you sold your body? Or if you've ever been with a Dom?" Cas asked to clarify.
"Dean! My cock barely even fits in your mouth! And I just told you two minutes before that that I was going to teach you patience, and yet you didn't listen!" Cas was so frustrated. "And why on earth would you think biting my dick would be a good idea?!"
"Master, gonna come, gonna come!" Dean writhed, chest heaving with heavy breaths, chains on the cuffs rattling.
But the weekends? That was a different story. They were used to going out with friends, or at least out to the bar, just the two of them. Now that they were pushing thirty, they didn’t party as much, but it was still nice to have the option to go out on a Friday or Saturday night. Instead, they were stuck inside because of a mandatory quarantine in their area. It was sad when Cas actually looked forward to grocery shopping, because it meant he had a valid reason to leave his house.
“Listen, Dean…. well…Dean can be an idiot sometimes. I love him like a brother but sometimes I really want to hit him upside the head. Look, Cas, If Dean is still interested, would you be willing to give him a second chance? I know if you two sit and actually talk about what happened, you’d understand. But I don’t want to give him false hope, ya know?” She shrugged.
“Papa, are we going out to eat yet!” Bianca whined as she tugged on his sleeve. He was pretty impressed that she had sat through the entire graduation without complaining until now.
“You too Castiel. And don’t worry, I’m sure you will be pleasantly surprised when you pick your daughter up.” Charlie said mysteriously, with a suspicious glint in her eye that confused the hell out of him. He left the store and shook off the weird interaction, as he started his car and made his way to the school a couple of blocks north.
"Fuck" Cas whispered. He was only kind of joking. He had always fantasized about fisting a sub but no-one ever let him. He drew back his hand and let the crop hit Dean directly on his hole.
“Okay so about a week ago, I uh…” Dean rubbed the back of his neck nervously, the blush having worked its way down his face. “I accidently watched a uh, a gay porn, and… I jerked off to it.” He finished with a whisper. Cas just stared at him dumbfounded.
“Hey Cas.” The butterflies in his stomach felt like they were doing the quick step. “So, uh…where are we going tonight?”
Damn, he really needed to lay off the Buzzfeed articles before he talked himself into a panic attack.
"It was a very well-done Disney movie." Cas said honestly.
Dean stared after Castiel’s car for a few minutes. He stared at the address and at this point, half expected it to be a joke, climbing in the Impala and turning towards home. He fell asleep tired with the scrap of paper on his bedside table.
Dean thought about this for a second, turning the sausage. "I think that might actually work.”
Dean took a deep breath and concentrated on the gentle hands in his hair. He hadn't had touches like this ever since he could remember. "I do want this to work. But you're confusing me. Everything you're doing is new and weird.”
Cas was distracted throughout his day. He couldn't stop thinking about Dean and how much he really did want him to move in. He knew he was probably crazy, but he fell hard and fast for his boy. And he didn't want to be away from him anymore than he needed to. But Dean was only 20. He probably didn't want to be stuck like that to some 35-year-old weirdo. Cas sighed. He couldn't wait to get home and see Dean tonight.
with you?" Cas smiled.
“Oh, thank you. You didn’t have to bring anything.” She took the bottle and walked to the kitchen, yelling up the stairs for Dean to come down. Cas heard footsteps coming down the stairs and then Dean turned the corner.
“No. I know Gabe. And I appreciate everything you’ve done for me.” He told him sincerely, and it was the truth. He may be a pain in the ass sometimes, but he always had Cas’ back when it matters, and this time was no different. He’d dropped everything to help him leave Bartholomew and move out here.
"Dean, did you come without permission?" He asked in his best Dom voice.
“And who’s this little lady?” Dean smiled as he reached out his hand to Cas’ daughter, who grabbed one of his fingers in her fist and tried to pull it into her mouth. Dean laughed and played tug of war with the little girl who started giggling.
"Because you're a Dom?"  Dean looked bewildered, resting a gentle hand on his shoulder.
“Yeah, um…yeah Cas. I uh, I’m in love with you.” He shrugged before he rushed on “And I get it if you don’t feel the same, I do. We can just pretend like this whole conversation didn’t- “He was cut off as Cas’ lips came crashing into his. He froze in shock for a second before he finally sank into the kiss. There were no fireworks or anything cheesy like that, but to Dean it was still the best kiss of his entire life. They finally had to come up for air and Cas pulled back and rested his forehead against Dean’s.
Anyway, back to Dean and his secretiveness. Cas was determined to figure out what was up with the other man. He thought about Charlie’s upcoming party and figured that maybe he could get the truth out of Dean when their friends were there. It would be a lot harder for him to lie with multiple witnesses.
“Y-yeah Cas. I wanna feel you inside me.” He pleaded and then he felt it; the head of Cas’ cock pushed in, breaching the tight ring. His eyes clenched tight as he tried to relax around the large girth stretching him open.
"I've never dated anyone before either. I'm definitely the lucky one to have found him. He deserved the world." Cas smiled as he kissed Dean's cheek.
Dean grinned at it, "Good choice. I could use a good burger." He leaned over to peck Castiel’s cheek.
Once Cas got them inside the house he looked towards Dean. " Dean, do you trust me right now?" Cas asked.
“Uh, hey Cas, can I talk to you about something?” He asked nervously.
Cas reached over him to pull out the lube in the dresser drawer and poured some on his fingers before he managed to slip a digit into Dean’s ass. Dean tensed for a second before he begged for more. After 10 minutes of prep, he was begging for Cas’ dick and he only had to wait for a minute before he felt the head of the other man’s dick at his hole.
him even more. Fuck. It was way too soon to be even thinking of the L-word yet.
Cas rushed in his room throwing on his uniform and rushing back to the kitchen. He grabbed Dean and kissed him. "Lock up after yourself love. I'll see you tonight." He said as he rushed out the front door.
Dean cried out with each thrust, the angle making it feel like Cas was almost filling his belly. "Fuck!"
“No problem. I’ll talk to you later jerk.”
much. He had walked into the garage to meet Dean so they could go on a hunt, but he had arrived before Dean was ready. The hunter had been washing Baby, getting her ready for the drive and Cas stopped dead in his tracks at the sight of him. Shorts. Dean was wearing shorts, and not just any kind,
He could see Dean stroking his hard length from the corner of his eye and Cas couldn't help but glance over at the man’s lap, watching Dean's cock disappear in his fist, as he moved his hand up and down. His own cock leaked as he stared at the other man's. He itched to reach over and replace Dean’s hand with his own, or even with his mouth. He was so lost in thought he didn't hear Dean until he yelled his name.
“More Cas.” He begged and Cas complied. He slowly pulled out, until the head tugged on his rim, before he pushed back in just as slow. “Fuck.” He moaned as the pain started turning to pleasure. Cas continued his slow thrusts, leaning over to cover Dean’s body with his own. The change in angle had Cas nailing his prostate making Dean yell in pleasure. “God, Fuck, Yes Cas!”
"Maybe later." Dean smirked, but he gave a cheerful little wink to temper it.
Dean gave a wave and smiled. "Finally home, huh? I've been waiting.”
“Oh, well that was smart of you.” Mary told her, biting back a laugh. “And why did you want to make a good impression?”
"Dude, I stole peanut butter for you." Dean rolled to face him, trailing fingers down the muscles of Castiel’s abdomen. "Besides, after that? There’s no way I wouldn't come back."
“I think we ruined these.” Cas managed through heavy breathing; voice raspy after that spectacular orgasm. Dean chuckled in response
"Two o’clock." Dean mumbled, lifting his head to look at him, "What about you?"
“He’s better off without me anyway.” He muttered.
"You keep saying you love it rough so I tried to be as rough as I could." Cas said honestly.
"So obviously I know you are a sub. And a bratty one at that." He chuckled as he pinched Dean's ass. "And I'm your Dom. But you do love stimulation on your cock, right?"
“I talked to Cas yesterday.” She began, and Dean tensed up at the mention of the older man’s name. “Yeah, I knew your mood had something to do with him, and between what he told me, and your reaction just now, I’m pretty sure I know what happened.”
“Hey there. Can I help you find a tree?”
“What are you blaming me for now Gabe?” Cas sighed, already tired with this day.
“Yes Dean.”
He stayed wrapped in their arms until the tears finally stopped and he moved to sit up, ending the family hug. He reached his hand up to wipe away the wetness on his cheeks. “Th-thank you.” He managed to choke out, voice hoarse from crying.
Dean just stared at the card for a good ten seconds before throwing his head back and letting out a roaring laugh. He laughed so hard, tears started falling from his eyes and his stomach began to hurt. He could not believe his dorky best friend sent him vibrators. This was probably the best joke ever, and he was pretty sure it wasn’t even intended to be one, considering Cas wouldn’t recognize a joke if it bit him on the ass. This had Gabe written all over it, he just knew it. Once he finally stopped laughing enough to be able to breath again, he picked up the phone to dial Cas. It rang three times before his best friend finally answered.
“I… I’m….” He started before he had to swallow around the lump in his throat. “I…I have something I need to tell you.” He whispered at the floor.
Cas got up behind Dean and arranged him how he liked, face down and ass up. He spit in his hand and used it to slick his cock. He lined up his cock with Dean's hole and slammed himself in, in one solid stroke.
“P-please Cas… please…I-I n-need more…” He begged, not even sure what he was asking for.
"I'd take you anyway." Cas kissed Dean back and then walked off back to his bedroom. He wasn't lying though. He didn't care. He wanted Dean with him all of the time.
“Why not?” The other man’s hand dropped from where it was reaching for the door handle, and his head tilted in confusion.
“What happened Cas? Did I do something wrong.” Dean moved to come closer but Cas backed up and held his hands out.
“I hear ya. Luckily, I’m off this weekend so I can go LARPing. I can’t wait.” She told him.
"Love you too baby boy." Cas said as Dean kissed his neck.
“Meg Masters, and uh, I’m not sure you are aware sir, but you missed a button.” She smirked as she pointed at his dress shirt, causing the entire class to chuckle at his expense. He looked down, and sure enough he had. He turned away from the class, completely mortified, and fixed his shirt quickly before turning back around.
After a few moments, Dean slowly turned around “Fuck Cas.” He said as he opened his arms. Cas fell into them and rested his head on Dean’s chest. “We are definitely doing that again.” Dean said, Making them both chuckle. “And um, maybe we can do some more anal stuff next time?” Cas looked up into Dean’s face and saw him smiling shyly.
“Youcankissmerighthere” He blurted out without thinking, so fast it came out as one big word. “I-I mean….”
“Yes. Y-yes I am. I’ve uh…I’ve had a crush on you for years too.” He admitted shyly, hope blooming in his chest.
"Let me know what parts I need and I’ll give you the money to get them my love." Cas replied.
******************
Dean swallowed and looked at him curiously, "You're so strange. Nobody’s ever said stuff like this to me in my entire life.”
Because Sam is there. I wouldn't want him to have to hear things, and we wouldn't be able to sleep naked or anything." Dean kissed him and then rolled off the bed, "You want omelets before you go?"
Cas kissed the top of Dean's head as he settled on his chest. "Are you ok Dean?" He asked. He knew he had been a little rough but he hoped he didn't scare Dean off. He hoped this thing between them could grow. He already had feelings for this young little brat.
“Does that mean you guys are boyfriends?” The curious little girl questioned, face a picture of innocence. Dean spit out his mouthful of water all over the plate in front of him, and Cas froze, not sure how to answer that question.
"Dean love, please calm down. If we don't have a rational calm conversation about this, it's not going to work. And I really want this to work, and I thought you did too." Cas tried to calm Dean down. He was pretty sure now that Dean's idea of being with a Dom was not a healthy one. And that would not do.
“It’s in the song Papa.” She rolled her eyes “What does that mean? How do you make the bad guys good for a weekend though?” She questioned again. Cas could see Dean doubled over now, and Cas sent a glare his way before turning back to his daughter.
He wrapped his hand around what he couldn’t fit in his mouth and stroked as he bobbed his head up and down the hard cock.
"Can we try again?" Dean asked softly, "maybe after brunch?"
“Cas, Cas! What’s wrong?” Dean pleaded, most likely confused at Cas’ sudden change of mood.
Dean paused, frowning as he finished his breakfast and then followed him into the living room. "Cas, are you sure you're feeling okay?” He asked with concern in his voice.
, doesn't really matter.” He retorted. “Point is, I'm fucking
“Wait…what?” He blurted out dumbly, the words not making sense to him. There was no way he heard that right.
“You sure did sweetheart.” He smiled at her.
had been a weird experience that he really didn’t want to repeat any time soon. He shuddered as he recalled it. At least now he wasn’t worried about it being messy. One less thing to be nervous about was a plus in his book.
“Fuck, Cas…” Dean moaned, and Cas could feel his friend’s cock harden against his own, which was digging painfully into his zipper. He reached down to undo his pants and pull his hard cock out, lining it up with Dean’s panty clad length. When he grinded them together again, they both let out twin moans.
Dean faked a chuckle, withdrawing his finger and lowering his mouth to suck and
“Oh….” Dean’s browns fled to his hairline at Cas’ words. “I, uh, I didn’t know you were gay.”
Cas chuckled. Dean could really be adorable. "Good to know. I am clean as well. So, going forward I'll make sure I come deep inside that belly of yours" he said as he rubbed Dean's flat stomach.
"Relax, Cas. I paid for this. I did, however, call your buddies at the station to call you in as a favor." Dean stepped over and kissed him. "Happy Valentine’s Day, Cas." He smiled as he handed him a box of chocolates.
“Hello Dean. Is everything alright?” The other man asked sincerely. Dean just sighed.
Their tongues dance together, tangling and twisting, and Cas continued undressing Dean; First his pants, and then his briefs, leaving Dean completely bare and exposed. He stepped back and took his fill of the younger man, and Dean could see the hunger in his eyes. His cock was hard now, standing tall and proud and Dean tried to cover himself with his hand before Cas shook his head.
“Dean…. Fuck…” He pushed back against the other man. He still felt wet and open from the previous night. “Fuck me.”
At 11:15 he got in the car and drove over to the location from the text. He pulled into the driveway of a very old-fashioned type home that looked like it was built in the 1960s. Paint seemed to be peeling from the house as he walked up the walkway and knocked on the front door. He waited for what seemed like forever before the door opened and his jaw dropped to the floor.
“Thank you, Dean. This is her first Christmas and I want to have a real tree to celebrate.” Cas explained.
“I think Taylor Swift sounds good.” Dean smiled at his daughter in agreement.
walk out of the school with his daughter, his brain still reeling from seeing him again. Over the past two months since the Carnival, he had convinced himself that he had imagined just how sexy the other man was; That is mind must have over-exaggerated just how blue his eyes had been, that is jaw wasn't really that chiseled, and that his hair wasn't really that sexy. But nope, he definitely hadn't remembered wrong. Castiel still looked like a Greek god; Features so perfect, they could have been chiseled in stone. The fact that the dude turned out to be kind of dorky and awkward, only made him that much more attractive to Dean. What grown man still blushed like that talking to a teacher? An adorable one, that’s who.
“I see our guests have arrived.” A man’s voice came from the other side of the room, making Cas turn to look. The man was tall, dark haired, and had a stern look on his face. Cas assumed this must be Dean’s father, John Winchester. The “Speak of the Devil.” Dean whispered assured him he was right. Cas stood up to greet him properly.
“What about that one over there?” Gabe suggested, and Cas turned around to look.
“Would you like to sit out here on the couch for a little bit and relax first? Or would you like to lay down in bed now?” Cas asked, giving Dean the choice.
Dean stared at him for a moment, speechless. "You’re... in love...with me?" He squeezed his hand, trying to meet his eyes.
Dean made a strangled noise, hips twitching but holding as still as possible. "Fuck, master, please...it feels so good.” Dean cried out.
"I scheduled this day to see you, so I'm free. Didn’t exactly expect all this aftercare talk but...it’s nice." Dean sat up and pulled on his panties and pants, tugging his short over his head and slipping on shoes as Cas got ready as well.
“I just want to know why a thirty-year-old man with a kid wants to date a twenty-three-year-old college student.” John crossed his arms as he stared Cas down.
“I see what you’re trying to do! It’s not gonna work.” Gabe spun on his heel and marched back out of the room. Cas could hear him banging around in the kitchen so he figured he might as well get up and help his brother look for his missing stuff before he destroyed anything.
“I know what we planned for tonight. But you know we don’t have to do anything if you aren’t comfortable Dean.” Cas assured him, probably noticing the nervousness rolling off of Dean. Dean smiled and felt warmth spread through him at how thoughtful Cas always was. It eased some of his nerves and solidified that he definitely was ready for this.
“Y-you um… Do you still have them?” Cas asked, voice slightly wavering as his body started reacting to the thought of his best friend in the panties.
As soon as Cas felt Dean coming and clenching around him, he couldn't hold back. Three more thrusts and he came in the condom deep inside Dean's ass. He gently pulled out and tossed the condom to the side and pulled Dean into his arms to lay on his chest.
“I gotta go. I’ll call you later.” He said quietly into the phone before hanging up.
The rest of the ceremony went fast, since there were not many students after Dean and soon, they were all in the parking lot. Dean was roped into many pictures and hugs while Cas just watched with a fond smile, feeling so proud of him.
When he walked in, there was a heavy-set black woman writing on the board. She turned to him with a smile when she heard him come in. “You must be Mr. Winchester.” She said cheerfully as she held her hand out “I’m Missouri Moseley.”
"I mean, I could just fist you if you really want something big in your ass." Cas joked.
“What can I say? I’m a cuddle slut.” Dean shrugged with the shoulder Cas wasn’t laying on. “Fuck that was good.”
gonna be sore after this. "How do you feel my love?" Cas asked Dean.
His mood didn’t fare any better the next day either, as he worked a shift in Bobb’s garage. The old man called him an ‘idjit’ a few times and told him ‘get his head out of his ass and get to work’ when he became distracted by his own brooding, and bumped his head on the undercarriage of the car he was changing the oil on.
“Yes, I’m Castiel.” He nodded, holding his hand out to shake.  “Cas for short.” The shook hands and then she turned to look at his daughter.
“I love you too.” Cas whispered in the space between their lips and Dean couldn’t ever remember smiling this big, or ever being so happy to hear four little words.
“I’m gonna cum” Cas gasped as the vibe sunk deep. His balls pulled up tight and he released thick ropes of cum all over his chest and belly.
flopped beside him.
Charlie had basically dragged Dean here, after two weeks of annoying him relentlessly, before he finally caved and agreed to come. He didn’t really want to, but Charlie insisted he needed to ‘put him self out there’ and ‘cheer the fuck up’-her words, not his. It was February, and it had been two months since he had finished teaching; two long months of Dean being a ‘miserable sack of shit’-again, Charlie’s words, not his. His last semester of school had started last month and he really tried to focus on his last few classes he needed before he could get his degree and start teaching for real, but his thoughts were consumed by the blue-eyed man he hadn’t seen since December.
Once Cas caught his breath, he pulled out of Dean slowly and reached up to release the handcuffs. "I'll be right back love. I’m just going to get a washcloth to clean us up." Cas said as he leaned down and kissed his boy's cheek. Dean hummed happily, shutting his eyes with the gentle kiss and bringing his arms down to rub feeling back into his wrists.
"No promises." Dean smirked. "What time will you be home?"
“It’s weird to see you not at school Mr.-I mean- Dean.” She told him bluntly, pulling another chuckle out of the younger man.
“Bianca, how many times have I told you not to run down the steps?” He scolded his daughter as she turned the corner into the room.
“I’ll also take the bacon cheeseburger, but with a Dr. Pepper. And seasoned fries please.” Dean turned back to Cas as the waitress walked away, serious expression on his face. “So, ask away. I really am an open book, and I don’t mean to be too playful.”
“God you are such a dork.” He said fondly.
“Really?” Cas squeaked, shocked at that revelation.
“Fuck…” Dean whispered and Cas turned his head just enough to make eye contact. He saw lust and arousal clear in his friend’s gaze and he slowly stroked his hand up and down the hard length in his fist, making Dean’s eyes roll “Fuck that feels so good Cas…” He felt Dean tentatively stroke his cock and he sighed in pleasure, eyes closing as he sank into the feeling.
“It was your brother’s idea.” Cas smirked back, eyes dancing with laughter as well.
"Yes sir, please!" Dean responded breathlessly, trembling as he tried not to move.
Dean stared at him for a moment. "Everyone gets insecure. But if you're wanting to tell or ask me something, please, do.”
"Yes, I ate earlier. And you didn't have to buy anything for tomorrow love." Cas frowned.
Cas had his keys out and was putting them in the door when Dean appeared behind him on the steps, holding a large ring gag in one hand, and a jar of strawberry jam in the other, smirking.
Dean grunted, almost immediately shoving back into him. "Fuck me hard, its valentine’s day." Dean said breathlessly.
-sex. You know, the
“Y-yeah, that.” He said dumbly.
“Dean’s next!” She yelled and he turned to the field to watch.
Castiel was finally realizing that Dean loved his sex hard and fast. He knew he loved the slower sex they had previously, but he also loved it like this. He pulled his fist back a little and then punched his fist into Dean hard and and fast. He expected that it wouldn't take much for Dean to come since he was hitting his prostate almost every thrust of his hand.
Dean pulled back breathing hard, biting his lip plump from kissing. "I believe I was promised breakfast." He grinned, a little mischievous but most just honestly happy.
Dean watched Cas sleep for a few minutes, fingers twirling in his hair, sighing softly as he curled into his arms and passed out.
“Thanks Red.” He rolled his eyes at her. “Let me just grab my change of clothes and get dressed and then we can head out to the diner.” They began walking towards the parking lot where he got his clothes and went to get changed really quick. He made his way back to his car, a beautiful ‘67 impala that his father had gifted him when he graduated high school. It was definitely his most prized possession. They drove to the Terrace Diner, which was their usual hang out spot. They went in and were seated quickly. Once the waitress had taken their orders, Charlie cleared her throat and Dean looked up at her.
“Um…sure…I will send you some ‘good vibes.’ ” Cas replied, not sure what Dean meant but he would find out and send him some if that is what he needed.
****************
Cas started pushing his tongue in Dean. Over and over again. And then he slapped him hard on his ass. Dean jerked, a groan echoing from his chest. "Cas! More!" He wiggled, ass turning pink.
A month ago, his life had been much different. He had been living in New York City, in a penthouse suite with his fiancé, planning a wedding with the man he thought he was going to spend the rest of his life with. Instead, he had come home one afternoon last month, wanting to surprise Bartholomew for lunch, and found him in bed with another man. He remembered just standing there, frozen in shock, as he watched the love of his life, fucking some young twink right in their bed. Bart didn’t even have the decency to look ashamed when he caught Castiel standing there. He never even apologized either. He acted as if Cas was the crazy one for being upset because, and as he had put it, “It’s just sex Castiel. Don’t make a big deal out of it.”
“Okay, got it. No kissing.” Dean nodded in understanding. “I was thinking, maybe we could um…watch another porn but this time, like jerk each other off?” He said in question and Cas felt his pulse begin to race at the thought.
“I, uh…I think I wanna lay down now.” Dean replied nervously, but not wanting to draw this out any further. If he waited, he would just be a wreck the entire time. His nerves felt like a live wire right now.
That didn’t mean he felt ready though, oh no. Totally the opposite. He felt like he was going to throw up every time he thought about it. He had so many emotions running through him that it was hard to wade his way through the river of his feelings. There was fear and terror. There was anxiousness and hope. He was a jumble of nerves, not knowing how they would react. Would they accept him? Or would they disown him like Cas’ parents had? Maybe they would even tell him they loved him but didn’t want to see any of his relationships in their face. There were so many possibilities of how it could go down, that he was making himself crazy just imagining them.
“Oh, well…. then what happened? Why did you run out of my house last week?” Cas asked, confusion clear in his voice.
“He can be a real pain in the ass sometimes, like last Friday…” Cas chuckled fondly “But I owe him everything. He was there for me when I had no one. He still has my back when I need him. I wouldn’t be where I am without him.”
“I’m 35. I’m too old for you Dean.” Cas dejectedly replied.
Cas threw his keys into the basket on the counter near the front door before making his way inside the apartment he shared with his best friend. He heard Dean’s voice so he followed the sound into living room.
Sam kept drinking his drink as if all this were normal, and Bobby nodded again, "He tends to lean older, women and men."
“Wow. That’s huge. How did it go?” Cas asked, hoping it went better than his own coming out had.
"Is that how your paid customers treated you? They just used you? What about aftercare?" Cas asked, a little taken aback. He didn't just want to use Dean for his body. Sure, he loved a bratty sub, but he loved when they behaved too and he got to reward them. Aftercare was one of his favorite parts.
"You fucking brat." Cas teased. They both laughed and then continued eating till they were done and Cas paid the bill. They walked out of the restaurant and back to the car.
"Have you actually seen my cock yet Dean? If you have then you would know why I’m trying to be as thorough as possible. But since you seem to think you are good, I will just fuck you now." Cas said as he removed his fingers and grabbed a condom to roll on himself. Dean was in for a rude awakening.
“Hey Bianca. You know what I think.” Dean smirked, a conspiring glint in his eyes.
“So what? So, you did something a little embarrassing, big deal. Its not the end of the world. And its not a good enough reason to ghost Cas like that.” She argued.
“I’m Castiel Novak. You must be John.” He held his hand out to shake, and John took it, squeezing firmly in a show of strength as he assessed Cas.
Fuck. He was such a fucking idiot sometimes. He’d obviously made Castiel uncomfortable with that stupid dare. No, wait. Cas was the one who suggested the dare, right? Ugh. His brain was currently a mess from all of the drinking last night. He needed coffee before he even attempted to try and figure out what he was going to do about last night.
“Really?” Dean quirked an eyebrow, disbelief clear in his voice.
Cas sighed. "Come here Dean." He said. When Dean came to the bed, Cas pulled him down so that Dean was laying on the bed with his head on Cas' lap. He ran his fingers through Dean's hair. "Dean, have you ever actually been with a Dom?" Cas asked.
Cas was quiet for a minute. He was contemplating whether he should tell Dean how he felt. He figured he should go for it. He turned towards Dean and grabbed his hand.
“Thanks Red. You’re the best.” He told her as they parted.
“Well, whenever you decide to come out to other people, you know I have your back.”
Another school in the district had offered him a position though, and Dean had jumped at the chance. Come September, he would be teaching Kindergarten at South Bay Elementary School. Bianca had been disappointed that he wasn’t going to be teaching at her school, but seeing as Dean was over their house almost every other night, she saw him enough to keep her happy.
"You're working late. I thought I'd surprise you." Dean pouted cheekily, "I guess I'll just go then.”
“Yeah Cas, ‘course I do man. Trust you with my life.” Dean smiled shyly at him.
“Yeah, well, thanks for your help.” Cas retorted; sarcasm clear in his voice.
"That's fair, but neither have I. So, what do we base this on? Pretty woman?" Dean smirked.
Dean groaned, back arching with the movement. "Fuck...Cas." he swallowed hard, gasping for air.
“Fuck Cas, not that I’m complaining…. but, where the hell did that come from?” He laughed, still breathless from the rough fucking.
“Hey Cas.” He let out the breath he was holding.
"I... uh..." Cas was so embarrassed now. He felt so stupid about his 'gift'. Dean would probably think he was stupid now too.
“Hey man, you can’t go wrong with Swift.” He held his hands up in defense.
Dean rested a comforting hand on Cas’ thigh, “Why don’t you just ask and we'll see.”
"I know but I was gonna let you do something once we got back to my place." Cas mumbled.
“Don’t talk about my best friend like that.” A firm glare on was on her face, before it softened slightly to go on. “You’re an adult Dean, you aren’t some scrawny kid. And Cas would be lucky to date you. Just…think positively for a change.” His mouth turned up slightly at the corners at her words, and he pulled her into a hug, kissing the side of her head as he did.
“Sorry… I, uh…it’s just… it's been a long day. Just thinking about class tomorrow.” He lied quickly, trying to school his features into something believable.
“Please don’t tell us you got a girl pregnant.” His dad begged which caused a small chuckle to escape his lips.
"There is my good boy. Those two didn't count towards your punishment. I will begin now." And Cas started spanking Dean. Once, twice, three times. Dean was making the most beautiful noises. Every gasp, every whimper was music to his ears. He hit him a fourth time, then a fifth, then a sixth. Dean started choking back a cry. He hit him again three more times. He felt a few tears land on his leg. And he felt Dean's cock hard as ever. Then he landed his spank one more time across the middle of both cheeks and heard Dean let out the most beautiful cry.
“He is going to be a great teacher.” Cas told her “You raised him to be a kind man.”
He didn’t often get to indulge in this secret pleasure, only maybe once every few months, but any time the rest of the bunker inhabitants were gone, he pulled out his chest of goodies and dolled himself up. It wasn’t even always sexual, though he couldn’t deny the thrill that went through him whenever he slipped into a sexy pair of panties.
“So, when’s the boy toy getting here?” Gabe prodded as he popped a lollipop into his mouth. Cas was shocked the man had any teeth left, considering the amount of sugar he consumed on a regular basis.
“Y-yeah, I mean…why not?” Dean shrugged before clearing his throat. “If you’re okay with that. I uh, wasn’t sure what you prefer, like what…um…position.” He whispered, clearly uncomfortable talking about it.
“Touché”
Dean pretended to think about this, tapping his chin. "Well I suppose I could be persuaded." He wrapped arms around his neck and gave a squeeze.
“$40 buck.” The man said tiredly. Den handed over the money and slinked out of the house with his new shelf and the new toy he wasn’t expecting to have,
"Yes. I have the current paperwork. I'll bring it to show you." Dean nuzzled Castiel’s neck, giving a playful little nip."I do love the hickies though. I like to be marked.”
It had been New Year’s Eve and his friends had pressured him to go to the party that the most popular fraternity was throwing. He had always been accused as being a stick-in-the-mud, so he went just to appease them. He ended up drinking much more than he has originally planned. His friend Meg had somehow convinced him that it would be a great idea if they ‘hooked up’ as she said. What ended up happening was probably one of the most awkward sexual encounters in existence. It also cemented the fact that he was definitely 100% gay. Two months after that, Meg had come to him crying that she was pregnant. She didn’t want to keep the baby and was planning on putting it up for adoption. She only told him because he was the father. He was terrified at the thought of having a kid. But he was even more sick at the thought of giving his own child up. He begged Meg to give him custody of their child.
He waved the bartender down, and ordered a scotch before leaning against the bar and rubbing a hand down his face. The bartender reappeared less than a minute later, drink in hand.
Cas pulled Dean down next to him on the couch. " Yes, I’m ok love. I...Uh...I have a question to ask you but I'm nervous" he responded while looking down at the ground. He was afraid to meet Dean's eye.
on the main plot right now. Next week better not be another filler one. I need to see some
“I’m in love with you Cas.” Dean breathed out in the space between them.
“Oh man, I figured you were in a bad mood, but damn! You looked like someone died or something.” His brother’s annoying voice reached his ears. He just harrumphed into the mattress, not bothering with a real reply. He hoped his brother would get the hint that he just wanted to be left alone; spoiler alert, he didn’t. Instead Dean felt the mattress dip as his brother’s lanky frame sat next to him where he still lay face down. “Come on man. Talk to me.”
“Fuck, Imma cum.” He groaned loudly, just before he felt ropes of come shoot out of his untouched dick and land all over his chest and belly. Cas fucked him through it, his thrusts becoming erratic before he followed Dean over the edge. He felt his insides being painted with Cas cum, and his dick twitched uselessly at the dirtiness of it all.
"Morning Cas." Dean stretched. "You always wake up first.”
“How would you even know what my type is Charlie?” He huffed.
“Oh yes, heh… Your daughter made sure to remind me all about how she dunked me that day.” Dean chuckled, hand going to rub the back of his neck. “I um… I am a student, I'm, uh, actually student teaching this semester here in miss Moseley’s class. So… I guess we'll be seeing each other a lot.” Dean explained with a shy smile. They locked eyes and stared each other way longer than was socially acceptable, before Bianca pulled on his sleeve to get his attention. He broke eye contact to look down at his daughter.
