“I don’t know how any of this works but he’s watching over you, Jack. Your mom too. Don’t ever forget that. They love you so much. I know they do. I do too. I wasn’t sure at first but I am now. I’m gonna take care of you if it’s the last thing I do. Me and Sammy, we’re gonna raise you right. The way we wished we’d grown up; school, friends, soccer practice, three meals a day. We’re gonna protect you, Jack. We’re gonna protect you from all the mo— the bad guys. We’re gonna be on your side, no matter what.”
Dean feels like an asshole for what he did to Claire. Cas
“You’re—”
“Everybody does.” Dean nods but doesn't push to change his mind. Cas appreciates that because, quite honestly, he’s not too sure his will is strong enough to stand up to Dean’s charms.
He pushes down as Cas fucks up, sliding to the hilt slowly then all at once and it knocks the wind clean out of Dean. They meet like waves crashing against the cliffs. Inevitable. Devastating. Perfect.
Cas can’t help it. Can’t resist. He steps into Dean’s space, shame at his nakedness nowhere to be found. Dean looks up at him with the same reverence he had earlier, back in the street when it had just been them and moon as their witness. Cas kisses him again; softer, sweeter.
“Fucked yourself all day and you’re still this tight?” It’s said into his neck, around puncture wounds and re-split skin and Dean wishes he could see the blood in Cas’ teeth, taste it on his tongue. Thinking much further than the immediate—Cas within him, around him, focused solely on him—is impossible. He rocks back into it, letting words sink in, spur on his hips and arch his back. “You’re beautiful like this. For me.”
Dean takes his two hits in silence and holds the slender thing out to him.
It feels so good just to have another body close by. He can fend for himself; managed through the majority of heats in his twenties alone, spent his formative years wrestling Alphas to the ground at the insistence of his commanding father—
Without Sam there, it’s just the two of them. Him and Cas. The bunker’s big enough for that not to be a problem. Not that Dean’s trying to avoid him. Quite the opposite, actually.
, but that doesn’t mean Dean’s body doesn’t flush with heat at the admission.
Dean wonders if Cas would've been a good father.
you are four years old and there’s a baby in your arms, screaming for a mother that isn’t there. she’s still in the house, so is your dad. he threw the swaddled blankets at you and ran towards the fire. flames lick your bare soles and you don’t have a word for the pain just now.
Cas looks to his notes, covered in red ink and obnoxious yellow highlighter and they make less sense now than they have all night.
Unfortunately, what he actually said was "
It takes yet another orgasm, slow and sharp as it pricks its way up from his groin until he’s shattering completely against his own resistance, to lull him to sleep; hot and sticky and past the point of discomfort. He rolls onto his back, letting oblivion drag him into the black.
Dean can’t hold it back. Cas is here, his throat feels like sandpaper and everything he wants to say, everything he’s ever wanted to say gets caught, but he tries, tries and tries again.
“Oh yeah, sure.”
Dean’s thoughts drift, tugging on the edge of lucidity and sleep; ruminating on the past—the time they first met. Cas had caught him entirely off guard. His car, a Lincoln Continental which at the time seemed way too ostentatious for the trench-coated man that drove it, had come into some trouble and Benny had handed over the paperwork to Dean with a knowing look. Things just sort of… happened. Dean remembers that damn coat, how it always made him look slightly out of place. His smile, shy and reserved at first and then bright and open and just plain glorious, has been chasing him ever since.
Dean reaches down between them, touching himself in hurried strokes as Cas rails him. Their pace quickens, building faster and rougher and more and more until his grunts and whines turn to gasps, breathless like he can’t quite seem to catch himself. He’s beautiful — mistakenly angelic — and Cas doesn’t know what urges him to do it, but he leans forward to steal a kiss. It’s dirty and rushed. There’s not enough leverage for him to fully control it but enough to drive him just that little bit further, to have Dean screaming out “
Sat to his left, a painfully familiar face. If Dean could drop to his knees he would.
When he turns back around, Dean is sat on the edge of the bed, looking rather intently at the gaudy wallpaper of the motel room. There’s the pink flush of a budding bruise blossoming in five distinct points on his thigh. Cas can’t help the pride that swells in his chest for leaving them there. It’s not nice, he doesn’t own any part of Dean and Dean, in return, owes him nothing.
“Is this still about Shurley’s final?” He steals the joint back, taking his own drag and letting the familiar heaviness weight in his limbs. It’s hitting him already and he can’t even feel embarrassed about it, revelling in how he’s floating but still grounded, still safe. Dean leans forward, chuckling to himself and then he fixes Castiel with a look; heavy lids and soft eyes and a half smile that’s just
“Kelly—”
Cas frowns at him, looking up through his eyelashes and when the moonlight catches his eyes they shine like stars. In his thirty-six years, Dean’s never found anyone that makes him feel even remotely close to the way Castiel does. There’s something about him; he’s never been able to quite put his finger on what it is but everything about him is… right. When they fit together, hands clasped, breath in sync, Dean’s never been so close to perfect.
canon-compliant(ish)
That's the life he should be living; white picket fence, 401k, 2.5 kids, gorgeous wife or husband or… well, they never really talked about that, but it doesn't matter, not to Dean. Sam got out and Dean roped him back in and now they're co-parenting Lucifer's bastard offspring.
. Something tugs inside his chest, although he’s not quite sure what that means.
“Cas,
That was—
“Why does that not surprise me at all?” Dean sighs, letting his head rest against the tub’s edge. Cold tile and warm steam.
“I fucked the devil and tried to— tried to end it, end him, but he saved me and I can never repay that. I won't ever be able to protect my son.”
“You still want to make a deal, right?" Dean takes Cas's forearm, not in coercion, but with something that looks awfully like concern in his eyes. It doesn't freak him out as much as it should when they flash to unfathomable crimson as Cas finally looks at him. "You scratch my back, I’ll scratch yours?”
Her response comes clipped, short of a growl. “I’ll see what I can do.”
If there’s anything that isn’t perfect about this man, Cas has yet to find it.
His. Sam’s.
“Hey,” Cas hums, taking Dean’s earlobe between his teeth. “I love you.”
In the days since Dean pushed his way out of the earth, crawled from the copse of dead saplings, and started back towards civilisation, Castiel had tried his best to communicate. Free of the darkness of hell and the gravity of his task, heralding praises for the heavens, he sings.
Summoned.
In all honesty, no. He doesn't. He wishes it hadn’t taken driving all the way out here, getting caked with dirt and actually meeting a fucking
"You're wearing too many clothes." With a flick of his wrist, Cas' tie unravels itself, drags its silk blend to the floor without so much as a whisper. Rowena would scold him for using his magic for convenience instead of change if she saw. Then again, she's never seen the hunger that crosses Cas' features when Dean uses his power to tug at his zipper. And hey, knowing her, she's probably done worse with Sam. Definitely not the time to be thinking about that.
It’s just, he thought after everything—Purgatory, Chuck, Billie, Jack, the friggin’ Empty—that things would go back to how they were, or at least close to it. He’d hoped life would return to whatever normal was for them. Then again, has anything ever been normal?
Dean knows how hard that conversation is. “I can talk to her if you want?”
It’s skin and sweat and hushed curses and sharp teeth against his neck. It’s the wet slap of his cock bouncing against his stomach and the urge to reach out and take it. It’s knowing his hand will get dragged away, pressed flat into the sheets below in a crushing grip. It’s the finality of cresting that all encompassing peak that’s been taunting him all day and crashing over the other side like a wave, dashed against the rocks to one of many oblivions he’s had this week. The world blurs as he comes and it’s so right—so fucking right—but not enough.
Dean doesn't fuck about, closing in on him with another kiss. It's rushed and heavy and he's drunk on it, slipping his hands beneath the leather casing Dean's arms and forcing it off. It falls to the floor, forgotten.
Sam stands, moving closer to where Dean knows he keeps an angel blade. He looks calmer than Dean feels, it’s all an act. He spent the best part of his formative years raising the kid, he knows Sam’s fear when he sees it, even if it is layered behind eight other masks. “What’s going on?”
Charlie breaks first, then Jo, then Eileen. Hell, even Crowley chuckles from his perch behind the register. Laughter fills the air like it belongs. And it does. That’s all Dean ever wanted when he opened the store in the first place—a safe place to share with his friends-turned-employees and anyone else that needed shelter, company and a good book. It was never his intention to garner a reputation among the queer youth of Kansas City, but hey, as a card carrying member of the LGBT community, who is he to deny their custom? It also doesn’t hurt that, with the exception of their weekend guy, Garth, all employed staff members coincidentally fall somewhere under the queer umbrella.
Demon. About this demon. Yeah.
Fuck. Shit.
and Dean shakes his head
“Please, I’m clearly Bobby.”
"That's a yes, by the way." He says, deadly serious and Dean rolls his eyes.
Nothing’s ever easy, is it?
ached. The breakup had left nothing but a shell of a man behind but his friends picked up the pieces, secured him back together with bandaids and liquor and support. It still stings to think about, memories wrapped in razor wire that the passing of time will work to unravel. So he doesn’t.
There’s a much larger part of him, hidden deep down behind whatever it is that remains of his sanity, that wants to ask for his number.
“No, I— It’s polite.”
He does.
But he can’t. Cas, stubborn, stupid, impossible Cas, would not have let that happen. He’d taken off, protected Kelly, protected
“I love you.” He gasps, lips colliding with Dean’s throat, searing hot and filthy. “I’ve never loved anyone but you.”
Dean W 04:35 >>
“I think I need institutionalising at this point," He doesn't stutter, which is good. "So it’s best to not trust my judgement.”
— was going to be a surprise but, given the subject matter and uh...
pining, saileen mention, dean thinking about cas for 600+ words
he crawls out of the dirt, a son at last.
Dean cries for most of it, explains through the lump in his throat what happened, how, why. He doesn’t understand most of what he’s saying, flying from his lips like it’s been trying to escape since it happened. It’s the longest he’s spoken about Cas in months and each mention of his name only worsens the ache. Tears another wound into his already bleeding heart. Jack gurgles, sleep dragging at the edge of his babbles. He curls in Dean’s arms like an anchor.
“I don’t know.”
, Jo. Charlie, come on. She’s just a kid—”
“Good luck with that. Donna still owes me fifty from that werewolf in Wolf Trap.” She stands and for a second Dean realises he’s been listening to this conversation but not really partaking, sitting silently as Jack’s feeble grip clenches and unclenches on the hair at his chin. Claire doesn’t go anywhere though, just collects the dirty dishes. “These good to go in the sink?”
For the second time in his life, Dean is the parent of a child that's not his own.
, it smells good.
Before the black swallows him, Dean prays.
Cas leans into his palm again, turning his face to press a soft kiss against the flat of Dean’s hand. It’s one of the most beautiful sights he’s ever seen. Which is a feat considering he’s seen Castiel in various states of undress and multiple positions all while taking his co—
In all the time he’s known Claire, all the times he’s helped her on hunts or been up to Jody’s for dinner or headed out to Donna’s cabin for a weekend, they didn’t really talk much about Cas. His relationship with Claire was strained at first and Dean never wanted to butt in on that. He’s dealt with enough shitty parenting to know that, sometimes, shit just needs to work itself out. And it did. Their relationship is— was better.
It’s always there. The hesitation. It’s not a reluctance — Fuck no, Cas is anything but reluctant — but it’s a trepidation, almost. As if he’s not quite sure if he’s allowed to be like this, to experience it, to touch him. The first time, it’d been cute. Dean had felt the nerves coiled tight in his partner’s belly and made a night of unfurling them, getting to know just which buttons to press to reveal another piece of the hot professor pinning him to the mattress. It had been a memorable evening, to say the least. Top 10, easily.
It calms him down more than it probably should.
“Until you showed up, I thought I was going to bury that box and that the whole
Cas’s practised calm falls, crumbling to dust and Dean watches as his eyes darken impossibly further, from deep ocean blue to fathomless depths of red-black. Fuck.
“Yes, she had an interesting call from a rather distressed client.” Sharp pangs of want flood his system, each one a painful spike as his muscles cramp and spur his hips to rut against his husband’s thigh at the memory of his call with Meg. Cas leans in to nip at the shell of Dean’s ear, each graze of his teeth punctuated by waves of want. “It got her very worked up. You wouldn’t know anything about that, would you?”
He awakens to the soft drag of a damp cloth across the front of his thighs and the warm, comforting scent of home.
His lips find Dean's throat again.
Demon perks. Right.
It’s uncomfortable, knowing he caused such distress. He’s not entirely sure why.
“Castiel is dead.” Kelly looks at Dean then, eyes still ringed with gold. The angel blade in Dean’s palm — Cas’ angel blade — feels a thousand times heavier as his knuckles flex around the cool metal. “You have to take Jack. You have to take care of him.”
In all honesty, he’s got no idea. His entire grip on reality shifted the moment this guy went all blood eyes on him, the concept of time splitting, categorising itself as Before and After. If this is real, what else is there? Ghosts? Vampires? Mothman? God? If Demons exist, is there a reason why?
“At this point, I don’t think I could if I tried.” In the far distance, there’s a door slam and the pointed click of heels. Dean doesn’t need enhanced senses to know they’re about to be interrupted. “Dean, I gotta go but yeah, I don’t know, man. It’s good. It’s
“I know,
After Cas— well, he’s possessive. Dean shouldn’t like that, but he does. If he’s feeling generous, he’ll let Dean crack a few skulls first. Watch from the sideline as he proves every slick addled knot brained jackass that underestimates him just how wrong they are. He’ll watch as his Omega—
. Needed you so bad.”
Forget Raphael?
Sam pauses, letting the whisk drop to the counter with a wet thud.
Dean snatches the blade from Claire’s hand, barely in reach and slashes in a vicious arc across the stranger’s arm. It slices through the dark blazer, through the shirt beneath and the skin beneath that. For a second, he bleeds. A second later, the cut is gone, sealed with the familiar glow of grace.
sacrifice stained palms, the firstborn is saved.
He knows what he has to do.
’. The normal stuff people will sell their soul for. I don’t think I’ve ever been asked my name before. You don’t seem like my usual bag.”
upright:
It’s an archaic way of thinking—of true mates and soul bonds—but sometimes Cas just hears the hitch in his breath and he
The morning had started off great; good coffee, great breakfast, gorgeous boyfriend. Cas had taken to staying over more often through the past couple of months and hey, Dean has no complaints about waking up to his constant bedhead, sleepy smiles and tendency to insist on sharing showers under the guise of saving water. He had two texts from Donna confirming their plans for the inaugural queer lit event next month and a video of a glowing (read: heavily pregnant) Rowena from his brother. She’s definitely carrying Winchester genes; the footprint repeatedly distending her pale stomach was almost as big as Sammy’s.
“You’re all fired.”
"Just like your dad," Dean says, mostly to himself. He paces, the repetitive motion helps clear his head. "One look at all this and you're down for the count."
This child is his now. Theirs. His and Sam’s and Cas'. Cas would know what to do.
In reality, Castiel was already halfway to being over it by the time he buried that damn box. All he needed was a little, you know, kick for him to realise it.
No, running away from something doesn’t fix it. It just makes coming back worse.
Wait,
Sam took off early on Saturday. Something about Eileen needing backup with a case in Casper. Wendigo, maybe? Vampires? Dean wasn’t really listening when he first mentioned it, distracted by Baby’s oil filters and the steady drip of black into the tray beside his head. It doesn’t really matter what’s rearing its head in Wyoming, not really. Eileen had called and it’d take a lot more than two states and an eight-hour drive to keep his brother away. Boy’s smitten. He knows it. Eileen knows it. Even Cas had quirked a brow seeing Sam splutter when Jody brought it up last time they were at dinner, referring to the hunter as his better half.
She hands Jack over with some reluctance, the first time her arms have been free all night, and Dean accepts him with a small smile. He doesn’t expect her to return it and he’s fine if she wants to go back to clipped responses, half-answers and one-word texts, as long as it’s not forever. He’s not sure he could handle it forever.
Cas's gut clenches. It shouldn't, but it does.
Unfortunately, Dean —
Palm flat against hard muscle, he pushes. A testament to their bond, strong hands bracket his waist and, in one swift movement, Dean is face down on the mattress. Breathless, needy. In a deliberate attempt to please his Alpha, he lifts his hips, shifting his knees up the bed to hold his ass in the air. Present and willing.
himself, about the darkness that swallowed him after, about how much of an
maybe john was right.
Dean wonders if she knows that.
He sighs. Jo smirks. Charlie pouts. She’s stubborn and passionate and one of the most infuriating people he’s ever had the pleasure of sharing a hangover with. And yeah, maybe she has a bit of a ‘problem’ with ‘authority’. It’s not like Dean didn’t know that. She single-handedly demolished the restrictions on their dorm’s wifi the first day they met.
—I would do anything to be there right now, Dean. Tell me,” He pauses, letting himself bask in the sound of Dean’s whimpers as each one shoots straight to his cock. Somewhere in the back of his mind, Castiel weighs up if blowing off his 8 am with his board of directors and catching a flight to Kansas would be worth the wrath from Meg when she’s forced to tackle the wolves alone. “When you’re alone, do you pretend it’s me?”
Oh God.
Holy fucking shit. Okay. Fuck. Okay. I’ll take ‘
“I don’t know. We were getting pretty good at the ‘to have and to hold’ part.”
“Did you now,” Cas returns, taking up his place between Dean’s legs. He dips his head down to press his mouth against skin—ribs, waist, hip, thigh—skirting over where Dean aches for him. An expert in the most delectable torture. A single finger slips through the trail of slick, following its path until it reaches the spring. Circling once, twice, he enters. “May I ask how?”
“And now I’m scarred for life. How am I meant to look Ellen in the eye now my best friend and my kid sister are—”
“Kevin comes in, asks to see the fantasy shelves and I was like sure, why not, you know? I know he’s got taste, we use to run D&D campaigns together!” Charlie huffs, arms folded in firm defiance. Jo mirrors her subconsciously. “So, I took him over and we were talking about Rothfuss and Sanderson and the guy has the
He doesn’t need to be told twice. They meet in the middle, a soft gentle press tasting of the spearmint toothpaste. Cas's arms wrap around his chest, manoeuvring himself upwards to meet his kiss more fiercely. With a swipe of his tongue, Cas has him melting into it. Each nip of teeth, playful breath, soft laugh.
There are two clicks, an inhale and then a deep exhale. Castiel can almost taste the ash on his breath from here. He's experienced it so many times all he needs to do to picture it is close his eyes.  Dean purrs, content. "I needed that."
Hence Sam’s suggestion of sex magic.
“It was you,” He says, breathless. “It was your prayer.”
“What can you see, Claire?” It’s Sam again, only this time Dean can hear the softness of his voice, the soothing reassurance he saves for case victims or children or both.
“Don’t care. Rough as you like but don’t expect a show. I—uh— exhausted myself before.”
"You make an animal of me, Dean." Cas breathes it against his mouth and Dean tastes the words rather than hears them but they taste delicious. Like summer warmth and honeyed wine. When he tries for another taste, licks for entrance at Castiel's mouth, he's met with a groan. "I'm starting to think you want me to lose control."
His Castiel.
From the absent horizon sparks a flash of gold.
— is not convinced. His earlier confusion has gone and in its place is a smirk that makes Cas’s stomach drop.
“That’s a lie.” A statement, not a question.
“I made a mistake.” It doesn't hurt to admit but it kinda stings to see Dean sigh, visibly deflated.
the devil wears your brother to prom. that was meant to be your fate too, brother against brother. unironically biblical, isn’t it? cain and abel only you’ve been recast. too much, too difficult, too uncooperative. kicked to the curb for the younger model. the illegitimate son. who signed the lease before he saw the house was just rubble and dust and it’s too late to save him now. however this ends, you lose.
He can’t quite keep the breathiness out of his voice at the proximity. How close Cas is without actually touching him the way he wants. It sets off a whole different kind of burn. “But it’s all good, right?”
He clears his throat, wishing away the awkwardness that weasels its way into his system. “Well, Dean Winchester, I guess it’s nice to meet you.”
“Claire—”
“Really? Your heart’s racing.” He steps closer, one hand reaching out for Cas’s wrist and, like the fool he is, Cas lets him take it. Ringed fingers turn his palm up, two placed tightly over his veins. “Tell me, Castiel. Do I scare you?”
wake up alone, frustrated. aching. too hot undercover. too cold without the friction of angels.
“Why did you summon me?”
With a slippery twist, Castiel pulls his fingers free. “I should’ve been here. I should’ve—” He starts but Dean interrupts, whine tearing from his throat when he’s empty. Skin on slick on skin drag burning through him, wildfire made flesh.
The stranger shrugs, seemingly nonplussed. “I mean, I’ve had stick figures drawn on diner napkins before so it’s nice to have someone actually follow the ritual. Also, actual grave dirt? This a special occasion or something?”
"I am,” Cas nods and, really, it's the truth. Dean looks up at him, eyes flashing to red. A reminder. A promise. Cas tries his best to not react, ignoring the spark of trepidation it sends down his spine. The risk is worth the reward. “Are you?"
Cas works efficiently, working in more and more of lube with finesse he didn’t think he’d be able to muster with the scene going on before him. Each grunt of encouragement from Dean as he works in deeper drags him closer to the edge. Dean was right, it’s barely a couple of minutes before he’s working in a second finger, a few more and he’s slipping in a third.
“Do you?”
” Dean grunts, trying his hardest to angle his hips, rock him deeper, but the positioning is off and Cas wants to laugh, make a joke about having all the control, but he can’t think about anything other than how fucking tight Dean is, how desperate he is and how Cas can’t help but follow his lead.
It stings like poison but Dean can’t help but smile as her voice catches on the last word.
Rowena MW 21:07 >>
Dean looks up at him, sat cross legged on the floor against their couch with that same disarming smile he’d worn when they’d first met, back when they were both wet behind the ears, naive and hopeful— and woefully unaware of how many bad habits you develop in college, and just how many of those are people. He has no business being that pretty, and yet he is; all eyelashes and freckles, sharp jaw and wicked smirk and a spark in his eyes that never quite goes out.
canon divergent from 15.19
“Don’t.” She snaps. It’s brittle and hard and so close to breaking but Dean can’t let her go like this. Can’t let her feel unwanted — unloved — again.
If he pulls out The Mixtape from the bottom drawer of his dresser and clicks it into the battered tape deck Bobby bought him for Christmas over a decade ago, volume down so he can hum along as Jack dozes on his chest, that’s also his business.
“Dean?”
falling from his lips. His dick, untouched, flushed red against his stomach, lurches in response — a string of precome attaching itself to Dean’s navel.
Cas rocks against him, boxers tented obscenely through the open vee of his slacks and, as much as he wants Cas rock solid inside him, he wants this too. Cas above him, around him, on the edge of revelation but not quite there yet. But there's no hesitation at all when Cas slips his hand beneath the elastic of Dean's sweatpants, shirking the fabric down with quick tugs of his wrist until Dean's bare.
There is no reason why Dean should look like he cares, but he does.
Cas grunts at the sudden intrusion of cold air. He tried to roll himself away but instead becomes tangled further in the blankets, unable to twist his way back into their warm embrace, dark hair mussed at every angle. He’s gone to bed without his pyjamas again, not that Dean minds. The tattoo across his stomach stands out in stark contrast to his skin. He remembers first discovering them there. “
“Stand down, Mrs Doubtfire. You’re on baby duty. I’d offer to swap but I’d end up taking the little guy home with me.”
“You have the most beautiful face when you come. I’ve never seen anything like it” He grits out, forcing his eyes shut so he can better picture it. Staring at the tiles hadn’t been doing him any favours. There are so many ways to imagine it, Dean falling apart under the diligent attention of Castiel’s fingers, his mouth, his cock. He throbs at the thought and increases his pace, grips himself a little tighter. On the other end of the line, Dean gasps, a moan bitten off behind his teeth. It only fuels him further. “
Well, because of Cas
. Ugh, even his name’s attractive. “You don’t sound too sure.”
This hurts.
Jack fusses against him again, burrowing into the soft fabric of Dean’s flannel.
At first, it’s dry sobs. He attempts to choke them back, smiling at Jack who reaches for the bottle like it’s the most important thing in the world. To him, it is. There is no heaven, there is no hell, there is no danger or grief or loss.
He hates that this is what he’s been reduced to; clandestine encounters between business trips, late-night rendezvous where the liquor flows fast but Castiel’s heart beats faster, always the risk that they could get caught. It’d make the papers, maybe not the front page, but it’d be there. Dean understands, toys with it on just the right side of risk, wears his kiss bruised lips like a brand, want visible in every inch of him. He’s gorgeous. Castiel needs him.
reversed:
The memory turns blurry around the edges as if Dean is slipping underwater, slipping away. Every part of him yearns to reach out as if he could feel the soft fabric of Castiel’s trench coat, the one that doesn’t smell like him anymore, but Kelly’s arms—his arms—Jack’s arms don’t move. “Will you get some rest now, please? My doula class said stress is not good for the baby.”
“Yeah, yeah. Laugh it up.” Dean scoffs, trying to hide his smile behind an eye roll. Unsuccessfully, apparently.
“Mine.”
He pulls two inexpertly rolled joints from his pocket, slightly crumpled but still intact. “You wanna get high?”
“I mean, she
A kick like realising everything you knew about the supernatural is wrong and that, apparently, crossroads demons are impossibly attractive and also giant flirts, for example. Yeah, that'll do it.
They’d talked about it—toys. With their heat and rut falling around similar times, it seemed redundant to have poor imitations of each other tucked away when the real thing is right there, aching to be touched. Yeah. They’d talked about it. Although, he had been a little distracted at the time with Cas three fingers deep, pressing searing kisses against his skin.
“Fuck you, I made these myself.” Dean scoffs, letting his head hit the couch cushions with a soft thud. Cas takes his second. “Thought you could use a break. Just a reminder, you know?”
He could kill him in a heartbeat. Tear him apart without breaking a sweat.
Claire Novak was just some girl, and then she became
Through the monitor and through the hall, Claire’s shriek snaps them out of their domestic breakfast.
“It’s you. You get in my head and I have to— I have to stop myself just to catch my breath because you snatch it every time. Each time you invite me to touch or let me decide to take that step myself, I get lost in it. If you only knew— I’d be over in seconds if I didn’t at least pause just to think about past papers, Gabriel’s thirteen-year-old gym socks and the topography of eastern Guatemala on that precipice before kissing turns into fucking you. And the way you react to my touch, my kiss, my cock— I’ve never claimed to be a hedonist, but you make me one.”
1145w
“They’re not gonna be out for another hour
have a daughter. The Winchesters treat her as if she’s their own. If anything were to ever happen to me, they’d take care of her and if anything happens to you, I swear we’ll take care of Jack.” He holds Kelly’s hand—Dean’s hand—Jack’s hand and rubs the dips between the knuckles. Dean had only let himself receive that kind of affection from Cas once. At the time, it felt too intimate, too loving.
,” It comes as more of a whisper, a revelation. It’s no secret that his husband is a little possessive. She’d been at the wedding, watched as Cas sank his teeth into the fleshy skin of his throat in a performative imitation of the mating claim they already shared, seen the bloodied smile and caught the pinpricks of need Dean couldn’t quite hide from his scent when they’d parted. Guests had left pretty quickly after that. “I can respect that.”
Eyes that had seemed so…
And they’ll die for it.
“I’m ready, Castiel! Please, just fuck me.”
“Reminder of what?”
“Dean,” He starts, not able to help the smile that tugs at his lips when Dean looks up at him. He takes another hit, deep and languid, before handing the dwindling joint back. “If you want to kiss me, I’d be amenable to that.”
Everything is too much. Everything reminds him of Cas; the chip in the top of the carafe from when he nicked it on the counter and proceeded to apologise profusely for the rest of the day, the fridge magnet he brought home as a reminder of his time spent in Idaho, the soft dishtowels they picked up on their last supply run to Hastings, the mixtape and how Cas tried to return it and the scant moments afterwards where every atom of Dean’s being wanted to reach out and taste the doubt on his lips, replace it with everything they never said. Everything he wanted so badly to scream. Everything.
Dean shoots up in his seat, prepared to dive over there, snatch Jack out of her arms if he has to. Fuck knows what’s going on. Any time Dean’s seen this happen before the results have been magnificent or devastating. Jack could kill her. He’s already got a body count at not even six months old.
.  “Took you long enough.” He huffs.
“Angels don’t go to Heaven or Hell or Purgatory when they die. There’s a place outside of time, outside of space, where we go to rest. The Empty. I was— I don’t know how long I was there. Seconds, years, aeons,” He’s so enamoured with the baby in his arms, not that Dean can blame him. Jack really does have that effect on people. “But I heard something. It was like a memory of a memory, unclear at first but I followed the sound of it until I was deafened by it. I followed it and then I was here. I don’t know— I don’t know how but Jack—”
Dean cries out, trying to choke back a groan as he hits his peak, a string of colourful expletives falling from his lips. It’s slow and drawn out and Castiel wonders if that’s the whole point. Seconds pass agonisingly slowly and he’s still painfully hard, stroking faster now he’s painfully close. He can hear Dean preening through the phone, coming down slowly, breath still falling in short pants. He hums and the vibration of it settles somewhere beneath Castiel’s ribs. He’s almost there when Dean opens his mouth.
He tries and tries but the tortured cacophony echoes on long after Castiel ceased his song. Dean’s face scrunches up into a grimace, struggling to stand upright past the ringing in his ears that throws his balance.
“Claire—”
"Babe," Dean sighs, pulling his boyfriend up by the point of his chin, stubbled and spit slick. "Shut the fuck up."
Kelly’s hands are cold when he replaces them with his own. When he lifts the boy out of her arms, she stops glowing. The tears on her face are just that. Tears.
Claire rolls her eyes.
. He wants and wants and wants and Cas would give it to him—all of it—served up on a silver platter with a smile and a kiss and the three words they said for the first time beneath these same sheets and then again in front of an audience with platinum bands and aching necks. All he has to do is ask. “Knew about the merger. Knew it would happen eventually. Just bad timing—” He can’t help but rut upwards, aiming for friction against his aching cock. Cas holds his hips down, grip possessive. “
Lies.
“Anytime.” Dean touches their mugs together, trading beer bottle salutes for the clink of coffee mugs. The baby monitor attached to Sam’s hip blips with a rustle of blankets but they pay it no mind. Jack’s a restless sleeper.
With Claire around, they make use of the dining table in the kitchen. The stools are uncomfortable and, yeah, it’s no secret he’s been talking about redecorating the place with Sam. Ideally, with high backed chairs. You know, for when Jack’s old enough to sit on his own. He has a high chair and they use it sometimes but the kid much prefers the arms of either brother, though.
And then he’s in. So stuffed full and finally
“Kelly, you
He looks at Dean like he loves him.
The thought of having to pull on his clothes and drive out to find provisions feels humiliating.
Dean is midway through feeding Jack when the crying starts. Not Jack’s. His.
It is a no, he’s right. He doesn't know what's changed— no, that's a lie, he knows exactly what's changed.
He sniffs. Tells himself it’s just allergies.
, maybe things would be different.
“Dean Winchester, if you don’t kiss me right now—”
His stomach clenches and drops, arousal now a rampant blaze soaring through his veins. He’s never been one to deny Dean Winchester. He spits into his palm once more, laboured breathing the soundtrack to their debauchery.
Sam doesn’t move, kneeling side by side on the threadbare rug. Dean doesn’t have to look at him to know the expression he's wearing, the concern dripping off him like heavy rain.
Oh. Right. That.
“Thanks,
the man you will die for has taken many lovers and you are his last. through cities and state lines, motel to mortuary — you follow. it's a universal truth that the devil doesn't care about this one. so the first taste of the end is bitter and salt. dean’s one foot either side of the border; heaven and hell, nowhere and home. too gentle for tempered iron, too raw for religion. leather and violence.
Last time he’d taken him in the back seat of his Mercedes. The time before that, on a yacht in Crete. Before that, against the floor to ceiling windows of his office. They plague him, the dreams, and only make him long for that which he cannot have. At least, not yet.
Claire’s crouched low, silver switchblade in hand. She’s unharmed but her palms are shaking. The fluorescents of the bunker bounce off her knife in thready beams.
Sam stumbles in the doorway, looking just as exhausted as Dean feels. For something barely the length of a subway footlong, the kid’s got a set of pipes on him. "You want me to take over?"
“It’s—” Dean starts, cataloguing each ache against their earlier veracity. “—less intense now. Still there, just… tamer, I guess. And I can feel you, dude. All of you.” To prove a point, he shifts his hips, practically purring as Cas’ thick length rocks against him. “But, as much and I can’t wait for
He’s caught off guard when Dean hooks a leg around the back of his knees, tugs, and then he’s falling. His knees take the most of it, landing on the edge of the mattress with his arms either side of Dean’s head. He still has some advantage, not that it matters.
Three weeks later, Claire settles into the velvet wingback by the edge of Jack’s crib and holds him to her chest. He pulls at her hair, tangles it around his fist and tugs until she removes it with gentle fingers. Jack loves her.
“I can feel your magic call to mine, Dean. I don’t know if it wants to consume or caress you but I can’t help but burn when we touch. It’s never been like this with anyone else, not for me. So, if you think I’m having second thoughts about my attraction or my permissions when it comes to what I am allowed with you, I must confess, I am quite clear on how you want me — you are incredibly vocal about it — but I pace myself because I intend to last more than two seconds once I'm inside you.”
but you do.
. Usually, he makes a conscious effort to steer clear of cursing too much. Meg mocks him for it, Raphael used to—
Her eyes glow golden in the low light. Like Cas’ did that night at the sandbox, like Kelly’s the night she died.
rated g
the shadows of his lashes like thorns of a rose, sharp and wet. tears or blood. praying to silence. god stopped answering millennia ago.
involved, Sammy.”
So, he does.
He clears his throat to dislodge the sudden lump there. “I needed help getting over someone.”
It doesn’t occur to Dean how late it is until he walks through his front door and isn’t greeted by the obnoxious clatterings of someone who isn’t quite sure on how to use a stand mixer yet trying to make chocolate chip cookies, or the musings of someone discovering broken melodies on the upright piano he’d bought on impulse at an auction last summer, or the wailings of a war movie turned up to eleven with the sole intention of being immersed in the cacophony of sound, or a warm hug from the person he loves who—even though they’ve been living together for the best part of a year—still smells like the air after a storm and sometimes of burnt sugar.
Honestly, death is preferable to the inevitable embarrassment of being stood at the intersection of two dirt roads, disappointed, with nothing to show for it other than the mud under his nails.
“I love you too,” Cas whispers, against his lips. “Just in case that was up for debate.”
It’s later, when they’re sat in the babyproofed room that Dean initially wanted to turn into his own personal entertainment centre — a Dean-cave, if you will — when it happens. Jack, still safe in Claire’s arms, looks up at her with his knowing eyes. It’s a look of adoration Dean sees staring up at him so often, yet he’s still not immune to it. He pauses, writhing a little in Claire’s embrace, palm outstretched as if considering his options before he touches her face with his hand.
In hindsight, he should’ve responded with a laugh, a shrug and something along the lines of
Cas works in investment banking. He does not, in fact, know how it is.
“I love you. You know that, right?” Cas nods, his concern morphing to affection. He doesn’t say anything, of which Dean is glad because he’s got a whole speech to get through and he doesn’t wanna get thrown off by just how fucked Cas’ voice is from a few minutes of kissing. “I love you and I want you. Always. No exceptions. I mean, maybe some exceptions but they’re gonna be very few and far between. I’m talking about extreme scenarios here, like deathbed type extremes. Although, I’d probably still wanna fuck you on my deathbed too— but that’s beside the point.
good. Worth bartering with Crowley for ingredients.”
and Dean nods because there’s not much else he can do. Cas gets it, turns and heads back to the rapidly growing pile of paperbacks next to Eileen.
And the Alpha too far away to satisfy it.
Cas, overwhelmed and fraught and still holding on to his release, noses at Dean’s throat, sharp tongue lapping at the bitter wounds like an addict desperate for something more. It takes a few seconds for Dean’s brain to catch up, the overwhelming feeling of being whole taking president over all else; filled by his Alpha, his husband, his mate.
But he doesn't.
Whatever self control Cas had been using to hold himself back, to let this be about Dean—about care and assistance and protection, about his Omega—and not just his own needs, breaks. It falls apart beneath Dean’s nails, biting into taught muscle hard enough to draw blood.
Dean wants to disappear. He wants to stay. He doesn’t want to watch this. He never wants to leave. His eyes that aren’t his eyes are stinging. His hands that aren’t his hands are lead.
“Definitely not holy,” It— No.
would've told me I had a brother.”
the pleasure he’d found so hard to reach before with nothing but his own hand is caressed with each rock inside him. Cas doesn’t even pause to let him adjust, just sets his pace and runs with it. He doesn’t need to ask, not like this. His body reacts to Cas’ touch, his pace, his firm guidance like it’s what he was made to do.
“No, I— actually, yeah.”
It’s a Thursday when he asks. Their usual date night, or as close to a date night as they get — popcorn, movies, casual spellwork, making out on the couch like teenagers and getting more and more handsy as the night goes on. Cas’ tongue is in his mouth, warm and wet and sinfully slow as his fingers dip beneath the hem of Dean’s shirt, not wanting to push boundaries they haven’t discussed, skirting around barriers that don’t even exist.
Dean’s 100% convinced he’s getting a slap for that one—wouldn’t be the first time he’s overstepped the mark with banter at work—but, after a few seconds of stunned silence only punctuated by the tick of the wall clock that’s always two minutes early, both women burst out laughing.
Dean lets himself fall apart.
“Cas?” He can feel himself falling apart, feel the sureness of his talk with Sam fade into anxiety. He just lashed out at the guy holding his baby, like an idiot. What if he’d dropped him? What if he missed?
“Permission to come aboard?” Dean yawns, already slipping beneath what covers he can get at. His toes stroke down the back of Cas’s calves as he settles in, tangling together. He’s warm, a radiator, and Cas groans when Dean wraps an arm around his waist.
The man looks him up and down, lingering over parts of Cas he hadn’t paid much attention to himself. His thighs, his chest, his mouth. Part of him wants to confront this stranger about it. It’s not nice being objectified like that, subject to what can only be described as a predatory gaze.
i wrote this while listening to
“Yeah, hold on, can we just—” He pushes lightly on Cas’s chest, rolling him to the side. Dean winces again as his cock pulls free, severing their tether. He stretches out the leg that had been more or less pinned to his chest, wrapped over Cas’s shoulder. “I don’t wanna cramp up, dude.”
“It’s okay.” It’s soothing to hear the words coming from Sam. He’s always taken naturally to things Dean had to work for; Leadership, Normality, Forgiveness. “We’ll get through it. We always do. Mom’s gonna be okay.”
In the time it takes him to throw the heap of white at the floor, Dean is tugging off his own shirt and, not to sound cliche but what the fuck? Averting his eyes is not an option.
He leaves, offering a squeeze to Dean’s shoulder as he departs, and Dean is alone.
“Cas,” It’s said like a prayer, like a promise. “He’s— It’s Cas.”
"Thank fuck for that."
—” Jo places a palm on Charlie’s arm. Wordless but supportive. “Sorry. Anyway, he said some choice things to say about my girl Shallan Davar and I’m not going to take that kind of slander here, Dean. I’m not.”
It’s one thing to walk into the store and be greeted by the familiar scent of pages and see the team sat with their respective mugs talking about the weekend. It’s another entirely to see Charlie and Jo arguing about
The first seal was broken. Dean, whose very essence shone fierce enough to elicit envy from even the brightest of stars, whose body—battered and broken—had yielded so easily to Castiel’s care, who knew just what he’d done in hell and refused to burden his brother with that knowledge, had succumbed. Dean had broken.
“I know we put searching for a way to bring him back on hold when leads ran dry but, you think we could— you think we could try again? Look into the void side of things and see if we can find anything new?”
Cas wants to fuck it off… if Dean will let him, that is.
— eyes give him the once over, again. There’s a little furrow between his brow and it’s such a human expression. It’s… comforting? No, that’s not it. Cas wants to reach out and touch it, for some reason. Yeah, probably better not to dwell on that.
The hand on his arm, over where the phantom scar of a brand still aches, drags him back to the present, back to Cas.
He can feel, rather than hear, the rumble that seats in his husband’s chest, caught between a growl and a moan. It’s no question that he’s trying to hold back the ferocity. Dean doesn’t want him to. He
Dean isn’t in control of his mouth—hell, he’s barely in control of his own body—but he’s in control of this. His elbows give out and his face hits the bed, clutching at sheets drenched in his own sweat and slick and come. “
“Shut up and fuck me.” He bites, clawing into the mattress.
“Called it!” Crowley shouts, handing out the remaining mugs. Cas smiles in thanks and raises a single eyebrow at Dean. ‘Gaydar’ doesn’t exist. This he knows. There’s no genetic mutation that allows people to identify who is or isn’t queer. God, Dean would’ve been screwed if there was. High School was not the easiest place to realise he didn’t just like girls. There’s no biological giveaway, no neon light flashing above anyone that identifies as anything other than straight. This is real life, not X-Men. And yet, of course, Cas knew. He’s got that glint in his eye, that smug little lift at the corner of his smile, the one that says
Fortunately, the 70's decor, shag carpet and sudden, inexplicable change of scenery do nothing to wane just how much he wants this.
God, Cas hates him. It’s a shame they’re friends.
“Dean— he might seem a little rough around the edges but he’s a good man, his brother too. Some of the only ones left in the world.” Cas, beautiful Cas, ruminates on the thought for a second, eyes slipping shut as a private smile crosses his mouth.
"If someone wants to see what we have on offer, that's fine. That's his or her—"
, checking in beforehand sounds like a better idea. The last thing Dean wants to do is fuck this up. And hey, consent is sexy.
Cas turns to look at where he’d buried the box but the ground was how he’d left it. Nothing had happened. Nothing had happened and yet…
how he felt. All the missed opportunities. All the times it could’ve been, should’ve been, and wasn’t. If Dean hadn’t been so fucking
Cas is dead. Crowley is dead. Mary is dead.
. I miss him so much and I don’t know what to do other than this. Cas was— Jack’s mother, Kelly, knew she was going to die and Cas was meant— Cas was meant to be here, be his guardian angel or something but—” The rest goes unsaid, ground already covered through bitter tears and anger. “I want you to meet him. Cas would want you to meet him.”
How many lives has he claimed as his own? How many souls fell because Dean Winchester answered their prayer?
Maybe they’re spoiling him.
His head is swimming, crying out for the attention it craves and Dean can't help the shiver that prickles down the length of him as his husband, his Alpha, grips his chin and forces their eyes to meet. "Did you miss me?”
Jack doesn’t cry once, barely even makes a fuss as she takes to carrying him around, walking through the bunker with his head buried in a mass of blonde curls. He bubbles along as Claire talks with Sam about some vegetarian restaurant just outside of Sioux Falls that they’ll have to hit together next time he’s around. She talks to Dean too but it’s stilted, just shy of forced.
him. Cas trusted him with his
upright:
he makes—
How easy it could’ve been. To take his hand the night before Carthage, drag him upstairs, and experience other kinds of worship.
Maybe it would help if his roommate wasn’t crawling in like a rebellious teen trying to visit his lover’s without the notice of their strict religious parents at—he glances at his phone, ignoring the three missed calls and eight unread texts—two am on a Friday.
His brothers and sisters had always scoffed about the fragility of humans; their hot blooded impulses and their fragile minds, so easily broken by the faintest touch of heavenly might. Castiel had thought—hoped—that the fabled Michael Sword, would be different. Special.
but Dean’s not listening, can’t hear anything over the thump of his own racing heartbeat. They sit like that for a while, or maybe a second, or maybe forever.
Everything seemed to be coming up, Dean.
Dean hums, letting his eyes slip shut, content to just feel. “You could say that.”
Coming untouched isn't as common as pornos and eroticas like everyone to believe. Cas' dick is just that good.
“If she has,” Sam points his empty fork at her chest and she bats it out the way like it’s nothing. “Donna owes me fifty bucks.”
She thrusts the infant towards him, naked and wailing. Her palms glow where they touch it and Dean can see that she’s bleeding way more than she should be. He can see that she’s already dead.
. There is so much more to come, this he knows, but there’s time to rejoice.
When he awakes, it’s to an empty bed and a text from an unknown number.
“I spoke to Dr. Lafitte about your heat—”
he feels for not telling Cas when he had the chance, about the flash of golden light and about waking up hours later and still shaking from the intensity of it.
summoned
How much time and heartbreak they could’ve saved if Dean had let him stay instead of siding with Gadreel. Dean could’ve shown him what it meant to be human. He could’ve done that,
“Oh bite me, Jerk.” There’s a muffled kiss on the other end of the line and a few other words that Dean doesn’t even want to try and catch, tuning back into the relaxing lap of the water around him. He knows too much about his brother’s relationship with his wife as it is. It’s not too bad, though. He likes Rowena — loves her, even — and honestly, he couldn’t imagine a better partner for Sam. Ever since they were kids, Sam had wanted to settle down into a conventional life with a conventional job and it took a while but he did all those things — the beautiful house, the sensible car, the flush savings account. Then again, he also married one of the most powerful witches in the county, perhaps even the most powerful. Dean’s own magic is dwarfed in comparison, like birthday candles to a bonfire.
pre-castiel’s entrance in 4x01 lazarus rising, pre-castiel having a vessel.
“Did she head out? Claire?”
The first of many olive branches.)
“You still want that?”
“He’s our responsibility now.”
He’s no longer in the memory, Cas’ voice is vibration alone and his eardrums throb with it but it quietens until he can’t hear it or feel it at all. Jack’s presence is nowhere to be felt either.
“Yeah man, you were completely knocked out.” Sam, always Sam, pours him another cup of coffee. It’s bitter and scalding but Dean can’t feel his tongue anyway. Different parts of him feel numb. All he can think of is the dark. His coffee is black. “Jack’s fine but you shouldn’t sleep with him on your chest like that. If you roll over—”
was a metaphor for me going into that motel, getting fucked up on vodka and passing out.” It tumbles from his mouth inelegantly and admitting it all fills him with burning embarrassment. His cheeks warm. If Dean notices, he doesn’t mention it. “So, yeah. A little.”
A single golden tear slips down her cheek, wisps of light escaping with it.
Cas shudders as Dean’s hands graze his thighs, pushing along the rough wool of his slacks. The cool air against his cock in contrast with the warmth of Dean’s proximity has him harder than he ever thought he could be in a decrepit motel at the edge of state lines but it doesn’t stop him wanting. Doesn’t stop him thanking whatever was going through his wine-addled brain that had him agreeing to come out here, mess with dark forces on the off chance that he might succeed. Doesn’t stop him gripping Dean’s hips and rolling them so he’s flat on the bed, legs hiked around Cas’s waist.
bruises on the knees of the morning star’s vessel, purpling against pale. pulse a hummingbird’s wings by the shadow of dark. let a stronger brother hear his cries, let a miracle walk to his side, save the child from the plan, from the stone carved with old bones. you shouldn't know this. his cries are a siren. monsters under his bed eat bullets, not bedtime stories. a boy, not yet a king, not yet a corpse.
“And I was an angel in a past life.” Cas scoffs, placing the items on the mattress but keeping hold of one sachet to warm between his palms. “Is it okay for me—?”
“Well, be sure to thank them for me.” Cas won’t. “Anyway, what can I do for you?”
“It’s Cas.” He withdraws his fingers, watching with thinly veiled fascination as Dean clenches around nothing.
“Dammit Cas,
But dammit, he can sure as hell try.
He makes it to the living room before he sinks down to his knees.
(jack brought cas back from the empty before he dipped)
There's a creak of a door and, for a second, Castiel’s bliss melts into fear. Meg's found him and is demanding answers, Gabriel's here to go over plans before the morning, Balthazar's bored and has decided to walk in unannounced. A myriad of scenarios flash through his head, shrouding the part of his brain that identifies the noise didn't come from his hotel. It’s not until he hears a southern drawl mumble out a
He is. Of course, he is.
His heat should have faded by now. Day six is usually— well, they don’t usually last this long. He’s usually back at work, beneath the hood of some beast, coated in grease and brake fluid, wrench tucked into one of his belt loops, still pleasantly aching. He’d called Bobby between fitful naps, barely had to say two words. With a gruff dismissal and very little else, he’d been cleared of another week. In any other circumstance, Dean would be happy about the break, but he wants the distraction. Anything to take his mind of the roiling heat that bubbles too far away to satisfy.
— but does he trust himself? Who is he without the weight of Jack in his arms? Who is he without something to protect?
“Always do.”
He steps closer, Jack still fussing in his arms. Dean wants to tell him what that means, that Jack wants to be closer, wants to touch, but it doesn’t seem like the time. The icy intensity of his eyes has never been warmer and Dean melts beneath it. “Did you mean it?” He asks. “What you said?”
Where did all his anxiety go? All the fear, all the hurt. He can't find it but, then again, he doesn't really look, too focused on the opportunity presenting itself before him. The only thing screaming through Cas's head is want, so visceral and fierce, and the telltale signs of arousal licking their way from the pit in his stomach. Fuck.
“I’m happy to be home.” He whispers. Just for them. Just for him.
The floorboards creak as he ascends the stairs one socked foot at a time, as the memory flits away, chased out by the call of his warm, comfortable bed, only two doors away. The door protests as he opens it slowly and behind it, across on the king-size, he sees a rather inviting pile of blankets. He strips down to his briefs, too tired brush his teeth or throw his jeans in the laundry (he’ll regret it in the morning but right now he’s got bigger things to worry about), and pulls back the cover to reveal the softly sleeping form of his boyfriend.
Kill him?
Throwing his arm back around Cas’s neck proves more effort than it’s worth but holding him close like this, fingernails piercing the soft flesh of his neck for that burst of ozone and
knocking down the co-parented cactus that they’d liberated from Prof Shurley’s office. Liberated, not stolen. Cas barely looks up from his notes. He’s got a final in just over a week and no matter how many times he reads back through his books and papers and all manner of other additional supporting texts, nothing seems to be going in. Or, at least, going in and staying there.
Cas probably should've asked for permission before diving in for a kiss as he does. Two steps forward and clutching at leather, tasting bourbon on Dean's lips—burn and salt and a spike of something else. A hand grips at the back of his neck, while another winds around his waist, holding him close and Cas can't imagine ever saying no to this. He's never kissed like this. He's never been kissed like this.
born in the light to darkness; to a war waiting to be won; an enemy not yet made; a mound of dust on a barren desert. then, a garden. then, a paradise. later, your father breathes it life, gives it a name, anoints himself god. fragile pink flesh stretched taught over bone. he takes a rib, makes another. or so the story goes.
Each push and pull sends him further from lucidity, deeper into the frenzy that threatens to overtake him, frying his nerves until the whole of him burns with need. It’s animalistic and each moan he coaxes from Dean, each roll of his hips that punctuates with a gasp or a whine, only fuels the furnace inside him. He’s never felt like this. It’s intoxicating.
Dean is there, one eyebrow raised in question and a smirk playing at the corner of his lips.
But he can’t.
Not that Dean would admit to noticing that.
Dean, with all his maturity, retches.
and done all of it because it was the right thing to do. He’d risked everything for this. There are so many parts of Dean that want to revert to his roots, claw back any scars hunting left deep in him and slaughter this monster that would end the world in a tantrum, but it reaches for him and every instinct in Dean’s body calls to reach back.
. Each
— doesn’t make the cut. Hell, Sam barely does, and he’s as much a father to Jack as Dean is.
he’s your child, your best friend, your brother and you love him and it’s okay and it doesn’t matter what comes next because you’d rather die together than live alone.
“Please,
Dean huffs, scratching the faint shadow of stubble on his cheek.
Sam doesn’t even look surprised. He smiles, sadly, and picks at his fruit adorned breakfast. “I know.”
"I know," His sigh comes through crackled by the speaker as if his mouth is too close to the mic. Dean doesn't like this conversation and neither does he but, in the post-orgasm clarity, Castiel can't help himself. The need for validation erodes him, leaving nothing but a shell behind. "For what it's worth, I'm glad you keep coming back. You're my favourite."
They break for air eventually. Reluctantly.
grave dirt tasting like salt and earth caked beneath broken fingernails beneath nothing. forest bent to your resurrection, felled by this exalted body. built right the second time around. blisters and burns and beautiful, still, under belting midday sun.
Dean clutches him to his chest, hoping the cover of his jacket will be enough to stave off the cold. He doesn’t know where the blankets are, or if there are any at all. He never got the time to ask. Cas and Kelly had the time to build furniture, paint a mural, buy a year’s supply of diapers for fuck's sake. They didn't think to put out any damn blankets? Dean doesn't know where to look for them, doesn't know why suddenly blankets are the most important thing in the world. There are so many things he doesn’t know, and so many he does.
Sam, used to this shit by now, rolls his eyes. Dean doesn’t have to see him to know that. He just knows. Call it intuition. Call it living together for almost twenty-two years. “Premonition?”
Dean wants to laugh, but the thought of anyone taking Jack away sets his teeth on edge, spikes a vicious possessiveness through him.
—” His movements falter at Dean’s name for him, another kind of warmth pulling at his gut; softer, but no less overwhelming. “—want you.”
“What’s your name?”
does.
This time, it’s his turn to nod. So he does, letting Cas take the floor. He crawls closer, laying Dean back down onto the couch as he does so and, yeah, Dean’s not surprised as his dick leaps against his stomach, trapped beneath the ratty sweats he’d pulled out especially for their date. Comfort over style, of course.
His head says it’s not worth the effort but his heart still aches; it’s loss and grief and the absence of whatever he thought he—
reversed:
with a short kid Dean doesn’t recognise while Eileen clears up the mess of a collapsed shelf and Crowley mans the counter, smiling in that way he does that seems awful like he instigated this.
Cas, still leaning over him, still with Dean’s hand held to his face, licks a stripe up the centre of Dean’s palm. It’ll be over in seconds if he keeps doing shit like that.
He stands and, with probably a little less decorum than something like this demands, drops the box into the hole.
He groans, turning to face him fully. “Yes?”
It took aeons.
Dean’s on his feet and halfway down the corridor before her shout breaks off, Sam half a step behind. He doesn’t even have to think about it, years of training built to react and respond, to instinctively know. So he does.
“Cas,” Dean isn’t even ashamed of how desperate he sounds. He is desperate. Castiel is between his legs, fully clothed, talking about how much Dean gets him off. It’s like a straight shot of lust directly into his brain, addling the coherent thought there with the filthy need to be spread open on Cas’ cock within the next few minutes. Which is fine, because he prepped just in case. “Don’t be a fucking tease.”
Reluctantly, Cas nods.
Yeah. It’s nice to see people actually happy for once.
shaggy brown hair you used to cut with blunt scissors caught in the downwind, citrus and strawberries. in this story, you are the hunter.
"—or their—" Jo prods at his chest.
“Amenable? Did you eat a thesaurus for dinner?” Dean smiles right back, everything edged with a softness that hadn’t been there before. He’s closer, leaning in ever so slightly and Cas can taste the warmth of his breath. He’s not sure what part of his brain is controlling his body right now but he’s perfectly okay with it, drawn in by whatever magnetic force connects them, too strong to resist—not that he ever would.
, Cas. Just had my fingers to keep me goin’. I’m buying another knot toy. Can’t fucking do that shit again—
“It was me.” He chokes out, finally. “I was— I was in a bad way, man. I didn’t know what to do and then Jack showed me how he remembered you but everything went black and I couldn’t feel Jack anymore — couldn’t feel anything. I didn’t know what else to do, so, yeah. I prayed.”
“It’s got Jack.” is all she says before Dean’s moving again, armed only with his fists, and he’s prepared to fucking use them. He hasn’t wanted to kill in a long time, not really — not since the Mark — but fury surges through his veins like a match to gasoline. He doesn’t care who it is. He couldn’t care less.
“What?”
“I know, but I can’t think about it right now, Sammy.” The baby fusses in his arms, clenching and unclenching his fists in fitful sleep. In only two weeks since they brought him to the bunker, he’s grown so much. And yet, still, he fits in the palms of Dean’s hands like a gift he doesn’t quite know how to accept. He doesn’t feel worthy. He doesn’t feel anything. He feels too much. “He’s just a baby. He’s—”
Knowing all this, Dean does the only thing he can.
Dean knows she’s talking about heaven. Or, her heaven, at least. Not everyone’s that lucky.
“Badass? Loyal? Dedicated? Understanding? I got more if you want ‘em.” Sam scoffs, halfway through his second plate. Maybe Dean should add this one to his arsenal of recipes, even if it is a bitch to find egg-free lasagne noodles in Lebanon, Kansas.
“She uh— No. She said she’d stick around for a day or two. I spoke to Jody about it but,” He shakes his head, swoops of hair falling from where he tucks it behind his ears. “She’s shaken up, Dean. I don’t think she expected to see you like this. Which is fine, you’re allowed to feel things and process things at your own pace, I just don’t think she really knew how close you and Cas were, you know? Last night really hit it home.”
The line falls dead and Dean tries not to think about how he wishes Castiel was home to appreciate the silence left in its wake.
Cas talked about her all the time. Text her constantly. All the new things he learned, all the little things she did, all the achievements she aced, Dean knew about because of Cas. She reminds him so much of himself — sometimes too much — and he loves her, because of Cas.
He’s not proud of it. It simmers in his belly long after Jack yawns, all gums and weighted eyelids.
reversed:
And then Cas is on his back.
Castiel is knelt between his legs, swiping through the warmed slick with careful precision. The fact that he’s still fully clothed, even down to the pocket square and cufflinks, is unfair. He looks so put together, so focused on his task, that Dean only catches the colour of his eyes when Cas strokes the washcloth over his limp cock. Dark. Hungry.
“Cas—”
The kitchen is silent, far enough away from their bedrooms that Sam won’t be able to hear it.
a part of you has always known it would be this way. preferred it, even. your guts on the floor and his tears on your cheek. better this than the alternative. the world will not survive without him, but it might without you.
The coat smells like Cas and something new.
“I didn’t know you and Ellen were an item, Dean,” Cas perks up from his spot on the floor. He’s not even being coy about it—eyebrows pinched up in a look of exacerbated worry, one hand pressed across his heart. “I would hate to wreck a loving home.”
She loves him, too. Dean’s yet to meet anyone who doesn’t. That being said, Jack’s current visitors have been limited to Dean, Sam, Claire and the pizza guy that drops off their Friday night order. But parents get that way about their kids, apparently. Sometimes he still looks at Sam that way — like raising him is the greatest thing he’s ever done.
He doesn’t want to find out.
Cas stiffens.
But she says nothing.
Until then, he’ll just have to make do.
“Dean.”
He rubs his temples, finding the telltale pressure of a tension headache building beneath his fingers to the incessant stream of
He can feel himself trying to thrash but his body that’s not his body doesn’t respond.
“Hmm?”
Sam drops a short stack onto his plate — bacon on one side, syrup on the other — and Dean doesn’t even acknowledge it, staring into the black of his coffee, remembering the thought confessions and flash of gold in the dark.
Thankfully, they settled into bunker life with Sam as their buffer. He doesn’t know about the confession, and why should he? The moment was personal. Theirs. The memory of it weighs on him daily, each word a stone in his gut. Cas doesn’t bring it up and Dean doesn’t want to ruin the relationship—such a fickle thing—that exists between them now. Just like Cas said: happiness isn’t in the having.
Evidently not.
he attacks first.
“Shut
It doesn't matter that it's over before it's really even started because, if past experience accounts for anything, this will not be the last orgasm Dean has tonight. The first of many. The first of so fucking many.
When Jack returned him, slipped him from between this world and the next, as easy as breathing, Dean hadn’t had the luxury of higher brain function. He ran, flung his arms around the angel’s shoulders and wept for the second time that week. Sam had joined in too. For the first time in years, his family had felt whole.
And then he got to work.
God, it’s too early to be talking about Brandon
“Dean has been there for me in my times of need; when the heavens turned on me, when the whole world did, Dean and Sam were there.”
And he would do it again.
Maybe it’s Sam that calls after him, maybe it’s Claire. He doesn’t know. He can’t find it in himself to care either.
It takes a second for him to catch his breath once he’s fully seated, wrapped in such an all-encompassing heat that it’s almost too much. His fingertips grip at Dean’s flesh, promising bruises in their wake. A trail of breadcrumbs to find his way back.
wait, take a step back.
“Shut up.”
To be honest, he hadn’t been thinking much when he left, too concerned with the fact that he’d had to buy the bones of a dead animal on Etsy, of all places. People are into taxidermy now, apparently.
She falls lifeless to the bed.
Dean's getting pretty fucking tired of people telling him what to do.
it's a crack. you ignore it. stand by your post, take orders and seek revelation. the songs of your brothers and sisters ring true. if only they knew. if only they knew. the path sacred requires devotion and you give it. you give and you give and the hairline fracture is deep and cavernous now. as far as the fall, as deep as the pit. blinding light, a beacon, a lighthouse. it aches, to feel.
Jack, in all his empathetic glory, begins to cry.
(5) BL_O_
“Wha— that’s not my wish!” Panic seeps into Cas’s voice, just enough for him to lose the thin veil of confidence. He kicks himself for letting it. Even though, at this point, he’s not even sure what his wish would be anymore.
“That, my friend," Dean starts, pausing to pull out a silver flask from his pocket and take a sip. A drop of liquor catches on his bottom lip. Time slows for a second as his tongue darts out to collect it. Cas knows he's not being subtle as he watches but, quite frankly, he doesn't give a shit. "Sounds like a no. Call it demon intuition.”
It's with a broken
But she does. She smiles the warmest she has since arriving, wet and sorrowful, but warm. And when she leans in to press a kiss on Jack’s forehead, she stays there a little longer, head almost resting on Dean’s shoulder. Almost a hug.
“Yeah, well try telling your mom that.” He bites, taking a long overdue sip of the tepid instant garbage Crowley insists on buying for the break room because it costs less than an actual coffee maker. It wouldn’t take five minutes for someone to stop in at the coffee house down the street that Sammy’s been going on about for weeks but Monday isn’t the time for that argument. The bitter taste settles on his tongue and it takes a second for him to realise what it is he actually just said. “Wait— that’s not—”
cas can't focus on his studies and dean doesn't help. or maybe he does.
Dean can’t breathe, the lump in his throat too hard to swallow past and the weapon tucked down the back of his jeans feels corrosive to the touch — the safety, untouched for months, remains just that. He’s on his knees at Claire’s feet before he’s even aware of moving at all. The concrete floor is cold and unyielding.
He wants to get fucked.
knows he would if he could. There’s a part of him that’s worried about their audience, but it disappears when Cas’ takes an arm around his waist, drags him back in and just fucking
Her face is a wash of graced tears, gold and white and blinding as she holds her son in her hands, an offering. “Please!”
Castiel rocks into his spit slicked fist. It’s inelegant, sloppy, and ideally wouldn’t be happening this way; one hand against the cold bathroom tile and the other around his own cock. Ideally, he wouldn’t have had to leave in the first place. Wouldn’t have to touch himself as Dean’s voice reverberates through his cell phone speaker, a moan caught on the edge of a breath, distorted by the miles between them. Nothing could ever compare to the real thing. Silence hangs in the humidity, permeated by the sound of both their breathing, ragged and heavy and so far out of sync. The weight of how depraved he must look settles deep in his belly, searing hot and spurring him onward. It’s been a week since they last saw one another and Castiel can feel it.
