did you do this, why
John shook his head. “No.” It wasn't an exclamation of distress so much as a statement of fact.
“No, Sherlock. It's not like that anymore.”
didn't have to run to alcohol.
“Why not?” Sherlock brushed the flowers and mice off the table, no longer concerned with gloves now that the mice were dead.
“A house collapsed on him.”
John felt a strange sort of twisting inside him as the world stopped again, without his pleading. There had only been a lapse of less than half an hour since the first time it had happened. John was desperately stitching up one of the injured soldiers when he saw his blood had ceased flowing from the wound on his head. John, breathless, stitched faster, barely able to comprehend the implications. He was too consumed by his chances to save lives.
“Unfortunately, John, following a script has never been an option. It's
“There's nothing else big and interesting about me besides the war and the Hickman.”
SH: Because ultimately, the reader will think what the reader wants to think. All readers are biased from the start, regardless of their claims otherwise.
* * *
“Why does everyone like this so much?” Sherlock asked from his seat in the reclined chair of the planetarium. A few seats to his left, Ida Cairns stood behind her podium, running through the new show that would begin the following day. Many times she would rewind the narration, tweak the projections, all these silly details that seemed to matter so much to her. It all looked the same to Sherlock. Pretty, yes, but the stars and planets were nearly impossible for him to distinguish in any meaningful way. More balls of gas and flame.
Sherlock shrugged one shoulder. “You all told me to act, so I did.”
“You're all right with that?”
“You two knew each other before coming here, then?”
, respectively. They teach them in every literature class in the English speaking world.”
“Yeah, well, it's sort of a moot point, anyway.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock nearly ran as well – in the opposite direction – anticipating a less than friendly retaliation from John, but he stopped just short of the detective and stared hard at him.
He shrugged. “It's interesting to see how the world will play out when left mostly to its own devices. Also, some of them I just have no idea what to do with.”
“Of course. You're right. It'll be fine. We've dealt with worse.”
“Lestrade also reports that Holmes is recovering well after many hours of surgery the night of the incident, and that he is scheduled to be discharged home next week. John Watson has passed along his thanks to the public for all their prayers and well-wishes.”
The taxi pulled up to the curb, and Sherlock tucked the paperback back in his pocket, reaching out a gloved hand to open the car door. Baker Street was already growing still around them, a domestic silence leaving little outside except pools of light from street lamps and the occasional sound of tires on asphalt.
“This one you can touch, though,” he said quietly. “It won't poison you.”
“I'm intrigued.”
“No, you're right. Much more.”
"One of what?"
“We split for good. Officially, I mean. We decided it would be best if we didn't see each other.”
“We always stay at mine. Never yours.”
John sighed. “Well, if you die, it won't be at my hands, Sherlock.” Sherlock only nodded, a silent “likewise,” or so John hoped. “I don't want to kill anyone. And those tributes that are children? I could never even pretend that I would be able to kill them.”
“Not hungry,” he said, leaning his head on his hand.
She shook her head and pointed at the sofa, waiting for John to take a seat. “John this whole mess, it isn't something that happens to ordinary people. Normally people don't come back from the dead. How can I be mad at you for something like this? The person you've always loved is alive. I'd feel terrible if I got angry at you this time. It's a special circumstance, sure. But I saw how much losing him ruined you. You don't think I noticed, because you were trying so hard to be fine, but I did. It wasn't exactly rocket science, putting two and two together. Now, if years down the line he really was dead and you were still incapable of moving on, then I'd probably be angry. But not the way things turned out. I can't blame you. I'd do the same thing.”
Within seconds, the sound of breaking wood announced the beast as it came at them. And then the sound of a gunshot as John fired at the hulking shadow. Sherlock saw the eyes, saw them as they sank close to the ground, the monster landing with a thud. For a moment, Sherlock thought it was crouching, and that it would leap back up at go at them again, but the eyes remained unmoving and unseeing.
to kill anyone. So he allowed them their rest at the base of the rocks.
I wondered what John would have had to say about such philosophy, as a doctor.
The room had waited for Harry's response, but none came. No words, no physicality, no tears. Her silence was louder than any other options could ever have been.
More to himself than to Sherlock, John said, "I guess that probably has something to do with why I had some dreams about serial killings."
He had to believe that.
The feeling increased exponentially when he turned to leave and found Sherlock standing just inside the room, scanning the crowd. When his eyes found John, he pushed through the people and came to a halt in front of him.
"How did you ever survive before you had me around?" John wasn't entirely kidding. Sherlock was awful about taking care of himself. He believed his body was transport, which may have been true, but even cars needed oil changes. He laughed a little to himself, tried to cross his arms across his chest, making it halfway before the muscles and bones protested. John was waiting for a sarcastic retort.
Sometimes it takes a sword to pierce through the armour we create for ourselves, but the job is truly better done by gentle hands. Then once you've been stripped down to nothing, to the barest, most raw part of yourself, those hands can hold you together, and act as your shield, your new source of protection.
Sholto said quietly, “For real?”
Sherlock gave a tiny nod of agreement and followed John into the living room. When John sat down on the sofa, Sherlock sat beside him.
Sherlock stood, crossing the room to his violin. It had been a while since he'd tried that. Maybe it would work this time, would drown John out.
I stared at the back of the sofa, mentally willing him to stop. I could hear in his breathing that he was so close to speaking again, but finally, he only sighed, and I heard him sit down in his usual chair, picking up the day's paper.
"You've solved lots of crimes like this, then?"
It was no tender moment, I assure you. Do not banish me to the world of romanticism just yet.
“Honestly? Yeah.”
“Yes. But I'd rather see ancient ruins than some of the things the military allowed me to see.”
“Come on. We have a case.” He stepped up to the curb and flagged down a cab.
Waiting for him.
At one point, they crossed through a piazza, and John laughed before he could stop himself, at the strange statue of an elephant with an obelisk rising up out of his back.
“We hated each other when we first met.”
"No, we did split up because of you."
John was convinced he was talking to himself, so when a voice answered, "Afraid not," he nearly blacked out. The voice couldn't belong to anyone else. John reached over and clicked on the lamp on the bedside table, and the figure in the doorway squinted in the new light.
“I don't know what Mary thinks. And I don't
When John looked at him, Sherlock attempted to be indifferent. “Couldn't agree more.”
John shook his head. “I am too old to be drinking enough to not remember the night before.” He looked up from the floor at Sherlock. “Do you remember anything?”
“Your chats tend to have ulterior motives, and I'm not a fan of chats that involve slurs you've used against my sister.”
John stared at his hands, running a finger along the edge of his glass. “Do you know what happened? In Rome? Do you still keep up with the news? Tell me what you know about it so I know what blanks to fill in. Don't worry about sugar-coating.”
him?” Sherlock stopped in the middle of the room, practically scandalized. “I'm not
Alcoholic.
“Great.” John flipped through the folder. The faces inside meant nothing to him. Had he accidentally turned blinders on to any part of his world that wasn't Sherlock and Baker Street and the goddamn London stars?
"Sherlock had only been a child when it happened, his mother skirting around the word “hanged” like it was poison on her lips."
John had also tried in the past to get Sholto to get professional help, a therapist or something, but even as he had said it, he heard the unspoken,
Sherlock followed safely behind John, and became confused when he took a few turns away from Baker Street. Why wasn't he going home?
John smiled a little. He heard Sherlock's footsteps stop in an annoyed huff for a minute before resuming, ignoring Molly's request at stillness. Whether Sherlock would admit it or not, he was just as concerned as John was. Concern would be the only thing that would make him show his trust in Molly Hooper.
The golden twilight had faded to black, and the only stars that came through the window were the lights from outside the hotel, fighting with the dim lamp light in the living room.
Technically, he wasn't even supposed to be there. The planetarium was closed to the public by that hour, but Cairns had gone to university with his mother. Closing times didn't apply to him.
and been ruined and broken and will never recover from what he's done, and he wants to keep doing it. He doesn't care what the consequences are. We don't even know what he wants or if he wants anything at all, but we know that he doesn't care who he hurts along the way. There were
“None of this is your concern. You did your job. Now you can spend the rest of the year in your usual state of drugs and debauchery and
Sherlock stood like a child being scolded, staring down at the water. “John –”
“Well, John has always been an excellent healer in our district, and he learned from his father, of course. And although he probably does not remember it, he and his father saved my life once, when we were younger.”
"No, I haven't."
“It's a James Bond movie.”
"Yeah, what do you want?"
“No, at least, none of these have tried to steal from me. Not yet, anyway.”
“When did you get assigned to this case, Sherlock?” The two brothers stopped and stared at him, pausing at his interruption. Mycroft then shot Sherlock a condescending sort of look. John was so totally out of his element. The Holmes brothers, for all their clashing with the room itself, were still more suited to this place than he was. Why couldn't they have done this, of all things, at Baker Street where he would be safe?
“You don't have to say anything.”
But it was so easy for John to close those last few inches between them.
Who in their right mind, when provided a perfect opportunity, uses it to bring up someone being set on fire? Of all time periods, he had to be playing a
"Please."
“No one survives the Games. You know that as well as I do. Like you said, I'm good as dead. I know it.”
The man looked at him over Mrs. Hudson, his eyes narrowing in concentration. Nodding toward John, he asked her, “Is this the man who's been coming around like a lost dog?”
John suddenly realized how quickly he was breathing, how panicked he must have sounded. “Yes. You could say that.”
He laughed. “I know better than to argue with you, Watson. But in all seriousness, I'm very happy for you. People are lucky enough to find someone they would want to be with, but to lose that person and have them come back from death itself? Things like that don't happen to everyone.”
"I think you knew
Sherlock opened his eyes. He had evidently fallen asleep without meaning to. He was sprawled at the feet of the statue, and his brother was standing nearby, scrutinizing the figure.
“What the hell – what the
“You aren't a freak. People who use other people for their skills can go to hell. And even if you can't solve every crime or save every victim, you've done a lot of good for a lot of people, even if you claim you only do it for the sake of solving the puzzle.”
“Thank you for letting me.”
“What was all that, then?”
Kitty Riley [
Once or twice, though, he looked as if he almost hoped Sherlock would confirm whatever nagging visions of the night he had, like he was looking for an out. But Sherlock never did.
“That stunt you pulled, in the alley in Rome. How long had you wanted to do that?”
“There's nothing to say. It was just an awful day. Regular working people have those, sometimes,” he said, when Sherlock continued to sit in silence.
As he pulled open the heavy doors he realized the building was a church. John himself hadn't set foot in a church of any kind for any reason in years, but he could be reverent of beauty even if he couldn't be reverent of god.
“Hmm. It's a poor consolation. But yes. At least they weren't. They were unpleasant.”
"Yes, fine, fine." I continued my laps around the room.
They didn't speak to anyone for days. Instead they stayed in, ordering whatever food could be delivered to their door, spending hours just making up for lost time. The two of them could sit silently on the sofa with the television on in the background, and somehow that felt like all they needed. In the end, it had been so
. She looked at him with sympathy, her usual faint smile faded. She didn't look like the hopeful young woman for a moment. Right then, John could see everything she had seen, both at home and in the Games, etched into her face.
“Admittedly, I will likely be bored as well. I've grown rather fond of your technology,” he said, finally looking up from his puzzle. But if his face was any indication, John was just as much of a puzzle as the Rubik's cub had been.
John turned away before he did something stupid, and forced himself to not look back.
"Well, now I
“We broke up. A long time ago. But you knew that already, didn't you?” John couldn't keep the smile off his face.
"I am aware."
Sherlock didn't stop the world when John was home. He didn't feel he could risk it. John was not the most observant man, but he was certainly smart enough to notice if the layout of Sherlock's experiment in the kitchen had changed, or if Sherlock himself randomly disappeared from his place on the sofa. No, it was much too great a risk. John would either think he had something wrong with himself or would insist on an explanation from Sherlock.
John slept fitfully that night, despite being on the most comfortable bed he'd ever known inside the darkest, calmest bedroom ever built. Even the slight motion from the train couldn't lull him into a restful sleep. He just lay awake staring into the dark, thinking about how less than a day ago, he'd been sitting at home with Harry, eating their meager dinner and planning the next hunt.
“In a way.”
“Hey. Leave it alone, yeah?” Sherlock hesitated, but finally nodded. “That's the last thing you need.”
Sherlock was already feeling cagey by noon.
His first few weeks with Sherlock had been such a whirlwind that it took him longer than planned to get truly settled in Baker Street. When he'd left his old rooms, he had done so quickly, throwing most of his things into various bags and suitcases with little thought. The only thing he had packed carefully was the painting, still cushioned by clothing in its suitcase. After meeting Sherlock, he had spent only a single night in his old rooms before leaving entirely, and as soon as that place was behind him, he felt that maybe, even if only in some very small way, the Hickman was behind him too.
“Sure.” He sat down near Sherlock, leaning his arms on the table. “I just came from Mary's.”
“Sing it?”
“People do little else.”
“I wish you could, John. But we have to leave, and now. There's been an explosion in the mines. We'll need to bring the gun with us.”
“Not fine. You have dark circles under your eyes, so no sleep of any kind last night, not even bad sleep. You were gripping your gun so tightly when you saw me that your knuckles were white. You have that scar on your shoulder where your jacket's torn. And there is blood on you, and it isn't yours or mine –”
“You were very lucky, then. Got a set of pins in my leg for a souvenir.” She smiled, lovely and sweet as could be. “Sarah Sawyer,” she said, shaking his hand.
– the lips and hands were gone, and there was a moment's pause, some spoken promise by Sherlock, before he took off and vanished.
were you thinking?”
“Why did you not want me to mention to Lestrade that you'd been at the Hickman?”
nonsense and the equally grating
Mike clapped him on the shoulder. “Oh yeah, I've known Sherlock for years. It'll be fine.”
"Yes."
“They're old money, Dr. Watson. All they have is time.”
John walked through the woods, infuriated that all he
John laughed. "Come on. Who'd want me for a flatmate?"
Never in my life have I felt that kind of terror. It hit me then that there had been a shift in my life that had let in another person, and I was not inclined to return to my previous state.
. What would he do if he got his hands on us?”
. You are going to have to let people into your now very public life. You don't get to lock yourself up and pretend you're not human like everyone else.”
“The Hickman, yes?”
“Yes, we are.”
“You don't?”
“Siken,” Sherlock said quietly. “I'm surprised they're familiar with any modern ones.”
“Please don't repeat that story to anyone.”
He still felt dizzy when they called his name.
But then again, even taking it platonically, it was still quite a statement. What did it mean, when someone considered you essential to their life? What did it mean when they equated you with home? For so long, John realized, he had lived solely in his own head, living an interior life. The rest of the world he'd let continue on around him, showing little interest in it. It was strange to think that he made an impact in anyone's life, so wrapped up in his own world had he been. He never once considered that, while Sherlock had shown up at the right moment and changed his world, that he may have had a similar effect, however small, on Sherlock.
As the Pantheon emptied, Sherlock only stood quietly beside John, waiting, no intention of leaving unless John said the word. It didn't matter that their clothes were beginning to turn darker with water, that rain clung to their hair and made the floors slick beneath their feet. They were not driven away by the gods' lightning. Being the last people in this ancient place made them feel exposed, an isolated case plucked from the mass of men, and while John had certainly had times where he thought the gods were somehow involved in life and punishing him, that wasn't the case today.
(See the end of the chapter for
league.”
The silence sat over them for a moment, heavy and warm from all the ovens back in the kitchen, the sharp contrast to the cold panes of glass. John continued to calmly work his way through his food, pausing to drink. John was more of a liquor person than a wine person at heart, and it showed in the way he knocked back half a glass like he would a shot of whiskey. But he knew Sherlock was a wine drinker and had recently adjusted his own drink orders accordingly. They were almost needing another bottle.
When John felt the world stop, he thought it was a salute. The world
Their suite was upstairs, an elegant and lavish place with an enormous sitting room. Everything looked breakable, and it made John almost nostalgic for the simplicity and domesticity of Baker Street. But the suite was beautiful, and the view from their windows and balcony just as enchanting as every other facet of the city had been.
“No. Because they felt that they were living under the shadow of it all. In fact, they had no idea about what happened in Afghanistan, they didn't know I was a common name in the news reports. All they knew was that something in the war had destroyed me from the inside out, and I could never pretend I was okay. Apparently it's difficult for someone to spend time with someone who is constantly reliving terrible things. People who haven't been in situations like ours, they don't know what to make of somebody living ruled by their own pasts. It puts a strain on things. This person told me that it felt like I was more attached to my own sadness than I was to them.”
A few blocks farther and Sherlock came to a screeching halt, blindly reaching out and grabbing John by the wrist, pulling him into an alley. John could still hear the sirens, and the wide eyes and breathlessness that had taken over Sherlock produced an immediate sinking feeling of
Mrs. Hudson introduced the two of them, explaining to John that this man, this Sherlock Holmes, was the one looking to rent the flat upstairs and would he like to see it? John blindly agreed, a bit floored by Sherlock in a way he didn't even understand. Captivating, yes, and beautiful, but John got the impression that there were darker places inside Sherlock Holmes than perhaps even inside himself.
John couldn't help but wonder if somehow his phone had on it texts from the long since dead Moriarty that said only:
The speech had the desired effect. People laughed, people cried, people looked at each other with the sentimental gazes that seemed to permeate such affairs.
“Christ.”
“What do you mean?”
“No, but we did.”
He probably shouldn't have come at all, but the shop was so close to home, and he was so tired of the silence in Baker Street. Theatrics aside, this wasn't how normal people did things. Normal people were dinner and a movie, ad nauseam, so it wasn't as if he genuinely wanted to be like them, but he was acutely aware that there was no rule book of social cues for
“Tell you the truth, I don't have many loved ones, and I was there alone, so I suppose in that regard I'm luckier than most people there were.”
“Not impossible. You'd manage.”
“I heard you.” He continued to stare straight ahead, but never did speak again. John didn't much appreciate being ignored so blatantly, but he wasn't going to keep making an effort if Sherlock was going to be like that. John looked away from him, feeling himself settling into a bad mood as they called Sherlock's name. He left without even glancing at John, completely caught up in his own head.
But as much as John tried to summon up some rage, some disappointment, some sort of harsh words, he failed miserably. All he could think about was that first time they'd stopped here in this front hall, leaning against the wall, breathless, and how he'd never felt so alive before in his entire life.
in the Games, and you know that as well as I do.”
John stared out the window of the train, watching the scenery fly by him. Sherlock Holmes sat a few seats down the table, picking at his food with distaste. John had thought it was delicious, but somehow the effect was ruined by what waited at the other end of the rail line.
He threw the sponge down on the floor and ran his hands over the entire statue like he was molding clay. The strange color continued to appear, darkening when he would cross over the same space more than once. He tried to place a name to the color he was seeing and when it finally came to him, he jerked his hands away as if he could be poisoned by further exposure.
“Obviously.” They came to a stop in front of Baker Street, where their night had begun. “What? You thought that we'd have this one night and never speak to each other again? I don't find that very likely, do you?”
John turned around and looked at him, playing as he always did, with his back to John. “On the Street Where You Live” filled up every corner of the room. John walked into the living room, standing behind his chair with his hands resting on its back as Sherlock played the song.
“This is Heaven enough for me.”
John almost believed him.
"People don't have archenemies."
John laughed a little under his breath. “He's impossible.”
It was all fine, initially. They had gone to the Borghese and canvassed the place, Sherlock attempting to not become distracted by the works of art and failing. The day had been so calm, so easy and worry free that John had laughed at the very idea of
The voice said his name again, coming from in front of him. But he saw nothing.
“This is still London, of course. It isn't the
I shot her a withering glare. She arched an eyebrow at me. "What's the matter, Mr. Holmes? Feel exposed?"
,” she said, shaking her head in quiet awe. “I heard someone say that it dates to the 1640s, which in historical terms makes it feel like it was from the day before the disaster.”
“That means you're going back.”
“Whatever you say.” Sherlock caught the slight movement in his peripheral vision, Mike shaking his head. He only knew about ten percent of the people who came to the shop. Beyond basics, this person fell in with the other ninety.
The worst dreams weren't the ones of violence, though. At least he had seen enough violence that he knew what to expect from those. No, the worst ones were about skin on skin and hesitant fingers and brick-walled alleyways and shared breaths. Those were the ones that would wake him up and reduce him to a bitter, boiling rage and a sadness so heavy that it felt like an excavation in his chest.
“Your name was the only word I heard out of him before we intubated him. You're very lucky. Both of you.”
Sherlock shrugged. “Only one person can win anyway, so what does it matter? You said so yourself that we're statistically unlikely.”
“Sherlock's?”
"Merry Christmas, Sherlock."
“Let me guess. You want to stay here.”
“The way he acts, I figured he might be one of those people who could sort of detach enough to kill someone, if he had to. A bit like a machine.”
“The closest I've ever had to a friend, is, regrettably, here with me.”
“Drop it, Sherlock.” Sherlock gave him a dismissive wave of his hand, surrendering. “What have you been up to, then?”
“I'm busy, Mycroft. I thought the barricade at the door would have alerted you to this, along with the fact that I didn't answer any of your calls.”
The lights above him began to reverse. He had watched them grow and shrink for hours. And he refused to answer her questions. “What's the new show about?”
The evacuation had been pandemonium. Security workers escorting all those perfect champagne-and-diamonds benefactors out of the building, setting up police blockades for miles in every direction. They would never have known to evacuate had Sherlock not solved the riddle. John had chased after him, like always, and once the bomb was found, John dragged him outside himself. Sherlock had protested, wanting to help more, but John just yelled at him about him being a detective not a bomb defuser. They stood with the rest of the crowd outside, jumping at every sound, expecting the gallery to explode in flames in front of them at any second.
Lestrade finally saw how broken John looked. And as callous as he felt for thinking it, he was very glad he hadn't been outside Bart's to witness all that John had.
“Okay, John, what do you want? I thought you said I wouldn't see much of you for a while. Couldn't this have waited till morning?”
John could tell when he'd broken away from the mines. The booming continued behind him, but he had stumbled onto solid rock, and there was no hiding place for mines. He kept climbing, higher and higher up the slope of stone, ignoring the pain in his shoulder. When it leveled out, he stopped, walking across the rock for a few feet before sitting down, his back leaning against the face of the cliff that towered above him. He had found his way onto a small ledge overlooking the hollow. Far off, he could see the wisps of smoke begin to clear, the wind blowing them away. He heard a cannon. Someone had not been as lucky as him.
“Who is he, then?”
“Everyone needs a dressing gown, Dr. Watson.”
“Something else, too, maybe,” Sherlock said in response to the look on John's face. He instantly put on the blank mask of a soldier.
“I hate being out of London, I hate the prospect of dealing with this family bullshit, I hate not being able to get any sleep, I hate the quiet, I hate the dark, and I hate being far away from you.”
, respectively?” John turned and met his eyes. “Of course, that's the literal translation. Typically the phrases are used idiomatically, in which case the meaning shifts from 'struck by lightning' to 'love at first sight,' which is troubling in a way. I have yet to understand why anyone thought it would be a good comparison, love and potentially life-threatening nerve and organ damage.”
Unfeeling? No. Intimidating? Maybe. Pompous? Probably. Extraordinary? Absolutely.
“I've been talking to Mary the last few days,” he said, folding his hands as if in prayer. “And I realized I don't know what to tell her.”
When he woke up one morning, his eyes were edged in tears, and the only memories he had in those first moments upon waking were of stained glass and stars, and kisses ended too soon.
“At the bottom of a river, as I understand it.”
“You never struck me as an impressionism person, really. I thought you were more suited to Sargent, or someone like him. Artists who paint people instead of places. You always did care more about the people than anything else.”
“No, it's about bees.”
Sherlock looked up from the animal, his hand still running through its fur. “Of course. Why?”
"Sometimes, while riding to a crime scene, John had moments where he genuinely wondered if he was real or not. Sherlock would lean against the window, his face illuminated by the street lights like candlelight on marble, and it seemed impossible that such a person existed. Sure, he could be exasperating, could be callous and completely disdainful of social conventions. But he was incredible. Incredible and
Sherlock fell asleep with John running his hand through his hair. John lay there in silence for a while, just watching him.
Sherlock sat with his hands wrapped around his mug for a minute, a crooked smile on his face, and then he picked up his phone, typing out a text to his brother.
John resisted saying what he wanted to say until they were in the living room in Baker Street, Sherlock throwing random “necessary” things into an open suitcase.
“Well, it's seven in the morning.”
“How do we avoid each other? We live in the same flat.”
“Of course. But remember, Watson. I'm the villain in many people's stories. You're the hero. And heroes should never be alone at the end of the day.”
Sherlock smirked. “But so entertaining.” He backed his face away from the microscope, John laughing to himself.
"Are you all right?"
“From what I've learned, people tend to prefer perfectly nice to me.”
Even Sherlock, with his self-loathing and uncertainty, didn't seem the slightest bit unnerved or concerned. Unlike John, he had never even run through the possible outcomes in his mind, since he believed it all to be so unattainable.
The more Sherlock laid his hand on the scar, the more the color deepened. He had scrubbed his hands raw, but still, every time, his touch would darken the stone. Wondering if it was only that place, he grabbed the statue by the arm, and left behind another shift in color in the shape of his hand.
"I told you I was making an effort."
Sherlock finally spoke. “What did you do?” He stared John down, curious.
“No, it's not! It's
“Something awful
“No. I swear to god. I'm not joking, and I'm not hallucinating, although I wasn't sure myself at first.”
“What?”
“She doesn't sound like it, no.”
“Explain.”
flower with all these ones that can kill you.”
“You don't know a bloody goddamn thing about disarming bombs, Sherlock!”
I was not lucky that night. The drugs were tainted. I passed out, in the middle of December, in a dark back alley. As I went unconscious, I thought to myself,
Sherlock rolled his eyes as everyone began the countdown to the New Year. He reached out and held John by his arms, demanding his attention. “The point is that I am well aware that I am unpleasant, rude, ignorant, ridiculous, and obnoxious. And yet still I've somehow managed to become your friend. For years and years, it always came back to you. Always. I've been redeemed by your friendship so many times and in so many ways. And so I find myself in the strangest position I've ever been in. I love that you are entirely incapable of living a normal life. I love that you live on the same rushes of adrenaline that I do. I love that you always glance away laughing when someone says something that amuses you. I love that you protect and comfort those who cannot protect or comfort themselves. I love that you are constantly teaching me so many things that I never knew. I love that you trust me with your life when you don't even trust most people to tell you the time. And I love that at the end of the day, I always get to come home to you and that a place only feels like home if you inhabit it. You are the best man, the kindest and bravest man that I have ever known or ever will know, and whenever I imagine my future, you are always a part of it. None of this was ever supposed to happen to me. But I am so grateful that it did.”
His adrenaline was beginning to fade, though, and he was starting to feel weighted down, starting to truly feel the exhaustion and the screaming ache of his tense muscles. He had found water – there were streams enough for that – and knew he should find something to eat, but the very thought of food turned his stomach.
“Yes, the
“I'm sure,” John said, although in his heart there was only one person he really wanted to talk to. “Which one is your favorite?” he asked, nodding toward the shelves.
“I ask because publishing tends to be an echo chamber of familiar names.”
"Minimal, so say the doctors. Obviously, they haven't had many opportunities to examine your vision due to the cuts and burns. But they tell me the chance that your sight will be affected is slim."
okay!” Sherlock got to his feet and stood in front of him. “None of this is okay, Sherlock!”
“Well, technically this
Sherlock watched him, but said nothing while John watched the picture flash against the sky. John almost spoke, but he didn't. He just let Sherlock observe him in silence. It was just as well. Because whatever he would have said, Sherlock surely already knew, as he always seemed to know.
John stepped away. He sat down on the edge of the bed, leaning his arms on his knees. Sherlock went and sat beside him.
“It's a long story.”
“Precisely. And the higher-ups decided that you two, shall we say, worked well together.”
He had never been forced into a car, not like this. In the past, Mycroft's kidnappings had always had a certain amount of show to them, like a father who wrestled with a child and kept his grip deliberately lose so the child could break away if he wanted to. But this, this was force. As the door opened, it flashed a reflection of the obelisk before opening up the chasm of the car's interior.
"I told you not to worry," he said finally. "Can see fine, then?"
There was a gun on John, and Sherlock realized that what he was about to do, it had nothing to do with a job. It had to do with saving the only person who had ever saved him in return.
Sherlock watched him from behind his laptop across the room. He liked these calm evenings in Baker Street. True, it lacked the adrenaline and speed of the work, but now and again, he preferred this slice of domesticity.
inconvenience.” John saw the man's hand appear near his face and instinctively flinched. The man rolled his eyes. “Really, John, now is not the time.” John felt the hand on his forehead, and there was no denying that this wasn't a hallucination. He could feel the long fingers, the cool skin. “Now hold still. And don't make me tell you twice.”
“So who was that?”
“Who would I tell? And my god, Watson! I can't believe you were caught up in all that! I didn't see your name in any of the papers?”
It was two days before he was able to sleep, and at that point, it was less a matter of falling asleep and more of a matter of collapsing from exhaustion. He expected more nightmares than he had, finally deciding that Afghanistan had raised the threshold for what his subconscious considered frightening.
“The Holmes boys aren't known for their hospitality.”
John smiled. “Everyone's happy we came, though.”
Sherlock's eyes were a little glassy. He'd drunk too much too quickly, and John wondered if he'd ever really drunk at all. “This and that. Mostly it was a good way to put my skills to use without getting in trouble for doing so. It's easy to be angry with a bratty child, but much less so when the child exposes theft or infidelity or even murder.”
“Sure that's one way to put it.”
He knocked bullets from the air, and physically dragged his men as far from the incoming bomb as he could manage. It was long and tiring work, and every second, he worried that the stillness would break and the world would shatter around him. But it didn't.
"Still a statement of fact."
“Yes. Needless to say, don't attempt to eat the fruit.”
from the stack. The about the author section on the inside flap of the dust jacket contained a very simple photo of the man, and the text below it was notably brief: “John Watson was born and raised in Somerset. He served as a doctor in the military in Afghanistan. He currently lives in London.”
“Two women?”
“I wasn't prepared to compromise what I already had.”
There was a rustling in some of the bushes nearby. John tensed up and raised his gun, but Molly only glanced over her shoulder, looking totally unfazed. Seconds later, a bird shot out from the branches, flying past them. When Molly looked at John, she laughed.
"Sherlock."
“Correct, very good, John. They are toxic, and can cause quite a case of dermatitis, even in normal gardens. ”
He began cleaning off some of the blood, working his way down my face and neck. He stopped, looking through the tear in my shirt, and saw the gash across the right side of my chest.
John looked at him expectantly, and when Sherlock held out the canister to show him, John immediately took it from his hands and sat Sherlock down, kneeling in front of him to apply the medication, welcoming the distraction.
The page before him held a man, the kind of man who would appear simple and unobtrusive, someone whose face you could easily forget. Sherlock drew him in clothes that matched, old jeans and a jumper, something soft and comforting. His expression was admiring, but cautious. Sherlock had decided he wouldn't be another creative type. The more artists and musicians and writers you got in the same room, the quicker the situation would deteriorate into competition and displays of creative prowess. No, he would be a more scientific mind. That would allow him to be objectively critical, but still able to appreciate aesthetics. The way Sherlock had drawn him, he became the kind of man who had a lifetime's worth of stories behind his eyes, none of which he was inclined to share.
One Saturday afternoon, the two of them went walking beyond the reaches of the Holmes estate. Sherlock told John explicitly where the flora ceased to be poisonous. It was one of those days that, despite being in the middle of summer, almost spoke of fall, where against all logic, you almost believed the leaves would begin to drop off the trees and the air take on that musty quality that autumn always brings.
Sherlock felt the blow land on his face before he even saw John's hand move. His own hand flew to his cheek. There would be a bruise there tomorrow.
Sherlock didn't even notice Irene was in his house until she turned on all the lights. He squinted, glaring at her as she stood by a lamp, rolling her eyes at him.
“I don't care. Eat.”
He fired, startling the tributes and hitting the mine. But the shot hadn't set the mine off. The tributes looked around, confused, even scared for a moment, not knowing where the shot had come from. But then one of them turned and looked up, meeting his eyes. John froze, the man opening his mouth to speak, but jerking his head around when he heard the hissing noise.
Holding out the book to John without even checking the table of contents, he said, “The fifth one, page fifteen.”
“It was.”
“I have no illusions that I'm victor material. But I'm not going to do anymore damage than I have to. I've just been hiding. It's my only chance, hiding and hoping everyone else gets killed first. No offense.”
a wonder that he wasn't a poet. He had been one, once. And the worst of it was that that was still the primary facet of his identity. If anyone asked what he did, he always wanted to answer automatically with, “I'm a writer.” But was he, really, if he produced so little over such a long period of time? That thought had haunted him for months now, creeping into the back of his mind when his guard was down. At what point did one cease to be something they have always been? And how did one ever get back to that person again? In the interim, he felt like he hardly existed. He imagined it was how soldiers felt when they came home. To them, they were always soldiers. Now they were civilians. And what the hell were they supposed to do with such a change?
John just shook his head.
Lestrade pulled a stool across the floor, the sound grating on Sherlock's nerves. He sat down a couple of feet away from him. “Yeah, but it's different. We don't have the same relationship. He doesn't tell me things he'll tell you.”
He forced himself out of his own room into the hall. Mary stood just inside, the door shut behind her. She looked around the house, seemingly indifferent to the opulence. When her eyes finally landed on him, he saw the tightness in her jaw.
“It's a shame.”
“This time.”
When I woke the second time, I was in a hospital. They said I had pneumonia from being outside in the cold for so long in one position. They said the drug use had not done any good for my immune system. It had apparently been nearly forty-eight hours before they found me. Victor had called Mycroft to tell him what had happened. And then Mycroft sent out his armies searching for me. Initially they had believed I had overdosed. They were not far wrong.
of the book fucked me up.
Mike just smiled.
KR: Science, perhaps.
"Give me one good reason why I shouldn't."
that had stuck with him for days. Kristin, the girl on the cover, the closest the book had to a protagonist, spent her entire life locked in a single room, with virtually no contact with people at all. She would get food quite literally shoved down her throat now and then. She remained tied down to a chair most of the time. Her abusive father never spoke to her, never held her, never treated her like a human being. The result was a child who grew up without language. The child had no sense of words, not able to speak or read or write, not able to do anything except
When Sherlock had been dead, as with the aftermath of Afghanistan and the Hickman, John had gotten used to the very familiar numbing pain. It was the kind of pain that assaulted you so constantly that eventually it felt normal, an emptiness, a hollowing, usually coupled with the sort of sedation that comes with barely being able to force yourself out of bed in the morning. John was in pain even now, but it was no longer the anesthetizing stillness. This instead was a hot pain, a direct cut, a bleeding wound, sharp and jarring. But it was far better than all those years of anesthesia. It was something new and agonizing in its own way, but it was a pain he was more than willing to live with for the rest of his life. It was the difference between being buried in the ground, trapped in cold solitude, or being set on fire and lighting the world.
“And you would be the authority of course. You've been out of your own home only a handful of times, and you've only left the Village once.”
“Sherlock.”
“He's going to be in ICU for a bit for monitoring. But it looks like he'll pull through.”
SH: A poem's job isn't to tell a story. It's to elicit an emotional reaction. If you want to tell stories, be a novelist. If you want people to think your work
“You don't have to. It's not a secret, John. You were never good at keeping secrets, it's just not in your nature. You wear everything you're thinking on your face. I knew the why as soon as I walked into Baker Street the other day.”
.” Sherlock pushed himself away from the wall, taking one or two steps and grabbing the edge of the bannister. He sat down on the stairs, leaning against the railing beside him, eyes closed.
Baker Street was filled with crumpled paper. All of the discarded pieces held a variation of the same image. High quality sketch paper, and scrap typing paper, it didn't matter. For days, all Sherlock could do was fill them with The Man, his nonexistent audience. He used every medium: oil paints, watercolors, pastels, chalks, charcoals, India ink, marker, and even plain mechanical pencil. Whatever he could find, he used it to create, and then destroy, a rendering of the blond man with the wounded eyes.
The DI walked in and shut the door behind him, some evidence bags and binders balanced in his arms. He didn't bother with a greeting. Both men were past that now.
He opened his mouth to talk, but no words came out. When the nurse looked up from her clipboard, eyes scanning over his bloodstained clothes, she met his eyes and at last just nodded before walking off.
. He thought this every time without fail, even though John's rate of proving him wrong had held steady at one hundred percent. Things never ended in awkward, uncomfortable silence; they always ended with embraces, with a kiss, with a promise of more small hours to come. Why he thought things would go a different way next time, he didn't know, but he was always still filled with terror until John confirmed, through words or actions, that it wasn't all a joke.
Neither of them had spoken much, just a word here or there. They had talked so much throughout the night, that now they could afford the silence. A kiss would substitute a sentence, a hand on a cheek a paragraph. They were worthy substitutes.
anything from you; I came into this with no expectations. At the end of the day, it doesn't matter, because you're still here. That's all that counts.”
“He's not. He wouldn't even care if you sat in silence for the whole ride. But he's a good guy.”
What was this, to an outside observer?
"I was at the cemetery this evening."
KR: Will you at least shed some light on what you'll be working on next, now that
For a split second, John's face changed, and Sherlock worried that the light had played tricks on his eyes, that the man was still just as irritated with him as he had been the night they met. But he recognized the gesture, the hand rubbing the back of his neck, the quick glance down at the pavement, that almost guilty expression that Sherlock was sure he had on his own face as well. He could feel the book in his pocket, almost on fire. Could John read his face, too, despite his efforts to appear neutral?
you. And you know what? In the end it was easy. It was easy.” He ran the edge of the blade along John's throat, threatening but never breaking the skin. Sherlock could see the faintest evidence of John shuddering as Moriarty held the tip of the knife over the pulse point on his neck. “Do you know what happens next?”
Mrs. Hudson nodded, a grin on her face, before she left the room. He watched her leave, and could have sworn he heard her stifling laughter.
(See the end of the chapter for
He wasn't sure when the ambulance came, just that suddenly there were more people in his living room, people making him let go of Sherlock so they could put him on a stretcher. There was shouting everywhere, most of which he couldn't even hear aside from the sensation of being surrounded by a dull roar. There was too much blood, far too much. Mary was still unconscious, and John hoped to god they didn't look too closely and see her. If they did he was liable to tell them she was already dead and they should focus all their efforts on the man they had come to save. Thankfully, the police arrived soon after the ambulance, and as the cops knelt beside Mary, they coaxed her back to consciousness and bound her wrists in handcuffs. John couldn't help but be frustrated that she had survived, and the only thing that kept him from going at her again was a hand landing on his shoulder. He turned around too quickly, and the room spun for a moment, but when his vision cleared it was Lestrade standing in front of him, talking, something about coming as soon as he heard about the call.
John had turned back, facing the forest they'd just escaped from, and he had his gun out, glaring, his shoulders tight.
“Then by your own definition, you were never in a relationship with Mary.” John paused, struck by the remark. “And by your own definition, many of the people who are getting married and having children or whatever it is people do aren't in relationships either. They're merely following a script. Better to be unconventional than hollow. Stop worrying about it.” Sherlock looked back down at his slides.
"Work?"
“Are you sure?”
Sherlock's head shot up, looking after John indignantly. "I would do no such thing."
“Perhaps. I would be more inclined to say that poets understand the stars far more than artists. Artists are only recording what they see, but poets are recording the
"Well...it's just, I guess I don't understand why you're here, then. You usually don't do anything unless you have to. Isn't this irrational to you?"
“Yeah, but that's not what I mean, James. You're not alone at the end of the day anymore either.”
John grinned. "Yes, there is."
“Mycroft's already had a cleaning service take care of upstairs,” she said as she sat the plates down on the table, taking her usual seat across from him. “He even replaced the carpets.”
Back in their room, they left the balcony doors open, and even though the heat crept in steadily during the night, it felt wonderful. Not stifling, not uncomfortable, but heavy and sleepy and wonderful. There was nothing better than standing close to someone on one of these balconies, close enough to touch, always reminded of the fact that tonight you are safe and happy. Fuck the Vermeer, fuck Afghanistan, fuck the Hickman, and fuck all the awful things that had dared to taint Rome. Now it was all as it should be.
"I survived war, he would tell himself, I can survive this. But so many nights he wasn't so sure, and he grew to wonder how he survived the war at all."
“Apparently I had a pirate fixation as a child.”
Sherlock began to smile before he could stop himself. “My name is Sherlock Holmes. Address of 221B Baker Street.”
John had always believed his small comfort to be inadequate, to be palliative care instead of anything substantial or useful. He added this new information to the list of absurdities that his life had become in recent weeks.
“On the contrary, in a world full of opportunistic, fickle, and unpleasant organisms, dogs are perhaps the only creatures left on this earth that I have total faith in.”
“Of course.”
"What?"
“More or less,” John said quietly. He could feel Lestrade's eyes on him.
“There's work beyond the general population. There's a difference between a job and work. You're correct, I don't
After the signing at the bookstore, John had bought his own copy of the book of Neruda, flipping through it nearly every night. He hadn't said as much to Sherlock, didn't want to show his hand so blatantly, as he was sure Sherlock would interpret his new attachment to the book to their relationship rather than a sudden interest in poetry. He would be right. But it was true that the more of it John read, the more he liked it, and the more he felt he understood the brash and incredible man who had wandered so easily into his life.
"Even Sherlock Holmes was not impervious to everything, no matter how hard he tried to be."
“You really are a bit clueless, aren't you?”
“It's nothing. Mary was here today.”
But Sherlock saw through these carefully carried out actions as he saw through everything and everyone. He laid his hand on John's shoulder, drawing his eyes up from the ground.
“I get the impression that my kind of novels aren't really what he likes.”
John cut him off, doing what he wished he'd done that morning, kissing him and forgetting everything else.
Within ten seconds, a voice said, “John Watson.”
We were sitting in a dark and crowded pub, and I felt jittery. I had spent most of the day strung out, and was beginning to crave my next fix. Victor, bless him, had been mostly oblivious. He was never the most perceptive man. He continued telling his stories, bright-eyed and grinning like a fool.
And as soon as he thought it, he answered himself:
“No.”
Why now, of all times? Such inconvenience. Why did human beings have to be so messy? Why couldn't they all be as carefully planned and timed as the arenas and the parades?
“That you saved his life?”
John lay back beside him on his side with his back to the wall. After a while, Sherlock turned to his side as well.
“At some point I'll have to let you talk to our poet-in-residence. He's out now, often is, but I'm sure you two would enjoy chatting a bit.”
"Army pensions are deplorable, and London is exorbitantly expensive."
“Most don't.”
"Excuse me?"
“Really. You're the only person I've ever encountered who was worth paying any attention to.”
"No," he said, stopping me, "No, I'm not asking – no." He shook his head slightly and looked straight at me. "I'm just saying, it's
anywhere. It was more of a stride. John watched his performance. He could easily tell how fake it was, but if the shouts were any indication, the audience couldn't. But Sherlock was clearly wearing his public face, and it was so different from the one John had grown used to.
“Best not to think too hard on it.”
He sat cross-legged on his ledge, looking out over the hollow, hearing the voices of the tributes below him. There had to be a way out that wouldn't give his position away.
Clara materialized immediately, welcoming him, all curly hair and bright eyes and a light perfume that John remembered Harry had always adored. Such an angel, and his father loathed her. Another reason for him to disapprove of Harry.
about them.
A few hours later, John had finally ushered all of the police officers out of his flat. Sherlock had effortlessly tied up so many lose ends for them, and likely would have continued to do so had John not made excuses.
“True. So what are you planning on doing then? You're stuck in 2014 for a week, yeah?”
“Hello is boring.” Sherlock finally looked at him, smiling broadly.
, seeing the ghosts of his own past. The hand of the silhouette was still on the doorknob, and the body language was that of someone ready to flee at a moment's notice.
When he came up to Sherlock, reaching out for his hand, Sherlock didn't flinch and seemed mildly impressed by John's very simple idea. He watched in silence as John bandaged his hand, the latex gloves harsh against his skin, but so much better than no touch at all.
Without looking up from his ledger, said, “I must tell you, Dr. Watson, I'm proud to say that you're the
“I have been reliably informed that I don't have one.”
Instead, all he said was, “Good. Thank you.”
Sherlock expected John to look away, to roll his eyes and go on with his night, but he didn't. It felt like forever before he let his eyes be drawn back to the storm outside their window, but Sherlock was flooded with relief when he wasn't under that gaze anymore. Part of him hoped that John would get up and leave entirely, but he didn't.
“I never asked for this. None of us did. I just want to go home and pretend this never happened. I want to go home, take care of my sister, and quietly live my life. The district is miserable some days, but it's better than this. And you're right, we'll both probably end up dead. And I'm glad Mary will look after Harry when the time comes, but she shouldn't have to. It shouldn't be like this.”
“I've known you for ages now. I know sometimes the job gets exhausting. But you survived the military. You can survive a book tour. But I promise I'll cut what I can. And you know what? They're going to love
And the kiss. That would have had to have been addressed too.
“Irrelevant. Uninteresting.”
Sherlock turned this over in his mind for a minute or two.
Sherlock opened the cab door, waiting for John to get in. He stood there in silence until John complied.
"Sherlock, John almost got killed. Why do you think I'm here? Why didn't you tell me?"
, he might believe you."
“It nearly was. You flatlined in the OR. You were technically dead there for a minute.” Sherlock accepted this news with very little reaction, just a small nod.
, and, well, look how that had gone.
She shook her head sadly in tired disbelief. “Who would do such a thing? Bomb an art museum. Just terrible. It's a miracle any people survived at all.”
“That would be great, thanks.”
“Then how do you ever find someone who won't walk out on you or have the same argument about it all a hundred times?”
no work. And from the looks of things, there wouldn't be any for a very long time.
He pulled his suitcase out behind him. Sherlock had already gotten out of the car from the other side and was standing a few feet away on the pavement, hands in his pockets and staring down the street. At the edge of the alley between the hotel and the next building was a stray dog, an Irish setter that had seen better days. Sherlock wouldn't take his eyes off it, caught in a trance, and it took John prompting him to draw him back to the present. He seemed to emerge from a fog, taking a few steps closer to John, his eyes still following the dog until it vanished from view down the alley. Only then did he take his suitcase from John's hand.
“How are things, Watson?”
“I'm a Career tribute, Sherlock. I could kill you both before either of you reached me. And you know it. My aim is better than yours.” He looked down the line of his arrow. “Come here, Johnny boy.” John frowned, confused. Jim spoke in singsong. “Don't test my
"Doesn't that make the nurses a tad disturbed?"
“Yes. Relationships come with certain emotional demands. Far too much trouble. People place such a high premium on sex and relationships, it's rather annoying. All it does is interfere with prime mental functioning.”
John stood from his chair, his back stiff from lack of movement. He leaned on the edge of the stone, looking out at the Parthenon, the shadows slipping between its white columns. “Should probably try to get
John scoffed, moved to leave, but Sherlock stood his ground and wouldn't let him pass. “What is all that? Some sort of Sherlock-speak for 'I love you?' ”
John walked past the ruins of the Hickman like a superstitious child walking past a cemetery. Except it wasn't quite ruins anymore. It had been for ages, and John had glanced at the pictures of the wreckage in the papers. But they had begun rebuilding, trying to put the little gallery back together again, scaffolding climbing the walls and tarps flapping in the wind. He wasn't sure when they were planning on opening it again – surely months down the line – but John couldn't help but think that rebuilding at all implied a foolish sort of optimism that believed that the worst was over for the gallery, that the presumed destroyed Vermeer wouldn't come back to haunt them somehow in years to come. Given how things had gone for them, John couldn't make himself buy into the idea that something like it wouldn't happen again. Even with Moriarty dead, it still felt like every museum and gallery in the city was one step away from being threatened with terrorist demolition.
The sound of tires on gravel grew fainter behind him as the cab drove away. Sherlock had come up on a pair of officers whose backs were to John. He spoke with them, his lips moving rapidly and his face wearing the expression it always did when he felt intellectually superior, a sort of condescending tilt of the head that most people found insufferable. It only made John smile.
The shadow chased them.
Sherlock waved a hand to the coffee table before ripping the last of the clay to pieces, dropping it in front of him as if he had no energy left to properly ruin it. “Rough concept art for the painting over there.”
nestled in the crook of his arm.
“You'll see.”
“There's a man watching us.” She nodded to the other side of the terminal. John followed her gaze and caught a glimpse of a tall man with dark hair watching them with scrutiny. The man stared at them for a few seconds more before turning and walking away, a long coat sweeping out behind him. “I wonder what was up with that.”
“I don't want to kill. I
John was visiting with his sister when I decided to go after the culprit myself. I left him a note saying I would be back later, but did not tell him where I was going, or what I planned to do.
“How many months did it last?”
Sherlock sighed and set his things down on the table and walked up to the rose, looking down at it in disappointment. “I've been attempting to cultivate a blue rose, which doesn't exist naturally. So I've been trying to breed one. Lavender roses are as close as you can get, so I've used a great many of them. This one is a hybrid, the result of Blue Curiosa roses and various tea roses over many years and generations.” John thought the flower was perfect order in perfect chaos, simply extraordinary given the insanity that rampaged through the rest of the estate. But Sherlock looked irritated. “It's a failure because it is
The music stopped, rather abruptly. "Use your brain, John. As always, you see but you do not observe." Sherlock realized instantly what he had said, and shut his eyes briefly, mad at himself.
“I wasn't going to send you in to die, Harry.” She pulled back and stared up at him.
“I don't think that's quite how Mrs. Hudson would put it.”
Now and then John would glance over at Sherlock and for a second would feel like he was in a dream state while looking out at the city and was only grounded again when he saw him. He wasn't a ghost, a bad memory, a nightmarish flashback. He was sitting right beside him, leaning back in his chair staring up at the sky, languid, that dreamy state Sherlock entered sometimes when he was lost in thought or when his brain slowed down enough for him to think of blissful nothing for a few moments.
“Explain.”
One morning at the breakfast table, it was particularly nagging. John didn't notice Sherlock watching him. He was too engrossed in the morning paper to look up. But Sherlock had been stealing glances at him for a while, glances which turned progressively longer until they became a continuous stare.
“They were probably right. But that seemed to work for us.”
“Our relationship is not
Finally, it started once more, and he pushed his questions out of his mind to save for later as he began to move the injured men, who were more than shocked at the speed with which the army doctor had stitched their wounds. They attributed the seeming speed to warped perception created by their own exhaustion, and John was grateful.
“How, indeed?”
“Stradivarius,” he said.
“Sherlock, of course. I'm afraid he's always like that.”
It was late, so late, and he hated that there was no way to freeze time.
John met his eyes for a moment, and then easily unlocked the door. Behind him, Sherlock murmured, “Locked room mystery.”
It was freezing outside, but that didn't keep the streets from being filled with people, most of them in fancy clothes, laughing and glittering like stars. Every block seemed to yield more of these people. They were all so goddamn happy. Sherlock became quickly aware that he was the only person walking around alone, and he despised their companionship.
He shook his head. "Nothing. Come on. You look like a mess." He gently took me by the arm and walked me to the toilet, sitting me down on the edge of the tub and rummaging around for the first aid kit. Holding it out like a display, he said, "You know, I never had cause to keep one of these around till you came along." He set it to the side and looked down at me. "Coat off. I can't work around it."
The man paused for only a moment. "Afghanistan."
He leaned against a wall, focusing on his breathing, watching Sherlock walk out on stage. Although “walk” wasn't quite the right word. Sherlock didn't really
“No, no, I know why
“That's the only part that matters, anyway.”
"I'm solving cold cases. Had to find something to fill the time, didn't I? None of them are very difficult. I've already tied up three so far."
“Go! Go now! The hound is coming! Get out!” He sank to his knees, repeating again and again, “
The unfortunate reality, which was beginning to sink into his stomach the more he thought about it, was that the only way to both keep the painting safe and to keep himself from potential prison sentences was to keep it. In that moment, he despised the Vermeer. He even went so far as to despise the war that had made him such a mess that he had effectively been led to the Vermeer. So many terrible little pieces of fate had aligned for him to be stuck here with the painting. Sherlock would say that the circumstances had given him a psychological dependence on the piece of art, which may have been true.
“Who?” John asked.
Sherlock knew that if anyone was listening in that they would call him a heretic. But he wasn't an angel anymore, not really. Maybe in the world of technicalities he was, but John Watson had made him human. And he was beginning to think that was the better option, even with all the irrationality and pesky emotions. This was no longer a matter of protecting his charge, of doing his job.
we'll talk about how quickly someone should move on.”
Anthea. These Capitol types always had such ridiculous names. Sherlock could see the Mycroft influence. They were probably old friends. The woman ran her eyes over him. “I've been talking with John's stylist, and we have a nice angle to work for you two for the Tribute's Parade. But outside of that, you will be delightfully easy to dress. I know
It was Sherlock's bedroom, simply because it was the closest. Somewhere along the line, thought was suspended entirely, beaten out by a state where words were superfluous, where all that mattered was feeling and touch, like blind men learning braille for the first time. Every indentation of the skin, every hollow beneath a collarbone, every line etched on the canvas from scars and missteps, all of it was a book that neither of them had had the courage to read until now. And every last inch of skin told a story about them, the only story that had ever mattered. John thought he could be lost for years in the pages of Sherlock's heart and never miss the rest of the world for a second. There could be nothing more like heaven than Sherlock responding to every touch, being just as lost and undone as John, being so desperate and hesitant and always eradicating any space between them.
you like those movies, John?"
“Visiting a friend?”
“Absolutely. A writer such as yourself knows how to treat a book. I trust you've found it good reading?”
The first time Sherlock Holmes stopped the world, he was seventeen. He would never forget the shock he felt upon seeing his parents and his brother frozen in place in the parlor of their estate. Of course, he believed it to be a fluke, not something
“Don't worry about it.” He waved it off, sitting on the sofa. “Tell me about the gallery getting threatened.”
It was fairly late by the time he knocked on the door, and there was a long pause before he heard the locks turning on the other side. He would have checked to see who it was before opening the door, as any sensible person would when someone turns up on their doorstep at night, but he still looked surprised to see John standing there.
“John, as far as I can tell, there's nothing wrong with him.”
“And all while managing to be mostly inoffensive to everyone. I'm proud.” He said it jokingly, although Sherlock believed there was an element of truth to it.
The phone's screen read:
"A minor irritation."
. I'll show the most popular poem, and then leave you to it.”
Sherlock's house was dark save for one beam of yellow light coming from the living room. The only sound was a clock ticking and John's own steps.
John wasn't sure
“Obviously. But last time I checked, you didn't have a lot of names in your address book, and I can't recall you ever mentioning anyone named Victor.” The two of them began to walk through a different section of the store, full of equally baffling and seemingly useless household objects.
"I don't know."
“I know what you mean. And you're right.”
John could feel Sherlock's eyes on him, staring him down, but not in a cruel or patronizing way. Finally he cleared his throat and said, “If you need anything, let me know. You remember what I told you about the phone?”
Sherlock scowled, pure frustration, and without a word set off across the property, heading for the woods they had walked in so many times before. John followed, didn't know what else to do.
“You can be a real bastard, you know.”
“I can't imagine what you would want to know.”
“Does all of this really bother you? What they say? How I maintain my interactions with others? I don't understand. Why would it bother
“So I've been told.”
“No sense in wasting valuable time explaining poetry to someone who clearly doesn't read it.”
Once they were gone, John went out to get takeaway for dinner, and when he came back, Sherlock was intently watching television, looking a bit more tired than he had been.
“Wedding. First dance.”
It had felt like ages since he'd looked at the painting. It had become harder for the Vermeer to haunt him in the wake of Sherlock's return, now that Moriarty was dead as well. But Sherlock's words
“Anyway, they were definitely dead. One of them had a spear sticking out of him. And they were on the sky last night, when they showed the people who had died.”
When Sherlock pulled back, he searched John's face for his reaction, and whatever he saw must have been what he was looking for, because as he ran his fingers along John's jaw he said in a quiet voice:
“Actually, this is sort of a second job. I work with this...detective of sorts, usually.”
“Don't you always!”
John sat in the cafe with Mycroft, eyeing the evidence bag on the table between them. He had always been suspicious of Sherlock's older brother, and this was not improving his opinion of the man.
is going to do this again,
“So I've been told.”
All he said in return was, “Of course.” There was no sense in him shooting the whole thing dead this early in the distancing stage. Even if this was the first of many harbingers, there was still some joy left to be had here, for however long the world allowed him to have it. That should have still brought him a certain amount of sadness. But any days he had left with John Watson were worth it.
wouldn't,” Moriarty said with a grin. “End of the line, you two.”
“You've been here at the hospital as long as I have, haven't you?”
Sitting in the extra chair – a terrible leather thing that John never used – was a man. He was perhaps a few years younger than John with dark hair and bright eyes. He sat with his knees pulled up to his chest and was dressed in formal, outdated clothes. He looked on edge.
sat on his coffee table in Baker Street, ready and waiting, and his hands were already typing out the name “John Watson” on his computer.
“You're that army doctor, aren't you? I heard someone mention you in the break room this morning.”
was first released, and he still made a point of actively avoiding all conferences or conventions, anywhere that people who know his work might gather. They always wanted to know what the poems
“Why are they all fawning over him though? It's not like he's a Pulitzer winner.” Mike said nothing. Anytime the answer to a question should have been common knowledge, he wouldn't answer.
“Tell you what?”
John stood in silent shock for what felt like forever before slowly walking up to Sherlock, not quite believing he was real until he could lay a hand on him. “What are you doing here?”
John was sitting reading the paper when I stumbled in, and upon seeing me, his eyes widened in that sudden protective instinct he always assumed when I was injured. He crossed the room in a flash, arm instantly around me, supporting me and guiding me to the sofa.
Sherlock opened the door very slowly. When he looked inside, John was already sitting up in bed and Sherlock knew he was reaching for his hidden firearm. But the man's hand had paused halfway to its hiding place.
Anything but the game would just put them at a dangerous disadvantage.
The hours stretched on, mostly passed in silence, periodically punctuated by more protests from Sherlock, and more stubbornness from John. Before they realized, it had gotten very late, all traces of light outside the windows turned to black.
“Greg. He said neither of you were answering. He has a case for you.”
The next night, when John woke up, Sherlock was still in his place in the corner. John heard the occasional pizzicato note twang through the room.
Sherlock stared back at the tabletop. “What am I going to do if there are delayed effects?” He spoke more to himself than to John.
. Even Sherlock himself, who always had about him a Gothic sort of feeling, appeared as vibrant and timeless as the Monet.
“John, I believe you are one of the few who was unaware that we were involved with this case,” he said, handing John one of the folders, “given how many unsavory characters have moved in around you two lately. Opportunists, assassins, very questionable individuals.”
Sherlock froze. Suddenly John's hand felt like it could burn through his shoulder. John turned to look at him and saw the attempt at an indifferent stare and gave him a warm smile. Finally, Sherlock glanced back, and John kissed him and said, "Don't worry. I thought it was adorable." He picked up his own mug of tea and went off to read the paper.
Mycroft came to my room one day. "Victor came to see you, although I don't suppose you remember it."
John had never really given a damn about art, before Afghanistan. It had always seemed like something that only certain people were allowed to appreciate, people who had studied for years and been trained to pick it apart and understand it. But he had begun to find comfort in it himself, even if he knew next to nothing about brushstrokes and art styles, oil paint versus acrylic, traditional or mixed media. It wasn't that he had suddenly developed a great appreciation for the classics, the art school standbys like Michelangelo or Picasso. Instead, what it boiled down to, the real reason behind his fixation was much simpler: quiet.
"Does that matter?"
“Yes. Don't you remember?”
“Why did you think I suggested it in the first place?”
“Sherlock would say that all the evidence confirms my theory. He values evidence very highly.”
in secret, between the shadow and the soul.
Sherlock finally noticed John watching him and, without taking his eyes off the stars, said, “Beautiful, isn't it?”
“Your
Sherlock glanced over at him with a look that bordered on condescending. “You don't believe me?”
Then there were the children at primary school with me. Children are all about grand gestures. Every day there was a new declaration of love, and every day a new heartbreak. Every Valentine's Day, I would watch children feel miserable at having been denied another child's affections. I myself had been one of those children before. I refused to participate in what I believed to be a holiday that said the only expressions of love were glaring and obvious and trite.
Sherlock smiled, threading their fingers together.
"Has this been officially entered into evidence yet?"
He had been unable to make himself move from the sofa, the remote still sitting on it next to him. Every tiny sound was amplified, every minor irritation a thousand times more glaring.
“Because you look like you walked out of an episode of
John almost bent down to close her eyes, but he didn't. He wanted them to have to face her. He wanted her eyes to be burned on their brains forever.
“Can I tell you something? It's a tad macabre, but I feel it needs to be said.”
John thought about that night as he waited for Sherlock to return home, and how much it clashed with the woman he had seen today. Was he remembering her as kinder than she really had been? Had her words always been twisted with a cruel tone of voice and he'd just blocked it out? If not, then who was the woman he'd spoken to that night, and who was the one he always seemed to speak to in Baker Street? Mary in Baker Street never held off on a good jab. He couldn't decide which version of her was the true one, and he hated that he'd spent so much time with her and still wasn't able to tell.
“Until one of us is forced to kill the other.”
.” Sherlock hung his head, and for once, he actually looked
John's mouth fell open in disbelief. Seriously? The majority of their time here, Sherlock had been standoffish and acerbic. And while he had warmed up a little, he certainly wasn't expecting the word “friend” to ever come out of Sherlock Holmes' mouth.
It was the one topic they would actively avoid bringing up in conversation.
“Because it's one of the most important cases in recent history, and yet they gave it to you all. They really should just hand it over to the higher-ups. It would save you the trouble and likely get it solved quicker.” John heard Lestrade sigh in frustration, a reaction he believed Lestrade was well used to having to Sherlock's remarks. And while his comment was rather harsh, it successfully stopped any unfortunate line of inquiry that could have arisen.
“Sherlock Holmes. Sherlock, this is Mrs. Hudson.”
What was even more impressive was how Sherlock reached these results. His deductive process was astounding, the way he reasoned through things was just extraordinary.
“Promise me you'll look after Harry while I'm gone. If anything happens to me and I don't come back, please take care of her.”
“They're maybe ten years old, Sherlock. They're just kids.”
“You can't know that.”
Sherlock smiled, softer than his usual amused grin that he would give John whenever he was pleased with one of John's sharp remarks.
John reached out his free hand, intending originally to place it on Sherlock's shoulder in an attempt at a comforting gesture. But at the last second, on impulse, he instead let his hand rest cradling Sherlock's head, carding his fingers through his hair. It was pointless to say anything. They had never been good at speeches. But it didn't matter now with Sherlock forcing his breathing to return to normal, with his hand still clutching John's arm, with all the things they couldn't stay hovering between them.
Sherlock shook his head and bent down to lift the pot, carefully touching only the outside of it. He set it down on the table as he reached into his pocket and pulled out his gloves.
"No, Greg, I didn't. I've doubted everyone else during this, but I
John sat with his friends at a table in the Criterion. It was an expensive place, far out of John's budget, but he had been unable to find a way around seeing them. It wasn't that he didn't like them, but ever since returning from Afghanistan, everything they said seemed rather meaningless. The whole world to discuss, and all they could talk about was football matches. John couldn't keep from fidgeting, with silverware, napkins, glasses, anything he could get his hands on. His leg was sore, he was socially exhausted, and he just wanted the night to be over.
, Sarah?” a voice asked. John glanced to the side, seeing a baffled looking man standing next to a pretty woman, her brown hair pulled up into a ponytail. John had seen the look on the man's face before, someone who didn't understand the appeal of art, and likely never would. But he couldn't crush the woman's enthusiasm. She smiled more fondly at the painting than she probably ever did at the man.
Things settled into something like stability over the following days. Mary made frequent appearances, much to John's chagrin, and she always made such a clear effort to be pleasant that it sometimes made John want to shout at her to make her leave. But he still didn't know what to say, and wasn't entirely sure that telling her the truth would keep her from coming round to see them, anyway.
"Greg, look, do you mind if I leave? I'll come back, but I just don't know if can talk about this anymore right now."
John laughed. “Well, hopefully it won't come back to haunt me.”
I mumbled back against him, "I may have miscalculated."
“I don't know why I'm surprised. You of all people would have a collection of carnivorous plants.” John shoved his hands into his pockets. Sometimes it was the only way to remind himself not to touch any of the plants. “What are the others?”
John had expected panic, fear, some sort of adrenaline rush, but as the platform lifted him into the arena, he felt a sort of horrible calm wash over him. It made him wonder about himself, albeit briefly. What could you say about someone who was calmer when faced with death than when faced with an ordinary life?
JW: I suppose it's an idea that keeps me up at night.
John saw Lestrade glance at him in his peripheral vision, genuine concern across his face, and maybe even a dash of fear, too.
John laughed a little under his breath, still watching Sherlock, who continued to stare out in front of him.
“Of course not. He deduced it. Always was a bit better at deductions than me.” He said this with far more irritation and bitterness than he had given his previous remarks. “He was feeling vindictive one day. We were still young, and I had been grating on his nerves all week. Although announcing it at dinner was rather juvenile of him. Blessedly, our parents were unfazed, unlike yours. I can't help but take some pleasure in the fact that Mycroft didn't get the reaction he was expecting. I think he was at least hoping to embarrass me for a few minutes. Instead it was actually a relatively nice dinner. Surprisingly little bickering.”
“It's great to meet you.” John held out a hand, and the man stared at it for quite a while as if it was a foreign gesture. Finally, he tugged the gloves on, and only then did he shake John's hand. John thought it odd, but mentally classified the man as a germaphobe and thought little else of it. “I couldn't help but notice your gardens when I was driving by the other day.”
. It's Sean Connery.”
Sherlock gave a small nod, the pensive veil lifting from his face, a smile creeping into his expression for the first time that day, like a sunrise.
“Someone I used to know.”
“I'm clearly not the one with an immunity to poison,” he finally said. “
When John returned to the estate the next day, he had thin suede gloves on his hands. Sherlock assumed that it was due to the unseasonably cold day they were having, since John was also wearing a heavier coat. But as they walked around the gardens together, John reached out for Sherlock's hand, winding their fingers together, and Sherlock understood.
“Hallucinogens in groups of violent people, bad mix.”
“He ran the shop. You saw it outside?” John nodded. “I don't know who's going to take over it now. I called his family. Maybe some of them will keep it open. Otherwise I don't know what they'll do. Turn it over to the highest bidder I guess. I know it's just a little restaurant, but I'd gotten rather used to it being there, you know? I can't imagine what else they would put there.” John didn't know what to say. This wasn't his world. But he let the woman continue. “He was a nice man. I was heartbroken to hear what happened to him. On the news. Such a terrible accident.”
writer under my roof at the moment.”
She shrugged, reaching for the backpack and pulling out a couple of packages. “I originally wanted to be a healer, like you, back in the district. But there were always more dead people than living ones, so I ended up working on them instead, when I wasn't in the factories. But the basics are still there, even though I never got a chance to use them much.” She smiled a little. “I've worked with dead people a lot. I'm glad you weren't one of them.”
Suddenly he was filled with a flood of what-ifs.
By dawn he had come to a decision: he would leave as well. London had gotten in too deep in his lungs, anyway. He was long overdue for some solitude, some semblance of peace and quiet. He would ignore any call or message from any contact, save John, of course, and would do what he had been longing to do for weeks: see the stars unimpeded by city lights. Maybe Cairns had the right idea. Maybe they could offer him some insight the rest of the world could not.
AU where they aren't agonized and miserable in their early days of being attracted to each other.
John just held his hands out, palms up. He could think of nothing to tell her. Mary just shook her head and sat in the wooden chair at the table, and John thanked god she hadn't chosen Sherlock's seat.
“Christ.”
John sat very still, unable to muster a response. Sherlock sat next to him, equally silent, thinking intently.
“Seriously?”
“I jumped off a building.”
“What, did you hear me walking up?”
rise in his head, but John silenced it with a kiss, gentle and easy, his hand holding onto Sherlock's arm. “I am perfectly content being your companion star.”
Sherlock stared down at the small space between them.
had no such dedication. Sherlock had always considered it a book he wrote solely for himself that somehow became noteworthy without his consent. People had asked him countless times who inspired some of the poems in it, that surely at the root of every writer's work there had to be
So many of the night blooming flowers were white, and looked like stars that had been dropped from the sky to try and shine through the overgrown grass. Night gladiolas, lilies, and the distinct bell shape of the moonflowers. Sherlock pointed out all of these, naming those that John didn't know:
you doing this?” He hated that his voice broke. Sherlock looked something like contrite, but John wasn't sure he bought the act.
He slept for an entire day.
But when his conscience asked what he should do about the painting, he ignored it, and did his best to try to fall asleep.
“Then let's sit for a minute, and I'll tell you if I start to feel unwell.”
“Yes. That's always been John's business, really. Saving lives. And it's quite a shame that he won't be able to save lives now.” The voices rose in sympathetic murmurs, the camera cutting to show everyone looking woefully at Sherlock, some of them with their hands over their hearts.
“I didn't say my flat was my home. In fact to be honest, I don't know that it ever has been.” He left off the second half of this thought: it was only home if Sherlock was also in it.
I silenced his last halfhearted attempt at an apology for an imagined offence. This kiss was deeper, fuelled by all the things we had never said out loud, and even now were saying only with sharp intakes of breath and sighs.
John looked to Mike for backup, but Mike only said, “He does. He's been messing with things since I started talking to him.”
Sherlock waited as John appeared to process the question, to give a truly thoughtful answer to it, not a young child nervous about giving the teacher a wrong answer, but the graduate nervous about defending a thesis. But John stayed silent, though he did look up to face him. When he finally opened his mouth to speak, Sherlock leaned forward a few inches, expecting the answer to be a whisper. But before John could get a word out, another table intervened.
“He isn't around me every moment of the day.”
“What are you doing, Sherlock?”
“Why aren't any of them going inside?” he asked the man next to him.
"Of course it would matter!"
John wasn't sure how to respond. He badly wanted to see Sherlock's face, to try and find any hint of sincerity to confirm his tone of voice. But he knew better. Sherlock would never betray himself by his face. So John returned to a subject he knew Sherlock would be comfortable talking about. "So, what? You've just been hypothesizing about the cases out loud to me?"
They were deep in the woods when he finally said, “Sherlock, is there a point to all this?” The man was standing in the middle of the path, turning in circles, scanning the trees while he held his thumb over the puncture wound. His eyes finally settled on a patch of wildflowers, and he began to pick them like a child gathering a bouquet for a parent. When he held them out at arm's length toward John, he saw them wilt and die in his hands. Sherlock loosened his grip, letting the dead flowers fall to the ground. He turned around, glaring at the forest. He stepped off the path, laying his uninjured hand against the trunk of a large tree. When he drew away, there was a hand print left behind, the tree's wood rotting in that one place. Sherlock repeated the demonstration with other trees, sliding his hands over them and leaving marks behind like bloody hand prints at a crime scene. He tore leaves from thin branches, watched them all turn brown as they dropped to the forest floor.
He stood from the edge of his bed and crossed the room, teasing the clothes away from the painting and lifting it gingerly out of the suitcase. He laid it on the end of his bed and stared at it, the night sky looking all the more darker in the dim light of his bedside lamp. Rubbing a hand over his eyes, he sighed.
Sherlock gave the statue a wide berth for the next few days, and he noticed no change in color. He continued to speak out loud in front of it, not as convinced as he once was that it couldn't hear him.
“No, I think he ran off too.” John tried to sit up properly, to stretch out the tense muscles and joints. There were makeshift bandages on his arms and in some spots on his hands, made from pieces of cloth. He held out one arm, surveying the first aid work.
Doing his best to ignore the pain, John pushed himself close enough to reach it, dragging it back to him. Inside was a small cup of water and a cloth, and a separate container filled with a thick cream. Attached was a note in curly script that said, “I knew what they liked.” It was signed with a dramatically written “IA.” The note drew a small smile from John. If he made it out of here, he would have to thank her, somehow.
“Sticks and stones, brother dear. Now do your job.”
Sherlock unfolded himself from his chair and knelt in front of John's. John set his tea down on the side table and eyed the detective with some suspicion. But he trusted Sherlock, so he didn't move.
“So?”
He instantly recognized the phone, and when he laid eyes on it, it was as if the floor went out from under him. He put a hand on the edge of the desk to keep the room from spinning. When he looked up, Lestrade was staring at him, a terrified look on his face. He'd forgotten he'd had the phone, and he hadn't even considered the effect something like it would have on John.
Exasperation, frustration, even rage. Part of him really did want to hurt him, violently attack him, art museum courtesy be damned, but mostly he didn't know what to do with the energy. He had been so perpetually exhausted without Sherlock that simply being in his presence again breathed life back into him. The world didn't feel as if it was shades of gray broken only by paintings. For once, everything was in focus, in color,
And how much attention had they paid Sherlock? He was insufferable, yes, but he could command a room by presence alone. Surely they hadn't blatantly ignored
But why couldn't she do some of that sitting down? Her pacing wasn't like Sherlock's, which always came across as urgent and wired, the physical manifestation of a brain operating faster than anyone else's. Hers was slow, easy, controlled. John had seen soldiers walk like that, but usually they weren't captains or majors. Usually they were the ones who ended up going AWOL.
something, then be a
He saved the face for last. The face was where he could make one error and ruin everything. He added some final touches to the hair, appropriately tousled, and then slowly set about breathing life into the face of John.
“I figured you'd be all over it, given how cynical you are.”
“Nonsense, John. You hated me. I didn't hate you.”
“No.”
It took a moment for Sherlock to see him sitting there on the sofa, and he did a double take, confused as to why John wasn't in his usual chair, searching for meaning where there was none.
“Oh,” she said sheepishly. She moved a few feet closer so he could see her, looking around at the forest rather than him. “It's just a song from home. One of those traditional things that you grow up hearing so much that you know it without ever having to learn it.”
Now and then, during these late nights and even later mornings, John would think back to another of Sholto's favorite sayings. The man had always seemed to have a quote for everything. Where he had accumulated all of these, John didn't know, but he always found himself thinking of them, truisms and platitudes mumbled around fires in the desert and shouted over the whir of machinery.
“Oh.” He drew the single syllable out so much that it was clear he was trying to make it sound meaningful. Sherlock didn't see why.
push you away.”
“Waltz,” he said without facing John. He paced slowly around the living room.
She walked down the hall toward him, her foosteps pulling creaks and groans from the floorboards. She hugged him to her tightly, saying under her breath, “I'm glad you're back. You have no idea.” She pulled back, her hands still firmly holding his shoulders. “We were all so worried, John.”
one is quite a failure, though.”
“But isn't the client inside?”
Sherlock's phone buzzed in his pocket, and he paused on the pavement to check it, secretly hoping that perhaps a case was available to keep his mind occupied. But it was only Mycroft.
Sherlock wrapped his arms around himself, feeling the full force of those words hit him square in the chest. He'd heard John say angry things in the past, of course, and many sad things as well. But never that.
“I always wondered what sort of place this was, from how little you talked about it. I didn't realize your decorative tastes were so odd.”
“I had an unusual upbringing.”
The tone in his voice set off all the warning alarms in Sherlock's head. But all he said was, “Fine. If you insist.”
When he walked back out into the living room, Sherlock looked away from the documentary, and, as if seeing him for the first time, asked, “Why don't you have a dressing gown?”
One such day, he came home to find Sherlock standing in their living room staring at the wall above the gray sofa. John followed his line of sight as Sherlock said, “It is rather nice looking, isn't it?”
The shelves were organized alphabetically, but every single inch of every shelf was crammed full, the more literary owner trying to fit a library's worth in this single room. It was endearing, in its way. He knelt like a man in church to examine the bottom shelves, scanning the spines looking for Whitman. And sure enough, accessible as always, there it was, a faded paperback of the collected works. He opened the book to a random page.
“Big day's finally here,” Mrs. Hudson said, setting the tray down. She'd been excited about the wedding for weeks, though Sherlock couldn't possibly imagine why. “I think it's nice that you're bringing John.”
"You know, the flaw of this holiday is that it is one-sided giving. The person giving away the sweets never gets any in return. Sad, don't you think?"
"Why not work out of Baker Street?"
But then, John remembered the bystander. So why wouldn't the bystander remember him as well?
“The daffodils are cheerier than I'd expect from you. Narcissus, right?”
"It was an excuse, and both of them knew it.  But allowing it to be anything else, anything except the game, it would have made it all too real.  And given their fates in the arena, the awful truth of missed opportunities and canceled futures, it was easier to pretend they believed the act than to admit anything more."
“Yes, Sherlock, it was. I'm very happy for them.”
“I'm fine.”
A small stack of paper on the table caught John's eye. It was sheet music, written in Sherlock's scrawly hand. “What's this? Been composing again?”
“Well, where would heroes be without villains?”
He could understand someone seeing magic in the universe. But in a city at night? Never. Growing up, he noticed people turned night into something mystical, hushed late hour conversations and cheap takeout food, the knowledge that they'd be exhausted come morning, the fact that come sunrise, they would banish everything they'd talked about hours before into the no man's land between midnight and dawn. But night had never been that to him. His memories of it mostly involved sitting up alone working at home till ungodly hours before collapsing, waking up late the following morning and destroying everything he had put on paper before sunrise.
There were few things that could shock Sherlock Holmes, but he felt his jaw drop as he watched the healer push his way through to his sister. Harry began sobbing and shaking her head, trying to get him to take it back, but he wouldn't, and eventually one of the Peacekeepers grabbed her by the arms while the other led John up the rest of the way to the stage. Harry went into hysterics as she was being pulled away.
“Leave him out of this. Whatever it is you're hoping to accomplish, just take me. Not him.”
He'd passed Irene while walking around outside, and she'd put on her smiling face. But John had lived with an addict long enough to know the signs, and he wasn't surprised when he saw the end of one of her syringes sticking out of her pocket. They both politely pretended that John hadn't noticed. She said a few lines of shallow conversation to him, nothing of any substance. When he looked at her, at the dark circles, at the way she almost nervously tapped her fingers on her arm, at the tense edges of her smile, he wondered if he was seeing what his life would become. She'd survived the arena, and what good had it done for her?
“Yes. God, yes. Just beautiful.”
Sherlock shot him a look. “Do you believe there's any sense in holding on to false hope?”
The blood washed away in the shower as if the whole disaster had never even happened.
John hated that he couldn't argue with him. Because it was true that if Sherlock had brought it up sooner, he would have spent every waking minute of his day thinking about it instead of focusing on their current cases. He almost hated how well Sherlock knew him. In a white flag of defeat, John crossed his arms over his chest and begrudgingly walked to the desk to join the conversation. Mycroft waited until he was convinced that John would listen before he spoke.
is the volume control. This makes it quiet so that you don't shatter the bloody windows.”
“John?” John could hear the confusion, but he didn't care.
“Sherlock, remember, whether you like it or not, you were born an angel. And part of that involves looking after human beings. You don't have to care about them. You don't have to enjoy it. But it is part of your job.”
He spun around, trying to find the person who he had, in a way, silently communicated with since he was in Afghanistan. And finally he saw a figure near the trees, an unmistakable silhouette in a dark coat.
She talked more than he did. He never knew what to say. But she didn't seem to mind and told him all sorts of things about her district, about their industry and what sort of place it was. When she told him how urban, how industrial it was, it seemed dissonant. Molly didn't look like someone who lived surrounded by gray buildings. She looked at home out here in the woods, like she was meant for it. But everything she told him about District 8 gave him a bleak mental image incongruous with the kind of world he associated people like Molly with.
“I don't know about you, but I will need a long trip out of town after all this has settled. It's going to take months for everything to calm down in my head,” John said, staring at the immaculate new carpet beneath his feet.
The idea seemed ridiculous to him as soon as he'd thought it. Sherlock doesn't write music about people. John was allowing himself to be deluded again. He beat down the thoughts. Sherlock Holmes could be called many things, but sentimental was not one of them.
When his phone was returned to him, John met The Man's eyes for a split second. The Man looked surprised to see him, like he was a friend who had shown up after years of being away. But he quickly corrected himself when a woman came in with coffee. John could feel his nerves going haywire inside of him. Had he imagined the look? Was he reading into things that weren't there?
“People are boring.”
But there is no good or subtle way to ask someone if they'll leave you too like everyone else has. No way to beg someone to stay with you without coming off as an emotional manipulator. Instead, there were moments like this, where he could pretend it would be this way forever, that the seemingly inevitable fallout wasn't just around the corner, that somehow, miraculously, someone found his flaws endearing and decided to stay.
When they broke apart, they were both smiling like fools and breathless. After a moment, a hand still on John's face, Sherlock cleared his throat and said very seriously, “I've never understood the point of celebrating the new year like we do. The entire tradition is rather absurd when you consider that the day itself is arbitrary and the concept of dividing time into years was something human beings constructed in a vain attempt to organize the chaos of the universe.”
“How can anyone ever recover from this?” John asked, shaking his head. “How do victors live with themselves?”
"Yes."
Ella glared at him but was powerless to stop the progression from the Q&A session into the signing. He only prayed it would go quickly. Even as the other patrons began to line up in front of the table next to the podium, John could see him through the crowd, smiling at him with a surprising tenderness that he hadn't anticipated. And as the first person held out their copy of the book to him, he saw Sherlock Holmes cross the room and make a place at a table in the shop's cafe, waiting patiently.
. Whatever he would do in the future would have to be driven by something else."
Then he felt an arm around his shoulder, Sherlock coming up beside him, hanging on him, his drink in his free hand. Sherlock reached out to set it down, singing quietly, “
"Hmm."
“I would understand if you wanted to.”
“Then what experience led to you becoming a detective?”
But there was a moment in
“No, she didn't. Because she always knew she was coming back alone if she came back at all.”
John paused, feeling like he should protest, but knowing Sherlock would catch the halfhearted lie. “I really don't.”
“No, Ella, sorry, I got kind of caught up talking to...” He clearly was searching for a word to describe
"You know what I think?"
"This hasn't been easy on me either, John. They're going to suspend me. I'm just waiting for them to come in here and make it official. Frankly, I'm amazed they're even allowing me on the premises still. I'm going to lose my job over this."
“Watson? You all right?”
"I have solved any type of crime you can possibly fathom."
John shifted uncomfortably on his feet, his hand flexing at his side. “You need to get out of the house, Sherlock.”
“Of course, dear. Just a minute.” She gave him a sweet smile and set off down one of the hallways.
. John had spent so long running through things in his head, emotional crises and confrontations, fighting tooth and nail every step of the way to make things work, and it had turned out to be completely unnecessary. All it had really taken was that first step. After that, things fell into place so easily that John wondered why he ever worried about it in the first place.
Sherlock only nodded, didn't want to dignify them with speech. Rather than take the hint, they both talked about how lucky he was to live in such a romantic setting year round. “It's a wonder you're not a poet too, living here,” the woman said.
“Subjective interpretations.”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
After being told who the poet was, John had hated how silent his phone had been. No additional messages or information.
“Well, you never sleep, but I didn't exactly want to be awake all night. Why are we taking this case again?”
“He probably figured it was quicker, rather than you ending up his friend and then hating him.” Felix nodded. “And you didn't? Hate him, I mean?”
"Don't forget everyone's coming over Christmas Eve. Try not to humiliate Molly this year."
“He's written about lots of real crimes before.”
Anthea.”
John nodded. “I thought I imagined it.”
“Because the citizens adore you, and will only adore you more once the interviews commence. You're both a healer, a martyr, and a trained killer.”
His father sat down across the table from him, the only person who didn't have a drink. He prided himself on his temperance, and used it more than once as yet another way to lord himself over Harry.
“What the hell are you talking about?” John could almost see the headache begin, the tense little unconscious gesture she made, fingers at her temple. “What news?”
Sherlock didn't have the time or the energy to respond. He picked up his tools and resumed his work without regarding Mycroft at all.
“You've lost me.” John didn't sound especially troubled. He had grown rather used to being lost.
“The rose. I've never seen one this color before.” It was the only plant John had seen that seemed to be truly taken care of, protected, not used for experiments.
have you dying on me, John. That would be a
“I lost track of time.”
The same little gesture, hand at her temple. “So what are we going to do about this?”
"I stick to my books because they are more intelligent company than
This means that every few weeks, he hopes to be romantically entangled with some new female, so that he can take her out, flirt and chatter, and pretend to be normal. But none of these relationships last. John has never been known for his interpersonal consistency anymore than I have been.
Sherlock stood at the window of his living room, watching John walk home, his hand unconsciously flexing at his side. It was for the best really. At least, that was what Sherlock told himself when he went to sit back down.
– into his lungs as he considered how to get past the man. Part of him wanted to help, wanted to staunch the blood steadily seeping from what used to be the man's thigh, but the other part of him knew better. He had seen bleeders like that before, and if the man's face was any indicator, he didn't stand a chance. John bent down, falling a little too hard on his knees, and reached out to the man, teasing the destroyed fabric of his jeans away from the amputation. There was no way he would ever be able to stop the bleeding, no way to fix what had been done.
He locked eyes with me again, a slight furrow across his brow, as if he were deliberating something with himself. No doubt it had something to do with one of my injuries. He reached a hand up toward my face. I expected it to land across the bandaged cut, but instead it snaked its way around and cupped the back of my neck, gently pulling me closer to him.
John started to walk away, but Sherlock stopped him. “John? Thank you. For being in the same orbit as me.”
People always think of a sunrise as a timed event that you can pinpoint to the second, when the reality is that it is a slow progression from darkness to light. There is no sudden burst of color in the sky, no instantaneous coming to life of the world. No clear bold lines, but instead, a softened fading. The sunrise crept into Athens as it had for thousands of years. John wasn't sure when he noticed it, the way the light from the hotel room didn't cut so sharply out onto the darker balcony, the muted grayness that always seemed to encapsulate these early morning hours. He couldn't see the sun itself yet, but evidence of its appearance was painted on every building, every tree, every balcony just like theirs up the side of the hotel.
"Hmm?"
He looked up at the man, sitting behind the table with body language that was clearly making an active effort to not appear defensive and unwelcoming. But he was still visibly uncomfortable. It didn't look as if the general public noticed, but Sherlock knew the tells, the little details, twirling a ring on his finger, pulling at a loose thread on his sleeve, tapping the pen against his hand. He was almost ready to rise from the table and bolt.
“Not like this you haven't. This was another caliber, and while you may not care about putting your life on the line, I do, and I wasn't going to chance something awful happening to you.”
She threw up her hands. “What did you expect? You could have been on a bloody operating table for all I knew. Since you wouldn't fucking answer me.”
“Definitely looking better than that night.”
“I don't
“I loved it when I first saw it.”
“Well, you're always so pleased with you talent at determining the fates of relationships. So what's the verdict on Mary?”
“You're from the past,” John said, his voiced laced with doubt. He sat in his chair across from Sherlock Holmes, who leaned toward him, steepling his fingers and grinning.
"Because your bandages are applied in such a way that your eyes are covered. Obviously." John took a deep breath and made himself locate where his skin was covered. He felt the packed gauze across both eyes and all of his forehead, and a series of bandages running diagonally, covering the left side of his face. The right side was largely untouched, having been facing away from the explosion. There were more bandages up and down the entire left side of his body. He tried to keep his composure. He didn't like not seeing. His life had enough uncertainty to it without factoring in blindness. He wondered how people who were truly blind stood it, having to rely on your other senses and other people when both were so notoriously unreliable.
“I thought you told everyone their relationships were doomed.”
When the sky was returned to stars, John looked to Sherlock, and it was only then that Sherlock stood and walked away.
He considered starting the book, but it was late, and he had already decided that any potential source of information deserved his full attention, not the distracted half-awake focus he currently had.
He repeated the phrase, trying to make it mean something, “One day at a time.”
“How do you know that?”
"I figured you'd take it as an opportunity to dress as a pirate," John said as he walked to the kitchen for a cup of tea. He smirked to himself.
"Thank god," Sherlock mumbled, using his free hand to pull John's face those last few inches closer, sinking into a kiss. They could feel the breath pass between them. John sighed, and he felt the curve of Sherlock's lips against his as the detective smiled. "The Christmas gift sufficed, then?"
Sherlock dragged himself out of bed, hands in the pockets of his dressing gown, and paced aimlessly around the attic room for several minutes before descending the stairs and going to the owner's little library. The room was empty, but someone had taken care of the fire before going to bed. He immediately went for the poetry, careful to avoid the H section, horrified at the thought of seeing his own name, looking for Whitman. But there was none. He would have to discuss this with the owner in the morning. Appalling that a man who loved poetry so much shouldn't have a single volume of Whitman.
“You stayed upstairs?”
"Sherlock, mate, what are you doing?" He dropped all his things on the floor by his bed and collapsed onto it.
“Irene liked me because I wasn't intimidated by her.”
“Oh, lavender roses certainly exist,” Sherlock said. He tapped the pestle on the edge of the mortar, shaking off the bits of flower that had stuck to it. “
“And why is that?” John asked.
If John hadn't known better, he would have called the expression on Sherlock's face
The text message was enough to make him set his book aside. Maybe it had been sent to the wrong person? Maybe it was meant for one of the family members he had left London to attend to?
He paused. “It's not like you.”
The cabbie's eyes, which was all John could really see of him in the mirror, were filled with pity. On another day he might have said something about how it's not what you think, but he had the ill-timed realization that in a way, it was exactly what he thought. But that was something to worry about on a different day.
“I have to see how it works.”
“You couldn't even come by once?”
John looked up from his food to see Sherlock's attempt at a convincing expression. “Yeah, because you'd know.”
Of course, being Sherlock Holmes, he lasted only one full minute.
He stopped at a narrow mountain river for water before heading up into the hills. The woods were rockier here, fewer hollows and trees and more craggy cliffs and boulders. It looked like good enough shelter. It was only midday, but the fatigue was finally setting in, forcing him to stop aimlessly trekking through the forest.
“Perhaps. I saw ones to your agent Ella Christian, a James Sholto, Mike Stamford. I can't help but notice that the only person missing a last name in the dedications is Harry.”
“I'm not human, remember. I'm a machine.”
So many nights, he spoke to a skull on his mantel, because there was no one else to regale with his motivations and back stories.
one,” Mycroft said, pacing around the train car, so on edge that he had even put down his umbrella.
"Because it's nice, Sherlock. It makes the children happy. Mrs. Hudson and I, unlike you, enjoy seeing happy children."
“Look at what you did to her! Look at what you've done to all of them!” How far would his voice carry? Would other tributes hear it? John didn't care. His audience would hear him, picked up on microphones, even over the growing roar of birdsong. He could have called them monsters, could have screamed curses at them. But the only other word he was able to choke out in the end was, “Why!”
“You remember me, Mr. Holmes? Because I certainly remember you. I'm a
He knew she was right. So he stopped his world for a while. He wasn't ready to go quite yet.
it. Sherlock had already passed on one of his bits of wisdom: the art of disguise is knowing how to hide in plain sight. So John would take the advice and keep the painting safe in the only way he knew how.
“Why's that?”
He looked up at me, holding eye contact for a harrowing few seconds before turning his gaze back to the sutures. He shrugged. "It's not important. It's just –" He tied off the last stitch and ran a finger over the repaired wound. "It's not easy, you know. Wondering if you'll come back. Or if you'll come back like this, beaten and bloody."
John snapped his eyes back to Mike. He had gotten distracted at was staring absently at the display Mike had set up of all his books. For a moment, he found himself dissociating entirely, and the books were written by a man he didn't know.
“Honestly, I thought I would be lucky if you let me speak to you at all and let me get some of my things before throwing me to the street.”
"Yes. You should be discharged within the week. They want to keep an eye on the burns, but they're convinced you'll do just as well at home with the proper medication."
Sherlock stared at his outstretched hand, grabbing it with his own, holding it up in the weak light. As he reached for his other hand, doing the same, he said, “The weapons you have, there's too many to just be from the tributes you've killed, and I highly doubt you risked running into the cornucopia, so where did they come from?”
“Take care of yourself, okay? Don't talk too much about movies and computers. You don't want people to really think you've gone mad.”
“Fiction, yes?”
Sherlock's face flooded with relief, and without another word his hands moved to John's face, cradling it with care, and he kissed him.
"But sometimes, unexpectedly, grief pounded over me in waves that left me gasping; and when the waves washed back, I found myself looking out over a brackish wreck which was illuminated in a light so lucid, so heartsick and empty, that I could hardly remember that the world had ever been anything but dead."
It became their habit, on the days John was there, for them to have lunch together in the gray little break room. Even if they didn't talk about anything, it was somehow soothing just to know that someone else on earth knew how you felt about something. They were fast friends, and after a few weeks, they even broached the idea of seeing each other outside of work. But what it had come down to, was neither of them believed it would be healthy for the two of them to be in a relationship with each other. While John normally would have been crestfallen to miss an opportunity with a woman as sweet and intelligent as Sarah, he had to agree with her on that front, thinking in the back of his mind how easy it would be for one of them to accidentally negatively impact the other, since they would live under the shared storm cloud of their matching traumas. It was one thing to be friends, to have a common ground. That was almost therapeutic. But for two people who both believed that they were on some level broken, irreparably damaged, it only seemed dangerous to become codependent.
“Honestly? Not good.”
"Difficult not to, what with that excessively cheerful music and the overbearing smell of evergreen," he muttered.
“Okay, sit down, Sherlock.”
"Can't be good at everything, can I?" Sherlock stood there, staring down at John. He watched some color creep into his face, a smile begin to play across his lips.
“Why Auden?”
"You're still here?"
“That's what people
Every night carried with it a sort of soft, bleary quality, the two of them so tired from the whole saga that they were more than content to just sleep curled close to one another, setting no alarms and taking no cases. The public asked when they would resume their work, but no one was pushy about it, everyone being polite enough to keep their distance. Now and then a well-wisher would leave flowers outside the building, and there was a nearly constant stream of cards and letters in their mail, but no one actively tried to draw them out, for which John was grateful.
“Well there weren't many, from what I gather. Not many survivors to talk about. And I've been trying to keep track of the story on the television and in the papers, but it's such a hard thing to read. You know, I don't think I've seen any mention of you, in any of the stories I mean. Seems like they've interviewed most of the people who lived.”
At the base of the hill, he heard the sound of rushing water. The trees gave way to massive boulders and a stone riverbed that allowed people to walk alongside the water, albeit out in the open. It was a fast mountain river, narrow and nonthreatening, speckled with occasional small cascades as it went downhill.
Sherlock proceeded to heat the test tube, and John gave up trying to argue.
“I don't think so.”
“What good would it do? They've never interested me. Dull, run of the mill. What would I say to them?”
I'm sorry in advance.
“Who is this man?”
John laughed under his breath. “Yes, I'm sure you would have been an absolute
John sat in his chair in Baker Street that night, the seat across from him noticeably empty. The flat was too quiet without Sherlock. Time passed more quickly in his absence. John would look at the clock and find an hour had passed when it seemed to only have been minutes. He had tried to read, to watch television, but nothing helped. He gave in to the crushing silence, and didn't come out of it until very late.
“Past tense?”
“Well that's not entirely true –”
John stopped at a trellis covered in bright flowers of varying colors, pinks and purples. “What about those?”
“I told you, the first opportunity for my return isn't until Friday.”
“No. It's a visual illusion, a trick of turbulence in the sky. Usually a star isn't an individual star either. Often what you're seeing are binary stars.”
“For what it's worth, I'd never have pushed you away, either.”
But why was it the biggest goddamn trial, just being honest with one another?
how serious this is."
“Everything is just, well, dull by comparison after living with him so long. I don't know if I'm capable of a regular life. People talk about how extraordinary he was, and they're right. He really was extraordinary. His world wasn't like Mary's world, like everyone else's. I want
“It's sad.”
one of the most important poets in literary history, so...”
“You like dogs?”
He never came up with answers, never could find any sort of rationality behind Moriarty's ideas. He only came to the conclusion that it would have been a blessing, just letting it all end in that room in Rome instead of
“Yes, I'm happy to see you, I thought you were dead and you're not, yes I'm happy you callous fucking moron.” Finally, Sherlock gave him a small, hesitant smile, wanting to tread lightly and having no idea how to do so in such a situation. “Come on. We're going back to Baker Street. This is not fucking over yet.”
John squinted in the sun. The Square was filled to the brim. He could see the bowl of names on the stage, not separated into male or female this year. Just one containing every name of every person in the District old enough to walk. He saw an old woman leading a child to the appropriate line and tried to push away the mental image of the woman fighting anyone to the death.
"Nutrition's dull." They wandered through the aisles. "How much longer are you in London?"
“I'm going to acquire a seven percent solution.”
John slowly opened his eyes, his vision filled by the canopy of leafless trees above him. It took him a moment to realize that those trees meant he was still alive. Part of him wanted them to be the trees of home, the woods he and Mary would hunt in, and that he was only here, passed out on the forest floor, from some accident.
“In some ways, yes.”
"How long have you been here?" Silence. "When can I get these bloody bandages off?"
John shifted into a more comfortable position. He supposed he should be used to Sherlock's evasive streak by now. John couldn't very well call him out on it, when he could be so evasive himself. He had to admit how happy he was that Sherlock was here, and that in itself made him uneasy. He wasn't going to deny that his opinion of his flatmate was complicated. But he'd spent most of his days since meeting Sherlock avoiding confronting it. It wasn't an idea worth entertaining, he told himself. And this certainly wasn't the time to think it over.
“Stay on your toes, Twelve,” he said, finally turning his back and walking away.
“Why not?”
John stared at the barrel of the gun. It wasn't the first gun he'd stared down. There had been so many times in Afghanistan where he'd come within inches of dying by one. But in Afghanistan he had backup, he had a commander and recruits and his own weapon. But his gun was in his room, and there was no secret backup in Baker Street. Just the ticking of the clock on the wall, counting down every second remaining between him and bleeding out on the carpet.
! Moriarty is playing a game, and it is one thing for him to have me as his main piece, but now he has involved you, and
Nothing killed him more than standing there, watching them at the altar, and no words stung more than, “I now pronounce you husband and wife.”
"Yes, you do." Sherlock's voice was little more than a whisper. He didn't want to spell it out. But it was beginning to seem that that was his only option. Either John was terribly naive or was just trying to drag an answer out of him. Both were equally possible. He was quiet for a long time. "You know, I was worried."
Sherlock froze. "He is
“Obviously.”
“Oh. Then I'm going to go out on a limb and say that you don't have a
Mary felt immediately wrong here. Baker Street should have been untouched by her outside influence, and the way she ran her eyes over the walls and staircase, like an appraiser before a demolition order. The look on her face made John want to shove her back out the door.
“Mycroft seemed really bothered by your talk last night,” John said. Sherlock stood across the table from him in the training room as they worked with camouflage techniques.
John reached out for Sherlock's hand. “Here, let me see.” Sherlock pulled his hand back, one quick abrupt motion. He shook his head. “I'm a doctor, Sherlock.”
The perk to being a poet, rather than a novelist, is that the people on the street rarely, if ever, recognized you. It was the closest one could get to being invisible even in a crowd. But that didn't make the crowds tolerable. The noise was the worst part. Why were human beings so goddamn loud all the time? Didn't they ever shut up? Why did everyone feel the need to drown out everyone else? It was like an unspoken competition between the billions of people on the planet, everyone trying to make the world notice them, when they had done absolutely nothing worth noticing.
"Hi, John. Sherlock wouldn't let anyone else in. I know I'm technically a pathologist, but I should suffice. He wouldn't even acknowledge any of the other doctors."
It turned out that there were expressions of love that were not glaring or obvious or trite. And I was struck suddenly by a wave of them. All the times he forced me to eat and sleep. All the times he tended to my wounds. All the times he reassured me, even when I swore I needed no reassurance. All the times he put me back together when I did not even know I was broken. And all the times, when, provided with a choice, he chose me.
John had spent hours preparing to leave, originally intending to go early that morning, but by the time he finally worked up the nerve, it was already later in the afternoon. He walked down the street, the ring heavy in his pocket, the pain in his leg breaking through despite the painkillers he'd taken earlier.
"Are you seeing anyone?" She asked one day as I sat at what I had claimed as my microscope.
And then he saw the flash of red as the dim light hit its eyes, and without thinking, he shot.
John scoffed, a bitter laugh. “No.” He just managed to leave off the
“Then why are you concerned with what she'll think?” John just shook his head. Sholto clapped him on the shoulder. “Go home, Watson. Keep in mind: if things can work out for someone like me, then certainly things will work out for you.”
“Again I ask, why?”
“I hope you do. And not just for the Capitol's sake.”
“Well until it comes to that, we might as well be a team. We can survive a whole lot easier working together.”
Sherlock woke up on a hillside in the forest, covered in leaves and dirt and god knows what else. He sat up, brushing himself off, his head pounding. Where in the arena had he ended up?
“Important enough to merit a dedication in a bestseller. The book is about a little girl, so a dedication to a man is less likely unless it's your agent or editor. You mentioned your agent and editor by name a few minutes ago, so it's not either of them. Family member or romantic attachment? Why him? What earns someone a dedication?”
Sherlock stared at the message, trying to make himself believe it. It was a struggle. But he made small talk, a few pithy remarks, grateful every second that this conversation hadn't been had in person. No amount of soft lighting or sidewalks could have made this doable. Not for him.
“No.”
“I'm so glad you were at the Hickman. I know it was a terrible thing to live through, but I'm glad.”
He set his glass down. “When I came back to England, a few months after the fact when my name wasn't in the papers all the time anymore, you know I dated this nice person for a while.”
“Yeah, clearly.” She squinted in the glare of her porch light and waved him inside. He had been inside her place many times, but he felt like a stranger in it still. Everywhere he looked he saw Mary, but he didn't see any reflection of himself. She stood near the now closed front door, watching him try to decide whether to sit down or not. He opted for standing. Easier to dodge thrown objects.
“I'd rather be in London with you, honestly. This is going to be a miserable trip.”
“A repeater, then?”
It was typical John. He was never capable of finishing sentences when he tried to say things he was unsure how to say. Sherlock made some noise at his makeshift desk to let John know he was still there without having to actually answer him. After all, no question, no answer.
After a silence broken only by the crackle of the fire, the quiet voice answered.
The two exchanged one more quick smirk with each other before the man walked away. Sherlock snatched up the suggested carton and quickly followed, carefully staying a safe distance behind the man. When he saw him choose a check-out line, Sherlock slipped in casually behind him. Without looking at him, Sherlock shrugged and said, "You would know better than I would," and set the carton down.
“No, I mean you are out of hers. At best she'll be a teacher to a hoard of annoying six year olds, with a plain, boring little flat somewhere. You have more potential. So why are you wasting your time with her?”
Sherlock insisted they stop for dinner at a restaurant near Baker Street. They usually ate after a case, or rather, John ate while Sherlock talked. Sherlock always managed to make sure John took care of himself, got enough food and sleep, but he was always content to run his own body into the ground.
The arena came into crystal perfect view in an instant. Sharp mountains, and cold air, wrapped in winter. The trees were all bare save for the patches of evergreens in the forest. The tributes stood around the cornucopia in a clearing, surrounded on all sides by dense woods.
The man's eyes lit up with pure enthusiasm. “Well, lord knows if you need any to read, I have you covered. If you go into the living room through there, there's a slew of books of all sorts. Poetry is on the bottom shelf. Have to keep our guests entertained out here.”
The silence stretched out again. It seemed they had so many of those silences.
booth. It was tucked in against the wall and front windows, and on especially chilly nights one could feel the air slip in from around the panes of glass. But somehow, it still always felt warm there, even though the single candles on each table could provide no real warmth. And all Sherlock could think about was the fact that space appeared so cold despite it being filled with balls of fire.
The news had died down about the missing Vermeer, reporters distracted by bigger and more dramatic things, but John was sure there were still people looking for it. They would never find it in his flat, of course. Why would anyone look?
But he'd heard Mrs. Hudson lock it behind her when she went out earlier. Had the lock not caught?
He couldn't go looking for water. He couldn't do anything. All he could do was stand and walk away. But the walk turned to a run as he heard the cannon sound. The vultures would be there soon.
“Do I ever?”
Putting my nursing degree to good use.
“Excuse me?”
The atmosphere grew steadily more awkward, and was blessedly broken by Molly's return. She had her mobile phone in her hand, which she held out toward the both of them.
“Which one is?” John asked before draining the remaining coffee from his cup.
“What about survival skills?”
How had Sherlock never seen it? John not noticing something would have been common enough, but Sherlock couldn't believe he'd missed something. And
“You put a lot of effort into all these plants.”
“But why is he doing it? What does he want? I mean, if he wants to wreak havoc, why not just bomb anyplace he wants without warning? Why play with everyone instead?”
“Yes, fine. Perfectly fine.”
I heard the genuine concern, and had I not been so wound up, would have been touched.
But he knew damn well it wouldn't. He had used up all his pain-driven writing on
“I'm curious about one of the lines. 'It was a bond of union when I found that he was as friendless as I.' Surely there's a story there, yes? Who inspired that line of thinking? Who was the real life equivalent that surely elicited such a reaction? Was that your own experience in academia?”
The only time John stopped was when he head the first gunshot, a single one, rapid and abrupt. His stomach sank even though the sirens still screamed a few blocks away.
Sherlock had stopped mid-sentence when he'd walked through their front door and saw John sitting on the sofa, a bomb strapped to his chest.
“No! Send me back.”
“John, your chances don't improve by staying here. Eventually there won't be enough people –”
Try as he might, John still couldn't manage to breathe slowly, every breath coming out ragged, ripping through him with a tightness he hadn't felt since his nightmare flashbacks after the Hickman. “I hope Mycroft makes her disappear.”
Maybe they'd been right."
“Why?”
"Since I was admitted?"
What if the police started really trying to account for all the art? For the status of the lost Vermeer? What if instead of assuming it had been destroyed they believed it was stolen? What if they had a call line and what if this man remembered John, remembered him walking away with the painting. What if the man saw it as an opportunity to make cash from reward money? But surely he wouldn't remember John, right? It was busy and dark and crowded. People get distracted during disasters. What were the chances of some random bystander remembering him?
“I don't know. How long has it been since you were here last?”
John stared blankly at him. “And this is very important information?”
“Can I come too, then?”
“I'm used to it, unfortunately. He's never been able to keep anyone around long, even staff.”
Perhaps if John had been more awake, he would have thought more before acting, but part of him was glad, because otherwise he might not have had the nerve to lean forward and kiss the man standing in front of him.
It was fatalistic, sure, and probably irrational, but it was still the way he felt.
“Good. Because I do.”
John slammed the book shut and rubbed at his temples, feeling like the physical embodiment of a scream yet to be let loose. He knocked back the remainder of his drink, grateful that his past self had thought well enough to bring the bottle. Ironic. Drinking away anxiety after planning an intervention for an alcoholic. Sherlock would surely find that amusing.
“Why do you spend so much time in all these museums, John? You're a doctor, not a painter.”
After a few minutes – or had it been half an hour already? – Sherlock's phone chimed with an incoming text message. Replacing the Neruda to its rightful place, he pulled out his phone to read it.
Mary accused him once of their relationship being a placeholder for something else, and when he asked what, she just stood there staring at him, arms crossed over her chest.
“The last thing I remember...was shooting at a mine, and this thick fog...” He shook his head. The hallucinations sprang back to life. “It wasn't fog. It was a drug. You said they were dead? God I hope it isn't fatally toxic.”
“If that was true, you wouldn't spend so much of your free time in here while I rehearse the shows.”
John stopped in front of a large black and gold piece attached to one of the columns, deliberately warped in its carving to look like cloth. The effect was something like a Dali painting, a memorial that could melt off the column like the candles melted down till they extinguished themselves.
Sherlock would have killed for a mirror. Mirrors had always been one of his least favorite things, as they showed him the only thing he didn't want to see: himself. But tonight he wanted one, just so he could adjust his own facial expression accordingly, just to make sure that it wasn't written on his face as he felt it surely was. But then, John's face was only barley concealed starvation as well. It was easier to stare down your own desperation through someone else's face.
“There are plenty of soldiers with wives and families.”
When John faced him, when he saw the serious set to his features, all he could do was laugh. “Yeah, I'm sure Mycroft would take 'go to hell' for an answer.”
Sherlock looked down the river, but no body had surfaced, and no hovercraft came. She had disappeared.
Most of what Sherlock had said could be taken entirely platonically, of course. It was only John's brain thinking too much about it. After all, Sherlock had never been one to mince words. He only said exactly what he meant. And what person wouldn't want something like a home, some semblance of safety, friends? It was probably all very rational in Sherlock's mind.
,” John pointed a finger at Mycroft, who bristled at the gesture, “so bent out of shape?”
“Yes. The next time I go back, it will be when I'm dead, for good. I'm sure Mycroft will still drop in from time to time, though, even if only to get on my nerves.” He felt John laugh lightly against him. He pulled back and looked down at him. “Are you all right? You took my apparent death much harder than I had anticipated.”
"What if I stop you?"
“Are we?”
“We are not any more lucky by being here than you are, Miss Adler.”
He stumbled out of bed, still fully clothed, his shoes sounding rough once he crossed from rug to wood floor. The entire house was still now, all the guests tucked away, the owners long since gone off to their own bed, somewhere in these creaking walls.
“John, you are supposed to be the
“How did you discover that the created roses weren't dangerous?”
"By all means." As Sherlock watched John head off down the street, he added another word into his mental catalog of John Watson:
“Oh, don't be so grumpy, Iceman. I was tied up. Literally. Coincidentally, there is the cutest little worker bee a few cars down.” She leaned her arms on the table and stared hard at John and Sherlock. “Hmm, I've certainly worked with less.” She pointed at John. “You're the one who volunteered for a family member, aren't you?”
John wasn't sure what Sherlock was expecting. Shock? Horror? Disgust? But it was clear he hadn't anticipated calm. John walked up to him slowly as if he were an easily startled animal. He reached out and took hold of Sherlock's arm, layers of shirt and coat sleeves between them so their skin wouldn't touch. Sherlock let himself be led back to the house, watching John warily for the entire walk.
“Go placidly amid the noise and haste, and remember what peace there may be in silence.”
“I was bored.” He gave a dismissive little wave of his hand. “Besides, they never would have solved it on their own.”
Sherlock frowned at it, running his fingers along the individual petals, barely resisting shouting at it.
Sherlock spent days awake at a time, sleeping only when he collapsed from exhaustion. His hands were sore, aching from hammering and chipping away at the stone. But slowly, the form of a human being began to arise. Sherlock had made him smaller than many men, but with such a strength that it was irrelevant. He worked tirelessly, even more so once he had the general shape created. Then it became a matter of developing the finer details, the things that truly made John who he was. The set of his jaw, the pride in his shoulders, the depth of his eyes, and those beautiful hands.
"What?"
“No, what is it?”
Sherlock glanced up at Lestrade, who was giving him a cheeky grin like a teenager. “You say that as if it's something significant.”
“Soft spot on the floor, where it had rotted out.”
John laughed. “Isn't he in the wrong business, then?”
“Well –”
"Thank you."
Bill had frowned, confused. “John, there was no man. No one tended to your wounds until we airlifted you and the others to the nearest hospital.” John was quiet. Had he imagined it? It seemed impossible. The whole incident had felt so real. The man had even spoken! “You've had a rough time, John. I'm sure you'll be fine.”
“I've been thinking. And I realized something. It's always been you. From day one, from that stupid car ride.”
When he touched the folds of clothing, he felt the texture of denim bloom underneath his fingertips. He held onto a wrist, not removing his hand for many minutes, and there, under the skin, he began to see what looked like veins.
I wish I could tell you that there was some dark, horrible crisis that first led me to drugs. But in the end, it was only boredom. I had nothing in my life, no one. There was no entertainment or distraction. So I created my own. I won't try to justify it either. It was idiotic. But you never quite realise it at the time.
“Her and Mrs. Turner will have a field day,” he said, turning back to Sherlock, who stood a few feet away, just as relaxed and composed as he could possibly be. He gave John a crooked smirk as he crossed the room to finish his drink. He swayed a little where he stood. “How can you teach someone to dance when you're drunk?”
“Your error is in assuming that John Watson and I have attachments to each other.”
"Well, there isn't. So it was either going out with Mike or Greg and being miserable or staying home and making children happy. It wasn't a difficult decision." John smiled a little and shrugged.
“We're sending you down again.”
Still, it wasn't until he was safely home that he realized he had left behind the book of Auden, carelessly set on the table. He cursed himself for being so caught up, distractions leading to the ultimate betrayal.
"Irene's alive."
. Any time he knocked at Baker Street, Mrs. Hudson, per John's request, turned him away. He wouldn't give the time of day to someone as cold and indifferent as Mycroft.
Sherlock drew back, seemingly more offended by that than anything else John had said. “John, I –”
Sherlock waited, looking almost pained that John remained silent. He finally gave in and spoke.
“You should go home. Get some sleep.”
“You talk about him like
“I am genuinely sorry.” Sherlock lifted up the computer, setting it in his lap.
“Recommend me something, then.”
John had taken a couple of steps back and was staring at Henry with a look of horror on his face. He was about to step forward, to say something or try to help, when Henry finally let out a tortured scream.
He paused. “Excuse me?”
It's been a rough year.
He laid a hand across the statue's chest as he leaned his forehead against its own. Near tears, he was bordering on some sort of ecstatic hysteria. He whispered the name
“But we both know that's not quite true.”
“I guess this is it.” Sherlock nodded, his eyes cutting away from John's. “I never thought I'd say this, but I'm glad you were bored enough to jump off a hospital, although I really wouldn't recommend making a habit of it.” That coaxed Sherlock back, drawing a sad smile from him.
John went out one night and stopped the world, sitting alone in the cold, and briefly he wondered, if Sherlock knew about this, would he consider John a puzzle worth solving as well?
“Don't be absurd, John. I have never, nor do I intend to ever
“Did you know that in French and Italian, the phrases for 'struck by lightning' are
“Of course. Whichever ones you pick, I eat the others.”
“Explain.”
One day, John set down a cup of tea beside Sherlock, who sat at the table in the living room, staring intently at something on his laptop. They had fallen into so many familiar little habits. John stood for a moment, reading over his shoulder. Sherlock took a long drink of the tea and smiled.
“No. It's very realistic. But none of the hopefulness you see in
He looked up at the metallic glimmer as the craft moved a little lower. He stared it down. Even though no one inside could see him that closely, he knew every camera in this section of woods could. He felt the rage boil inside him as he stared up at the sky, at the trees around him. He should have left in silence and let the thieving magpies speak for him and Molly both. But he couldn't.
My scowl intensified considerably. Irene only smirked. She stood to leave, and as she walked past me, she trailed a finger across my face. "You'll never love me, Mr. Holmes. But you will always love your doctor."
“Honestly, very little of it was originally mine.”
“Well?”
He spoke again, louder this time. “I said
“I won't.”
“I was serious. That one is safe.” Sherlock was leaning against the edge of the counter, watching him.
