Castiel hummed in agreement as he began to climb up the slope towards the wilderness walk. “The lake in itself has no moral value, only aesthetic. But what we do with it--” He shrugged, affecting an air of innocence.
“Hello, little one,” he murmurs as he looks down at Elinor, and Dean’s heart swells with love at the tenderness in his voice. “It’s a pleasure to meet you. My name is Castiel, and I am--”
“Night, Cas.” Reluctantly, Dean steps back, leaning against Baby’s hood and grounding himself in her familiar presence. He raises one hand to wave as Cas steps through the glass door into the building’s lobby, and then he’s lost to sight.
Dean’s face was still set in harsh lines, but there was more confusion than anger in his eyes now. Castiel whispered, “Later,” to him, knowing Dean would want an explanation. He raised one eyebrow, and Dean nodded slowly.
Dean is quiet as he looks around his room. He crosses to the side of the bed and picks up the portrait of his mother, gazing down at it with something unidentifiable on his face.
If Dean can be brave, then so can he. Cas nods, gently guiding to Dean to sit at the edge of the bed while he removes his own clothes. Dean watches, a rosy flush spreading across his cheeks and chest as Cas strips, not even trying to make it a seduction. He’s never been ashamed of his body, but the way Dean looks at him makes him feel more attractive than he ever has.
“Reward?” Dean spun to face him, jaw tight. “I don’t want to jump through hoops decreed by some distant power before I can touch you ungloved, Castiel. I want to show you, here and now, how much I have come to love you.”
Every thrust, every parry was a perfectly-timed movement, and every block or sidestep was like the step of an intricate dance. Michael and John wove around one another, their blades clashing with a ringing noise that surprised Castiel with its melodious beauty. The rest of the field had fallen quiet, all attention on the two monarchs locked in deadly combat. John’s head was bare, as was the custom in Calorna, and the silver threads in his dark hair shone in the bright light of the sun, but he moved with the grace of a much younger man. Watching him, noting the way Michael’s movements became gradually less controlled, Castiel felt the first searing wave of fear strike his heart. His injured leg slowed him down, but there were no more Calornans in his way as he moved forward, eyes locked on the dueling kings.
The whisper of metal against itself was the only warning he had as an enemy soldier approached from his unguarded side. Swinging wildly with his blade, Castiel caught the Calornan against the side of their helmless head, dropping them immediately. He knew the rules of engagement, the ones Michael spoke before every battle: leave none alive. But he had never been very good at listening to his brother’s commands.
If they made it to any sort of anniversary worth celebrating, Dean knew what he would be giving Cas as a gift.
The interns file out the door, chattering and joking, waving their goodbyes as they go. Once they’ve left, Cas turns to Hannah, his smile sliding off his face. “It’s going to be hard to choose this year.”
A pale building glows under the light of the moon and stars. It’s all soft edges and circular protrusions from a central dome, far bigger than the house Dean grew up in but nothing compared to the grand scale of the palace. He takes a step towards it, Castiel hovering at his side, then freezes as two figures emerge from the darkness, one of them carrying a torch.
As it dissolves, the angels bound within it are released into the sky. Their jubilant dance lights up the night, and they call out their gratitude and their respect as they streak through the clouds. One, a familiar mixture of yellow and green, hovers nearby as Castiel slowly sinks back to his normal size. Its light pulses with what Castiel knows to be sympathy, and he circles around Balthazar in relief before flying back to the tower.
“I can give you a tonic that will help ease the symptoms.” Layla stood, smoothing the apron she wore over her gown. “An herbal blend of my own devising. It will cool you internally, and I will add some ingredients to combat the aches in your head.”
Sliding off his seat, Dean walks over to meet her, a genuine smile spreading across his face. “Hi,” he says, offering his hand. “I’m Dean.”
The dragon is big, no doubt about it. But somehow not as enormous as Dean imagined, lithe enough that it can land in the clearing with a thud that rattles the ground. It roars again, and Dean dares to sneak a glance around the boulder. It paws at the ground with one heavy, sharp-clawed foot, thin tendrils of smoke still spewing from its nostrils.
All his life, there were certain truths that had guided the flow of events in Hiemere. They lived in a land of cold and ice. They were at war with Calorna. The mountains stood between them, a physical reminder of the differences that separated them.
Drawing his sword, Dean steps out of the cave. It takes a second for his eyes to adjust, but he doesn’t immediately see anything. Frowning, he takes a few more steps forward, scanning the trees. He doesn’t see Castiel either, and that’s when the icy shivers of fear start to spread to his heart. If something happened to him--
Cas raises a curious eyebrow. “Was there a particular reason you thought he might need that kind of night?” It’s the first sign anyone has given of any distress on Ryan’s part.
Castiel frowned. When Donna had given him an explanation of Calornan marriage ceremonies, she had described the usual speeches made by the priest or priestess, and this was not among the themes she had listed. Glancing up at Dean, he saw the same confusion-- apprehension, even-- on his face.
They can hear the sirens approaching in the distance. There will be questions, and lies to answer them. Paperwork will be filed, and the town will be shocked. It will take them a long time to recover, but they’ll be alright eventually. They’re made of strong stuff here, Cas thinks, looking over at Donna.
Climbing wearily to his feet, he reached down to pull Castiel up. A flash of pain ran through him, but somehow, Void’s presence within them tempered it, making it bearable. “Come on, then,” he said. “We have a prophecy to fulfill.”
There’s another lengthy pause. Dean waits, rolling his head to the side to look over at Castiel. He just gave him a golden opportunity--
never works-- too open, too daunting. But you can learn a lot about a person from listening to them talk about the other people in their life.
In all the confusion, Dean had completely forgotten that Castiel had no idea what he’d been up to today. “Right.” He bit his lip. “So. Ruby got a tip about where Gadreel had been hanging out. Sam and his crew went in, Ruby and I followed them.”
“Let her go.” Castiel speaks before he is even aware he has made a decision. Samuel opens his mouth to protest, but Castiel cuts him off. “Do it.”
“Maybe,” Jack concedes. “But you both do your jobs extremely well, and the fact that Claire and I are standing here today is proof of that. Not only have you protected us from physical harm, but you’ve taught us many of the valuable lessons we will need as future rulers.”
Castiel took a moment to look at him, the way he rested against the bed with such ease, only the drumming of his fingers against the soft covers betraying his impatience. Memories of the last time they were here like this flashed through Castiel’s mind, and his breathing quickened as endless possibilities for tonight followed. Crawling across the bed, Castiel loomed above him, reaching down to entwine their hands as he captured Dean’s lips in another kiss.
Once Castiel adjusted, he began to move his own hand again, their gazes locked as they twisted and crooked and brought each other wicked, delicious delights. Sweat ran in beads down Castiel’s temples, a flush starting at his cheeks and running all the way down his chest. He looked decadent, debauched, and decidedly un-ducal. This was Castiel, stripped bare. And all for Dean.
Midway through the meal, his mother rose to her feet and raised her glass. Catching an inquisitive look from Anna, Castiel shrugged. It was customary for family members to make a toast to the newlyweds, but he hadn’t expected it of his mother.
They made a slow circuit of the market, all the vendors and buyers clearly delighted to see them. Dean took time to speak to all who approached him, and Sam did the same, engaging in lively discussions about the wares and the prospect of trading with Hiemere. Eventually, though, they were forced to politely disengage, with promises to return as soon as they were able.
But the halls of the castle are cold when walked alone, and Castiel came all this way clinging to the faint hope that he was not alone, that he was not the last. If he wanted to live on, solitary, he could have just stayed in his forest.
“I’m sorry for your loss,” Cas says instinctively. She nods her thanks, but doesn’t seem particularly interested in delving further into her own history, so he shifts back to the reason he came. “Now. Sheriff Hanscum informed me you were the one who found the body.”
This day was about Benny, though. Firmly pushing aside thoughts of Milton's well-shaped arse, Dean settled into his own carriage and gave the coachman direction to Silverton’s town house. He would see his friend through a likely awkward wedding breakfast, perhaps take the opportunity to draw Silverton into conversation and learn what sort of man he truly was, and soon enough, Milton would be safely ensconced in the country and swiftly forgotten.
Castiel narrowed his eyes at the young prince, the most feared Calornan military leader in generations. “Perhaps I will,” he said. “Though, unless your father has died and your elder brother has suddenly abdicated, we are no longer of equal rank.”
They have shared so many kisses over the years: kisses of passion, kisses of comfort, kisses of teasing and bright affection and shared need. Dean remembers them all, and has the overwhelming sense that all along, they have been leading to this moment, to this one kiss.
King James was in his prime, more than capable of looking after himself, but when that boar charged at him during a hunt, John Winchester threw himself into its path without a second thought. The king brought him back to the castle on his own horse, but John only lived long enough to see his wife and sons one last time before he died.
Castiel’s first impression of Carlisse is the overwhelming noise of it all. The road to the palace runs through the bustling city outside its walls, and it seems every last inhabitant has turned out to line the streets and watch the procession from Lorivale as it passes. He ducks inside the coach, hiding his face from the curious eyes, as Anna smiles and waves to the crowd. “Isn’t this wonderful?” she asks, eyes shining. “Such a warm welcome.”
He doesn’t mention what happens after that, and neither does Dean. They’ll cross that bridge when they come to it. For now, they have a plan, and shockingly, they didn’t even argue about it. Dean reaches down for his pack and swings it over his shoulders, then looks back at Castiel. “Let’s move out.”
She’s giving Dean a look of intense curiosity, but before he can offer any explanation, Sam comes clattering down the stairs from the upper level, nearly tripping over his long legs as he rushes towards Dean. “You’re here!” he says, smiling so broadly Dean worries his face might crack in two. “I thought Sarah was teasing me, but --”
They stood staring at one another, both radiating confusion and distrust. Slowly, Castiel’s breathing returned to normal, and with it his clarity of thinking. It was perhaps not the best way to have gone about this discussion, but it was an important one nevertheless.
“Incredible,” Castiel finished. “Yes. I know.” He curled in closer, then grimaced at the sticky mess on Dean’s lower body. “But even in this enchanted place, it is unfortunately messy.”
Understanding dawned on Castiel, and with it, another uncomfortable thought. “Now that I have been crowned--”
Cas laughs, and warmth spreads through Dean’s entire body at the sound. In one quick movement, Cas joins him on the bed, propping himself up on one elbow as he gazes down at Dean’s face.
Dean watched them make polite conversation, his heart sinking in his chest. Sam looked as though he was fast becoming attached to Milton in the way he always did with his friends. It would hurt him, Dean knew, when the connection between them was inevitably severed.
Sam frowned, shrugging. “We always intended for him to return home, to be crowned in his own hall and to take over from his regent. It is perhaps slightly earlier than anticipated, but with the delegation already here and his health in the balance, it only makes sense.”
“Step back,” the voice instructed. “Hands on the wall behind you. If you make any move, you will be dead before you have a chance to attempt escape.”
They continue north the next morning. Castiel is in the lead once more, breaking ground and clearing low-hanging branches and trailing vines from their path, leaving Dean free to scan the surrounding area for any signs that Claire and Jack might have passed this way.
Dean grins and strikes a pose, the gold trim on his green tunic shining in the light of the sun. “You’re just jealous because the Dyslander delegation is arriving today, and you know they’ll be too busy flirting with me to give you the time of day.”
Celeste reaches out and catches her easily around the waist, swinging her up into her lap as Aliette giggles. “No secrets from anyone in this house,” Celeste says with a laugh. “Yes,
He doesn’t ask them what they’re doing, but Cas feels compelled to explain regardless. “We’ve just been taking a stroll through the woods, looking for anything that might have been missed on earlier searches.”
He is weary, and the night air is cold on his delicate skin, but sleep eludes him. Soft, restless cries echo from the wagons around him, and though he cannot see their occupants, their distress is evident.
Dean let out a curse under his breath. He hadn’t exactly intended to let that detail slip, especially not in front of so many people. “Yeah. Uh. A friend of a friend got poisoned with dead blood the other night. They’re positive it was another vampire, because no one else could have gotten the drop on him.”
Dean lets out a soft, surprised sound. He licks his lips, eyes locked onto Castiel’s with a strange light burning behind them. “And now that you have succeeded,” he says, “now that you have freed your kin and broken Sam’s enchantment…” He trails off, hands flexing at his sides.
She shrugged, adjusting her messy bun. “Okay so far. Ellen doesn’t take any shit from me or anyone else, and I like that about her.”
“Cas?” Dean frowns at him, sinking into the plush armchair before the fireplace, running his fingers over the stain on its arm from where he spilled ink on it years ago. “Is everything alright?”
But that’s the problem. He isn’t. He likes Lisa a lot, and he wishes her nothing but the best. The person she’s talking about, though, the one to share her life with-- it isn’t going to be Dean.
Milton had the good grace to look remorseful. “I am aware of the consequence granted to me by my rank. I would extend it to you if it were at all possible.”
By the time he got everything crossed off his to-do list, he wasn’t even tired anymore. He was running on adrenaline, pacing around his living room and glancing out the window every five seconds to check the position of the sun. Castiel wouldn’t be awake quite yet. Not for the first time, Dean cursed the fact that he didn’t own a cell phone. He was tense and horny and all he wanted was to send a string of filthy texts to his smoking hot vampire-- something. They were past the point of casual hookups, especially after that conversation in the supply closet, but he still wasn’t entirely sure where they stood.
She looks up and gives him a small smile. “I hope so,” she says. She closes her book and follows him out of the library and towards the stairs. He doesn’t know Alex well-- she’s only been staying at the bunker for three months. Charlie told him a bit of her history, how she’d been held captive by a nest of vampires and escaped with the help of Sheriff Mills, then stayed with her for a few years until coming here. Cas has a great deal of respect for her, like he does for everyone who frequents the Roadhouse and the bunker, but he doesn’t really know what to say to her, so they walk in silence.
“I know.” Gadreel tilted his head to the side, inspecting Castiel closely. “Why does the young one concern you so deeply?”
Yawning, he stripped off his shirt as he extinguished the candles and made his way down to the lower level. Less cluttered than the main floor, it was home only to his king-sized bed, a large dresser, and the old wooden trunk he’d carried across countries and borders that no longer existed. He paused in front of it, tracing his fingers over the worn initials carved into its lid.
He flits back and forth between the drooping branches of the willow tree around him, anxious. If the other angels had left Tinathe, surely they would have told him. They would not have moved on without saying farewell, not unless they had no other choice. That meant they had not chosen to depart this land, but been forced to do so.
Cas shrugs. Honestly, he doubts the setting will matter. “I’ll text you closer to the day and we can decide?”
“Can I--” Dean lowers his hands to the hem of the sweatshirt Cas is wearing and hears his sudden intake of breath. “Can I take this off?”
“Synthetic blood might be a good one to pursue,” Sam offered. “The blood banks are having a tough time keeping up with the demand all of a sudden. The system might not stay viable for long if this goes on.”
Castiel shook his head. “Only you,” he said hoarsely. “Dean--” he let his hands drift downward until they rested lightly on Dean’s head-- “you’re certain?”
“I am rather terribly wealthy.” Castiel spread his hand against the surface of the bed. “Silk sheets don’t come cheap.”
“Are you tired of the rough ground?” Dean teases. “Too unyielding for you, after the comforts of my bed?”
“Only those who wish it,” she replied with a quick shake of her head. “We have won not only peace, Your Majesty, but a measure of freedom. I believe some of the soldiers will find surprising common ground in temple life, the community and the structure and even”-- a glimmer of humour sparkled in her eyes-- “the hierarchy.”
Winchester’s jaw tightened, and Castiel winced. It would likely be for the best if he could avoid mentioning the fact that he had intended to be long gone by now.
Reaching around his neck, Cas pulls off his rosary, fingers sliding over the smooth beads in a practiced motion as he murmurs under his breath. The familiar rhythm soothes him, but it’s still a long time before he manages to fall asleep.
Claire met Dean’s eyes, the shock and guilt there making her look younger than her years. She opened her mouth to say something, but Dean held up a hand to stop her. “Come on,” he said, pulling her gently to her feet. He cast a look over his shoulder at Castiel, who was still fighting the intruder. More than anything, Dean wanted to throw himself into the mix, but he needed to get the girls out of here. Castiel could handle himself, he knew.
Shaking her head, she lets out a long breath. “We found him at the edge of the woods.” Her shoulders are tense, her voice level. Cas admires the core of steel he sees in her, the strength below her sunny exterior. “Nothing big enough to do that usually comes so close to town. And he was torn up real good, but he was left there.”
The bored teenager on the other side of the desk confirms that they do have a few lanes still open, and Dean breathes a sigh of relief. He would have hated having to come up with a new plan at this point. The teenager directs them to lane six, and Dean flashes her a smile before placing his hand on Cas’ elbow and steering him towards their lane.
“Ah.” Castiel slips an arm around Dean’s shoulder and gathers him close. “Now that is a conversation I can contribute to.”
They have reached a small square, a charming fountain splashing merrily in its centre with benches arranged around it. Fortunately, no one else is occupying the space. Dean drops heavily onto the nearest bench, Castiel perching lightly beside him, the physical space he leaves between them a stark reminder of their situation.
A warm flush rose in Castiel’s cheeks. “You do realize we’re betrothed,” he said lightly. “Is it such a sin, to admire one’s intended when they display a previously unknown talent?”
“Sleep well, Castiel.” Dean stares straight ahead, ignoring the shuffling sounds of Castiel moving to his left. “I’ll wake you in a few hours.”
“Yes. I’m aware of that. But this goes so far beyond one person, Dean. If this alliance crumbles, the war will be even worse than it was before.” Castiel could hear the rising frustration in Sam’s voice. “If we lose him, we lose our greatest instrument of peace.”
“You can even tell them you crushed me completely, make them real proud,” Dean suggests. “And maybe the next time you visit them, or they come here, you can all bowl together again.”
Startled, Castiel blinked. “Kevin Tran?” he asked cautiously. Surely, the mastermind behind most of the Calornan military successes over the past few years could not be so--
“Of course,” Gadreel replied. “Bartholomew suffered a terrible defeat at the hands of--” He broke off, his eyes widening. “Naomi. Your maker.”
Castiel stepped forward. “To tell you this has gone on long enough. If Calorna and Hiemere can put aside centuries of enmity and learn to exist in harmony, then so can you and Void.”
A decidedly rakish grin spread over Castiel’s face. “Very well. May I dispense with these unnecessary impediments to doing just that?” He gestured to their breeches.
Acting on pure instinct, Dean grabs him around the waist and hauls him back. Castiel stumbles on a patch of uneven ground, losing his footing, and throws his arm over Dean’s shoulder to steady himself.
Castiel bit his lip, looking unconvinced, but pulled the ring off his finger before warily extending his hand once more. Gritting his teeth, Dean reached for it, and this time the cold hit him with the force of a sudden storm, leaving him bent over and gasping for breath. Castiel was no less affected, his shirt drenched with sweat and an angry red flush spreading from his hand up his arm.
Dean turns his back and starts shoving desks out of the way, clearing a patch of floor. He angrily balls up his fake FBI jacket and punches it into something resembling a pillow, then keeps punching until he’s made a mess of it and has to start all over again. He considers kicking off his own boots, but considering the way things are going, he’s unlikely to get any real rest before the shit hits the fan again. It’s probably best to be prepared.
The clouds were gathering directly above them. From there, a voice descended. It was neither low nor high, neither sweet nor sour, the most perfectly melodious voice Castiel had ever heard. The harmony of balance between Plenty and Void. “Look upon what you have made possible,” Being said.
They clink their glasses together, and Lisa holds his gaze as they take their first sips. When she puts her glass down, she sweeps her hair over one shoulder, then folds her hands on the table in front of herself. “I don’t know why I’ve been telling myself I couldn’t have this,” she admits. “It’s not like Ben is a baby anymore, he doesn’t need me every minute of every day. He’s perfectly happy to spend the night at his friend’s house. But some part of me just thought-- I’m a mom now, and Ben has to come first.”
It made a certain amount of sense. Under his father’s rule, Calorna had become more militarized than ever. Dean knew better than most how devoted his father had been to the war effort, and how other areas of the kingdom might have suffered for that devotion.
Castiel peers inside. The room is far smaller than the chambers he currently occupies, and he feels a pang of guilt at having turned Dean out of his own space. Before he can say anything, though, Dean holds up a hand. “I know what you’re thinking,” he says. “But you are our guest, and though you insist you have no title, you radiate nobility, Emmanuel. Our castle may have fallen into disrepair, but that does not mean our courtesy must fall with it.”
He did the extreme opposite of what Dean has done. He left his home, his friends, and his church behind him and took off as fast and as far as he could get. He lost himself in booze and dive bars and questionable decisions until he found something to give his life purpose once more.
Castiel didn’t care about any of the trappings, any of the official reasons. All that mattered was that Dean was here, at his side, riding into certain sickness. All for him.
He clears his throat and nudges Castiel’s boot. “Well. Since I figured it out on my own, eventually, I guess we don’t need to keep heading east.”
Dean continues to kiss his way down Cas’ chest as he unbuttons his shirt, revealing more and more of his skin. “How exactly does an aquarium worker get a body like this?” he murmurs, somewhere near Cas’ ribs.
The look of pure shock on Cas’ face might have made Dean laugh under less stressful circumstances. His heart pounded in his chest, but he forced himself to hold Cas’ gaze, to let himself be vulnerable.
Balthazar swept back in for two days, spent most of them sleeping and frantically typing in turn, then caught an early morning flight to Los Angeles with a connection to Hawaii to follow. Cas barely had a chance to say hello to him, let alone catch up, and the apartment feels quieter than ever now that he’s gone again.
Only moments later, that peace was shattered by a sharp whistle from Rufus. Castiel’s horse pranced underneath him, and he soothed her with a gentle hand on her neck. He could see Dean reach for the sword at his waist, and his own hand drifted back to his knife as he tensed, eyes scanning the rocks around them for signs of movement.
The combination of the whiskey and the darkness is starting to make Dean sleepy despite the fact that it’s only just after midnight. He drains the last few sips from his glass and places it on the table with a gentle thud. “Man, we should do this more often,” he says, head lolling back onto the couch cushions. “This is nice.”
He turns to Sam and Rowena. “We need to find it. We must move against it, before it moves against us.”
“You’re a baker. A bartender.” Castiel shook his head slowly. “What could you possibly know about that?”
“I’m so sorry,” Cas repeats. He looks down at the table, embarrassment heating his face. He didn’t mean to imply anything other than partnership in a teammate sense, but knowing how careful Dean has to be to negotiate the boundaries of whatever this is between them, it’s hard to imagine a more awkward thing to say.
He dressed carefully, reminding himself that it was a perfectly reasonable thing to do before a date and not necessarily a costume designed to attract or entice. His dark jeans paired nicely with the bright blue t-shirt under a casual black blazer. Looking in his mirror, he gave a satisfied nod and slid his wallet and keys into his pocket before leaving.
“Everything?” Dean repeats warily. Realistically, it makes sense for Cas to have talked to Balthzar about him, the same way Dean talked to Sam about Cas, but it still sets alarm bells ringing in his head as he replays all the possible things they could have discussed.
While Dean would retain his title, they had decided to combine their names following their official union. From this day forth, they would both bear the name Campbell-Allen, and any children of theirs would follow suit.
Sam and Rowena are waiting on the next level, both in dark robes. They nod gravely at him, and begin to climb.
“Yeah.” Dean nodded, his eyes burning. He took a deep breath and tried to control himself. “Yeah, of course.”
If Castiel said he would be there to greet the delegation, then he would. He was nothing if not stubborn, Dean had learned.
There’s so much Cas wants to say. Comfort he wants to offer. It’s a terrible story of loneliness, and Dean is still watching him like he half expects the gun to swing in his direction once more.
He gets to his feet and crosses the room to greet Hannah, who has walked to the door with Jimmy. “Good to see you,” he tells them. “I hope you had a pleasant evening.”
Cas waves a dismissive hand in the air. “It’s not as bad as it sounds. We’re both attracted to multiple genders, I knew that when we started dating. It wasn’t some case of retreating into the closet as part of a mid-life crisis or anything.”
It would sting more if it wasn’t the same argument Dean has had with himself over and over again. “I did,” he agrees. “And I did it for as long as I could. But I don’t have magic. I helped Sam learn control. I gave him time away from his spells so he could remember how to be a normal kid. But eventually, he needed more than that. Mom was the one who knew about magic, who understood it, even if hers wasn’t as strong.” He breaks off, throat tight. “They didn’t need me anymore.”
Rowena accepts his proffered hand, and Castiel falls into step behind them without a word. They climb the winding staircase in silence, and at the first landing, Rowena leaves them with only a slight incline of her head.
Letting go of his hand, she reached into her reticule and withdrew a small, glittering object. Reaching up, she fixed the pin to the centre of his cravat, then stepped back with a satisfied smile. “There. Perfect.”
Cas wears his grief like he wears that goddamned trench coat. It trails after him, ill-fitting and unflattering, covering him nearly from head to toe. He said he couldn’t even look at Belphegor, but Dean can hardly look at him. It hurts too much to see his pain and to know he’s the one who caused it.
She crinkled her delicate nose. “And the air around Rexford is filled with the scent of cows,” she pointed out. “It’s no more virtuous simply for the fact that it is the country, brother. It’s all a matter of what one is accustomed to.”
Suddenly, the trail evened out, and Dean’s breath caught in his throat at the sight before them. A forest, trees stretching high into the sky, their canopies formed of brilliant leaves in shades of red, orange, and yellow. A small animal chittered at them from one of the trees, then darted away. The rising breeze caught a leaf as it fell, and it drifted gently towards them. Castiel reached up and caught it gently, running his gloved hands over its edges.
Dean held a glass of water to his lips, and Castiel drank gratefully. “You must rest,” Dean said. “Your body needs to heal.”
“The roughest.” Dean grimaces and takes another sip of his coffee. Sam would say he’s being overdramatic, but Sam’s always had a better handle on his emotions. Dean is
“It is exactly that sort of disturbance we fear.” Billie picked up smoothly where Rowena had left off. “For as long as we have known, Plenty has held the advantage. Our very lands are testament to Plenty’s influence-- the extremes of our climates and the stark differences between them.”
“That husband of his?” Castiel repeated. Even for one so charmingly casual, it was a breathtakingly rude way to refer to another gentleman. “You truly do not care for Lord Silverton, do you?”
Cas grins, a slow, satisfied smirk that Dean has never seen on his face before. “Maybe,” Cas admits. “But I don’t need to be naked for what I have in mind first.”
Jack beams at him before rushing back to the dragon’s side. She sits up at attention and tilts her head to the side as Jack explains what they want. “He talks to dragons,” Dean says.
“Oh!” Charlie’s eyes widen, and without warning, she punches him in the shoulder. “Hey! Why wasn’t I invited?”
That normalcy is something he’s missed, ever since Inias left. That sense of routine. He has it at work, of course, as the days until the gala tick down and the interns start to panic at a predictable rate. But on a personal level, he’s still crashing in his best friend’s apartment, still barely socializing-- still wallowing, for lack of a better word.
Unconsciously, he wipes it away before it can roll down to blur his vision. It isn’t until the second drop lands on the back of his hand that the significance of it dawns on him. “Castiel,” he calls out. “It’s raining.”
Charlie raises one eyebrow at him, leaning over the counter with visible interest. “I didn’t realize you two were at the clothes-sharing stage yet. Or is it the leaving clothes at each other’s places stage?”
“Yes!” Dean exclaims. “Exactly!” He’s drunk enough by now that pretty much any alternative explanation or interpretation of Cas’ behaviour sounds appealing. “Who does that?”
“Oh.” Intrigued, Dean peered at it more closely. The previous duke was painted in his prime, perhaps in his early forties, with dark hair just beginning to turn grey at the temples. It was far more orderly than Milton’s, but Dean saw the same strong jawline, the same sharp brows. Milton’s father’s eyes were dark, though, and there was a tension in his lips that made him somewhat forbidding.
“So,” Charlie continues. “We’ve got one dead kid, who, as far as we can tell, nobody had a reason to want dead. We have a small town full of people who loved him, but no one who can tell us why he was out that night. We have a cooperative Sheriff and people who are generally willing to talk to you, but who don’t know anything that can help. And we have one mysterious recluse, who’s closer to the scene than anyone else, with no alibi for that night.”
He heads to the back corner, where the industrial ovens live, to check in on Benny instead. They’ve been friends since college, and Benny is hands-down the best baker Dean knows. The only reason he works with Dean instead of running his own bakery is because he hates dealing with paperwork, or so he says. Whatever the reason, Dean is grateful for it.
“They’re an organization dedicated to the fight against supernatural beings, but from a more academic perspective than hunters. They collect information, objects, anything with a connection to the weird. Charlie is the head of the American chapter.”
Dean waved a dismissive hand in the air. “You’ve already got backup. Even if it’s just information, Naomi is helping. I can get my brother to pitch in. He has contacts with the demons. And besides, you’ve got me.”
Fortunately, the book is absorbing, and Cas soon loses himself in the words. It isn’t until he hears Dean’s laptop click closed that he looks up and realizes that several hours have passed.
He looked up at Castiel, and he didn’t need to finish his sentence. Castiel already knew. Heart heavy with sorrow, he shook his head. “You have to do what’s best for you, old friend.”
And that’s how he finds himself perched on a stool at the end of the bar, trying to hide from Jo’s gaze while also politely rebuffing the advances of the admittedly appealing older guy a few seats down. It gets a little easier when a leggy blonde slides into one of the seats between them, throwing back whiskey like it’s water. Dean whistles, impressed, and is met with a flat stare. “No,” she says.
Castiel shook his head slowly, throwing one last look at the window and the broken waterfall it showed. “How far we have come from being enemies ourselves.”
And not just because he doesn’t do relationships. Because if there’s someone he wants to be that person for, it isn’t Lisa.
There’s no time for extended farewells. With a flurry of goodbyes and hopes to see each other again soon, Dean swings into the saddle and nudges his horse southwards, towards the castle and the waiting queen. He can feel Castiel’s eyes on his back, but now he knows the weight of that stare comes from concern, not from judgment.
Distantly, Dean hears Sam and Castiel talking, exchanging happy greetings of their own. Swallowing nervously, he approaches Sarah, who he remembers only as the girl Sam danced with at Anna’s nameday ball so many years ago. He makes her a low bow, his muscles remembering the motion despite years away from such courtesies.
Winchester opened his mouth, then closed it again, eyes hard. “He has given me little evidence to suggest he is anything other than an indolent spendthrift who cares only for his own happiness.”
It takes a moment for Dean’s words to register, for Cas to realize he isn’t talking about a cemetery outside a small church in Illinois. He’s talking about the Roadhouse and the bunker below it, and all the people who come and go from there. The family Cas has been blessed with, even if he’s been too proud to recognize them as such until now.
Smiling, Dean beckons him forward. “Mom, Sam, Sarah-- this is Castiel. Sworn Protector to Prince Jack.”
Castiel turned to look at him, expression grave. “Thank you,” he said softly. And then, like the sun breaking over the horizon, a smile gradually lifted the corners of his mouth. “And who knows? Perhaps one day you will see my home. After all, we are to be married.”
Castiel took a deep breath as he pushed open the door to the drawing room. He had managed to avoid his mother and sisters all morning by locking himself in his study and giving orders that he wasn’t to be disturbed, and even Hael, for all her impulsiveness, would not dare defy a direct ducal command. But now that his business with Lord Winchester was concluded-- or at least decided-- he supposed he couldn’t put off his family’s questions forever.
Dean crouches down on the floor beside them and gravely offers his hand to Aliette. She looks to Castiel for reassurance, and at his gentle smile, she places her tiny hand in Dean’s. “
Cas hastily concludes his sentence, shoves a brochure at the man who had been listening, and cranes his neck for a better look. He can’t decide whether he’s dismayed or elated when he realizes it is in fact Dean, gesturing excitedly as the shark moves across the tank in front of him.
He has. A few people in high school, a few others in crowded clubs over the years. Castiel likes kissing, likes the way it can feel like a natural continuation of a conversation. It’s just that he doesn’t like the assumption that a kiss is going to progress to other things.
It didn’t escape his attention that the newly-wed couple had scarcely exchanged a single word. The formalities concluded, Benny inclined his head towards Dean and said, “Thank you for being here today.”
The messenger nods again, and is half-sunk into a curtsey before she stops herself, eyes wide. Dean flinches and offers a tight smile as she rises, then closes the door firmly behind her.
They haven’t determined the exact time of Ryan’s death. Cas makes a mental note to shuffle that higher onto their priority list. He drums his fingers on the arm of the chair and continues to gaze at Dean. “So why didn’t you tell me this when I first asked?”
There was a slow but steady downwards slope to the ground in this direction. Dean shuddered as he imagined just how much deeper he could journey into the earth, the thought of so much rock and ashy air between himself and the surface not a comforting one. Even if he did find Castiel, how would they even begin to formulate a plan to leave this place?
Charlie doesn’t break stride, but she does give Cas a broad grin. “Alrighty then. Let’s get you settled in, then we’ll get everyone together for introductions and a thrilling rundown of the last month.”
Always with his reports. The notion that Kevin had been watching them for so long was disconcerting, even if was what had led to this hope of peace. The Hiemerians had never been able to establish a presence in Calorna for the purpose of gathering intelligence. Castiel wondered what else Kevin and his people had observed over the years, what secrets they had gleaned from their observations. He shivered slightly despite the heat of the room, and Dean made a motion as though to reach out, then drew back, frowning.
“Yeah, well, I already wasn’t living the life I thought I would have,” she said bitterly. She toyed with the edge of her braid, staring fixedly out the window. “Just one more disappointment. I should be used to them by now.”
He can’t really say the same for himself. Sighing, he switches to water, and as the bar clears out and Jo finally gets a chance to come talk to him, he gives her his best smile and says, “Is that back bedroom still available to crash in?”
Cas bites his lip. He doesn’t want to lie to Dean, really, but he doesn’t want to admit that he’s not actually interested in pursuing anything at this point, either. It might hurt Dean’s pride. On the other hand--
Dean takes one last look out at the view of the castle grounds and the surrounding countryside before retreating indoors to join them. “What is it, Garth?”
He won’t, but hopefully it will at least prove productive. True to her word, Jody keeps the most enthusiastic of the other guests away from Castiel’s table as he eats, steadily working his way through the roast chicken and potatoes. He can feel his body absorbing the nutrients, growing stronger with every bite, and he marvels at the strangeness of this human form, the intricacies of its inner workings.
Dean kissed him again before he could continue. In an impressive display of strength, he stood, dragging Castiel upright with him, and pressed him back against the altar. The solid wood dug painfully into Castiel’s back, but he didn’t care, couldn’t care, not when Dean was doing that fascinating thing with his tongue.
The choice was obvious. “Charlie, with me,” he said. “Benny, Victor, report to my brother in his office. I’m sure he’ll have plenty to keep you busy.”
“I can help you prepare.” Naomi sat perfectly upright, looking like she would be entirely unaffected no matter Castiel’s answer, but Dean could see her tension in the way she gripped the arms of her chair.
“Ah, yes.” Rowena gives him a sidelong glance, but beneath the amusement, there is something that resembles pride. “It is a difficult lesson to learn. And part of me still sorrows that you had to learn it this way. But if this is the result”-- she shrugs gracefully-- “then I cannot be entirely sorry for it.”
Milton ran one hand through his hair, an expression somewhere between irritation and remorse on his face. “Very well. Everything about this is unorthodox, but I suppose you deserve the dignity--”
It was indeed a tight squeeze, but one after the other, they made it through, emerging onto the banks of the frozen river, the waterfall looming above them. It was disquieting, realizing this path had existed for years without Castiel’s knowledge. He shivered as the cold hit him, but the discomfort paled in comparison with his relief at being free of the caves. Inside his mind, Void roiled, shrieking with rage, but Castiel ignored it.
“How very diplomatic of you.” Balthazar holds out his own empty wineglass, and Cas dutifully refills it before joining him in the living room. “Of course, you’ll be working all the days yourself, won’t you?”
Dean looks down at Benny, pulling his lower lip between his teeth. Benny gazes up at him, and some wordless conversation passes between them, in a language Castiel doesn’t speak. After a long moment, Benny drags his eyes away and looks back across the room at Castiel.
Cas shudders at his touch, his own hand sliding back up to rest on the top of Dean’s head. Encouraged, emboldened, Dean leans forward and flicks his tongue over the head of Cas’ cock. He chases the familiar taste of him, rich and deep and unearthly, sliding his hand back to brush over Cas’ balls as he takes him further into his mouth.
“You’re saying it is only you and your father, alone in this vast fortress?” Rowena’s voice is heavy with disbelief.
Dean gapes at her for a moment, completely caught-- well, off-guard. “You don’t have to thank me, Your Highness.”
“The next full moon is a week away.” She looks back at him, eyes determined. “We’re going to figure out who’s behind this before then, Agent.”
His eyes were wide, his lips parted, swollen from their kisses. “Can I touch you?” Dean asked. Pleaded, more like.
“Come on,” he whispered. He didn’t want to break Castiel’s concentration, but he couldn’t hold back the words. “Come on, Cas.”
Dean’s muffled curse rang in his ears as he strode away, but there was an edge of laughter in his voice as he called out, “You really do have the trademark on dramatics, don’t you?”
“Well.” Anna fiddled with a fold of her gown, eyes suspiciously bright. “Your betrothal has certainly brought you a new level of maturity.”
“Did Zachariah make another speech about the glorious future of the company that made him sound like a Bond villain?”
It looked exactly the same as it had the day they helped bring it into existence, except for one small detail: the gleaming marble temple that now sat on its shore, pillars rising up to meet the cloudless sky.
He looked so adorable that Dean simply had to kiss him. Then, reluctantly, he pulled away and crossed the room to the table. Opening a small drawer on its side, he withdrew a small bottle of oil and presented it smugly to Castiel.
From this height, he can everything: the road that led him here, the river they crossed, the thatched roofs of the houses and barns in the outlying villages. It is an impressive view, but Castiel cannot imagine what about it holds the king’s attention, day after day, year after year.
They’re quiet as they set up their camp, but they move around each other with practiced ease. It’s only been a handful of days, somehow, but Dean feels like he and Castiel have been wandering these woods for a lifetime.
Dean opens his mouth, then shuts it again. He peers out the window beside the door and doesn’t see Cas’ crappy gold monstrosity of a car in the driveway. “Did you
Still grumbling, Castiel shifts into a more comfortable position, letting his heart rate settle as he absorbs what just happened. It felt good, undeniably so. But not really any better, just different, than when he gets himself off. The end result was the same, and maybe if a romantic bond were present, he could see the difference really making an impact, but for him--
He doesn’t know much about the format of this trivia night, but two people does seem awfully small for a team. A group outing likely wouldn’t fit within Dean’s framework, but just in case--
“Lisa,” she says, her smile widening. Her hand is soft but strong in his, and she doesn’t seem at all bothered that he offered a handshake instead of a kiss on the cheek or something else. “Thanks for meeting me.”
“And how will that be any better for me?” Gadreel shook his head. “What benefits will that bring me?”
Cas shakes his head. “I don’t know.” It doesn’t add up perfectly, not yet, but he knows he’s right. He hasn’t been a hunter long, but his instincts are sound. “Theo said Tom was the first one to take them to Caribou when they turned twenty-one. That was just over two years ago. Right around the time of the other killings.”
Normally, he would hit the road and not look back. It’s what he did two nights ago. But he has a case to work, and a responsibility to someone other than himself. Ryan’s family and friends deserve him working at his best, not sleep-deprived and shaking. From a purely practical standpoint, it will also be far easier to pass himself off as an FBI agent if he looks competent and well-rested.
“Not really.” Benny shakes his head fondly. “Getting answers out of Dean is like pulling teeth sometimes, especially when it’s anything remotely personal.”
“It was a surprise.” Castiel looks across the room to where Naomi is now talking to Sarah, beaming down at Elinor’s tiny form. “Do you know how I found the courage to approach her?”
“You have nothing to apologize for,” Dean says fiercely, whirling to face him. “It is my fault, for presuming too much.” He laughs, but his eyes are still clouded with pain. “I have been alone for so long, Emmanuel. And then you arrive, with your silence and your stillness, and your eyes that a man could drown himself in, and gladly. With your occasional but cutting wit, with your stories that make me feel as though the world is so much wider than I have ever understood it to be. With your secrets, and your lies, and the pain at the root of them that I wish I could rip out with my bare hands.”
Forty-five minutes later, he settles onto the couch with a bowl of cheesy goodness, a beer, and his phone, already open to his preferred dating app. When he first started this whole thing, he flipped between a few different platforms, but it got hard to manage, and now he’s really only active on Tinder, since it seems to be the most popular dating app for the moment.
Cas gives his question serious consideration. “Not too many on the side-streets, but I cut into the park for a few minutes and then right back out. No concept of social distancing there.”
A piercing shriek spills from the darkness’ throat as Castiel expands in its grasp. He is growing larger by the second, burning pure white with the heat of his resolve.
Opening his eyes, he climbed further up the slope of the mountain, careful to test each step before allowing his full weight to settle on it. Dean muttered something highly uncomplimentary under his breath but followed after him, even more slowly and cautiously. Risking a backwards glance, he saw Sam and Rufus organizing the others into small groups, spreading across the base of the mountain but remaining within sight.
Though there’s no hint of a rebuke in her words, Cas feels a sting of guilt. He’s been assigning so much blame to Dean simply because of his reclusiveness, and it really isn’t fair. But he still can’t shake the feeling that there’s something the Winchester brothers aren’t telling him, something about the reasons they came here and the reasons Sam left and Dean stayed.
Dean was not entirely sure how to answer that. He was set to marry a stranger, someone who by all rights should have been his enemy. Someone, as it turned out, he could not even touch without excruciating pain. And yet he did not view the upcoming marriage with resentment, or even nervousness. Despite their brief acquaintance, he was assured that he and Castiel had a great deal in common. Besides, it would be a mere formality, and it would not be long before Castiel returned to his own kingdom. Even if they could only manage to tolerate one another, it would be enough to secure the treaty and to build a new relationship between their kingdoms.
Fleeing the scene of her crimes? It looks more and more likely. On a full moon, her strength would have been greatly increased. But Cas doesn’t recognize the name at all, and he’s fairly certain she doesn’t live in Sydnam. So even if she were responsible for these deaths, it brings him no closer to understanding why Ryan Garland died so horribly.
Dean cursed himself for his clumsiness. “No,” he said firmly. “Not at all.” He blew out a noisy breath and leaned against the sun-warmed brick of the building beside them. “I had an interesting conversation with Rowena last night.”
In two strides, he closed the distance between them and swept Castiel into his arms. The thick layers of fur and wool between them prevented any accidental contact, so Dean could hold his husband as close as their garments allowed, taking in the warmth and solidity of him. His eyes were bracketed by fine lines, his jaw set tight, but he still smiled, the small, private smile reserved for Dean alone.
He flinches, but holds his ground. King John stares at him, a faint frown hovering over his features, before letting out a slow, deep exhale. “You may stay,” he says, turning away. “All of you. In the morning, Sam, you will explain where you have been these past five years, and why you have returned now with such...” His gaze flickers between Castiel and Rowena before he concludes, “Interesting companions.”
Castiel lets out a soft gasp at the feeling of Dean’s lips against his hand. Dean draws back, startled, hurt flashing across his features. He moves to drop Castiel’s hand, but Castiel holds it tightly, staring up at him.
His truck is cold inside after the warmth of Dean’s little house, and Cas sits there for a minute, considering his next move. He needs to learn more about Ryan’s movements on the day of his death, and the best person to discuss them with would probably be his former roommate. But what Dean said about Benny also weighs on his mind, and as if on cue, his stomach rumbles, reminding him it’s been hours since he last ate. The diner it is, then.
“Of course,” Castiel says. His hand, still resting on Dean’s arm, travels downward to brush lightly against his wrist, and Dean shivers. “We will need your expert opinions as to our own apparel at some point, but that can wait.”
Once Sam has put out the fire and sparked it again one more time, Rowena nods. “Enough for tonight,” she says, sinking to the ground and holding her hands over the flames. “Tomorrow, we will cross into Kartovale.”
Cas wants to protest, to say he doesn’t need taking care of, to say he’s perfectly capable of doing so on his own. But Jimmy is quite possibly the only person who would see through that bluster in an instant, so it isn’t even worth pretending. Instead, he just shrugs and takes another sip of his tea.
It feels strange, at first, to smile, but Castiel does so regardless. “I would appreciate that. I have little coin, but if you wish, I can entertain your guests with a tale. I am a storyteller by trade.”
Dean grins easily at him, knocking his shoulder against Castiel’s as he passes him. “You won’t mind if I take the lead, then.”
Letting out a slow breath, Castiel forced himself to consider it rationally. Balthazar was right-- if anyone would have any insight to offer, it would be Naomi. But he hadn’t seen his maker in over a hundred years, and he preferred to keep it that way. Their relationship was an uneasy one, to put it mildly.
“Okay.” Dean holds up his hands. “Let’s think about it for a few minutes, alright?” He waits until Claire relaxes and opens her eyes, though she still looks braced for a fight. “You’re not a child anymore, Claire.” He nods in Jack’s direction. “And neither are you.”
Donna bites at her lower lip before replying. “John Winchester didn’t spend much time in town. Didn’t talk much, either. It must have been tough for him, raising those boys on his own, but I never saw him look at another woman. Still wore his wedding ring and all. And then one day, he was just gone.”
“Somebody will have to give me directions, then.” Cas looks over his shoulder and smiles at them. “I have no idea where I’m going.”
“Nice of both of you to show up, actually.” This close, Tom’s grin is terrifying. “One to eat, and one to turn. The question is, which will be which?”
They’re saved from an uncomfortable silence by Ash tapping on the microphone. “Alright, esteemed guests, we have our winners!” There’s a round of cheers from the audience, a hush falling as they all strain to listen. “In third place, we’ve got team Trivia Killed the Radio Star!”
Castiel does not answer, still reading. After a long moment, he puts the letter down and passes a hand over his face. It’s trembling, Dean notices with some dismay. He leaves his seat and crouches down beside Castiel, laying a gentle hand on his arm. “Castiel. Please. You’re frightening me.”
He hears a door closing somewhere down the hall. The motel walls are thin, and it’s exactly the sort of place where guests would be coming and going at this time of night. Most of the time, Cas would be keeping similar hours, but he wrapped up a case in Minneapolis the night before and is just passing through on his way back to Kansas. It isn’t home-- there’s no such thing as home for people like him-- but the bunker is as good a place to spend his downtime as any.
Dean watches them as well, a wistful smile playing about his lips. “He’s grown up,” he says, quiet enough to not be overheard. “And I missed so much of it.”
“Three days,” Castiel repeated, stunned. Beside him, Dean exhaled slowly, mouth tightening. “And in that time--”
Closing the door behind him, Cas lets out a deep breath. If only his phone weren’t broken beyond repair, he could at least use this time to do something productive, like go over some of his notes on the case. He barely spared a thought for it the day before, letting himself be distracted by the appealingly domestic scenes he and Dean were playing out.
“You took Void into yourself through the force of your own will,” Rowena explained. “Just as you expelled it, King Castiel. We are people of the lands created by Plenty, and as its kings, that power is strongest with you. It was enough to wrestle Void into submission, but will not be enough to hold it. For that, we need Plenty.”
Castiel nodded, seemingly unaware of the effect he was having on Dean. “There is a council meeting this afternoon, yes?”
As they descended the mountain pass into Hiemere, the drop in temperature seemed less extreme than usual. Charlie wrapped another layer of fabric around herself, but she frowned as she did, selecting only the second-heaviest cloak from her pack. “Is it not normally colder than this?” she asked.
Risking a look in Castiel’s direction, he sees more confusion on his face than anything else. “I don’t have any skill myself,” he continues. “But my mother does. And so does my brother.”
It’s Cas’ hand, reaching out for his, that brings him back to reality. Dean shudders, his heart rate settling, and turns onto his side, tucking his head into the crook of Cas’ shoulder. Cas doesn’t care if he makes a mess. He can just wave his hand, and they’ll be neat and tidy again.
Shrugging, Milton made a show of inspecting the backs of his hands in a gesture that would have looked more at home on Balthazar. “Our betrothal, such as it is, will be coming to an end soon, will it not?” He did not allow Dean time to reply. “And you told me you still hoped to have prospects for marriage afterwards. I merely think it inadvisable to flaunt yourself so brazenly if you hope to make a genuine connection with someone in the future.”
“I think I ought to give your people a true spectacle.” It was not at all what he intended to say, but the words slipped out before he could pull them back. On the field below them, attendants were clearing the targets from the archery contest and setting up for the sword-fighting portion of the tournament.
“I don’t just mean the gold and the shiny things,” Rufus says, shaking his head. “I mean the loss of everything you’ve ever known, everything and everyone you’ve ever loved.”
Cas bites his lip. “I didn’t know if I had the right,” he says quietly. “The way I left things, Dean…”
It was stupid, but that was what hurt the most. That he hadn’t been enough to call Castiel back to himself.
The voice revealed itself to belong to a slight young woman, her red hair glinting like fire in the bright light. In one hand, she carried a flask of water, and in the other, a wickedly sharp blade pointed directly at him. Castiel held himself still, eyes locked on hers. Apparently satisfied with his cooperation, she placed the flask on the ground and beat a hasty retreat.
It isn’t until he’s back in the apartment, flopping onto the bed that’s starting to feel like his own, that Cas pulls his phone back out to find a string of increasingly indignant messages from Balthazar.
“You mean, if we landed at a distance?” Dean shakes his head. “It’s too risky. Too many farms and villages around the palace. I don’t want Cimorene getting hurt.”
There is no ceremony when they roll into the palace courtyard now. Castiel is down from the carriage in a flash, throwing himself into Dean’s fierce hug with a glad cry. He pulls away, noting the spray of new freckles across Dean’s nose and the way his eyes are now only level with Castiel’s chin.
“Indeed.” Castiel looked at him again, the lines around his mouth and the shadows behind his eyes. If he understood correctly, Dean had not left his side for the past three days. It was a terrifying, humbling thought, one he did not have the proper words to address.
Rowena cleared her throat, once again dressed in her ceremonial gold robes, and raised her arms above her head. “We gather here today to mark a momentous occasion,” she said, voice rich and clear. “For not only is this a union of two persons, but of two kingdoms.”
“Very well.” Castiel folds his hands in front of himself and clears his throat. “Once, long ago, there lived a princess in a high tower by the sea. She was beautiful and clever, but she was lonely, for she had been imprisoned there by a jealous stepmother.”
“We have made our visit to Hiemere,” Dean said. “And they have done the same. The boldest among our merchants have begun to cross the mountains. What else do you suggest we do?”
Balthazar’s own eyes go equally wide, and he seems to have difficult speaking, an unusual state for him. “Of course,” he says softly. “I would be honoured, mademoiselle.” He looks at Dean and Castiel and waves his hand at them “Away, my friends. The young lady has made her preferences known, and you are no longer needed here.”
Castiel breathed a sigh of relief as the footman took his hat and gloves. “Is Her Grace at home?” he inquired.
“Mmn-hmn,” Castiel replied, unconvinced. The carriage was rolling down the drive, slowing to a halt as they approached the house. “Are you certain you’re going to be awake enough to do our wedding night proper justice?”
The next morning, Dean bade Charlie a brief but emotional farewell as she set out from the castle. Her escorts were unknown to Dean, but they looked both capable and clever, which reassured him. Charlie threw him a crisp salute as she swung onto her horse’s back, and Dean watched with both worry and pride as she led the Hiemerians out the gate and back east towards the pass to Calorna.
It’s to his surprise, then, when he walks into the apartment after a long day at work and finds Balthazar grinning at him from the kitchen island, phone in hand. “Cas,” he announces, “I have found the perfect solution to your problem.”
“I don’t want you to look at me that way either,” Castiel replied. “Dean, so much of the reason I’m staying-- it’s you.”
It only takes two more rough thrusts before Castiel follows him, his entire body lighting up with the pleasure of release. He shudders as his orgasm crashes over him, overwhelmingly intense, then slumps forward onto Dean’s chest.
“I don’t mind.” Castiel gives her a grateful nod. “I’ve been travelling for some time. I’ll enjoy the company.”
Giving Dean enough time to pull back, he reached out and refolded Dean’s hands, covering the sight of blood. Then he raised them to his lips and pressed a tender kiss to the back of each hand before releasing them and settling back on his heels. “I swear it,” he said again.
Dean smiled, though his heart truly wasn’t in it. There was so much pride in his mother’s eyes, the satisfied look of a woman who only wanted happiness for her children and was certain they were on the path towards it. It would break her heart when he and Milton ended their engagement, he knew, but surely she would understand in time.
Rising to his feet, Cas extends a hand to Camille. “Thank you for your time, ma’am. And let me say again how sorry I am for your loss.”
“And done.” Charlie tucked her hair behind her ears and raised one eyebrow at Dean. “Your turn.” She looked at Castiel, who was still hovering beside Dean, and gave him a polite smile. “Do you mind giving us a moment?”
“I am not your friend,” Castiel tells him. It is a simple matter, to project his voice into the man’s mind. “Release me at once.”
“Whatever.” Dean sighs and gestures lazily to the house. “I can tell you’re in a mood, so let’s get this over with.”
Crossing his arms over his chest, Cas matches her stare. “I figured I would see you at dinner, and we could go over the case then, so I would only have to tell the story once.”
A wry smile appears on the man’s lips. “I hate to contradict a being of such enormous power,” he says, “but you are an angel. Those wings may be false, but they are a distraction, nothing else. I can see beneath them, to the power and truth of what you are.” He offers a low bow, then, more courtly than Castiel would expect from one dressed so humbly. “My name is Samuel, and like Magnus, I have some skill in the magical arts.”
Tracy takes the seat across from him and grins. They worked a few cases together when Dorothy broke her ankle and couldn’t hunt, and she’s tougher than she looks. If Cas were at all interested in finding a permanent hunting partner, she’d make a good one. But she and Dorothy are a solid team, and Cas is happy on his own.
So Dean just holds Cas’ gaze and nods, a brief dip of his head. An acknowledgment, and maybe a goodbye. Then, with a deep inhale, he turns and leaves the restaurant.
Dean isn’t about to argue with that. A few more deep thrusts, Castiel’s mouth hot and wet against the side of his neck, and Dean succumbs, his pleasure crashing over him like the waves of the sea on the shore. He shudders through it, blinking up at Castiel through dazed eyes, barely managing to croak out, “Your turn.”
Milton bit his lip, sending a vivid memory of its pillowy softness through Dean’s mind. “Is there someone?” he asked carefully. “Someone you care for?”
He did not look pleased about it in the slightest, and Castiel could not blame him. Watching over the captured prince of Hiemere was surely not a desirable assignment. So he did not scold Victor for his rudeness, merely inclined his head and set his cup aside. “I am ready when you are.”
“Now,” the queen says briskly. “Off to bed with you. You’ve had a long day-- or week-- and you must wish to bathe and rest.”
Castiel tilted his head to the side, enjoying the way the shadows cast Dean’s cheekbones into prominence, the way the light from the house spilled into the carriage to reflect in his green eyes. “Do you want me to?”
The door creaked open, and Dean whirled to meet the subject of his mental tirade, now dressed simply in a white shirt and buff breeches, his hair still slightly damp and tousled from a towel.
But no. He doesn’t want to go listen to music he hates, surrounded by people he doesn’t know, and lose himself in whiskey and empty flirtation. He just wants--
The castle continues to frustrate him. For every door that opens to his touch, two more are locked, and Castiel spends half his days wondering what secrets lie behind those wooden barriers. He could ask Sam or Rowena for a spell to open the locks, but he finds himself resenting the thought of requiring their aid once more. This is his mission, after all, and his responsibility. They are doing enough, with their research and their practice. He will not ask any more of them.
She slips her arm through his and tugs him forward, Dean and Castiel falling into step behind them. “No, I don’t think so,” Jack replies, giving the question more consideration than expected. “We’re all unique people, with unique sensibilities and personalities and preferences. We might be similar to others in some regards, but there will always be something that sets us apart.”
“Sure.” Sam shrugs. “I don’t doubt that. But I think the fine citizens of Kansas City will be just fine without the special services of Dean Winchester, emotional hooker.”
“She chose you for a reason,” Castiel replies. He draws nearer, circling playfully around Dean’s head. “As did I.”
The most Cas can do is his best to be gracious. After all, he was the one who was foolish enough to go wandering around in the woods at night in a snowstorm. Dean saved him, and Cas refuses to be more of a burden than he already is. “That would be nice,” he says.
Dean smiles, though his eyes are still shadowed with grief. “I told you about our old retainer, the one who stayed longer this most. This is him.”
She nods, a hint of a smile curving her lips as she speaks a strange word and the grass around her flares blue for an instant before settling back to its usual green. They’d planned this the night before: using her magic, Kaia would leave a trail visible only to Jack and Castiel that would lead them to the Campbell farm.
Just on the other side of the rise, there’s a fallen tree, not as large as the one they cleared from the road all those years ago but still tall enough, even on its side, to provide some shelter. Castiel nods in satisfaction and drops his satchel to the ground with a sigh. Laying down a cloth to keep off the worst of the mud, he folds his body down and rests his back against the dead tree, closing his eyes.
It took all of Castiel’s considerable self-control not to flinch at the words. “I would prefer to avoid that eventuality.”
Two sets of blue eyes narrowed, and Dean bit back a laugh. “What do you know about that?” Castiel asked.
Blinking rapidly, he turns back to Castiel. He’s hovering just at the edge of the trees, watching Dean with a strange look on his face. Something cautious, curious-- Dean can’t be sure. He clears his throat and pats the satchel over his shoulder. “We’re running low on supplies. Not that I doubt your ability to find us water again, especially now, but while we’re here, it might be a wise time to fish.”
Winchester cursed under his breath. “I suppose I should thank you for being more discreet,” he said, stepping away to run one hand through his hair. He glanced down at the gardens, where a few torches flickered along the unoccupied paths. “But I note that was an objection to the locale rather than the event itself.”
“You’re not,” Cas snaps, pushing himself off from the desk. “You told me so yourself. You’re angry, Dean. You’re always angry, I know, but this--” He slashes an impatient hand through the air. “This is our lives.”
“It isn’t about angels, not exactly.” Sam pushes a small, worn volume towards Castiel. “But it is about that
A chorus of polite replies and smiles assured him no feelings were injured, and Castiel swept out of the room after the butler. What on earth was Mrs. Mills doing here? Her inn was several hours’ ride away, and she didn’t seem the type to take an unplanned trip--
Clearing his throat, Crowley nodded in satisfaction. “That ought to be fun,” he remarked. “And I believe it is my cue to leave. I have a new soul to welcome to Hell, after all.”
There is no reply that Dean can offer that could possibly convey the depth of his feelings. Castiel has always been the one to whom words come easily. So instead, Dean raises his face and pours all of his love into his kiss, knowing that Castiel will recognize it for what is is.
How long he stands there, he does not know. He closed the door behind himself, cutting off the music, so when it suddenly spills out onto the balcony again he whirls, fists clenched and angry words springing to his lips.
“Ah, the follies of youth,” Balthazar said with a shake of his head. “You were at Cambridge with my husband, were you not, Winchester? Surely you have some tales to tell of your own misadventures.”
Out of all the explanations Dean could have given, that one would never have occurred to Cas. He starts to reply, then closes his mouth. Anything he could say would feel hopelessly inadequate. He knows so little about Dean’s family history, other than the fact that it’s shrouded in mystery and long-buried pain.
“Of course.” Castiel nodded and gestured to the Hiemerians, who had seated themselves at the far end of the table. “You have met Billie and Hannah. Joining them are Max and Alicia.”
She nods again, stepping aside to allow them entry. “You’ll likely find them in the nursery,” she says. Her eyes soften as she glances up at the castle’s highest tower. “She’s perfect, Dean. And considering the size of Sam, surprisingly tiny.”
“Make the suggestion to the council. They may have reservations about it, but they cannot prevent us from issuing the invitation.” Dean grinned at him and was pleased to see an answering smile spread across Castiel’s face. “It is, in some ways, good to be king.”
Dean lets out a deep breath. “Alright, then. We continue west through the woods until we’re near the road south. Watch for any further clues. We make our next decision there.”
Castiel shakes his head. “She knows yours, I can promise you that. Go on.” He watches in amusement as Sam takes a deep breath and squares his shoulders, then weaves his way across the dance floor towards the girl. A moment later, he hears a huff of soft laughter as Dean comes to stand beside him, observing Sam’s slightly awkward bow.
“Your papa was five years older than me,” Castiel begins. “When we were very young, he had little interest in a brother so much smaller, who could not play the same games as him.” Dean notices that he makes no mention of Lucien-- perhaps because he does not wish to burden Aliette with that story, or perhaps because it is too difficult for him to speak of, even now. “But one day, I had been chasing after him as he went out riding, I forgot to lock the gate on the stables, and one of the horses got loose. My father was angry, and when he demanded an explanation, Michael told him it was his fault, that he had been careless. My father was angry with him instead of with me, and when I asked him about it later, he told me it was his responsibility to look out for me, since I was so much younger than him.”
“You fell asleep before the last fight,” Dean explains quietly. “You looked so peaceful, and it was pretty late, so I figured I’d let you sleep. I’m sorry.”
Thank you so much for reading! Please remember to leave some love for Aceriee and her stunning artwork on
“You have to earn your place in my old rooms somehow.” Castiel dropped him a mocking bow. “With your leave?”
Dean snorts with laughter. “I like you already,” he declares. “Which is probably a good thing, seeing as you’re going to be my sister-in-law. Sorry I haven’t had the chance to get to know you until now.”
It takes a few minutes for Benny to reply, but Dean finishes all his other jobs in the meantime. When his phone beeps, he swallows back his disappointment at Benny’s message.
They don’t find any other traces of Jack and Claire or anyone else. Birds observe them from their perches high in the trees, and one startled rabbit darts across their path when they wander too close to its burrow, but otherwise, they’re alone.
“I want to go out with you,” Dean answers promptly. “Again. Or for the first time, depending on how you look at it.”
Cas looks up, startled, and Dean carefully avoids his gaze. “I’m sure all your textbooks and stuff are closer at hand in there but if you ever want a change of scenery”-- he shrugs-- “the living room or dining room table are fair game. I’m not the one still trying to be a productive member of society while all this is going on.”
Naomi lets out a slow breath and raises one hand to cup Castiel’s cheek. “Is it too late?” she asks.
She shook her head. “You can only do the best you can with the circumstances you have been given. There is wisdom in you, young as you are, and great strength. I believe you are being tested for a reason, Castiel, though I cannot yet see what that reason may be.”
Holding Castiel’s gaze, Dean slid the black gloves over his own hands, then reached out to stroke one gloved fingertip across Castiel’s palm. Castiel shivered at the cool slide of the silk over his sensitive skin, but it seemed the fabric was barrier enough to prevent the caress from causing any pain.
Once they’re seated at the table, the one Dean built for them so many years ago, Castiel extends his legs and brushes his foot against Dean’s. Dean smiles despite himself and presses back, that point of contact offering immeasurable comfort against his troubled thoughts.
“Jack.” His cousin stepped forward immediately, youthful face creased in concern. “Your teachers at the academy, might they be able to fashion some sort of purification system? A filter, perhaps?”
There’s a terrible pause as Dean puts the pieces together, and Cas opens his eyes in time to see the horror in Dean’s, the same horror he feels. “No,” Dean says. “No, it can’t be. His own kid?”
Benny is lounging in a patch of sun, carefully fletching a bundle of arrows. Dean grabs one from the pile beside him and inspects it closely, letting out a low whistle as he does. “Impressive,” he comments.
“Thank you for this announcement,” Castiel says, his voice steady. “It is a relief I would not have anticipated being so great, to be known for who I am and where I have come from. However--” he casts a look up at Amelia and Claire-- “if I may, I will take this opportunity to declare before you all that I have no interest in the throne. I remain, as ever, a devoted servant to Prince Jack, to Dysland, and to my family, but I have no desire to channel that devotion into ruling.”
“I’ve done plenty of giving for the day,” Dean points out. “Or taking. Depends on how you look at it, I guess. Either way.” He points at the stoplight ahead of them. “Left up there.”
“And maybe since then, I’ve just been trying to keep as many variables out of my life as possible,” Lisa continues. “Always telling myself I don’t want to mess with our routine, I don’t want Ben to feel threatened by me dating someone, but really--” she takes another long sip of wine--”I’ve just been afraid.”
He chooses his weapons with equal consideration. His gun is loaded with silver bullets, and he has a silver knife as well. Tucked inside his boot is the small vial of holy water he never goes hunting without, just in case. He slides his phone into a zippered pocket of his coat and takes one last look around the motel room before flicking off the lights.
. My old buddy Garth is a werewolf, Kaia at the bakery is a dreamwalker, my best friend Charlie is an enchantress-- the list goes on.”
The only thing that still gives Cas pause is the uneasy relationship between Jimmy and Claire. They dance around each other, speaking very little, but Cas observes the looks of yearning on both of their faces every time the other’s back is turned. He’s tried talking to Claire about it, but despite the progress they’ve made in their own relationship, she shuts him down the instant he broaches the subject.
“Castiel?” he called, realizing too late that it might not be wise to announce his presence so boldly.
Crowley gave him a sidelong look, but didn’t comment on his disrespect. “Gadreel isn’t the mastermind behind this. He’s just the muscle.”
He settles onto the couch, reaching out to stroke his hand through Cersei’s soft golden fur. He’ll have to lock her out of the bedroom, which she probably won’t appreciate. As though sensing the direction of his thoughts, she raises her head and glares at him, butting against his palm. “Sorry, girl,” he murmurs. “I can assure you, it will more than likely be the last time this will happen.”
Her grin fading, Charlie’s eyes go stern. “Did you know he worked at the aquarium before you went there?”
“I suppose not,” Castiel said slowly, then sent a great wave of water splashing into Winchester’s face.
If that wasn’t a signal, Castiel didn’t know what was. He cut off any further words with a deep, open-mouthed kiss that left them both slightly unsteady. Fortunately, the bed was right there to catch them, and they tumbled onto it together, hands roving over each other’s bodies as they fell.
“I do, though,” Jimmy says firmly. “I don’t know what Claire and I would have done without you. You came in and took charge and took care of us like you always do, and I was too wrapped up in my own grief to think about how much it was costing you.”
Castiel holds himself perfectly still, the pose of one confronted by a predator and hoping to escape its attention. Slowly, the smile fades from the king’s face, and only a strange weariness remains. “Leave me,” he commands, that note of authority in his voice once more.
“Something like that.” Castiel stops suddenly, and only years of sword-trained reflexes keep Dean from crashing into his back. “Aha.”
Without fear, the alimpia approaches him, and Castiel raises his hand to greet it. It huffs lightly against his palm, then turns to press its head into his caress. “Where did you--” he asks, voice hushed.
Cas can’t help  but agree. He lifts his hand and watches as Dean waves back, not barging in to defend him but making it clear he’s there if Cas needs him.
“Yes,” Cas breathes. He rises to his feet in one graceful movement, making it easier for Dean to pull the jacket down his body. He lays it on the back of his chair alongside his own, then returns to the matter of Cas’ shirt.
It’s the shocking vulgarity that convinces Dean. Snorting a laugh, he sits back down. “Alright then. Yell if you need me.”
“What are you doing here?” Dean asked. It probably wasn’t the best idea to be so rude to such a powerful vampire, but he couldn’t bring himself to care.
He shook that thought aside. While it was the driving force behind his presence here tonight, he had no wish to let it consume him. He would not think of what it might be like to have Milton on his arm, to exchange amused glances with him over the heads of some of the sillier young lords and ladies, to dance with him and feel the heat of his body so near.
Dean leaned forward, then recoiled the moment Marv began to speak. His voice was nasal, whining and grating at the same time. “I have nothing more to say,” he declared, which seemed like a bit of a contradiction to Dean. “I have fought for my vision, and it has not been brought to reality.” He shrugged. “In Purgatory, I will find power of my own.”
Dean opens his eyes and scowls at Castiel, who’s watching him warily, like he might have to suddenly defend himself from Dean’s next swing. “No,” Dean says shortly. “But I really needed to hit something.”
Castiel’s relief bubbled out from his chest in the form of laughter. “I don’t know,” he admitted. “But if there are, I would want no one else by my side.”
Castiel shifted uneasily. In front of him, Charlie let out a small noise of surprise. “A prophecy?” she echoed.
There was nothing overtly flirtatious in the gesture. Nothing that Dean couldn’t brush off as shared mischief if necessary. Eyes widening slightly, Milton ducked his head and gave his dining companions his full attention, but there was a telltale stain of pink across his sharp cheekbones.
There was a new note in his voice, something Dean could not immediately identify, but he took a step back, eyes narrowing. “I beg your pardon if my enjoyment of my life has distressed you, Your Grace,” he sneered. “But seeing as we are not, in fact, engaged to be married, I fail to see how it is of any concern to you.”
Feeding people has always been an important part of Dean’s life. After Mary Winchester died when he was only four, his father spent most of his time at work to keep the family afloat. Before long, Dean was learning to cook so he could have something ready when John got home. His efforts were always rewarded with a weary smile and a fond ruffle of his hair before they sat down to eat. It wasn’t always easy, but they did the best they could.
“No, no.” Dean brushes his words aside and drops into the chair across from him. “It’s only fair that you get a bit worried about me being sick. We’re sharing the same space, so obviously you wouldn’t want to think I was carrying this thing.”
“It is.” Castiel helped himself to some bacon and eggs before pulling out a chair opposite Winchester. “If any of the others wake in time, I’m sure they would enjoy it as well.”
Dean screeched to a halt and leaped out of the car, following after Castiel. The door to the apartment was wide open, Castiel’s footsteps thudding on the stairs as he raced upwards. Dean followed as quickly as he could, heart pounding in his chest.
Dean stares at his retreating back, shaking his head at his own impulsiveness. He honestly hadn’t been trying to piss Castiel off, but it looks like he did anyway. Lesson learned: it’s not worth the effort.
Dean arches an eyebrow at Celeste, who is sitting across from Castiel, her bright yellow gown a welcome splash of colour against the grey sky visible through the window. She winks at him but shakes her head, refusing to speak.
“Goodnight, Dean,” Castiel murmurs, and Dean barely has time to mumble a reply before sleep claims him.
Castiel is not here to make friends. He is here to find answers. It occurs to him, early on, that Dean might know something, but the thought of forging a connection only to exploit it is distasteful to Castiel, and he will not do so except as a last resort. So he keeps his distance, and he continues to explore the castle, searching for something he cannot explain.
He cursed out loud as his phone beeped. Grimacing an apology, he glanced down at the screen and quickly brought it up to his ear. “Ruby?”
“Enough to know when the term is a simplification-- no, worse, an insult-- to what is shared between its participants.” Dean is surprised at the anger in his voice, anger directed both at Castiel for his failure to understand and at himself for not pushing further on this matter the year before, when they discussed it in light of Sam and Sarah’s wedding.
It isn’t in his briefcase, either. He checks twice, just to be sure. Krissy’s face goes from confused to sympathetic, but she stays quiet as Dean makes some pathetic gesture, flashing his empty hands in front of her.
Cas absently traces a pattern on the surface of the table. “Are you saying you don’t need me here anymore?”
Benny, meanwhile, was nodding along as Miss Turner explained something about a detail of Milton’s family history, with Sam and Kevin listening intently, occasionally breaking in to interrupt. Dean watched with narrowed eyes as Sam cut Miss Turner off for the third time, resolving to step in and remind his brother of his manners, but Milton’s soft chuckle stopped him. “I believe Miss Turner can handle this herself,” he said quietly.
They had made an art of bringing themselves pleasure in shared settings, but Dean did not refer only to sexual acts. He wanted to be able to push Castiel’s hair away from his forehead, to press a comforting kiss to his brow or his cheek, to stand behind him and massage the tension from his shoulders without clothing in the way. He wanted it all so badly, his chest ached with it.
