the one that went from ninety-eight pound weakling to beefcake in point-seven seconds, and you went fucking
“My father died before I was born,” Steve said finally.  “My mother told me he was a good man.  Maybe he would have been a good father, too, but maybe not.  He might have come back changed after the war.  Lots of them did, especially the ones that saw gas.  But it was hard for Mama because she missed him, I guess, and because she had to support the both of us on her own.  I started selling papers on the corner when I was eleven, after the Crash, every day before and after school. Mama was a nurse, but she also took in laundry and mending, anything to bring some money into the house.  I didn’t see her near as much as I wanted to.  And every single day, I wished that my life was different: that my dad was still alive, that my mother didn't have to work a second shift at the hospital, that I wasn’t constantly beat up and picked on--”
“Fine,” Tony assented grudgingly, and threw off the bedclothes.  In typical Morning Tony fashion, he did not comment on the fact that Steve had retrieved his pajamas from the living room floor and folded them neatly across the foot of the bed.  Normally, Steve would have prodded him for a ‘thank you,’ but the large and livid bruise blooming on the side of Tony’s neck eyed him accusingly, and he didn’t.
me.  Do you know how many girls asked me to Sadie Hawkins last year?  Eight.”
“Take us there.  And then page an Asgardian and send them down pronto.”  There was a pregnant pause.  “Jarvis?” Steve asked warily.
She was young, twenty-five at the outside, and she folded like a house of cards in the face of his mild rebuke.  Her face turned instantaneously pink, “Oh, God.  I know it was. I’m so sorry.  I’ll delete it,” she pulled the phone from her bag, unlocking the screen, “it was just so, so . . . you know?  You, with the magazine, and you, again, on the cover of the magazine--I couldn’t help it,” she held up the phone for his inspection.  It was a good picture, funny.
So maybe Tony was right then, in a way.  While it seemed like Captain America’s natural mate should be the proverbial girl-next-door, Steve had never really cared much for the traditionally wholesome.  Though Steve didn’t feel comfortable labeling anyone, much less Tony, a “slut,” he knew what Tony meant.  He had a type-- dark, smart, sexually confident.  God knows Peggy had been, and Bucky, and now Tony, and Steve had loved and admired each of them in their turn.
?” Steve wailed.
“Nice speech, Cap,” he said, crawling into Steve’s lap.
“Regardless, I want him--”
“You wanna what now?” Tony laughed, but his smile had begun to fade.
“It’s called ‘jacking off,’ Steve.  Or hadn’t they invented it yet, back in your day?”  Tony’s hand pumped up and down languidly.  The tip of Steve’s cock was leaking pre-cum now; it was almost too easy.
Steve closed his eyes and concentrated hard on sheep, but his mind kept slipping inexorably backwards to that once-upon-a-time exhibition at MoMA and a taxidermied parrot wearing an artificial limb.
Tony’s latest escapade was so far beyond the realm of usual stupidity that it boggled the mind, and Tony hadn’t pushed Steve’s buttons in the elevator so much as ground them in with a knuckle.
“Well, I’m not sure what happened in English, but the rest is very good,” Maria laid the transcript on the starched tablecloth, smiling, “I’m proud of you, honey.  But do remember, my degree is in English, darling, so I do wish you’d try just a bit harder.”
.   He could see it on his driver’s license, hear Pepper saying it aloud as she introduced him to a group of investors, feel the way his hand moved as he signed it on a cheque.  He wanted to be Tony Rogers, and it felt . . . right.  It felt easy.  Because of Stark Industries, he would publically carry his surname’s tangled legacy forever, but in his private life?  In his private life, he could want something different for himself, something better, saner, happier.  He could be a goddamn Rogers.  He felt his mouth twist in a private smile.
that was entirely strange.  Tony was the teacup wrapped in fur.
“Oh, it’s true,” Tony said, just as fervently, “it’s just less true than it used to be.  Anyway, point is, I’m not going to let you be another bellhop hauling around the Stark-family baggage.”
“Middleton,” Steve answered promptly, “But, Tony, why do you want to?”  Steve looked . . . suspicious was the wrong word.  He looked concerned, maybe, like Tony had recently experienced head trauma, and now Steve wasn’t sure he should make major life decisions.  It hurt Tony’s feelings. Everyone always assumed his more generous decisions were impulsive, as if, once he bothered to think them through, he would inevitably do something selfish.  Well, the joke was on Steve.  This decision was entirely selfish . . . well, 65% selfish, anyway.
Tony, in the living room, was pouring a scotch even larger than the previous one. “You can’t be Steven Stark,” he snapped, “it’s ridiculous.”
The ride out to Pasadena he remembered, though he wished he didn’t.  It had been an hour of exquisite hell, stuck in the back of the town car between a fidgety Pepper and a taciturn Rhodey.  He could also remember their arrival: the mass of press staked out in the churchyard like a gang of vultures, Happy leaning into the back seat with a pair of dark glasses.  Tony had stared at his reflection in the black lenses but didn’t take them.  He didn’t need sunglasses because he wasn’t going to cry.  He was pretty fucking sure you didn’t cry at the funeral of the man who stabbed you in the back--in the back metaphorically, anyway.  In reality, Obie had stabbed him in the
“So this world tree,” Tony began, “anything we need to know?”
Sam leaned back into the soft leather. “The only other thing we’d need then is a sigil, something to represent Set.”
“Anything I need to know?” he asked, walking into the living room. “What the fuck?” he yelped.
He ignored her as he ordered, “Re-route everything. We get one shot at this. Thor, I'm gonna need you back in the church.”
“Not leaving you.” Bucky crossed his arms.
“You’re absolutely correct,” Barnes told him, his blue eyes twinkling. “Anyway, Steve, that’s Captain America’s name in case you didn’t know, said I needed a cool nickname.”
Clint went a little pale. “Yes, ma’am.” This time it was Tony who hid his smile. It looked as though the Barton relationship was on its way to recovery, despite the fact that Clint was an idiot. Tony had told Laura that she could do so much better. She had agreed.
“Oh my god,” Bruce breathed. Tony shot a sharp glance at him. “He’s going to kill them.”
“Hate you?” Tony went cold. “Tell me what?”
Thanks for supporting, commenting & leaving kudos - it tells me that you're still sticking with me.
Tony shoved at Bucky’s shoulders until he let go. He scrambled out of Bucky’s lap and went to his side-table. He pulled out a couple of condoms and a tube of lubricant.
Steve tuned them out, gazing at the landscape beneath them.
“Bring me the Stone,” Squidward ordered.
“Yeah,” he rasped. “Finally.”
love with me?” Tony remembered this time. They’d started living past each other by now. It had merely been a matter of time. They’d fought it, but they were already over.
honest with each other.”
“You’re making me sound more altruistic than I am,” Tony said, voice slightly hoarse.
Coulson’s lips thinned. “You’ve been perfectly clear that you are not sharing your technology.”
Steve couldn’t stop himself. He leaned forward and kissed Tony softly. The gasp that escaped him was soft and wondering. “Stop making like you didn’t have something to do with this,” Steve told him. “You know what you did for him.”
“Sorry,” Steve moved his legs so that Tony could stretch out.
They stood outside of S.H.I.E.L.D. as Thor, Jane, Wanda and Vision disappeared into the golden light of the Bifröst. They were taking the shortest route to the tower to collect the Serpent Crown before heading to Asgard.
“The loss of three of the Infinity Gems was enough of a concern that the Masters of the Mystic Arts from across the world decided to meet.” Strange looked over at Thor. “The Tesseract was taken first, too easily distracted, your Heimdall.”
Bucky just picked him up. “I’m not going to have Captain America bitch me out because I let Iron Man get drunk,” Bucky told him as he walked into Tony’s industrial sized bathroom.
“You think?” Sam didn’t sound sure.
“Steve looks sad.” Natasha joined Clint at the window. Traitor, Tony thought pettily at her.
“It’s one of your more endearing habits,” Pepper told him. “At least we always know what’s going on in your head.”
Tony looked up when the infirmary doors swished open. “Cap!” he exclaimed with delight. “Will you please tell this person that I’m perfectly fine?” He waved a hand at Bruce.
okay.”
get through this,” she told him, voice low and fierce.
“Jane!” Tony leapt to his feet and ran to hug Thor’s…Thor’s. Jane Foster was possibly the only person other than Bruce that Tony considered an intellectual equal. Plus she was very nice to look at.
“Buck…”
Now...how to hunt a Hulk in a haystack...
Tony wriggled a little, finally getting Bucky to let him go. He scooted towards the edge of the bed, looking at the picture they made.
~o0o~
~o0o~
Bucky’s smirk widened. “Sex makes you stupid, doesn’t it?”
Tony went over to the tiny window looking out onto the street. “I know you're out there, Banner. Why don't you make it easy on everyone and just come home?”
“It’s like a shadow.” Tony put a hand on Bruce’s shoulder. “It’s him, but not him. He has no memories of what he does or says as the Hulk, but the Other Guy knows us, trusts us, works with us.”
“Uh.” He spun in a circle. “Yggdrasil?” He wondered how a tree could talk.
Tony’s respect for Bruce went up several notches right then. He seemed to understand instinctively that Bucky was a trauma survivor. He knew there would be boundaries, things that Bucky wouldn’t be okay with. Bruce knew these things because he was a survivor too.
“That’s not possible,” Bruce said, pushing them all away from Tony’s bed. “I called it ten minutes ago.”
“Stop hiding, Banner. Face the consequence of what happened like a man…Hulk…person.”
Uatu asked.
Clint was obviously struggling. What Sam and Dean had told them had shattered something inside him. He nodded, moving along on the sofa so that Coulson could sit beside him. Tony watched as Phil sat down, carefully aligning his thigh so that it was resting against Clint’s.
Natasha hunts Tony down. Bruce drops by. Tony confesses and asks Bruce to help.
Steve couldn’t look at Tony. This was it, the elephant in the room. Not the Accords, not Bucky, not the War, not the Fight.
“Hi,” Steve croaked. “Am I dead?”
Steve felt the beginnings of a headache between his eyes. The Super Soldier serum was clearly no match for the insanity of the Avengers Initiative. “What is the Reality Stone?”
“Spit it out, J,” Tony said. “Whatever's got your panties in a twist.”
Tony glared at Bruce. As usual, it was completely ineffective.
Just to remind y'all this isn't beta'd so please point out any glaring errors.
Steve exchanged a worried look with Thor. “Loki?” Steve asked, remembering what Thor had told them about the current situation in Asgard.
Steve stepped in front of Bucky. “Stand down, Thor.” His voice was granite-hard. Tony shivered. He had some serious mental issues if he found that hot.
“I know,” he said, simple and honest as always.
Tony’s ears pricked up. Clint never really talked about his time before S.H.I.E.L.D.  He and Natasha had remained silent about their past. “Carnie?”
“God.” Tony tried to pull away, but Bucky refused to let go.
~~~~~~
“Magic.” Tony tried to deflect. Surely Bruce wouldn’t believe…
Bruce looked pained at the nickname. “It looks similar to the signature of the Tesseract, but there are subtle differences.”
He turned back to the schematics for the Mach 7 suit. He had almost wept at the clunky movement on his trip across country. He may as well use his knowledge of the future to advance his own technology, right?
“The Man of Iron, the Captain of America and the Soldier of Winter returned from Hel, having vanquished the enemy!” Thor beamed at Fury. “Tis a feat worthy of much festivity!”
Anything to divert Tony’s attention from what Bucky was doing. “Yes,” Tony jerked as Bucky’s tongue pressed in. “Fuck. Yes. Please. Fuck.”
“Okay everyone, we have to go in single file, but I’m not sure that we won’t get turned around.” Sam looked over at Dean. “Any ideas?”
“Too late, I’m on my way.” Tony peered out of the tinted window to determine where they were. “We’re about ten minutes out.”
Thor dug in his breeches. “I brought mead from Asgard when last I met with Heimdall,” he said, producing a large silver flask. “Let us drink a toast to our absent friends and wish them good fortune.”
So again - I'm sorry I'm so slack but real life is crazy. Retail in November is not fun. Also I have been freaking out about my Big Bang posting on Friday so there's that. Thanks for your patience.
“Where is it?” Thor demanded. “We need to retrieve it at once!” The sky rumbled outside and everyone took a breath.
The smile that crossed Bucky’s face was pure evil. “We let the pretty boy choose.”
Steve sighed. “I don’t think sending half our team off-world is the wisest decision, but if you all think it’s for the best….”
Tony knew though. He’d signed on for the whole thing. He could name each and every person who was involved in pushing the SRA into law. He knew who those were in other countries. Those who, once America had taken the first step had followed suit.
“I’m a genius,” Tony added.
their human?” Steve asked Dean.
“Buck needs someone he can trust.” Steve sighed, putting his book and pencils down. “I’m too invested, and keep wanting him to be the Bucky I grew up with. The guy that I got back is not that Bucky anymore. It’s taken far too long for me to realize that.”
“To you?” Sam raised an eyebrow.
“That’s an accountant.” Tony was completely sure of himself.
“Well, that’s a big ole lie,” Bucky told him, pressing a kiss to his shoulder.
Peggy responded with a punch to his skull of silver and black and to Steve, she felt enraged. He pulled out of the interface, falling off the chair onto the ground, sucking at air as though he’d been trapped underwater for hours.
“What’s going on and why wasn’t I invited?” Clint appeared at Tony’s shoulder, holding on to Coulson’s hand. Tony still had nightmares about Agent Agent and Birdbrain being an actual couple. Something in the universe had gone very wrong.
“I am,” Tony assured him. “We can talk more about the how and the why later. Right now I want to kiss you both until my lips are numb and my tongue is swollen.” That sounded like a genius plan.
Tony nodded. “But we need the power boost to restore Asgard.”
Vision lowered his head in a regal nod. Tony ducked his head to avoid Steve's accusing eyes. He headed indoors and the others followed Tony’s lead.
What the hell? Tony wondered how he’d managed to fall into a world that included exorcising demons as table talk.
“I’ve apparently set up a meeting with someone who I really don’t like.” Tony grimaced at the mirror.
flash.”
“The Hulk,” Natasha said, a small curve of mouth the only reaction now. “He found Bruce.”
“A responsibility to the world.” Strange’s cloak slipped off his shoulders and slithered over to Tony. It stroked his arm, almost in apology. “I’m truly sorry for your loss, Tony.”
“Apparently there’s something you need to tell me,” Tony said, waiting for to talk in her own way.
Steve stepped in front of Tony when Stane walked up to him with his arms outstretched. “Stay back,” he ordered, holding a hand up in warning.
“Shut up.” It was the only warning Natasha was going to give. Steve respected it.
“Perhaps Colonel Rhodes might appreciate the upgrade?” Coulson suggested. “After all, he’s out there facing Set’s minions.”
He walked carefully to the nearest chair and practically oozed into it. Thor was quick to sit next to him, face worried.
Loki looked at Thor. “Brother, you would let this happen?”
“This is what he was planning to do all along.” Natasha was still sitting there, fingers idle in his hand. “He knew the Accords were going to happen. He just wanted to buy us some time to plan to change them.”
“What else does she say?” Steve asked, impatient for
Thank you all again for the comments & kudos. I read & reread so many of them.
“Are you saying that you think your brother was somehow trying to communicate with you?” Clint sounded as skeptical as Steve felt.
“I never got to….” Bucky sucked in a breath, skin flushed.
The panic was a runaway train in Tony’s chest. “I thought I knew you,” he admitted. “But then James Buchanan Barnes came back into your life and it was like the Steve Rogers I’d come to know wasn’t real.”
Thor nodded. “Perhaps Loki and I should return to the Rainbow Bridge and await the collector at Heimdall’s side.”
“I don’t understand…” Bruce said.
Tony was intrigued. “We should look into that,” he said.
“He calls it B.A.R.F.” Steve stared at the case like it was going to open up and bite him.
Sam looked torn. Steve hid his smile behind his hand. Tony sniggered, having no sense of self-preservation. Natasha turned her gaze to him. “Is something funny, Stark?” Again with the deceptive mildness of her voice.
Steve carried on pulling his clothes off, as casually as you please. “I’ve been training with the team. Think I could do with a shower,” he said, stepping into the shower with Tony.
“Apparently nothing is,” Bruce muttered, hunching over on his seat.
“I swear I am going to reprogram F.R.I.D.A.Y. so that you can't talk to her,” Tony threatened.
“I’m attempting to separate SHIELD from HYDRA, sir, but it is very difficult. It’s a like a tumor on a brain stem.”
He looked over to where Wanda crouched over Vision, her eyes lifting once more to meet his as she disintegrated.
Tony decided that kissing Steve while Bucky nibbled at his neck was going into his top ten list of things to do. Forever.
“I should call Clint,” Natasha said and Steve could see the panic flash across those normally calm eyes.
Rhodey slumped down onto one of the chairs around the kitchen unit. “I didn’t plan anything, brother,” he whined, thumping his head against the table. “She’s just so amazing and competent and I mean, have you
Tony felt his mouth curve in a sad smile. “Yeah, she did.” He pushed himself to his feet. “And he loved her very much too.”
Tony was
“Crowley is the most powerful demon around and he gave us the spell to contain Lucifer.” Sam sounded so offhanded about it that Tony boggled.
Tony mused, sitting down on the edge of the bed.
The sound of the Iron Man armor landing was answer enough.
He followed Steve, with Bucky at his back. Curiously, every couple of minutes, Crowley reached out to thin air and made a patting motion. He wondered if the King of Hell had Tourette’s.
Steve leaned back on the sofa, legs spread, and looking as though there wasn’t a care in his perfect little world. “Make me.” It was a dare.
Tony knew that he was going to tell Coulson
“And just what
Steve hurried over to him. “What’s wrong?” he asked.
“He’s right.” Bucky’s words had them turning to him. “Tony’s the one who can read the spell, remember?”
“Noooooooo….” He turned onto his side, curled into a fetal ball. “Nooooo…..”
“Thank you,” Steve said, fingers curling around the drive. “Your hospitality is something we are extremely grateful for and will never be able to repay.”
Bruce and Tony were bent over one of the computer consoles with Loki and Thor at their backs. Every now and then, Bruce would elbow Loki back. Steve watched it happen several times. He was about to step in when Tony reached around Bruce almost absently and poked Loki with a small Taser. It was pretty funny the way Loki leaped into the air, cursing in a language that Steve didn’t understand.
“You speak of
That considering gaze made Steve feel a little worried. It usually meant something ill-considered and or crazy. “What kind of experiments?” he asked.
~o0o~
“What. Did. He. Dream?” Steve gritted out.
Tony felt a lump in his throat. He slid his gaze to the right and met Bucky's eyes. He squeezed his hand. Bucky squeezed back and suddenly Tony thought that maybe, just maybe, he'd get out of this ridiculous situation with his heart intact.
“You are correct,” Vision sighed. He blinked and the holograms vanished. “I will await the return of the Asgardians.”
“Sort of like unaccompanied luggage?” Tony raised his eyebrows.
“Who?” Tony demanded. He deployed several of the Iron Legion to head for Washington. They would scan the river until Steve was found.
Steve sucked in a deep breath. Thank god Tony had thought about him. He stood up again, feeling a little dizzy. “Is everyone else up?” he asked.
~o0o~
Bucky held up his hand. “I’m two people, Stevie. I’m Bucky Barnes and the Winter Soldier. They are fighting for control of my brain and my body. On the way over from the hospital I asked Stark for help. For now, I’m going back into cryo, just until Stark has figured more out.”
Steve looked over at Tony and Bucky. “You want to come over, fellas.” It wasn’t a request.
Tony wanted to shake answers out of him. To demand honesty. But he remembered Dean’s whispered caution that demons lie. “I will obliterate your world if you try to take them,” he promised.
Steve pressed his lips together. “He’ll forgive you all,” he said, sure of his words. “You were following me. Tony’s a good man. A generous man. He won’t hold it against you.”
“I lied.” Tony was entirely unrepentant about it. “I needed something to hold over you.”
“What are you talking about?” Richards asked.
Vision was nowhere to be seen. His usual companion, Wanda, was curled up in a large recliner with a book. Her eyes were closed.
“Buck…” Steve put a hand out, but Bucky stepped back and away from them.
“So half of the Gems.” Tony grinned. “F.R.I.D.A.Y. please can you get Rhodey and Barnes here as soon as you can? And if Legolas and the godlets are around, tell them to pop over.”
Steve stared down at him. “What’s going on, Tony?” he asked, keeping his voice low. As if that was going to stop the other nosey-parkers from listening in.
“He didn’t even talk to me about it,” Laura mumbled into Tony’s shirt, her fingers stroking Nate’s chubby foot. “He just said that Cap needed him and left.”
“I called him.” Loki’s statement had them all turning to stare at him. Tony wondered when he’d become so comfortable with Loki’s presence that he’d stopped freaking out.
Tony shook his head. “It’s too much,” he whispered.
Tony zigged when he should have zagged and tripped over his own feet. With a crow of triumph, Rhodey threw himself on top of him, sending the air whooshing out of his lungs in an explosion.
Steve surged forward, unable to stop himself. Tony woke up with a grunt, suddenly sandwiched between the two of them as they kissed.
Tony felt remarkably pleased at the bright eyes and wide smile on Clint’s face. Meeting Coulson’s approving gaze, he wondered when he’d become such a sap.
“I’m not scared,” Steve said, straightening from his defensive hunch. “I’m just realistic.”
“I think you might have lost control of this conversation,” Dean stage-whispered to Steve.
“Tony.” Steve’s voice had a desperate edge to it.
“Oh, he’s playing nice,” Tony said. “That’s what’s scary.”
“So, Iron Baby, how about explaining why you ran away?” Rhodey glared at him. Out of the War Machine uniform, he sat in front of Tony with his arms folded across his chest and impaled Tony with his angry eyes. If Tony was wood he'd be ash. Actual charcoal. Dead. Deceased.
Tony wondered why he bothered with Loki. “He did it to get revenge on you.”
Vision stepped into the room. “The General Assembly is ready for you, Tony.”
“Perhaps,” Tony agreed. He looked at the new schematics of the Mark 25. “Hit me with some Nine Inch Nails, J. I always think better when there's a whole lot of noise around.”
Wanda and Natasha were behind the bar, pouring drinks. “Barkeep! Make mine a double!” Tony called.
“Dr. Banner destroyed the last of the nanites in Mr. Barnes’ brain,” F.R.I.D.A.Y. said.
In the comforting embrace of titanium, vibranium and the technology of the Mark XLVIII, Tony started to breathe again. “I’m okay,” he rasped.
“You need to shut your mouth and listen to me, okay?” Tony’s face was dark with anger. Steve knew that it wasn’t directed at Bucky so he waited.
Tony grinned to himself. Rear. Heh.
“That might actually work better,” Tony said, bending his head to the tablet again. Bucky’s big hands guided him through the corridors of the White House as he did furious calculations.
“We’re going to dinner.” She smiled as Bruce leaned down to kiss her cheek.
“He’s the mediator?” Sam asked. “Seems a little too close to Stark.”
“Holy shit.” Tony stared up at Steve. He must be dreaming. “Pinch me,” he ordered Steve.
“I thought you were based in New York?” Natasha frowned.
“Welcome back boys.” He strode towards Thor, Bruce following a little more cautiously. “That was quick.”
Bucky’s eyes were midnight dark as he stared at Tony. “But…”
“remarkably vigorous lovemaking with my Lady Jane”, it wasn't something that Tony needed to know. Well, not more than he already did.
He walked away with the medical personnel following him.
“Yes!” Tony straightened and spun around. “Wind! Where are you?”
“So basically we’re dealing with the Devil?” Natasha’s perfect eyebrows arched in enquiry.
Clint held out a hand to Steve. “Notebook.”
“I have many battle scars to show you,” Thor declared. “The deepest was when the Lady Sif skewered my manhood with her spear.” He stood. “Do you wish to see?” He started unbuckling his belt.
Thor looked puzzled. “We are speaking about our beloved Man of Iron?”
Lila ran to the swear jar, holding it up to Tony. “You must pay, Uncle Tony, you said a bad word.”
“You going to talk to Laura?” Sam asked.
“You’re idiots.” Rhodey’s blunt words had them staring at him. “Soldiers follow orders. There’s a chain of command. Steve Rogers was never the head of that command.”
“And people call us the psychotic ones,” Dean said, flopping back against the sofa. “Sure, we’ll just take the detour through Purgatory and take on the Devil himself.” He laughed. He didn’t sound like he thought it was funny.
Tony had never been more proud of anyone. Bruce stood there, threw it all down, his soul bleeding on the cold stone floor, and told the world about the atrocities he’d endured. He didn’t try to mitigate his own errors in judgment. He spoke openly, honestly and they listened.
She arched an eyebrow. “And who would your right hand and best boy be?” She looked over to Rhodey.
Bruce moved to take Tony’s place on the podium. “Ladies and gentlemen, if I could ask you to turn to page twenty of the dossier in front of you, I’ll talk you through the time that Ross hunted me like an animal and basically turned the Hulk loose on the world with no care of people’s safety.”
Bucky was practically sobbing now. Tony stared at him, blood pouring out of his nose and feeling absolutely nothing. “I’m sorry.” What else
Crowley was at the entrance of the tunnel on the other side of the bridge. “Congratulations,” he smiled. “I see you made it back alive.”
Bucky snorted a laugh, stepping up to shake Sam’s hand. “There are several of us around, but yeah, he’s the worst,” he said. “Bucky Barnes.”
“Wait up.” Bucky leaned on the back of the sofa staring at them. “You’ve been to Heaven
“You’re like a duck.” Tony leaned around Bucky and glared at him. “All serene and calm up top, and paddling like crazy underneath.” He sat back, muttering again.
“He is.” Steve nodded, eyes moving to Bucky’s sleeping face. “He deserves the best.”
“Says here that Matilda's name is actually Loki,” Steve read from Clint's notes.
Both of them glared at him. “Am I lying?” Tony asked.
Thor, Rhodey, Natasha and Barton were just siting watching Scott, Bruce and Tony go back and forth, speaking a language that none of them could follow.
“That makes absolutely no sense.” Bruce tugged off his shoes. “And that’s about as undressed as I’m going to make you.” He tossed a comforter over Tony’s torso.  “I’ve left water and a couple of painkillers on your beside table. God knows you’re going to need them.”
She pressed her lips together. “We fucked up. But so did he.” She watched as Bruce started taking the United Nations General Assembly through the absolute horror that had been his life since he’d injected himself with his own version of the super serum. “Tony was too quick to accept Ross at face value. He thought he could argue for change from a position of power. What he forgot was that Ross thinks the only good superhuman is a dead one.”
“Cap…uh, Steve,” Coulson stammered. “These are the two agents I spoke about. I think the three of you will make a great team.”
“Is Asgard safe?” Loki’s mouth was set and he shook minutely. Thor put his hand on Loki’s shoulder, silent comfort offered.
Steve slumped back down, Bucky dragging him closer again. Tony grinned. “He’s clearly going to suffer from separation anxiety.”
! “Steve is always so disapproving of everything I do.”
Bucky blinked. “You realize that you sound like a crazy person, right?”
“And did he, Steve?” Natasha was relentless. “Did he come alone?”
“And you’re not sure if you want it?” Tony asked.
the time.”
“There was another symbol we came across,” Bruce interjected. “But if I remember correctly it was less associated with Set.”
“Crap.” Tony looked at Strange. “Now what?”
I swear there is a happy ending.
“The General Assembly has agreed to the amendments to the Accords that Mr. Stark proposed, with a few provisos.” The king stopped teasing. “I believe that you and your team will be pardoned and allowed to return to the United States shortly.”
“Oh god,” Rhodes groaned. “That doesn’t mean we have to do anything weird like merge or some shit?”
Tony craned his neck around to look up at Steve. “Wanna bet?” he asked.
Steve flushed as Tony’s eyes were gleaming. “To get your hot beef injection?”
Steve stared at Bucky. “That’s all you have to say?” he asked, hurt hard in his throat. “More than seventy years you’ve been gone and that’s
Neither did Richards. “Stark.” He was just as abrupt. “Do you know what this is about?”
“While I love the thought of you wanting to see me so desperately, I’m not entirely sure I’m the reason for your visit.” Bruce did dry like a desert. Right then he was the Sahara.
Natasha stood in front of him. “You let us believe this for six years?” Her face was a mask. “You lied to us.”
Tony shrugged one shoulder. “He’s small, but scrappy.” He strolled up to Clint. “It’s good to see you, Barton.”
“It’s 2015.” Bucky put a hand on Tony’s chest. “And you need to calm the fuck down.”
Thor shook his head. “If it is as I fear, then we are going to need all of our strength and wiles, Captain.”
“Buck…” Steve moved towards him.
“He’s not in danger from me, Stevie.” Bucky’s voice crackled over the comm. “He does have Ms. Potts sitting here with him and, swear to god, she’s more terrifying than Red Skull.”
Tony was already pulling a t-shirt on. “Hang on,” he grunted, muffled for a moment as the shirt went over his head. “I’ll trace you using your phone’s GPS.”
“And he’s the guy you got the original summoning spell for?” Tony asked. The Winchesters nodded. “So, on a scale of one to eternal torment, how pissed off is he going to be when you two turn up?”
Tony wanted to reach inside the Cage and destroy the smug bastard. He didn’t.
“We could maybe tie ourselves together?” Dean suggested.
Then his brain registered Vision’s words. “What? Saving Bucky?” He wasn’t sure he’d heard correctly.
Tony grinned. “I’ve got a few cards up my sleeve,” he said. “Plus, I really want to figure out a way to get Loki back from the Collector.”
He lay sprawled there, watching Bucky watching him. Bucky stripped his boxers off and then tugged Steve’s down. “God, the things I want to do to you,” he breathed, crawling up and over Steve.
Tony and Bucky decided that the best option, while waiting for Steve to arrive with his hurt face and angry eyes, was to get blindingly drunk.
He nodded at the others. “We should let them get on with it,” he said. “Maybe a workout? Seems like there might be a mission in our future.”
“There's nothing like that about you,” Bucky told him. “You're privileged, sure, but not spoiled.” He stared at Tony. “Your old man was a lot like you on the surface,” he said. “But you're cut from a different cloth underneath.”
Happy met his eyes in the rear-view mirror. “So, we’re going to the Director’s house?” he asked.
Uatu told him.
Loki’s smile was tight. “No, but thank you, Captain.” He turned to Thor. “You must not keep trying to find ways to stop this. I know you.”
“I can’t keep letting this go,” Steve said. “We need to talk. We need to get past this. I need to ask him to forgive me.”
“We need a clay or bone china bowl, some herbs, a few candles and the incantation,” Sam said. “We’ve got that covered.”
“Where's Tony?” he asked. They all looked around, shrugged.
“We've been together for years.” Steve needed Bucky to understand.
seriously, this is possibly some of the darkest stuff I've written. I'm all about the fluffy happiness. Don't read if images of torture or rape or bondage trigger you. Please. This is
Bucky’s arms went around his waist and he clung to Steve. “I don’t deserve this,” he muttered into Steve’s neck. “I don’t deserve Tony and I sure as fuck don’t deserve you.”
“I know not this book of which you speak, but perhaps it holds the answers to our questions,” Thor said.
Steve was abruptly furious all over again. “Is that so unbelievable, Buck?” He knew he was closer to the shouting end of the vocal scale, but he was so pissed off. “My best friend, the one I’ve been searching for, decides to shack up with one of my other friends who, I’m reliably told, swings both ways. What the hell am I supposed to think?”
“We don’t know who you are.” Clint stepped in front of Tony, putting his body between Strange and Tony.
“I’m not staying behind,” Bucky said, tone brooking no argument. “I’m here to make sure Tony stays safe.”
“I love drugs,” Clint said, grinning at Bruce. “They are literally the only things that shut Stark up.”
He stepped back, surveying his work. “Goddamit I’m good.” He beamed at Jim. “Make a fist.” he ordered.
“Uh…hi?” he tried, not sure how to address what appeared to be a hawk of some kind.
“She’s there, but I can’t get access.” Tony’s mouth was tight. “How the fuck did that happen?”
“And we were supposed to know that, how?” Sam asked. “Wanda had just knocked us all on our collective asses. Anything could have happened.”
"Aw... I'm so happy for you guys" Thor said smiling. "And I will miss this little talks"
"Yes, but we cannot leave that control in the hands of unknown people!" the blonde said. "Look what happened with Shield! we tough we knew them! we thrusted in them and hydra almost killed you and other thousand people more!"
"Sure Tony that would be awensome!" He said. "See you tomorrow! see you tomorrow Cap! oh...and you own me something for making me get up at this ungodly hour"
Thanos is gone but Coronavirus is at his peak and Tony has trouble accepting quarantine.
"Oh Tony" Steve said pulling him into a hug. "This is really frustrating isn't it?"
"What?"
"Shhhh..." Tony interrupted. "I'm not Hitler you can have your own opinions... also I did't came here for that..."
"Lay down with me..." Steve said.
"Seroto...what?" the blonde asked to dazed like to think straight.
"I'll try my best" he said as he leaned to kiss Tony softly on the lips.
"You came" The blonde said.
"Stop puffing him up or he won't stop talking about it" The brunnete said.
"I have to deal with a God, a man with angry issues, a playboy philantrophist two assasins a young girl with amazing and also scary powers and an android who knows a lot of things but at the same time is like a newborn..." The blonde said. "It's a gift"
Steve ended the call to a smiling bright Peter and both adults layed down to cuddle up together Tony head resting in Steve broad chest while the super soldier ran his hands  on the billionaire hair...
"It's okay big guy..." he said as he rubbed circles on the soldier back. "You can cry as much as you need to... I'm not planning to go anywhere..."
"You really have to go?" Steve asked.
It was late night at the Tower, Tony was once again on his lab working, after Peter last encounter with the vulture the billionaire decided to give the Spiderman suit an upgrade, he wanted the kid to be safe and out trouble but because that was almost impossible, he decided to make him an extra safe suit, now that was the reason Clint said Peter was his son, but Tony preferred the term Protegé it was more classy, after fixing the glitch on the webshooters the genius considered himself satisfied with his work and called it a night opting for sleeping earlier today, he went to the kitchen for a leftover when he saw a lump on the sofá and sighed knowing that it was Steve, the blonde was having a  bout of nightmares and insomnia after his encounter with Pierce and his old, presumed dead and brainwashed friend Bucky, that brough back some memories from his past that he wanted to forget...
"Because I didn't want you to be alone" The brunnete said.
"Wanna know what's wrong? Everything is wrong!" He said raising his voice. "I've been here in this cabin for almost a year! I can't go out! I can't visit friends! I can't be Ironman! I saved the world from Thanos and now this stupid virus is killing everybody! EVERYTHING IS WRONG!"
"Well let me say I'm not surprised..." A voice said.
"Calling Mr. Parker" the A.I said.
"Kid there's no need for you to come right now" Tony said. "As you can see I'm much better now... but if you wish we could sent Happy for you tomorrow so you can spend a few days in here while May is away what do you think?"
“That?  That back there?”  Rhodey said finally, jabbing a thumb towards the rear window, “That was
some yahoo at the airport knocked off Happy’s side mirror and--Steve, where the hell are you?”
“Hey, Tony,” the workshop door opened again, and there was Rhodey in his dress blues.  “There’s a box of donuts in the kitchen.  You want one?”  He didn’t.  He really, really didn’t.  “You want something else?  Eggs, maybe?”
*********************************************************
“At your present weight and rate of alcohol metabolism--”
“To what?  Major Nelson?  I heard that went well.”
So, tonight, he had stuck with beer, in more or less reasonable quantities, and the gods were now smiling on him for his virtue.  Lo, they had sent him a vision.  She was poured into an electric blue mini dress at least one size too small and wobbling gently on her patent stilettos.  Her hair, an outsized mane of red curls, was snagged on the rack of a taxidermied deer.
“I know,” Steve put a hand to his brow, trying hard not to lose it, “that you didn’t just suggest we--because that would be . . . I can’t even--”
“No, but I think they’re plying him with alien alcohol.  Thor handed him a flask.”
“It was clean, right?”
“That a request?”
“This your transcript?” Howard said, pulling over the piece of paper, “Hey, ‘A’ in computer science, not that I’d expect any less,” he smiled at Tony over the transcript, “And an ‘A’ in chemistry,” his eyes slid down the paper.  The smile faded.
“Oh, come on,” Tony scoffed and flipped his long brown hair over his shoulder, “Don’t tell me you aren’t curious.  Fuck,” he hiccuped again, “I know I’m curious.”
“Steve?” Tony, or at least what passed for Tony these days, placed a small, tentative hand onto his shoulder, “I-- you okay?”
“Well, I’d hope so, given that Christmas is in three days.”
“Are you serious?” asked Steve, incredulous, “Other than half of the people we know, you mean?  Bruce, Peter, Reed, Pepper--”
“Tony,” Steve interrupted, “I won’t do it if you don’t want me to.  And you
“Your kind, I guess,” Rhodey said, hesitantly, “But I thought you wanted to come.  You told me you begged your dad for weeks.”
Steve rolled over in bed, reaching out for Tony’s hip in the dark.  When his hand met nothing but the mattress, he sat up groggily.  Tony was . . . where was Tony?  The sheets beneath his palm were cool, unoccupied for some time.  Steve sighed and swung his legs over the side of the bed, rooting on the floor for his abandoned undershirt.
“Well, I--gee,” he took Tony’s hand, “I’d be honored for you to take my name, Tony.  Truly.”  This, coming from a man with a Purple Heart and a Medal of Honor.  And damn if it didn’t look like Steve’s eyes had started to water.
wrinkles, at least in the world according to Tony.
“Still no,” Steve said, turning his attention to something in the oven.
“Non-denominational officiant,” Tony corrected.
“No, Mom.  I just left ‘em in the box.  Sure, I thought, Christmas is coming up, and this is
“When . . . did you decide this exactly?”  Evidently, Steve had recovered the power of speech.
“Finally!  I was beginning to think I’d have to send out a search party.  For the coffee, I mean.  Not for you.”
going Rogers.  Whole-hog.  Full stop.”
“Branstool, huh?  That . . . yeah, not gonna lie.  That is not great.  What are you changing it to?”
Steve nodded politely, assuming that ‘Madonna,’ in this context, must be something other than “Virgin Mary, Mother of Christ,” and placed the name in his ever-expanding mental file of twentieth century pop-culture.
him, for God’s sake.
Steve, as calmly as he knew how, snatched up Tony’s other sneaker off the parquet.  It was one of the worst shoes he had ever seen, and Steve knew bad shoes.  He had spent much of World War II wearing scarlet booties like, as Tony once put it, “some sort of gay pirate.”
Fuck.  Not only did he have tits, but Tony also realized that, even squished face-first into a pillow, the darkness was revolving around him.  Not quickly or nausea-inducingly (well, not yet), but the room was definitely spinning slowly on an alcoholic axis.  He tried to think if he’d had any water (Did ice count?), but, really, he just shouldn’t be this drunk.  Yes, sure, he’d had something or other in his hand all night, but he’d kept it at the level of steady drip rather than binge.  At least he thought he had.
*****************************************
“This is me jet-lagged. Wait-- “Tony snapped his fingers, “--I got it.  Do you want a puppy?  No wait--do you want a
“Fine,” Steve agreed, refusing to be goaded, “Fine.  I would like the officiant or minister or whatever, whoever he or she might me be, to present us as Mr. Anthony Stark and Mr. Steven Stark.”  There was a beat of silence while Tony took this in.
“Honey, I’m home,” Tony yelled, then slammed the door for emphasis.  He had already begun his opening monologue even as he toed his sneakers off in the foyer, “The flight was
“Hey, what can I say?  ‘C’s get degrees,” Tony remarked preemptively, shrugging his shoulders,” I mean, good enough, right?”
,” and she sighed dreamily, “Isn’t it terrific?  I’ve thought about it and thought about it, and I still can’t figure out a single way to make fun of ‘Mrs. Smith.’  How about you?  What’re
Tony planted a hand on each of Steve’s knees and pushed himself off the floor to stand between Steve’s spread thighs.  For a moment, Tony looked every bit the evil genius that Steve secretly feared lurked within Tony’s soul, his expression slyly animated by some altogether nefarious purpose.
“I’m thinking about it.  Now get out of the way.  I’m taking this into the dining room.”
“Well,” a big square hand landed on his shoulder, “Tony told me he was either going to be Tony Rogers or Mrs. Captain America.  I told him I liked ‘Mrs. Captain America,’ but now Tony won’t put his money where his mouth is.  Here, Tony.”  A large Styrofoam coffee cup appeared in front of Tony’s face.  “Sorry it took so long.  The coffee machine in the lobby ate my dollar, and I had to go to that place down the street.  If I’ve learned anything being married to Tony, it’s that you do
don’t want me to.”
“That isn’t true,” Steve said fervently.
“Steve,” Tony lowered himself to the floor, settling between Steve’s knees, “we’ve already established that this
?”  Tony repeated incredulously.  Steve noticed Tony’s hand curling unconsciously (he hoped) into a fist.
Now . . . he didn’t feel that way, not exactly.  There were still days he wanted to be someone else, when he wanted a break from himself and the myriad anxieties and neuroses, from the mania and the million thoughts that flashed past his consciousness at lightning speed.  But now, unlike when he was fifteen, he had good days, too.  He had friends and meaningful work and, most of all, he had Steve.
“It means the name “Stark” is a disaster.  It means one match and the whole place goes down in flames.  It means Howard and his piss-poor fathering.  And Obie’s war-profiteering.  And my fucking terrible reputation.  And all the money and fame and scandal and accompanying bullshit--”
--“Thank you, Happy,” Pepper had said gently, taking the glasses and fitting them to Tony’s face as if he were a child.
mine.  It’s great that being a fatherless newsie turned you into Captain America, but all I turned into was a piping hot mess.”
“Yep.  Her roommate’s in my machine vision class, did they tell you that?”
Tony actually tried to leave after the cake.  At first, Steve thought he must be misreading the situation. In Steve’s defense, it had been a long time since Tony had thanked him for dinner and then gone to sleep somewhere else.  But no, sure enough, Tony was trying to make an exit.  Steve caught him in the foyer, pulling on a shoe with one hand and texting a ride with the other, telling Steve he had a nice time and that he would
“I do,” Tony snagged Steve’s elbow, and then kissed him, going up on his toes, grabbing Steve’s collar with both hands.  From the vicinity of his vacated chair, he heard a camera shutter.  Whatever.  She could keep that one, too.
“Tony,” Steve said, “please say something.”
he knew intimately and
Whatever, didn’t matter.  Steve Rogers, in his choir robes, breathless, red-faced, confessing his sexual crimes and misdemeanors to the priest--the handsome young priest in a white collar, a white collar that suddenly seemed too tight--
.  Tony stuck out his hand, and Steve mutely relinquished the business section. They ate and read in companionable silence.  Tony refilled his mug several times, and Steve was mostly through arts and leisure before he felt Tony’s eyes boring through the back of his paper.
Then Steve’s arms were around him, one under Tony’s knees and one behind his back, sweeping him off the chair and into his massive arms like a bride.  Steve chucked him, rather unceremoniously, onto the bed, tugging off his hold-out sneaker, followed by his jeans.
supplying him with a pithy response.
He studied Tony in the rectangle of blue light.  Tony’s laugh lines were in the same place Steve had left them.  The nose was vaguely familiar but a little too small.  The chin was narrower, and the eyebrows were higher, though the long dark lashes had stayed just the same.  The hair was too long, of course, but Steve wondered if--? With two fingers, Steve carefully brushed back a lock that had fallen across Tony’s forehead.  Maybe it was wishful thinking, but it seemed to Steve like it was the right weight, the correct degree of softness.  Impulsively, he leaned forward, close enough for his nose to graze the top of Tony’s head.  He inhaled deeply.  He didn’t consciously know what Tony was supposed to smell like exactly.  He couldn’t wax poetic about Tony’s particular musk or essence or whatever, but Steve was damn sure he’d know if Tony smelled
“I thought about guys, sometimes,” he finally panted, “but mostly girls. Well, this one girl, really.  I thought about her all the time.  She was just a knock-out--a few years older than me, worked at the drugstore.  Big . . . well, you know.  She had dark hair that she always wore up, and she always wore red lipstick.  And she, uh, it seemed like she went with a lot of guys.”
When people enter Tony’s office, though Steve can pick up clearly on what they are saying, he wishes  he could watch their shadows play across the walls behind them, watch Tony as he interacts with them, his cock stiffening in Steve’s mouth as the depravity of their actions hits him, watch the way they slide their chairs close and comment on the new desk and crowd around it, just inches from this perverted display.
Steve walks into his room about midnight and drops his shield on the carpet with a dull thunk, muscles protesting against the combination of a too hard work out and too much time sitting in a chair in meetings at SHIELD. Every muscle in his body is taunt and begging for release.
“Ah ah, my Lord, your mouth is supposed to be taking care of me, not talking to Steve.”
“What you want me to build is a
And Bucky knows he’s being irrational, okay? But this is what he’s feeling, and it’s happening, and Dr. Ryan keeps saying that despite all the logic in the goddamn universe, illogical feelings are valid, and while he works through his traumatic past and shit, he needs to find a proper outlet for them, or else he’s going to explode.
“I believe he is taking a stroll through the gardens. It’s one of his favorite pastimes. Even a man of his stature has an artistic side.”
Tony walks half hard to the conference room down the hall.
, which, hello, I don’t do anymore!”
And then Tony had unveiled dildo Mark 17, and all of those feelings became unadulterated lust.
Two days later, Tony had unveiled the new desk, and Steve had so many feelings he couldn’t parse them all.
And Steve, Tony’s pretty boy, who just found out he’s exchanged his mouth for his ass, nearly starts to cry.
(It’s
Steve snorts, then smacks his ass for the hell of it, and Tony opens his legs wider, because he
Tony looks out the clear glass of the conference room, down the hallway, to the elevator, over to the chairs that line the wall to encourage loitering or conversation or synergy or some shit, and spots Bucky with his leg tossed over a seat arm, looking into his phone. He’s smiling.
!” Tony cries as his whole body is jostled, his dick bouncing up and down with each movement.
“Baby steps, Bucko.” Tony squeezes him once. “Baby steps.”
“Look at you two…” Bucky moans. He’s standing next to the both of them, stroking a hand down Tony’s back or running his fingers through Steve’s hair. He’s biting his lip at the sight of both of them, moving in tandem in the grass. Steve watches as his hand goes down to stroke his thick cock, pulling it almost painfully, his cock wet with the oil Steve gave him earlier.
with Steve’s weight on his back, chest on back. Steve didn’t even have the decency to edge Tony like this: as long as Tony was ready and willing to bend himself over whenever Steve wanted to get his dick wet, Steve acted like he could care less if he came on the carpet or never had an orgasm again. The indignity of not even being worth the
“Restless leg,” Tony says, waving his hand. “Continue.”
Steve does that very slowly, muscles and asshole screaming in protest as he knee walks his way out from underneath the desk, and it takes Tony, hoisting Steve up with his arms underneath his armpits before he can stand, feet awkwardly wide, his legs feeling like gelatin.
He knows better than to try to move.
Tony’s half hard, and Steve thinks that’s the punishment of it all, because all Steve wants to do is suck him to completion, to
“Lady Stark,” the voice of Lord Hammer rings out. His daughter has long black hair done up in tidy curls, and her dress is a frightening red. “What is the young Lord like in times of stress? Does the boy back down from a challenge, or does he rise to meet it like a true warrior? You would think a man raised in such opulence and wealth would have a weak character.”
Steve holds Tony’s head steady as he pounds into his throat, Tony’s mouth making wet noises where he fucks inwards, Tony throat gagging around Steve’s cock in an almost painful, vicelike grip.
“—told you once, told you a thousand times, it’s
.” Steve breathes.
“Hmph!” Lord Stane says, “but can he defend his castle? Or would he run for the hills?”
, babe. How am I supposed to function when I can’t even be outside for more than three hours?” Bucky says, exhausted and sad all at once.
“Though I believe it would be great for both of our families, I worry for my dear Natasha,” Lady Romanoff says, gesturing towards her daughter, who looked like she’d rather be anywhere else except here. “Because, and forgive me, the young Lord Stark’s reputation with woman precedes him.”
“Fuck, Steve!” Tony cries out; Steve can feel his breath between his legs. He massages the sack with his tongue, then sucks in the other one, feeling just how tight they were, just how close to release the young Lord was. Benevolently, Steve shifts and takes Tony’s cockhead into his mouth.
“Fuck Steve, I—mmph!”
“Oh, oh,
Bucky leans back up and looks down at Tony’s face, and makes a fond noise that could be construed as a laugh as takes in the mess he made. He walks to the bathroom to grab him a wet towel.
“And you’re going to stay here tonight,” Steve directed.  When he didn’t get an immediate response, he spit in his hand and then stuck it in Tony’s pants.
“Really?  Why?  I mean, if you don’t mind me asking.”
“Steve,” Tony’s voice sounded small, even in his own ears, “what--what do you want me to do here?”
“But, Tony, what were you
“Don't . . . don't do that, Steve,” Tony murmured, suddenly and truly overwhelmed by exhaustion but still scrabbling at waking anxieties, “I bet I stink. I didn’t shower. I was going to.”
.  It suddenly occurred to him that he was going on
in for?”
Without comment, Happy popped the glovebox and produced half a pint of bourbon.  He held it back over his shoulder.
me jet-lagged.  Besides, nothing says ‘let’s be friends again’ quite like a three am blowjob, am I right?”
“Ugh.  Fine.  Is there still Nutella?”
“Yeah.  Tony said I had to go as something.  What’re you?”
“Hey, Grizzly Adams,” Tony said blithely.  Liquor fumes were positively pouring off of him; the stuff was eking from his pores, but, Tony being Tony and a champion drunk, his alien voice was marked only by the subtlest slur.  “I was pretty good, right?” It was clear from Tony’s tone that it wasn’t really a question.  “It’s amazing, isn’t it?  The way you remember the songs from when you were a kid?  I still knew all the words, and I didn’t even--hey!”
Meanwhile, the show continued, and Tony turned around to drop trou.  He wasn’t wearing underwear, and as his soft cotton pants settled around his ankles, he stepped out of them, spread his legs, and bent over slowly, sliding his palms downward from thigh to ankle.  The slow bend invited Steve’s gaze to consume his body--the rounded symmetry of gluteal muscles, the gentle undulations of thighs and calves, and the beguilingly occluded view of cock and balls.  It was too much.
Tony obligingly swept aside for Steve and his roast.  “So,” Tony said, trading his scotch glass for a plate to serve himself from the sideboard, “you gonna tell me what you want to talk about now?”
The song ended, and the strains of “Careless Whisper” began.  She took his hand and started to pull him through the crush of undergraduates.  The gods were definitely smiling; the sight of her mini-skirted ass weaving through the crowd was almost enough to make him swear off liquor for life.  Almost.
“The awesome powers of Captain America never cease to amaze.  But now,” Tony leaned forward over the table with sudden, rapt purpose, “it’s time for dessert.”
“Geez, Steve,” Tony spit in his palm and then ran his slick hand over the head, “If I didn’t know any better, I’d say you were happy to see me.”
Pepper nodded, her mouth pressed into a tight line, and scurried out, probably to deal with some other disaster.  Steve suspected that Pepper did not actually enjoy their parties.  He didn’t blame her.  Even though Tony was the team’s official party planner, he was, by his own admission, more of an “ideas man” than an executor.  Meaning, of course, that Tony spit-balled suggestions and Pepper did all the actual work.
“Almost eleven.”
“You plan on getting dressed?  The party starts in twenty minutes.”
“I’d never let a girl walk home alone.  Campus is a dangerous neighborhood.  Last week, I got mugged by a kid with a slide-rule.”
“Mmm,” Tony mumbled noncommittally as the ghost and Gene Tierney moved through the frames, alive with black shadow and flickering candle-light.  It was sometime until he spoke again, head still on Steve’s shoulder and eyes still on the screen, “You know, growing up as Tony Stark, Boy Genius wasn’t all it was cracked up to be.  The boy genius part was okay, but the Tony Stark part was . . . not great.  Because,” and there was a heat to Tony’s words now, “as we all know, Howard’s A+ parenting.”
“The Asgardians are . . . no longer here, Captain,” Jarvis almost sounded apologetic, “It seems they have departed for an unknown location.  I will inform you should I receive any indication as to their whereabouts.  Shall I still take you to the guest suite, Captain?”
“And I just used it to cancel your ride,” Steve said matter-of-factly, dropping the phone into his own shirt pocket, “You can have it back,  just as soon as you tell me that you aren’t leaving because of the name thing.”
“Oh, Tony, you don’t need to--”
He wanted to pace or compulsively search the internet for some indication that the Asgardians had turned up somewhere, but he made himself lie down on the sofa instead.  He deliberately powered off his phone.  He was out of practice willing himself to sleep, but if he’d managed to doze in front line trenches with bombs going off, he could make himself sleep now, at least for a few hours.  It wouldn’t do anyone any good to stay awake all night.  Either Tony would sleep and clear his system or he wouldn’t.  Either Jarvis would receive some intel about Thor and the others or he wouldn’t.  At this point, there was nothing productive Steve could do but wait. In the morning, there could be decisions to make.  Better to have a cool head.
that I am so curious about that I would willingly drink magic potion at a Halloween party.  I can’t believe you--”
“You know Cary Grant is my favorite,” she said, running her hand lovingly over the short stack of canisters, “Can we watch it after dinner?  Or are you too--”
“Here,” Tony held up his discarded clothes, as if Steve were some sort of servant, “the jacket’s Zegna so, you know, actually hang it up.”  Steve’s suit, Tony noticed, had only warranted being thrown over a chair.
“Sorry, Tony,” Steve shrugged.
,” and Tony reached for his hand to pull him towards the bedroom.
, and blah, blah, blah.  Tony had agreed, in exchange for the exclusive right to pick the cake.  After all, good relationships were predicated upon compromise.
Steve considered this.  While he was reluctant to hold Tony’s phone for ransom, Steve could also recollect their last serious disagreement in glorious Technicolor. The raised voices, followed by days of radio silence while Tony ducked his phone calls, Jarvis instructed not to let him in the penthouse elevator . . . They only made up a week later because Steve, a man who recognized the occasional need for dramatic gestures, stormed past a dozen secretaries and practically beat down the door of Tony’s office during an investors’ briefing.  Even then, it hadn't really blown over until the make-up sex.
a perfect gift for my mother, but I think I’ll pass--Of course, I got them!”  He laughed as she pulled all three
6:40 pm.  The Penthouse.  Halloween.
“No, thanks.  I don’t think seafood pairs well with cornflakes.”
The workshop door opened with a quiet hiss, and Pepper’s high heels clicked hesitantly across the concrete.  “Tony?”  Her voice was soft, and when she got close, she smelled like perfume and espresso.  “Tony, I brought you a coffee.”  She set it down gently on the desk.  Her nails, he noticed, were painted the palest shade of petal pink, the color so delicate that it was barely there at all.  It was the first time in his recollection that Pep’s nail color had felt like a metaphor for his state of being.  It seemed like a bad sign.  He reached for the coffee.
“A lumberjack?”
“Sure,” Steve agreed, pulling a paper-covered dry-cleaner’s hanger from the wardrobe. Tony almost got the “no wire-hangers ever” line out of his mouth before Steve was on him, his mouth locked over Tony’s in a wet, open-mouthed kiss that made Tony light-headed after two weeks of abstinence.   In his mind’s eye, he could see himself standing on the dining room chair by the armoire, wearing one stupid shoe, shirt and jacket hanging open, with Steve’s mouth on his cock.  Holy shit--it was somebody’s ridiculous gay Cinderella fantasy come to life.  And fuck, Tony wanted in.  He didn't want to fight with Steve; it fucking killed him to fight with Steve, and he was only doing it to--he wasn't even sure. Steve’s mouth slid from Tony’s lips to his jaw, biting along the bone, licking under his chin.  It was hot; it was perfect . . . he moaned, throwing his head back to expose his throat.
“Vampire.”
“Um, mad scientist? I guess?”  Bruce gestured vaguely at his lab coat, “I had a beaker earlier, but now I think Nat might be drinking out of it.”
“Yeah?  Are you guys going with Stark-Rogers or Rogers-Stark?”
He pulled out and collapsed back against the bed bonelessly, feeling as if he were deliquescing into the mattress as his eyes fluttered shut.  It could have been a moment later or an hour when he felt a damp washcloth against his chest and stomach, wiping away the clinging, faintly chlorine-smelling mess.  The cloth was pulled away, and Steve could hear it drop to the floor as Tony settled on the bed, one arm draped over Steve’s chest and one leg over his thigh.  Tony’s beard and hair were damp and smelled faintly of soap as he pressed close.  The metal lip of the arc reactor against Steve’s side was warm, as it always was, resting so close to Tony’s heart.
7:00 pm.   Manhattan.  Stark Mansion. 1985.
“Gosh, Tony, that’s really sweet.  I hope Mr. Smith is as sweet to you as Mr. Rogers here is to me,” said Steve, giving the girl a wink.  Mrs. Smith was looking distinctly star-struck.  Tony didn’t blame her; Captain America winking at you did tend to have that effect.  “Hey, Tony,” Steve said suddenly, pointing to the big red-lettered screen on the other side of the waiting room, “aren’t you 147?”
to yourself?” Steve exploded, his voice teetering on the edge of hysteria, possibly even tears.
“Thank you,” and she was blushing just a little under her make-up, the flush of color spreading alluringly down her throat to tinge the tops of her breasts.  “Listen,” she said, laying a manicured hand on his arm, “you don’t want to dance, do you?”
He strode out of the bathroom, feeling both aroused and pleased with himself, his two favorite feelings.  He decided he needed a grand entrance, something that would make Steve’s heart stop. That was just about the time he noticed the karaoke machine.
”No costume, no candy, young man.  Those are the rules.”
“You mean you would,” Steve replied mildly, hands still caressing, “if you didn’t think I was angry with you.  Because of the name thing.  Which, by the way, I’m still not.”
.  He had continued to mull it over during breakfast, knowing that sometimes one finds sanity at the bottom of a coffee mug, but he finished his first cup and then his fourth and found he still had no reservations.
“Is she good?” Steve half-shouted over the approving roar, “I can’t tell.”
Steve sat on the bed eating a bowl of cornflakes.  It was the only place to eat.  The kitchen was full of catering staff, and he’d been hounded out of the living room by the party decorator’s crew of professional cob-webbers.  It was really something, the way some people made a living these days.  He would bet his last dollar there hadn’t been a single professional cob-web hanger in all of New York in 1945.  Steve ate his cereal wistfully, if such a thing could be done, and recalled a time when all you needed for a Halloween party was a pumpkin and a tub of apples.
He let his clothes drop to the floor and crawled naked into the bed, pulling the cold sheets up all the way to his chin.  To his dismay, his nipples stiffened under the slide of the cold cotton, so he flopped over on his stomach, burying his face in the pillow, willing his body to just--just--liquefy or implode or dematerialize or something.  Anything.
“I certainly would,” and Tony stepped close, his deft fingers working gently at the soft red snarl.  He had her free in an instant and then slid his hands out slowly from her cloud of hair.
8:00 am.  Malibu.  The Workshop.  2008.
“Tony, how many times are we gonna do this?  The answer had better not be ‘every Friday night for the next three years.’”  Tony cracked open one eye.  Rhodey loomed over him, disapproval writ over every inch of his face, and looking weary.  Tony felt a pang of guilt; eighteen-year-olds weren’t supposed to look weary.  Rhodey reached down a hand, but Tony just shook his head, and Rhodey sighed, resigned, and then settled himself heavily on the grass beside Tony.  In silence, they gazed upward at the handful of dim stars visible through the light pollution.
“Oh,” Tony opened his mouth wide and pointed to his teeth.  In place of his usual canines, there was a set of porcelain fangs.  “I’m a vampire,” he said, by way of explanation.
Harold.”
Once upon a time, laying in wet grass and staring at anemic city stars, he had told Rhodey that he was changing his name to Steve Rogers, and he’d more than halfway meant it.  In that moment, if a magic door had opened for fifteen-year-old Tony, allowing him to step into someone else’s life, he would have walked right through.
“Are you done?” Barnes followed him down to his workshop, absently patting DUM-E as he walked in.
“Don’t ask me what it is,” Dean growled. “Just suit up, Tin Man, and fire when ready.” He twirled his bone hatchet weapon and planted his feet, Sam at his shoulder.
And suddenly Steve knew
Tony’s eyes went wide at the thought of insulting his friend. “Jim. No. I …” He glared when he saw Rhodey’s shoulders shaking. “You are an asshole.” But his chest didn’t hurt anymore. “I hate you.”
“Thank you,” he murmured. It was so soft that nobody else heard him. Peggy pulsed against him, her energy calming him as he watched Bruce examine Tony.
Tony went into full-fledged panic. He could practically hear the warning bells clamoring in the back of his mind. “Don’t ask me shit, Bruce. I can’t. I’m already fucking with the timeline.” He stopped. “Forgetting things that made the shit hit the fan. I need to focus, to stop what happened long before it happens.”
She pulled away from Tony and smiled over his shoulder at Steve. “Pepper, Steve. I’ve told you to call me Pepper about a million times.” He gaze slid over to where Bucky stood like a sentinel. “I thought I’d met all of the new Avengers,” she said.
Steve beamed at him. “Why do you think I do it?”
Tony groaned. “Or? I bet there was an ‘or’ there.”
Tony thought he probably looked like a demented fish with the way Steve was pinching his lips. “Mngffff…” He glared.
the realms here! A little more respect please.”
~~~~~
“I’ll leave some water and painkillers on your nightstand,” Pepper offered. “We’ll be in the living room.”
Tony wasn’t looking at his eyes though. He was looking down Steve’s chest as the water trailed lovingly across the perfection of his skin. “Uh…” he agreed.
“Oh my god,” Bruce moaned. “It’s bad enough that we have to deal with Tony and Bucky, now we have another one.”
Tony took off the goggles. “Really, stubborn? You? Never.” He put every little bit of mean spite he could summon into his voice. There wasn’t much mean, or spite left. Not anymore.
Tony’s eyes narrowed at Bucky. “So you just sat there watching us all sleep?” He shook his head. “Nothing creepy about that
And above all…
“So, back to the discussion at hand,” Tony said after a moment and a hard look at Loki. “We either have to destroy one of the three stones that we have in our keeping, or we are going to lose.”
“Because you were. You
It was cold in the room. His feet ached with the chill. He rubbed at his chest, the phantom hum of the arc reactor a comforting constant.
“Man of Iron, you are most gracious to host this conclave,” Thor declared. “The time for dissent between us is long past. We have much to discuss and even more horror to prepare for.”
“What do you expect me to do?” Ross asked. “Things are in motion that cannot be undone.”
Tony heard a noise coming from the depths of the crevasse. “Is that them?” he asked, stepping back, abruptly afraid.
“Steve was all spit and tongue,” Bucky laughed. “Couldn’t kiss worth a crap.”
Clint held out a hand. “You got pen and paper?” He knew very well that Steve carried a notebook with him at all times. He documented many of their discoveries with drawings in the book that captured the excitement of the moment rather than the science of it. He handed it to Clint with a grimace.
“What have you armed them with to handle us?” he asked Ross. He hadn’t come unprepared either.
“Pfft,” Tony scoffed. “If you were even a little bit gay, you’d be all over this.” He patted his ass.
Tony tapped a finger on his chin. “I think that the conducting of experiments has to happen once we’ve finished with this business.”
“Either. Both.” Natasha blinked rapidly and for just a moment there was a sheen in her eyes that caught the light.
Steve folded his arms, staring at him. “What was I doing at a courthouse?” he asked and Tony could practically hear the ‘I’m only humoring him’ tone in his voice.
She arched an eyebrow. “I am the only woman living currently who knows how bad you are at kissing, Cap. I’d keep the insults to zero if I were you.”
It seemed like a signal for everyone else. They moved too, leaving Tony. “Where are you all going?” he blurted.
Tony beamed as his teammates all concertinaed at the entrance to the Situation Room. “Pull up a pew,” he invited. “The horny, I mean, horned one has something to tell us.”
Tony elbowed him. “My brain is the most beautiful thing about me,” he snipped. Then paused, thinking. “Although my dick is a pretty close second.”
Steve nodded at her. “I hope you get the chance to do that.” He hoped he got the chance too. He hadn’t done enough to reassure Bruce. He’d failed Tony. He’d pretty much fucked up being the leader of the Avengers in almost every way.
Steve had Bucky's face in his hands and was kissing the life out of him. Tony's heart sank. It made sense, really, he thought.
Rhodes sighed, indicating that Steve sit in the co-pilot seat. “I’m so pissed at you, Rogers. I have no words just how mad I am that you …” He stopped. “Tony trusts two people in the world. Pepper and I. That’s it. That’s how it’s been since his parents died. He created J.A.R.V.I.S. to have someone around who didn’t want anything from him but him.”
Tony’s gaze flicked to Bruce and from the sympathetic expression, he knew that Bruce understood.
“With the King of Hell.” Steve’s voice was faint, as though he couldn’t believe he was saying the words.
“Where are the godlets?” he asked, hiding a yawn behind his hand. He
Tony closed his eyes and let the kiss grow more intense. Perhaps he’d wake up and this was a dream.
“How do you want me?” He raised an eyebrow at Bucky.
Bruce’s expression got even more concerned. “Tony…”
was absolutely allowed to call it that.
“If he’ll let us.” Unlike Natasha, Wanda hadn’t taken her eyes off Steve. “If he’ll let
John Lennon was right - life is what happens when you're making other plans.
“It is way too early, and I am far too hung-over to philosophize about the merits of toasters,” Sam whined, dark glasses wrapped around his eyes.
Or crow in triumph.
“No, of course not,” Sam said. “I’m saying, let’s summon Set and have him do it
“Victory?” Fury looked like he’d swallowed something vile.
“You do?” Thor asked, the hope in his voice almost too much to bear.
It was also something entirely new. Another hiccup in the timeline thanks to his little detour. He wondered just how the universe was going to redress the balance. Because at the very least, that’s what it would do.
“The suit…”
“Only if Dean’s injured, dying or wanting food.” Sam tapped Dean’s arm. “Dude.”
“It’s good to be seen,” Coulson replied, and then went red when his companions stared at him. “I mean….” He trailed off helplessly.
“I’m irresistible,” Tony said.
“Oh, thank god,” Rhodey muttered. “I think I picked up two cavities at least on this trip.” He was smiling as he said it.
a ride then,” she said, one eyebrow arched at Bruce when he opened his mouth to protest. “Quiet.”
“Delicacy,” Steve said eventually.
“One day you’re going to get us all kicked out of here,” Bruce said as he stepped onto Tony’s creation with a wet squelch.
“Well, that was enlightening,” Tony said, dropping a hand to Bruce's back.
“Call Tony,” Natasha told him. “That’s what you’re going to do.”
Clint’s headshake was short and vicious. “It was a choice he made. Rumlow, I mean. He wasn’t brainwashed like Bucky was.”
“This is very not good,” Pepper said as she paced her office. Steve stood at parade rest while Natasha, Clint and Thor slouched in various chairs. They'd been here for over an hour with not a plan between them.
“Well, I have kept it around for special circumstances,” Crowley admitted, ignoring the tense undercurrents. “I use it only when I want to reward someone.”
“Nope.” Tony headed into his workshop, relieved to see the suit ready. “I’ll talk to you later.” He pointed between them. “And whatever that shit was about, sort it out.” He saw the bruises around Steve’s neck fading already.
“Thor, do you have any idea who is behind the plan to destroy the universe?” Steve brought the subject at hand back to their attention.
Rhodey glared back at him. “First off, show some respect, dickhead. That’s Pepper you’re talking about. And second, there has been no hooking of any sort.”
Scott came over with a glass of water. “Small sips,” he instructed, shoving the glass into Steve’s hand. “I’ve had some experience with anxiety attacks.”
Bucky snorted his whiskey out of his nose as he laughed.
Tony hopped from foot to foot, trying to get the feeling back in his legs. “Where have you been?” he asked. The night carried a chill that had him shivering.
Tony curled his lip. “I’m not a complete idiot,” he said. “I know this is the best thing that’s ever happened to me. I’m not going to fuck it up. I’ll die trying to make it work.”
Steve raised an eyebrow. “Because everything about us is so normal.” Sassy Steve was definitely in charge today. Tony thought.
Tony sucked in a breath. “I can do this,” he muttered under his breath, pulling open the door.
“That is very good news, Colonel,” Sam said, eyes clear for the first time in a long time. “I am real happy to hear that.”
“It would seem that several of the Infinity Stones have gone…missing.” Thor shifted from foot to foot. Tony hadn’t ever seen him appear so nervous.
Steve was moving before she’d finished. His heart abruptly seemed to stop working. Bucky and Thor were at his heels.
Tony smiled a little. “Remember my demonstration with Dr. Banner and his session with B.A.R.F.?” There were nods in reply. “I’ve made some adjustments to the program and I believe that it will break the repression of the real James Barnes.”
A minute of this, Tony makes the mistake of relaxing.
Bucky can only moan in response, and who can blame him, with the way the young Lord Stark is slurping down his cock. He’s choking himself trying to swallow Bucky’s thick length, and his wrist is rotating his hand at the base as he bobs his head up and down ferociously. Bucky’s only hand is buried in his thick black locks, and he’s looking at the night sky like heaven’s come down to take him early.
!” Tony snaps from where he’s sitting at one of his tables.
Three minutes later, Tony’s sitting pretty on his knees with his arms wrapped around Steve’s pants as Steve slides into his throat, one hand behind his head and the other forcing his mouth open wide, Tony’s eyes rolling back into his head.
“I know.” Bucky sighs. He’s not one to give in so quick, but the way he feels with Tony pressed against him, lax from his orgasm, he doesn’t feel like fighting back. Bucky drifts away as Tony turns in his arms, pulling up his hologram to read as Bucky cuddles him from behind.
Steve rolls over to the grass and lays on his back, exhausted, looking over at Bucky, who slipped out of Tony and was now kissing his red lips. Tony’s drowning in bliss, floating somewhere else that isn’t here, and Steve encourages them to come over and join him.
Steve stops and swears at the picture Tony makes. His hips had fallen lower to the ground so that his straining cock is brushing against the grass, his knees having fallen open much wider as he rocks back and forth between Bucky’s cock and Steve’s hands. His spine is arched in a delicious curve that displays his now-red ass cheeks to the sky, begging for Steve to bury his cock in between them, and the noises he’s making, muffled as they were, were bordering on obscene.
Pressing into Tony’s ass is like coming home after a long day of work and being rewarded with, well. The tightest ass on the planet. He’s hole sucks Steve in and squeeze his cock tight like a velvet glove.
But, he sighs to himself, he should probably brush his teeth and get ready for bed first; his hole will be there when he gets back. He points at Bucky then points at himself, then points at the bathroom.
Tony’s mouth is already open by the time Bucky gets his cock out, and Bucky guides it to his mouth, pressing into his throat, him taking with practiced ease. Bucky fucks his throat hard and fast and proper, muttering to himself between gasps but not paying attention to what he was saying, focusing more the way Tony’s throat expands and retracts around his thrusting cock, the way his spit drools down his own face, the way his lower body squirms to try and find friction with the air, and
Maria stands to her fullest height, and smiles. “Rest assured, Anthony Stark excels at not only his academics, but in his sword fighting classes as well. Just the other day, he struck down his instructor in less than a minute!”
“Ms. Potts!” Tony’s eyes go wide for a moment. Pepper is Tony’s advisor, assistant, and closest confidant in all things related to his learning as the new master of the Stark household, and she’s currently sitting on the desk, legs spread wide. The other redhead, the one on the ground, jumps up quickly, and then, catching sight of Tony, stands in front of Pepper immediately.
“As you wish, my Lord.”
“Ah! Ahhhh…” Tony makes a noise between a whine and a sigh, then starts pushing his hips into Bucky trying to get him deeper.
Tony catches sight of Steve, and Steve gives him a piteous smile. “Oh look, our scheduled 12 minutes are up. Call me back if you want, just know that my answering machine is now actually the sound of a call being disconnected upon receipt.” He says, and JARVIS hangs up before he can get in another word.
The meeting room, full of researchers and engineers and, well, who
look at you.” Steve breathes. “Fuck yourself on my finger, my Lord.”
Tony pulls back again and switches back to Bucky, and Bucky tilts his head back and moans to the stars above. Steve wraps a hand around Bucky’s neck and draws him into a kiss, unhurried and languid as if in contrast to Tony’s ferocity. He presses his tongue into his lovers mouth, tasting him, swallowing his grunts and moans.
“He’s just elastic.” Steve hums. “Plus, someone had to get in a few rounds before I got home, didn’t ya Buck?” Steve starts to wriggle a second finger inwards, ignoring the way Tony was trying to move his hips and gain friction on his cock.
, Steve!
“JARVIS.” Bucky says, tapping his foot impatiently for the elevator. “Is Tony open for business?”
When he get’s back, Tony is lying on his stomach, leg’s kicking in the air like a teenager at a slumber party. “You’re jealous of Sam?” His voice sounds like he swallowed a pound of gravel.
knew what a slutty boy he really was.
It felt like it takes hours to get the toy out of his ass, and Steve spends most of it drooling into the desk, sobbing and moaning in an almost constant stream as he feels his body push out the intrusion.
“Aw, aw hell, my Lord,” Bucky stutters, and he leans back and starts to fuck upwards, abs working long and hard to press his cock as deep as it could go inside Lord Stark.
, that smug-faced bird fucker. Probably getting ice cream and encouraging him to throw more frisbees back to evil Hydra agents in the park. Unbelievable.
Steve shakes his head fondly, heading to the bathroom to clean himself up. By the time he gets back, Tony’s given up all pretense of sleep as he’s stretched on Bucky dick, Bucky lying on his back and using his hands to lift him and lower him like a ragdoll, Tony’s head lolling to the side, mumbling deliriously, overwhelmed with the zero to sixty of sensation.
“Ross.” Tony mutters, “wants me to build…well it really doesn’t matter does it? More garbage to perpetuate more wars and keep the defensive budget growing.” Tony sighs, leaning only slightly into Steve’s touch. “And I know it’s the same shit every time, trust me, I’m used to it, but the fact that he has the gall to act like that with me. Like, he thinks he
Steve has to agree. “Fuck!” He gasps, and he presses Tony down to the hilt and holds him there, feeling Tony’s throat work around his dick. It’s almost too tight, it’s certainly too wet; he can see Tony drooling out of the corner of his mouth.
“God, your ass is so nice and wet for me sweetheart…” Tony says, humming, “so deliciously loose. Of course you’re just going to tighten back up in a few, but right now?
“Mmm… come on. Think we need a bath.” He sweeps Tony up in his arms, who comes to gently on the walk to the bathroom. All he has the energy to do is tuck his head into Steve’s shoulder, sighing in content.
When he finally pulls back, both of their cum gushes out afterwards, the hole not even bothering to close, seemingly happy with being stretched, almost begging for another round.
, Steve likes him like this, on his back spread obscenely wide on the worktop, his toes curling into points and his knuckles turning white as his grips the edge, Steve trying to see if he can rip the bolts that hold the table to the ground.
Steve preens, arching his back to emphasize that beautiful curve at the small of his back, and Tony chuckles, knowing exactly how much Steve loves to be seen, and exactly how much it was killing him to have his vision cut off.
The desk becomes completely transparent, and as Steve looks up at Tony, Tony looks down at him, at
“Deal.”
Steve admits that perhaps four fingers was overkill, but he couldn’t help but see how far he could go, how much the Lord could take, to see how much stretch he can handle before he starts to cry. Nevertheless, he must go on to the final act, and pulls the fingers out with a wet, sucking noise, leaving behind a slight gape that would still feel like a vice on Steve’s cock.
“Yes, Tony,
Steve, but nooo, that stupid, stubborn man just
of him, likely noticing the way his legs are beginning to tremble and the tightness of his shoulders, and the rippling of his back muscles as he worked himself over Tony’s cock.
Steve reaches into his own pants pocket and pulls out a bottle of oil, before stepping up and stripping out of his own clothes. Steve uncorks the bottle and pours some onto his hand, passing the bottle to Bucky and winking.
“As you wish, my Lord,” Steve says slightly breathless, then he pushes Tony’s face forward into Bucky’s chest. Bucky knee walks backwards until Tony’s back on his hands and knees, and Steve rises to his feet and
The slut inside him is screaming as the toy begins to
Tony shrugs. “I get to keep fucking Steve and James, my two gardeners. Deal?”
Minutes later and Steve feels empty, and he feels lube dripping down his thighs, and he feels guilty, because he know how much Tony likes for him to keep clean.
and Steve’s cum is sloshing around inside of him like a liquid claim.
.” Steve croaks, and Tony rewards him with a slide across his prostate, pushing out a worn-out noise from the back of this throat.
“Think I’m closed for business now sweetheart.” Tony mutters into Steve’s shoulder, as Bucky starts the bath. Steve huffs out a laugh, forever amazed at how much Tony can handle.
Steve pulls out with a wet noise and makes a puddle on the ground. Tony drops his legs and stands shakily, and they share their first kiss, Steve pulling it out of Tony long and slow, not minding the way Tony’s naked body wets his shirt.
Stepping into the bedroom, Steve is greeted by one of his favorite sights: Bucky, dozing lightly on his back in his pajamas, hands behind his head and cat-that-got-the-cream smile on his face, and Tony, completely naked, face in the mattress and ass in the sky, breathing deeply into his pillow.
A gruff and familiar male voice comes from the speakers in the ceiling. Steve suppresses his sigh.
Howard stands firm. “Anthony is dominant in all matters social and physical, and is a master swordsmen. He would be on the first line, fighting with his army, and would rather die than submit to another man.”
Howard nods. “He is a deep man, capable of extreme intelligence, and finds that taking a walk through the gardens is a good way to clear his head. When he comes back, he’s always more focused, alert, down to earth.”
Steve stays still, wondering if this was still a test, and it must be because Tony pets his hair affectionately and says, “stand up, if you can, sweetheart, take your time,” pulling his cock out of Steve’s mouth.
He manages to tear one before he finishes with a moan, noticing idly that Tony’s already painted his own stomach, and has been hanging on the right side of oversensitive for the last minute.
“I’m just going to use it, pretty boy. I’m going to take my time with it. I’m going to feel it try, and fail, to clench around me, and I’m going to cum inside of it and watch it trickle out. After that,
closing massive deals and pushing things along in his company and more or less doing thousands and thousands of dollars of work while his boy warms his cock, and that is the hottest part of it all, the measure of sheer
Tony lasts ten more minutes, before he sends a shaky-fingered, blurry-eyed text to Bucky, who slows the plug to a stop.
“You got that right Stevie,” Bucky’s low gravelly voice intones, and Steve looks over to see him grinning wildly, Tony’s hand still stroking Bucky’s cock without pause, fingertips barely closing around Bucky’s thick shaft. “I still remember the first day you came to the garden, my Lord. Stevie and I were head over heels for you. But how could two gardener’s even have a chance with the Lord of the house?”
“My turn,” Bucky gives a dangerous grin, face half shrouded in the night, and Steve feels Tony shudder in lust. Bucky sits back on his heels and lifts Tony’s hips with one hand and rests them on his knees, lining up his cock on the way.
“I love her,” Pepper says. “And I know it’s not natural, but I don’t care. You can fire me, but I’m not denying that.”
When Steve’s head finally pops through the ring, Tony comes with long strips of white and several cracked sobs. Steve presses in further as Bucky soothes Tony, and starts a firm pace, leaning over Tony’s back to give Bucky a sloppy kiss. Bucky’s hips start to move with his, and they start a back and forth into Tony’s dripping hole, wet and eager and stretched wide around them both.
He’s late. Pepper is glaring at him. Tony waves for them to start. He sits in the chair at the head of the table. He bites back a moan as plug nestles itself in the most obtrusive way possible, obviously on purpose, leaning into his prostate to the point of discomfort and causing Tony’s dick to jump under the table.
Tony pauses in Steve, pelvis to ruined pelvis.
So he does.
“So messy,” Tony says, but he sounds fond more than upset, so Steve lets himself relax.
how I like you, pressed so far open you could probably see to the other side, your hole so stretched it could probably take two of me. You’d like that, pretty boy?”
The night was warm and the air was still on the evening of Lord Stark’s beautillion. Lord Anthony Stark was on the cusp of 21, and the Stark family was eager to find him a wife that would carry on the Stark family name and continue to grow their wealth and prominence in the land.
“Fucking hell, Bucky,” Steve mutters, and he helps Tony by lifting him up and actually pushing forward with Bucky’s thrusts, effectively fucking Tony on Bucky’s cock, giving Tony no choice but to keep to their rhythm.
of people in this fucking city, all that could have
Tony pulls off and dives back into Steve, and Steve gasps into Bucky’s mouth and pulls away with one last lingering kiss. Tony sucks with vigor, but can only make it about halfway down Steve, which is impressive given his size. And yet, when the thick head presses against the impossible tightness of Tony’s throat, Steve can’t help but feel the need to bury his hands in Tony’s hair and push his cock down that tight channel.
(They talked, of course, the next morning, and scheduled Steve’s punishment like they were scheduling a dinner, and Tony told him he loved him and gave him a kiss on the forehead before heading off to meetings, leaving Steve to work on a new infiltration tactic for the team.)
Steve pushes in a third finger, and the noise Tony makes is somewhere between a sob and a plea. “I don’t blame ya Buck.” Steve responds, before slicking up again, lining up, and pressing in.
Lady Carter nods. “Whatever he finds out there must really be good for him,” she says.
“I wish you can see the way you like right now,” Tony says lowly, “the way you’re spread out so pretty on my desk… I bet if I took this thing out of you, I could slip right in, couldn’t I?”
Maria has an answer to this as well.
“Where is the young Lord Stark now?” Lady Carter says. She looks unamused, and her daughter, a beautiful blonde in a lovely blue dress, is talking deeply with one of the other woman in the party.
poking Steve’s navel, but he likes to think that it is, likes to imagine that obscene stretch around his asshole extends all the way inside him until it reaches his belly button, making room where there is no room, shifting things around and expanding him much, much too wide.
And Tony, being Tony, lets it continue to rub him raw. He's still leaking into his pants.
“And frisbee-bombs?” Tony says a few minutes later.
Steve finds it fitting that he’s on his knees in, essentially, a position of prayer—if Pastor John could see him now— except his legs and ass are spread are much, much wider than anyone would consider decent and his bowed head is positioned perfectly for Tony’s cock to nestle down his throat, leaning, almost tauntingly, against Steve’s sleeping gag reflex.
Without preamble, Steve strides to the nightstand and squirts some lube into his hand from the gallon bucket that Tony had ordered when he realized what sex with two serum-enhanced men would entail, and slicks himself up quickly. Bucky wakes when Steve kneels behind Tony and inspects his hole—deliciously loose from Bucky’s thick cock— and gives Steve a lazy yet smug I-got-here-first grin, like they were fighting over who got to be player 1 at Mario Kart, or who got the first piece of a freshly made sponge cake.
Steve and be
himself to him, and Tony isn’t letting him give; Steve is unable to even shift his jaw forwards, the way his nose is already pressed to Tony’s shaved pelvis, and he doesn’t dare to think of shifting backwards, not daring to defy Tony’s rules again, not after what got him here in the first place.
“Wait, wait, wait. Are you two together?” Tony asks, incredulously. He can’t believe his luck.
“Shower, then brunch?” Steve asks softly as he observes the face in front of him, and Tony responds with a nod and an easy smile, looking at him with rare, open admiration it took Steve a long, long time to earn.
Luckily, he’s picked up a few tricks to handle their emotional uprisings, and it’s worked out supremely well in Tony’s favor. Like,
Steve’s not sure how long they were fucking, but he somehow still finishes first with deep moan, biting into a limp Tony’s neck as he stutters his hips. He slips out, and watches with a lazy smile as Bucky fucks upwards long and strong, drops of Steve’s cum rolling down his cock. He slams inwards, jerking Tony’s body upwards once, and adds his own cum to the slurry inside Tony.
“Hmm…” Tony says, considering, and then Steve feels his fingertips grip the edge of the toy, “maybe… after I’m done.”
Steve feels Tony press the base of the toy and he can’t help the shout that escapes him, can’t help the string of wrecked noises that come from the back of his throat as Tony jostles his prostate, his cock twitching against the glass, smearing pre-come over the glass.
Tony whimpers when he feels his hole stretch, around, goddammit, fucking silicone. The plug then, to keep him full and open at least for a little while. It could mean Steve’s coming back, it could also mean Steve want to torture him with it, Tony just doesn’t fucking
His head ends up next to Tony’s neck, and he kisses down his spine absently, before pulling out and falling on his ass into the grass, watching Tony’s hole as it fights to close.
Tony gently turns him and bends him over the desk, and something inside Steve shifts in a wrong way, shifts in a
Steve leaves. Tony shoves his pants up and tucks in his shirt and uses make up to get rid of the lines of keyboard keys on his chin, but as much as he decorates the outside of his body, that doesn’t change the fact that the inside is filled with Steve, his hole stuffed full of whatever fun thing Steve’s cooked up today, thighs and legs and ass smarting with every movement.
,” he continues sternly, and Steve blinks up at him his eyes adjust to the brightness.
Steve should have known better then try to gain some friction on the mattress, thinking Tony wouldn’t know, but he’s unfortunately the kind of man that likes to test his boundaries every once in a while.
Steve starts, neck cracking from movement, to steadily bob his head.
Tony ends up in the middle—he always ends up there—and Bucky and Steve lay next to him on their backs, and they all stare up into the stars, basking in the afterglow of another warm night in the gardens.
.” Bucky pouts. His not sure what makes him act like a petulant child, but as of late he’d been complaining and whining more than ever. He’d brought it up once with Dr. Ryan, but she started dropping words like ‘regression’ and Bucky panicked and shut the conversation down.
“Pepper, you can’t just—"
“Mmmm….” Tony says into the grass. He’s miraculously not cum yet, his cock dangling hard and low between his thighs, and he seems content to lie there, exposing his needy little hole to the whole world.
It’s irrevocably obscene that Steve came to Tony’s office like this, dick hard enough to protrude from the sorry khakis he calls pants, but it could be argued it was even worse that Tony didn’t even blink when he pointed at the floor by his feet, that Tony had scrambled so hard to kneel his knees still throbbed from where they slammed into the floor. Steve didn’t even let him suck. Just slapped his wet cock on Tony’s face and took a photo of Tony’s open mouth. Bucky’s gonna love this, he said.
“JARVIS, is he…?” Steve says as he strips his shirt off in the sitting area, not even taking the time to fold it, strewing to the side on the couch.
Steve lets go of Tony’s hair, and he rests his cheek down on the Bucky’s pant leg again, and works on fucking the Lord into the ground.
It’s probably arched slightly from the curve that Steve’s back has to maintain in order to keep his mouth level with Tony’s lap, the position made much more difficult with the way his wrists are bound together behind his back using Tony’s homemade bondage tape, strengthened by the sticky fluid he helped develop for his protégé.
, Tony.” Steve’s voice is shattered.
supremely well. Which is how Tony finds himself being spit roasted by two super soldiers as they each try to fuck him across the room in opposite directions, each too busy pumping their hips into Tony to shout any more words they don’t mean at each other, the fight devolving into a competitive fuck-off, with Tony drifting in and out of the clouds.
“Well when ya got one that looks as good as this…” Bucky starts.
“Hell yeah.” Tony breathes, already falling into his role, and Steve grins.
Bucky strips off the rest of his clothes and kneels down on his pants on the grass in front of Tony. He pulls Tony’s body up so the are both kneeling in front of each other, and he pulls Tony’s hips forward, off Steve’s finger, so that their cocks are aligned. Steve can see Bucky’s hand wrap around Tony’s head and pull him into what sounds like a messy kiss as they rub together.
And, well, Steve’s still hard.
Steve doesn’t make noise when he comes, but Tony does when he feels it: a wordless, desperate whine. he’s sloppy, drooling on his keyboard now, and he’s equally relieved and angry that the assault is stopping. When Steve steps off his desk and pulls the baseball bat he calls a dick out of him, Tony arches his hips up, sliding forward to put his knees on the table to present his hole, like that would get the man interested in a second round.
Tony taps twice on the floor below him, startling Steve slightly, bringing him back to awareness enough to realize the room is empty.
Steve thinks he could learn to like this desk a lot, though he went through a lot of emotions when he was first trussed up on the floor at Tony’s feet, starting with sadness, tears wetting the blindfold, then determination, then boredom, and then stillness, which wasn’t boredom at all, but a nice fuzzy state of mind, a gentler level of subspace than he’s used to.
JARVIS supplies quietly, and Steve doesn’t even let himself feel embarrassed that the AI had answer the question before he could ask it. Instead, Steve sighs in relief as he strides to their bedroom, pants and boxers falling to the wayside as well, cock already hard and insistent against his stomach.
lifting Tony’s chin from the ground as his body jerks on Steve’s cock.
And in his stillness, Steve feels like an art piece with two purposes: to look pretty, and to keep warm.
The toy is much longer than anything Steve’s ever seen before, and he’s seen Thor in the showers, lathering up his God-of-fertility body in coconut blossom body wash, somehow both a grower
“Oh this is perfect. Natasha, you’re a potential wife of mine, right?” Tony says.
As he walks, the bustle of the party growing louder, he frowns as he hears something behind a door in the hallway. A high pitched giggle, a gasp, and then frantic shushing. Frowning, Tony opens the door to his left to come across a scarcely used office, where he’s shocked to find two dresses thrown on the ground, undergarments strewn about, and a red haired woman, on her knees, her face buried between the legs of…
: the restraints holding him in place, the strain on every muscle of his body, the thick, searing feeling of the dildo up his ass, hurting just right, every nerve in Steve’s body alive in sensation, and he suddenly realizes that he desperately,
“Take me to him.” Bucky says as he jumps in the elevator. Worst part is, is that
His cheek is smashed into his keyboard, his suit jacket pulled back just enough to wrap around his forearms to lock them in place, and the legs of it are bunched around his ankles. Steve had actually laughed when he saw him wearing underwear—that’s shreds now. Nothing gets in the way of Steve’s property.
Steve had hauled him up on the glass desk and mounted him like a whore. His feet weren’t even touching the ground. The desk creaked each time he fucked in with all his super solider weight, slamming all of his dick into Tony’s ass like he was trying to break it in half. Movement’s impossible then, he can barely even
“I love you, both, too,” Tony says between gasps, and Steve bends over his head and kisses his chest, licking and biting a nipple, enjoying the way Tony’s cries out. Steve continues kissing down Tony’s body until Tony’s head is resting on the grass, and Steve is kneeling over him. Steve licks his lips, eyes taking in the place where Bucky and Tony are joined, the way Bucky’s balls slap Tony’s ass as he chases his release.
“You need to come, pretty boy?” Tony asks.
His tune falters however, when he doesn’t hear the characteristic sound of Tony’s music, or any machine’s running a process in the background. Rather, it’s Tony himself, talking over a phone.
Five minutes in, Bucky ups the ante, the pulsing turning into a soundless vibration—Stark tech—and Tony’s body prepares to catch fire from the inside out.
Pepper gasps, and Natasha’s eyes go wide, then she grins.
Steve moans into the desk, face heating with arousal.
Steve stills his hips, the licks even deeper, burying himself inside of Tony. He continues licking until Tony’s hole begins to loosen, then starts to work a finger inside alongside his tongue, looking for that special spot that makes Tony scream.
It was a simple command that had done Steve in, two days ago, Tony saying “don’t move, sweetheart, I’ll be back,” before leaving Steve face down in the bedspread, hard as a rock, dildo mark 10 vibrating away in his ass.
“Your wish is our command, my Lord,” Steve says, and he presses a finger, coated with thick oil, into Tony’s ass.
“Who do you want, my Lord?” Steve asks, breathless.
Luckily, Steve knew better than to lie about it, but Tony was still upset, gently undoing the scene he had planned and rocking Steve in his arms until the serotonin trickled its way back in, dressing him silently and laying down next to him in bed in empty, dissatisfying silence.
way, and lets out a cracked, toneless, whimper.
!” Steve shouts as his orgasm rushes him. He thrusts a few more times in an irregular rhythm, dumping his seed deep inside of Tony, before he collapses over onto Tony’s back, breath heaving.
him, lining up his heavy cock with Tony’s eager hole.
Bucky can’t believe how lucky he is to end up with something as good as this.
Tony doesn’t seem to mind the pace; his cheek is resting on one of the legs of Bucky’s pants, and he’s making constant moaning noises into the fabric, his hair spread around his head in a frizzy halo. Steve bends over and grabs his hair in his hands and
One such family is the Romanoff’s, a wealthy family from a far off land that would be a great ally for the future, should tensions continue to arise with the Mandarin family in the East.
And then the phone starts to ring.
“Today was
“Mmmmph!” Tony cries, and he bucks his hips backwards, driving Steve inwards until it reaches the base of his palm.
“Oh, my Lord, you have no idea how…
They had decorated their largest ballroom for the event, using the family’s colors of red and gold. Drapes covered the floor to ceiling windows of the castle, and red and gold tablecloths cloak the wooden tables. Servants ran quickly between large groups of chatting nobility, and an orchestra played light dancing music in the corner
And what a rhythm it was. Bucky doesn’t stay slow for long; he picks up his pace quickly, until Steve can’t keep up and has to hold Tony their as Bucky pounds into him from below, Tony thrashing in Steve’s grip.
It turns
Seventeen and Tony creams himself, punching the table to hide the noise, shuddering through an orgasm that milks his prostate through his dick and through his thirteen-hundred dollar slacks, wetting them, then
“I mean, you know how ridiculous you sound right?” Tony rubs Bucky’s back soothingly.
Fifteen and it hurts now, but in that way that feels like he just can’t get enough, and by then Tony’s lost all semblance of the meeting, which has somehow devolved into a shouting match between his constitutions that he should be helping Pepper control but, well Tony’s really not in control of anything anymore.
“Next time, I want both of you,” Tony says suddenly.
Not that Steve ever minds sloppy seconds. Or thirds. Or fourths, really.
Maria laughs, a light tinkling noise that barely permeates the din of the ballroom.
“Sure thing sugar. We’re just gonna get you cleaned up.” Bucky says as he kisses Tony gently, and Steve absorbs the way Tony’s contended smile stretches across his face when he looks at Bucky. It’s all worth it, Steve thinks, to be able to come home to this.
Tony secretly loves all of them. Even if he says he hates them. Bucky makes a move. Steve doesn't freak out. Still no sex though.
“G’night,” he slurred, slumber pulling at his limbs. He hoped the dreams would remain at bay tonight.
Pepper arched an eyebrow at Bucky. “Buck?”
“This happen a lot in the war?” Tony asked Steve.
This is so much fluff. Oh lord, the fluffiest of fluffy things. I cannot be sorry because I really love Tony okay?
Oh god, Tony thought as Steve kissed him. Captain America was going to be the fucking death of him.
The opening bars of 'Closer' hit him like a percussion instrument and he dived into the technology that would keep his brain busy while his subconscious worked out just what had happened.
me anything,” Bruce said, covering Tony’s ass. “He just asked me if I’d heard about it.”
He trotted down the stairs, turning away from his workshop and heading for the gym. The smack of flesh and grunting had him grinning. Steve and Bucky were hyper-competitive. They enjoyed fighting each other almost as much as they loved ganging up on the rest of the team.
Their hands tightened around Steve as they kissed. Steve swore and shuddered between them while Bucky took his time, leisurely exploring Tony’s mouth. “Fuck.” Steve gasped against Tony’s shoulder, biting down as he came.
Getting between Bucky and Steve while they were arguing was like trying to stand between two trains, barreling towards each other at full speed. Of all the benefits of a friendship as theirs, (one of them being sharing lovers, thank Asimov for that) one of the drawbacks is knowing every button to press, every flaw in the other’s being. And while couples fight, a fight between those two in a triad like theirs left Tony in the war path, watching the trains approach him at an unstoppable speed.
The break from homeostasis causes his body to turn back online, and suddenly Steve can feel
He leans himself over Tony’s body and presses in, exhaling at the feeling of warmth around his cock, Bucky’s cum easing the way. He’s strung too tight for slow, and sets a pace with his orgasm in mind, rutting into his hole like a teenager would a masturbation sleeve, not even bothering to lift Tony’s hips and aim for his prostate.
“Can I suggest Steve go, since I had my turn last time?” Bucky offers.
“He’s slobbering all over your cock, making such a mess. Such a desperate one we got, huh?” Steve teases Tony. “So glad we can serve you the way you need, my Lord.”
This game is a powerplay for Tony too: Tony keeping himself calm and focused during his various meetings throughout the day, sighting an injury for the reason he can’t stand up yet
“I changed my mind,” Tony says, and Steve hears a slight, electrical noise, and the magnets on his legs disengage from the bars on the desk.
Steve, though tired, lifts Tony up slightly, and locks his upper body in a tight grip as Bucky starts sliding in, letting gravity help push Tony down on his thick cock.
Ten minutes in, and Bucky hits another level, and, shit, he needs to pay attention to this, get back to presentations and Tony’s nodding along but probably at all the wrong parts but fuck, what can they expect, it’s
Tony takes his time fucking Steve’s ass, and Steve—Steve can barely feel it, and that thought makes him moan again, that he’s stretched out so wide that Tony could probably fit another dick inside of him next to it, could probably slip his hand inside too, wrap it around his own cock and jack himself off.
Tony nods his head as he sucks in response, and even Steve has to laugh at that, before he spanks Tony again, harder. Tony moans, which causes Bucky to moan, so Steve does it again, and again, and more, and more, until Tony makes a sobbing noise and slaps Bucky’s thighs twice.
Steve’s basking in his depravity when he suddenly sees a flash, suddenly hears the sound of a camera shutter, and he moans out loud at the thought that his depravity is being documented, and he imagines, for a wild moment that Tony would print that picture and send it to everyone Steve knew, to throw it from the rooftops and sprinkle all over the city, so that
