John groaned, loving the feeling of Sherlock pressing their naked bodies together. “Ffffuuuuckk! Sher-
“I actually love dogs.”
“You can continue where you left off. Clearly you’re not fit enough for twenty, so let’s drop it to ten. Can you manage that Holmes?”
“Good, things will move much faster if you take my word as gospel. Now, get your stuff.”
Sherlock’s heart rate jump-started, his mouth suddenly dry. “People do little else.”
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. “Berlin.”
squeezing his arse.
John didn’t reply, but the sound of Sherlock’s hotel room door closing behind him was answer enough.
“No Sir!” Sherlock panted back, his spine was tingling. His feet felt too heavy and too light at the same time.
“Next time,” John huffed, “I want to suck you off.”
This is John Watson’s face.
“Well, you’d know.” Sherlock grins for a moment before looking concerned, “Are you alright?”
“How much was recovered?” Sherlock asked Johno, trying once again to stay on topic. The case. His mind yelled, focus on the case.
“No, not… Not until I met you.” Sherlock admitted. “I can’t stop thinking about you. Wanting you. Fuck, John you made me cum in my pants by doing push ups. You’re perfect.”
“I don’t believe you have, Billy-boy. Please don’t make me spill my coffee.”
“You can’t be real. You’re too perfect.” John grasped Sherlock’s arse cheeks and pulled them apart, then squished them together again.
“Oh!” Sherlock gasped and lowered himself down until he could just feel the pressure of the grass on his erection before pushing back up again. “S-seven!”
“Oh shut up.”
Now that Sherlock had been discharged and decided it was time to visit John. One of Mycroft’s goons has dropped off a bag of clothes from the flat. It had given Sherlock a strange warm feeling in his stomach to see his and John’s clothes folded up together inside the same bag.
With a deep breath Sherlock stepped forward and shook it, the hand was calloused, rough and strong. This was torture.
That was over an hour ago now, and they’d somehow made it into their shared bedroom. They hadn’t ended up needing the one upstairs after all. Sherlock was spread out on the mattress, legs splayed wide, pulled up to his chin as John fucked him open with his hands.
“You bitch! You locked me up! You and your brother! Two years! You taunted me, suffocated me. Do you have any idea? Any idea what they did to me? Do you?” John yelled, his body now exposed, the fire had burned away everything. The twisting, crisscrossing scars that covered his entire body began to glow and crack like hot magma. John’s skin turned black, like coal, his voice deepened and became rough with emotion.
“Let him go. Or I will kill you.” Sherlock growls.
“Did you really kill Amanda, Jess and Simone?” John growled and pulled Jones to his feet.
Sherlock grunted indelicately, almost collapsing under the weight of a gigantic Great Dane that basically flung itself onto him as he walked into John’s living room.
“Oh god!” Sherlock moaned, the strength in Johno’s arms, the flex of muscles under sun-warmed skin. It was even more erotic when Sherlock could feel it happening under his palms. Feel his strength in the way Johno’s hands gripped his thighs. “Johno!”
John burst into laughter, “Serves you right,” he said with a sniff. Sherlock managed to push the Great Dane off of him and sat up. The flowers had been crushed in the dog's excitement. “Leaving us like that.”
“I’m sorry to break up this happy reunion, but do you really think John and I are working alone? Didn’t your boss tell you who I’m working for?” Sherlock interrupted, he’d shifted slightly closer to Rosamund while her focus had been on John. Clever man.
“You can wear these, they won’t fit obviously. But it’s better than what you’ve got.”
Strangely the guard is carrying a large fire extinguisher instead of his own weapon. Sherlock frowns in confusion for a moment before watching the henchmen take a burst of machine gunfire to the chest and collapse to the floor. Sherlock’s strange companion had apparently chosen a semi-automatic rifle for himself. The next three guards all meet the same fate as their predecessor, the fourth takes a hit from Sherlock’s shotgun. The spray catches the dropped extinguishers, the sound of the canisters exploding makes Sherlock’s ears ring. The room is quickly filled with a thick powdery smoke that makes it impossible for the henchmen to see Sherlock darting around and placing his C4 charges.
“Fuck!”
“Another John, please. I’m ready.” Sherlock begged.
“I heard what you said, git.” John huffed and shoved the tall dark and handsome magical man off his kitchen table. Why the bastard kept appearing out of thin air only to slam onto it was beyond John’s understanding.
John cuts him off with a soft kiss, they pull each other closer and when John pulls away he rubs his nose against Sherlock’s. “I love you, you’re the only one for me, Sherlock. Every since you fell, almost literally into my lap.”
John groaned, “The noises you make. Deadset, you’ll make me cum just from listening to you.”
“How are you this alert so soon after a coma?” Sherlock snapped.
“John!” Sherlock gasped and pulled back from the wet kiss they’re been sharing. “Do you mean that?”
“Sherlock,” John moaned into his mouth. “I want to lick every
“I’ve missed something, haven’t I?” John asked, staring at the naked woman standing in front of his boyfriend.
Wearing the uniform wasn’t that bad. It appeared that Sherlock wasn’t affected by himself being in military dress, only other people. That was a huge relief. The biggest pain had been slathering on a monstrous amount of pomade to get his hair to slick back and lay flat on his head. It felt heavy and hard and was really uncomfortable but Sherlock hated how his hair curled up like wings on either side of his head under the hat more.
“I don’t know John, I don’t like it. I think I’m hurt.” Sherlock gasps into John’s shoulder.
Mr.Sex: Come play, Alice. At the pool where little Carl died. Tonight.
“Cadet Holmes, on time today I see.” Captain Watson greeted him with a small smile. “I hope you’ve eaten something this morning?”
. I don’t know who this Jesus person is you keep yelling about. It’s certainly quite rude to be calling out another person’s name while I fellate you.”
After being introduced to Michael the Zebra, Juma the Sumatran Tiger, Stomp the Cassowary, and Pip the Binturong Sherlock was about ready to throw himself into the crocodile enclosure. Perhaps Moran hadn’t been murdered at all, the poor man had probably spent a day at the Zoo and decided enough was enough. Sherlock honestly wouldn’t have blamed him.
“Thank you, John. Is there anything else? Any detail you’ve left out. No matter how small or insignificant you think it might be.” Sherlock watched his companion carefully, his previously relaxed sitting position had changed throughout his story but he looked guarded now. Definitely hiding something.
“John, we’re here. Stay close to me, and try not to talk to anyone if you can. Our first priority is to find Rosamund and take her out.” Sherlock nodded towards the door of the limo as their car pulled up to the red carpeted entrance of the theatre. John adjusted his shoulder holster under his jacket and ducked out of the car, stepping aside to allow Sherlock through behind him.
“Shut up and suck my cock, you bastard!”
“That may be young man, but you need to learn not to stick pins in my walls!”
His men followed the order without hesitation, quickly finding and breaking down the back door. The four men spared a moment to check their route was clear before bolting out into the open. John knew this manoeuvre probably wouldn’t work. They’d need to run, without being seen, across the valley to rendezvous with their extraction helicopter. It was a long shot, but it was better than sitting in that house and waiting to die.
I’m in love with him. John realised, with a sudden jolt. It wasn’t just lust, or a crush, or a passing infatuation. Everything about Sherlock made John want him more,
Sherlock was right, as always. John found Rosamund hiding backstage, up in the scaffolding above the stage. John hid amongst the curtains and sent off a quick message to his companion.
“Yes sir, I’m sorry for my lateness last week I wasn’t having a very good day.” Sherlock flushed, he shouldn’t have said anything.
Sherlock landed with a thump on the floor next to his bed. He was rock hard and covered in sweat. “Oh god!” Sherlock groaned and grasped himself firmly, he only had to stroke himself twice before he was cumming all over his hand. “Fuck!” Sherlock shuddered and collapsed back onto the floor.
Sherlock rushes over to his jacket which John had thrown across the room the night before. Hands shaking with panic, Sherlock quickly pulls up his contacts. It’s time he told Mycroft everything. Before he presses the ‘Call’ button, Sherlock’s phone pings with a message.
John turned the television off and quickly struggled into his skin-tight suit, it was time to face off against Desperado again. “There has to be an easier way to get into this thing.” John grumbled.
“Excellent! How did Irene find out?” John leant around Sherlock to read the text.
The bright green light of the spell cracks like lighting past Johns’ head. He ducks and rolls under a lorry that is parked on the street. It’s pissing down with rain so thick and heavy it’s almost like a physical wall. John knows that green spell, he’s only ever seen it used once before and he’d never wanted to see it ever again.
“Right, as soon as this chase is done we’re buying you another fridge and it’s going upstairs for you to use for… Pus. The one down here is for food only.”
Sherlock tried to open his eyes to continue the analysis but everything was fuzzy and unfocused.
The inane chime went off again. “Good morning everyone, this is your Captain speaking. We’re about to make our descent into Brisbane international airport. The time on the ground is 5:34 am the 10th of February, I hope you brought some sunblock it's a very warm thirty-seven degrees celsius, with a humidity of sixty-eight percent. No rain or showers are expected today, so enjoy those blue skies! Thank you for flying Qantas. We hope you enjoyed your flight, and please don’t hesitate to ask our stewards if there is anything you require.”
Sherlock lifted up, pressing his open mouth against John’s, they breathed heavily into each other's mouths, John's beard scratching deliciously against Sherlock’s lips, their tongues curling and sliding against the others. Sherlock could feel the sharp white-hot spark of orgasm crash over him. The waves of pleasure causing his thrusts up into John’s body to falter. John was only seconds behind, his cock cumming untouched, splashing warmth all over Sherlock’s chest.
John’s eyes met his own in his reflections, his eyes were glowing. Like fire. “Fuck!” John shouted at himself, how long had they been glowing? Had Sherlock noticed? He hadn’t said anything. “Shit.” John stared into his own eyes, watching the way they sparkled and glittered like hot embers. He needed to get control again, push the energy down.
“Yeah, okay.” John nods, he can’t believe Sherlock snuck into his dressing room before the ceremony. John had wanted to follow muggle tradition and not see his intended spouse in all his glory until the moment they met in front of the celebrant.
Sherlock shook his head, he didn’t want tea. He stepped closer to John, crowding him against the kitchen counter. “No tea.” Sherlock breathed heavily, he wanted to taste John again. One last time. If he solved the case today he wasn’t sure if he’d get another chance.
John raised his arms, slowly and the man reached forward to take the gun from him. John glared at his ex-girlfriend, “You’re blond now? I don’t think it suits you. Personally, I like brunettes better.”
“John, it’s okay. I know this is weird. We were struck by lightning and somehow in the discharge of electricity our conscious minds swapped bodies. Now, not to worry. While you’ve been unconscious I’ve been doing research and I have devised an experiment in which we will use these two defibrillators to re-create the same charge and swap our minds back.” Sherlock pulled over the hospital cart that he had borrowed from intensive care inside which he had stowed two defibrillators.
Samantha, John’s cat, made an appearance during feeding time with the three Joey’s John was currently fostering. They were adorable and awkward, all long limbs and curious about Sherlock’s presence. Sammy (as John called her) took one look at Sherlock and promptly curled up in his lap. Shocked at this turn of events, Sherlock had hesitated before stroking his hand over her soft fur, the purr that she let out was almost deafening.
John shifted about in the bed some more before his eyes opened and he looked at Sherlock. He was instantly confused, “Huh?”
“Sherlock! Fuck! I’m gonna cum, stop. For fuck's sake. You’re too fucking good.” John pushed against Sherlock’s head. “Christ!”
“Come now, come sit with me.” Mrs Hudson stepped back and pulled Sherlock into her flat, pushing him into a chair. “I think a good strong cuppa is in order, then I want you to tell me everything.”
Sherlock lifted his hands up to his chest and rubbed softly at the heavy, cold feeling there. His hand circled wider than John’s chest was, his movements automatic for a larger frame.
As much as Moriarty called himself a genius, it seemed he was no match for Sherlock Holmes. The detective had already spent the last three months tracking down and dismantling the so-called ‘criminal web’ Moriarty had built. So far, it appeared that he’d done so undetected. If Sherlock had his way Moriarty wouldn’t know he was onto him until he was snapping the handcuffs around his wrists.
“So good, so beautiful, good boy.” John praised, rocking his hips gently, feeling himself reach his peak just as Sherlock’s body slumped forward. John’s cock slipped out of Sherlock, splashing cum all over his abused hole.
“What? Why?”
“Practically everyone is an idiot.” Sherlock blurted out. He felt too hot again. It must be the sun.
Figure Skating Singles
“I’ll have to add it to the list.”
“I detest repetition. Here. Have him, if you can catch him.” Sherlock dropped the squirming, squealing pig of a man below him, somewhat content that the other corrupt police officers were safely housed within the prison cells of Pentonville.
On their walk back Sherlock paused, seeing the house from afar in the bright daylight for the first time. It was beautiful, the roof was covered in grass and plants, several rows of solar panels sat off to one side with a large water tank on the other side of the house. Everything was such a rich vibrant green it reminded Sherlock strongly of Ireland.
The Captain took the phone back with a frown, “A serial killer, really?”
“I want to fill your mouth Sherlock, will you let me do that?” John pulled Sherlock away from the wall and the two stumbled blindly over to the bed.
. Seemingly at random amongst the many buttons, were sliders similar to the kind you’d mind on DJ equipment. Sherlock briefly wondered if the scientist's had repurposed a mixer unit for the control panel.
“How is this possible?” Sherlock whispered to himself. John’s face mouthed the same words back at him in the mirror.
“Hmm…” John breathed over the saliva on Sherlock’s neck which caused them both to shudder. “Okay then.” With one quick movement John bent slightly, caught Sherlock around the hips and lifted him over his shoulder in a fireman’s carry.
“Ow! Sherlock!” John winced, “Fucking-that hurt like a bitch. Do you go for all the guys kidneys first?”
“He lives alone, in a shoebox of a flat, just returned from military service with no friends in London and not on speaking terms with his family. Who exactly is he going to tell Mycroft?” Sherlock was tired of the conversation, he’d been tired of it the moment Mycroft had walked through the door to 221B.
“Shit,” Sherlock hissed while turning his collar up, standing from the bar and making his way towards the back exit, his hand slipping into his Belstaff pocket. He thumbed the home button as he pushed open the fire door, and glanced down at the screen.
Sherlock was privately fascinated, now this was a tour he would rather have enjoyed. Or perhaps it was the change of company? As they passed a whole wall filled with glass cages, every one holding a snake curled around a nest of eggs, Sherlock realised he’d stopped listening to what Johno was saying.
“That’s Johno.” Azza said, slapping Sherlock good-naturedly on the back, “He’s our head Zookeeper for the reptiles. You’ll need to go to him if you want access to Acco’s enclosure. Now then, that’s enough dillydallying. Time to talk shop! The media have been swarming-”
Sherlock couldn’t take his eyes off of John, watching him talk and navigate traffic was fascinating. The new information John was revealing about himself just made Sherlock want to know more. To know everything. Every dream John had ever had, every moment of his life. He needed to know it all.
“What do you mean you didn’t obliviate him?” Mycroft was being annoying again. Why did siblings have a predisposition to pissing off their kin?
“Cheers!” John smiled looking around the open-plan space. The living room, dining area and kitchen was one room, with a hallway dissecting the middle of the kitchen area. The layout reminded Sherlock of high-density housing apartments where every inch of space was utilised efficiently. “I uh… built most of it myself.” John blushed.
“Right then, I’m off. Gotta put Barry in the enclosure before smoko or he’ll miss lunch. Give us a shout if ya need me Mister Humphrey!” Johno smiled, turning around and waving back over his head, making his way towards the vibrantly signed ‘REPTILE CAVE’ enclosure. Sherlock just stared after the man, who oh-so-casually would hold the world's deadliest snake in a sack over his shoulder. What an Intriguing man…
The sound of many boot falls drew Sherlock’s attention away from what he was doing and he glanced over towards the group of recruits who had lined up near the Captain.
John blinks stupidly at Sherlock for a moment before he bursts out laughing. “You-hahaha-You don’t know-bloody-hehe-
“Oh. It’s you, again. Still garish and blue, I see. Why do you persist in being so tiny-minded and wrong? How tedious. It’s
“This way!” Sherlock called over his shoulder, darting down a small hill. “My cabin is to the east.”
Sherlock couldn’t concentrate. Johno was just too distracting with his silvery-blonde hair, beard, deep blue eyes and flirty banter. Sherlock’s transport was reacting to every comment and movement the Zookeeper made, the heat pooling in his belly, the hot flush over his cheeks. Sherlock felt like he’d lost control. Was Johno actually flirting with him or was he just flirty by nature?
Sherlock scowled but walked forward and followed the Administrator’s directions to Acco’s enclosure. When they arrived Moriarty was waiting for him. Mycroft and John were kneeling beside the pool, their arms zip tied together. John’s uniform was ripped and torn, he’d obviously put up a fight. Azza directed Sherlock forward, shoving the gun into his back until he stood in front of Moriarty.
“Tea?”
Sherlock shook himself, he couldn’t stay. John was too much of a distraction, they’d almost been killed because of Sherlock’s inability to focus on anything except getting into John’s pants as fast as possible. “John… I’m sorry.” Sherlock’s shoulders dropped. “You should know, I… I consider myself married to my work.”
“I’d love a cuppa. Christ, I can’t even remember the last time I had one.” John was examining two woollen jumpers, one a white cable-knit design, the other a beautiful dark blue cashmere. Sherlock hoped he would choose the latter, but when he turned back after setting the now full kettle on the hob and turning the burner on John was wearing the white one. Shame.
“I had been doing ballet lessons when-”
Sherlock swept his gaze around the empty room, it seemed all too suspicious that he’d not met with a single person yet. It couldn’t possibly be this easy, could it? The detective fingered the bars of C4 he had hidden away inside his deep pockets. If there was no one around, he could set the charges, leave and detonate the explosives. Moriarty's men would simply return to the smoking ruins of their facility and wonder what had happened.
“Shut up John.”
Sherlock called his brother the moment he stepped out of the Coroner’s Office. It rang and rang and rang before finally going to voicemail. Sherlock frowned, Mycroft always answered his phone. Just as Sherlock lifted the phone away from his ear, he heard it: Moriarty’s voice.
Sherlock’s arms wrapped around his landlady and pressed his face into her neck. The familiar smell of her perfume wasn’t enough to calm his racing heart.
“Irrelevant, we promised to work together.”
His false name was… was…
John had an uncommonly short refractory period for a man his age. Which, really wasn’t Sherlock’s fault. It was John’s. Yes, Sherlock decided. It was John’s fault that he was so sexy and hung like a stud and could reach orgasm at least three times in four hours. The fifth time Sherlock tried it had started to hurt so he stopped.
“Starving.” John grinned like a fool, but it was not at all visible beneath the lycra.
However, the blinking panel appeared too much to resist. Curiosity had always been one of Sherlock’s greatest weaknesses. With a few quick strides, he made his way over to the lights and observed the panel closely. There were oily deposits on most of the buttons from repetitive use by ungloved fingers.
“Fuck, you’re so, bloody sexy. Oh my god, your nipples. I need to taste them.” John gripped Sherlock’s shirt and pulled, the fabric gave way and several pearl buttons shot off in random directions about the room. Chest now exposed, John wasted no time taking one of Sherlock’s erect nipples into his mouth and sucking.
“You have an intermittent tremor in your right hand, which is odd given the placement of your wound, I suspect shrapnel damage or perhaps nerve damage. Which leaves you without a steady hand to perform surgery and I would assume an honorable discharge from the army. Except they offered you a desk job and you took it. You couldn’t face the idea of being without some part of your identity.”
The Captain had Sherlock placed at the front of the group right behind him so that he could watch Sherlock closely. This meant that Sherlock had to watch John Watson run, watch his legs stride powerfully. Watch his back move and flex as his arms swung with his movements, and most importantly watch his arse pull the fatigues light across his cheeks as each leg swung forward.
“Oh! John!” Sherlock gasped, appearing to suddenly come back to himself. He looked down at John’s hands, where John was still holding out the engagement ring he’d offered to Sherlock a moment ago.
“Mmmhff!”
“To be fair, neither did I.”
“Yes Sir!”
But not just any crocodile; Acco, a five-metre, one thousand kilogram crocodile and resident of the famous and very popular Australia Zoo. All security cameras inside the Zoo had mysteriously malfunctioned during the time of the murder, there were no leads, no evidence of who had bound, gagged and fed the poor man to dear old Acco. But that wasn’t the best part. The best part was who the victim was, Sebastian Moran.
John clearly, slowly mouths the words: I will burn you.
“My darling, Billy-boy. Please don’t make me spill my coffee.”
“Soldier remember? I’m good a waking up and being alert fast. Especially after living with your for the last two years.”
Sherlock closed the manila folder and pressed himself back into the seat, his hands coming together in front of his lips. It seemed Mycroft hadn’t taken him off Moriarty’s case after all. Someone had gotten close to his most trusted adviser, too close. But who would have had the means to zip tie a dishonourably discharged, ex-special forces sniper, disable all the cameras in a public zoo and feed him to a crocodile?
A month later, Scotland Yard received an intimate introduction to London’s new Supervillain as several of their officers were kidnapped from their homes. To add insult to injury, as the detectives were meeting to discuss these kidnappings; fluttering around like headless chickens, the ceiling crumbled in on top of them and a gloved hand reached down to lift the Police Commissioner by the scruff of the neck like an errant puppy. The police officers were only able to watch helplessly as Loony Desperado disappeared, with his victim in hand.
John moved away quickly pulling his uniform shirt out from where it was tucked into his trousers and violently tearing it over his head, throwing it in a random direction. Sherlock’s breath caught, his eyes darting around taking in all the new data. John had clearly spent a lot of time out in the sun without a shirt. There were no tan lines. Just golden skin, sparse blonde chest hair, and a large scar that reached down from John’s left shoulder to the centre of his chest. It looked like a massive bite mark.
“Yes Sir! Sorry Sir!” Williams immediately dropped to one knee and began re-tying his laces quickly. Sherlock gulped and let his breath out slowly. He could feel sweat on the back of his neck already.
” Sherlock moaned, John had three fingers inside him now. Scissoring them and reaching deep inside for his darlings prostate. “I love you too. John, my John… My conductor of light.”
“Harry is my sister, not my brother.” John gasped between kisses, “It was shrapnel damaged that caused the tremor, our airlift took a direct hit and the side paneling on the chopper exploded.”
Why did it have to be tonight that Mycroft was wrong? Sherlock stepped out onto the wet street, his shoes making slapping noises in the puddles between the cobblestones. Walking as fast as he felt comfortable, Sherlock put as much distance as possible between himself and the club.
Johno’s hand was warm. Sherlock tried to force his mind to focus, he could see the blood stain from where he was standing. On the far side, just at the edge of the grass. The ground was still a muddy red colour from where Moran had been eaten alive.
“Oh my god, who are you?”
“No wonder you don’t have any issues pulling John, even with those ghastly jumpers. I bet you just whip this monster out and the women just swoon.” Sherlock reached down and took John’s penis into his hand. The term ‘shower not grower’ had never been more true. “I know I would.” Sherlock muttered and finally let himself pee.
“You what?” Johno looked aghast.
The cold, sharp taste of the whiskey on Sherlock’s lips burned. The ice had melted too much, making the flavour of the drink weak and watery. He glanced down at his watch, it was almost midnight, Mycroft’s agent should have made contact with him by now. Sherlock passed the cool edge of the empty glass over his lips, taking a deep breath. The aromatic smell of the whiskey remained behind. The rolling beats of the bass from the DJ created a pleasant vibration in his chest. It wasn’t often that he missed his old life, the life of a junky, drifting from one fix to another. All those nights spent high, surrounded by bass and bodies.
“Right, get up and come with me.”
“I assure you, I am being very,
“That was the most ridiculous thing, I’ve ever done.”
Sherlock raised his hands and slowly made a fist, as his fingers pulled inwards towards his palm Moriarty grasped at his throat. “How?” James wheezed. “Y-ou?”
“Because I don’t want this to be a casual fuck, you are the most brilliant, sexy, frustrating man I have ever met and I don’t want to let you go. I want you to be mine. I want to be yours.”
“How did you know he was colour blind?” Lestrade asked looking puzzled by Sherlock’s last deduction.
The Captain glanced over him with a considering look on his face. “I see, but that’s no excuse Cadet. Your punishment still stands. Drop and give me twenty push-ups, now.”
One of Johno’s eyebrows had lifted at Sherlock’s admission, “I’ll call you whatever you like.” he winked. “Tell me then, when do you knock off,
He didn’t want to wake up if that was true. If he was still back at that featureless grey facility. If he’d never met Sherlock. Sherlock. Sherlock Holmes. Christ, he was beautiful...
“Yes. Definitely.”
“Was it Afghanistan or Iraq?”
“Let me go you nutters!” Major Jones yelled. “Fucking lunatics! What the hell Watson?”
“Oh for Merlin’s sake!”
The whoosh and crackle of the fire catching pulls Sherlock's attention back to his new companion. There is a thick long silver scar that Sherlock hadn’t noticed before, that starts up under John’s armpit and extends the length of his torso, disappearing under the band of his white elastic trousers. On both sides of the scar are little white dots, the wound must have been surgically stapled closed. Why was John covered in scars? Why was he being held prisoner in the Alps? What did Moriarty need him for?
“Woke up strapped to a table, surrounded by fucking terrorists. They were all yelling at each other, then like a bloody ghost Sebastian appears and who does he bring with him? Your man, Moriarty. They tried to sell me some bullshit story about how I should join them, I told them to fuck off. Ended up in my own private little POW camp, then you found me. ”
“John, I don’t know how long we have before the hospital staff realise I’ve… eh… commandeered their defibrillators. So lay back please and lift up your gown.” Sherlock picked up two electrode pads and turned back to John.
“How did you start skating?”
One of the sliders was currently set to ‘opaque’. Sherlock looked up from the control panel to the milky glass, his hand moved automatically, pushing the slider to the ‘clear’ setting. Within seconds the white glass turned transparent and revealed a room similar to a prison cell. The cell wasn’t empty. A man was lying with his back facing Sherlock on the small bed inside. He was tanned, with short blond hair, his back unclothed, lightly muscled and covered in scars. The silver lines crisscrossed over each other and almost appeared to glitter silver in the harsh artificial light illuminating the cell.
Sherlock grabs his companion's arm and pulls him from the room, the man uses the end of his gun to knock out a guard as they round the corner and take the stairs two at a time back up to ground level.  The two men run as fast as they’re able across the snow and into the surrounding forest. Putting as much distance as possible between them and the facility. Sherlock had set the timer for five minutes, but even so, as they run together darting between trees and trying not to slip on the ice five minutes seemed too long.
His neck and collarbone were covered in love bites, his lips bruised, swollen and red. Sherlock brushed his fingertips over his abused mouth, he could still feel John against him. His rough beard, his masculine scent, the taste of him on his tongue. Sherlock’s gaze met his reflection, staring deeply into his own eyes, his pupils were visibly dilated, pulse elevated.
“I need to review all the recruits personnel files.” Sherlock said as he gulped air and readjusted his fatigues.
“John!” Sherlock cried out, his whole body going rigid. Orgasm taking him by surprise. He’d been so engrossed in tasting and biting he’d not been paying attention to the building pressure, the white-hot pleasure growing to unbearable heights before plunging over the other side. Sherlock’s body shuddered and spasmed, riding out the aftershocks of the best orgasm of his life.
Sherlock gave a deep throaty chuckle, “I like sucking cock, John.”
“Sherlock, do magical people ever date… Non-magical people?” John wanted to shoot himself in the head. That wasn’t very smooth Watson. He chastised himself mentally.
“Brown Snake.” Johno abruptly stated, apparently the man had noticed Sherlock’s stare. Of course, Sherlock’s brain chose this moment to finally take notice of Johno’s voice. It was rough and heavily accented.
John leaned up and pressed a sloppy kiss to Sherlock’s lips. “Hmmm… You’re perfect too, love.”
The stranger stared at John intently for a moment, John tried not to squirm under the heavy gaze. “You followed my directions.”
“I hope you like dogs.”
“Apologies,” Sherlock stated matter of factly. “It was not my intention to appear in your home.”
Sherlock watches in awe as John leant over the bed to reach for some y-fronts and a pair of dark charcoal wash jeans. “Hmmff…” Sherlock’s mouth says without his permission.
“Jaawwwwwnnnnn!!” Sherlock moans exceedingly loudly. Thank god for silencing charms, John thinks to himself. Otherwise, Mrs Hudson wouldn’t ever get any sleep, for being two almost forty-year-old men they were like randy teenagers once they were alone for any period of time.
“Jump in!” John grinned up at him and Sherlock’s breath caught in his throat. He was so beautiful.
“You bastard!” Rosamund yelled pulling a knife from her belt and stabbing Sherlock in the arm as he raised it to protect his face. “I’ll kill you! Both of you!”
Sherlock sighed heavily, his breath misting densely in the freezing air. Now wasn’t the time to relive that particular conversation with his brother. It was the reason why he was currently freezing his balls off high up in the mountains of the Alps, but it wouldn’t help him now. Pulling his heavy cloak about him tighter, Sherlock refocused and began to make his way along the wall of the remote featureless concrete facility. His goal was to find the back entrance and make his way down to the basement.
Sherlock couldn’t stop giggling, which made John smile. “Sherlock, I’m trying to get you off here and you won’t stop laughing! It’s like you’ve been hit with that laughing jinx you showed me.”
“It would appear that Sherlock has a new flatmate.”
“Keep your hips low!” Watson called out again and placed his hands on either side of Sherlock’s arse and readjusted their position. “If you don’t keep your posture straight you’ll pull a muscle. Now, down then push back up.”
John had just laughed and excitedly pulled him over to his beehives. “Sherlock, I’d like you to meet my Bee Army.”
“Stop! Stop, we can’t giggle, it’s a crime scene! Stop it!”
This ‘Johno’ person was a short, sun-kissed, bearded man, wearing a typical beige Australian Zoo uniform. Sherlock watched, one eyebrow raising higher and higher and higher, as the man, honest to god, swaggered towards them. His eyes darted all around the new stranger, taking in details, deducing.
“I promise I’ll kiss it better every day for the rest of our lives.”
“Lestrade? Has there been another one?” Sherlock asked when he picked up his phone later that evening.
Unfortunately, Rosamund found them first, and she wasn’t alone.
Gonna cum.” Sherlock groaned.
John didn’t slow down for traffic lights or other pedestrians as he careened around a corner and pelted past shops and parked cars, all the while mentally tracking his route. Skidding around a right turn, either about to make a fool of himself or - John collided with the fleeing criminal even as Mr Blue Scarf made a spectacular dive for their knees, resulting in a mess of limbs, cursed groans and sharp pain.
John nodded, “Yeah, yeah.”
Sherlock grips his gun tighter, “He’s certainly worth more than you.”
“Great!”
“Answer the question Sherlock.” John demanded.
“Then… I guess it’s all good. Except what’s with the Old Bailey?”
James laughs, “Silly little Alice, I didn’t bring you here to bargain with you. There is nothing you have that I want more than John Watson. I lured you here so Sebastian can avenge his sister. And I thought, how great would it be if Johnny boy got to watch as his true love was murdered in front of him. I think that would finally break him.
Their mouths met, wet and sloppy their tongues wrapping around the other. Tracing teeth, licking and tasting. John leaned back, encircling his legs around Sherlock’s waist. “John...” Sherlock panted, “you taste…”
If one of the scientist's or guards escaped they would report Sherlock to Moriarty and his three-month streak of going unnoticed would be broken. His job of dismantling the web would become so much harder.
John and Sherlock had hit it off immediately the night they took down the mugger together. In fact, Sherlock had asked John to move in with him. John hadn’t yet decided, especially now that he was all but convinced that Sherlock was London’s only Supervillain.
Leaving the head on the table Sherlock turned and unfolded the paper on the table. It was still dry, with almost no blood staining the paper. It was a note… Addressed to him.
“Let me dream, John.”
“Shhhh… John, not so loud!”
Sherlock had dropped to his knees and with a wave of his hands (wandless magic) John was totally naked with his throbbing cock shoved down Sherlock’s throat. Over the last six months of their relationship, John had gotten more blow jobs that he ever thought possible in his lifetime. Sherlock loved having John in his mouth. Oral fixation wasn’t even close to describing Sherlock’s addiction to sucking John off.
“I demand you drop the citizen immediately.” The man calls out in a firm voice.
The sound of John sleepily telling his pets to shut up and settle down made Sherlock’s mouth twitch with amusement. John’s footsteps growing louder and louder as he approached the door, however, caused the feeling of anxiety and panic to burst into overdrive in his chest. He felt like he might throw up.
The next four hours were a blur if someone asked Sherlock what had happened after they kiss he wouldn’t be able to say. Mycroft's team arrived right on time and took Rosamund Moran away. Sherlock’s stab wound was treated and then John and he were escorted to a new safe house.
Sherlock placed his hand on John’s cheek, “I’m real, you’re safe. You’re here, with me.” John nodded, his eyes looking cloudy with tears. “We need lube if you are to penetrate me.”
“Yes John, you know I love dancing.”
“No, I’m not. I’m just not interested.”
“Afraid, I’ve come rather more prepared. Little Alice.” Moriarty says in his sing-song voice. Sherlock sees a flash of red from the corner of his eye and looks down, there is a red laser sight hovering over his heart. Well, that makes things rather more complicated, but it wasn’t unexpected.
Sherlock smirked, pulling John’s handgun from behind his back and aiming it at Moriarty. “It’s both, actually.”
“Ah!” Sherlock rolled his hips into John’s, causing sparks of pleasure rippled up his spine. “So-so… Hot! John!”
-John wanted to kiss him. Feel how soft they were, to taste-
Sherlock lifted his hands to his face and rubbed his eyes.
“It’s always you John Watson. Even if your fork has left a scar on my behind.”
John just stared at the crazy ‘wizard’ for a few minutes before he pushed himself up out of his chair and started packing up his meagre belongings. “I must be certifiably insane for going along with this.”
“Yeah, sure… I guess, that makes… Sense. Ah, I didn’t know you could skate.”
Sherlock did not jump. “What?”
“Desperado or Bloodhound, it matters not. I’ll stop your evil schemes no matter what you call yourself, although if you prefer I could always call you by your
“My dear brother, after the failure of the last week's assignment-”
“Oh god, yes.”
“How many cakes have you had today Mycroft? One? Three? Hmm, perhaps four? Oh and a cupcake. My my, you’ll never lose those 5 pounds at this rate, failing your new year’s resolution already. How telling.”
“Nnnnnn-Nine!” Sherlock whined, he could feel it coming, his orgasm was coiled so tight in his belly he just needed something. “T-t-tennnn”
Sherlock leaned exhausted, against the door and groaned pitifully at the stairs the he would need to climb to make it up to his flat. Captain Watson was the devil. After running four laps of the field he’d allowed the cadets a moment to catch their breath and drink some water before they had to suit up with weighted packs and run through several obstacle courses.
“John!” Sherlock called, startling both himself and Rosamund. “Stop, you… You can’t. Let her go. Let me take her to Mycroft.
“But John-”
“That your imbecilic agent caused,” Sherlock cut in. Mycroft just gave him that ‘shut it or I’ll tell mummy on you’ look he hated so much. No wonder his parents had had a second child, clearly, they were so aghast by the first they needed to try again.
Johno moved closer, his hand drifting higher to rub circles into Sherlock’s shoulder blade. “Nigel, can I call you Nigel?”
ammunition to the Taliban. No honour amongst thieves I guess?” John laughed humorlessly. “Fuck, I served my last tour with him, played cards together, got drunk together and then what? That was a shitty day for all of us when we found out.”
“Bastard!” John growled, looking down at Sherlock’s smirking face. “If you don’t get up here and fuck me I’ll kick you in the balls.”
Sherlock slammed the folder shut. He shoved the blankets off and looked down at his body. Except, it wasn’t his body at all. It was John’s. John’s knees peeking out from under the hospital gown, John’s calves, John’s ankles, John’s toes. He had hairy toes.
“About sixty percent I’d say.” Johno shrugged, “It might sound cruel, but I’m not that bothered by the whole thing to be honest. I’ve stopped people from jumping into the enclosure plenty of times. Fucking digbats.”
“Damn, so tight! God you’re so greedy I can feel you pulling my fingers deeper inside you. Fuck, I can’t wait. Sherlock please? I need to be inside you.” John couldn’t watch Sherlock wriggle and pant anymore or he was going to explode.
Shaking some of the melting snow from his coat, Sherlock began his decent down the stairs. It felt further than the blueprints he’d memorised had made them seem, but when he reached the tee junction at the bottom he felt a small pool of relief grow in his gut. At least the schematics of the building didn’t appear to be one of those missing bits of information.
. It had been this train of thought that had led to a quick online search and the purchase of a pirate’s hat, which now sat perched upon his curls (at a jaunty angle) with a red feather flapping in the breeze.
“I love you, idiot. You should have told me.”
“Yes, he’s responsible for the deaths on campus.”
At least Sherlock wouldn’t feel the effects of the time difference as badly as some with his sleeping schedule being so out of ordinary, already. His transport has yet to fail him while crossing the international date line and Sherlock saw no reason why this trip would be any different.
Second Place
John pulled back and pushed in again, as Sherlock shouted one then two, then three. John started going faster and amazingly Sherlock kept up. John grasped Sherlock’s hips and tilted him. “Keep your hips down Cadet!” John gasped.
“Yes.”
“Johnjohnjohnjohnjohn!” Sherlock chants like an incantation as John rubs his rough fingertips over his prostate. “Please! John! I can’t!”
its greg bythe way
breaking into the Old Bailey when John finally arrived. It seemed that he enjoyed punching his way into buildings to get at the people inside. It was starting to become a bad habit. John took a moment to observe the villain before concluding that yes, this was indeed Sherlock Holmes, Consulting Detective. In a pirate’s hat. Lord, people really didn’t
“Then you understand why I will be immediately sending obliviators to this muggles house and, once again fixing up your mess. Really Sherlock, you need to either give up on apparition or focus a bit more. The three D’s and all that.” Mycroft waved a hand absently.
“Right.”
Azza, also known as the Zoo Administrator, laughed heartily. “No no! I like the aircon too much, bloody hell it’s muggy today. I’ve worked up a sweat just showing the officer around!” Azza shrugged in a self-deprecating way and motioned towards Sherlock. “This ‘ere is Nigel Humphrey. He’s been sent by Interpol. If you can believe that?”
“Fantastic.”
“Don’t you ‘mummy’ me young man, I had to spend all morning restoring Greg’s memory.”
“Immobulus!” With a thump, Moran’s back smacked onto the pavement, his whole body stiff as a wooden board. “John! John are you alright? John!” Sherlock was shouting again, his wand movements were frantic as he lowered John into his arms.
“Understood.” Sherlock ended the call and dropped the phone. “John! John, listen to me. You need to cool down. You’re still,
John wondered why no one else had realised this fact, especially considering the man worked as a consultant for Scotland Yard. Surely the police weren’t that incompetent.
Loony Desperado broke into Pentonville Prison wreaking chaos and destruction while assisting in the escape attempts of several prisoners. There seemed to be a madness to the method as various convicted rapists, murderers and thieves walked out unimpeded while other prisoners screamed for assistance from their cells. Loony Desperado walked past these cells with nary a backwards glance.
Sherlock shrugged, “No.” he glanced down at the plate in front of the muggle picked up a slice of bacon and popped it into his mouth.
John’s hand sped up, his panting and thrusting becoming erratic. “Close, fucking... Sherlock.”
“Oh yes, John. I expect you’ll be bringing him along for Christmas this year?”
“Wh-What? No! No! Not me! I never saw them! Don’t know who they are!” Jones quickly rambled.
“Afraid so. Meet me outside London University?”
again. John rinsed his mouth out and took several deep gulps of water from the tap. Then he settled himself and concentrated inwards. Letting the flow of power weaken inside himself, allowing the energy to dwindle off until it was almost nothing.
He groaned and the sound rumbled deep inside his chest.
“Fuck!”
“Used to fancy myself an eco-warrior when I was in Uni.” John let out a self-deprecating laugh. “God I was a drongo.” Sherlock frowned, and glanced over at John he wasn’t sure what a ‘drongo’ was. “Nearly got myself run over by a bulldozer,” John continued, “protesting against the deforestation down in Tassie a few years back.”
“What’s she want this time?” John asked as he flipped the prime steaks he was cooking for their dinner. They were having a domestic night tonight, no cases. They tried to have at least a few nights in a month to just enjoy being home together without running around London after dark wizards or serial killers. John would make dinner (‘Can we have the thing with the peas again, John?’) and they’d share a bottle of wine, snog on the couch and then shag until they collapsed together into a deep sleep until noon the next day.
Sherlock blinked, “You have… A pet goat?”
It took three months for Mycroft to track down Rosamund Moran for them. She was currently staying in Berlin in preparation to attend a political Gala where several very important dignitaries would be. Mycroft suspected Moriarty had instructed the Assassin to kill off the favourite candidate to be voted in during France’s presidential election next month. It was Sherlock and John’s job to stop Miss Moran.
“Another, god Sherlock.” John groaned, the muscles in his stomach tensing and relaxing in a sensual wave as he rocked back on his fingers. “You feel so good inside me. I want to cum on your cock, sweetheart.”
“Yes I’m sure, now hurry the
“So…” John panted, “Are you gonna ride me?”
Sherlock followed the Captain’s directions, he lowered himself down then pushed with all his might. It was easier with him holding his hips. He didn’t have to think so much, but the heat and pressure of the Captains strong hands was distracting and making lightning bolts shoot along his spine.
“John! John! John!” Sherlock chanted, his body gripping John tighter and tighter.
Sherlock forcefully moved his attention from Johno’s face back to the black sack on his shoulder. “Pleasure. I’m to investigate the death of Sebastian Moran.”
The closer he got the hotter his cheeks felt. It was crazy, since Sherlock had hit puberty he had experienced a strong reaction to anything army related. It was extremely embarrassing and he had expected to grow out of the obsession but it only seemed to get worse the older he got.
“Sir!”
“Yes, shame really. I had wanted to win gold, but Yuri Katsuki was a tough act to follow. I didn’t stand a chance after his free skate. He had unbelievable stamina, did all his jumps in the second half of his routines, all his footwork at the beginning.”
Sherlock had only spared himself a brief moment in his hotel room. Enough time to change, and adopt his new ‘identity’ as Nigel Humphrey,  member of Interpol, sent to Australia to investigate the strange death of a British citizen. ‘Nigel’ caught an Uber to Australia Zoo and made his introductions to the Zoo Administrator, who was probably the most boring man Sherlock had ever had the misfortune to meet.
“Well done Cadet, keep going you’re almost there.” Watson praised.
“Jones just spoke to me in the hallway he’s leaving for the airport, said his Mum who lives abroad just got diagnosed with cancer.”
Sherlock flinched backwards and quickly rolled away from the woman. Standing up and watching, in shock as John lost control of himself.
Sherlock pinched himself slightly and groaned. John’s penis twitched under the gown.
“Oh ho, you’ve done it now.” John grinned. “Cap’ll never let you go after you’ve complimented him like that.”
“Aguamenti! JOHN! Reducto!” John heard Sherlock calling him, and he yelled out that he was okay, a bit wet and battered now that Sherlock had basically hit him with the magical equivalent of a fire hose. But at least he wasn’t on fire anymore.
.” All the air seems to have left John’s lungs. Sherlock blushes and lowers his eyes for a moment. “You… You’re not. It’s bad luck for the groom to see-”
“Sherlock, I know…” John hesitated. “I know, fuck. I only met you this morning, but I can’t…” The blonde shook his head. “I have a spare room, at home. After everything that’s just happened. I would feel better if you stayed close. I don’t want to take you back to the hotel only for you to have another panic attack alone.”
John turned to Sherlock, “Sorry about that. Cap’s a big softy. He thinks he’s a lap dog I swear.”
He had appeared in the air, near the ceiling of the room and promptly fell the small distance down and onto the dining table. Plates of breakfast clattered, a pitcher of milk was upturned and Sherlock thinks he felt a fork’s tongs stab him in his right arse cheek.
“I was… Going to tell you. After, after all this was over.” John smiled, “I should have trusted you.”
“Maybe. I’d have to test it. Follow me.” Sherlock glanced up to where he could just make out Rosamund climbing over a railing to get into a better position. “I’m not a fan of climbing up there, she might see us. We need a better plan.”
Sherlock took a breath and turned to look at John. “How am I doing so far?”
“John!” Sherlock gasped, his back smacking against the wall of their room. John had moved away from his mouth and was sucking hot kisses onto Sherlock's neck.
“Starving.”
“Alright fine. Yes. I did. I masturbated with your body. It was good. I did some experiments and once we swap back I want to do it again. Happy?” Sherlock pouted.
It’s a picture that appears to be broadcasting in real time from a police helicopter for all of London to see - a man flying. With a screaming, swaying bundle of red-faced Police Commissioner dangling below him like so much garbage.
On fire.” Sherlock wanted to reach out and touch John, but he couldn’t for fear of getting burned. John was taking huge, gasping breaths. He was on the verge of hyperventilating. “John, listen to my voice. Can you do that? Just focus on my voice, I want you to take a slow deep breath with me. Can you do that?”
“You’re an idiot.”
“Still a puppy then.” Sherlock couldn’t stop the fondness in his tone. If he had one weakness it was dogs. John’s house was neat but homely, it had been too dark to see much when they’d gotten out of the car. From the inside, Sherlock could see that the house was untraditional in its construction. Almost resembling a wood cabin, gnarly unfinished timber had been used for the majority of the building. It gave it a wonderful warm feeling. “This is a beautiful house.”
As Watson stroked a hand down Sherlock’s back he suddenly realised, as was the way with dreams, that he was naked. “Oh!” Sherlock gasped, the Captain grinned at him and leaned in to lick at his neck.
“I need to interview your recruits. It’s a police matter, I’m looking for a murderer who I believe is a part of your squad.”
“Up.” Johno gasped, his arms pulling up, lifting Sherlock onto the table.
Johno was carrying a black cloth bag slung casually over his shoulder. One arm was raised holding onto the lip of the bag, and appeared attractively muscled as it pulled his shirt tight over his bicep. He was blonde, fit and… Sherlock shuddered. Ex-Military.
It was hot. So very, very hot. Hotter than any place should have right to be. The air was heavy with humidity. Sherlock wanted to get back on the plane and fly back to beautiful, wonderful, cold, wet, grey London. Everything here was too bright, too sunny, and too hot. At this rate, he’d never be able to wear his Belstaff.
. Sherlock thought.
. His eyes sparkled with excitement, his cheekbones were perfect and his lips-
“Wha-Really?”
him. He wanted this strong, scarred, odd stranger to kiss him. It was silly and cliche and Sherlock needed to go cool off outside and left off some steam before he did something stupid like fall to his knees and open John’s jeans with his teeth.
“Piss off.”
Sherlock chuckled, “
“Yes, I will. I grant you it’s not every day someone magically falls through my ceiling onto my dining room table but that doesn’t mean I won’t shoot you.”
“William Sherlock Scott Holmes!” His mother’s angry voice greets him through the speaker, “How dare you obliviate your brother’s boyfriend!”
Sherlock froze at the sound of the office door opening, like a deer caught in headlights. Thankfully it wasn’t Major Jones who came into the room.
John almost jumped when he felt Sherlock’s foot stroke up and down his calf, it felt soft and silky through the lycra morph suit. It seemed Sherlock had taken John’s words to heart earlier about being more obvious with his actions and making his intentions clear.
“Apologies Mrs Hudson, once the case is complete I will have someone fix the holes.”
“Move in with me.”
“It’s summer there now, opposite to us.” Mycroft took a sip from his tea, ignoring his brother's attempts at bargaining. “It’s got to do with the position of the sun, which I know you find boring.”
“I think I’ve made a terrible mistake.” Sherlock gasped between sobs, he felt like an idiot. Coming home, to London, to his flat he should be happy. He should feel content, but the truth was he’d left his heart in Australia.
“Really, John?”
“Who are you?” His voice was rough, harsh from disuse Sherlock supposed.
Sherlock grinned at the man and pushed the largest red button on the panel. The moment it was depressed all hell seemed to break loose. The lab, now bathed in bright red flashing lights filled with the sound of alarms and a cacophony of shouting began to echo down the hallway into the lab. All of this, however, did not stop Sherlock from noticing the way the stranger stepped out of his cell and seemed to savour the moment his bare feet passed over the threshold, onto the cold concrete floor. The way the former prisoner took a deep, grounding breath, that filled his chest and seemed designed to show off his lightly defined chest and stomach made Sherlock’s mouth go dry.
Desperado now looked visibly affronted, almost hopping up and down on the spot in outrage.
The second shot found its mark through the man running behind John. He screamed, but John couldn’t stop. He had to keep running. If he tried to help the sniper would just shoot him, there wasn’t any point. The remaining three men started to weave left and right, trying to make it harder for the sniper to get a clear shot. It didn’t work.
John growled, pulling at Sherlock’s jacket and tattered shirt. There was another ripping sound as John tore it from Sherlock and threw it somewhere over his shoulder. “Oh sweetheart, the things you say.”
“No. No, he wasn’t really, was he?”
“Three, my my… That does answer the question on the progress of your recent diet.”
The face looking back at him was John’s face.
Sherlock stared down at his empty teacup. “My work-”
“Your left hand, it’s quite obvious the gun isn’t loaded. You see here,” Sherlock pointed to the man’s wrist. “If the gun was loaded your wrist would be under more strain with the additional weight of a full magazine. Here, the trigger is not engaged. So it’s not that you ‘won’t’ shoot me. It’s that you cannot. Be assured though that I am sure if the gun had been loaded I would be in fear of my life.” Sherlock paused and started at the muggle. “You’re an army doctor.”
Sherlock’s breath caught, “Sherlock.”
“I’m done. It’s enough. I don’t want to run around London anymore. I want to be with you, John. I want to watch the sun rise and set together, I want to see the stars with you. I want to watch you make jam and keep bees and sell organic honey for pocket money.”
“Everte Statum! Arania Exumai!” Sherlock’s voice is firm and strong. There is a small explosion and two of the cars on the street start to wail as the blast causes the alarms to trigger.
He was so warm like he was running a fever. “Sherlock?” John sounded confused.
John groaned, “Really? Penetrate you? You’re dirty talk need work.”
Sherlock kicked out at the Assassin and managed to knock her gun out of her hand. It sailed over the railing and landed with a clatter on the stage below. The fire spread quickly, the curtains lighting up like dried grass. John took a deep breath and began to pull the flames back into himself, but he didn’t need to. The smoke set off the alarms and within seconds the theatre's sprinkler system started pouring water all over them.
“Your uniform will be delivered tonight. Don’t be late brother.”
Suddenly John hears the rattle of metal from above as someone drops down from the fire escape on the side of the building and lands with a solid thump next to John. He caught nothing more than a glimpse of dark curls and a deep blue scarf flapping behind the stranger before the would-be thief, already spooked by John’s presence, decided to drop the handbag, turn heel and run in the opposite direction.
Thankful that the international airport had a florist open at three in the morning Sherlock had purchased a bouquet of blue roses, which unfortunately were a few shades off matching John’s eyes but with so little time to prepare it was the best Sherlock could do. And now, here Sherlock stood, in front of John Watson’s front door at dawn on Valentine's day.
“John?” Sherlock asked, pausing in his quick movements of removing his scarf, belstaff and gloves. “Something wrong?”
“Right which way to a bed, genius?” John asked as he shoved open the door to Sherlock’s living room with his other shoulder.
It was glorious. John kissed like a starving man tasting fresh, cool water for the first time in years. Sherlock’s brain was playing an endless loop of ‘johnjohnjohncaptainjohnwatsoncaptainjohnjohnjohn’. Sherlock’s hands grasped onto John’s arms and squeezed, they were firm and tense with muscle as John pressed him even harder against the door.
“John, these are for you.” Sherlock said, his voice rough and croaky. He gulped, trying to fight back tears, offering the bouquet of flowers to John. “I’m-
“Does it hurt?” The scar just made John even more fascinating, how many people had such a unique scar? It was just another thing about John that made him special.
“What … would you like me … to make him say … next?”
“Right, I’m going to pretend that I understood everything you just said.”
The world came crashing back to John violently. He gasped and flinched as pain spiked across his body. Everything hurt, he couldn’t breath. Something was in his mouth. Panic.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed, “Oh really?”
“Let’s retire.” Sherlock announced.
John nodded, “Not a very imaginative name for a goat I know. But Billy’s a fantastic gal, keeps my grass short and she’s a great laugh. Such a funny one, old Bil.”
Sherlock quirked a brow, this muggle was refreshingly not dull. Interesting.
Sherlock reached for the folder with the sugar tongs, taking it from his brothers grasp like it was some infected or dirty thing he didn’t want to touch. “You’re seriously sending me to Australia? Like some convict?”
“You don’t understand, Sherlock.” John pleaded with him, “I need to hurt her, I need to.”
“Jesus Christ.” John panted, resting his head on Sherlock’s shoulder.
“Quickly! We need to catch him!” Sherlock shouted and ran after him.
Sherlock moaned. What if he pinched? Would that feel better or worse?
“Yes, Major Jones is a budding serial killer and I’ve just found the evidence to put him away for a very long time. Thanks for putting me in his office, by the way.” Finished with the text Sherlock held out John’s phone.
Sherlock’s phone lit up and made an orgasmic ‘ahhh!’ sound.
“Yes.”
Sherlock takes a deep, grounding breath before reaching out and pulling open the door to the main pool room. He hasn’t been back here since Carl was murdered and he was kicked out by the incompetent NSY officers. His eyes dart around the room as he lets the door close behind him with a soft click. He can see John and the flood of relief that washes over him is so powerful Sherlock struggles to stay on his feet.
The useless dunderhead he was carrying trussed up in rope just wouldn’t stop screaming. How irritating.
“You’ve taken something that doesn’t belong to you.”
John had planted many native plants, flowers of all kinds and colours, shrubs and trees all around his property, and he’d also created a large fruit and vegetable garden. Sherlock could see tomatoes, spinach, rosemary, lettuce, pumpkin, sage, zucchini and more that he didn’t recognise.
“To a point, you can’t transfigure say that chair into a sandwich and get any nutritional benefit from it. You also can’t conjure things willy-nilly, it has to exist somewhere for you to bring it forth.” Sherlock explained. “I have my old textbooks here somewhere, you could read them if you like?”
“Hhhuuuummmmmmmfffff!” Sherlock whines as John slides the head of his prick up and down Sherlock’s arsehole. The tip of his cock catches on Sherlock’s rim and slips inside. “AH! YES!” Sherlock’s hips rock back onto John and he grinds down.
Sherlock stops at the unexpected shout before rolling his eyes and muttering to himself. “Wrong. Less than a month in this business and they already get the name wrong. It’s Bloodhound. Because of the feather. And I sniff out corruption. Obviously.”
“And the sex.” Sherlock grinned.
“Hello, darling! Calling in big brother for help? Too bad, so sad.” Moriarty laughed. “I’m afraid he’s not available. In fact, he’s a little tied up at the moment. What do you think Sherlock? Let me know after the beep. Will he sink or swim?”
John walked into the room carefully stepping over a few old case files before bending down and starting to collect anything that looked important or mostly intact. It took a few hours for John to clear half the room, their carpets would need to be replaced.
John wiped tears from his eyes, taking the flower and putting it behind his ear. “No, you're just staying with me for my dogs. I'm onto you.” John looked down at Sherlock with a watery smile.
“Orbis! Carpe Retractum! I knew it! You’re a wizard after all, Holmes!”
Sherlock followed Johno as he made his way over to a hidden door marked ‘Staff Only’ and punched in the pin. Sherlock glanced down at the keypad. Even without having watched Johno punch in the code he would have known the numbers. Clearly, the Zoo hadn’t changed the code for some time. The print on the five, nine, and three keys had almost worn off.
John watched in awe as Mr Blue Scarf, now finished with his phone bent down and lifted Mr Amberley without any apparent effort off of John. “Are you alright?” He asked.
“Oh!” Sherlock’s hands fell away from John’s shoulders to join his in Sherlock's lap. Tugging at John’s belt. He couldn’t concentrate properly, couldn’t get his hands to follow his commands. John pulled on his cock, twisting his foreskin as he reached the head. Sherlock broke their sloppy kiss to let out a deep mewling cry.
The uniform had already been delivered by the time Sherlock made it back to 221B. One of Mycroft’s minions had actually laid it out on his bed. Standard army camo fatigues, including belt, boots and hat. Sherlock just stood in his bedroom doorway for several minutes staring at the uniform before he felt ready to approach it.
onto my kitchen table. Fucks sake, you gave me a heart attack you posh git.” Sherlock’s eyes swept over John’s body again, just like they had yesterday morning. It felt like being under a microscope.
“It was a long time ago, it honestly hadn’t occurred to me to inform you of my time spent completing. I was only eighteen at the time, and I was only trying to win because I was bored. I only competed for one season, I didn’t want to make a caree-umf.”
“Sherlock, I think you love this man.”
Sherlock struggled to keep up with the Captain, after his earthshattering orgasm and push ups his limbs still didn’t want to listen to his brain properly. So he was very thankful to watch John vault over a fence and charge into the staff parking lot and crash tackle Major Jones to the ground. Sherlock pulled a pair of zip ties out of his trouser pocket and quickly tied up their killer.
“Fucking lunatics! You‘ve shattered my pelvis!” The thief screams,  “You ain’t no coppers! Please don’t kill me! I swear I will never steal again!”
John leaned forward and sucked a nipple into his mouth and that was it, Sherlock’s whole body went ridged and he yelled John’s name. Hot bursts of semen painted Sherlock and John’s chest. The exquisite squeeze from the contractions of Sherlock’s orgasm toppled John over the edge and he collapsed on top of the detective.
He could keep dropping him, however many times it took for the message to get through, really. It would be an interesting experiment to determine how many repeated drops it would take for the man to remain silent for the rest of their flight to the prison.
“It’s okay, I understand why you didn’t tell me.” Sherlock stepped closer, their chests pressed together.
“Sherlock!” John called. “What the fuck? You can channel too?”
“Jesus Christ!”
“I’m ex-military, mate.” John said with a shrug, pulling the trigger and putting a bullet right between Jim Moriarty’s eyes.
“John!”
“John!” Sherlock screamed, his whole body shaking as his cock spurt hot semen between them.
Sherlock flicked his hair back away from his eyes, they were both sweaty now. John was warmer than he’d been at the beginning, but he was conscious of keeping the power down. He couldn't risk accidentally channelling and burning Sherlock.
“Wha-?” Sherlock frowned, his hands coming up to stroke over John’s chest, feeling the raised bumps of the scar tissue.
“And alert every bodyguard in the theatre?” Sherlock whispered back at John, before reaching out for the ladder and starting to climb. “We’d never find her in the mass panic, same problem with your fire alarm idea.”
Mr Amberley chose this moment to let out a rather pathetic whimper of pain and sadness. Mr Blue Scarf considered the criminal for a moment before sighing disdainfully into his smartphone. “You should invest in a futon, Lestrade. Your wife has found other uses for your marital bed. Again. Perhaps an ambulance should also be arranged as we may have broken Mr Amberley.”
“John! Ah! Yes! F-Fffuck! So good. Love it.” Sherlock babbled. “So good, please more! More!” John scissored his fingers and leaned down to press a kiss to Sherlock perineum. He licked and sucked on the soft flesh and mouthed as Sherlock’s balls which had drawn tight to his body already. “Johnjohnjohnjohn!” Sherlock chanted and rocked back onto John’s fingers.
“Oh isn’t be precious!” Moriarty giggles, “Oh Johnny boy, how I missed you.”
John picked up the silver medal and turned it around in his hand.
John laughed, his eyes sparkling, “So you’re here as a favour to your brother then?” John asked, “So, did you get to choose Nigel Humphery as your undercover name?”
Sherlock wrinkled his nose in distaste. “Not really my area.”
Spot, John’s old retired dairy cow and Billy the goat were the funniest creatures Sherlock had ever met. Billy was under the assumption that she could stand on top of anything and everything. Including Spot. Sherlock had just stood still and blinked stupidly for several moments when Spot came trotting over to John with the goat standing tall, riding the cow’s back.
“Miss Adler, I presume.” Sherlock was both stunned and impressed at Irene Adler’s gall to stride, happy as you please, into a room completely naked with a total stranger. What shocked him even further, was her next statement.
The nurse had already left, now it was just a waiting game. John shouldn’t take too long, he hoped.
There was a crack and then Jones was on the ground again moaning pitifully and bleeding from a nasty split lip. Sherlock glanced up at the Captain, he’d just punched Major Jones in the face.
“Hong Kong.” Sherlock bargained.
The sun was just peeking over the horizon, the sky beginning to turn a brilliant orange-pink as the light chased away the darkness of the night before. Sherlock glanced down at his hands, perhaps it was time he started believing in something as silly as fate. As he’d been sitting on the plane coming to land in Brisbane Airport the pilot had wished all aboard a Happy Valentine’s Day.
Sherlock stopped listening, his eyes still looking into the darkness of the ‘Reptile Cave’ where the mysterious Johno had disappeared. This case had just been bumped up to a 10.
The drive out of the city to John’s house was quiet. Sherlock felt like an idiot, who had a panic attack in a public bathroom because he didn’t want to separate from a man he’d known for less than twenty-four hours? Ridiculous.
“Obscuro! Herbifors!”
“Oi!”
John watched his tall saviour retreat outside, slipping on his heavy coat as he pressed the cabin door closed behind him. For a moment John just stood there, alone in the small room, without being watched. Without having to control his breathing, without having to channel energy through his body to keep warm. John wasn’t sure how long he’d been locked up, he’d need to ask Sherlock the date. He wanted to remember it, celebrate it in future like a birthday.
“Captain Watson” Sherlock greeting, trying not to collapse right there and then and plead with the man to finish what he’d started on the field and fuck him into next sunday.
“Who are you and how the hell did you get in here?” The muggle demanded.
“As you should, Lestrade. I don’t understand why we go through this every time-” Sherlock broke off his usual rant as his phone started to ring in his pocket. Sherlock pulled out the smartphone and glanced at the screen before swiping to accept.
Sherlock was safe though, that was the most important thing. He’d managed to get himself out before the bomb had gone off. A farewell present from Mary,
As Sherlock and his unwanted tour guide were making their way past the Reptile section of the Zoo, the Administrator suddenly made a very strange shouting noise.
“Sherlock!”
Sherlock shut his eyes (John’s eyes) tightly and breathed.
“Ah! S-s-ssssix!” Sherlock hissed.
Sherlock frowned, he’d not heard of these twins before. “Who are they?”
John was right behind him, he growled into Sherlock's ear giving himself one final rough pull and then Sherlock could feel the hot splatters of cum pulse over his stomach and cock. Their combined cum pooling between them and soaking their pants.
Sherlock shook his head, “No I didn’t choose it, Mycroft thinks he’s funny.” he sighed. “But it would be best if you kept that bit of information to yourself.”
“Oh?” Johno’s blue eyes locked with Sherlock’s, “Well, G’day Mister Humphrey! It’s nice to meet you.” Johno reached out with one tanned, calloused hand which Sherlock shook. His hand was warm, grip firm. Sherlock needed to get control of himself. He hadn’t been sent to Australia to swoon over hot army men in tight uniforms, who happened to have wonderful windswept silvery-blonde hair, a charming smile and eyes that seemed to sparkle in the bright sun.
“You can ask me anything,” John said, finally breaking the silence. “I think it’s safe to say you feel this same pull. It’s like…” John made a humming sound to himself. “It’s like I’ve always known you. Perhaps in a past life?” He laughed, “If you believe in such things.”
“Hmmm?” Sherlock hummed around the lobe of John’s ear, which he had just bitten.
“Oh…” Sherlock frowned and took the medal out of John’s hands and looked down at it. “I thought I’d left this at home with Mummy. She likes to keep all my medals.”
“Sherlock, you’re… I-I’m sorry. You shouldn’t have seen that.”
“Pardon?” Sherlock blinked in confusion.
“Yes Sir!” The whole group shouted back.
“I know,” Sherlock reached out and rested his hand softly on John’s shoulder, giving it a gentle squeeze. “Sleep, John. I’m going to step outside for a cigarette and bring Mycroft up to date. There is a bathroom through that door.”
“Not sure what good it will be, don’t know much, to be honest. Only what I overheard, or what I learned while I was stuck in that cell.” John shrugged, his scarred hands coming to rest on the wooden table in front of him.
“I need to go back to the airport.”
John took the leather gloved hand and shook it firmly. “John Watson.”
“Catch you, later.”
It was everything Sherlock could have ever wanted. A warm home, the sound of paws clicking around as George continued to follow his master, the wuffing of Captain Barks as he chased something in dreamland, the vibrating purr of Samantha in his lap, and the wonderful engaging conversation with John as they learnt all there was to know about the other.
At least walking home in the dark involved a certain level of risk. John caught himself wishing Loony Desperado would make another appearance and cause some mayhem if only so that it would give him an excuse to put on his Captain London guise again.
Sherlock turned his head around to look at John’s face. It was true, he did feel like he knew John. Like they’d been lifelong friends, except Sherlock had never been to Australia before and John had been born and raised here. “You fascinate me, John,” Sherlock admitted. “Like no one ever has before. I’m drawn to you, physically, obviously... But there is something else.”
John left the dying flames alone and made his way over to the two fighting on the ground. John caught one of Rosamund's legs, just below her ankle, as it flung up in the air for balance. She screamed as he touched her, his hands glowed white hot with heat and the smell of burning flesh was almost overwhelming.
“Ballet!?”
Desperado’s eyes narrowed at John’s gesture. “John?”
“Yes,
“You’re really going back to London then?” John asked.
John grinned. “That was so hot, I wanted to fuck you so bad and you kept sticking out your arse like an offering. Jesus Christ. Please let me, Sherlock please. I want to.”
“Cadet Holmes, is there something I can do for you?” Captain Watson said as he stood up from his desk. Sherlock was in the officers building again, but this time instead of Major Jones to greeting him it was John Watson.
It was a struggle for the two to separate long enough to completely undress, but they managed it. Once they were both naked coming back together again was glorious. Sherlock ran his hands up and down John’s back as he licked and sucked on the exit wound the bullet had created on his left pectoral muscle. John groaned and gasped as Sherlock continued to lavish attention on the scar. It was apparently hypersensitive.
“Yessssss…” Sherlock hissed, “Oh God, John I
Sherlock slams the door of his mind palace closed behind him and folds himself into his armchair in 221B. He quickly touches his face.
“Yes! Hurry, hurry hurry! Please, want your cock! So much! John please! Now!” Sherlock pulled his legs back against his chest, he’d let go at some point but he couldn’t remember when.
It had taken a fair amount of convincing on Sherlock’s part to ensure that he was alone in the room when John woke up. He needed to be because otherwise he would be terrified, just like Sherlock had been to wake up in another body.
“I will kick you.”
John nodded and made his way over to the box, busying himself with setting up the wood to begin the fire. Sherlock shucked off his wet coat, hung it on the back of the door and went to rummage through the vacuum-packed bundles of emergency clothing that Mycroft had thoughtfully stockpiled for him. Ripping open one of the bags Sherlock pulled out a few jumpers, undershirts, pants, jeans and socks. The sizes weren’t going to be ideal for John’s smaller, stockier frame but they’d at least prevent the man from freezing to death.
Captain Barks had taken that very moment to launch himself at Sherlock, knocking him over and licking his face. George pranced about excitedly barking, trying to get between Sherlock and Cap so he too could snuggle and lick him.
Sherlock smiled. “I’m here John, we’ll do the experiment in a moment.”
“No worries,
“You’re late Cadet Holmes.” Captain Watson snapped at him as he jogged onto the field.
“Deleted it.”
John has been sitting in his bedsit, attempting to put together some semblance of a super suit after hearing about the break-in at Pentonville Prison. He has some vague idea about anonymously tracking down the fugitives and restoring balance but as he looks indecisively at the face of the suit and wonders how much he really prioritises breathing and whether a hole for his mouth and nose is actually optional he is interrupted. A news broadcast flashes across his television with the words LIVE! glaring at him from the corner of the screen.
“John! It’s Sherlock, really. I thought I explained that yesterday.”
“Good morning.” Sherlock’s voice was sleep rough, his greeting ending in a yawn.
Sherlock sighed and just listened to his brother breath for a moment. As annoying as Sherlock found his brother to be, Mycroft’s sporadic phone calls had always helped keep Sherlock grounded. “Did anyone escape?”
The Captain shoved a brown paper bag, which obviously contained his pre-packed lunch into Sherlock’s arms. “I’m leaving you in Major Jones capable hands. I don’t want to see you again until next week when you’re ready to put some real effort into training. And for god’s sake, eat!” Watson snapped and closed the Officer’s door behind him.
Sherlock had never told him that he’d competed in ice skating before, in fact, John hadn’t even known Sherlock
. Ask me why his eyes glow. Ask me why he doesn’t get cold. Ask me.
“There you go John. Just relax you’ll be asleep again in-”
“Oh! Yes, please.”
“Shut up and fuck me.”
“John. What the hell …?”
“Not that I’ve been made aware of. It would seem congratulations are in order. This makes five successful solo missions, Sherlock. Are you sure you won’t consider taking on a more permanent role?”
“Sherlock. You’re not listening to me.” Mrs Hudson pulled Sherlock’s hand closer, pinching the skin of his wrist to get his attention.
Sherlock nodded. “Is he okay? Will he be okay?”
Everything went white, then suddenly black.
As promised John dropped Sherlock off at his hotel on his way to the Zoo. Sherlock would never admit to watching the electric blue Prius for as long as possible until it turned a corner and disappeared from sight. The loss of John’s presence weighed heavily on his mind as he showered and dressed in clean clothes.
John nodded. “Okay, breath in. Hold it, relax into it, let your shoulders drop. Now breath out slowly, one, two, three, four, five. Now breath in again, one, two, three, four, five. Good. You’re doing great.” Sherlock stepped closer to John, his skin was starting to lose its glow. “Fantastic, again. One, two, three, four, five. Let your shoulders relax, great, and out, one, two, three, four, five.”
were innocent…”
The Zoo Administrator met him at the front gates, Sherlock frowned pulling off the stolen helmet and throwing it uncaringly away. “Azza, we need to hurry! Call the police, there is-” Sherlock’s words caught in his throat. The Administrator had pulled a gun from behind his back and pointed it at Sherlock’s chest.
Yes, right… I-I’m Captain London and I have come to put an end to your reign of tyranny!” The so-called ‘Captain’ puffed out his chest and rested his fists on his hips, once again attempting to copy the typical pose of a Superhero. His sheet-cape caught the wind at that moment and jerked his neck backwards.
Was it consensual for Sherlock to touch John in this way? Sherlock didn’t know but it was too late to ask John. He was unconscious possibly stuck inside Sherlock’s body and if Sherlock waited anymore he would pee all over himself.
Hospital food was disgusting. Sherlock had picked at the dinner he’d been brought and decided it wasn’t worth the effort of digesting it and left it. That had been two hours ago and now Sherlock was left to stare up at the white hospital ceiling and panic. How was he going to get back into his own body? Was he going to be stuck like this for the rest of his life? Was John going to be stuck in his body? Can they fix this? Would John even want to stay with him?
You’re better than this.”
Sherlock snatched the blindfold from his face, the time difference between this blasted place and home was disgusting. It would take days for his internal clock to adjust. When he got back to London Sherlock was going to break into Mycroft's prissy house and spray paint every single one of his antiques hot pink. The bastard.
Sherlock had been mistaken, hell wasn’t being alone in his bedroom with empty army fatigues. Hell was standing at attention in a line up of fit 20 to 35-year-old men all in uniform waiting for their Captain to inspect their uniforms.
“I’m here John, it’s okay you can rest.” Sherlock touched his cheek and brushed a tear from his eye. He tried again to open them but they just watered too much.
“How…”
“Cadet Holmes!” Captain Watson’s sharp voice cut through his fantasy. “Are we going too fast for you?”
“Oh my god, Sherlock!” John slammed their fridge door closed and stormed into their living room. “What the fuck is in our fridge?”
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open in shock, “How?”
John lost a little ground in his hesitation and struggled to catch up with the longer stride of Mr Blue Scarf, but as they reached the end of the alleyway he was only a step or two behind. They entered the main street, the thief re-appeared nearby running straight even as Mr Blue Scarf shouted, “Turn left!” at John while he swung right.
The splash of icy water over Sherlock's face helped to calm his racing mind, he could feel the anxiety and panic building. Everything was moving too fast, John was everything he could have dreamed about in a partner but there was one problem: John belonged here, and Sherlock belonged in London.
Sherlock was then introduced to several other staff members who were all very tedious, and then after a very much unwanted comment concerning his nutrition from the Administrator’s wife (who was also his secretary) Sherlock found himself on a personal tour of the Zoo and all of its insipid attractions.
“Keep up Holmes!”
“Long enough.”
“Is that what that foul smelling green gunk is? What the hell is it doing in our fridge, my dear
Two hours later Sherlock arrived at the coroner's office. “Ah, Agent Humphrey, we were expecting you. Right this way, I’ve moved the body to the examination room for you.” The pathologist greeted Sherlock, handing him Moran’s autopsy report.
Mycroft downed the last of his tea, placing his cup down on the table between them with a soft clink. He stood, hands automatically reaching around to fix his jacket and button it closed. It was a little tight around the middle. He’d put on two pounds since Sherlock had seen him last. “Your flight leaves in, oh…” Mycroft flicked his wrist, his watch flipping upright with the movement. He smirked, pulling his sleeve back to view the face. “Two hours.”
“I am entirely real.”
“Obviously Anderson, I have eyes.” Sherlock huffed. “Just because you need the most obvious of facts pointed out to you doesn’t mean we all do.”
John chuckled and pulled himself up onto the crosswalk. They’d lost sight of Rosamund, that was bad news. Sherlock poked John in the chest and then pointed at himself then to the left, then at John and to the right. He wanted them to split up. John shook his head. Sherlock pointed again. John shook his head. Sherlock made a,
“John! John! Listen to me. It’s Sherlock. You’re alright. You’re in hospital. I’m here.”
“No idea what you’re talking ‘bout, mate.”
“Of course she did.”
“Ah-ah-ah three!” Sherlock panted and dropped down and pushed back up again. “F-Fuck-Four!”
“You’re sending me back to school?”
John’s cock was hard and hot. So hot. Sherlock let his fingertips just softly brush over the length of it. It twitched again, it actually lifted up off John’s lower belly and brushed against his hand. “John!” Sherlock wriggled down the bed and spread his legs wide. He grasped John’s cock firmly,
Sherlock nodded, flicking the report open and scanning the text. Nothing unusual, no markings or tattoos on the body, no foreign DNA found. Whoever had done this was good. Sherlock slipped on a pair of blue latex gloves and removed the sheet from Moran’s remains. It was a mess.
“Keep your voice down!”
Sherlock checked his email, there was a message from his brother. Apparently, Mycroft was on his way to Australia himself. Some new sensitive information regarding the case had come to light that he wanted to speak with Sherlock about in person. Checking the folder for the details Sherlock arranged an Uber, sending a quick message back to his brother informing him of his plans to inspect the body and for Mycroft to meet him there.
Sherlock pulled his mouth off John’s cock with a wet pop. “John, I told you. It’s
“Alright then,” Sherlock pulled one of John’s hands away from his arse and squirted a glob of lube onto his palm. “Make me all sick and wet for your cock, John. I want to ride you until I cum.”
“Down lower Cadet. I want to see your hips brush the ground.” The Captain commanded.
. “Yeah, yeah I’m fine.” Mr Blue Scarf held out his hand and helped John to his feet.
At this, Sherlock turns around in disbelief. “Immediately? Surely I should land first unless you are wishing me to engage in an act of murder?” The interloper was dressed in the most ridiculous outfit Sherlock had ever seen, it was obviously some attempt at the overused and cliched Superhero costume. No doubt the imbecile has picked a suitably unimaginative name to match. Great Britain Man, or some such.
“Cap!” John shouted. “Get down, you great big idiot.”
“Well, you have just killed a man.” Sherlock steps closer, invading John’s personal space.
One of Johno's arms reached blindly to sweep all the random medical instruments off the steel table. They crashed loudly to the floor, Sherlock heard the crack and tinkling shatter sounds of glass breaking.
Prison overpopulation became less of an issue when innocent men were no longer incarcerated. Perhaps the events of today would sufficiently scare the Commissioner into walking a more righteous path. If not, there was still the stash of evidence back at 221B.
It was so strange, laying there with blankets, staring up at a ceiling that wasn’t white. It was almost like a dream, one which John hoped he’d never wake up from. As John drifted off to that strange place between sleeping and being awake it suddenly dawned on him. What if this was all a dream? What if he woke up, back in his glass prison. What if he woke up on the scientist's operating table? Perhaps they had just drugged him again, and were digging around in his flesh trying to find the source of his power?
He was safe now, warm, able to breathe. He didn’t need to channel, he needed to let go. He needed to look normal, or Sherlock wouldn’t have a reason to hand him over and be experimented on. He couldn’t let that happen
John is carried down by a gentle gust of wind and the two lovers pull each other into a tight embrace. “Just... “ John squeezed him tighter, “Fuck it feels good to hold you. Just tell me one thing, Sherlock.”
John grabbed a pillow from beside Sherlock’s head and shoved it under his hips. “I’m here, love. Let’s cum together, if we can manage. Fuck you’re so hot!” John lined himself up with Sherlock’s hole and pushed in softly. As much as he wanted to just pound into Sherlock until they both came he didn’t want to hurt him.
Sherlock was gasping and panting as he stroked his (John’s) cock. “Ah!” He was dripping pre-cum onto his belly. Actually dribbling. It was wet and slippery and hot, so hot.
In fact, John was so smitten with Sherlock Holmes that he was actively contemplating telling him. He’d never told anyone his secret. The only people who knew where his Mum, Dad and Sister. His Mum and Dad wouldn’t be telling anyone anytime soon, being that they had died when John was eighteen. His sister could feasibly tell someone, but the likelihood of anyone believing her was slim.
“She worked at the University, same as the other two. She was knocked unconscious brought here and tied up, looks like this one woke up before he broke her neck. There are signs of struggle around the ropes.” Anderson explained.
Sherlock sighed, the kind that used his whole body. His chest expanded and then as all the air rushed out of his lungs his shoulders lowered and his posture shrunk. “I know how the law works, brother dear. I do work for both the Muggle and Magical police.”
“Oh! You naughty thing!” John purred, but quickly pulled the hospital gown over his head and wriggled out of the track pants. John had to force himself to focus on removing his own clothes when he hears the sound of Sherlock’s zipper and the telltale flop of the taller man's trousers landing on the floor beside the bed.
John just stared at him for a moment. Sherlock could see his eyes growing dark with arousal. “I need to make you blush more often.” John said, causing Sherlock’s blush to darken further.
“I’m afraid I don’t have any milk, do you take sugar?”
“Oh my god…
“Oh for fuck's sake,” John growled, curling himself into a tighter ball, lowering his legs from Sherlock’s shoulders to wrap around his waist, rolling them over. Sherlock’s stomach lurched, for a moment thinking they’d roll right off the kitchen bench and onto the floor. John controlled their movement perfectly, Sherlock found himself laying on his back right at the edge of the counter with John sitting on his cock.
insufferable after this, he was sure. But at least this opportunity promised a taste of real action even if it was as ordinary John Watson rather than Captain London.
“You’re very loyal, very quickly.”
“You’re sending me to Australia?” The disbelief and horror were blatantly obvious in his tone.
How mature of you. - SH
“Yeah, well…” John shrugged and rubbed the back of his head self-consciously.
Sherlock didn’t need telling twice, he rocked himself back and forth lifting himself up and down, shifting so John's cock would strike his prostate on every thrust. John helped by gripping the slim man's waist and thrusting up into Sherlock’s arse as he dropped down.
Sherlock was also sure that he was done waiting for John to make the first move. He was addicted to John, mind, body and heart. He needed him to function, to sleep, to eat. It probably wasn’t healthy to need another human being as much as Sherlock Holmes needed John Watson but it didn’t matter.
anal sex. Please.
“Hmm!” John groaned and tried to open his eyes but they stung.
“I believe you, I just… Well. It’s not really fair, is it? You can conjure lube whenever you want, and that’s fine for you but what if I wanna keep you mindless with lust for me hmm? I don’t like breaking the mood to have to bring your wits back long enough for you to twizzle your wand.”
Sherlock gathered all the moments his mind was clinging to and tried to shove them into one room, but the door refused to close. The taste of John’s kisses or the sound he made when he’d cum all over Sherlock earlier would escape and he’d have to snatch it back and shove it inside again.
Sherlock glanced up from where he was bent uncomfortably over some files on the ULOTC recruits. So far he’d not found any leads on which one was the murderer and he was running out of time. There was a chance that the killer could strike again. The wall in question was covered in photos of all the male recruits in uniform pinned to the wall.
“Oh?”
“You’re the one who shot him. Don’t blame me.”
“John?”
“You won a medal?” John said blankly.
Sherlock groaned and let himself fall face first onto his bed. “I am in hell.”
He glared at the nameplate, why did it say ‘William’? It should say ‘Sherlock’ surely that had been in his file? With a growl, Sherlock ripped the name off the door, opened it and went inside. There was a pen on John’s bedside table. He snatched it up, flipped the card over and wrote in block letters ‘SHERLOCK HOLMES’ on it before shoving it back on the door and slamming it closed.
“Urrrrrhhh.” John gurgled. That must have been Sherlock, no one else would force him out of a medicated sleep just to tell him he needed help with his experiments. The world was fading again, he was tired his body felt heavy and the pain was going away.
John turned to look back at him, his eyes were back to their glowing amber. The same they had been when Sherlock had first broken him out of his prison. Now it all made sense, why Moriarty had kept him locked up. Why John’s cell had been climate controlled. Why they had experimented on him.
John chuckled, his voice rough and breathless. “I wanted to bend you over the moment I saw you. Fuck. You’re so…” John bit down on Sherlock’s lower lip, sucking it into his mouth and pulling back, releasing it with a wet pop. Sherlock couldn’t stop the whine that escaped from his chest.
John’s eyes were almost entirely black, “Oh my… Sherlock are you real? Am I dreaming?”
“I warned you.” Sherlock growled, “I said, let him go. Or I’ll kill you. You have chosen death, and I will give it to you.” The air elemental looked down at the gun in his hands, then threw it into the circling vortex of wind. It was carried, like magic through the storm to smash with tremendous force into John’s glass prison, shattering it and carrying the glass safely away from John.
“Mr Watson!”
“Are you serious?”
“Yes. It’s my brother. Excuse me for a moment.” Sherlock mentally thanked his brother for his impeccable timing, pulled out his phone which was still playing Mycroft’s personalised ringtone and swiped his finger over the screen to answer. “Mikey, my love. Have I told you how much I hate puppies?”
“Follow me!” Johno grinned, picking up his own two buckets and pushing the door open with his hip.
Sherlock goes boneless and sleeps.
“Yes, you did. Did you mean it? Do I have your heart?”
“Hang on, hang on. You said you’d been inside my body for a week?”
“I’m s-sorry sir, do you want me to start again?” Sherlock puffed and glanced up at the Captain. If his face could get any redder it certainly gave it a try. John Watson’s deep blue eyes were blown wide, his pupils were heavily dilated and Sherlock could tell his breathing and heart rate were elevated. He was aroused.
As he listened to Mycroft talk, Sherlock reached for the now whistling kettle. “I’m not a pawn for you to move around your chessboard Mycroft. Once this is over my debt to you is finished, no more calling in little favours big brother.”
The feeling inside Sherlock’s chest was unlike anything he had ever experienced before. It was almost like what he remembered his first Christmas morning felt like. The excitement and happiness filling him up, the anticipation of what was to come. What treasures he would find wrapped in festive paper under the tree. John wasn’t just physically beautiful to Sherlock, he was perfect.
One of John’s hands slid up Sherlock’s back and into his hair, gripping the curls tightly and pulling. “You need to…” Sherlock nipped at John’s shoulder in retaliation. “Sherlock!”
“John!” Sherlock’s body was aflame, he’d never, not even when he was high felt this all-consuming burn of lust before. He just wanted to touch John, to taste him, have him inside. Now. “Fuck me, oh god. Now. Now. Now.”
“Oh, pish-posh you’ll be fine. That didn’t hurt.” Mrs Hudson suddenly became deadly serious. “I want you to imagine the rest of your life here, without John. You’re thirty-eight years old. How much longer do you think you’ll be able to run around after criminals? Ten years? Twenty? Then what?”
Sherlock reaches back up to his face, his fingers (John Watson’s fingers) are shaking.
“Oh!” Sherlock arched up into John, their chests and hips pressing against one another through their clothes.
“Of course I’m sure, Sherlock. I asked you, didn’t I?”
Could he make John come like this? From touching his nipples only? It certainly felt like it. “Oh god, John!” Sherlock moaned and suddenly had a genius idea. He had two hands, and John’s body had two nipples.
Sherlock shook himself, his mind palace had never been like this before. His breath was short, his chest tight. He couldn’t breathe. “John!” Sherlock gasped.
“I most certainly am not.”
“Ah!”
“I’m afraid Major Jones has been called away, you can start with me if you like.” The Captain offered. “I’m free now in fact. Please, Holmes have a seat. Can I get you anything? Tea, coffee or a glass of water perhaps?”
“Yes, tell me, tell me what you like Sherlock.”
I think if you died here, while he was gasping for air and powerless to stop me he would finally crack. He could tell me the secret to his power. That’s what I want Sherlock.”
was decidedly unheroic. Sherlock waited for the upstart to correct himself while also noting the disparity between the Captain’s sheet-cape and his own much more manageable and stylish Belstaff, billowing just so without interfering with his balance.
Mrs Hudson began stroking his hair softly, “What’s happened?” Sherlock shuddered, finally losing the battle and letting the tears fall. “Oh, Sherlock.”
John nodded and shifted forward in his red armchair towards Sherlock. They were sitting facing each other in front of the fire. It was very warm and cosy and John thought that if he got to spend every night just like this for the rest of his life in Baker Street he would die a very happy man. John overbalanced a bit and ended up with one knee on the floor between Sherlock’s legs, and one hand braced firmly on one of Sherlock’s long legs. “Uh…” John hesitated to push himself back up into his chair.
“The bullet they just dug out of the wall’s from a handgun. Kill shot over that distance from that kind of a weapon – that’s a crack shot you’re looking for, but not just a marksman; a fighter. His hands couldn’t have shaken at all, so clearly he’s acclimated to violence. He didn’t fire until I was in immediate danger, though, so strong moral principle. You’re looking for a man probably with a history of military service… and nerves of steel… Actually, do you know what?
The Captain clapped his hands loudly right in front of Sherlock face, which caused him to jump. “Now I have you attention Cadet Holmes, I want you to drop and give me twenty pushups. Now.”
In the morning the smell of something delicious cooking roused him. Captain Barks had left a dog shaped depression in the blankets. Sherlock stepped out of the room, raising his arms over his head and bending his back to stretch his sleepy muscles. John was humming to himself in the kitchen, feeding scraps of breakfast to George and Cap. Sammy was perched on top of the fridge overseeing the morning’s activities below, her tail swishing back and forth.
“Nope, I don’t want you out of my arms for the next twelve hours at least, so this is the best solution. Up we go!” John chuckled and began to climb the stairs, his hands slid down from Sherlock’s hips to pat, group and squeeze Sherlock arse.
“Sniper! Sniper! Sniper!”
The body of the secretary was found in the same pose as the previous two had been. She was tied up in a kneeling position in front of the Queen Victoria statue. The words ‘Hail Empress of India’ had again been printed in large block letters and stapled to the victim’s chest. Her head fell back at an unnatural angle proving that her neck had been broken, the same cause of death as the previous victims.
“You planned this,” Sherlock said, his mind suddenly putting it all together. “You wanted us out of London.”
“No Sherlock, I just didn’t
“I could shoot her from here.” John offered, pulling his handgun from his holster. Together they made their way over to one of the access ladders up to the rigging above the stage, there were crosswalks at the top they could walk on at least.
As John is rushing out of his dreary beige bedsit he grabs his set of red rubber washing up gloves from the sink and quickly pulls on matching wellingtons. There is a moment before John leaves his bedsit where he briefly realises that all Superheros wear a cape. As an afterthought, John snatches a white sheet off his bed and swiftly ties it around his neck. Kicking the door shut behind him, John pauses a moment to rehearse his Hero Pose™, before lifting off into the air to fly to the scene of the crime in progress.
They were back in 221B now, several Chinese food containers spread around them. Sherlock was showing off some of his magic for John, it was brilliant. Sparks of blue, purple and orange exploded from the end of his wand and he twirled it around his fingers.
“Probably.” Sherlock agreed with a shrug. “Moriarty’s dead, Moran’s in Azkaban. Irene and Kate are off somewhere in Europe on another sex-holiday. Everything is just, perfect.”
Sherlock shoved Cap’s head away when the dog, overcome with happiness tried to lick his face. “Enough now, Cap.” Sherlock admonished firmly. Captain Barks moved off of Sherlock and instead threw himself onto John.
“It cannot be helped Mrs Hudson, I need to think. I need to find this criminal and I’m running out of time!”
There is a soft touch to his shoulder and Sherlock looks up into dark blue eyes. It’s John. The John he constructed as a companion in his mind. He’s wearing his burgundy jacket open, checkered shirt underneath.
Sherlock smirked, “John. I know how to make you cum so hard you express 10 milliliters of ejaculate after which you will experience between twelve to eighteen dry contractions.”
The buildings were lit up with bright purples, reds, whites and oranges as the two wizards duelled. Mycroft would not be happy once he found out Sherlock had participated in an extremely public display of magic in the middle of Muggle London. John tried to pull his legs free of the sticking charm but found it impossible.
John stayed, kneeling on the floor and just looked at Sherlock. He was painfully beautiful, a bit public school, posh beyond reason and more charming that John would ever admit out loud. “Do you… I mean.” John cleared his throat and shifted his position on the floor. His hand was stroking Sherlock’s leg. He tried to make himself stop but found it impossible.
“John!” Sherlock shouted, feeling like he could cum already. Forcing his eyes open again was a mistake, the sight of John’s body flexing and moving. The pink scar tissue of the crocodile bite stretching tight over his skin, the flush over his cheeks, the sweat dripping down his chest, the smell of them together. It was too much. “I’m gonna-” Sherlock groaned.
Sherlock’s hand touched John’s, squeezing. “Yes, I think-” Sherlock coughed, his throat felt tight again, his eyes prickling. He would not cry. Not in front of this wonderful, perfect man. “I think that’s a good idea. I don’t want to be alone either.”
John was on fire. But it was different, he wasn’t burning up. His tuxedo was, the cheap synthetic fibres were melting and disintegrating into ash on his body.  His skin, however, remained untouched. The fire wasn’t coming from the curtains around them, the water that was still falling all over and around them had already extinguished that problem. No, this fire was coming from inside John.
“Hmm… You like that, Sherlock?” John slipped his hands under Sherlock’s tuxedo’s previously white shirt. They were both covered in ash. John was wearing some grey track pants and a hospital gown that the paramedics had given him to wear. “You like having my hot hands all over your body?”
The clatter of footsteps growing louder and louder behind him pulled Sherlock’s focus away from the captivating man. The scientist's and guns for hire who manned this laboratory had obviously returned from wherever they’d been. He needed to set the charges and get out. Now.
The man’s back tensed, then he rolled over to face the detective and Sherlock could not stop himself from gasping aloud. The prisoner's eyes were glowing, flickering and sparking like hot embers at the heart of a fire. It should be impossible, but Sherlock couldn’t deny what he was seeing with his own eyes. The man in the cell frowned at him, then let his gaze travel slowly, deliberately around the room before returning back.
But that wasn’t right anymore, he had John now. John Watson, the most confusing man he’d ever met. From his scarred body to his glowing eyes. Sherlock wasn’t sure what to think of him, and yet his libido had obviously been kicked up into high gear. If Sherlock was the sort of man to fuck and run he would. A passion filled night with the ex-soldier before he went off to defeat Moriarty in a blaze or glory.
“What?”
“I’ll be there in twenty.”
, master.” The detective slid himself down John’s wonderfully hot body, he was deliciously warm. He’d be amazing to sleep next to, Sherlock could imagine it. Waking up, warm and cuddled together. John would be soft and sleepy, they’d share sloppy morning kisses for hours.
Fucking Mycroft. This was the last time he’d do his brother any favours.
What if, once Sherlock knew what he was, he wouldn’t like him anymore?
“Sherlock?” John’s voice called gently from outside the stall door. Sherlock could see his shoes under the gap in the bottom of the door. “Are you okay? You’ve been in here for almost twenty minutes.”
When the detective arrived at London University he went straight to the officers building to talk to the recruiter. He would know, thanks to Mycroft that he wasn’t actually enrolling officially and was only there temporarily. Thankful for small miracles Sherlock knocked firmly on the door and waited to be invited inside.
“I know you’re working alone, Sherlock Holmes. I wonder, how much would your brother pay in ransom for you? Maybe I’ll cut off some of your fingers, your hair too perhaps and mail it to him. Do you think he’d pay triple or quadruple digits?”
“Wh-what?” Sherlock gasped.
” Sherlock grunted as he fell on top of John on the bed. “Get that ghastly robe off, now. Or I won’t be putting anything in my mouth.”
“Oh course I do, you have to win multiple tournaments, John to make it to the Grand Prix.”
Lestrade’s shoulders dropped in defeat, “Right, I’ll just take your word for it then… Again.”
Sherlock’s legs almost,
“Then I don’t think we’ll be needing two bedrooms, do you?”
Lestrade frowned and opened his mouth to say something but Sherlock cut him off. “Yes, yes… I will not go after the murderer on my own, really Lestrade.”
The Captains hands moved away and he walked back up so he was bending down to look at Sherlock’s face. Sherlock was so involved in pushing himself up and down that he didn’t see the smirk on the Captain’s face. Watson leaned down and blew hot breath over the back of Sherlock’s neck.
“This is a turn-up, isn’t it, Sherlock?”
He was short, but broad. Clearly still very fit, especially for a man approaching 40. His hair was blond but it was lightened further with a hint of silver, that only showed when the early morning light hit it just right. His hands looked strong and capable, his stride confident and his fatigues were pressed and starched beautifully. Sherlock let his eyes take in all the information he could about the Captain. Single, veteran of at least 20, maybe 25 years. Trained as a trauma surgeon. Wounded in action, left shoulder. Most likely a bullet wound.
“Eight.” The Captain was panting too as he pushed Sherlock’s hips down into a dip again. His cock pressing lightly against the ground. His hands slipped down and around to the front of Sherlock’s trousers and squeezed his cock.
Both men quickly shucked off their clothes, letting them fall to the kitchen floor around them. Hands reached out stroking and touching each other. John pinched one of Sherlock’s nipples and moaned in response to Sherlock’s full body shiver. Sherlock couldn’t hold back anymore, the way John and he were pressing their now naked bodies together. Their height difference making it a little awkward, preventing Sherlock from pressing his cock against John’s. In frustration Sherlock returned the favour from yesterday and bent, signalling to John that he wanted him to lift up onto the kitchen bench.
Sitting across from Sherlock at a restaurant called Angelo’s (Sherlock got the owner off a murder charge), John felt there might be something to Belstaff coats after all. Even if it was four sizes too big, covering up not only his skin-tight lycra but his red wellington boots too. Sherlock had given up his coat to John and pulled down his scarf but kept the hat firmly on his head. It was a damn fine hat, after all. And people still don’t
It had been a long day at the clinic, there was a stomach bug that had been making the rounds and so he and a couple of other GP’s had stayed back later than usual to help. John both loved and hated working at the clinic, it was boring treating people day-in-day-out for runny noses, sore throats and flu shots. But John also loved helping people, it was the reason why he’d become a Doctor in the first place.
“Shut up Anderson, you’re too stupid to have an opinion.” Sherlock crouched down beside the body and began his inspection. “The killer is a colonialist, he obviously believes quite strongly in the British Empire and wants to bring back military invasion and takeovers of smaller countries to bring Britain back to it’s former glory.”
It felt like he’d been shot in his other shoulder. “I’m sorry I woke you but I had to be sure. When you’re better we have some experiments to run.”
“You did so well today Cadet. I’m proud of your performance.”
“Piss off”
John’s body had also probably not orgasmed this much since he was a teenager. Sherlock had run every kind of self-pleasure experiment he could think of. He knew every hot spot, every twist of the wrist that would make John Watson’s body hurl itself to completion. Sherlock was 99% sure that once they swapped back into their bodies and John finally got over his insecurities about being in a same sex relationship that Sherlock would be able to give John the best orgasm of his life.
“Yes actually. Very happy. So uh, Sherlock… Do you wanna be my boyfriend?” John grinned.
Sherlock’s head fell forward onto John’s chest, a third finger slipping inside, John was almost ready. “Stop talking, or I’m going to cum all over your kitchen cupboard.” John laughed, his muscles spasming around Sherlock’s fingers. “And stop laughing!”
“Of course I will, you’ll have to hold me though. Haven’t skated since I was little.”
“John! You’re okay, thank Merlin.”
John made his way quickly to Sherlock bedroom and tossed him down onto the bed. He didn’t waste any time covering Sherlock with his body and capturing his mouth again. They kissed and kissed and licked and sucked on each others tongues.
John was dreaming. He was back on the battlefield, trying to drag one of his squadmates under cover. He needed to put a tourniquet on the man's leg before he bled to death. There was a soft thunk on John’s right, one of the Taliban soldiers had thrown a grenade. Thinking quickly, John picked it up and threw it back over the car he’d hid behind. It exploded before it hit the ground on the other side, shattering the windows and jolting the car.
“G’day, Mister Holmes.” The man greeted brightly. His grip on the gun was firm but unfamiliar with the weight. Sherlock could tell Azza was not accustomed to holding a handgun. How had he missed this? John was a worse distraction than he’d originally thought. “Surprised? I have to say, at first I didn’t think Jim’s plan would work. But then, you were wonderfully distracted by Johno. Can’t say I blame you really, he’s bloody feral, but a good looking one. Now then, let’s go meet them. We don’t want to miss the show.”
“I just, you… You’re talking about it. You know things.”
“Good morning everyone, we’re going to skip inspections today lucky you. I want you all to do four laps of the field while Holmes completes his punishment. I’ll be watching so keep up the pace! Go! Left! Right! Keep those knees high Cadet Hall!”
“You see, Sherlock. I’m done playing games with you now. You’ve taken someone very dear to, not only myself but to my Sebastian. He loves his sister, you know. Families do.” Moriarty shrugs. “Sebastian wants revenge, but I can’t have him breaking my very special toy.” James gestures over at the glass coffin. John is starting to wake up, the drugs finally beginning to wear off. “He’s one of a kind, after all.”
“Sherlock…” John breathed as he leant forward and pressed his supernaturally warm lips against Sherlocks.
“Cadet Hall! Lift those knees!”
“Azza!” Johno called happily as he approached them. The two clasped hands in greeting. “Strange to see you out of the office? Fancy some sun, mate?”
“All the time.” Sherlock breathed softly and, miracle of miracles he spread his legs further apart which caused John to shift further off his chair and to reach out for balance with his other hand. Now John had both his hands on Sherlock Holmes thighs.
“John Watson.”
“The note for example, ‘Hail Empress of India’ clearly the man idolises Queen Victoria for conquering India and bringing it under British rule. He wants to take an active role in this as he has proven by killing people who support the disbanding on the commonwealth and the release of all foreign countries under British ownership. Therefore the killer would be enlisted in the military.”
“Christ! Sherlock, just… Let me. Fucking hell you’re so hot.”
O-positive
“Yeah?”
Rosamund screamed louder, “Let me go! You’re burning me! John!”
the new sexy. You’re quite right, Detective.”
“Sher…” Moriarty was turning gone blue, his mouth makings fish like gulping movements. The blood vessels in his eyes burst and he collapsed onto his knees.
“Did I say that out loud?” John asked.
His other hand fingered his iPhone. He’d told John he was planning on calling Mycroft and informing him about John’s existence, but the truth was Sherlock wasn’t sure if that would be such a good idea. A particularly cold gust of wind caused him to shiver, he couldn’t wait to get back home. He missed London, he missed Baker Street, he even missed Mrs Hudson and Lestrade.
“Mr Holmes?” Major Jones asked as he looked up from his desk.
John blinked stupidly up at Sherlock for a moment before he lifted his hips and bucked up into Sherlock, nearly tossing him from the bed. Sherlock overbalanced and fell forward onto his arms. John pulled him down the rest of the way so he could smash his mouth against Sherlock’s. “You…” John breaths between rough kisses, “Are a wet dream,” Sherlock gasped as John’s lube covered hand reached down, one supernaturally hot finger circling his arsehole. “Come to life.”
“Fantastic.”
John’s brain did an automatic head count. There were only four of them left, including himself. He’d watched almost all of his unit die today. The reality of the situation they were in suddenly hit John with force. They needed to retreat immediately before the house was overrun by the enemy. “Back door!” John shouted over the crack of gunfire and the popping of bullets hitting the walls of their sanctuary.
“Do you let Mycroft conjure lube?”
“Fuck!” Sherlock groaned, his arms were starting to shake. “One!”
“What do people usually say?”
“Yes, must have been, through that window.” John muttered and gestured unconvincingly towards the mess of police cars and flashing lights.
Mycroft balanced his cup on the arm of his overstuffed, overly-posh, stupidly brown leather chair. Sherlock hoped the cup would tilt and spill the sweet tea all over the dull expensive thing. What a waste of taxpayer money. His brother reached into his open bag and removed a manila folder from within. “Your identity, while down under.”
“So can transfigure anything into anything else?” John asked, he was desperate to know and understand more about the world Sherlock came from. It was beyond amazing.
won’t tell you. You should ask me,
“It doesn’t get any easier.” Lestrade sighed as he watched the forensic team take photos and samples all around the woman.
Sherlock nipped at John’s hip bone, sleepy, soft kisses were for later. Now, Sherlock wanted to taste John’s cock. With his right hand, Sherlock circled the base of John’s erection, lifting it up from his stomach, with a gentle stroke Sherlock pulled back John’s foreskin and pressed a few soft kisses on the exposed head.
skate. John hadn’t skated since he was a child, he wasn’t even sure if he would be able to anymore.
06/01/77
“Enough! Stop!” Sherlock grabbed The Captain’s arm and pulled as he reached down for Jones again. He was going to hit him again. “Captain! Leave it!”
“Okay then. Give me a call once you’ve settled in.”
“Do you think you can open the door, sweetheart?” John’s voice had turned gentle. He’d called Sherlock ‘sweetheart’... Sherlock reached over and turned the lock on the door. John was inside the stall in seconds, kneeling on the floor between Sherlock's legs. “Keep breathing, that’s perfect. Wonderful.”
“John? John, are you okay?”
The sound of a motorcycle's engine caught Sherlock’s attention, shoving his phone into his pocket he stepped out into traffic. Right in front of the rider.
“No thank you.” Sherlock pulled out a chair from the desk but the Captain interrupted him.
Sherlock looked around the room with a new sense of appreciation. “You are, by far, the most interesting person I’ve ever met.”
“Gu-ah!” Sherlock cried out, he was so close. He was going to cum from doing pushups in the middle of a field. “Fuck!”
” Sherlock whined, his lips captured again by Johno’s mouth. Johno’s hands were back, squeezing his arse, then gripping lower onto his thighs.
Sherlock cupped his hands around the cigarette in his mouth, while he’d been inside the cabin with John a strong wind had started up. Using his hands and a wind break Sherlock managed to light his cigarette and took a long drag on it. The warm smoke tickled his throat and filled his lungs, sighing happily Sherlock enjoyed the feeling of scratching that particular itch. With a flick of his wrist, Sherlock returned his lighter to his pocket and turned away from the wind.
Sherlock's eyes fluttered, his mind shoving several different fantasies of John on his knees, mouth full of Sherlock cock before his eyes. “Next time.” Sherlock agreed, climbing up onto the bench and lifting John’s legs over his shoulders. Bracing himself with one arm Sherlock reached down and lined up his cock with John’s arsehole.
John reacted instantly, his hands coming to rest on Sherlock's hips. His eyes darkening. “I didn’t want to push my luck, not after last night.” He leaned forward and nipped at Sherlock's lips. “But I hoped, you might like to…” John bit his lip.
“Sherlock?” John called his lover’s name gently, he’d waited for a moment for a reaction or answer to his question but when none had been forthcoming he’d decided to prompt the wizard. Sherlock continued to stare at John and just blink quickly in succession. John waited again. “It’s getting a bit scary now, love?”
“Want-wanted you… From the first-first,” Sherlock gasped, “Moment I saw you. In that cell.”
Sherlock flies away to the soundtrack of screams fading as the distance between them grew before being abruptly cut off… By death or rescue, it was no longer his concern.
Running around a field with an erection was new. Captain Watson had decided to start today’s training with a warm up, he was leading the group at a fast, but steady pace. The cadets were to run in formation behind for four laps before they would run movement drills with weighted equipment.
With a deep breath, Sherlock steeled himself and knocked.
Sherlock’s whole body clenched, his muscles pulling tight his breath whooshing out of his lungs and he comes. He comes and comes and comes. It feels like it goes on for hours. “Oh! Oh! John!”
“Enough.” Sherlock shrugged. He and the glowing eyed stranger stared at one another for a moment as they lay where they’d been thrown. It seemed the whole series of events had suddenly caught up with them both and they burst into hysterical laughter.
Johno laughed. “Too right! Now then, Azza said you wanted to have a look around Acco’s enclosure?” The Zookeeper rubbed a hand over his neatly trimmed beard. The sound of the thick bristles rustling sent a shiver down Sherlock's spine.
“Good boy.” The Captain lifted him and laid him on his back across the desk, Sherlock’s legs wrapped around his waist. “Now, I want you to scream for me.”
Their street door opened, then slammed closed and quick hurried footsteps echoed up from downstairs. When Sherlock swooshed into their living room, John was still standing there holding the medal in one hand and the photo in the other.
“I’m glad kissing you still works, now, come to bed and show me some of your ice skating moves.”
The Captain continued walking down the line, yelling out occasionally to Cadets who had not adequately dressed, shined their shoes or missed a belt loop. He was getting closer and closer to Sherlock’s position in line and every step sent a shiver down his spine. The Captain was beyond perfection.
of you. God your skin is like milk.”
“Bet you never saw this coming.”
“Oh fuck, me too.” John fell forward, his hands clapping loudly on the wooden counter on either side of Sherlock’s head. “Kiss me?”
The Captain crouched down beside Sherlock’s head, “That wasn’t twenty, Cadet. I didn’t tell you to stop.” his voice wasn’t loud and shouting anymore. It was deep and rough.
Sherlock’s eyelids fluttered and his pupils blew wide, “I don’t mind.”
As John made his way towards his subway station he heard muffled shouting and the unmistakable sounds of fighting. It was coming from down the dark alleyway between the buildings to his right. Feeling a spike of adrenaline John turned down the alleyway and made his way as quietly as he could towards the source of the noise. “Oi!” John shouted he could just make out two people struggling.
“The base you blew up wasn’t just some laboratory. That was just a front. Moriarty was using the facility to trade and sell weapons. Not just guns, bombs and ammo but the real shady stuff too. Chemical weapons, poisons, stuff like that.” John’s focus slipped from Sherlock down to his cup. He ran his fingers over the rim, down the handle and back. “They kept me locked up, of course. But I heard ‘em talking when they got lazy with the intercom. Russians, Taliban, North Koreans, you name it. Groups of them were paraded through, usually with Moriarty. I think he liked showing off his armoury.”
“Oh God, you’re so warm!” Sherlock shuddered.
Sherlock’s mouth dropped open in shock, “I’m sorry?”
“Figure skating?” John asked himself aloud and glanced down at the pile of junk that he’d dug the medal out of. There was a photo, a photo of Sherlock wearing the medal on a podium with two other skaters. It appeared that Sherlock had won second place, a Japanese man with blue glasses was standing on the center podium and a very young looking blonde had taken bronze.
buckled under him. “Oh God, yes!”
“Oh.” Sherlock said, baffled by the Zookeeper’s response.
careful.”
“What? What did I miss?”
“You don’t know my brother well, then. You’d be waiting for nothing.” Sherlock shifted forward again. John just had to wait for the right moment, and then he could create a diversion. Distract Ajay and Rosamund then Sherlock could grab the gun out of the Assassins hands.
Their ‘Honeymoon’ phase was brought to a swift end with a phone call. The sound of his phone ringing brought Sherlock out of his deep sleep instantly. The caller ID was puzzling at first… ‘Mr. Sex’ but the phone had been given to Sherlock by Mycroft. It was secured, the only person who called was Mycroft himself or one of his MI6 minions.
“John! Stop!” Sherlock yelled again and jabbed him in the side with the heel of his hand.
John’s hands reached around and pulled Sherlock closer, their cocks pressing together, Sherlock’s legs wrapped around John’s hips. The edge of the table was cutting into his arse but Sherlock didn’t care. All he could focus on was John’s rough hand, wrapping around both of their erections, stroking them together.
Fuck you. - SH
“Sherlock! You can’t, bloody-Stop…
Without looking at the caller ID Sherlock swiped his thumb over the screen and held the phone to his ear. “Sherlock Holmes, speaking.”
The blond man just continued to stare at him. Sherlock did a quick sweep of the man but before he could say anything else there was a gun pointed at his head.
he wasn’t very amused to now be playing hero to her damsel-in-distress. She would be even
“I’ll make sure your old room is set up with a double bed dear, Toodle-oo!” There was a beep, and mother ended the call. With a groan, Sherlock dropped his phone off the side of the bed before turning and curling himself around John’s warm naked body.
“How interesting that you deem it appropriate knowledge to keep in your ‘harddrive’ that to be a member of the ULOTC you must first be enrolled as a student at London University.”
Once John had made it through the fever of infection and healed, his Doctors discovered that the extensive scar tissue prevented John from a full range of movement. Due to John’s now reduced viability as a Super Soldier, he was summarily honourably discharged and returned to London. A non-disclosure agreement meant that John was unable to tell anyone or use his abilities publicly least the Government come down on him.
Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. The door on his right opened and Anthea strode in, her head perpetually bent down looking at her phone.
“Begging for my cock already, you gorgeous posh thing?” John is panting, he is so worked up and ready to just fuck that he can barely coordinate his limbs into position above Sherlock. “Hold your legs up, love.”
“Uh, thanks?”
The blond muggle lowered his gun and stared gobsmacked at the stranger sitting crossed legged in front of him on top of his breakfast. “That was amazing.”
“I love you too, John.”
“Oh well, you should have asked me. I would have told you. Back off, my dear. You’re not ready to see how far this rabbit hole goes. You might get lost, little Alice. Cheerio!”
“Guh!”
“So responsive, I adore the sounds you make Sherlock.”
Sherlock reached for a glass of water from the fountain beside the couch and took a few deep gulps of water. The cold helped him clear his mind. Sherlock strode over the the Major’s desk and began sifting through everything. It was a few moments later when Sherlock found what he’d been looking for. It was a list of all the Universities employee’s and their political views. The names of the victims he’d murdered had been crossed out. Bingo.
“Glad I could help, seriously. I want to help you. Not just for revenge, either. They need to be stopped, what they’re doing isn’t right.” John had moved from his chair and was now standing very close to Sherlock. His eyes blazed, his body seemed to almost glow, he looked powerful and capable of anything. Sherlock wanted to trust him, he wanted to
Mycroft’s eyes narrowed as he watched Sherlock throw on his Belstaff and scarf. “Very well, I’ll let you handle this.”
“I appreciate the assistance, you weren’t entirely useless.”
John gave one experimental thrust and then stopped again, “Count them.”
“I heard! Coming!” There was the patter of footsteps from the stairs as the detective clattered down from their spare bedroom which after many arguments had become Sherlock’s laboratory.
“Just a few corrupt Barristers. There were a few leftover cells in Pentonville I thought could use some new tenants.”
The Captain chuckled. “Oh don’t worry I know who you are, I looked you up. Googled you after the first day of training. Consulting Detective aye? Interesting. Not sure I believe all that stuff about deductions on your website though.”
“Perfect. Mycroft I’ll be in touch, let me know if anything urgent comes up.”
“What?”
“You have made your disdain for our old colony quite plain, dear brother.”
“Don’t shush me, Houdini. I may not be a wizard, but I sure as hell know you can only modify a person’s memory so many times before you turn their brain to mush! You can’t keep turning Anderson into a bird forever.”
“There now – we’re both defrocked… Mr Sherlock Holmes.”
Sherlock stands and removes his coat, handing it to Adler. His eyes narrow and sweep over her form. “You’re a squib.”
John slipped the red y-fronts over his legs and glanced over at Sherlock. His eyes looked almost reflective in the dim light of the cabin, glowing and shimmering like a cats. “You didn’t burn yourself on that kettle did you, Sherlock?.”
Sherlock placed the head down but turned it so that the severed neck faced him. Leaning closer he inspected the severed flesh, the edge of the skin was rough and messy it looked like the head had been ripped off the body. Sherlock frowned, there was something…
“Bloody christ Sherlock, don’t you dare, ever stick me to anything ever again!” John croaked and clutched Sherlock’s shoulders in a tight grip.
. Maybe your suit is cutting off the circulation to your brain.”
Oi Johno!” Sherlock’s guide called, cupping his hands around his mouth to get even more volume. Sherlock wondered if Mycroft could hear them back at the Diogenes Club. Sherlock rolled his eyes, turning back to see who the crazy Australian had called out to.
“Haha, yeah. I do actually.” John checked his rearview mirror, and over his right shoulder before changing lanes. “I’m ah…  bit of a greenie, to tell the truth.”
“John,
“Admit it, you had no idea about me until I blew up your facility.”
Sherlock’s mouth drops open, “I don’t twizzle!”
“Bloodhound! It’s Bloodhound! My Hero status is so obvious I find it hard to believe that it has escaped you due to its sheer obviousness! I am no Supervillain! I am a Super
“Sher’ock…” John grumbled, rolled over and grabbed Sherlock’s still ringing phone and shoved it into the detective’s hand. “Answer.”
It was after several months of boredom, inactivity and frustration that the first incident happened. Someone had stolen the Super Serum™ and used it on themselves, thus becoming London’s first Supervillain. Loony Desperado; as he was called by the British media.
“Now John!” Sherlock cried, launching himself at Rosamund. John wasted no time, the power coming easily to him now. It was always there just below the surface since his incarceration in the cold room. Fire leap from John’s hands and whooshed up the - apparently - highly flammable curtains. John twisted around, ducking as Ajay pulled the trigger and fired his gun up into the ceiling. With a swift kick, John swept Ajay’s legs out from under him and punched him soundly in the face. His nose cracked loudly on impact.
John rolled his eyes, “That was you, you berk. I shot the guy through the window if you remember, saving your life in the process. You were the one who ran off without me.”
Sherlock’s brain stops its usual rant of observations. He stares down at his hands.
He hated being called William.
Did you really dob me into Mummy about one memory charm? - SH
Sherlock sat up and looked over to the muggle man who had until his unwanted arrival been sitting down to a full English breakfast.
As John made his way back out of the kitchen, a rubbish bag full of stuff that was beyond salvageable in hand, he caught a hint of shiny silver out of the corner of his eye. Intrigued, John dropped the bag and went over to the twinkling bit of light. It was a medal. Buried under a few of Sherlock notebooks that looked like they hadn’t been touched since he was in university.
CRACK! THWUMP!
“Well, I suppose that depends. Girlfriend?” John leant forward, stomach in knots as he put himself on the line, at least a little. It was worth a shot, John would never forgive himself if he didn’t at least try to find out if Sherlock was interested in him.
right thats it im not giving you any cases for a week
Skidding on the sand John turned around and faced his attackers. With a deep breath, he did something he’d sworn to himself never to do. Use his powers to hurt, to kill. John pulled on the energy within him, he could feel his skin heating up, the palms of his hands getting hotter and hotter. He needed to make this shot count. Perhaps the sniper would be too confused watching him to shoot, maybe it would buy his men enough time to make it to safety.
“It really is you.” John stared at Sherlock for a beat then down at his hands. “Jesus Chris!t I’m inside your body Sherlock!”
Sherlock smiled and glanced back at John, “We take it the same then. Shame I don’t have a slice of lemon. But, I suppose-” Sherlock’s mouth was suddenly dry, what had he been saying again? He wasn’t sure, more importantly, John had just slipped off his white linen trousers. Sherlock could see his bare arse, peeping out from below the horrible cable-knit jumper.
“I can be warmer, do you want my hot, wet fingers inside you sweetheart?” John groaned, Sherlock, pushed his hips down and rubbed his cock into John’s tummy.
“Yes, right. Go on then genius.”
Moran’s shoes appeared beside John’s head for a second before the mad ex-soldier laughed. “You’ve lost Holmes! How about I finish this now aye? I’ve always wondered how flammable muggles are. Incendio Tria!”
Sherlock froze, the cold, soft voice on the other end of the phone could only belong to one person. “Moriarty.” Sherlock greeted. “How wonderful of you to call.”
This is not his face. He can feel himself touching his face, but it is not his face.
Sherlock waited for John to continue, but he didn’t, he simply grabbed a long sleeved shirt from the pile and pulled it over his head. He even had scars on his hands, white shiny lines following along where his tendons would be under the skin. Sherlock shuddered, maybe it was better he didn’t know what had happened. Surely those scars hadn’t been caused by his deployment to Afghanistan, no Sherlock wasn’t that naive. He knew explorative dissection incisions when he saw them.
Sherlock’s hand feels nothing but empty space, frowning he sits up and looks around the room. Details and information hit him like a sledge hammer. Their door had been forced open, two orange needle caps lay where they were dropped by Sherlock’s bedside. There is a burn mark that looks like someone slid a hot iron over the floor melting the carpet. Disturbingly Sherlock’s brain recognises the mark is similar to a blood stain when a murderer drags a bleeding body out of a room.
“Yes Sir!” Sherlock gasped. Oh god, oh god, oh god. How was he going to do this? He could barely focus on anything but Captain Watson. He was supposed to be finding the murderer not blushing and swooning like a Jane Austen character because the military man spoke to him. Sherlock gritted his teeth and kept his focus on one of the high windows in the building across the field. After a moment’s hesitation Captain Watson continued his inspection down the line.
“Christ, Sherlock you need to fuck me,” John gasped, finally giving up on holding himself at the forty-five-degree angle he’d been leaning back at and falling with a slap against the wooden surface of the counter. “There…” John took a breath. “There is lube in the bathroom, second drawer down.”
“Well, I knew you were desperate for a bit of action but I didn’t think you would put yourself in distractedly skin-tight lycra and wear your pants on the outside. It suits you much better than that horrid jumper you wore the other night. Were you seriously going to move in with me? Knowing I was Bloodhound?”
“That’s it! Throw it just like that. Good on ya!” Johno gushed. “I love watching them jump! They look so slow, laying there twenty-four seven but when they catch a whiff of this chicken. Suddenly they can move lightning fast!”
“Afghanistan or Iraq?”
Suddenly John was surrounded by heat. There was fire all around him, burning him. His jeans were alight, his belt buckle felt like it was burning a hole through his stomach and he couldn’t move because Sherlock had glued him down with magic.
“No worries! We just have to stop off at the backroom first, I’ll be needing some chickens.” Johno turned and began walking into the ‘cave’, one arm coming up to make a follow me motion towards Sherlock. “It’ll keep ‘em distracted while you poke around.”
“SHERLOCK!”
“And,” Sherlock paused and lifted the hospital gown up off John’s borrowed body and began to attach the electrode pads to his chest. “I can do it in five minutes.”
“Yes!” Sherlock nodded stupidly, he couldn’t even remember language, words, meaning. All he wanted was John’s hands back on his cock. John’s deep blue eyes locked with Sherlock’s own, his pupils were blown wide a dark red flush staining his cheeks. “Kiss me, touch me, cum on me. John, please. I need it.”
Sherlock was proud of himself for not jumping at the sudden scream, “Why should I trust you to tell the truth?”
“Oh, brainy is
“Screaming for the last ten minutes has obviously achieved nothing, I don’t understand why you believe continuing to do so will change the outcome of your current situation.” Sherlock sneered down at Scotland Yard's Commissioner, “You’re lucky I’m feeling so generous, really. With the number of murderers you’ve allowed to go free over the years, I should do the citizens of London a favour and just drop you into the Thames and be done with it.”
“How wonderful! You finally decided to join us.” Moriarty smiled, “Before we begin, I really need to get something off my chest. You see, I was always a fan of those James Bond movies. Ever since I was a child, I’d always wanted to do something really crazy. Like, for example. Feed my enemy’s loved ones to a shark…” Moriarty looked over towards the pool where the crocodiles lay completely still, waiting. “Unfortunately, and you might not know this, my dear, but you can’t keep a Great White alive in captivity. So I chose my next favourite…”
“As you say. However, it doesn’t really matter how it happened. Now we must deal with the consequence.” Mycroft reached for the silver teapot between them, making a gesture towards Sherlock’s empty cup. He shook his head, he didn’t have time for tea. Apparently, Mycroft was sending him to the other side of the bloody world. “Our infiltration was discovered. Moriarty’s men are looking for you, we don’t know how far his network can reach. It is possible that they know the location of this safehouse. After all, it is no secret how you favour London. You need to lay low for awhile.”
“Right, so I’m not calling out some other bloody guys name. I’m simply saying in my muggle way, your mouth is fantastic and I can’t think clearly enough to say anything meaningful. Just curse.”
“Lestrade said if I ever withheld evidence again he’d lock me in a cell overnight. I stole his badge.”
“John you have an intubator inside your throat. I’m sorry I can’t remove it, I just wanted to check you were okay before I put you back under.”
It didn’t take very long for Sherlock to pant heavily that he was ready, with another squirt of lube John’s cock was slicked and ready. The two shifted into a more comfortable position on the bed, Sherlock lifted himself up over John’s cock and began to lower himself down.
Sherlock gulped, watching as Johno’s arms, shoulder, and back muscles flexed when he lifted the buckets out of the refrigerator. Blindly, Sherlock picked up two of the bucket handles and spun around, trying desperately to put some distance between them. The buckets were heavy and Sherlock could feel the contents sloshing around.
Just like all the rest. You should be careful, Sherlock. When you play with fire, you might get burned.”
Watson’s hands reached out again and grasped his hips, tilting them down. This time though they didn’t stay on his hips, they moved to pat his bottom and then up to stroke over his shoulders.
John’s small hand could only just make it around. John was huge. Actually huge. It was glorious.
” The pool abruptly filled with rushing wind, faster and faster it swirled around Sherlock. The wind lifted up debris from around the pool and slammed it into walls and pillars. John’s prison swayed dangerously back and forth as the wind pushed against it. The steel cables groaned under the load.
It was at that moment that John realised Mr Blue Scarf was
The door opened and John visibly did a second take at Sherlock’s presence. “Wha?” John frowned.
“You’re lucky John’s alive, Moran. If you had killed him I would rip you apart with my bare hands.” Sherlock growled.
The moment the two stepped into their secured hotel room, the door closed firmly behind them they came together. Kissing roughly, tongues, teeth and hot breath passing between them. John’s warm hands were everywhere, rubbing over Sherlock’s back, his waist, his hips,
“Oh… Well… Ehhh... Sherlock, I think you’ll need to go about your heroic acts a little bit more obviously. Try leaving a note maybe next time, so the police know what you’re about?” John rubbed the back of his head.
“Don’t play games with me, Desperado. Drop him, or I will be forced to engage you in physical combat!”
The only thing holding John back was the fear that Sherlock may turn him into the British government. He was an MI6 agent, for goodness sake. John had personally witnessed the level of dedication Sherlock seemed to have for his mission and his job. He was borderline fanatical. The other reason, John was reluctant to tell Sherlock the truth, was a fear of rejection.
“John!” Sherlock grunted, “Put me down!”
Sherlock had never been the best at apparition. He knew how to do it but he always seemed to just slightly miss his coordinates. Mycroft made fun of him endlessly for it. Today though seemed to be far worse than the mishaps before. Sherlock who was aiming for St. Barts had managed to apparate into some Muggles house quite unexpectedly.
“He threatened a few of them, the whole ‘you scratch my back, I’ll scratch yours’ spiel. I guess he thought some of them were thinking of taking the goods and running. Moriarty is a real arsehole, a proper bloodthirsty warmongerer. He wasn’t just playing with those terrorists for entertainment or money.” John gripped his cup firmly. “He likes it, it makes him happy. Knowing what those weapons will do in those hands. Christ, I did three tours in Afghanistan. I know where those guns end up and I had to watch him hand them over.”
John held his erection up and rubbed it over Sherlock’s loosened hole. It caught on the edge, making both men moan before slipping inside. Sherlock pressed himself down slowly until his arse was flush with John’s groin.
It didn’t take long for Sherlock to spill into his own hand, crying out John’s name into the empty hotel bathroom.
“I control your breath now.” Sherlock watched as James Moriarty blacks out and crumples into a pile at his feet. The wind swirls to a stop, Sherlock lets out a long breath and turns to the open window. All the glass windows appear to have broken during the tornado he’d created. The detective could see Sebastian's limp hand handing over the railing.
John groaned with pleasure as he bottomed out, he was all the way inside Sherlock. He could feel his heartbeat and the grasping, squeezing of the muscles as Sherlock adjusted to him. “Please, John… Move. Fuck me. God I need it.”
“Fuck! Sherlock, so good. Oh, sweetheart, you can cum.
Sherlock took another step closer, ensuring Moriarty was paying attention. “The letter you left,” Sherlock reached into his pocket and withdrew the note. “It was too clean and dry to have been inside Moran’s throat before he died. You had the pathologist place it there for me to find. But there is something you failed to take into account.”
“You alright, love?” John asks softly, he grips Sherlock’s shoulder a little harder. Sherlock turns and throws his arms around John and John holds him.
Sherlock helped John around the house, feeding all his animals. George, who turned out to be a cattle dog with boundless energy following John around like a shadow was a delight. Captain Barks had settled himself back on the couch, rolled over onto his back, legs in the air. Sherlock couldn’t help but chuckle at the Great Dane everytime he spotted him out of the corner of his eye.
“Retie those laces, now.”
Sherlock stopped climbing and glanced down at John below him on the ladder. “Now is not the time for your terrible flirting John.”
“Hurry up and put your penis into my anus now or I swear to Merlin I will hex you!” Sherlock growls when John pulls away to adjust himself.
“God, yes!” John’s hand released Sherlock’s cock, quickly scrambling at his pants. Ripping them open and pulling out his own cock. He groaned in relief. “Fuck.”
“Dogs.” John glanced over at Sherlock before returning his gaze to the road. “Cap’ is very affectionate. Never could get him to break the jumping on people habit.”
“You’ll be looking for the Moran twins then.”
“Bathroom,” John muttered into Sherlock’s ear after about fifteen minutes had passed. He made his way between tables, walking left and right trying to cover as much ground as possible. Wherever Rosamund was hiding it certainly wasn’t in plain sight. Ducking through a side door, John found himself in an empty hallway he looked around for a moment to get his bearings then made his way towards the stage entrance.
John was currently three fingers deep into Sherlock arse, both of them sweaty and panting. They’d just chased and caught a murder and had come home full of energy, adrenaline and ready to fuck each other into next week.
Sherlock gasped and looked up, there was a doctor standing over him. “What?”
“We are expecting some scarring, of course. But he should make a full recovery in a few months.” The Doctor hesitated for a moment before passing over the file to Sherlock. “Here, you can read for yourself, Doctor. I’ll let the attending nurse know you’re awake so we can perform a few tests. We’d like you to stay overnight for observation but if all goes well you should be able to go home tomorrow.”
“Sher…” John groaned and shifted on the bed. “e‘speriments?”
“It’s Bloodhound; and, why exactly should I listen to you?”
Shoving the blanket from his legs Sherlock retrieved the folder from the pouch in the chair in front of him. He couldn’t put it off any longer, he’d need to read the stupid file and find out what he was doing here. By the time Sherlock had finished the first page he’d decided that spray painting his brother's priceless antiques would be too light of a punishment.
“It’s the fastest way.”
“I’ll inform Mycroft, we’ll need to track down Sebastian and Rosamund first. You should get some sleep. Take the bed, I’ll wake you in a few hours and we’ll switch. Better that one of us is awake in case we’re discovered.” Sherlock stood from the table and picked up their now empty mugs, rinsing and cleaning them quickly in the sink before setting them to dry.
. Not until you took my little Soldier from me. You don’t know Johnny like I do, how could you?
Sherlock shrugged, “Well, I haven’t. Not really, I mean. I’m sure my parents dragged my brother and me to a Zoo at some point but I’ve probably deleted it.”
Enjoy Christmas, little brother. Gregory and I will be spending the holiday season in Paris - M
“You like my mouth, don’t you John?” Sherlock teased, using John’s own words against him. “I’ve seen you look, stare really. You can’t take your eyes off them when I talk. You’re obsessed.”
Sherlock almost certainly did not squawk.
John heard the snap, crack of apparition and glanced down the other end of the street. Moran had appeared behind Sherlock. “SHERLOCK!” John yelled and tried again to move out from below the truck, but it was no use. It was like he was cemented to the floor.
Acco had eaten most of the upper body, strangely Moran’s head had been recovered intact. Which explained how the police had identified the body. The white plastic zip ties remained, wrapped tightly around Moran's ankles and wrists. The longer Sherlock looked at the body the more it didn’t make sense. Acco had eaten from the head down towards Moran’s legs, his shoulders, chest and most of his stomach had been eaten, and yet they’d found his head undamaged.
“I want to see you skate.”
“No, you won’t!”
“You’re a freak!” Rosamund was trying to escape John’s hold on her leg, she was writhing in pain and trying to slash at John with her knife. The blade caught on John’s shoulder and instantly burst into flame, the metal of the knife melting. Rosamund flung it away with a shout.
Without a second thought, John sprinted after them rather than stay to help Mary. John kept pace beside Mr Blue Scarf who had also chased after the thief. The bag-thief took an abrupt right and disappeared into the darkness up a laneway. John briefly hesitated but Mr Blue Scarf continued on with a hurried, “Follow me!” as they passed the laneway.
“Clear… Three, two, one…”
“So they send a couple of guys to Seb’s bunk to arrest him, but someone must have given him a heads up because he was ready. He killed them and ran off into the hills. That was the last I saw of him until I took a sniper round to the chest.” John rubbed at his left shoulder, where Sherlock knew the matching exit wound could be found on his back.
You know I'm fat, I'm fat, you know it…
Sherlock thought hysterically as he tripped through the door and slammed into the skin.
“Help!” A familiar female voice called out to him, “John! He’s trying to take my bag!” It was Mary, the nurse who worked part-time at the clinic. She’d stayed back and left a few minutes before John. Mary had an unfortunate crush on John and had tried her usual poor attempt at getting John to join her for dinner. He didn’t feel any more enthusiastic about the suggestion the sixth time she’d asked than he had the first time. After having to gently turn her down
John struggled with the bag thief for a moment before he heard the unmistakable sounds of Mr Blue Scarf slipping some zip-ties around the criminals ankles.
John’s eyes returned to their deep blue in his reflection. He’d need to remember not to reach for the power constantly. He couldn’t risk Sherlock finding out about him, he wasn’t sure yet how much he could trust the tall man. John made his way back to the main room of the cabin and over to the bed, pulling back the covers and settling himself down.
“Fancy meeting you here!” Johno chuckled, “We have’ta stop meeting like this Mister Humphery, people might talk.” The blonde man leaned forward into Sherlock space and winked.
“No!” Sherlock threw himself out of his armchair. “You’ve made your point crystal clear, I’ll visit John again and wipe his memory. Happy? Now, don’t you have a war to start? Surely the ministry needs you back, it certainly can’t run itself.”
Sherlock watched the sun disappear, the darkening sky and the soft twinkle of the stars. He let out a shuddering sigh, his shoulders finally letting go of the tension he wasn’t aware he’d been holding. John’s hand left the steering wheel and squeezed Sherlock’s hand.
Sherlock’s back smashed against the cold wall, his chest heaving, arms scrambling, pulling at Johno’s uniform. Too many clothes. Johno’s kisses were mind-melting, the feeling of his beard scratching against his lips, both panting harshly into the other’s mouth. Johno’s hands slid up Sherlock’s back, his palms still wet from when they’d washed their hands moments before.
“No worries mate, I’ll get Johno on the dog and bone for ya.”
Under his new uniform Sherlock had, pre-emptively wore his tightest pair of pants. He knew from previous experience he would be at least half had for most of the day just being near military personnel. Once those personnel turned their attention on him and started barking orders, all bets were off. Sherlock hoped he would be able to keep his composure long enough to find the murderer quickly so he could get out of there as fast as possible.
“I was undercover.” Sherlock said as he quickly texted Lestrade to come to the University as fast as possible, they needed to catch Major Jones before he claimed another victim.
“Well, yes… but-”
“Be my valentine?” Sherlock asked, offering John the slightly crushed rose.
After a wonderful breakfast, Sherlock assisted again with feeding his assortment of animals. This time Sherlock got to meet John’s four rainbow lorikeets who lived in a large aviary. Bowie took a special shine to him and wouldn’t stop nibbling at his curls. John had to forcefully remove the bird from Sherlock’s shoulder so he could duck back outside and make his escape.
“...and then I open-mouth kissed a camel. They’re bloody good kissers.” Johno glanced over at Sherlock. “I bet you’d be better.”
John was wet, actually that was an understatement. Drenched to the bone was a more accurate description. It had been pouring with rain for the last three hours and unfortunately John had been unable to take shelter because of a certain curly-haired detective.
“Oh! Yes, please. I mean. Of course! Let’s get married!”
John keened, rocking up as much as he was able trying to get more of Sherlock’s cock inside. “Fuck me, Sherlock.” He snapped. “I want it.” Sherlock bottomed out, his balls pressed firmly against John’s arse. He leaned down to press his lips to John’s, they kissed for a few moments before John turned his face away. “If you don’t move, I’ll turn us over and ride-”
“The coppers already did their investigation, we cleared away most of the evidence. The Zoo’s been closed for two days and I know Azza is chomping at the bit to get us open again. We’re losing money every day we’re not open.” Johno continued talking, filling the silence as they walked deeper and deeper into the Zoo’s back rooms.
“If you’d just, bloody wait we would have been at this faster. Bloody, impatient.”
“John. I am not a bride.”
“Ah! John! Please!”
John frowns, “Of course I’m alright.”
The detective leant forward too, they were close now. John could feel Sherlock’s hot breath ghost over his lips. “Hmm, not currently…” Sherlock's voice rumbled deep in his chest, god it was like liquid sex. “It would seem I have an opening in that regard.”
“You’re her human now.” John said with a smile, leaning down to press a kiss to the cat’s head.
“Would you like a demonstration?” Sherlock asked as they stood side by side leaning up against a flashing police car and watching the offices take Jones away.
“Sherlock, you… We just met. I don’t know a thing about you, I don’t even know where ‘home’ is. I’m not going to move in with some sorcerer who magically fell into my flat. I know you’re smarter than that.” John rubbed the bridge of his nose and sighed.
Sherlock!” John’s hips were tilting and shifting, rocking in time with Sherlock’s soft kisses. “Yessss, you’re mouth, fuck.
“Later, right now we need to swap back.”
“Jaaaawwwwnnn!” Sherlock moaned, “Please! I need…
“Yes.” Sherlock gasped out, John’s hand still pumping his erection. “Please, oh god. I want you to cum on me. Please, John.” He begged.
“That’s not what people usually say.”
John smiled and leaned forward to press his forehead against Sherlock’s. “Your mate Acco has a girlfriend. Connie had a taste of me while we were transporting her here. She was sedated but I was in the wrong place, wrong time. Leaning over her to secure the rope something triggered her bite response and she clamped down on my shoulder.” John placed his hand over the top of Sherlock’s wandering fingers, bringing them up to his lips and kissing his fingertips. “Thank god she didn’t roll or she’d have torn me to bits.”
“It’s okay, John. I promise. I’m not going to tell anyone. You’re safe, I mean it.” The detective stroked his thumb over John’s cheek. John reached out for him and wrapped his arms around Sherlock’s waist.
“How long?”
“Could you maybe...not?”
“My deductions?”
“You think you know everything about me, but you don't. Not really. Because if you did, it wouldn't be John that you had locked up.
“Yes?”
Sherlock had now been inside John’s body for a week. He had tried to maintain the body in as close to the same condition that he had found it in when he had awoken inside it. It had a few bruises from where Sherlock had tripped and fallen and when he had stubbed John’s hairy toes on the kitchen table. Other than that it was in perfect condition.
“Oh don’t be offended, almost everyone is. Well then, now that you know I’m
“Is that… Weird Al?” John asked, looking beyond puzzled.
“T-Two!” Sherlock shuddered. His muscles clenched, his arms were shuddering and heat was pooling at the base of his spine. Oh god, he needed to stop.
James Moriarty.
The sparse intel Mycroft's minions at MI6 had been able to gather had at least proven to be true, the problem was they were always parts of a whole. Often key bit's of information would be missed or simply not exist until it was too late and Sherlock had to deal with the fallout. This new criminal Mycroft was currently battling wasn’t their usual fair. He was a true mastermind, a proper baddie for Sherlock to slay. He called himself ‘The Spider’ the man at the center of a criminal web.
The third shot doesn’t come from the sniper instead, it comes as a burst of machine gun fire from a Taliban soldier that was running after them. The spray went wide, but John felt one bullet graze his right arm. Enough was enough. It was time to fight fire with literal fire.
Moriarty clapped, “Well done.”
You’re going to love the gift we got Mummy, three tickets to a production of Les Misérables. - M
John giggles, “Easy now, genius.” After a few seconds and a few adjustments of Sherlock’s trembling legs John finally, finally manages to push into Sherlock.
“Yes!” Sherlock keened, he was wet and cold from the sprinklers. John’s hands felt like heaven, Sherlock had always been a heat seeker. It was one of the reasons why he always wore his Belstaff back in London, even in summer.
“Undercover?” John asked.
“Sir?” Anthea called as she looked up briefly from her blackberry.
Sherlock panted heavily, “I can’t remember.”
“Things Sherlock Holmes knows: Figure Skating.”
“Afghanistan…” The man answered automatically, then seemed to chastise himself for it “Answer my question or I’ll shoot you.”
insult. Yet he was ignored. This is what he got when he made the effort to conform to useless societal expectations of manners.
Sherlock pulled open the draws on the trolley that sat next to the bed, he was looking for something in particular. If the hospital staff were any use they would have left a syringe here somewhere.
“Wh-what?” John, using Sherlock’s face frowned harder.
John and Sherlock had been tracking down one of Moriarty’s goons. They hadn’t realised he was a wizard too until too late. Sherlock had shoved John to the ground the moment their attacker had spun around, wand drawn.
John stared at Sherlock for a moment before he threw Rosamund's ankle away from him. “Fuck! Fuck!”
This seemed to fully capture Desperado’s attention. He raised his eyebrow in a mix of curiosity and disdain. The movement caused his pirate’s hat to tilt dangerously to the side. “Interesting. Even if by some minuscule chance you have discovered my real name, you would reveal the secret identity of a fellow Hero?”
The Captain glanced at him and their eyes met, and as cliche as the saying was it really felt like the world stopped for a moment, and his heart skipped several beats. Sherlock immediately stiffened his posture and returned his gaze forward. He could actually feel the heat radiating off his face.
“What list?”
“Fuck you! You Freak! I know who you are! Queer!” The Major sneered at Sherlock.
“And you invaded Afghanistan.” They both roared with a new wave of laughter, Sherlock grinned and held out his hand. “The name’s Sherlock Holmes.”
“John!” Sherlock growled and looked down at his blogger with a scowl. It was at that moment, with John looking up into his flatmates eyes both of them squinting due to rain that the next flash of light came.
“Yes Sir!” Sherlock fell to his knees again then got into position and began the exercise.
Ohhh, what a shame. Looks like the production of Les Misérables has been rescheduled due to a rampant stomach bug that has gone through the whole cast. - SH
“Fucking hell!” Johno grunted, his lips sliding off Sherlock’s mouth to suck on his jaw. “You’re so sexy.” The Zookeeper’s arms wrapped around Sherlock and tried to pull them closer together, as close as they could possibly be.
Mr Blue Scarf stood up, ran a hand through his mess of curls and took a few deep breaths. “Consider yourself under a citizen's arrest.” The stranger quickly fished his smartphone out from within his coat (which seemed strangely similar to another coat John had seen recently) and put it to his ear. “Lestrade, send one of your least irritating officers to Black Prince Road. I have caught Mr Amberley.”
“Brilliant.” John breathed. “You are the sexiest thing I have ever seen.”
“Fuck you Taylor! You don’t get to use that word, it doesn’t belong to you.” Watson growled.
Sherlock groaned. “Naked. Now.” He demanded, liquid fire rushing through his body. The desperate need to be with John, to touch every inch of his skin, to lick into his mouth and make him cum was overwhelming. He needed this, once more before he left.
The minty flavour burst to life on his tongue, the feeling of the bristles rubbing over his teeth was beyond anything he’d ever felt. John moaned happily when he moved to brush the other side of his mouth, his tongue running over the side he’d just cleaned. His teeth felt smooth! He’d forgotten how amazing it felt to have clean teeth.
“I repeat, drop the citizen.” Well, clearly the man was more brawn than brain. Sherlock had offered sound advice to improve his superhero attire
But he is back in a glass cell, Sherlock is willing to bet John will not be happy about that. Sebastian has locked John in a special coffin like contraption which he has suspended over the pool. The water is obviously a failsafe, if John manages to heat up enough to melt the glass then the coffin will be dumped into the water. Which will flood the prison and John will drown.
Sherlock’s chest heaved. John wanted him too… “Are you-?”
John shrugged, “Sure.”
“Fuck!” Sherlock yelled, barely stopping himself from throwing his phone in anger. How had Moriarty gotten so far ahead of them? Sherlock ignored the people around him giving him strange looks. He needed to get back to the Zoo as fast as possible.
“Loony Desperado! I’ve come to stop you!” John called out in a firm voice, wondering how he was going to get through this encounter now that he knew exactly who Desperado was. Desperado paused and turned to glance in his direction, he was covered in a fine white powder and looked like he’d recently had a fight with a bag of flour and lost.
They didn’t have any lube, or at least they hadn’t even tried to find the medical jelly that most likely would be stored in the supply cupboard on the opposite wall. Even so, they were both wet with precum and sweat, John spat down at his fist, coating their cocks in his spit before capturing Sherlock's mouth with his own, tongues sliding. John’s mouth captured Sherlocks own again, tongues sliding, breaths meeting. It wouldn’t take long now, Sherlock was so close. His hands gripping onto John’s shoulders, nails dragging down his back into John’s flesh.
John’s eyes ran up and down Sherlock’s body quickly. “Get a good feel then?”
Sherlock shuddered at the endearment, “John, I can’t.”
Turning to the left Sherlock continued making his way quietly into the biggest room, it was a laboratory not dissimilar to those he’d seen at Baskerville. The biggest difference Sherlock was quick to notice, being that almost eighty percent of the room was dominated by an enormous glass cell. The glass looked frosted, a highly opaque milky white that was impossible to see through.  There was a steel panel connected to one side of the cell, it’s red, blue, green and amber LED light’s blinking rhythmically.
Sherlock picked up the two cups of tea he had been preparing and placed one down in front of his guest. Taking the other seat with a sigh, Sherlock prepared himself for a long conversation. “Yes, he does. My apologies John, I had wanted to ask for your help officially, however, Mycroft's call forced my hand. Thank you for offering information.”
. His unwillingness to eat, unless John all but forced him, his stupidly long showers and even longer hair treatment routines. His ability to ignore John for hours on end busy inside his ‘Mind Palace’.
“Excellent. Sherlock, you’re all packed. Tickets are inside the folder.” Mycroft nodded, bending to collect his bag and walking over to the door. “Happy travels.” Anthea wasted no time in following him out and closing the door behind them. Alone in the room, Sherlock looked down at the folder he still had clasped between the sugar tongs.
“Cadet Williams!” The Captain snapped as he walked along the line.
“Well, looks like we’ve got about half an hour before I need to leave to go back to the Zoo.” John said, looking up at the clock that was hanging on the living room wall. “Would you like a cuppa before we head off? I can drop you back at the Hotel if you like?”
The panel had what looked like several climate control features, one digital panel displayed the temperature, humidity and oxygen levels currently inside the cell. Perhaps Moriarty had some priceless artwork or archaeological items hidden away in a controlled environment? Sherlock blinked in confusion at the numbers as he read them: 93% humidity, 15% oxygen, 5ºC. Those were certainly not ideal conditions to keep antiquities under.
John rolled over to the other side of the lorry and started to climb out from underneath. He spotted Sherlock crouched behind a skip in the mouth of an alleyway. Sherlock’s eyes met John’s and narrowed.
“Do you believe in love at first sight?” John asked pulling back and looking deep into Sherlock’s eyes.
