“Then the forger was in the presence of the original painting, Sam.”
“I'm afraid Jim embellishes horrendously. I just did what Jim does at these fundraisers. I waved my arms in the air...and shrieked for help. Thank you.”
Garth excitedly waves his hands around and answers for Sam, “The painting's borders match perfectly.”
“No.”
“Gabe, you know I can’t do that. I have to be intrigued by a guy before I can just hop into bed.”
Gabe is Cas’s right hand man in both business and the covert investigation of the things Cas catches wind off. He is particularly good at coming up with interesting ways to trick the guilty into showing their hand as well as creating imaginative punishments.
“Cas I need you in me, now!”
-----
Sam and Garth continue to mutter excitedly to one another as they reach the parking garage and get to the car. If they notice Dean’s lack of enthusiasm, they don’t say anything.
“I mean men, Mr. Novak.”
“He's not?”
“Yeah, Sam come on in.” Bobby sits down and opens a file on his desk.  “Three nights ago, Roman Enterprises reported the theft of a painting from their private museum during a black-tie party and showing. The painting that was successfully stolen is valued at 21.5 million dollars. They also tried to steal a bunch more but were unsuccessful. The culprits were caught, it looks like their plan was to load up artwork into a chopper and fly out. They’re being held down at Seattle PD headquarters since they answered the call.”
“Nope”
Gabriel Novak, his favorite cousin, is his right-hand man, though he flies under the radar much more than Castiel does. He is in charge of untangling problems and finding out useful information about the competition, and he is Castiel’s best friend and trusted advisor. He also is an accomplice to Castiel’s less law-abiding ways. The vigilante bent of Novak Acquisitions is more accurate than the press and gossips realize. For the past ten years, Gabe and Castiel have gone after people and companies that use their affluence to hide dark and evil deeds. Along with the support of his good friend and lawyer, Balthazar, they have been able to topple some sickening people, and Dick Roman was the worst of the worst. Stealing Dick's painting on top of robbing him was just plain fun.
“But you’re not a citizen.” Dean slowly starts to walk around the table. “There won’t be a trial. You’ll just be deported.”
“Yeah, yeah I got it the first time.”
And Dean just shuts off his brain. Not thinking about work, or Sammy judging him, or Crowley, or the robbery. He just feels the rumble of the engine, the wind whooshing past, and takes in the sights around him as he chats with Cas through the headsets. He listens, fascinated as Cas excitedly describes the newly installed apiary at his home, he’s never really thought much about bees, but Cas is making them interesting. Cas asks about Baby and Dean rambles on and on about the painstaking restoration of the Impala. They both have a love for classic cars and driving just for the sake of driving. As Dean starts in on a story about a road trip through California where he swears he saw the rumored Woman in White ghost that he had heard about in the towns diner that day, when he notices the city start to slip away as they pass through Arlington.
“Oh, really? What do you have to show for it? Besides a date.”
Dean rolls his eyes at his brother and starts moving towards Charlie, Sam trailing behind.
He grabs Cas’s wrist and drags him out to the dance floor to begin his interrogation. Before he can even start his interrogation, Cas draws him close with a large, warm hand on his lower back, and cradles his right hand close to their chests as they start to sway to the music. Cas looks into his eyes, cocks an eyebrow with an amused little smile.
Use of foreign languages, translation is in notes at the end.
Dean nods, it’s not like he’s tasting the food anyway.
They are granted a private interrogation room at the prison. Concrete walls dreary and lifeless, a gray so bland it may as well be beige. While they wait, Sam asks if Dean is ok.
Walking through Cas’s house is a delight to the senses. Dean can’t help but admire the guy’s taste. Everything is made of luxurious materials, with an emphasis on natural stone, wood, and fibers, in neutral dark and light palettes. All of which is offset by copious amounts of natural light coming in from windows everywhere, and displays of artwork, paintings, artifacts, and statues from all parts of the world, and all times in history. Almost as if Cas purchases art that he likes instead of going for a theme.
A little old man wearing tweed meets them in the lab. Sam introduces them. “This is Dr. Cornelius of Manhattanville. He is the leading expert in North America and specializes in authentication. He’s going to use an x-ray magnifier to look for anomalies in the painting.”
Dean looks over at Gabe and Charlie, confused and unsure, but the calm assurance in Cas’s voice and those soft strokes on his face are keeping the panic at bay. He nods and takes a seat in the wingback chair by the window.
“Take your time Dean, I’ll be here.”
“Nope!”
“Would you mind indicating that here? Just check it off.”
-----------
Dean asks himself as he texts Charlie to send him digital copies of some of those pictures which he then saves to his phone. They are good pictures, and they are looking hot as fuck, so sue him!
------
-----
Dean shatters apart. Body arching into one long line from heel to head, eyes never leaving Cas, who comes right after, so Dean gets to watch as Cas falls apart, the lines of his face morphing in pure pleasure, eyes rolling up and mouth dropping open as he moans one word. “Deaaannn.”
It’s supposed to be a sunny day, so he decides on some very short shorts and nothing else, planning on laying out in the sun and watching the world go by. He goes out a side door and lays out on a lounger overlooking the dock.
Dean grabs the file from Sam when he walks back, and flips through it as he waits for the transfer. “Any new info on these douchebags yet? Did Charlie find anything?”
He smiles to himself, dropping back into his thoughts.
“I think I’ll take my chances. I can't imagine somebody thinking they'd get away with a thing like this.”
“Why are you showing me
That gets a laugh from the suspect and a response, “Ich will einen Rechtsanwalt.”
“I'm sorry, men?” he finally says.
Sam clears his throat and starts walking the scene, Garth trailing behind. “Let's just track this thing through… There were cargo nets spread out ready to use, and they were wearing rappelling harnesses underneath their clothes. So, they kill the air… and make the place uncomfortable to drive out the partygoers, right? Then they lower these gates so nobody can get in to disturb them. Next, they lower the paintings into the cargo nets. Pull the paintings, ditch the frames. They figure they are going to fly out of here, no muss no fuss. But someone catches them early. Some of the crew make it, some of them don’t. So, basically, amateur night, right?” He finishes confidently, looks like this will be quick and easy.
“Well, that was the least I could do.”
“What was it?”
He comes embarrassingly quickly, and he stares unfocused as his sticky cum washes away. Flushed and languid Dean smiles dopily before he realizes he just got off to thoughts of Cas.
“That’s the very personal question?!” But to Dean it sounded loaded with innuendo.
The museum’s security technician pipes up with an answer. “We're upgrading to thermal imagery. So far, it's just the high value areas. But it works in the dark, and even senses body heat.”
“Excuse me? Why are you in my house?”
For some reason, Dean finds that hilarious. He doubles over laughing loudly and has to wipe a tear from his eye. Cas looks bewildered but happy as he tries to understand why Dean is in hysterics. Standing up, Dean claps Cas on the shoulder and looks into his eyes. “Don’t ever change.”
“Wanna see it?”
Once again Dean turns to leave the office; Sam yells after him: “How long have you had these?”
Sam’s expression turns exasperated. “And you don't care what that makes you?”
“Oh, I’m sure your files are thicker than mine, Dean.”
Dean frowns, “Jo is still working here? I thought she was doing private investigating?”
“Ohhhh, no." Dean leans in closer to the screen, "That’s why they cut the air.”
------------------
True to her word, the information is printing out in Sam’s office as they walk back in. As Sam sits in his chair, Dean makes grabby hands at the papers. “Let me see those, ten bucks says my hunch is right…”
“Awesome.” Dean smiles as the greenery tucks into the road and the Stillaguamish River peeks through the trees as it meanders towards the mountains. Feeling at peace he lets out a deep sigh.
Even distorted across the wires it makes Dean shiver. He finishes tying his laces, does a quick check…
“I’m not going to ask that, Dean. I’m going to trust you. Isn’t that what you want, my trust? My guarantee to not leave without you?”
Dean can’t help but watch as the beautiful man leaves the room. Cas seems more at ease here, less big time CEO and more, dorky guy who loves bees. He would be lying if he said it felt important that he is getting to see another facet of who Cas is.
room.
They both chow down on double bacon cheeseburgers, curly fries, and milkshakes. Talking about inconsequential things and enjoying the moment. Hunger satiated, they hit the road. It’s not until Dean smells the ocean and hears the seagulls that he realizes they are still going west when at some point they should have gone south on the interstate.
“You know, that could be! These things need a ten-degree difference. If the temperature of the ambient gets within ten degrees of the bodies...” Alfie muses.
Cas looks out to the water and starts pacing around Dean’s lounger. “And suppose I did run? Then what would you have? Not the painting, not the million-dollar fee, and not me.” He pauses and quickly looks up at Dean.
‘What?” Sam looks back down at the paper, “We spoke to a Lukas.”
Cas looks a little forlorn and Dean can’t stand it. He decides to just take the box out of the equation and walks over, pics it up and plops it on top of the firepit. Watching as the flames catch the wood and start moving up towards the night sky.
“Not yet. I'm Dean Winchester.”
“You've complimented me.”
Whipping around, Ellen shouts with delight and comes around the bar to hug them.
That sharp smile returns to her face. “Portraits. Inserting the rich into old masterpieces. The wife's face on the Mona Lisa, things like that. From Brooklyn to Greenwich in one generation... you must have the paintings to match.”
Cas clearly has a destination. “And where are you taking me?”
Garth whips open his notepad, flipping through at least a thousand pages before stopping, “Bela Talbot, says she is a known forger and implant from the UK.”
“Three, two, one!” Dean unlocks the door and lets Ash in, Benny following behind to hand Ash any tools he may need.
Cas hears the shower tun on, so he starts putting together a lasagna and gets it into the oven before starting a fire in the firepit. He is putting some garlic bread in just as Dean wanders out in just pajama pants with a white towel hanging around his neck. Cas’s mind goes blank as all that delicious, freckled skin is exposed, one drop of water escaping to slide down his torso. Dinner is now the furthest thing from his mind. Dean grins at Cas and wanders out to the porch off the dining room to check out the twilight
“What makes you think they failed, Sammy? Maybe it was a successful robbery. Maybe they were set up to fail!”
He tosses aside the sheets and decides on jeans, boots, and a long-sleeve, forest green Henley. He’ll take his zip up leather jacket and stuff a beanie in the pocket. It might still technically be summer, but this is the Pacific Northwest. Go an hour in any direction, you could be somewhere that’s ten degrees cooler than where you started. Or it starts raining, forecasted or not. He pads downstairs and starts fiddling with the coffeemaker, the rich aroma hitting his nose as he searches the fridge for a snack. Thankful for the grocery delivery he received yesterday, he decides on something that will tide him over. After all, breakfast could be included in these mystery plans.
Dean watches from the corner of his eye as the witness is shown out, something pinging in the back of his mind. He walks over to the window, watching until he sees Castiel cross the street to get into a glossy black Range Rover, door opened by the driver. As he goes to slide in, he glances up and pauses as he sees Dean in the window. Even from this distance those eyes shine brightly, and they seem to sparkle when they lock with Dean’s. He raises that damn eyebrow, gives Dean a small smile, and gets into the car.
They walk to the back of the room and lean against the wall. It takes two seconds for Sam to start in on Dean.
“No, but you do have a physical manifestation of your wings when you’re in a vessel on Earth, and
Dean felt a little thrill in his stomach when Cas used the word
Kevin nodded, like that had made perfect sense.
“Knew it! Continue.”
Bobby chuckled. “Sounds like you’re taking it well.”
Cas cocked his head. “There is a chance of snow today, actually. Twenty-two percent, light dusting at most.”
Dean looks hurt by this, but he doesn’t comment. He just jerks his head toward the motel they’re stood in front of. “Time’s a-wastin’. Witnesses to interview, monsters to research.” He hikes the strap of his overnight bag up his shoulder and leads the way to the room.
“No, Cas, not at all. Look, I know my actions so far haven’t been particularly welcoming. But you know me, I don’t handle change well, and I feel really bad that we’ve saddled you with this problem. I’m trying to adjust, but as Bobby let me know, I’m being an idiot to you in the process. I keep thinking I know what you want, but we haven’t really talked about this. What do
Dean turns to study the angel in his bed through the gloom. Cas’s face peeks out of the top of his wrap. Other than the crumpled expression, he looks okay. No blood, sweat, or anything noticeable by moonlight. He unwraps the blankets, then feels Cas’s forehead. It’s a bit warm, but he seems to run hotter than a human anyway. Cas hums at the touch. Dean pulls back, thinking he’s made it worse, but he sees his sad frown when the contact is broken.
I want to tell them, both of them, and Claire and Charlie, Bobby, Jody, and Garth, and all our friends. Why would you think …” Dean stared at his angel. How could Cas question that? Cas was amazing, and he wanted to shout it to the rooftops that they were finally,
Cas inclined his head in a brief nod. “I am sorry to say so, but yes. Dean said your mother is missing?”
Sam sighs. “Fine. Whatever. Just, maybe talk to him? I’m getting worried.”
Cas nodded. “I feel perfectly–”
to find weird places for Dean to visit on the trip from Montana to Kansas.
Sam scrunched his eyes closed. “I didn’t read the fine print.”
, if we’re doing it at all.”
, unless he wanted to hit that stage, but he didn’t make it passed getting out of the car, stumbling, and trying to say Cas’s name before blackness overtook him.
Cas shrugged, eyes to the ground. “Twenty, thirty minutes? At the very most, maybe an hour. We’ll feel the pull almost immediately, but it will be a small annoyance at the back of your mind. Then you’ll start getting anxious, like when you walk into a room and just know something is about to jump and try to kill you.” Dean huffed a laugh. He knew that feeling very well. He waited for Cas to continue. “Then nausea, like you felt earlier when I was up pacing. That’s all we’ve experienced so far, so I can’t say what will happen after that, but I imagine we’ll just start feeling worse.”
Cas growls but says nothing.
He’s through the door before Dean can argue, and Dean goes straight for the coat he left behind. He pulls the feather back out and studies it, and Sam comes over to do the same.
“Wow, so he’s losing feathers now? Maybe he
there.”
“I always make it all the way home only to realize I forgot toothpaste,” Dean muttered defensively. “Cas thought a list might help.”
He led her through the maze of halls and rooms that was the bunker, eventually landing them in the shooting range. She whistled.
Dean groans but doesn’t move from his spot. He manages to get himself under control by the time Cas emerges from the steamy bathroom over half an hour later,
Thanks so much to everyone who read my fluffy little story. I really love the bond trope and the magically stuck together trope, and as I started writing, this whole home-family subplot sort of inserted itself on its own. I hope it worked out for y'all. :)
“Claire.”
Cas furrowed his brow for half a second before Dean’s meaning hit him. Dean watched him check his internal clock. “I’m fine too.”
It was the more romantic leaning that had him walking on eggshells around what they had. Some days he reveled in their new closeness, but others he worried that they’d get close enough that he’d show his hand, and he’d learn that Cas didn’t feel the same. And the thing was, they were already kinda like an old married couple. They shared jokes and fond looks, they discussed their future together, they worried over Cas’s not-daughter, they enjoyed a fairly nice non-sex life, they bickered easily. Overall, it was way more apple pie than Dean had thought he’d ever get, so he really shouldn’t complain. And, for the most part, he didn’t. He was happy, he really was. It was just that, some days … he’d look and Cas and Cas would look at him, and he’d think about what they could be. Plus, he really missed sex. Like, a lot. But he pushed that particular longing away, guilty that maybe Cas’s one reason for not confessing his love for Dean was fear of having to turn down sex, that Claire had been right to say angels were asexual (yeah, he’d had to Google that one). So, he stifled his hopes and hid his morning wood, and just let things go on as they had been.
that Cas was able to understand.
eye sex. What even is eye sex? At the most, there is eye pining from Dean. Cas just has his normal intense stare he gives everyone.
“I’m good, thanks,” Cas answered softly.
,” Dean asks, and he lets the sarcasm drip all over the last bit.
“You doing okay?”
“Yeah, I think so too. And Kevin? He seem legit?” Dean danced out of the way of a punch, then dove in low, but Cas easily saw through the moves and responded in kind.
And the thought pisses Sam off. Why can’t they ever get a break? They’d never asked for any of this. And even though they wouldn’t even know Cas without getting involved in the (first) apocalypse, he’s still annoyed that the big players can’t seem to kick up a fuss without dragging the Winchester family into it. He longs for those days when all they had to worry about was the latest ghost or harvest god. And he’d thought they were maybe getting back to that, but with Cas acting strange … that’s unlikely.
“Dude who sings ‘Bohemian Rhapsody.’” Dean added.
“There were
“Fine. Okay. It was just a thought.” He tried to stop his voice shaking at the emotional barrage but didn’t really succeed.
Dean’s chuckle turned into a sigh as he settled down. “I’m sure you realize there’s more to Cas and me’s story,” he began.
“I just got here! What’d I do?”
“You’re fine, Dean.”
“Want some?” He hated to offer up the last of the food when he was so hungry, but it was Cas. Luckily, Cas shook his head, so Dean dove back in. Damn, that hit the spot. Just the right mix of meat, beans, and tomatoes, topped off with the best spice mix he’d ever tasted. Even the apple was decent, though it’d be better as pie. He wondered if he could try his hand at baking. Lebanon didn’t exactly have a great food selection, as tiny as it was.
“Ugh, I can’t move.”
“Spit it out, Cas.” Dean tightened his arms around Cas.
wobble.
, he could say
“Damn it. Is the next phase of this bond mimicking each other’s language?” Dean ducked, twisted, and kicked his leg out, but Cas easily side-stepped the move.
“Morning,” Dean rumbles out from behind his coffee cup, watching from the kitchen table as Cas pours his own.
There was a rushing in Dean’s ears. No. No. Nope. This was
Sam is relieved, deuxième partie.
“And what about her still hunting?”
bit of a problem.”
cuddle) in front of the television. He’s not sure what about it helps Cas—is it pure physical contact, or contact specifically with Dean—but he’s not fighting it. The rest of the time, he tries to find little ways to ease his best friend’s discomfort, bringing him tea or snacks (birds need extra food for energy when molting, so it can’t hurt), settling blankets around him when he gets chilled, letting him pick what to watch, even when he picked last time and it’s
“Good.”
, Castiel’s inner voice says.
Dean and Sam laughed.
Cas squeezed his hand. “You’re naturally a caretaker, Dean. Any time you want those around you to be happy, you’re doing it right. And that’s what you’ve done here. Sam will come around. He just needs time. But at least in my case, for the first time in my four hundred million years of life, I feel like I have a real home, so much more than Heaven ever was.”
“Hey, Bobby. What’s up?”
Cas just shrugged, though. “I don’t think what I’m actually feeling has changed, only that
“Look, I’m tired. Think I’ll hit the hay.”
Dean laughed. “I get that. Y’all really do fuck things up when you come down here.”
“No, not really.”
“You might be just a little bit … slightly … umm …” he mumbled something that sounded to Dean like
She gave him a final pat on his shoulder. “I’ll tell you when you’re older.”
“So, Cas,” he says, again marveling at how at peace his friend looks. “You’re back to normal now. What’s next?”
Cas thought a moment, then nodded slowly. “My clothes give strangers an indication as to who I am before they even meet me.”
one either.
happening. Sammy’d got it wrong. This was just a misunderstanding. Cas would arrive, read the ritual, and laugh at Sam’s basic understanding of Enochian. He’d explain that, at most, the binding wasn’t temporary, but still, at least the ritual had absolutely nothing to do with angel marriage. In fact, angel best friends did it all the time (did angels have best friends? They seemed an unfriendly bunch, not likely to make BFFs, but what did Dean know, maybe they got together, braided each other’s hair, and dished about their latest smiting). No biggie.
“We’ll figure it out, Cas. Promise.”
“More me? I don’t understand.”
Cast stepped toward him. “Alright, let’s go.”
Cas nodded solemnly. “Of course, Dean.”
Dean’s lips tremble. “Want?”
And in gaining his own room, Castiel feels safer at the bunker than anywhere else. So it’s strange when he starts feeling restless and irritable. Does it mean he doesn’t want to be at the bunker? Doesn’t want to be with his new family? He was made to be a soldier after all, and the last few years haven’t allowed him much time to just sit and relax. He doesn’t like the thought, because he knows he
“I don’t
“Ugh, he’s about a billion years old, and I’m thirty-four. We are too old to be boyfriends. Also,” he added, wanting to one-up her, “we’re best friends who … um, happen to be angel married?” Now why had he said that? She did not need to know their weird private life.
“Oh la la, quelle scandal! Did you flash him your ankle?”
The question stops Dean for a second, but then he says, “I guess what I meant is how are you feeling? Is it last-night bad?”
He’d be trying to do better to show Cas that he wanted him there. The movie nights and the cooking and all of their routines, they were a comfort to him, but his first thought had been to provide a place for Cas and Sam to feel safe and happy in.
He kept an eye on the time as Sam sped through town, his stomach clenching as the clocked clicked closer to an hour. He and Cas hadn’t come this close to reaching the bond’s time limit since that first time, back at the very beginning of the bond.
, Dean thought bitterly). “Alone,” he continued, backing farther away.
“It doesn’t bother me, if that’s what you’re worried about.”
Castiel wishes he could speak, but words have deserted him. So he simply nods. Dean leans forward again, and he cups Castiel’s jaw in one hand as he presses his lips back to Castiel’s, back where they belong. Castiel closes his eyes and savors the contact. He breathes Dean in and begins the hopefully very long process of learning every inch of this amazing man.
Just a very few final thoughts from Sam to round us off.
“Yeah, you just said that, you liar. We’re almost there, though.”
Castiel shakes his head. “No. Promise,” he adds when Dean looks at him sternly. “I feel restless and prickly, but nothing aches.”
Next was a Henley and another pair of jeans, both of which were signed off on. The next time Cas came out of the room, Dean had to swallow hard and push down every emotion, afraid they were strong enough to bleed through the link. Cas looked perfect. He wore sapphire blue t-shirt that reflected his eyes under a fluffy dark brown cardigan that fell slightly past his hips and had two large pockets, along with the first pair of jeans. Dean wanted to bury himself in Cas, he looked so soft and comfortable. Yeah, that was Cas.
When they got there, Dean went to see if they had any pancake mix and syrup left. If they were out, they’d have to get dressed and head into town for supplies. He could have asked Cas to miracle him a breakfast, but where was the fun in that? He really wanted to make them the old-fashioned way. Once he confirmed they had mix, syrup, and even some slightly frost-bitten sausage in the freezer, he turned to get the coffee maker going only to find Cas already measuring out the grounds.
Cas looked at them blankly.
“But would you want that?”
“Humans are annoying,” is what comes out, even though Castiel had wanted to say how good it is to see them. He’d been in neighborhoods with the houses that all look exactly alike and were too clean on the inside, and everyone was fake polite, and it reminds him of Heaven, which is the last place he wants to be reminded of. But this motel room is closer to what home feels like. No, being near Dean is what makes it feel like home. Why he doesn’t say that, he doesn’t know. Probably because he doesn’t want to deal with Dean getting his hackles up over such an emotional statement. He can’t cope with that right now. He just wants to relax. He loosens his tie and unbuttons the first two buttons of his shirt.
our room, after all. At least until we can be out of each other’s sight for longer than fifteen minutes at a time.”
“Very funny.”
Dean nods with pink cheeks. “Thanks,” he mumbles, and when Cas slides a hand over his, he turns his own over to lock their fingers together.
“Still no idea what might be causing this?”
“You’re an idjit, boy.”
you can do this. Anyone looking at the two of you can see how in love you are, and from the way Sam and the
“Okay then. Yeah.” Dean pauses. “Can I ask you something?”
“I expect that it’s simply that I’ve rubbed one off on you, because we spend all of our time together.”
, he told himself.
, because Charlize Theron was
Dean waved his hands. “Wait, what? I thought this ritual was specifically meant to be between an angel and human. How are there no accounts of it?”
“I’d say it’s closer to number forty,” Sam confided to Claire. “Don’t feel you have to feed his ego if you’re not hungry.”
Dean and Sam share a confused glance.
Kevin nodded. “Yeah, I’m here in my capacity as a nerd who has had a couple of brushes with the supernatural and now can’t just go back to my ‘normal’ life.”
It got easier after that. They talked about Claire and Kevin’s progress with weapons training, and how, surprisingly, it was Claire who had taken to Charlie’s hacking lessons more than Kevin, who wasn’t particularly comfortable with the moral implications of the work. They played a few car games, and Dean made Cas learn all the words to “Bohemian Rhapsody.” Cas took the night shift so they could drive straight through, and by the time Dean woke up the next morning, they’d arrived at their destination.
“The bond,” Cas said, looking small and confused.
“Feeling better this morning?” Dean asks softly, a small smile quirking the corners of his mouth. He looks … fond. Happy. Not the least bit scared. Castiel looks closer. No, he does look scared, but he’s pushing it down. He gives a little shrug when he sees Castiel’s gaze deepen, and his face gets pink and too complicated to read. What does it mean?
“Perhaps,” Cas says, trying to and failing to look cool and unaffected. Dean can see the pleased pride underneath it.
“I’m glad I’m not the only one wanting to keep her safe.”
Cas looked at him softly. “Me too.”
“Can you speak Enochian?”
“Damn it, I
Fair enough, but the whine brings up another point of recent weirdness. Cas has become extra clingy. He sits at the table during meals, even though he doesn’t eat. He just watches Dean and Sam, sometimes holding a cup of coffee. He gets bored during the day and follows Dean around the bunker. He hovers at the door to whichever storeroom Dean is currently cleaning out, but only rarely offers to help. It’s
“And I’m glad you finally felt comfortable telling me, really. But, the thing is … I’ve known for a while now. Probably longer than you have. Or, I knew before you admitted it to yourself at least.”
books tell it, that was happening long before the bond came into the picture. You won’t mess this up, not really. You’ll make mistakes, yeah, but nothing that could irreparably harm him or break the two of you apart. Just … learn to talk, Dean. And remember, you’re not alone anymore. If you ever do have problems, go talk to someone, ask for help. Me, Sam, Bobby, even Claire and Kevin, we’re here for you, and we love you. Not to mention, we all ship you two so hard. We want to see this work.”
“Oh, um, whatever gets the job done. I’m not picky.”
. I’m thirty-four!”
It still gets Dean when Cas references pop culture. Not so much movies and books that he knows about from Metatron’s infodump, but technology, modern music, and whatnot. Yeah, that’s weird. He smiles into Cas’s temple. “What about angel radio?”
“What do I need to do?”
“Then it’s because of a very fortuitous set of events plus love that made it all possible.”
“That sounded less dirty in my head. I just mean, you look more comfortable now that you’re not in the suit and coat. I think the brainy professor look suits you better.”
He leaned his head back against the shelf behind him. Well, that was a bit … much, but hell, had it felt good to get it out in the open. He’d shared bits of it with Cas, of course, but Cas was always so accommodating and careful. Bobby at least could understand where Dean was coming from.
“Bad day, huh?” he asks the restless angel walking beside him. Cas nods. “Grace still feels okay, though?”
He then directed Cas to dump a quarter of the mix into his coffee and stir it, then try the coffee again. Cas took a sip, and he looked at it contemplatively before dumping in the rest of the mix and stirring again. He pronounced his next sip ‘palatable,” and settled back into his chair. Dean doctored his own coffee with (much less) of the second packet, then hit play on the Netflix screen.
Cas squeezed his hand when he opened his mouth again, and he shut it. Claire was sort of Cas’s responsibility after all. He didn’t need Dean butting in.
“You doing okay?” Sam asked, flicking a concerned glance at him.
“Geeze. Right, okay. It’s …” he rubbed his brow, then went back to his work. It’d be easier while not looking at them. “So, about six months back, Sam and I were on a hunt for this weird yeti-cabra hybrid, and nothing we tried worked on it. By the time we each had a host of injuries from fighting the damn thing, we decided to resort to magic.”
“What? Hell no. My pizza is way better than anything we could get at a restaurant.”
?” There’s no way Cas can really be that clueless, can he? Clueless angel or no, Dean’s pining is obvious as shit.
Cas clenches his hands at his side and continues walking. “For one, they look terrible: ragged, burnt, and mangled. Wings are meant to intimidate our enemies, but who fears this mess?” He gestures behind him at the hidden wings. “And two … I guess they’re just not something a human has ever seen, so it feels a bit like I’m flashing you.”
By the time Dean finished double checking that he really wasn’t feeling the effects of being apart from Cas for too long, they’d reached the Amazon’s house. Despite not needing to hurry, he was out of the car and halfway up the sidewalk by the time Sam finished parking.
“Dean? I have a request. It’s very silly, and if you don’t want to do it, we don’t have to, but … I think I’d like to, if you’re amenable.”
Cas dropped the sweater sleeve he was feeling and looked up in surprise. “I am?”
“Well, let’s see. You’ve turned into Grumpy Cat, rough textures irritate your skin, you’re achy, and you’re losing feathers.” He adds the last as he picks up a new feather lying behind Cas’s back. This one is mangled and charred. Cas has been grounded so long that Dean’d forgotten that it had affected the actual manifestation of his wings too. He thinks back to the times he’s seen the mangled projections after the Fall caused by Metatron, and it makes his heart hurt all over again. Cas is more than his wings, of course, but they were such a big part of who he had been for thousands of years that Dean knows it still must bother him. “You’ve never heard of another angel going through this at all?”
Cas smiled softly. “Oh.”
Sam chuckles. “Like you know what toddlers are like.”
“Whatcha doin’?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“I think you’re a sweater guy.”
“I mean,” Sam said, “I guess it wasn’t just any one thing. You lowkey flirt with anyone you think is good looking, regardless of gender, I guess that was a big one. Then a couple of years ago you started blatantly checking men out as often as you did women.” He shrugged, “it seemed really obvious?”
After the grocery store, they picked up some Greek and headed back to the bunker. Sam met them at the door during the second trip inside, and he helped Dean unload the TV (not nearly large enough for Dean’s taste, but it was still far better than a laptop screen). Cas offered to zap it inside for them, but Dean waved off the help. Angel mojo was all well and good when they were fighting some hinky monster or demons, but he preferred doing things the old-fashioned way. In his line of work, he couldn’t let himself get lazy. That’d just get him killed.
“No, because you just gave me a list of changes this place needs.”
Charlie, though, continued to stand in thoughtful silence. Dean caught her staring at him a couple of times, but he wasn’t eager to answer her deeper questions, and luckily Sam and Cas entered the kitchen then, and they all settled in for a boisterous lunch.
figuring, out his complicated issues, if for no other reason than Cas could use the comfort right now. But Sam hopes it’s not a one-time thing that stops as soon as they get Cas fixed up. He hopes it’s an impetus to push them into the relationship they’ve been avoiding for far too long. He’s ready for this dance to be over. If they can figure out what’s wrong with Cas, they might have a chance of getting back to that peace they’ve been trying to reach the last month or so, and it would be great to not have the unresolved sexual/romantic tension still hanging about.
“Yes, Dean, you just said that. However,
Dean searched for an explanation Cas could understand. “Okay, so everyone has a personality that makes them
Cas shrugged. “It’s hard to say. The bond has always been performed in Heaven, and only between angels. Not only does time work differently in Heaven, but your own human vessel will react differently to the bond than an angel’s Heavenly vessel. In fact, my own human vessel will likely react differently as well. If I had to estimate, I’d say between two months and two years.”
“But you are someone making decisions for multiple people. At her age, she can’t really fathom that, not in any practical sense. She’s focused on herself right now, as she should be.”
“Perhaps it is simply my prolonged time spent on Earth. I am interacting with the world in a more human way now. Few angels linger on this plane, and I’ve never exactly had the time to ask, ‘Hey Gabriel, did you start acting more human after your first decade on Earth?’ at the watercooler.” He rolls his eyes.
Dean is pleasantly surprised when they stop at a little drive-in burger joint just a few miles down the road.
“Thank you, Dean.”
“Whiskey on the rocks with a twist. And…. Scotch neat for my friend here.”
Anna, entirely on to him and done with his crap responds with a sigh. “Old joke, very carefully.”
Cas stares down across the city, the view from Dr. Milton’s office is beautiful as always. Yet he barely sees it as he zones out thinking about Dean Winchester. Why did the man suspect him? Yes, Cas did it, but…not even the FBI suspects him. Though even if they did, it wouldn’t matter. He has the good fortune of being ridiculously wealthy, extremely well connected, and hurting absolutely no one with his boardroom takeovers. And in many cases he is saving people being abused by the wealthy. So it’s not that he’s worried about repercussions if he is caught. He could easily run, and live a comfortable lifestyle while doing so, if that were the case. He is curious what makes him so transparent to Dean, and why he is so curious about Dean. The man is infuriating, charming, and honestly… such fun to play with. Cas would be lying if he said he wasn’t excited to be dining with him this evening.
Dean grinned. “I’m fine.”
“More like Purgatory, with all the lowkey torture I went through.” Dean turned to Cas. “Is Purgatory real?” Cas nodded. “Then yeah, it was like that. But I finally got my head out of my ass and kissed this nerd.”
Sam was trying to explain Scooby Doo to a confused Cas when Dean returned, waving the packets triumphantly. “Mochas, anyone?”
(See the end of the chapter for
“He’s going to get my brother. Let’s get settled down at the table.” Dean tried to take her duffle, but she yanked it back and hauled it over her shoulder and made her way down the stairs, Dean following with an eyeroll. She was obviously in that independent teen phase he remembered Sam going through. He sent a mental note for Cas to gird his loins and get ready for some major ‘tude.
. He’s not even quite sure at first how he knows. People have been convinced that Dean and Cas are a couple for almost as long as they’ve known each other, because they definitely have always acted like it. There’s always been an intensity to the way they look at each other, like no one else is worth their time. It’s made Sam question the nature of their relationship a few times himself. But this, today, them sitting at the table … They look different.
“Sam tells me you and Cas got hitched.” Even over a cell connection, Dean could hear the exasperated humor in Bobby’s gruff tone. He calmed, hearing the man reacting exactly like he always did.
“But that’s not all.”
“Like fifteen minutes, I think?”
“We were about to sit down for dinner. Are you hungry?” he asked. If they could get her to stay a few days, they might have more success persuading her to stop hunting and settle down.
“It’s Wednesday, and I don’t eat.”
“Hey, I’m not old enough to be your dad.”
“Another shower?” he asks, concerned.
“Wow, a whole thirty seconds. I can’t wait to tell Mom.”
“I’m fine,” Cas finally says, and he seems determined to prove it by not moving a muscle.
Dean struggled to standing, groaning as his not yet healed elbow crunched in a very not good way. “What kind of Amazon puts an angel trap in her house?”
Cas’s words were soft but firm, and Dean felt like shit for about the eight thousandth time that day. Why couldn’t Cas have been saddled with someone who could do this shit better—the give and take, the caution, the noticing of feelings before he put his foot straight into his mouth. Someone whole who could be there for him. Granted, anyone fitting that description would not get themselves in this mess to begin with. They’d be home, raising their two-point-whatever children—white picket fence and apple pie life firmly in place.
Also, I want to know if Cas’s Star Wars knowledge is from Dean forcing him to memorize the stuff or if it’s from the Metatron infodump. Yes, this is my fic, and yet I don’t know the answer to that question. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Suuuuure. If only they were that lucky. Dean slumped low in his chair, put his hands over his face, and groaned. His heart beat far too fast, and he tried to keep his breathing even. It wasn’t working. “I hate you so fucking much.”
of alcohol if he wanted to get through this. He diverted to the alcohol stash and pulled out the whiskey. He twisted the cap off and took a good glug, and then a second for luck, then headed back to the library and the fate that awaited him there. There had better be a way to renege on this … he couldn’t even think
“What? No.”
Dean went cross-eyed trying to figure out what he was doing.
“Fine. I’ll be better once we re– Wait!” Dean went through his mental checklist of symptoms.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if this ritual cribbed the words from another one. People love their shortcuts. Why reinvent the wheel?”
? Decades?
“Yeah, no, got that.” He contorted his head until he could see Cas’s face. “Why would you think that? You were here a while ago when you gave me that mind-blowing orgasm, right?”
“Don’t let Sam hear you say that.”
a pied piper? What does pie have to do with it?”
“Old people?
Cas shrugs, then moves his head like a cat when Dean stops petting him. Dean rolls his eyes. “Come on, you big baby.” He lays them both back down, with Cas’s body turn toward him on his side. He cradles Cas’s head against his chest with one hand and uses the other to sweep down his back. His heart is pounding as he does it, but his need to make Cas feel better trumps any fear or discomfort.
“Okay,” Dean said as Cas lay back down beside him and linked their hands. “If that’s what you want, it’s fine by me. Just … be careful. Don’t ask too much of yourself, or of Claire. I remember being a kid like her, and Sam too. You can’t push her, or she’ll bolt. Let her set the pace. Although I am going to make her go to the shooting range with me tomorrow. I need to make sure she can handle guns before I let her run free in the world again. Maybe have Sam check out her knife work too.”
“We need to talk.”
Cas and Dean look at each other and grin.
Sam feels his brows rise. “Really?” He doesn’t think he’d ever want to become immortal, but that isn’t something an already-immortal being has to contend with, so immortality probably doesn’t seem as unendingly boring to an angel. But angel powers kinda rock, so he’s surprised Cas would give that up.
“Whatevs. I finally got my invite. Prepare me a room! I’ll be there tomorrow. Wow, I can’t wait to get a look at all that old computer equipment Sam’s been telling me about. Okay, I need to pack and send some emails letting people know I’ll be unavailable for a while. How long do you want me there for? Doesn’t matter, I’ll pack for 2 weeks. You have a laundry, right? Of course you do. It’s a bunker in the middle of nowhere. Oh, and I need to stop by the corner store and pick up road trip snacks, oh and download a few podcasts for the drive. Oh shoot, do I have enough clean clo–”
“What? How?” Had he always been so easy to read? He’d thought he’d done pretty good keeping things to himself.
are kinda like bird wings. Yeah,” he continues excitedly, getting into the idea. “Few angels spend a ton of time on Earth, so no one probably talks about it, but that doesn’t mean it doesn’t happen. Or, maybe, it usually doesn’t happen, but with your wings like they are from falling, they’re finally trying to regrow.”
Cas starts to shake his head again, but stops. “Which one?”
. He thinks about leaving, but he can’t make himself do it. As much as the Winchesters aggravate him these days, he’d miss them more if he left. Besides, where would he go? Things may be calm, but that doesn’t mean he’d be welcome in Heaven or with his brothers and sisters. And now that Castiel has a real place to call home, he doesn’t want to leave. So he stays and just quarrels with Dean—and Sam, to a much lesser extent—constantly.
Dean pulled his hands away, and sure enough, Cas stood just as he’d pictured him, trench coat, head cock, and all.
“It’s been because of Sam that this place has become a resource for hunters, and because of Dean that it’s also become a home,” Cas said.
“Oh, you know me, always looking on the bright side of life.”
Dean sighed, and leaned against the nearest shelf, fiddling with some sort of jewelry box. It was probably cursed, and he shouldn’t touch it, but that didn’t stop him.
The only thing she said as they were cleaning up was that they didn’t act like any hunters she knew, or even the way they’d acted when she’d originally met them, and for a moment, Dean was thrown. Had they really changed so much in the last few years? Then he realized that they changed that much just in the last few months, since the bonding ritual. They’d been forced to change how they lived and what choices they made, Dean especially. He couldn’t rush headlong into danger now that he had a bondmate to think of. They still weren’t sure what would happen if he died or, worse, if Cas got stabbed by an angel blade, and he wasn’t eager to find out. Luckily, Heaven seemed to be giving them a wide berth these days. And even though Cas and Dean (and occasionally Sam) still hunted, they took fewer cases, what with Sam’s growing network of hunters across the country who could take the jobs far from home, when they did cross the country for a job, it was usually because Cas wanted to go see the region it was in. Damn, they really were becoming boring.
After a moment, Cas hummed and pulled away. “I love you too, Dean Winchester.”
“I don’t sleep,” Castiel had responded, but he’d really been thinking,
Dean shrugged, passing a packet to Cas. “It’s a snow day. Seemed like a good idea.”
“Wait, hold it, Buffy,” said Dean, raising his free hand. “You can’t hunt. You’re like fourteen.”
“The bond. We gonna go out and field test it, or lay low until we can find more info on it?”
“Maybe. Or some pissed off angel out for revenge?” Dean offers, looking no happier with any of the options.
“Hmm,” Cas hummed.
would be happier in another vessel, I’d support that, but, no, you don’t need to change anything for me. Just be you, okay?”
And because he can’t help himself—these two really need to figure their shit out before Sam defenestrates himself to get away from the pine forest growing in the bunker—he adds on, “plus, if you leave, I’ll have to deal with Dean being all lovelorn and mopey-depressed, and I don’t know if I can do that again.”
buried in that stupid angel book, but said nothing. He stayed silent until the final car chase of the film, when the big lug clomped over to Dean’s favorite reading nook and paused the movie.
“No,” Cas sighs into Dean’s neck, who steels himself not to react.
The odd words, still rumbling against his ear, surprise him enough to make him do as asked. Dean gazes down at him from where he lies higher up at the head of the bed. Castiel is curled into him, and his head lies on Dean’s chest. A warm, comforting hand sweeps up his back.
“It’s not like you’ve read every book the world, man. If you did, you’d understand my Harry Potter references.” Dean tucked his phone between his ear and shoulder so he could rifle through his bag. He knew he’d packed socks. He always packed socks. They were right up there with underwear and rock salt on his Hunt Necessities list. No, he didn’t have an
Sam entered the kitchen not long after, and Dean waved him quiet when it looked like he was going to speak. He titled his head toward the competitors, and Sam joined him in watching the silent show.
Well, that was kinda fucked up, but it wasn’t the
She rolled her eyes. “Fine, old man.”
And he told them about the ritual and how Sam couldn’t read fine print or Enochian worth a damn and how they’d scoured the library and archives for any way to break the bond, and how they’d learned to live with it since then. When he finished, they all stared into the distance in thought.
He sees Dean smile and turn towards him, “You’re such a dork, come here.” And he grabs one end of his towel and whips it around Cas’s neck to tug him close.
“You are spooky man, really spooky. They owned a gallery together, Novak and Morgenstern. In Berlin, 2008. And another in Hamburg and one in Paris in 2012.”
“Stop the fucking car!” Dean throws open the door and Cas has to slam on the breaks to slow down fast enough. Dean storms off in the direction of the restaurant. He can hear Cas get out of the car and chase after him. He turns and yanks his elbow out of reach at Cas’s touch.
Garth starts nodding vigorously, “Kid of a great forger...who paints as well as Dad. Just hasn't been caught yet, hot damn Dean! You’re a genius.”
Castiel is an avid car collector and is distracted from the panic and lust Dean has caused at the sight of the vehicle. “Your car is stunning, is it a ’67?”
The pinging gets louder.
Cas gives Dean a ride home and then walks him all the way to his door. Dean leans in, going for a kiss on Cas’s cheek and sneaks the keys back into his coat pocket. Drawing back, their eyes catch. Dean has no idea what it is between them, but they constantly get stuck eyefucking the shit out of each other and he can’t even be mad about it. In the back of his mind, he knows he needs to step away…close the door… cut himself off from the heady feeling of being near Cas. Dean feels himself sway closer into Cas’s space, fuck it, just one kiss. Out of the corner of his eye he sees a head duck back around the corner. He’d bet Baby its one of Sam’s goons, but it shakes him out of whatever spell Cas has him under. He jerks back blushing once again, he doesn’t think he’s ever blushed this much in his entire life, and mumbles a thank you to Cas.
“I agree, on keeping the bond to our immediate family. Need-to-know only.” It was quiet for a moment. “And you’re sure you want the hunter community to know about us, if it comes up?”
But after a particularly difficult hunt that ended with Dean being held at knifepoint until Cas was able to pop in and gank the son of a bitch, as they lay in bed, Cas had rolled over and put his arms around Dean. Though surprised, Dean had reveled in the closeness, and so he’d let it happen as he breathed Cas in deep, something he’d wanted to do since they’d first formed the bond. He’d slept better that night than he had in ages, but it didn’t happen again for another month, when they had another harrowing hunt. The time after that, it was after they’d had a big argument, and Dean had initiated it to show how sorry he was for starting the fight. And finally, it became normal to end their day curled into each other.
see them. The blast that accompanies an angel’s death completely charrs all of the feathers. The black, wing-shaped outline you see is the ashes from the feathers.”
“That angel couldn’t have bonded with anyone but you. He’s been following you around like a puppy since the Lucifer ordeal. Hell, he built you from the soul up and marked you with his own handprint. You two already have a bond deeper than any two humans have, and most certainly more than any angel and human. I have a feeling that if you asked him, Cas would tell you that the ritual wouldn’t have even worked if there wasn’t some measure of compatibility between the two of you.”
Sam nodded, and Dean and Cas headed to the library.
“You’re very good at the feeding thing.”
“Nah, don’t worry about that. I’ve known the bunker’s location for months.”
“But he doesn’t need sleep.”
“What are you doing?” Dean asks, voice higher than usual.
“Sounds good. Be there soon.” He turned his head and placed a quick kiss on the palm of Dean’s hand, then let go.
“Okay, Dean, before I tell you, you have to promise not to kill me,” Sam began, and Dean shook his head. Nothing good ever started with Sam saying those words.
Dean could already imagine her geeking out over all the vintage equipment. He wouldn’t see her or Sam for days. “If you want,” he said. “And I mean that.
By evening, Dean was tired of waiting for the inevitable conversation, and so when everyone split up for some free time after dinner, he told Cas he wanted to catch up with Charlie alone, and that he’d come find him when they were done. This was a conversation he needed to focus on, and not worry about Cas walking in and hearing something Dean wasn’t ready for him to hear.
. He hasn’t been able to stop thinking about that all day. Does he want it? Of course he does. He’s a red-blooded guy who just happens to be addicted to a certain angel’s presence, but no one else has to know that. Except apparently Sam, who’s too smart for his own good, the little fucker. And now Dean’s wishing for some apocalyptic event so he can go back to avoiding the whole idea completely. Except they can’t have that, because they really, really need to figure out what’s wrong with Cas before something bad happens to him.
Omggggg, I adore grumpy Cas. So. Much. I hope I’m doing him justice, because he’s the best. I hope you’re enjoying him too.
Dean put a hand to Cas’s jaw, rubbing his stubble with his thumb. His gaze shifted between his eyes and his lips, longing deep in his gut. He could do it. He could kiss this being he loved more than life itself. God, how he wanted to. So bad. But just as he was about to lift his head from his pillow, a frisson of panic shot up his spine, and he froze. He covered it with a smile, patted Cas’s cheek, and let his arm drop.
Cas grumbles a bit before finding actual words. “No, this has never happened before that I’m aware of. But with so few angels being so permanently located on Earth, it’s hard to say. Add in the Fall … and who knows, this might be happening to the few remaining earthbound angels too. We don’t exactly WhatsApp each other the latest on our lives.”
Dean untangled one of their clasped hands to rub self-consciously at his neck. “I mean, I was kinda joking there. But, wow, I didn’t know you felt like that. You think I’m doing good? Because sometimes I feel like I’m doin’ it all wrong. I haven’t had a home since I was, like, four. I’m pretty clueless on how it all works. And I can’t manage to talk Sam into really moving in. Have you seen his bedroom? It’s practically as bare as the guest rooms.”
“What type of gun do you use?”
He thought about the kiss as he brushed his teeth. He thought about the kiss as he washed his face. He thought about the kiss as he changed into pajamas. He thought about the kiss while lying in bed, waiting for Cas to join him. Then the bed dipped, and Cas settled on his side next to him, their fingers intertwined and his chin resting in the crook of Dean’s shoulder. He wore Dean’s Fleetwood Mac shirt that he often managed to “accidentally” grab instead of his own sleep shirt, and Dean would never lodge one complaint about the thievery.
“And what are we, chopped liver?” asked Claire, coming to the door with Kevin and Alex.
Claire rolled her eyes before transferring her attention to Cas. “Castiel.”
together. “Cas?”
“Just a little time alone, Cas, please,” Dean pleaded, ignoring how Cas’s expression tore at his heart. “How long until we absolutely need to touch again?”
“I swear to God, if you say ‘fine’ again, I’m leaving you both here,” Sam whined.
“Holy shit, it’s finally happened.”
The bunker gets a few new faces
After that, they don’t even try sleeping apart. Cas is less grumpy, and truth be told, so is Dean. Sam watches them with a knowing eye but says nothing, thank goodness. He can be an annoying little shit most of the time, but sometimes he’s not half bad.
terrified that, come morning, they’ll end up the same way they had this morning. Or worse. What if
“You’re sure this is temporary?”
“Do you want to see more outside of here, though?”
“So, Kevin Tran, you want to become a Man of Letters?” Dean asked.
Still looking disbelieving, Dean speaks up. “Okay, but this place isn’t having issues. No buildings falling apart, no famine, the plants all look okay.”
fault? Dean wanted to cross back to his friend but stifled the urge. “I’m fucking pissed, but not at you. But I do need some space, if your predictions are true. I can’t … I just …” He dropped his head back and shook it. “I need to be alone.” He whirled and left the room before he could see what his words did to Cas.
served.”
The gust from Cas’s sigh was almost strong enough to travel through the radio waves or whatever cell phones transmitted through and tickle Dean’s ear on the other side. He pushed the notion away, not wanting to think about Cas’s breath and his ear in the same thought.
“Damn it, that means Charlie wins the pot,” Bobby added. Dean wasn’t sure how one opened a beer disgustedly, but Bobby somehow managed it.
“Anytime, man.” Sam grabbed his arm as he passed by. “Really. Anytime.”
“I dunno,” Dean says, scrubbing his hands through his hair. “I think I’m gonna have to be the mature one for once and say it’s not up to us to decide. And if we even bring the idea up to him, he’ll probably go all bull-headed and insist we keep working the job. But maybe …” he sighs, “maybe not pick up another one after this? I don’t like the idea of him passing out during a fight or something.”
“I remember everything about you. I pulled you from Hell on September eighteenth, two thousand and eight. I attempted to talk to you at a gas station that same day. We met in human form in a barn outside of Pontiac, Illinois, on September twentieth.”
pouting,” he pouts, but he heads for the sidewalk that circles the rest stop, shoulders bowed like someone took his puppy.
When he woke, Dean’s back was resting on the cold concrete of the garage, Sam’s mopey, concerned face floated above him, and something warm and
. He kicks Dean’s seat a third time.
, right? Quirks and habits and flaws. Well, to us humans, clothing is an extension of our personality. It matches our likes and our lives. So a goth wears all back, elaborate clothing. Someone really perky and happy wears bright clothes. Fancy people wear fancy clothes. Joe Schmoes like me wear jeans and flannel. Get it?”
“In a few minutes. I want to finish this chapter.” He sounded distracted, so Dean decided not to annoy him anymore.
Taking his own advice, Dean dug into his combo plate and groaned in food ecstasy. “Oh yeah, that hits the spot. Cas, you gotta try to this falafel. It’s amazing.”
Cas furrowed his brow. “Why?”
“Not so much, no,” Dean agrees with his brother.
“Really? I finally get to see the bunker?”
Sam shrugged. “Yeah, I’m fine. Busy with work.” He pointed to the book he’d been reading.
“Given how much of a prima donna this one is about the texture of clothes, I figured second hand was the way to go, since worn stuff tends to be softer. Went to a place we found by the grocery store.”
Surprisingly, having a man (or, man-shaped being) looming over him in such an intimate position didn’t freak Dean out in the least. They’d been slowly edging toward more intimacy as their bond continued to settle anyway, so ever since they’d started
As if conjured from their talk, Cas appeared in the door to the storage room. His concerned face morphed to understanding when he saw Dean was on the phone. Dean nodded at him and held up a finger.
For once, it wasn’t Dean who shifted uncomfortably at the mention of their nebulous relationship, but Cas. He cleared his throat but kept hold of Dean’s hand under the table.
, which is the first movie chronologically, or
“No! No. I mean, angel sex isn’t exactly a thing, though there is a dance that melds graces that is often done by angels who share a romantic bond, and I have heard it
“Uhh.” Dean looked over at his brother, who was now muttering to himself and looking confused. “Sam. What’s he need to do?”
Castiel pulls (reluctantly) away from Dean’s warmth and forces himself out of bed. He frowns at Sam as he goes for one of the coffees. “What research? We solved the case.”
Dean shook head and went back to the pancakes. “You’re too much, you know that, angel? Just don’t feel like you need to, for my sake. I’m likely to turn into a lazy son of a bitch if you pamper me too much.” He shot Cas a wink at that last bit, then grabbed the whisk to mix up the batter.
He glared at her, but since she really was the only one he could tell this to, he kept talking. “I’ve tried to say the words so many times, but I freeze before I can get them out. And the other night, we were about
Sam perked up. “Oh, hey, I was thinking of doing a sort of open house thing, now that we’ve got a lot of the bunker up and running. I thought our friends might like to see what happens here. We could plan for that soon, and you could tell them then?”
Sam sat down at the table and pulled Claire out of her quiet by talking about their library and archives, which led to a history of the Men of Letters and how the Winchesters had eventually acquired the space. He somehow made it sound dry, but Claire was interested enough, so Dean didn’t comment. Cas eventually came over to heat syrup and grab plates and silverware, and they worked around each other as seamlessly as they fought monsters.
“Oh, like when I picked out my pajamas last night.”
Also, has Dean finally manned up, or is this a one-night-only thing? Tune in next time to find out …
After another look, Dean nods. “Okay. Do you need a nap or some food or anything?”
She sighed. “Right.”
Cas’s face softens a little, and he gives a nod of acknowledgement. “Thank you, Sam. I’ll keep that in mind.”
The hunt was actually interesting: a nachz-something that Dean thought could be better named a ghoul‑pire. This one apparently took after the ghoul side of the family and was chomping on the recently deceased at night. Defeating it went more easily than expected. As soon as they (Cas) realized it wasn’t a pure ghoul, they (Cas) acquired the coin necessary to kill it, Dean stabbed it a few times with a silver knife to distract it, Cas popped in and put the coin in its mouth, and then Dean chopped its head off. As always, they worked like a well-oiled machine and accumulated few injuries, all of which healed in minutes.
Cas picks at the edges of the book cover. “What if this is something that’s never happened before? We might not be able to find an answer.”
“What are we, a halfway house for wannabe hunters?” Dean muttered, leading the wide-eyed teen down the stairs and alerting Cas to their visitor.
“Don’t feel too bad. You were a different person back then. We all were. Maybe you’re right to want her here now, to try to make things better for her. Just … don’t let yourself wallow in the guilt, ‘kay? Acknowledge the part you played, and then resolve to do better. That’s all you can do.”
“Calm down. I’ll explain everything in a minute.” She rolled her eyes, yanked her arm free, and went to stand at the balcony rail to look down on the map room below.
“Maybe after everyone visits and we tell them?”
He straightens up and holds out a hand. Castiel takes it tentatively, not used to such a gesture. He likes it, though, so he doesn’t question it. Dean pulls him out of the car and stays in place as Castiel stretches and orients himself. He wonders when Dean stopped caring about the lack of space between them, but again, he doesn’t question it. And for the first time in weeks, he feels calm, relaxed. He smiles up at Dean, whose eyes are soft and bracketed by the crow’s feet Castiel loves.
Dean paused when he realized he hadn’t updated Charlie on the whole bond thing. “Complicated,” he finally said. “I’ll tell you some other time. I’ve got a favor to ask of you for now.”
It’s not a straight no, and Dean’ll take it.
“We knew it was a distinct possibility when we started training her. We can only hope she feels comfortable enough to come to us if she needs help, which she’s showing some signs of, with her calls to ask questions and her sending Kevin to us.”
“I just meant … it’s not very angelic of me to want this.”
Dean’s mouth gapes like a fish, and his face feels like a furnace. One, holy shit, did he just accidentally out himself to his baby brother? And two, Sammy already
“Nuh uh. We’ll be closing in on an hour by the time we reach Cas. You’re not driving, unless you feel like crashing your precious car.”
“It’s okay, it
“Wait, Cas, you’re
“Maybe soon I won’t wake up being poked by these infernal feathers in my bed,” he grumbles as he gathers up the night’s new feathers from their nest of blankets.
“Maybe,” she replied, cocking her head in a move reminiscent of Cas. “I didn’t realize so much had been written on lore. How does the wider world not realize monsters exist?”
“Do you want to be human, Cas?” This isn’t the first time Sam has wondered about this. He’s seen longing in Cas’s eyes many times, and it’s hard to know what exactly he’s longing for (besides Dean, that is).
“He’s checked his homework twice. It’s a real simple ritual. We just need your consent, a stick of incense, and some chanting. Wham, bam, thank you, ma’am, slimy yeti-cabra taken care of, back home in time for
“Damn,” Cas replied. “My guy just left his house. I need to follow. Yes, fine. Do the ritual. Do I say the words now?”
“Hunts?”
Sam smirks. “Dude, you know him way better than anyone else does.”
“Thanks, Cas. That- that really means … a lot. Yeah.” He let out a yawn so fake even Cas would be able to see it for the cover up it was. “Wow, I guess cooking for a crowd took a lot out of me. And we’ve likely got a lot of training ahead of us the next few days. I should get some shut-eye.”
“Dean?”
He’s gotta shut this down. “Okay, no,” Dean says, pointing a finger at Sam. “You can tease me when it’s just you and me, that’s fine, but
Dean’s face turns tomato red as well, and he chokes on the breakfast he’s been inhaling like Garfield does lasagna, but he doesn’t say anything even after he clears his lungs. He just ducks back down and focuses on his food.
“Mmm. For the most part, yeah.” The words are slow and quiet.
Dean really was a damn ogre, wasn’t he? “I really do want you around. When I say I need some space, I mean just for a little while. I’ve always been like this. I learned to find little hideaways when me and Sammy were cooped up in a single motel room, waiting for Dad to come back from a hunt. Sometimes I can be a little bit of an introvert, ya know? I just need some peace and quiet to recharge for a minute. It’s not about you at all. Promise. So, what do you say we go on a bookshelf hunt, huh? And then maybe you can help me search the storage rooms to make sure there are no angel books layin’ around?”
“A couple?” Dean asked, picking up on the word choice.
Castiel can tell Dean is still internally freaking out just a bit, but he covers it with a complaint. “Burritos? Come
“Okay then. I think I can provide you with hunting, seeing more of humanity, and plenty of bickering between me and Sammy, so if that’s really what you want …” It was hard to believe, but he wouldn’t fight it, seeing as he wanted Cas to stay too.
Cas rolled his eyes, but opened his mouth obediently, and Dean fed him the falafel.
“She’s like twelve,” Dean shot back, mouth pulled back from the phone (he was polite like that).
“Perhaps.”
“So what’s the plan?”
Dean took his hand long enough to stand, but dropped it as soon as he had his balance. It wasn’t like they could go around constantly touching for the next insert-vague-time-period-here. He didn’t want to get used to the feeling. He’d top up only when he started getting nauseous. That seemed like a good limit.
Sam stifles a laugh. He kind of loves how Cas can rile him up without even trying. And anything that pushes at Dean’s distorted ideas of masculinity is a win in Sam’s book.
, his best friend and a fucking
After firing off a round, Claire pulled down her ear protection.
“Dude, where have you been this week? He’s been tripping over himself to make you comfortable, he has no sense of personal space when it comes to you anymore, and let’s not even talk about the soppy grins he gives you.”
think about) for a moment in thought. “But you’re smart, too, you know.”
here. And since I got here yesterday, I haven’t seen you two apart for longer than ten minutes.” She raised a sly eyebrow. “Is there something you want to tell me? You did promise to dish on ‘it’s complicated’ when we talked on the phone. So, what’s up?”
He pulled the leftovers from the fridge, opened the lid, and sniffed. Smelled okay. And angel mojo seemed to be doing a decent job keeping him in good health, when he wasn’t pretending it didn’t exist, so he probably wouldn’t die from it, or even puke from food poisoning. He decided to chance it, and threw it in the microwave to heat. He found the bread and cut off a huge slice, then went hunting for whatever else he could find. All he could scrounge up was an apple, and while it wasn’t in pie form, it was better than nothing. When the microwave beeped, he brought everything over to the table and dug in. After a while, he realized it was awfully quiet, and he looked up to see Cas and Sam staring at him—Sam with his usual “Dean is a pig” disgusted expression, and Cas in confusion, mixed with a slight interest, which was new.
Sam shakes his head helplessly. “If his grace is fine, I have no idea what it could be. A spell maybe? Some sort of angel kryptonite we’re not aware of?” he wracks his brain for other options, and none of them sound appealing.
“Yep”
As Dean is getting ready to leave the office Sam once again stops him.
The three men are granted entry into the stately home by a pristinely groomed butler and a softly uttered “Ms. Talbot will be with you shortly.”
Looking through binoculars, Dean’s heart squeezes with desire, and some other emotion he can’t name, when his lens catches sight of the sheer joy on Castiel’s face. If Dean thought he was attractive at the bureau, he is drop dead gorgeous now. He would be lying if he said that Castiel Novak doesn’t intrigue him. Why would a beautiful, powerful, and rich man like Novak be involved in cyber-theft and art heists? And more importantly…why is he single?
“Enjoyment isn't intimacy.”
“As always, you are the smartest person in the room kiddo. Thanks.”
“Yes, it does, and I won't back off, you know. Not even for a minute.”
“Dinner was great, thank you.” He bites his lip, tempted still to lean back in and devour Cas’s mouth, but he quickly fumbles for the door, unlocks it and steps inside, smiling softly at him until the door shuts.
He looks over to find Cas staring at the painting sheepishly. “I uh, I actually do own a copy of that.”
Bobby hollers at Sam’s disappearing back, “Yep, tell that idjit I said hi. And that he needs to come home for dinner while he’s here!”
“Just because you have a hunch doesn’t mean it’s true Dean. We can’t confront him about anything, everything we have is circumstantial. I’m telling you again, stay away from Novak.”
They pull into the marina, Cas navigating to a dock that stands a bit apart from the others, a lux cabin cruiser moored at its end. Cas turns off the bike and dismounts, taking off his helmet and avoiding Dean’s eyeline.
“Alright, Ash, as soon as I open this door you’re up. Disarm the alarm, remove any video feed, don’t let the system catch you, you’ve got 30 seconds…got it?”
He texts his driver that he will need to leave in an hour, then heads upstairs to shower.
“Okay. So, who's gonna risk prison to steal a painting worth millions, just to NOT sell it?”
“Holy shit Cas, look at this view! This is incredible.”
Dean smiles wryly, “You think I believe you'd leave your hard-stolen painting lying around a hut?”
“Somebody's got a sense of humor.” Sam shakes his head and resumes taking notes as Garth continues.
“CAN YOU LOO-“
Surprised, Cas asks “How did you know that?”
“Not in English. They're still trying to find somebody to translate.”
“Well it sounds worse when you put it that way Bobby.”
They hustle out and Jo holds the door for Ash as he removes all his wires and snaps the laptop shut with a flourish.
“I’m fine!” He picks up his bag and leaves the office, he needs to get out of here. Now. He ignores Sam as he calls out for him.
No words are said as they walk into Cas’s foyer. Dean walks ahead and stops to turn and watch Cas come through the door, quietly closing and locking it. Everything suddenly feels heavy, anticipatory, sultry, and Dean wants to take this slow. He reaches up and starts to unbutton his jacket, letting it slide slowly down his arms to the floor. He looks expectantly at Cas, then watches with lust filled eyes as Cas does the same.
Dean’s heart plummets to his feet and ices over as the beautiful young man from the ball and the surveillance photos comes strolling through the doorway, obviously familiar with the house. He can feel the anger roll over his features like a stormfront, furious with himself for being played yet again. He rips himself away from Cas and starts towards the door, ignoring his calls.
Taking a breath, Dean opens the door to probably the most beautiful man he has ever seen. Cas is also wearing a blue suit, just a shade lighter than Deans but with a cobalt blue tie that makes his eyes seem to glow. His lean body is framed by that tan trench coat that would look flasher-y on someone else, but for some reason suited Cas. And that usually messy hair is somewhat tamed and swept back with product. The breath is involuntarily punched out of his body as he is hit with the hotness of Cas, so he tries to salvage it.
“You don't wanna know, Sammy.” And gestures for him to carry on.
“Oh Dean… You don’t think we’re finished, do you?”
“Well then that happens to work out well for me. Shall we?”
Dean gives a fond smile, happy to be home and glad to get a chance to visit his family. “Count me in.”
Well now Sam is less sure of the ease of this investigation. From behind him a deep and amused voice startles him, though he quickly recognizes it.
“Are we still on for going out onto the Sound today? I had the catamaran readied yesterday.”
Sam was pissed and jumped on Dean as soon as he walks in the next morning.
“Give me a break, the guy’s got a ten-digit pin!”
Sam is trailing along, trying to look at the room with fresh eyes. “Are your Spidey senses tingling, Dean?” he teases.
“Well, we think you painted it.” Sam’s face is blank and his eyes hard, he’s in full agent mode and it makes Dean proud even if Sam is nosey.
Morgenstern just shakes his head, still smiling and refuses to say anything more.
Jack walks off uncertainly, and Cas turns back to Dean, looking him up and down.
Sam follows his finger down the page looking for whatever it is that has Dean excited. His finger stops suddenly, reading a name he didn’t expect:
“Yes! Yes Cas, do all of it, do it now. Fuck!’
Sam and Dean look at each other, confused. Dean speaks up “The artist reused his canvases.”
“Dean, do you trust me?”
“Or maybe you were bored with it.”
“Sam, I need to talk to you.”
“What? Why?”
Walking in through the front doors of the FBI building, he watches his steps as he collects his thoughts, preparing for the task ahead. A few steps in, he crashes into a solid body. Quickly grasping the shoulders of his assailant, he looks up, and up until he meets the most stunning green eyes he’s ever seen.
Dean leans an elbow on the bar turning to the bartender.
“Uh… He’s got an ornament worn by Frederick Barbarossa at his coronation in 1152?”
-----------
Dean’s mind goes blank, ringing with white noise as he just stares at Charlie, starting to panic. After what is probably a year of silence he manages to say.
“Yeah, scram kid. I’m cutting in.”
“Dean, did it occur to you that I needed to know?”
He see’s Deans eyes flicker behind him and knows he’s looking at the wooden art box.
“Technically work, which I could use your help with. Do you still have a boat?”
“Dean, please…ask me why! You’re upset about it.”
The moment their lips touch, Dean’s breath freezes in his lungs and then is let out in an overwhelmed almost sob. He molds himself to Cas, wrapping his arms around and drawing him in. They sink into each other, getting lost in the heat and desire, something…more…heightening every breath, every touch, every whisper.
“Hello!” Dean points to the bench in the morning footage. It has three legs. Sam just smiles at Dean, his brother really is a genius. He takes a note and then looks up as Dean asks, “I know the suspects seemed like total amateurs, but how did they get caught?”
“You call Bobby a fancy pants and I’m sure he’ll whack you,“ Sam laughs, “also, he says Hi and that you need to be there for Sunday dinner or else Ellen will hunt you down.”
All three men lean forward to watch as the suspects run down a hallway shoving people left and right, only to trip on the leg of a man sitting on a bench reading a newspaper. As the first one tumbles down, the two behind him fall as well. Just in time for the security guards to come in and detain them.
Garth on the other hand is grinning from ear to ear. “Looks like it was a great party, Deano.”
They arrive at the restaurant, Canlis, and are seated immediately. His good friend Hannah is the head chef and he invested in this place to help her get started, so there is always a table available to him. He walks behind Dean as they are shown their seat and he is both proud and jealous at the attention the stunning man receives as he walks by. One woman even chokes on her drink.
“You know, if I had my pick in this room... I wouldn't have taken the
“Holy shit.” Dean can’t help but smile.
Curious, Dean takes note of the guy Castiel is sitting with. He has golden brown hair and lighter colored eyes, it’s too far to determine the exact color from this distance, and everything about the guy seems mischievous and playful. He even sees him wiggle his eyebrows and grin at Novak.
“I know this is a lot to take in. And none of us are in anyway terribly good people. We know our means and methods are not necessarily by the book, but by stepping outside the law, we can actually do something about the shit that goes on in the upper echelons of society.”
“Yeah, well you know what Cas? That’s your fucking prerogative.”
“Yeah well, relationships get messy, can cause distractions.” He can’t quite meet Cas’s eye, fearing the man would see the truth in his.
“Yes, yes Dean let go, I’ve got you. Come for me.”
“Nope. This is an elegant crime...done by an elegant person. It's not about the money.”
Sensing Dean’s impending implosion she simply states, “Well whatever it is, I ship it.” And wanders back into the cube farm.
Cas sighs against the hurt that lingers in his chest at the mention of Inias. Castiel and Inias were madly in love. Inias was sweet and fun and beautiful, with impish features, platinum blond hair, and silver eyes. He came from a very wealthy family in Boston, and delighted in teasing Castiel. Castiel trusted him completely, and so, brought him into the inner circle and told Inias about what they did and why. How they were making a difference, even saving people lives, because it was the right thing to do and there would be no justice if they didn’t. Unfortunately, it turns out Inias was more concerned about the threat to his way of life, and was unwilling to risk even being associated with Castiel anymore. Though he agreed that what Castiel was doing was admirable, he wasn’t going to put himself on the line, and so he had kept Castiel’s secret but left him, brokenhearted.
“Truce Cas?”
He picks up his phone again to make a call to his (don’t tell Gabe) and Gabe’s favorite cousin, the only person who can make people disappear with style, and requests their presence to meet Dean. He told Dean to come by the house tomorrow to discuss the possibilities, the future…
Dean’s head jerks back in confused shock. “Oh really? What are you gonna just have it hanging back up on the wall in the museum?”
Sam gives her the puppy dog eyes and mumbles an apology.
Dean gives him a sly grin. “It'd be a shame to lose it all.”
Walking slowly into what appears to be a study, Dean sharpens his gaze to look for any tiny anomalies, anything that could be hiding something. This room in particular feels the most like Cas. It is well lived in and shows signs of use, with papers in tidy piles on the desk, books set on chairs or side tables, and an empty glass by the chair under the window. Dean takes a deep breath; it smells like Cas and it’s doing things to him.
“Aber Sie sind doch kein Staatsbürger.” Dean slowly starts to walk around the table. “Da gibt's keinen Prozess. Sie werden ganz einfach deportiert.”
Feigning indifference, yet extremely invested in the conversation, Dean asks, “You guys going in?”
Dean finishes off his drink, and leans into Cas, lowering his voice to just above a whisper. So close he can feel his breath on his cheek. “Not for this. The painting? The
“I don’t know” Dean says, voice small and head hung low. He looks up tearfully at Cas and repeats, “I don’t know.”
Dean starts scanning the pages, eyes darting back and forth as he concentrates. Finding what he’s looking for, he flourishes the paper at Sam. “See anyone we know?”
Not even a little sorry, Dean puts his hands behind his head, kicks his feet up on his desk, and winces a bit before replying with a wink.
“What is it?”
“OK Cas, tell me everything.”
Cas laughs, loosening his hold. “Shall I feed you? As beautiful as this is, I could use some food myself.” He grabs Dean’s hand, entwining their fingers as they wander back to their ride.
Everything about her screams beauty, class, and sophistication, yet there is something very cold and calculating about her. It sets Dean’s teeth on edge. Luckily her sharp gaze is drawn to Sam as he introduces himself and Garth and they start asking her question about the forgery. Dean tunes in as soon as they hand over the painting to her. She sweeps her gaze over it before answering the agents.
Shoving the last half of his toast into his mouth and washing it down with the dregs of his coffee, he deposits the mug in the sink on his way to grab his jacket and push the intercom.
“May I…may I ask you a very personal question?”
He’s handed a stack of surveillance photos depicting his sexy times dance number with Cas at the ball. Sam has Bitch Face No. 56 on. “Nice tux, Dean.”
Reading through Dean’s eyes stop, “You guys notice the one man show in 2013?”
Psssttt...Lukas Morgenstern in German is......
Garth turns around and starts making calls asking people to look for connections between the two. The rest of the car ride is awkward silence, and Dean is grateful when they get back to the field office. He goes inside with Sam and Garth, mostly to use the bathroom before he heads back home, but as he comes back out to say goodbye, they look up at him with glee. Garth looks particularly pleased as he hands Dean a paper full of random data, most of which looks like business information.
Garth speaks up then, “So, who did it, then?”
“Hello, Dean. You look amazing.”
This is my first ever fanfic, so I apologize if it sucks. But I'm so excited to write it I know I'm not doing it justice. Maybe I'll go back one day and spruce it up. Until then...enjoy!
“Oh, this must go over.”
Sitting down and kicking his feet up on the table Dean asks “You saying I shouldn't go?”
---------------
“You mean society at large?”
Dean’s hands find Cas’ hips and he kneads, squeezing and massaging… the sharp bones and tight muscle, making Cas’ breath get all huffy the way Dean loves. Dean pushes his hands in a firm slide up warm skin, the taught plane of Cas’s stomach quivering under his touch before sliding around to grab that luscious ass and grind into him, making them both stutter and gasp.
He drives on autopilot until he pulls up in front of a quaint cottage home in a quiet neighborhood. He gets out and walks, dazed and grief-stricken to the point of numbness, up the walkway and knocks on the door. The warm light inside hurts his red and teary eyes as the door opens.
Dean turns back to Cas. “Back on the wall, in the museum?”
“Yeah, well they’re open now, get the fuck over it.”
He climbs into his beloved car, a 1967 Impala that he tunes up whenever he is home, and heads out to the apartment he keeps downtown. It’s a beautiful old building near Pike Street Market that was completely redone and turned into high end lofts. His faces the Puget Sound and has a balcony that runs the full length of the building. No matter where he is, he always needs a place of peace and quiet to call his own where he can process his thoughts and relax. This particular home was his sanctuary the first and last time his heart was broken.
The fog of attraction surrounding Dean instantly clears. Novak? The guy who tripped the suspect? Shit. He smoothly extracts himself from the guys hold and starts to back away. Still holding that beautiful gaze for too long before it turns towards Sam. Well fuck. He needs to shake this off, maybe get some coffee and check in with Garth if he’s here. He heads in the opposite direction of Sam and the witness and takes the stairs to the offices. Collecting his thoughts, he walks into the conference room.
She looks at the painting in Sam’s hand again before answering. “The German. Lukas-“
“I'm sure it's a mystery to you, but your lawyer will be able to explain.”
“Oh hell yeah Cassie, I’ve been looking forward to it all week. “
“Shut it Sam, this is important, call the guy and get him there in an hour.”
Cas’s driver slows down and parks. Dean laughs as he looks up. “You brought me to the museum? Really?”
“Nice tan.”
“Hey Cas.”
“They were bankers.”
Dean dashes away the tears in his eyes as he starts to get angry. At Cas, at himself… Hell this was supposed to be a job.
“You know what, Dean? Life is full of shitty conflicts, okay? Give!”
Sam keeps skimming the file, as Bobby says, “You’ll be teaming up with Charlie on this one, you are good with the computers, but we all know she is the genius at tracking hackers. And there is no trace so far of just where the money went.”
“Sikorsky S-76.” Garth replies.
Slightly taken aback, Dean gives. “I just wondered if there was a connection between them, that's all.”
“What if I did?”
Anna is not amused. “Creatures with highly evolved defense systems-“
... “Where is he Charlie?”
“Mr. Morgenstern, I am Special Agent Sam Winchester, this is Detective Garth Fitzgerald, we want to ask you about this painting.”
“Mr. Novak! Thank you for coming down so quickly. Special Agent Winchester, we are ready for you upstairs.”
“Carefully? Orrrrr, unsuccessfully. Don't see many porcupines.”
They watch each other disrobe, revealing every inch of tantalizing skin, each completely exposed to the other. Cas holds Dean’s gaze as he closes the distance between them, bare feet silent on the stone floor. They stare with bated breath, something momentous happening between them. Dean sees the moment Cas makes some sort of realization, something clicking behind those eyes, and he wants to know what it is. But then Cas is reaching for him, sliding those long-fingered hands up his arms, one hand stopping to hold his shoulder and the other continuing up to sink into Dean’s hair and draw his lips down.
He scrolls through his contacts, hits call, and waits. …
“Fine!”
“Yes, it’s a beautiful drive.”
The brothers glare at each other for a second before Dean cocks a smirk and winks at Sam, causing him to cave and roll his eyes and laugh. “Good to see you Dean” Sam grabs Dean in a big hug and gives him a few manly claps on the back.
Sam looks up surprised. “Next you're gonna tell me it was a horse.” At Garth’s nod, Sam huffs a laugh, “a Trojan horse?”
“Please carry that to the sunroom?” Cas points to some double doors to the right.
“You know what, I don’t wanna know why! Cas stop the car!”
They both look at Dean confused. Sam asking, “So?”
Sam nods, “It doesn't matter though. As soon as he tries to sell it, we nail him.”
“Hello Dean, you look wonderful.” Cas’s eyes heat as he slowly takes in Dean from head to toe.
“I'd be hugely disappointed if you did.”
Dean drags himself into the office the next morning, mind muddled and exhausted from the implications of Cas’s words, the…possibilities. Which just brings up fears, doubts, longings, and hopes, dreams even. He jerks to a halt as his giant moose of a brother and Garth appear in front of him. Sam grabs his shoulder and spins him back the way he came.
Staring into those blue eyes he does. Fuck, he does and he can’t believe he let himself fall.
“The ambient in that room only went up to the mid-80s.”
He’s nervous. Well…let’s make it worse.
He is jolted out of his reverie when Anna speaks up. “What's happened?”
He feels a hard shudder go through Cas, then is staring into those baby blues for a hot second before he is being dragged down the hallway to the bedroom. The next thing he knows he’s naked and face down on the bed.
“A man could trust me… as long as his interests didn't run too contrary to my own.”
He starts poking and pulling at all the knickknacks and do-dads on the mantle, yanking on books on the bookcases, and finally goes around to the huge antique desk. He feels around near the top looking for any little discrepancy in the carved molding. There. He presses the smooth round button and looks up as the businessman slowly disappears into the ceiling above, revealing the
He quickly pulls a new trash bag from his jacket pocket and gently places the painting inside. Walking towards the front of the house, he hollers for everyone to get their asses back to the van.
Cas is the face of the company, operating as the CEO and rubbing elbows with other wealthy elite, being in the inner circle allows him the opportunity to see, hear, or even be invited to participate in nefarious activities hidden by mass amounts of wealth.
“I wasn’t joking earlier Castiel, you need to get laid!”
“Yes, but can other people trust you?”
Dean’s face blossoms into a brilliant smile, practically blinding in its radiance. So much so that Cas almost misses his answer.
Excited to start sparring, Dean leans in. “Do you know what impressed me the most about you Cas? Getting from Pontiac, Illinois to Harvard on a cross country scholarship.”
Leaning against the wall Cas says “Oh, anything’s obtainable.” He nibbles on his lower lip, gives the painting a last look, and then pushes himself off and starts to wander the room.
“No, now what were you saying?”
He glances over and sees a technician opening something on the floor. “What's that?”
Cas takes a deep breath and turns the sincerity in his eyes up to eleven.
Dean walks up the steps to the museum, navy peacoat buttoned tight and collar turned up against the wind. As he steps into the security office, Sam looks up.
Standing up, Dean moves behind him and leans close into his other ear “Ihre Regierung nimmt die Geheimpolizei nicht freundlich auf, oder?”
“What?”
wing and Cas stops in front of the Monet.
Dean’s heart stutters,
“OK I give up!” Practically begging forgiveness, Dean climbs onto Cas’s lap, and they cuddle, watching as the fire consumes the painting.
, he thinks as he wanders in a sappy ,lust-filled daze though the doors.
“Abandoned in Kent”
“It’s no trouble Agent Winchester, I’m just happy I can help.”
“I don’t know.” His voice wavers as he glances up. "I don't know."
---------
It’s quickly becoming clear that Cas is starting to care less about the game, about the robbery, about his self-imposed mission, and more about getting to know Dean. It’s worrisome, while at the same time making him feel like he is flying towards some sort of sensational bliss, and he wants to keep chasing it.
“So that’s it? After two days… and two nights?”
“An entertainment.” He can’t help as the corners of his mouth quirk up as he looks back out across the landscape.
Smiling down at his phone, he texts Cas his address and goes upstairs. A tingle of anticipation grows as he contemplates how he wants to play things this evening. On the drive back to the station, Dean had texted Benny and Jo asking for their help tonight. Dean would get into Cas’s house, but Sam couldn’t be involved. The plan was in place, but they would have to be careful. He was pretty sure Sam would put some FBI goons on their tail to report everything he and Cas did tonight, so he couldn’t risk them ruining his plans.
Dean watches as Sam , Garth, and a handful of uniformed officers and rookie agents march up to the house. Sam rings the doorbell. A staff member answers the door, eyes wide when Sam slaps his chest with the warrant.
Charlie’s fingers fly across the keys.
“Him? A big day for this guy is taking off his tie. He's a finance geek!”
He scolds himself, but the images keep on coming and soon he’s hard as a fucking rock. Trying to ignore it, Dean continues washing up but lightly grazes the tip of his dick as he tries to soap up a leg. Hissing, he caves and wraps a hot soapy hand around himself. Groaning at the slick heat and tight squeeze, he leans an arm against the wall and watches as the plump, red head fucks in and out of his fist. He wonders what Cas’s hand would feel like, those long beautiful fingers on graceful hands wrapping around Dean.
He takes his sweet time buckling his helmet to try and mentally prep for a day of leaning, rubbing, and clutching Cas’s magnificent body against him.
“No, I fucking jump-started it.”
Walking over Dean looks into the eyepiece, focusing the picture. Hidden underneath the
“Hello Dean.” Cas’s voice rumbles in his ear. “The helmets are Bluetooth enabled, am I coming through?”
“Sam! Get this idjit outta my office before I shoot him!”
“Let me guess, they’re all my size?”
“Copy that.”
“So are the laws of the United States... completely unknown to you?!” Sam whisper yells and starts waving his arms. “Or is it because you've been living in fucking Morocco-“
“Detective, what do we got?”
“Dinner.”
“Jet-lagged. Thanks.” Dean grumbles as he sets down his bag and pulls out a bottle of thick dark green-gray goo and pours it into a mug he finds on the desk. It glub-glubs into the cup in a disturbing way. He grimaces as he takes a drink and shudders as it goes down.
That earns Ash a clap on the back from the rest of the crew. Dean doles out assignments. “Benny, check the basement, Jo, start on the first floor. Keep an eye out for any hidden panels, or rooms. I’ll start upstairs. Ash, keep scrubbing the video feed.”
Sam looks doubtful but goes to tell the agents to put one of the suspects in an interrogation room.
Fed up, but knowing Dean could be useful with the search, Sam caves and gestures for him to follow.
“Good morning. How are you?”
Sam rolls his eyes but also can’t help being concerned about Dean. He fears his brother has gotten himself in too deep. He’ll just have to get this investigation solved so Dean can move on.
Sam furrows his brow and walks through the door. “Did you need something Bobby?”
Cas looks relieved, and then smiles at him. “Well maybe I can make it better, are you ready to head out?”
The younger man looks at Cas confused, brow furrowing over large puppy dog eyes.
“Let’s make it early. We’ve got a stop to make first.”
“I think I had a little too much to drink and this car is too beautiful, why don’t you drive?”
(See the end of the chapter for
The anticipation grew and Dean couldn’t help but think of his opponent as he starts the shower. Was Cas looking forward to another round in their game of cat and mouse? Or was he nervous. Did he think he got the drop on Dean by asking him out to dinner?
“All right. These are yesterday's tapes from the
“It's very impressive.” Dean gestures to the painting, looking anything but impressed.
I'm going to try and do weekly updates, there are only three chapters left after this one.
As the group starts to disperse, Cas walks out of the kitchen in an apron, drying his hands on a towel. The man who answered the door hands the warrant to Cas. His calm face makes Sam nervous, and rightly so…
“Damn Cas, I don’t want to believe I’m too old fo- … oh Wow!”
“You presume correctly.”
Sam storms off when its obvious Dean is ignoring him.
“We have to abide by the law Dean, not everyone can just go around doing whatever the fuck they want…” Sam’s tirade is interrupted by his cell phone ringing. He picks up.
“Sammy, I saw him risk a half a million-dollar boat just because he liked the splash, for fun! This guy would definitely steal an expensive ass painting just for shits and giggles.”
Quickly grabbing the guy under the chin, he jerks his head back and whispers “What fun would they have with you, huh?”
Dean tucks himself closer to Cas as they pull out onto the streets of downtown.
The crowd applauses and murmurs amongst itself as Castiel steps up to the dais, facing the people.
Cas has no idea how long they have been laying on the floor, but he feels like he comes to out of a coma. He has Dean wrapped in his arms; they are still slightly out of breath but obviously have been laying there long enough to recover a bit. The slate floor is starting to make itself known and the sweat on his body is starting to cool. He rolls Dean over onto his back, getting a yelp when Dean’s back hits the floor.
“Yes… and no you can’t come.”
“Did you even think twice?”
Sam hands the stack over. “Oh yeah? And what’s your hunch?”
“Mr. Novak, this is Detective Fitzgerald. We were hoping you could come down to the FBI field office today and identify the suspect you tripped fleeing the museum robbery?”
“Damn, I hate being a foregone conclusion.” Dean is amused yet shaken as he is reminded that the investigation still exists, that Cas stole the painting and his little bubble of peaceful bliss pops. As they sit down and start breakfast, which is delicious and Dean is annoyed that Cas is also apparently an amazing cook, he starts back in on playing the game.
“Mr. Castiel Novak, has very generously loaned us a Monet until our own
Sam finishes writing and they stop at the entry to the room. The security gates are halfway closed, he ducks under the gate and then steps over the velvet rope blocking the entry. He looks around. There are construction lights shining into every nook and cranny, forensics teams busy checking for fingerprints, and crime scene tape marking out an empty space on the wall where the stolen painting used to be.
“Suppose I gave you ten.”
Cas bites down into the strawberry, smiling around his mouthful and points at Dean with his fork.
There stood Dean Winchester. World traveler, lover of the ladies (and men), self-proclaimed nerd, secret genius, and security expert employed by one Fergus Crowley. He was on a plane first thing the morning after Crowley told him about the theft of the
Charlie chimes in, “Not only are we able to royally screw over some of these douchebags, but we can also take their wealth and help those in need. Sometimes their money and power make them immune to the law, period, so the legal system is useless.”
Placing it on the desk he opens the folder. Inside are surveillance photos of Cas. Cas with that ridiculously young guy from the ball, who Dean has to admit is beautiful, youthful, and looks incredibly happy in these photos. Laughing with Cas, whispering into his ear, and the last picture… Cas is hugging the guy and giving him a kiss on the temple. He tries to keep his voice casual as glances at Sam.  “He’s… quite handsome.”
and whistles quietly.
Sam can’t help but smile, as he turns to face his brother. “Oh yeah? Let’s hear your theory then!”
“They have started showing up in the Sound around 2016 or so, it makes me happy to see them here.” Cas takes over as Dean tries to get his phone out to take a video. He’s filming a tenth video when he notices they have turned and are headed towards an island. Cas hugs the coastline and a few minutes later they coast slowly past a white and green
Dean wanders around poking at the art on the walls and fiddling with items on the mantle, he is reaching for what appears to be a rabbits foot when he hears a crisp British accent from the doorway, “Unless you want to have a horrendous day, I suggest you do not touch that.”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Dean, look up.”
“How, Cas?”
“I have to tell you, people like this, they might have friends. You realize they might try to make it ugly for a witness.”
Hmmm. He’s almost too calm though.
Cole Trenton was everything Dean thought he wanted. He was head over heels, and ready to ride off into the sunset together. Until it turned out to all be a ploy to use Dean’s connections to smuggle illegal artwork and artifacts to the highest bidder. Some of whom were supplying arms to terrorist organizations and dealing in human trafficking. Furious and heartbroken, Dean vowed to never open himself up to that again. Instead, he had left an impressive run of satisfied men and woman in his rearview. There long enough to make it worth their while, but not long enough to stick.
Back in the car, Garth is flipping through his copious notes looking for information on Morgenstern.
“Oh excuse me!” someone bumps into Dean hard enough for him to fall into Cas’s arms. He whips his head around to scold the interloper when he sees it’s Benny. Oh, right! He’s supposed to be stealing Cas’s keys. One of Dean’s many talents is pickpocketing, and Benny was supposed to naturally find a way to bump into Dean so he could do just that. He looks back at Cas, even closer now and with his arms around Dean, and Dean almost forgets for a second time to grab the keys.
Their heated yet slightly quiet argument is interrupted by the Doc. “You’ve got a ghost here, another painting underneath.”
Right, he is here to identify a suspect, he turns to acknowledge the agent. He glances back at the man as he feels him pull away from his hold. Reluctantly, Castiel watches him go and turns to the Agent. “Lead the way”
Dean glares at Sam, but looks back at the screen. “I don’t know. Something.” He turns to leave the office. He needs to walk the scene.
Charlie’s smile gets even wider as she says “It all went to charity! Like ALL of it! But it was distributed to a bunch of different ones across the world, so my program had a hell of a time tracking it all. But every last penny went to helping people, animals, the environment…”
The sunroom is more like a very fancy greenhouse with furniture inside. One side has a small dining set where there are already plates and a silver coffee set present. Dean sets the tray down and turns back as Cas follows him in carrying a tall glass of Dean’s gray-green smoothie cure-all.
“For my personal choice? Hmm…” Dean walks around the room, taking in the artwork and actually looking for something that he likes, not just at what they are worth. He stops in front of a painting of a lake at sunset, a dock jutting out from the shore with a man sitting in a chair fishing. He nods at it. “That one.”
“Just a scenic drive, I thought we could head north a bit then into the mountains, maybe stop for some lunch and then loop back via the coastline?”
“It was already stolen Bitch, I just brought it back!” He was starting to get really tired of all these people being ungrateful assholes.
“Yeah Cas, sorry, it’s just been a long day.”
He still hurts, but now he will bury it in anger. He’s about to start the engine when his phone pings with a text.
Fuck, he hated flying, but at least his job offered the perk of flying private. He was able to sleep in a bed as they hurtled across the Pacific, and take a shower and change before going straight to the museum. Still on Singapore time, he was going to be so jet lagged.
“I have lived here off and on for most of my life, and I still have never been up to the North Cascades!”
Laughing, Dean tosses his head back and looks almost fondly at Cas. “Alright, I will seriously commit to your espresso. Excuse me a second.” Dean walks towards the restrooms, feeling Cas’s eyes on him the whole time. He gets to the hallway and Jo pops out of nowhere, startling him.
did it.”
Cas’s gaze gets more intense. “What if I trust you?”
Cas hits the ignition and the bike roars to life before settling into a throaty purr. The vibrations are not going to help.
There is that delicious smirk again, so at home on Dean’s face, “Hey man, if that’s what you want to call it…”
Cas needed to know if the deep longing and need he had for Dean was reciprocated. If Dean cared enough to want him all to himself, to expect faithful loyalty in return. This profound bond they seemed to have forged…does it mean as much to Dean as it does to him?
“Certainly."
Their kisses are getting hotter, their tongues rolling together, the slide and rub ratcheting up the lust a thousand more degrees. Cas bites down on Dean's bottom lip and Dean moans, unable to even try and stop it.
Dean wakes to the sound of waves lapping the shoreline and a breeze coming through the window. The breeze carries with it quiet voices. Sneaking over, Dean sees Cas sitting on the porch with two portly men in business suits. They’re speaking German, but he is only making out a few words here and there due to the wind, but he hears enough.
The day on the boat was invigorating, though Gabriel’s nosiness about his love life still rankled. Honestly, he would rather stay home and binge watch something on Netflix, but alas he is once again at the museum. This time for an evening fundraiser soiree, and is absolutely required to be here. He stands amongst the other guests’, eyes lifted upward to the dais. The head of the museum points to the San Giorgio Maggiore at Dusk, a lovely little painting from Castiel’s collection.
“My job, Sam. He likes me. He'll keep liking me.” He fiddles with some papers on his temporary desk “…I’ll keep him right next to me.”
Dean yells out Cas’s name as he feels his tongue breach him, quickly followed by a wet finger. The combination of Cas’s magical tongue and an increasing number of fingers has Dean begging for Cas to fill him. The world spins as Cas flips Dean over. The world settles to just the two of them as their eyes lock and Dean pulls Cas into his arms.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Fugitives with means, Dean. That’s all the difference in the world.”
They walk into the
“Uh huh. Are you sure it’s not because he’s totally dreamy?”
Sam pulled Bitch Face No. 7, and growled, “You compromised the investigation!”
“Me? I didn’t do it?”
The art world, as small as it is, does not help Cas narrow down how big of a threat Dean is. He starts listing possibilities: “Dealer?”
“Um hello? Can I help you?”
“Son of a bitch.” He slouches against the door, trying to regain his composure and ignoring the urge to grab Cas and drag him inside. He needs to take another shower, calm down, relax. And if he jerks off to thoughts of blue eyes and pillowy chapped lips, who’s to know?
“The borders?”
-------------------
Dean glares at his phone. Fuck, he still needs to get this job done, still needs to recover the painting. Feeling torn and ragged he responds an affirmative.
He turns to her with a frown. “Happened?”
“Cas? You in here?” Dean jerks back at the introduction of a new voice. He turns as the voice continues calling from the hallway “I left my shoes here!”
At Sam’s still confused look Dean rolls his eyes and spells it out for him. “Borders are never seen in galleries or auctions, so if a picture is stolen... and someone tries to pass off a forgery, the borders won't match.”
“Absolutely.”
Sam continues, watching Dean's gelatinous nightmare of a beverage, “We thought we'd start with the security tapes… What is that?”
“And you didn't open them?”
He ignores the melancholy feeling that starts somewhere around his heart at that thought. He sighs and watches the city go by.
“Tomorrow afternoon, I’ll put the Perdition back.”
If Dean thought he would avoid getting turned on this early in the day, he was mistaken. “Yeah Cas, loud and clear.” Hopefully, the thrill of the ride would keep Cas from noticing the semi he was sporting from having that velvety voice mainlining into his ear canal.
------------------------------------------
Slightly calmer Dean waits… “WELL?!” Ok maybe not calmer.
“Hello, Dean. Come in, we have a lot to go over.”
Dean, smug and smiling asks “Is he?”
------------------------------------------
“Well, hello again Dean.”
Dean’s succinct answers are grating, and the fact that he seems to have been reading up on Cas makes him hesitate.
in an alcove behind it.
Dean, chest heaving and blood thrumming in his veins can’t take it anymore and turns quickly to crush his lips against Cas’s, fisting his hand in that soft hair, mussing it up. He licks his way into Cas’s mouth, desperate to be engulfed in the flames of this lust. Cas swirls his tongue and sucks on Dean’s, driving him to higher peaks, but eventually gentles the kiss and pulls away. Dean whimpers and slowly opens his eyes to see Cas’s staring at him; the blue of his eyes swallowed by the aroused dilation of his pupils. Fuck, the picture of a rumpled and lusting Cas is burned into his brain forever…why are they not kissing right now?
He mounts the seat and slides forward, wrapping his arms around Cas’s waist.
Dean is shaken from his hypnosis and smirks at the innuendo. “You’re not boring, I’ll give you that. And hell yeah!”
“Yes, perfect Dean, just like that. Feel us glide through the water, floating above it.”
“Jo, this isn’t Dean’s case, this is an FBI investigation. He’s just a consultant. And I can’t tell you anything about an active investigation, but we are looking into all possible avenues.”
“Do you always get your man?”
It finally clicks in Dean’s mind. “You know what it was? The way he smiled at that painting? Pride. Paternal pride. I bet you it’s his kid.”
“I needed you to be upset.”
Sam grabs his phone and starts making calls. They have an appointment set, but not until later in the afternoon, so they stop for lunch. Chatting with Sam and Garth is cheering Dean up a bit, plus the burger he is stuffing in his face also helps. He ignores Sam’s look of disgust and orders a piece of pie just to spite him. Fed and watered they get back in the car and head up to Monroe. The trip is about an hour which gives Dean plenty of time to stew, mulling over those possibilities he was trying to ignore.
A quick shuffle has Cas perched between his legs again, slowly stroking his cock staring down at Dean like he is the moon and stars, like everything beautiful. He leans forward and kisses Dean deeply as the head of his thick cock presses against Dean’s rim.
“Who? The suits, Cas. You're transferring assets, getting ready to run.”
“Dean, it’s a Black & White ball.”
“Alexander Morgenstern” Garth reads.
Dean swallows hard before he can speak. “Know what?”
“What is it Dean?”
“Uh, sure.” Dean steps over to Cas and then is confused and slightly panicked when Cas shuffles Dean between his arms and in front of the wheel.
Special Agent Sam Winchester walks into the white-collar crimes section at the Seattle branch of the FBI. He drops his bag at his desk and sees Chief Singer waving him to his office.
Dean yanks the opposite direction and spins Cas towards him, so his back is to Dean’s front. He leans close to his ear and growls, “I AM inches away. You think I’m gonna just pick up crumbs as you lay them out? I can smell blood on my own Cas. I will Hunt. You. Down.”
“Diversion! Make a lot of noise over there, so over here in this room you can take twenty-two million off the wall and fucking waltz right out the front door…" Deans eyes take on a gleeful gleam, "Oh that’s good.”
“You don't think they know, do you? I mean, there were intermediaries. They never saw his face never heard his voice. One-time hires.”
“Hello?”
“Really Dean? Have you been living under a rock? Castiel Novak is one of the top 40 billionaires under 40. Washington native, champion of bees and sustainable agriculture, philanthropist, and known for crushing opponents in the boardroom. Really? Nothing?”
“If I said yes, what would you teach me?”
Sam waves at them from the doorway, “Guys, the witness is here.”
He reaches for the ignition again, but then stops to open the glove box and pulls out a thick envelope.
And he does, shattering into shards of light. Tossing his head back to howl with pleasure and clenching down on Cas. The clenching pushes Cas over the edge and Dean can feel him swell even more just before he erupts inside, hot and thick. The two rock into each other until they slowly settle into each other’s arms; lips grazing, breath panting.
“No, it’s closer to insurance.”
“OMG tell me everything! I’m as gay as they come but damn is he DREAMY!”
“Not exactly Samsonite! It’s titanium. The engineer said that it'd have to absorb 15 to 20 tons to stop this gate.”
“Five days.”
“Ah, your loaner.”
Dean shrugs, no he doesn’t. Honestly, he just wants to sink into this island fantasy they have going. He wants to eat whatever smells so damn good in the kitchen, maybe make S’mores over that fancy ass fire pit, then take Cas to bed and let him do unspeakable things to him for as long as they can both stand it.
Castiel curls his hand around Dean’s outstretched one and shakes, noticing the calloused strength of it. Ah fuck…those hands. Is everything about this man perfect?
“Monaco, dumbass.”
Getting ready for dinner, Dean takes extra care with his appearance. Arming himself in beautiful clothing, preparing to once again battle what is probably his greatest foe yet. The man he was foolish enough to fall in love with.
“Oh pipe down Dean, here are the keys back, we have copies now.”
“Thank you sir, just head into the lobby when you get here and someone will escort you upstairs”
“For the first time in a long time, I want to let someone in. I want to let
“And if you could sign down here, please. Thank you very much Mr. Novak, these gentlemen will take you out to get your statement and finish the paperwork.”
that morning.” He scans the video trying to absorb every detail. “Ok, go ahead and skip forward to the robbery.”
Dean nods and reads the techs name tag, “Got it…uhhh…Alfie. So that's the
“Can I give you a ride?”
He can see the curiosity and hope in Cas’s eyes and brings him down into a kiss. The press and slide of their bodies quickly ramps up, and soon Cas is telling Dean every dirty thing he wants to do to him.
“He's not gonna sell.”
Though he is a little nervous about Dean meeting his cousin. Dean seems to be nervous as well, his shoulders are a bit hunched and he is shifting from foot to foot in the doorway. However, a small, fond smile turns up his lips in greeting.
“Believe me it was,” he replies with a shit eating grin and a wink at the detective. Turning back to his girl of a brother he asks, “You gonna be a bitch about this?”
“Get them things. When there’s this much money involved, it usually means I get them someone's head.”
“Wait, wait, who's 'he'?” Exasperated with all things Dean, Sam shoves his feet off the desk.
“Uhhh, sure why not?”
Dean’s heart jumps at the thought of a future where he is free to do what he wants, including being with Cas, but his mind responds. “You really think there's happy ever after for people like us?”
“Dean, you wayward little shit, I missed you! Bobby said you were in town, I’m glad you finally got your ass down here to say hi. And Sam, don’t think I don’t realize that it’s been well over a month since you’ve been to visit.”
Dean smiles at the annoyance in Cas’s voice.
Being somewhat of a vigilante though has not made it easy for Castiel in the relationship department. And it’s this particular issue that Gabe wants to keep harping on.
But he can’t make that mistake again.
“You’re not going to say ‘Oh I couldn’t possibly’?” Cas has an excited, gummy grin on his face, nose wrinkled and utterly adorable.
A couple of inches taller than him, those eyes belong to a face that makes him ache with how perfectly symmetrical it is. Paired with pink lush lips, sandy blond hair, a five o’clock shadow that he knows would rub his own face in the most delicious of ways, and a constellation of freckles across his nose, the man is exquisite. Stunned into awed silence he hears the green-eyed beauty’s quiet “Oh!” Even his voice is perfection- smooth, deep, with just a hint of rasp. The stranger’s eyes drop to his lips, shaking Castiel from his trance. He opens his mouth to introduce himself-
Sam laughed incredulously. “Did you make him memorize the whole song?”
“Just … give it time,” Dean finally said. “Once you’re here for longer, you’ll see how nice this is. Maybe- You know what? You need a new mattress. That makes all the difference. Yours is hard as stone, no wonder you can’t get comfortable. I’ll get one for you next time I’m in town. You’ll love it.” Dean kept prattling on. He knew it wasn’t helping, but he couldn’t stop. There had to be something he could do or buy to change his brother’s mind.
“Sooo bi.”
“We did that too. Just not for thirty goddamn hours.”
,” he says again.
“How do I know what clothing matches my personality?” Cas asked, looking overwhelmed at the racks of clothes in front of them. They’d wandered the store a bit before finding the men’s section and were now standing between the shirts and jeans racks.
Cas frowned (sadly?) and pulled at his borrowed flannel shirt. “These I’m wearing will suit me fine. I don’t need more.”
All the snuggles, y’all! It’s funny that even though I like bedsharing fics, I rarely write about the subject. It was fun doing it here.
in quick succession. Dean was even trying his hand at baking, and subjecting Sam and Cas to his results, over Cas’s protestations that he didn’t need to eat, and that he definitely didn’t deserve to be subjected to the charcoal brick Dean called his first loaf of bread.
“Go get my angel, Sammy. I’m in too much pain to move.”
After a welcome clap on the shoulder to Cas, he left Sam to explain the necessaries and stalked toward the kitchen, but before he could pull open the fridge door for another beer, he thought better of it. He needed
The day feels tense, but Castiel isn’t sure if he is overlaying his own anxiety on the mood, or if Dean feels it as well. He does seem to be looking at Castiel more, studying him. He has a furrow between his eyes all through lunch, and it worries Castiel. Perhaps he is getting ready to tell him they need to end this—the bed sharing, the intimacy, maybe even Castiel’s residency in the bunker. He must know that Castiel is better now, that he doesn’t need caring for, and he must be antsy to get back to his real life, which has never included Castiel for longer than a few weeks at a time.
Cas pursed his lips for a moment before patting Dean’s nose with it.
The rainbow sheen on Cas’s wings is a bit of a tribute to Misha Collins saying he thinks Cas has rainbow wings. And yeah, it totally appeared when he fell in love with Dean. ;)
how to move in a way that complimented Castiel’s movements. Plus, kitchen work was way less bloody and concussion-inducing than fighting was. Double plus,
on Cas he is?) and nudges him with his shoulder. “That’s my nerd.”
He’s glad his brother has figured, or at least
Dean’s bedtime routine was quiet, but when he crawled into bed, Cas followed right after, still acting as if all was well. Was it all in Dean’s head, then? He got stuck in it, sometimes, his faults forming a feedback loop with every shitty thing he’d been told growing up. He would come out of it days later to find no one else had been affected by whatever had triggered him. The world had turned, the weather had changed, and monsters had been found and killed, all while he’d been lost in his own thoughts.
Sam was looking at Cas. “Did you know before you flew here that Dean was upset?”
Cas took a sip and sighed happily. “I like tea far better than coffee.”
“I feel fine.”
Dean rolls his eyes. “
Claire shrugged at Cas’s words. Were her only expressions shrug, smirk, and eyeroll? Well, she was a teenager, so probably.
“I figured, but it’s good to have that confirmed. How are things going with Cas these days?”
“Ah …”
The L-word made the breath catch in Dean’s throat, but Cas didn’t take it any further than that, and he breathed easy after a minute went by.
extremely endearing. “I don’t need to, but I enjoy it, when it’s with you.”
Sam stays out of it. Dean has been in lowkey gay panic mode for years, and it’s kind of funny watching it really kick into gear. Of course, it’s also really tragic, how deeply he’s buried it all—his feelings in general, his interest in men, his preoccupation with Cas—and Sam hopes again that something will finally change. He doesn’t think Cas will ever make a move unless he knows Dean has finally come to grips with it all, but if Dean is left to his own devices, he may never get there. That angel-trapped locked room is sounding more and more appealing. But before then, they need to figure out what’s wrong with Cas, and before
“Greedy,” Dean teased, leaning up to kiss his cheek. “I think the rest … just as or if it comes up. We won’t ask anyone to keep it quiet, but I don’t think we need to start each phone call with ‘by the way, me and Cas are shacking up now.’ And I’m not sure how much I want knowledge of the bond to get out. It could be dangerous, since we still don’t know much about it.”
With the largest crowd they’d had at the bunker yet, Dean decided to go all out on dinner that night. They had burgers with lots of fancy topping choices, homemade fries, Caesar salads for the rabbits, and blueberry crumble for dessert. Cas helped with the veg chopping and made the croutons for the salad. Dean loved that they worked in the kitchen together almost as well as they fought bad guys together. There was a fluidity to their movements around each other that predated the bond that just made him plain happy. He’d get in the zone and just
“Cas, you don’t get hot. You don’t feel discomfort at all. At least, you’ve never thought to tell us if you did.”
It was so easy to fall into a routine with Cas that it took a while for Dean to notice they’d done so. Though when he thought about it, so much with Cas was easy now that he’d stopped fighting it. Waking up next to him, hands locked together, was easy. Chatting lazily at the breakfast table was easy. Working their way through the storage rooms—now more of a treasure hunt to discover the secrets of their new home rather than with any effort to find something to fix their little problem—was easy. Doing research was easy, especially now that they’d moved a loveseat into the library to relax on while they read. They both took to wearing short-sleeved shirts, or their long-sleeved ones rolled up, so that they could stay in close contact. They set up a mancave (the others vetoed Dean’s suggestion of Deancave) with their new TV, a bar, and comfy furniture—those storage rooms were a treasure trove for more than weird, creepy objects—and had worked their way through
“I don’t- I can’t-… That’s not what this is Charlie.”
Cas feels his heart break a little, he was a fool to think he could find someone willing to put a little faith in him so he could open up about who he really is. But Dean didn't outright say no, and he will cling to that hope. There are still more moves to make. He will show Dean he can trust him, that they can have their happy ever after.
Deans brain is trying to mount up to a full on freak out when his phone chimes with an incoming text.
He rubs the back of his neck and turns to leave, glancing up, “Art’s a small world, Sam.”
“Slow your roll dude! I just got the results like ten minutes ago, geez.”
As a team they target and gleefully fuck over wealthy asshats who think they can get away with anything from embezzling to running drug rings to human trafficking (as was the case with Roman Enterprises). Sometimes this means a hostile takeover in the boardroom to save abused employees, sometimes it means anonymously dumping a complete investigation on the feds, and sometimes it means stealing from the rich and giving to the poor.
Tossing the file down loudly, the suspect jumps. “Vous aimez les Etats-Unis?"
It feels fucking awesome until Cas is pushing Dean down and onto his back, and then it's even better. The cool slate floor should feel freezing, but against Dean’s flushed skin it is soothing, a perfect balance against the scorching heat of Cas as he molds himself to Deans front.
He looks up as Charlie literally runs up to his office a thousand questions in her eyes and she’s clutching physical copies of the ballroom photos.
“Why do you care about this so much Gabe?”
She hands the canvas back to Sam as he asks, “Doing what?”
Dean calls Sam as they start down the driveway. “Sammy! You got that authentication expert on standby?”
“I have something I want to show you.” Cas’s smile gives nothing away, so Dean follows him in, shoulder to shoulder.
“Jesus Charlie quiet the fuck down.” But he can’t help but tell her all the juicy details, including Cas making him breakfast, and dishes about all the things he loves about the guys house.
“Got it!”
“Gallery owner?”
Dean stops in the doorway and glances over his shoulder. “Photos of the borders of the Perdition.”
He goes to bed with a smile on his face.
“Since you’ve what?”
As they walk up to the house, Dean takes in the view around them, sparkling water lapping at the shoreline, the sun starting to set and lining the fir trees in bright gold. He looks up at the
Dean rolls his eyes, he knows that, but Sam is so by the book he takes all the fun out of it. It’s why Dean was happy to go his own way into security instead of following in the family business of law enforcement. Besides, he poured over the painting on the ride over, if it is a fake it is damn near flawless. Although considering the caliber of Castiel’s game play thus far… now Dean is nervous about the authentication.
Once again, Dean cannot help the smile that spreads across his face. Damn Cas is fun, he needs to be careful, he’s starting to like the guy.
“Dean, are you available tomorrow evening?”
He shakes the pleasure he got from that statement off and follows Cas inside. As he walks through the living room, he notices a wooden cargo box leaning against the couch, the type of box that would typically be used to transport a painting. Choosing to ignore that for the time being, he finds Cas in a bedroom opening the closet doors.
“Magst du Überfallfilme? Sie versuchen, George Clooney in Ocean's 11 zu sein?”
The scrutiny causes Dean to blush and apologize. “Sorry man, it’s delicious.”
“No- not at all, I’m glad you are enjoying it.” Cas’s voice has dropped at least another octave and it makes Dean hot under his collar. Seriously this man will be the death of him.
Cas leads Dean into the museum towards the back of the building. Not wanting Benny to lose sight of them, Dean sees a painting on the wall and stops. He laughs, it is perfect! He catches Cas’s eye and points at the painting.
“Yeah Cas, I do.”
Cas tilts his head, a slight frown on his face as if he can tell something is wrong, but he takes the keys. Dean moves around him and gets into the passenger side as Cas goes to the driver’s side and slides in, cranking the ignition and turning the radio down low. Sweet and sad classical music flows through the night air as they drive the winding roads back towards the city.
“You sure?”
Sam startles when a thick envelope is tossed onto his desk, bumping his pen and scribbling a line across his notepad. He looks up to see Dean walking out of his office, “Dean, what is this?”
“So, you think he’s pretty then.”
“Truce Dean.”
“Hey, I didn’t know your portrait was here! The faceless businessman in a bowler hat.” It’s a portrait of a man in a suit, his face covered by a floating green apple, bowler hat peeking above the stem. “You slap a trench coat on him and that could be you. Did you have to sit long for the artist?” he teases.
The confused look on Cas’s face clears and he looks back at the road. “You’re referring to Jack. They photographed me with Jack.”
“And intimacy isn't necessarily enjoyment.” He learned that lesson early on.
“Well, that sums it up. Mr. Novak, would you'd be willing to testify?”
“Heya, Cas.”
“Whenever I talk… while you're tuning out what I say... the corners of your mouth go up. You're enjoying something. It's not me. What is it?”
Once again stunned, and a little (ok a lot) turned on, Cas chases Dean outside, for some reason trying to prolong the interaction. “Can I drop you somewhere?”
“Where are we going?”
His head jolts up so fast something twinges in his neck. “What?”
Closing the file, Dean leans on the door handle to interrogation room 4, “Showtime” he winks as he walks through, and shuts the door behind him.
“Dean? Are you okay?”
“Balthazar!” Cas hollers back towards the kitchen. A tall, blond man wearing a disturbingly low v-neck shirt saunters out from behind him. Cas hands him the warrant, “This gentleman happens to BE my attorney.”
Slamming a drawer shut and picking up the desk phone to call anyone to get out of this situation, Dean turns away from Sam, dismissing him and tosses over his shoulder: “This is just about the money, Sam.”
“Jesus Jo! Warn a guy next time.”
Cas places his hands over top of Dean’s and starts to explain how to drive a boat. How getting up to speed puts you on top of the water, making for a smoother ride. How all movements need to be smooth and slow to allow the boat time to respond.
“Sam, how many legs?”
This ended up having way more plot and angst than I originally intended, oh well!
Dean is usually more aware of his surroundings, but is distracted checking his phone when he crashes into a firmly muscled body in the lobby. Large strong hands grab onto his shoulders and hold him steady as he pulls his gaze up, noticing a blue striped tie, and tan trench coat before having the breath stolen from his lungs as he locks onto the bluest eyes he has ever seen. Not to mention a handsome face with a jawline that could cut glass and dark hair that looks like it just went three rounds with a tornado. Finally catching his breath, all Dean can say is “Oh!”
Dean watches Cas take in the scenery, hair wild and ruffling in the wind, he’s stunning. He can’t take it anymore. Overcome, Dean steps in front of Cas and kisses him desperately. Surprised yet delighted, Cas wraps his arms around Dean and kisses back. It’s hot and wet and full of passion. Crushed together from shoulders to knees, Dean can feel his heartbeat everywhere they touch. He wants more, he wants everything. Gasping for air he pulls back and groans at Cas’s dazed eyes and swollen lips. He leans back in for a gentler kiss, leaning back just enough to rest their foreheads together. He can feel his emotions swell, a tightening in his eyes, and just before he thinks he’s going to say something he will probably regret his stomach gives out a vicious growl.
“Now why should I answer your question, when you didn’t seriously commit to my espresso?”
Quickly grabbing the guy under the chin, he jerks his head back and whispers “Was für einen Spaß würden sie mit dir haben, hm?”
“Get on, and hold me tight.”
“Morning Dean! Let’s go!”
is stunning, and Dean can’t help but be impressed. He rubs elbows with some pretty swanky people, but none of them have been skilled in things the way Cas seems to be. He may have partied on a 120-foot yacht, but the guy he was tracking at the time certainly wasn’t driving the damn thing.
“Lighten up cuz, you need to get laid. What time and where for the boat ride?”
“I had the crew sail her to my dock at home, so just come by the house around 2?”
Castiel always loved being on the water, all the Novak’s do, even Gabriel.
The next morning finds Dean checking in with Charlie on Cas and his staff’s whereabouts. Cas is at work and his staff only work at the house three days a week. Luckily today is not one of those days.
“Okay, suit yourself.” Sam sighs and turns to leave.
“I'm sure.”
Dean is shocked. That lumpy goo is a secret recipe he got from a monk in Tibet. Cas hands him the glass with a knowing gleam in his eye.
any time he’s within arm’s reach of Castiel.
“Onward Cassiopeia!”
Dean met Charlie the last time he was in town. She had just started in Bobby's unit and is a whiz with all things computer. Dean and Charlie hit it off right off the bat, quizing each other on movie's and tv shows, and terrorizing Sam...she was like the little sister he never wanted. He'll need to check in with her next, see what she's found so far.
“Morgenstern” Sam and Garth turn their heads over to Dean at his interruption, likely curious about why Dean knows the name of an art forger.
“Yeah, I’m gonna call you Cas.” And with that Dean tilts his head towards the bar and walks off, expecting Cas to follow. And heaven help him, he does.
Sam hangs up and Dean makes another call. “Charles! Thanks for your help this morning. I need another favor. Where is Novak going to be this evening?”
Morgenstern watches them with creepy shark eyes, a smirk on his face as the painting is slid across the table. He picks it up and looks it over, eyes caressing the colors, the brushstrokes. He even turns it on the sides to look at the borders, before tossing it back at Sam.
“DEAN, no! It’s not what you think!” Cas grabs Dean’s arm trying to get him to turn around.
In the distance a flaming crown of hair pops up over a cubicle wall. “WHAT?!”
“We’re checking now. Maybe a heli-pad in Lake Union.”
“Oh Dean… don’t put out on the first date, it’s slutty.”
Cas seems to struggle getting a grip on his lust before he shakes it off and steps back, hands sliding down Dean’s arms, dropping his left hand, and slotting his right fingers with Dean’s left. Good thing too, the keys were still clenched in Dean’s right hand.
Dean walks into the office feeling fantastic, if a little (read, a lot) sore, but oh in the very best way.
Cas pushes in past the ring of muscle, the feeling of fullness seeping into Dean’s brain. Cas moves slow, splitting Dean open with his dick, whispering devotion into Dean’s skin. As he buries to the hilt he brings Dean’s calves up onto his shoulders, kissing the inside of his knee before starting long, firm strokes. Dean’s never felt so full, so complete. This is dangerous and he doesn’t even care, he wants everything Cas can give him. Cas speeds up his thrusts, pausing every few to grind and circle deep inside Dean. He finds what he’s looking for when Dean’s eyes shoot open.
“Nothing so far, still no real trace of them either. Next she’ll run facial recognition and see if anything pops up from Interpol. That can take a couple of days.”
“Nice tan, Dean.”
It feels so fucking good.
Dean’s heart breaks, he is so far gone on this man, and now he has given him one of the most beautiful cars ever made. He can’t tell what is real and what isn’t. Is it all part of the game, or does it mean more? “Nah, Cas. I’d never say anything that boring.”
Dean looks up to see exquisite blue eyes full of concern, looking at him like he is the most precious thing in the world. But maybe that’s just wishful thinking.
As they leave the restaurant, Cas turns Dean towards him and hands him a small box. Curious Dean opens it and pulls out a set of car keys, Cas looks over his shoulder and there, gleaming beautifully in the moonlight is a
That gets a small smile from Dean, “I bet if you look, you’ll find Alex Morgenstern lives in New York.”
They cast off from the dock and slowly cruise out of the harbor. Cas, once again in his element on the water, guides the cruiser smoothly out into the Sound. Its soothing and beautiful, something freeing about leaving land behind.
Not having an invitation, Dean sneaks into the event through a side entrance and storms into the ball. He needs to calm down, take a breath and play this with a clear head. A waiter walks by with a tray of champagne so Dean snatches one of those and tosses it back, letting it wash his anger into a little box, deep down.
“Where is that sack of shit? Where is he RIGHT NOW!?”
“Thanks… Garth, appreciate it. What about the fancy pants at the FBI?”
“Heh, no Sam.”
“In the works. Point of entry was a hollow statue delivered this morning. They brought it in through their own security.”
Pfffttt…. Stay away from Novak. Is he kidding? Dean has a job, and it’s the painting, no matter what it takes to get it back. Hence why he is slightly stalking the guy the next day. Dean called Charlie early this morning to have her track Castiel down.
The view is amazing. The lake glows a bright teal, with deep green trees blanketing the mountains that tumble into the lake, all the way to the waters edge. The air is brisk, crisp, and smells of sharp pine, cold water, with just a hint of snow.
Dean rolls back into the office with some extra freckles, sore muscles, and a smile. He’s gingerly sitting down in his chair when Charlie pops her head in the door looking suspiciously gleeful.
Castiel’s boat is flying across the ocean, it has to be going at least 45 or 50 miles per hour.
“Then the camera can't tell between people and walls.” Hot damn, he was good. This is why Dean got paid the big bucks. “Ok, how hot did it get in the museum? Check the other cameras.”
Their waiter comes over to introduce themselves and take their drink orders. Cas speaks up.  “A Scotch neat for me and I guess the gentleman would like…” Dean raises an eyebrow waiting for answer… “I guess the gentleman actually likes champagne.” He knows for a fact that Dean likes champagne.
Dean breathes out a sigh of relief. “You’re slippin’, Dr. Badass.”
“Thanks Gabe. For what it’s worth, I love you too. Can we get back to sailing now?”
They both roll their eyes and cross their arms, looking away from each other. Garth tries to pretend he is not there. They all look up as Morgenstern is led to the chair across from them and handcuffed to the tabletop.
Flipping through the pages, Sam stops on a photograph of the painting, titled
Cas is insistent. “If the painting’s back we’re free of it all. All we have to do then is leave. The painting will be back so your job is finished, and it will no longer have been stolen, so they will stop pursuit of me.”
Cas rubs a hand through his hair and looks away, muttering “I never bring anyone here.”
His mind instantly focuses on an image of the green eyed Adonis he briefly crossed paths with when he went to give his statement. There was intrigue there, definitely.
To keep the rest of the team free of scorn, Dean has them drop him and the painting off in front of the FBI building. His excitement ramps up with a feeling of victory as he saunters into Bobby’s office and places the painting on his desk.
“And whose head are you after?”
“Know whether all it was to you was the painting?” Cas steps closer, entire bearing imploring Dean to believe in him, believe in them. “How else could I know?”
Dr. Milton contemplates Cas’s disheartened expression. “Wait a minute… are you… serious? Castiel, did you catch feelings?”
“I trust myself implicitly.”
“Well, it seemed the right size for the space.”
“You know you can't.”
Cas gestures to the clothes inside, there seems to be a lot more plaid in there than Cas usually wears. Going on a hunch Dean speaks up.
Dean looks up quickly, “Preamble?”
Cas’s gaze roams his face then stops at his eyes. “Would you like another hit of espresso?”
They cruise around giant freighters, wave to fellow boaters, and Dean freaks when he sees something jumping along the side of the boat.  “Holy shit Cas! Dolphins!” The boat loses momentum as he takes his hand off the throttle to point.
-------------------
Dean feels like he’s been kicked in the gut. What the fuck is Charlie doing here? Why is the FBI here? Is Sam here? Did Cas narc on him? What the ever loving fuc—
“I want you to talk about men.................... Mr. Novak?”
As their lips meet, Cas struggles between wanting to sink into absolute bliss with Dean, and being unsure how Dean really feels outside of the investigation. The struggle holds him back and he slowly comes out of the kiss, resting his forehead against Deans. He looks up to see a beautifully flushed and wanting Dean, it helps restore some of his confidence that this is more to both of them.
“Do you really think I’m going to sleep with a man I’m investigating, hmm?”
“Oh!” Alfie jumps excitedly as he fast forwards to later in the day on a corridor camera feed, “They were stopped by one of our best patrons.”
Garth jumps in. “Between Novak and that creepy forger?”
Walking into the room, Dean takes note of the suspects posture, expression, body language. The man is slightly sweaty, shoulders hunched, and has an insolent frown on his face. His eyes move up to meet Deans, then dart quickly away looking around the room.
He’s about to start interrogating Cas when Cas beats him to it.
“Oh really? Where?”
“What!? When? Why?! How long have you kn-“
Sam can tell he is on to something, he finally huffs in annoyance and asks “What is it, Lassie? Timmy fall down a well?”
Dean laughs out in awe and pure joy as Cas guides him up to speed and they are flying over the ocean.
The man starts to tremble and lets out a small sob. Dean knows he’s won.
Dean pulls into his parking garage when his phone buzzes.
“Come now. I’m sure I can’t be arrested for a joke.”
“Yes, absolutely, I can be there in an hour.”
“I supposed you didn’t just run out for this, Cas?”
“Yeah, well I’m not a cop.”
“And… that's why they failed.”
“Yep, answer it.” Dean see’s a motion out of the corner of his eye, it’s Jo nodding at him. Cas’s voice draws his gaze back.
“Oh come on! I cut through the crap, alright? I mean, how long was it gonna take you, Sam? Weeks of wire taps, if you could get them. Guys tailing him to the bathroom… I found out in ten minutes. He did it! The smug son of a bitch did it.”
“CHARLIE!”
Sam huffs, making the hair hanging near his eyes bounce. “Did you find anything out this weekend?”
The lightbulb goes on in Sam’s head.  “And if the borders do happen to match?”
Dean rolls his eyes, “The man likes the game. I'm gonna play with him for a while.”
"Since when do you speak Romanian?”
“It was wedged under the gate.” Garth explains. It looks like a briefcase filled with metal shaped like honeycombs and it's got a large dent in the top.
before locking up and hopping on the elevator down. He doesn’t see Cas through the lobby windows, so he starts looking around as he pushes through the front doors and stops suddenly.
Checking the time, Dean realizes he needs to start getting ready. He disrobes and jumps in the shower. The thought flickers across his mind that Cas might be getting ready to shower now too. That leads to imagining what Cas’s looks like naked. All naked, and wet and gleaming, water sluicing off his body…
That seems a little too familiar for Castiel’s taste. Especially considering they have never spoken a single word to each other. All he knows is the man was at the FBI office. With a slight frown he asks… “Do we know each other?”
Almost in a trance, he raises his head as they cruise onto a bridge, it feels like it is practically floating, with water on both sides contained by soaring canyon walls covered in lush green fir trees. He can’t help but smile as he takes in the beauty of the area. Eyes ahead they climb, meandering up the side of the canyon, the lake on their left. They reach the pinnacle of the climb and slow down to pull off at the viewpoint.
“Claire, you have to know something about Cas. He’s changed
Dean sat up straight. “Cas? No,” he waved the panicked thought away. “Cas is fine.”
Cas lowered his gaze to his lap. The move alerted Dean to the fact that his own hand on his knee was covered by Cas’s hand. He jerked back in surprise and frowned up at Cas, who blushed. Wait, blushed? Angels didn’t blush. They were shameless, and emotionless. Well, Cas had feelings now, but he’d yet to come close to blushing or showing other physical discomfort.
There is some canon divergence for Claire’s life following her first experience with Cas and the Winchesters. I cobbled together some of her canon backstory with a health dose of my own ideas to fit this story. Same goes for Charlie and Kevin. Without leviathan and angel tablets, neither of these characters should be part of the storyline, but Dean needed a family, and I didn’t want to create OCs. Just go along with the handwavy-ness.
“Missed us already, kiddo?” Dean asked, rubbing her head with his knuckles until she glared and pulled away.
Dean’s eyes widened. The bond
“You also have free will, love, pity, and forgiveness,” Sam says.
“Sure. Okay.” Dean said for both of them.
It hurt to see the wounded expression on Cas’s face, but Dean held strong. He really did need to get some distance if he was going to survive this. Plus, he actually did enjoy a little alone time each day to recharge. He was feeling a little worn down from the constant interaction all day. Even being around someone he lo– he enjoyed being around could get exhausting after a while.
Dean sees a rest stop ahead and signals to take the exit.
“And does Cas–”
“Mmmhhmm,” Bobby hummed skeptically.
“Sure, take all the fun out of it,” she muttered, grabbing a drink and sitting down.
Cas stares at him and finally sighs. He climbs out of the car. “
“Yeah, Cas?” his eyes are wide and so green.
If Cas was still upset over Dean’s fuck up the night before, he didn’t show it. He was his normal gruff but sweet self. He stayed as close to Dean as he normally did and talked to him like nothing had happened. Still, Dean’s guilt remained. They were balanced on a sword point, and he was afraid he’d ruin everything, bumbling through his emotions as he always did. He tried to remind himself that he’d come a long way from where he’d been only six months ago, but it was hard to keep that in mind when he was worrying about FUBARing the whole relationship. What would happen to the bond if they ended up distancing themselves emotionally before it finished forming? Or even if it settled and then things went pear shaped.
“Yeah, more like bury any feelings and pretend you’re good. But are you really good, son? This is me, you can talk to me.”
“‘All and sundry’?” Cas asked, surprised.
He ignores the little thrill that goes through him from Dean showing concern and care for him. It’s just a friendly thing to do. Right?
Sam shakes his head. “Anyway, so you have no idea what’s bothering him.”
“Sam, Dean and I need to talk.”
books and accompanying fanfic. And two, the lived experience of gay panic.”
. And he hates that he doesn’t know.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why not?”
“No.” Cas shook his head. “I like hunting. With you. I like helping people and seeing you shine when you’re able to save a life. I like watching you and Sam bicker. I like your car … and seeing the world speed by from her windows. I like talking to waitresses at truck stops and hearing their stories. I like …” He petered off. “I like my life now, I think.”
They lay in comfortable silence for a while. It was nice, not feeling that
“I read only sincerity from him; he truly seems to want to learn and help. I will keep an eye on him, but I think we’re safe.”
“Ohhhh.” She nodded knowingly. “Angels are asexual. Makes sense.” She wrinkled her nose. “Cas doesn’t exactly seem like a normal angel, though. His face is way more expressive than it was the first time I met him. Not to mention I was his vessel for a hot second, and he’s definitely more emotional now. But whatever. You do you, dude. Who am I to tell boyfriends how to have a relationship.”
“Whatever. If you want food, follow me. If you’d rather hole up in a room and ignore us, Cas can show you where to go.” He headed for the kitchen to check on the cornbread. It should be just about ready.
“And your talk?” Cas asked.
Dean took a minute to wrack his brain. “I don’t think so?”
He was offended for about two seconds, then slumped. “Believe me, I know how weird it is. Come on, let’s shoot things instead of talking about this.”
“It is.”
“Do you think we can get her to stay a while?” Cas asked later as they lay in bed.
Dean paused, unsure how to react to that … compliment? “Great,” he finally said. “Now, sleep. Wait! You don’t sleep. Do you need to grab some books, or borrow my laptop to watch Netflix? Or …” Before he could finish, a stack of books appeared on the bedside table. “Right, okay then. You can leave the light on to read; it won’t bother me, which I’m sure you know, since you’ve watched me sleep before.” He didn’t even think of it as a dig until Cas replied softly.
Sam shook his head. “I said everything perfectly. And, um, that’s the problem.”
“I dunno, dude. He’s been like that for weeks. He acts like he hates being here, but he also refuses to leave. It’s like a toddler fighting a nap.” Dean rubs a hand over his face.
enjoy this break they’re having. He enjoys sitting at the breakfast table as Dean shovels food in his mouth (though he could stand to chew with his mouth closed). He enjoys quiet afternoons in the library with Sam and a good book. He even enjoys watching those inane action movies, because he knows how much Dean enjoys them.
“What the actual fuck, Cas?” Dean explodes in a stage whisper after the tenth wriggle. “Stop moving.”
Dean glanced at Cas, who nodded. His intentions were pure, as far as Cas could tell, which would have to do.
“Hate, malice–”
“Yeah … he’s still not so great at the investigation part of hunts. We’re working on it.”
Dean laughed. “No, your personality. You’re comforting and warm to be around.”
By the time he’d pulled out the pie—smelling amazing, if he did say so himself—and set it on the counter to cool, Sam and Cas had found the empty shelves: tall, real wood shelves, sturdy and with a nice stain on them. They really didn’t make things like they used to. These days they’d have to hunt high and low and pay out the nose for quality like that. Quality was heavy though, and they needed all three of them to transfer the chosen shelf from storage to the bedroom.
“Before insurers indemnify a painting... they remove it from the frame and photograph the borders.”
Dean’s eyes widen, shocked. “We’d be fugitives.”
“Yes Dean, there is an event at the museum tomorrow night. I will put the painting back during the event. And then you’ll meet me at nine o’clock, at the Kirkland heliport and we’ll leave together. Or…” Cas hesitates and flicks a glance and both his cousins. “Or, you can have Sam and Garth waiting for me. I’m trusting you.”
-----------------
The air between them changes to something primal, visceral, hot. It’s palpable and it goes straight to Dean’s dick. Apparently, he’s not the only one who notices. Cas sidesteps and spins around behind Dean. He grabs Dean’s hips, and jerks him flush against his front, Dean can feel the thick hot length of his arousal against his ass. Cas hooks his chin over his shoulder and runs his nose up along Dean’s throat pausing behind his ear to whisper, deep and rough, “Deaannn… Do you want to dance?… Or do you want to
Cas’s heart pounds with hope and excitement as he answers the door, and can’t help the brilliant smile that blooms on his face as he takes Dean in on the threshold.
Dean rolls his eyes at Cas’s retreating back.
. “I think I might have seen this before, maybe in an art appreciation class in undergrad?”
Cas glances at him, brow furrowed. “I sense…hesitation? Do you find my company monotonous? Because I’d hate to think you could.”
Cas joins him on the porch staring at the stunning view of Dean. “It really is.”
Dinner is delicious. Cas really is an amazing cook and Dean will take advantage of that for as long as he can. But food won’t satisfy the hunger burning inside. Cas is barely finished putting his dishes in the sink when Dean slides in behind him, molding his front to Cas’s back whispering “I need you inside me, so fucking bad.”
Luckily for the team trying to sneak up on Cas, the gates to his posh two-acre estate are open. It would have been really awkward having to buzz the intercom. Dean can smell the fresh ocean air as they drive up the winding driveway pulling up in front of a stunning, yet reasonably sized (for a billionaire) colonial style home that sits above the shoreline of the sound. A small cove with a dock has the catamaran Dean watched Cas damn near crash tied to it, with a charming boat house attached. It screams money, but not pretentiousness.
Dean’s heart squeezes, painful and sharp, but tries to smile through it. “Where does he find the time?”
“That was it.” And what a glorious two nights they were. Dean starts sinking back into the memories, shifting in his seat so he can feel just how glorious, when Sam interrupts his reminiscing.
The white noise ringing melts away and Dean smiles down at his phone.
He plops down on one of the chairs as Cas comes to sit in the other, wineglass now in hand, staring at the burning box in bafflement. As the flames pass the point of no return, Dean cannot hold it in anymore.
“Cas” he whispers. Nothing to follow, just ‘Cas’, but everything he is feeling is in that one word.
Dean didn’t wait for a response. He was already walking out the door and making plans. He needed to get a better feel for this guy, see what he did for fun, who he associated with… standard investigating procedure. Get to know your suspect.
Dean just sits there, smug, waiting for her to continue.
“But that’s not the most interesting part. We got a call this morning from Roman Enterprises. Around the same time of the art theft, their assets were robbed of almost $100 million dollars across nine of their companies.” He spins the file around and nudges it towards Sam.
