Thor sighed. “Sadly, I know not, Princess. I can say with some certainty that he is not in any of our family dwellings here, nor within any populated region of Asgard, but it is there that my information ends.”
Pepper had elected to remain inside the carriage, since she was still recovering from her days’ worth of seasickness, but Rhodey was standing at attention beside it. He bowed low over Natasha’s hand while introducing himself like the perfect gentleman he was. “I'm James Rhodes, Your Highness, Tony’s nursemaid.”
Outside the baggage carousel, Nia looked for a driver with a placard with their name, but Howard raised a hand in the air and started forward toward a man in a rather shabby-looking but neat three-piece suit, with thinning gray hair and a pair of wireframe spectacles balanced on his nose.
He had tried not to think of this possibility, as part of his refusal to give up on Tony. Somewhere along the way, giving up on his relationship with Tony had become tantamount to admitting Tony was gone forever, and even now he struggled to even contemplate it. Was it possible that he had truly lost his chance with Tony? That after years upon years of being together but still so separate, years of Tony making no secret of his feelings for Steve while Steve was foolish and fearful and distant, that now that Steve was finally able and willing to admit that he had fallen desperately in love with another man, a betrothed prince, no less –
His escape attempt had been ill-fated from the start, he knew, but he had done it anyway. He only needed Yinsen’s help with one part. A map. Just a small piece of parchment. The brave, kind man had agreed to bring Tony the pivotal tool of his eventual escape, and the hope came flooding in despite the distance still left to go before freedom was his once more. He would still need to break the spell, of course, but at least he would know how far he had to travel, would be able to plan something, plan
Only it didn’t sound like Steve. Steve had a delightfully rumbly voice, the sound vibrating through his barrel chest and coming out all gravelly and delicious. This voice sounded kind of like Steve, if Steve had taken honey in his tea or was just a bit smaller…
“Yeah,” said the Peace Officer, and she unlocked the door to the little jail cell. “Come on, kiddo, you’re free to go.”  She shot Nia a grin. “Unless you want to stay here all night? Pretty comfy, huh?”
But more than all these, Steve could not not decide which was the more painful: watching Tony with Natasha, or watching him with Bucky.
Sometimes, when he missed him deeply, Steve tried to draw Tony from memory. But every time he tried, he realized how little attention he had paid to Tony while he was there, and he thought that he was such a fool. The next year it was decided yet again that the trip was unsafe, as the war in Asgard reached what all hoped would be its fever pitch and, mercifully, its end.
The fireplace was crackling vibrantly in the background, and Steve had not lit any candles when he came in – so the light in the room was low, burning red and orange, flickering all around them. It danced vibrantly through his lids when Steve closed his eyes, breathing in deeply to smell Tony’s skin, his nerves shaking with Tony’s nearness. They had stopped their own pretense of a dance, standing still and wrapped up together, breathing heavily.
It was at that point that the Batman upon which Jan was perched clearly had enough of their conversation and ambled off without so much as a goodbye, carrying Jan away with him.
Was it possible Loki had erased his memory, and Tony was simply too afraid or too clever to let on that he was surrounded by strangers and terrified for what a turn his life had taken?
,” Nia observed. She tugged her jacket more tightly around her. “Gone, like you’re…”  She bit her lip and looked back at Steve, still and silent in his tomblike enclosure.
Steve was reminded of his childish love for the lovely Miss Peggy Carter, and his even more childish hope that Sharon would be as wonderful as her aunt. Natasha had been furious with him when he expressed that view, and forbade him from seeing Sharon unless he just wanted to see her for her own merit. Since he did not know Sharon very well and she was three whole years younger than him, Steve had decided to let their friendship become far more incidental. He did not forget that exciting, scary, happy feeling he had felt around Peggy though, before she married Gabriel.
But Pepper simply would not have it, no matter who the reassurances came from. “Loki has done something to him. Something more than we know.”
Tony’s eyebrow rises, wondering if he’s about to get his palm read or something equally kooky, but he gamely holds out a hand palm-up over the table as he takes another gulp of coffee. He knows he hasn’t stopped grinning and staring at Steve’s glittering eyes since pretty much the moment they sat down, but he really doesn’t care.
“He’ll be there,” Obie said, always more optimistic than Nia. “He didn’t want to pressure you, to choose engineering, To-- Nia,” Obie caught himself just in time to manage the right nickname. “But he
Well, Steve had never put much stock in royalty, and though he retained a healthy fear of Natasha for just being Natasha, there was no chance of him backing down. “He's a horrid, spoiled jerk, and I don't understand why you continue defending him,” Steve retorted, drawing himself up to his full height, just an inch or so shorter than her.
“How inconvenient,” Tony grimaced. “So he used my nosebleed to turn some schmuck into his insurance policy, and, what, planned to wait me out forever to make himself look like me?”
Being who he was, though, he thought he might lose his mind with boredom after the first week of captivity, and spent many of his days shut in the castle with its ancient, crumbling, but still readable library of tomes. Lacking opposable thumbs during the day meant he had to spend many of his nights making sure his reading material would be accessible to his swan body – especially if it rained during a new or waning moon, so that there was nowhere he could go to light a fire to read by at night. When he had tired himself of calculating the mathematics of his flight ability as a bird, and mentally designed at least a dozen different potential flying apparatuses he never intended to allow Clint anywhere near, he started scribbling down—in charcoal, on the least interesting pages of the books at his disposal—every design for around the castle he could think of. He found himself sketching out new bow designs or tiny wrist-sheathed darts, and determinedly refused to think that it was sheer obstinacy at this point that was keeping alive his faith that he would see the people they were designed for, even one more time.
After a short while, Steve heard a female voice shouting over the wind: “Here! Over here!” and did not have even a moment to wonder which man she had found before he was skittering back up the incline towards her booming voice, Sam close on his tail. The woman who had called out was Coulson’s favorite minion: clerk Johnson’s daughter, an extremely clever young woman a few years Steve’s junior. Daisy was crouched on the ground over the figure of a man lying face-down on the dirt, her hair plastered against her face by the rain, and her skirts girded about her thighs but still dragging in the sodden mud. Her hands hovered over the man she had found, quaking, unsure whether or not to touch.
Hours had passed since the visiting royalty had departed, morning bleeding lazily into afternoon and soon into evening, and Steve was sitting alone in one of the many guest bedrooms of the castle. That this one happened to be the room Tony had claimed every summer for fifteen years was only to be expected, really. Sam certainly seemed to have expected it, since he showed up at the door to the antechamber at one point and sat in silence with Steve. Feeling uncomfortable and lost, Steve had settled himself on the bed Tony had been using, wishing the cleaning servants were a little less efficient; wishing he could at least have Tony’s scent to bury his nose in and pretend for however long that his life was very different from reality.
?” she sputtered. “And maybe I want to work sanitation.”  She prodded Ty in the chest. “Look at the trash I drag around with me.”
“Oh,” Tony said, peering cautiously up at Steve and then setting the thin book aside on the sill. “Nothing much. What can I do for you?”
Tony snorts, then has to struggle against his face’s sudden urge to fall. He supposes that’s fair. He hadn’t said he needed the promised coffee immediately. Why the hell
Maria kissed her back, smoothed her hair down, and put her hands on Nia’s cheeks. “I’m sorry I’m not always the best parent,” she said.
Notably absent from the carriage were the two bodies Steve had been most dreading to find. It was far too soon for relief, but it washed over him nonetheless like a rush of cold air. His stomach churned with it, guilt tugging at him as he turned away from staring at the corpses of Tony’s only family.
When she’d met Jim, she’d been abjectly in love with him for two weeks, two heart-wrenching weeks, before she found out he already
There had been no sightings of anybody either entering or exiting the building in years aside from its occasional custodian. And it was the recent disappearance of that custodian from his hometown, the small hamlet of Gulmira, that had sent Steve and the others to this dilapidated structure.
Pepper was adamant. “He was not like this when returning from the pirates,” she said firmly. “And they… He was happy. He was different, he was not… unaffected, but he was happy to be home. This is…” She shook her head. “This is not like him.”
She sucked in a breath. “Was it the right decision?” she asked. “What you and Howard did? This isn’t just him trying to protect me like I’m still a baby, is it?”
And there, when she stepped closer, there was the scar, the one mark the Project Rebirth experiment had left on his body-- a red blotch, shining and twisted across the center of his sternum, shaped curiously like a star.
Traveling with Howard Stark on government business was nothing like anything Nia had ever done before. He had advised her to wear her uniform-- which had been a smart idea, if only because it allowed her to put on a false sense of decorum, to sit perfectly still, looking straight ahead, instead of acknowledging the journalists milling at the end of their driveway. She’d had a slight sense of satisfaction, too, knowing that a picture of her looking smart and professional in her service dress was not what any of them had been hoping for. Still, looking down at her chest, at the blank spot where her star should have been, made her feel all too self-conscious.
“You are childish,” Tony snapped. “Naïve. You would really rather cling to your precious principles than risk some happiness?”
A month into the visit, Steve had seen Tony only a handful of times and had not spoken to him at all after the first day – the castle and grounds were easily large enough to facilitate this, and Steve was very careful. It was when Sir Alexander sent one of his pages with a message for Steve to come meet him at his manor outside the town that Steve realized he had not even told Tony that he was to become Sir Alexander’s squire, alongside Bucky.
It was Tony. Drenched, streaming water from his long, grown-out hair and sodden shirt, but it was Tony. He stood thigh-deep in the lake, staring at them as they gaped back at him, and then he was moving.
She whirled away, telling herself she didn’t care if he followed. She wanted Jim. And Carol. And Obie. Obie would know what to do, she told herself. She wondered if her parents had known about this, if
“If you don't mind,” Bucky said cheekily, assuming the position for a slower, inappropriately intimate couple’s dance.
When it was very late and the moon and stars were the only light outside, Natasha suddenly stood up, pecked Tony on the temple, and left the room without a word. Tony had only a moment to be startled before she was joined by Clint, Sam, and Bucky, who said something like, “But Nat is far scarier than you,” to Steve before he too was suddenly gone.
“With witnesses,” she corrected. “Natasha, at the very least. I know she wishes to believe me, but she needs proof.”
“Okay, let me look at you,” she said. She pressed a finger to his shoulder, tentatively at first, and then more firmly-- he was about as cold as the room.
Still, he would rather Natasha than any of the noble girls here, who laughed at him and never knew what he was talking about and just
With a put-upon sigh, Steve looked at Natasha: at her pretty green eyes and her pretty red curls. She looked sincere. Then he looked back at Bucky, whom Tony had now balanced very precariously on his shoulders as he stomped around in the waist-high water, and Bucky attempted to direct him by tugging on his sopping black hair. Both of them were grinning and laughing, and Steve felt very jealous for a moment.
Pepper’s hand landed on Thor’s shoulder in breathless relief, and she pressed a quick kiss of gratitude into his hair.
—only to slump back onto Steve’s shoulder when she called out Scott’s name for his admittedly amazing Mike Wazowski costume. It was basically a stuffed Swiss ball spray-painted green and cut open for his head and limbs, but something about the way it made Scott waddle around and bounce off of furniture had had people in stitches for hours.
“How do you know about these things?” Steve asked in a hushed whisper, afraid they might get caught.
Then there had been a loud noise from outside, and the carriage had drawn to a jarring halt. After a few seconds of some sort of uneasy silence, Bucky had slipped seamlessly down from the coachman’s seat, through the door and into the main body of the carriage, where he crouched on the floor between the three frozen royals with his hand on his sword hilt. Tony’s parents had wisely kept their silence as they all strained to hear what was happening outside, beyond the shouts of their escort.
With a conscious effort, he attempted to remain calm. His wings settled down slightly against his newly horizontal back. So he was now a giant, crabby waterfowl. So he could no longer speak. So, if anyone did somehow manage to find him, there was little to no chance they would recognize him, even if he found them before they moved on from this place. His wings drooped off his back and into the water, his long neck sinking as he continued to stare at his reflection in sheer horror.
At least… that had been Steve’s sole consolation until Tony entered the great hall with Natasha on his arm.
He was wearing khaki pants that were just a little too short for him, no shoes, and a big blue cape that swept down almost to the tarmac.
It was dismally true – for the dozen or so people on horseback who had accompanied King Howard and Queen Maria to Natasha’s castle, there was no sign of a single one of them. Steve’s stomach clenched when he realized… they must all have gone over the cliff.
It was the sheer appeal of Loki as a suspect that had Steve practically staging a rebellion during the four day journey on the ship over to Asgard.
Steve huffed but gamely pushed his way through the crowd of drunken, tipsy, or sugar-manic twenty-somethings while Tony attempted to sing along to the pounding music in the most terribly off-key voice he could manage.
That first week, before she left her own bedroom, the one she’d grown up in, on her mother’s side of the house, for the first time, Maria sat her down.
Nia turned around and stuck her tongue out at Carol, who was lounging in the back seat. “Nah,” she said. “You guys go enjoy yourselves. Have some actually-good-sex in an actual bed or something.”
Tony beamed up at him, reaching up to tug his fingers through Bucky’s hair. “You’ve gotten as shaggy as me,” he noted. “Looks better on you, I imagine.”
He reached the gentle waters at something between a glide and a roll. As soon as he had reached up and opened the latch of the storeroom door with his beak, he had known there was no way he would be able to make it up the hill to the castle. Obadiah—
Ty was cut off by the opening strains of the UNITY anthem, and the two of them popped out of their seats, raising their right hands in measured salutes at the flag.
"Wade told us about your cancer last night." Tony winced a little. He really had no tact sometimes. "Sorry, I didn't-"
"The chimichangas are safe." Steve turned when heard Tony step into the kitchen. "The actual dinner part, that's safe and not burned.
“I’m healing,” Tony replied, making a show to snuggle into his pillow a little more. “Sorry, babe.” He made a noise of protest when Steve’s arm left it’s spot over his waist, but he was then grabbing Jamie with them, and Tony smiled at her laugh.
"You say entertainment," Tony said looking at the film reels, "and I'm thinking childhood memories."
“It was awesome,” he said, kicking his feet on the barstool he sat on. Bucky was shaking his head, arms folded over his chest.
"You're in New York," Steve started softly. "In your Tower, down in your workshop." Tony could feel his hand starting to shake. "It's almost two in the morning, and Peter is fast asleep upstairs on your floor." Steve flattened Tony's hand against his chest. "Follow my breathing, nice and easy, match it up."
Those knowing about his Eeveelution family grew by one; Natasha Romanov, who then reported the newest additions to Nick Fury, and then Agent Coulson met them. Surprisingly, all of them liked Agent Coulson, including Vee. Citrine and Amethyst had been instrumental in helping him synthesize the new arc reactor, and afterwards, all of his Eevee’s helped him create the new industrial arc reactor.
"And how does Agent feel about this?" Tony asked, with a bit of snark. It hadn't gone unnoticed by Tony that Mary may or may not be dating her boss. At least, that's what he gathered when Peter kept talking about Agent Coulson showing up more often at their apartment. Tony didn't do jealousy, and of course Mary was allowed to date whoever she wanted, but Tony didn't like not knowing.
Steve locked his jaw a little, looking at Tony Stark, who wouldn't even look at him properly. He had kept his mask on because he wanted him to focus on Loki, but now all he saw was the egotistical, spoiled, brat of a man that the press had made him out to be. Howard would be rolling in his grave, he was sure of it. Two could play at this game.
Coulson licked his lips a little, but he didn't disagree with Tony. "You need to keep reading, Tony." Tony looked over at Coulson, so unused to hearing his first name come from his mouth. Looking back at the tablet, Coulson reached over, tapping on another folder, different files popping up. He frowned, looking over them. There was one of Bruce, pictures and videos of his first transformations into what had been classified as the Hulk, someone called Thor from when Coulson had gone to New Mexico, and another file that had him frowning. He enlarged the file on Captain America, seeing old film reels of him fighting back in World War II, and then pictures of him, well his body, covered in ice.
Turning back, he headed for the kitchen to get started on some sandwiches for lunch. He groaned a little when he saw a familiar red cloak flapping at him. Dr Strange and Loki were seated on the stools to the kitchen island. “I should be thanking you for waiting a week since our last meeting.” Tony was a lot more cordial this time around, even if he still wasn’t happy to see them. “You’re gaining another shadow there, Doctor, I’d keep an eye on that.”
"I'd never do that," Steve said with a shake of his head. "Peter loves those lessons, and he's got some real talent." Tony leaned in to kiss Steve's cheek, smiling a little when Jamie put her hands over her mouth and nose.
"I don't think there's much to be done just yet," Julie said gently. "You know where to find us, but try and get some rest yourself." Steve nodded and silently turned on his foot to leave.
"Hello," Tony greet with a smile. The joy in the pool room had become a little infectious. "Tony Stark's Water World at your service, how can I help you?"
He took a drink from his glass as someone sat in the chair next to him. He smiled a little. "You're a planning guru. No wonder I made you CEO of my company." He held up his glass as Pepper clinked the drink together.
"So, I'm thinking that we need to find something mindless to watch," Tony started a new topic as the elevator took them up to the penthouse. "Even though we're not getting any sleep, it doesn't mean that we're able to focus on important facts."
"I never knew about this place," Mary said, leaning against the back of the couch, crossing her arms over her chest.
"What's if it's sticky?" Tony made an exaggerated face. "What if it gets all over me?" Tony held onto the table, and lifted the leg with Peter on it. "You just want me to go ahead and do this?" Tony reached down, grabbing Peter around the waist with his arm, hefting him up under his arm. He spun Peter around a little and pulled him into a big hug.
Steve's mouth dropped open a little. Tony had collected all this, preserved it, put it on display, even in a museum, and now he was just giving it away? He let his fingers trail softly against the glass, looking at the stuff, then stopped. There were dog tags, six sets of them.
Also, I try to plan out the chapters before I write them, give a vague outline of what scenes I want to happen, and I was going to get to the beginning of Iron Man 2 in this chapter, but Captain Rogers had different plans for me when he bust on the scene. I hope everyone likes this chapter, this is the start of that slow build tag. I do hope that some of the cliche things, that all you lovelies see coming, are handled in a way that at least you enjoy.
Steve saw Julie’s lips quiver a little with unshed tears, and her hands held on securely to her son. She brought him into her chest, hand on his back, other hand in his hair now. “I’m so sorry, baby,” she whispered, but, guiltily, his ears heard it. “I’m so sorry that I wasn’t able to stop him. I’m sorry that you had to do that. I love you so much.”
“Took you long enough to get here, Hawkeye,” Tony mumbled as he grabbed Barton’s hand to pull him up. He swallowed deeply, ignoring the stirring in his stomach. Black Widow landed back on the ground, the second AIM agent falling behind her. “I need you two to get the kids out of here. I assume you both didn’t run here.” Barton jerked a thumb back at a black SHIELD truck not too far away. “Perfect, get them back to the Tower.”
“Yes, well, I guess I had thought that we had rested for longer than we actually did,” Strange replied, turning to face the blonde now.
"No," Tony breathed, shaking his head. He looked at Steve, then back to the words in front of him, gesturing helplessly. "Coulson isn't dead." His hands circled around the files, brain working double time to actually comprehend what he was seeing. "He's not dead, but SHIELD is hiding him. They want us to keep thinking that he is. The bastards have no intention of telling us!"
Tony felt his limbs shaking, his jaw trembled, but the anger that was coursing through him fueled his glare, and was all that allowed him to push himself up to his knees. "I'm not going to work for you. You'll fry my brain before I give in. I did three months in a cave, and everything you think you can show me, is already stuff I've showed myself. Bring. It. On."
Loki started to turn his body on the couch, and almost surprisingly Natasha was the first to fire off a shot from her gun. Loki’s image wavered and disappeared as the bullet passed through him. Tony jumped up from his spot, shooting a glare her way. He felt the air displaced behind him as Loki appeared again. “Dammit Romanoff!” Tony shouted. “There are children in this Tower, only a few floors away.”
Wade stared at him with a blank face for a moment. “Basically, you just said that you think I probably should talk to someone, but managed to step back before saying find some stranger.”
“You slept through breakfast,” Tony told him, hand resting against Jamie’s back as he stayed close to Steve. “We didn’t have the heart to wake you, so Peter spent the whole morning teaching Jamie how to say Papa.”
“I’d do anything for him,” she whispered as she watched him fall into a slumber. Steve nodded, then left the room, feeling like he was intruding. He shut the door a little, not fully closing it, then gave a nod to Todd who was making some coffee, taking up watching inside the apartment now. He could see a tablet on the kitchen counter that had up multiple camera views inside and around the Tower. The man took his job seriously, and Steve felt better about it.
"Now that Peter's older, old enough to know that I'm not around as often as I used to be, he's a sad little sack of child, and it's killing me." Tony managed to pull off an epic pout that Rhodey could easily imagine on Peter's face. Like father like son. "But, that's where my genius comes into play, once more. I'm going to strike a deal with you, Papa bear-"
Steve shook his head, getting his bearings back and looked at Tony. The man was up, he was alert, and he didn't look hurt. "Put on the suit, we're gonna need Iron Man."
"Because of all the people around the house?" Peter asked as they walked down the hall. Natasha walked down the hall, giving Tony a small smile as she passed. Tony took that as a good sign since he was pretty sure that she had come from Phil's room. "Who are all those people?"
Tony found Obie, pulling him away and up the steps, Obie pushing the other cameras away a little. "Have you seen these pictures?" He flashed the pictures to him, clearly showing the Jericho missiles. "What's going on in Gulmira?"
"You did not, stop it." Tony pushed Steve's arm. "Alright, let's talk. Let's get this off your chest."
"Loki?" That was Dr Selvig, he still sounded with it, at least not injured. "Brother of Thor?" That answered that question.
“Gone.” He saw Steve’s whole body tense. “I’m sorry, they didn’t make it. Your Eevee was the only one to have survived.”
There were a few moments of silence, Rachel reading the info upside down, and both started frowning. "Her parents were Hydra?" Tony nodded. "What about this Aunt?"
"-don't know. He's not answering his phone." Mary looked over at Pepper as they got into the cars. "Please go over there and make sure everything's okay." Peter was with Tony. "Thank you, Rhodey." Rhodey, the Colonel, she could trust him to keep them safe. Now she didn't have to commandeer the car form Coulson.
Tony wrinkled his nose as he looked at Steve's playlist. He was laying out on the couch, Starkpad in his lap, Peter sitting under his legs, sketchbook balanced on Tony's knees. Bruce came into the living room, handing a plate with a sandwich to Peter, who accepted it with a Thank You, and dropped a water bottle on Tony's chest.
"Hey there, Cap," Tony said, the picture of cool, calm, and collected. "Giving up your kitchen duty for tonight?"
Tony pointed his repulsor at the man, who he thought looked familiar for a second. Before he was able to get a shot, he was hit with a knowledge bomb. Or rather with Thor's hammer that sent him flying back and landing on top of Captain America. Oh well.
“It’s technically smart glass,” Tony mumbled under his breath, opening the door to get out, then reaching in to take Jamie from Pepper, then offering a hand to help her out as well. “It can black out, and no one will be able to see inside.” Peter clambered out next, then Steve pulled himself out, still looking up to take it all in. “I think it’s technically bigger than the Manor back in New York.”
“No, not completely alone,” Tony agreed with him. Steve glanced at him, and it seemed that the older man understood what Wade meant. “Jarvis is of course watching, and we’ve got the Tower on non-essential lock-down. Todd is stationed at the end of the hall, with an eye on all the cameras.” Wade nodded a little, snuggling back against his mom. Of course, he wanted to protect his mom.
"I figured as much," she said as she followed him. "Heard you and Steve were moving in together." Tony glanced at her. "That's a big step Tony."
Peter grinned at Tony. "Mama taught me how to hold him the right way. You have to support the head, cause they don't know how to hold them up yet."
"If I were anyone else, I would be offended, Bruce," Tony said, putting a hand to his chest. "It would sound like you don't care about me." Bruce just let out a hum and Tony chuckled. "Well, I'd like to ask a personal favor."
"Something like that," Steve said with a shrug. "Starting to think that I should have taken Mary up on the idea of becoming a teacher, or something."
“That last one hit a different spot,” Steve said with a nod. He pointed over to his right where there were signs of slight crinkling and scratches from the hits, but there was a fainter spot.
Steve made a noise as he shifted, a blanket falling away from his shoulders. He opened his eyes, realizing that he had fallen asleep, and there was light streaming in through the windows now. He had fallen asleep on the couch. Looking around he noted that Tony, Peter, and Wade were gone, but someone had placed a blanket over him.
“Don’t you even dare,” Tony interrupted, pointing at Rhodey who had looked ready to interrupt himself. “We are Not calling you Iron Patriot.”
Both Steve and Tony were watching him attentively now, except when Steve shot Sam a look when he tried to steal Jamie from his arms. "It doesn't appear that they had used anything on her, where the only trace of a serum that I could find in her system are the markers that match those in your blood."
Walking inside silently, Tony carefully crept in the bed, and wrapped an around the little boy. "I will always keep you safe," he whispered, gently resting his forehead against Peter's. "No matter what. I will do anything."
"Mary did warn me that I would probably be buying a lot of clothes," Steve said. Tony was resting his arms on the bar of a flatbed, and he blinked, not even aware that Tony had gone off to acquire one.
"All the Avengers are there!" He whisper shouted. "The ones that we saw in the newspaper! It's so awesome!"
"Yes, Mom put a birthday hat on the birthday boy." She called out, pulling the straps to tie the garbage bag shut. Tony snorted a little and sat down across from Pete on the floor. The now one year old clapped his hands, grinning at Tony, then put his hands on the coffee table, pulling himself up.
"Wouldn't help this time," Steve said quietly. He put the tablet back down, not really knowing what he was really doing with it anywhere. Although Steve was loathe to relive his nightmare, he thought that it might help Tony open up. "It started here, in the streets, from May."
“She’s not even a year old, I don’t think she knows the different, yet.” Bucky turned his head and saw Steve in the doorway, smiling at them. Jamie turned her head and let out a squeal, throwing her arms up in the air for him. “Hey there, sugar! Why are you awake?” He walked in, picking her up. Bucky sat up and watched them. “Were you good for Uncle Bucky?”
"Could be fifty years, the time doesn't really make a difference," Tony told him. "I mean, sure, it's harder in that first year, really saying no to a drink, but after that you hit a plateau. Well, for me I did, I'm sure it's not the same for everyone, not everyone else is a functional alcoholic like me. That's why it was so easy to keep getting drunk, to get away with it. Functional. Hyper functional even."
"I'm thinking of making Pepper CEO," Tony said as he took a drink of water. Mary's eyes widened a little and she looked at him. "It's not like she doesn't make a lot of the decisions anyway. She'd be getting the title and pay for the work she actually does, and won't be stuck babysitting me anymore." Mary leaned forward and put the back of her hand to his forehead. Tony was secretly glad that he hadn't left the house without drinking the chlorophyll that he and Jarvis had some up with. He might have looked crappier than he did. "I'm not sick."
"Steve, the SUV outside is yours right?" Tony looked at the blonde, and he nodded. "Great. Kid," he snapped and pointed at Meg, "Pack a change of clothes, you're staying in style tonight at whatever hotel I put Steve up in while he was staying here."
"Apparently not during regular waking hours," Tony said with a smirk. He grabbed Peter's converse and started to put them on the squirming boy.
Steve watched Tony, watched him dive into the newest problem on his plate. He knew what was happening, but he doubted he would be able to get Tony to stop. The man was looking for something to keep busy. Peter was asleep, so now he needed to focus on Mary, but he wasn't allowing himself to go in and see her.
But Tony shook his head. He stayed still for a second, then reached up to grab a piece of her hair that had escaped its braid, smoothing the copper lock slowly between his fingers before tucking it securely behind her ear. “He’s set up a perimeter of some kind – if I set foot outside it I turn back into a swan, no matter where the sun is.”
“I--”  Nia took a deep breath. “I’m glad you said what you said down there. That’s what I was trying to say. You-- I don’t know if this is the kind of thing you want to hear, but Maria would be proud.”
Steve retained just enough presence of mind to press another kiss against Tony’s temple, lingering for longer than he had intended, before releasing Tony and letting him be dragged into Natasha’s arms. Neither of them said a word, just standing there with Natasha’s face pressed into the crook of Tony’s shoulder, while he buried his nose in her her hair and unashamedly clung to her just as tightly as she did to him. Steve felt bereft instantly at the loss, and Thor stepped in close to put a hand on Steve’s shoulder, as if he could feel Steve’s distress at letting Tony out of his arms.
He remembered lying stunned for a moment, the rain pouring over him with cold indifference. But after that he could remember nothing more.
When Howard still hadn’t shown, she had pulled down a book from his shelf, a book of history from before UNITY had been assembled, from the Last War, and thumbed through it, reading about the world before UNITY, a world with hundreds of countries and people who spoke different languages, different rulers and forms of government, different militaries that fought each other, instead of a single military committed to eradicating terrorism.
One day near the end of the summer, Bucky presented Natasha with a wreath of local leaves, flowers, and herbs very beautifully woven together with ribbons and thread, and though neither of them acknowledged it aloud, Bucky and Tony shared a nod of understanding over the gesture. Natasha did not wear the peasant’s betrothal crown at first, but Steve found out from Tony that she had it hanging up to dry in her bedchamber so that it would last long after the leaves were no longer green and fresh, and Steve supposed that was better than wearing it when it was beautiful and dying.
Steve was definitely smaller. Tony was still wrapped around him like a petrified koala, except now his hands were clasped together behind Steve’s back. Also, come to think of it, his head was no longer on Steve’s chest, but seemed to be tucked up under his chin.
But the real reason was that she simply would not believe that Tony was dead, not until she had exhausted all possible efforts to either find him or prove the terrible truth. At almost four months since the accident, she had not yet exhausted those resources, though she was having to start becoming more creative. That was where Clint came in. More specifically, Clint’s heretofore generally unspoken past as a criminal, which put him within numerous unsavory circles able to dole out a wealth of secret knowledge. He agreed freely to tap into those contacts, with the proviso that none of the others could join him in that dangerous (and, in Steve’s case), morally repulsive world.
Steve made a garbled noise of protest while Tony beamed and ruffled the wavy golden fur on top of his head. “This is Steve, my boyfriend.”
When they got closer, it became clear—if it hadn’t been before—that Thor’s captive was his magical snake of a brother, who was already wheedling and squirming and trying to placate the prince, even as Thor shouted furiously down at him.
“Not until the anaesthetic wears off,” said Yinsen. “And my hands are still tied. I’m not sure how much I can do. I’m sorry, Nia.”
Steve had kissed people before: had felt their lips play over his own and even felt the wet, warm sensation of a tongue teasing for permission to enter his mouth. He had never given that permission before.
She wanted to run, hide, go back to her room, refill the tub, and submerge herself up to her ears. "So you’re here working for General Ross?" She asked Nancy.
“Howard wants you with us,” Obie admitted. “He knows how smart you are. He may not always show it, but he...he respects your intelligence.”
Actually, Tony was more shocked than anything. “Uh, is it bad if I was more scared when I thought you were just some random creep who broke into my apartment?”
Steve tried to remember that as the years dragged on. Lord Stane had come to an agreement with Lord Fury on King Howard’s behalf that Natasha and Tony would not be married until she turned twenty-one, at which point she would be well and truly on the shelf and it could be certain that Tony was her best option. Tony’s kingdom was small, after all, and Natasha’s attracted a lot of trouble, but Steve could also not shake the fear that Lord Stane had offered Lord Fury reason to believe that Tony would be unfit as a husband, and he could not help a stab of fear that Lord Stane might know about his affliction.
“Why use someone else at all?” Steve asked, inching closer to Tony and Bucky as surreptitiously as he could manage. “Why not just make himself look like Tony, if he already can?”
Prince Tony who had an actual chance with Natasha, whom Natasha thought was wonderful, whom Natasha brought here and ignored Steve to talk to all the stupid day.
A long while later, after at least a few hours of solitude, Steve’s time of seeking shelter in the drawing room ended abruptly when the door swung open and someone stepped in, shutting the door firmly behind them. Steve did not look up over the back of the chaise at the entrant, assuming it was either Bucky or Sam come to pester him.
Just before he can make an excuse for himself (hopefully concerning the hour and not the guy’s heartbreakingly lovely eyes), the man in his doorway snickers. Snickers unashamedly, right in Tony’s face, after pounding on his door and waking him up at this ungodly time of morning to ask him for help with… something… and, god, what an
Ty wrinkled his nose at her, and looked about to retort, when Nia heard someone call out from behind her.
Both men turned to look at her in mild surprise and, in Clint’s case, confusion. He was still walking respectfully behind the two royals, so that Thor had to turn his head to the side to speak with him, but Natasha could feel her friend’s questioning gaze upon her back. “He's the finest archer I have ever come across,” she clarified, giving the prince an earnest look. “And highly effective in both hand-to-hand combat and espionage.”
He was taller than Tony, but not as tall as Steve. Nor was he built like a linebacker, but more like a quarterback with incredibly wide shoulders and a ridiculously narrow waist. He was white, and blond, and light-eyed, although it was just dark enough that Tony couldn’t make out the exact coloring.
Thor shook his head. “I feared as much. I am afraid I do not know what he planned to do with blood magic, as there are far too many possibilities. My mother told me that blood taken by force is powerful in a spell, but that magic done with blood given freely can be almost unlimited. Intent is paramount – taking blood from a blow would allow him to use it for a longer time than if he extracted it from you with ill intent, for instance. Loki may very well have been able to alter your mind, or even his own appearance, if you had permitted him to take even a small amount of blood freely.”
body pillow. They ate, played, and worked out together (Steve had claimed that Tony was ‘scrawny’ which, true, but rude). When Tony was home from class they sat around in amicable company while he worked, and Steve occupied himself with things like drawing and painting, neither of which were as hampered by the claws as Tony would have expected. Hell, they spent most evenings messing around on Tony’s laptop or watching movies together, and most weekends taking on increasingly ambitious home improvement projects, and generally, you know,
“What I mean is,” he continued, managing to meet and hold Steve’s eye while ignoring his wavering voice. “You don’t have to stay in the condo if you don’t want to. You, uh, you have options, okay?”
Steve held out for as long as he could, but soon he was inching forward into the lee of their arms, pressing his chest against Tony’s to feel the vibrations of his deep voice. This put their faces a breath apart, cheek to cheek, and Tony turned his head slightly to brush his nose along the flushed skin of Steve’s cheekbone.
Then his gaze fell to Tony and the smile felt suddenly like embers desperate to burst into flame. Tony was beautiful like this: smiling and watching his friends dance wildly around the small room instead of watching what his hands were doing on the keys. The sound of the harpsichord was cheery and bright, and Tony’s face was aglow, and Steve forgot momentarily why he had been avoiding him.
“Oh, I know,” Obadiah replied absently, squeezing curiously at Tony’s bicep. “I have that vile sorcerer’s notes on that little spell of his. Yours as well, my boy. I must admit I’m curious. I’d imagine it to be excruciatingly painful, turning into a bird and back every day… that, of course, is why I know there is no point in asking for a voluntary donation. You’re as pig-headed as your father was – ah, it’s a shame you didn’t die with him in that crash. Wouldn’t that have just been so much easier?”
,” Natasha snarled as the hall flew into pandemonium behind them, and the man cringed. “You quivering rodent, how
“Steve will end you,” Tony wheezed through the grip on his throat, his mind wheeling with fear. “You
Tony visibly perked up as he ran his fingers over the keys of the instrument. “If you insist, Princess,” he said archly, before launching without warning into one of the spinning folk dances Bucky had given him the music for years and years earlier.
It was unmistakably Bucky lying on the ground; his hair far too short and light in color to be Tony’s, and his clothing too plain. Steve’s relief, however, gave way to a renewed panic when he saw how much blood there was on Bucky’s jerkin, and even his breeches. A moment later, Sam must have found no signs of spinal damage because he deftly levered his hands beneath Bucky’s shoulder, flipping him over.
She took Nia’s bags and led them into a giant, high-ceilinged lobby with marble floors and tall pillars. Another fountain stood in the center of the lobby, beneath a huge, domed skylight.
ready, Howie,” said Obie. “We’re closing in on Hydra’s primary base of operations, and we have to do something.”
With trembling hands, Steve grabbed Tony’s shoulders, his fingers digging into the soaking wet fabric of his shirt and grabbing it in two shaking fistfuls. “It’s really you,” he managed. His hands leapt up to grab Tony’s face, shamelessly staring, desperately roving over every detail of the man before him: from Tony’s messy beard to his sleepless, disbelieving eyes; chapped and cracked lips; his dark hair plastered back over the crown of his head. His thumb touched the stubborn jut of Tony’s chin, hidden beneath the thick, unkempt beard, then darted up to press against his lower lip.
“Ty,” Nia tried again, shifting back and forth on her feet. “Ty, just call the reporters off, please.”
She scanned the crowd for the front section, where the UNITY officials sat, but her parents still weren’t there.
"I can leave," she had answered, but she had given him a sharp look that she had learned from her mother, the one Maria always wore when she was disappointed.
“Steve!” Tony snapped, eyes wide in panic. His hand leapt forward to clamp around Steve’s thigh. “Nat will do the same with Bucky. I know that, I'm comfortable with that – surely you must know…?”
Tony pauses with one foot in the air, half-way out the door, then continues with an arch glance over his shoulder. “You aren’t even afraid of spiders, are you, you sneak?”
“I should go to bed,” Tony said, suddenly. He started moving a moment later, as though the command had suffered a long delay between his mouth and his legs.
“Well,” Yinsen said. “Your father says you’re quite the young engineer. I don’t imagine that would be impossible.”
“The fourth estate is protected,” Maria answered, shaking her head. “We fought long and hard to keep an intact press, after the war; we’ve got people like Osborn and Roxxon and Ross trying to shut them down.
Steve sighed. “Clint, go get the horses and bring them near. I don’t think Tony’s going to be up for much of a walk.”
The doctor turned to her. "You," he said, "are a precious gem. We are going to hold you ransom, and return you when our demands are met."
They were met at the door by a young woman, not much older than Nia herself. She had short, dark hair, and pale pink skin and a military air about her. Her uniform was freshly pressed and starched stiff.
Thor looked very confused at the entire debacle, turning to Steve beside him with raised eyebrows. “Is something the matter with Prince Tony?”
“We still have time. For you to leave, I mean. It’s still Halloween, right? People will still think you’re in costume. You can go. You can go anywhere you want. I’ll buy you a ticket, uh, cab’s probably not the best idea. I, uh, I don’t have a car but the bus is okay, you know, it’s one of those weird places where people just don’t give a shit, you can show up all… you. And it’ll be fine. It’ll be fine. You can go. Wherever you want. I can give you money. I’ll give you whatever you need, okay? You don’t have to worry. You don’t have to stay here if you don’t want to. You don’t have to—”
Two weeks later, and she had been about to start at the Academy. Suddenly, with the next step in her education approaching, and not looming somewhere in the distant future, she had started to become nervous about it, her chest tingling with apprehension at odd moments.
“It could very well be,” Thor agreed solemnly, and Clint swore viciously and turned to look at Sam as the other man retook his seat. “This is madness. Is this not madness?”
Jim’s car was a miracle of automotive engineering, a machine the two of them had built two summers before out of spare parts, salvaged scrap, and whatever else they could find. It had been their proudest achievement, getting that wreck to actually run, and not only run, but run better than anything on the market. Nia had, somewhat grandiosely, offered up her half of the car to Jim as his birthday gift.
“I’ll have you know I was up late doing Very Important Things,” Tony notes imperiously, and Steve’s smirk only grows wider.
She coughed and attempted to keep her eyes politely fixed above the hips, but it was a losing battle. She tried to focus on his face instead. He had a square jaw, high cheekbones, a strong, straight nose-- she knew that; she knew all that already. She'd seen his face a thousand times, on posters and in old newsreels, in her father's private photo collection.
Nia gave Obie a watery smile. “I’m half-hoping they give me something like...farming. Just to avoid it all. I just don’t have any idea what they’ll do.”
Obie dropped his grip on the photographer, pulled the film out of the camera and exposed it to the sunlight before he dropped the camera in the dirt and stomped on it with his heel. “
that? Is that--”  She swallowed, remembering what Ty had said, that his family wouldn’t allow any stories about her to be run.
It wasn't okay, but it was graduation. She was supposed to be an adult. She'd be leaving home as soon as she got her assignment, and it wasn't the first time her parents had missed something important. She sucked in a breath, straightened her cap, kissed Aunt Peggy on the cheek, and squared her shoulders, starting back for her friends.
Steve poked his curious head around the end of the wooden wall and was confronted with a sight he would likely never forget so long as he lived.
“Let her go!” snarled a man’s voice. She looked up-- it was Dr. Yinsen, who was aiming a gun at her captor.
Steve’s costume. He was wearing Steve’s costume, and he was standing where Steve had been, and he was claiming to be Steve. There was still no damn way this was his Steve.
After a few moments, Steve recovered somewhat from the sight of Tony lying there, motionless in the water, and staggered over to the bank of the creek. He collapsed to his own knees opposite Thor, slumped on the other side of the bird, and he gently brushed a knuckle along the side of Tony’s face. “Tony,” he called, emotion clogging his throat. “Please, Tony, please. Don’t do this, you can’t give up now, please.” He stroked the length of Tony’s long neck, then what he thought must be his shoulder, before running lower over his sternum – and finding something sticking out of Tony’s feathered breast. Gently, he rolled Tony sideways so that he and the others could see the hilt of a dagger sticking out of almost the dead center of his chest, just to the side of his breastbone.
'Do you want me to stay?', Steve asks quietly, like he is afraid of startling Tony. He can see that the blond had cried, his eyes are still glassy and the rim of them is red. He pulls himself together for Tony's sake, so he wouldn't feel worse about today than he does.
He is apprehensive. This is obviously not how he imagined Tony reacting to this outrageous news. Maybe he had thought he would have to console Tony, maybe talk some sense into him. But obviously he wasn't prepared for pure rage. 'Tony..', he tries in a calmer tone, reminding himself to stay calm and not get into a fight over this.
'Cause it's none of their business. And I didn't do anything special.', he says, deflecting the admiration as usual. Tony moves a little as if uncomfortable but Steve holds him closer.
Tony frowns, walking back to the living room. 'What for? If you had needed help, you could have called me. Pep might have dumped a month worth of work on me but my family is a little bit more important.', he clarifies in case it hadn't been clear. Because of the extended vacation because of Steve's injury and the resulting need to take care of the family and his husband, Tony had let a lot of his work slide. But if that meant neglecting his family, he couldn't care less about his work.
Tony grins, leaning on the workbench with his hip. 'Sure. I'm almost done here. If you give me five minutes, I'll meet you in the gym.'
'I think we should talk first. Listen, about yesterday... That really worked out badly.', Steve starts immediately, ignoring Tony's silent wish for more time.
"I'm volatile, self-obsessed and work-obsessed, don't play well with others, text book narcissistic, alcoholic," Tony listed off almost immediately, and Steve started to shake his head.
Here he was, waiting for Steve to come up, new butterflies being born inside of his stomach every two seconds. The day before, after getting back from SI, he had paid the kitchen staff a generous holiday bonus if they would teach him how to make some easy for dinner. The two head chefs, (one for entrees, the other for desserts), had instantly grinned at him, asking if he was trying to impress his new beau.
"Clint filled me in, actually," Phil told him. Tony glanced over at him and saw that he was looking pretty tired himself. He was dressed in jeans, a solid black tee with a black jacket over it, and his glasses. Tony still found them kind of odd. "He and Natasha are on their way back to the Tower."
When Tony got to the door, he slid his hand up for the scanner, and the door opened almost immediately. Tony almost lost his footing, but caught himself on a nearby table. He cursed under his breath. How long had the core been like this? His feet slipped, and Tony let himself sink to the ground, putting his back against his desk, closing his eyes and taking deep breaths.
Tony looked at Peter, and his son looked back up at him, brown eyes, red rimmed, sad, but his expression was suddenly resolute. "He hurt Mama," Peter said with as much conviction as a six-year-old could muster up. "You're a superhero, and he's a bad man."
“Mmmmm,” Mary tapped her chin, humming loudly. “I don’t know. Maybe I can help if you tell me where you’re going.”
“And that’s why Jamie and I are spending the night down on Mama and Phil’s home?” Peter asked, watching Tony put the tie back on.
“What about your half-sister?” Steve asked, remembering the couple of time they had talked about her.
“What do you mean he left?” Steve asked with a frown. “Did Julie come to get him?” They were both positive that that wasn’t the case.
When Bucky and Meg had volunteered to stay back, for the sake of Peter’s party, Tony could see the disappointment roll off of Steve. Disappointment in his team members.
"Yeah! Let's do that!" Peter was hopping a little, and Tony grunted silently as the air was pushed form his lungs. "He really likes chim-chimi-chimicha-"
Tony stared at the message. That was the one who was responsible for all of this, for what happened to Mary. Tony should be thinking about the others who had been caught in the collapse, but right now, he and peter needed Mary.
“Why did you let them take this challenge?” She asked, slipping down to sit next to Tony now. They were having team training after the game, and she was eager to see how Steve handled the newcomers.
The two men eventually fell into a comfortable silence, both checking their phones for updates every so often. Tony glanced up when William walked back out with Peter. "We're going to go down to the cafeteria," he announced.
With one of the options, Tony was going to be taking a risk, and not just with his safety, which he wasn't concerned about as much. He was Iron Man, his suit would protect him. If there was a chance that it could go bad quick, he couldn't chance it, but Tony didn't have much of a choice.
Tony slowly blinked his eyes open and turned his head to look up. They were on the couch in Steve's living room, both laying out on it, a blanket around Tony. Tony found that his back was against Steve's chest, and he was damn comfortable. "Trying to salvage the date?" Steve hummed, nodding a little. "Why am I laying on you?"
"Who is this?" She asked after a couple of seconds, and Steve could imagine that she thought that he was going to be the next guy to show up on the news, right next to this George character.
"We might finally be getting somewhere," Steve agreed. "I'm getting real tired of this dragging out, putting more people at risk." He leaned against Tony's shoulder, both skimming through the information.
Second before he jumped to his feet, Steve was able to see three people still in the room, and he heard footsteps fading away down some steps. He was in the air, slamming his shield into the back of one of the men and used the momentum to plant both feet on the chest of another. A gun shot flew past him as he landed on his feet, and he threw his shield to make contact with the last man’s stomach and to ricochet back.
"I'm sorry," Tony panted out, sliding out of the bed, stumbling on his feet. He couldn't breathe. "Sorry, I'm sorry," he kept repeating, looking around the room. Where was he? He couldn't remember. Blue walls, drawings all over. Peter, this was Peter's room. Tony's head whipped around, looking for the little boy, but didn't see him. "Peter," Tony panted, stumbling past Rachel, heading for the door. He didn't hear the woman calling his name behind him. He needed to find Peter.
Bruce and Jarvis confirmed that the portal had disappeared just under two minutes after Tony had gone through it. That would have been the same time that Steve was running down the stairs, afraid that he might find Tony on the ground after falling over eight hundred feet.
"If you're there, I'll try," Tony told him, bring his hand down to kiss his palm. "Go on, go check on baby girl." Steve kissed him one more time before leaving the living room for Jamie's room.
"Except we were all gone," Steve said, a little frown marring his brows. "And he would have known that, the news would have been reporting it."
"He told me that he'd always look out for Peter, like we look out for him and his Mom." Tony hopped up on the counter, swinging his legs while Steve finished in the shower. "Said he'd make it up to him for all the help I was giving his Mom, and for watching him. I wasn't sure if I should be incredibly depressed that he wanted to put a value on help, or smile because it was super sweet."
“Good. So uh, and Jamie lives with us, and maybe it would be a good idea if I helped her learn names and stuff, too.” Steve could hear the shyness in his voice, could hear that there was something else, so he let Peter talk it out. “Like, we can both say Daddy, and, maybe I can call you something else than Mr Steve. Don’t want her calling you that and everything.” Steve put a hand on Peter’s back, using his fingers to gentle massage the tension from his shoulders. “Can I call you something else, like, like Papa, like Jamie will?”
There was a pause, a beat of silence, then Mary started laughing, throwing her hands over her mouth when she started to get too loud. Steve just watched her, waiting for her to be done.
Tony landed on the platform, the suit dismantling around him as he walked, keeping an eye on Loki. He was going to kill him, pure and simple. He could get the bracelets for the Mark VII that were on the bar, then he would have a back up weapon when he pure, and unadulterated fury didn't do the job. As he walked into the penthouse, he could hear Peter's soft sniffles, and Tony felt his body alight with a renewed anger.
"Pretty sure that I could stand to use one of the toilets in this bathroom, actually," she quipped with a slight tremble in her voice, but she wasn't about to back down.
Steve pulled back a couple centimeters, still feeling Tony's hand on the back of his neck. "I don't mean to push-" Tony pulled him back down, kissing him again, drawing a soft moan from Steve when he started to pull on Steve's bottom lip with his teeth.
Wade Wilson believed that he was the epitome of sneaky. His Mom was taking a nap, and there were still several hours before he could do a video chat with Peter while he was gone on vacation. Jarvis kept him from going down to the gym to watch the Avengers that were in the Tower train, and he wasn’t allowed in Peter’s Mom’s place while they were doing ‘work stuff’. Something about classified information, or some such nonsense.
"Well, I've still got a couple weeks to think about it." Tony ran his hand through Peter's hair again. "You need a haircut kiddo."
Steve walked into the lab and Saw Bruce standing by the scepter, but Tony was looking at something else. Something that had nothing to do with Loki or the cube. Steve bristled a little with more anger. Did Tony really bring one of his experiments on board? Did he really thing that was more important?
Tony took a breath, pressing his cheek to Peter's head, closing his eyes. He took a second to just take in the moment, of his son in his arms. This was real, he was there, Peter was okay. He was breathing, asleep in his arms, and he was going to be okay. Tony would give anything to make sure that nothing else would happen to Peter, that nothing else would make him scared. A wave of terror swept over him and he opened his eyes. He couldn't help but feel that he was in over his head again, that he was going to mess everything up. Mary needed to wake up so that Tony didn't have to go through this alone, he couldn't raise Peter alone, he wasn't equipped to handle it.
Steve waves at his friends who already sit on a table outside in the sunshine when they come into view. They are greeted more or less warmly. Tony immediately takes a seat next to Bruce, snatching one of his fries.
Barton was too riled up to see what was happening though. Natasha was keeping Bucky’s attention, eyes flickering over to see what had suddenly caught Steve. The archer moved with Steve, both getting closer to Tony. Loki moved to stand by Dr Strange, now watching with curiosity. “You can’t just ignore us, it doesn’t work like this.”
“You’re gonna stay here,” Steve answered automatically, hugging Wade a little tighter. He knew that this was probably something that Wade should be talking to his mother about, but he didn’t have the heart to turn the boy away right now, not when he needed this comfort. And apparently wanted it from Steve. “Your mom and Tony talked about it. They made sure, that before, there was no way that you would have to go back to your dad. Tony would be your legal guardian, and you’ll stay here with us, with Peter.” He rubbed circles on Wade’s back, feeling a touch of wetness soaking through his shirt as Wade let out some tears. “That’s not going to happen for a long time, though, Wade. Not for a while.” Steve closed his eyes briefly, thinking how he shouldn’t be having a conversation like this with such a young kid; talking about the eventualities.
"Stark!" Tony started to cackle when Mary's mother turned a light glare on him. Steve rolled his eyes fondly. Yeah, he was pretty happy right where he was.
"You have some nice digs." Steve sat up on his elbows when he heard Sam's voice. "Living in style under Stark's roof."
She chuckled and nodded. "Thank you, Tony. I'll be sure to stick around, since I know Wade won't want to leave."
"You did in fact not tell me," he said, pinching her arm a little bit. "You now work for the agency with too many names?"
Bruce shook his head, setting his tablet down on a higher table, away from Jamie. "No, I was just looking for Tony. He had Jarvis take some scans of Barnes' arm, and I thought he might to look at some of them."
"Not my boyfriend," Natasha said as Tony knocked twice, then opened the door to the room. Clint was perched, almost like a bird, on the top of the couch in Coulson's room, with the man himself finishing his tie in the mirror.
"Just what we need though, one more person to look out for." Tony let out a little sigh. "I don't know if we have to worry about them coming here, though." Steve raised an eyebrow at him. "When I was escaping the compound, they caught up with me just before I got outside. I'm not exactly sure what happened, but they let me leave."
Tony looked at Steve with big eyes, like a kid at Christmas. "You cannot yell at me for testing on a pregnant woman if she volunteers for it! She's already checked with her doctor about her health, I'm making a liability waiver."
"What does this Wilson look like?" Bucky asked and a holographic screen was projected a few feet away. He took a step backwards, the only sign that it might have caught him off guard, studied the picture.
"You are too young to be embarrassed by us kissing," Tony exclaimed, pulling a little smile from the baby. "She is her Papa's daughter, that is for sure."
“They wanted Jamie and me,” Tony told him. “That’s why they distracted you with that fight.” Steve frowned, reaching up, fingers hovering over the bandage on the side of Tony’s head. “We’re all focused on looking for the rest of Hydra, and they make their move to try and round up the research on cloning, and the serum.”
The Hulk let out an angry, sad, roar, the ground shaking under Steve with the sound of it. And then, a gasp for breath.
“I don’t think he ever ‘scorned’ her,” Mary told him. “I’m not sure Peter is capable of scorning anyone who didn’t deserve it.”
“Did you even talk to them? Or did you leave them locked away? Maybe they would have held on if you had told them that you were still looking for him, maybe they would have come out.” Peggy let out a sigh that Tony had only heard when she was upset, or disappointed.
“Liberal Arts.” Tony threw his arms up, rolling his eyes. Peter save him from more dramatic when he ran back in the room. “Ah! It’s Master Kenobi!”
When Steve got back to his apartment he went to his study, the files on the desk. Peggy's file had been moved to the side. He had gone through her file just after Christmas, which really wasn't the best time of year, but he couldn't help himself. He had needed time to really digest what he had read, happy that she had had the chance to have a family, to live her life, but it was still hard. He hadn't been able to go through the other files yet, not sure if he could handle it. Today though, he was going to try again.
"Jerk." Steve pushed his shoulder then put a container in his hand and set some wrapped cookies on top. "Those are your leftovers, for you and Meg. I want that container back."
“Rhodey, sourpatch, pooh bear,” Tony pleaded over the phone. “Do they not understand that it’s a holiday? It’s my boyfriend’s birthday.” He could practically hear Rhodey rolling his eyes. “This man’s birthday is the best birthday to happen to me. Do you know why?”
“And that’s how I found my way here.” Tony had taken his glasses off, folding them up in his hands, and looking at Danielle. She only continued to look back at him, her face carefully neutral. “Are you sure that you haven’t treated any other superheroes? You’re awfully good at this.”
Tony's hands came up, fingers curling around Steve's head, cupping his temples, sliding into his hair, and he tried to pull Steve closer. The clothes were too much for Tony, too much moving, rubbing, feeling. His hands moved again, pushing against Steve's shirt first. He gave a higher pitched noise of pleasure when his hands were reward with the defined shape of a bare chest. They had to break the kiss, but Tony could forgive it this one time as not only Steve's shirt came off, but Steve had pulled Tony's shirt off as well.
"I've got the basics down, so no worries there," he flashed her a smile. Jamie reached one hand out to touch his lips. "Ma would have loved you." He gently lowered her back down to a sitting position and grabbed the socks. "I might not get everything right at first, so a little patience, but I'll never stop trying. It's kind of my MO, being a superhero and all. Which is another weird thing. I don't think of myself as a superhero, I'm just someone who wanted to make a difference, and stop bullies, and right now that means making a difference in your life."
"It could be for all we know," Clint grumbled out. He still held his bow in his hand, poised for a fight if he needed it. Natasha turned, forcing his shoulder with hers, and they both left.
“She’s very soft,” Tony said shyly, glancing down at Vee. She bounced a little on her front legs, seeming to smile at him. “I like her, I just wanted to help.”
“So far,” Tony started after the elevator door closed. “This date is better than our first. We’ve actually made it to the elevator, and it isn’t an Avengers call out.”
Tony walked through the living room, then stopped to look out at the water. It was calmer than he’d ever seen it, the sliver of moonlight reflecting off the surface, giving it a dark blue color. He leaned his arm against the glass, then leaned his forehead on his arm. It had been a few years since he’d been back at the Malibu mansion, but it was exactly as he had left it when they moved to New York.
"Yeah, a couple of lab monkeys were wandering around, and they found some left over files about some experiments, and a couple of samples." Tony slipped his shoes off, dropping them on the floor at the end of the bed. "Bruce has all that now, trying to parse through what the experiments were. So far, nothing about that energy disruptor."
“You concern is touching.” Tony rolled his eyes. He grabbed a knife, pointing it in Loki’s direction. “There really isn’t much that’s stopping me from calling up the suit and blasting your face in.”
In true Tony Stark fashion, he hacked through the quinjets speaker system when he saw that Romanoff was inside. He needed an entrance, he wanted Loki to remember who was coming for him. It had distracted and drawn Loki's attention, but it had also attracted the attention of Captain America, whom he had not been expecting to be there.
“Thank you!” Peter said before running back over and taking Tony’s hand. “Now we have to find Flynn and Rapunzel.”
"Are you still his Handler even if he's part of the Avengers?" Tony turned in his seat to face her. "He's like a free agent now, isn't he? Do I have to start getting managers and agents, non-shield agents?" Mary rolled her eyes at him. "Okay, but seriously, we're the only three here to eat this, and you're making a crap ton of food. Food from my kitchen."
"J, bring up the plans for the Mark IV suit," Tony said, spinning a bit on the stool. "Let's start putting him through baby's first steps." Tony had some time to kill before it was time to get the boys from school, he could work on the suits.
We've come to the end! This is the last chapter to this story, but worry not fine readers, the sequel (Proof of Concept) will follow up quickly, by the weekend. I would like to thank everyone who's read this, who's left kudos and likes, and comments, and followed along on this crazy ride. This is by far one of the longest stories I've written, and it's not done, probably not close. At first this took me out of my regular comfort zone, but I quickly fell in a groove, and everyone responded incredibly. My plans changed several times through out this story, and you guys kept Mary Parker alive. That's right, she was originally not going to survived the first couple chapters of this story, but now, I can't imagine this story without her. Expect more one-shots, more extra fics, and if there is anything that anyone would like to see let me hear about it! (megaranoelle.tumblr.com) I know of one thing coming soon. :D
Up on the roof he saw that Bucky had tackled someone just before they were about to jump to the next building, and they were grappling with each other. Tony ran over as Bucky pushed down on the person's shoulder, growling. It was a man dress in Army camo gear. Before either of them could say anything though, the man smirked, looked at Tony, then moved his jaw and cracked his teeth down on something.
“Are you trying to set me up for failure?” Steve tried to pout at him, but then Jamie’s little hands were pulling on his bottom lip. Tony had to cover his mouth before laughing loudly.
"If you get all your homework done before bedtime tomorrow, then I think that you can have a sleepover with Daddy." Peter whooped and Steve couldn't help but chuckle with Mary.
Steve waited for Mary, after dropping Peter off at Wade's house, wanting to catch her alone. A week after his initial search, he had the proof he needed, and now he needed to talk to Mary. Waiting int he hall, he caught her eye and motioned to his apartment. She raised an eyebrow, but followed him over, shutting the door.
"I couldn't afford college when I was younger, but I took the classes that the community centers would offer," Steve started to explain. "I caught up a bit with the internet, and Mary pointed me in the direction of some more classes two years ago."
"-unlimited power. And for what?" Loki's voice again. Was he still talking? "A warm light for all mankind to share?" Was he making a crack at Tony's efforts? It's what Howard was planning to do with the tesseract. "And then to be reminded what real power is."
"Little bit of both." As Mary walked closer to the living room she saw the phone that was balanced on his knee. "I'm trying to pick good songs, as well as ones with cheeky titles. I think we can safely guess that he's never going to listen to these songs."
“Babe,” Tony murmured, a small smile on his face. “I know that this feels wrong coming from my mouth, and that really, you should be saying this too me-“
“Not funny, J,” he muttered when the face plate flew in, hitting the edge of the door and flailing to the ground. Steve was raising an eyebrow, expression unamused. The plate lifted, unfolding, and seemed to be having a stare down with Tony. “Come on, let’s go then.” It whirled in the air and Tony took a step forward, jumping up and using a boot and a gauntlet to flip himself to catch the upside down plate. He landed on the ground, one knee down, slamming a fist onto the floor, watching the HUD spring to life inside the helmet. He stood back up and smirked, even though no one could see it. “I’ve been working on a new suit,” he said as the face plate lifted up like usual. “Autonomous prehensile propulsion suit. I’ve got micro-repeaters-“ He caught the blank look of Steve, Bucky, and Sam and twitched his nose. “I’ve got micro implants under my skin that calls to the suit, so it goes where I want it to go.”
“No, that’s called conditioning.” She picked up her tablet from the coffee table. “Training even, like you do with a new pet.”
Three days after the press conference, Tony collapsed face first on his mattress. It was late, and Jarvis had locked him out of his workshop for the rest of the night. Steve had insisted on actually going out now, with the rest of the Avengers, sans Bruce, to help in the city. He said he was still going to help Tony with the Tower, but they would be able to help more with removing left over alien corpses, and rubble and debris. One good thing about all the extra work was that he could keep avoiding the talking thing with Steve. Once Tony got home he would immediately find Peter, and Wade most of the time, and spend time with him. When the boys were asleep, Tony would sneak downstairs to the workshop to put in some work into the Tower re-model.
Tony walked in and pushed the door shut, heading for the living room where Wade had gone back, too. Meg was laying out on the couch, this time with the pink hair that Steve had mentioned last week, casually pulling the skin off of an orange, while Peter and Wade sat on the floor with their homework. Tony glanced at the time on his watch. Not even four pm. The boys never worked on their homework until at least five.
“I’m not your enemy in this one, Captain,” he said simply. He looked a little ruffled, but he also didn’t look like he was the guilty party. Which was impressive for the dark haired man. He then turned and headed up the rest of the stairs, Steve following a quick pace.
“Obviously, Meg started the series over for you to watch, because that’s an old episode that I know she would have seen,” Tony tried to piece out.
“Ha!” William grinned, putting his arm around Rachel’s shoulders. “I’ve learned to never get in the way of either of these women. You’ll learn soon enough, Tony.”
Tony looked at him, then gave a nod. He knew that Steve was right, they did need to have a plan. They were the Avengers, Steve was kind of the official leader, and they were dealing with a lot. Hydra topped that list by far, what with their experiments, probably their hunt for Jamie and possibly Bucky, and their supposed interest in Meg. They couldn't be sure that they hadn't already tried approaching her, so that was something they would have to figure out. Tony needed to read through Howard's journal just so he could see what kind of information they still had, and he needed to puzzle out how much they knew about the Serum in his own veins.
"The smart kind." Bucky inched forward and stole a cookie from the ones that were going to put in a jar. "Punk."
"Let's go inside, and we'll learn all about Captain America, and the mighty Howling Commandos." Tony grinned as Peter squealed with excitement.
“Well, Wade already left for the day.” Both Bucky and Steve straightened a little. “I thought you would have known that.”
"I think world shaping situations have a tendency to make someone feel that way," Tony commented. "I didn't find out much where I was, a few comments in passing, but what exactly happened to SHIELD?" He knew what he read from Howard's journal, but he was hoping that maybe Steve would tell him something different.
Obadiah and Howard had instituted a rule long ago, that no personal pokemon were allowed outside of their pokeballs, so Vee wasn’t allowed to see the inside of Stark Industries. She didn’t like it when Tony went to the business, didn’t like that she wasn’t allowed to try and stop the influence that the two men were trying to push onto Tony, to pull him away from her.
"I was held in captivity for three months," Tony turned to face him. "I had to traumatize my PA into hooking up my new arc reactor," he tapped the new model to emphasize his point, "and-"
"You acted like you knew him, Steve," Tony threw in. "Which, I really don't want to think about any possible implications that you hired a hit on me. I haven't updated the Will to include you yet."
None of the press that was camped outside of the mansion took two glances at Rhodey's pick-up when it left, and when it eventually came back. They knew Lt Col Rhodes, they knew that he wouldn't answer any questions that Tony Stark, or Obidiah Stane, hadn't already answered. No, they wanted to see the man himself.
A disbelieving laugh is all the answer he gets for some seconds. It startles him but Steve reaches for the hand on his face, holding it right there. 'I do hope so.', he says then, as serious as he had been before. He pulls Tony into a close hug, not caring about his own injuries which probably still hurt. It seems to last forever, Tony just hangs on, not sure what this is all about but suspecting the very worst. When Steve pulls back he looks deep into Tony's eyes like he sees him for the first time in his life. It feels something akin to a farewell. 'Sit down.', Steve says eventually, pointing at the sofa. He lets go of Tony to retrieve some of the documents that rest at the side of his day's work.
By the time the new day begins Tony emerges from the lab. It's been a long night and more than one fused wiring can tell the tale of a very distracted and upset Tony. Dum-E will probably refuse to talk to him for a week or so the way Tony yelled at him. The inventor already feels horrible because of it, not that he could have changed his behavior. The whole talk with Steve had upset him to no end. It's a fortunate thing that there had been no booze around the Tower for years. It had taken all he had to not track down Barnes immediately and kill him.
He is through with this. They can get together on their own or not at all. He doesn't care anymore. And if he is pouting, well then, so be it. It's not as if anyone can see him.
Tony sighs. 'I messed up, that's what happened. Thought it's just a quick reconnaissance mission, didn't think they were waiting for us. I tried to get him out but that didn't work. We fell. Then there was that explosion and then..', he rambles, barely able to get the words out as quick as they come.
The blond is rewarded by a shout seconds later. 'Back here, sweetie.' Steve wades through the gadgets that litter the floor and tables of Tony's workshop, things and projects he had started on but hadn't come around to finish yet. Dum-E greets Steve with a whir as soon as he gets into view and zooms over. Steve pats him, knowing how much the robot loves the affection. It had been a project of Tony when he was still in college, a very rudimentary artificial intelligence and nothing compared to Jarvis who watches over the whole penthouse. When Tony had installed him (of course before even asking Steve's permission or actually mentioning that he created a fully functional AI) Steve had to get used to the idea of being watched 24 hours a day. Now it is as normal as breathing to ask Jarvis to turn the music up or dim the lights or get Tony his morning coffee ready.
A month ago, Hydra had taken over SHIELD and had attempted to kill a rather big part of the world population. Steve had only barely been able to take them out and had almost paid with his life for that. There had been more luck involved than Tony felt comfortable with. He still blames himself for not ignoring Steve's direct wish to stay out of it all and flying down there to help him. None of this would have happened then.
Tony swallows when the first drops of rain hit his windshield. It doesn't take him long to reach a decision. 'You want to come with us?', he asks. Barnes hesitates. 'You can go whenever you want.', Tony adds, knowing that he wouldn't get in otherwise. The man in black contemplates the offer. Finally he nods again. Tony pushes the passenger door open, waiting for Barnes to get into the car. James and Maria watch the stranger closely while he climbs into the car, not yet sure about him. Tony restarts the engine after giving them an encouraging smile. It'll be alright.
'No, I can't.', he lets Barton know. He looks down at his latest project. 'I don't want to risk the friendship we have.', he admits quietly. As if Barton wouldn't know that much, he thinks angrily.
It's the unspoken rule of the household to not bring up anything related to Tony's parents or Steve's friend. There is no real fight about it, just an underlying anger at the other for not understanding.
'I'll let you know that I am a genius.', he says loudly, cuddling closer to Steve in the process. The blond wraps his arm around Tony's midsection, pulling him closer.
'Not as good as before, but yeah.', he confirms, patting the bed at his side for Natasha to sit down.
Tasha glares at him from across the table but keeps quiet when Steve throws a pleading glance at her. He doesn't want a fight between them right now. He has to write his thesis after all and can't deal with a sulking Tony who'd be hurt more by Tasha's comments than he would let on.
The anxious call rings through the long, sterile white hallway. The doctors and nurses of the SHIELD hospital at the east coast of America startle at the loud shouting when a man clad in metal comes running into the facility, carrying a second man who is bleeding all over the floor. He clearly is in distress about the man in his arms. Tony has his face plate flipped up and is looking down at Bucky who is losing far too much blood.
Steve smiles. They both know Tony gives a great deal of what other people think of him though he prefers to pretend otherwise. He goes to great length to hide that he cares, afraid that this caring would be misused and he would end up hurt again.
'They are in the garden, playing.', Laura says as if she can read his thoughts. Tony nods and heads off to the the living room.
As it had been there were a lot of parties, a lot of alcohol, a lot of women and men involved to get past the initial phase of grief. A lot of the months following his mother's death are a haze. He barely remembers any of it.
'Oh, please. What is fun about shooting arrows at a target?', Tony asks, voice full of boredom. He pokes at his food, looking like he is disgusted by its very existence. He had downed the coffee on the other hand as soon as he had had it in his hand.
Steve doesn't turn on the light when he enters the bed room that night. The regular breathing of Tony reaches his ears when he strips down to his boxers and carefully slides into bed as to not startle the other man. Tony lies on his side, not moving when Steve makes himself comfortable spooning the brunet.
He hadn't told Steve about their shadow either. If Barnes would want to get in contact with Steve, he would have already done so ages ago. Steve would press him too much anyway. The blond wants the person known for decades as the Winter Soldier to be his Bucky again, something Tony knows is impossible.
'They shot us down. I was injured, a branch had breached the armor.' He points down at his stomach where it is bandaged up. The wound is deep but the painkillers keep him from feeling anything. 'Hit nothing vital. Barnes must have been nearly unconscious by then. He was bleeding all over the floor, there was nothing I could do about it. He took the brunt of our impact. I got up from the ground, glad that we had put some distance between us. I helped Barnes to stand up as well, then dragged him in the general direction where I had seen a house. Probably their hideout but better than nothing. I hoped to find something there that could assist us. Anything. Maybe a radio or something else to boost the signal of the suit so that I could call for backup. It seemed to take forever to get there. I could hear them hunting us like dogs. Barnes looked bad, I- I found myself hoping he would pass out. I can't imagine in what pain he must have been there. Finally we reached that house, a big warehouse-like thing. I managed to blast one of the doors open and drag Barnes inside. The suit's power supplies failed partly so I had to pull him and my suit with me. I didn't want to leave him behind, told him so when he asked. I don't leave a teammate with those people. Apparently they had been waiting outside for us because no one seemed to be inside though that changed pretty quickly as they detected our traces to their main quarters.'
Out of the corner of his eye he can see Barnes standing up from his silent vigil, then he is gone from his field of vision. He is checking out Tony's reaction, that much is clear, to he how close he can get without the inventor freaking out.
'I want you back but I don't know how to do that.', Steve admits. He hugs Tony close as if afraid to lose him. Tony hugs him right back, feeling equally relieved and afraid. 'And-'
'Not particularly. You know me and hospitals aren't great friends.', Tony says, keeping his voice light.
'Yeah, douchebag, whom did you expect?' Tony speaks and signs at the same time, then places his bag on Barton's bed, flopping down on the chair next to him.
Tony pauses for a moment, gathering his thoughts. 'We never reached that hillside. Suddenly the hill was swarming with AIM agents. I could barely get my shields up before they started firing. They had.. weapons they didn't have before. The likes I have never seen before. I could feel the impact right through the armor.' Tony looks in the direction of his destroyed armor which rests in the corner. The blast holes are still clearly visible.
'He stayed home. A lot of work that needs to be done.', Steve answers, looking straight ahead as if that would take the sting out of the words.
'You're early.', Barton greets him, a cheeky smile on his face. 'Already done with your evening alone?' He suggestively wriggles his eyebrows. 'Not that I want details.', he assures, stepping aside to let Tony aside.
'Tony?' Steve seems to know what his prolonged silence means. There is a hand on his face, turning it away from the pictures of the Hydra soldiers to look at his husband. He draws back as if Tony's skin burned him suddenly. He must see the rage and fury in the brown eyes.
'They were everywhere. We decided to make a dash for it. I thought we'd die right there. I don't know how he managed to withstand those blasts. I picked him up and wanted to fly us out of there but there were too many shots in the air. We would have gotten hit. I had to land near an abyss. At least we had none of them in our backs I thought.' Tony stays quiet for a moment, likely lost in the scenes and moments that followed.
Steve pulls him closer, as if that would still be possible. 'I know you can't help me find him, I don't expect that. But I gotta try. Please understand that. That doesn't mean I don't know how much pain he has caused you. But I owe my life to him, the least I can do is try to repay that.' There is a long pause in which he waits for Tony's reply. 'Okay?'
'What happened?', Natasha asks with half a back glance to the open door which Clint quickly closes to grant them all some privacy. The doctors and nurses are all SHIELD though, it's not as if they'd pry on the Avengers. Either way, they just took a quick look at the team, then withdrew, knowing better than to annoy them in a time of mourning.
'Whatever it is, we can work it out.', Tony promises when he traces the circles under Steve's eyes. When was the last time the soldier had a decent night's sleep? He had had a lot of nightmares lately and had always left bed before sunrise as far as Tony can tell.
Tony hasn't forgotten about his parents and neither will he anytime soon. Steve knows that as well so he lets him be in his anger and resentment. He is neither going to stand down and give up on Bucky.
