“What!” Tony flushed and looked away. “I’m sexy; adorable is for small fluffy animals and children.”
Peter didn't go to the tower; he didn't want to talk to his dad in the workshop near any explosive materials. He knew his Pop would be at the mansion, their home away from the city, Steve liked to go there to think and paint when he wasn't on call for a mission.
Brown eyes narrowed on the older man, “Follow me,” Stark lead the man down the north side of the tower and in through a keypad locked door on the ground floor, into an elevator.  “Alright, you have until this bucket gets to the top of the building and back down again to tell me what this has got to do with Steve.”
His shoulders dropped minutely before straightening back up, held so tightly it looked like he'd snap in two and for a moment...for a moment his skin didn't look so glowing. She knew then this wasn't the Loki she was talking to but a carefully crafted mask. Bruce's words filter over her subconscious... '
“It's good to talk about it, as much as I can anyway.” Barnes said shrugging his shoulders. He had been getting better at talking about how he felt. Not only about the war and his time as the Winter Soldier- but other things as well. Like how he felt about being alive in a world where all of his family had already died and the world around him wasn't at all like what he remembered. Granted, he at least had bits and pieces of the decades he'd missed along the way. Steve had been more than willing to listen and ruminate over the past. “I just want to be there for him ya know. I wasn't before and that's on me. I wanna be better for him.”
Until they did, sitting in a room full of people all looking as lost as he was in their patient pajamas and slippers. Each set of wild eyes staring around at the others and thinking. 'you don't get it.'
Tony held his hands out trying to project his movements, “hey, sweetheart can you take my hand? I need your help, can you help me?” Giving Steve a task seemed like a good plan. It was the best he could come up with at the moment to try to help and still give Steve some control.
T’Challa was thinking now, Vision wasn’t in the palace so for the King it was very easy to guess where was the android. Vision left for Latvria as Peter did. That was a true mess but Vision would not create a diplomatic incident. Latvria seemed to be the best option for Tony and when the genius would wake up, T’Cahlla would ask to be forgiven for leaving him in Siberia and chatting more with him.
“Ah your love” said Bucky with a smirk” He was really pretty when i saw him during the Civil War, well before beating him and leaving him in Siberia”
“Doom will allow you to stay in his castle as a guest of honour. Tony’s child is more than welcome here” said Doom after a moment “ You can stay until Tony is better.”
Stephen sat back on his chair with a sigh of relief. Doom was not going to hurt Tony. He smiled ironically, a villain was more concerned about Tony’s well-being that his supposed teammates. Thor sat back on his chair as well, he wasn’t very reassured but he needed to have faith. Charles was looking around the room concerned, his husband wasn’t here anymore, he had pretexted an emergency but Charles knew his husband and he was sure that his beloved was on his way to Doom’s Castle
Thanos was beyond furious since the disappearance of his soul stone. He killed a lot of his guards in his rage. As for now, he was sitting on his chair, commanding the pilot to fly toward the earth. If his soul stone couldn’t see his worth, well he was going to destroy an entire planet for his stone to see his power and his worth.
“Yes I feel better without this entity in my head,” said Vision coming through the wall “Thank you, princess Shuri”
“You are in the most advanced country of earth, be respectful” snapped Rhodey furious “They can easily save Tony” added Bruce
And with just this sentence, he was off, flying toward the palace. Stephen watched the god of Thunder leave, and gently helped Peter stand up before walking toward the palace. Everyone who where outside, came inside. Thor was running in the corridor with his precious man of iron in his arms. He entered inside the medbay and deposed his precious load on a bed and let the medics do their job. Shuri was already inside the room, ready to help Tony.
“Anthony is very strong and a mighty warrior, fear not Peter, he will wake up again” boomed Thor with a smile stilling holding Tony’s hand.
“Well he is my best friend” smiled Carol “ He is really nice and funny but be aware he is not from here”
“ I’m not talking about Doom but Tony’s team, I want to murder mister perfect teeth and that damn bird” answered Logan stopping his carnage
“Yes and he is very virulent about people who were behind Tony during the civil war” answered Rhodey again.
Tony bowed respectfully at the King and winked at Stephen, before following Okoye. Stephen watched the stranger leave, well he was watching his bottom more, that butt was on point. A bit like Tony. After a moment T’Challa ended the meeting, leaving everyone at the occupation.
Thor saw the hands cover with metal. He sighed before telling Eitri that everything he made, was inside his head. Eitri smiled and asked them to follow him. He showed them the mold
“Rhodey” replied Logan simply “Tony would be better without that shitty team. Let’s make him join the x-men, I really want to protect him and pass more time with him”
“You can have both, you will never lose Aunt May or the memories of your parents, and having a father figure is always nice you know” smiled Stephen sweetly
“Well we need a plan, we can’t create a diplomatic incident as I previously said,” said Charles trying to calm the god
Erik was looking at the window, lost in his thoughts. Doom had explained everything about this Hammer. He was beyond furious and was already preparing a way to torture him painfully.
“We are very sorry for this but this guy seems to be unstoppable,” said Okoye appearing behind him looking furious
Tony was walking fast in the corridor, not wanting to be let for the dinner with the awesome wizard. He entered inside the room and walked toward the table. Stephen was already there and Tony found him really awesome. His past human self had a crush on this guy so why not him? They were the same guy, well except for a few things. He smirked before sitting in front of him
Tony had a sweet smile on his face, he was really happy for him. Carol who was still hugging Rhodey, saw the smile on Tony’s lips and immediately concluded that his best friend was the reason behind this and that was really nice of him.
“Sure, nice to see you changing Wanda and since you are seeking answers you can call me James,” said Rhodey letting the red hair witch inside.
“No, I disguised myself because I wanted to see if the humans were worthy.” explained Tony “ I decided to keep my human look, it’s really great indeed”
“Thank you for your hospitality and your understanding” answered Peter smiling nicely before entering inside the room and stopped staring at it.
This comment was the last straw before that Thor snapped. The god ran toward the archer and grabbed him by the throat before raising him from the floor. Nat and Sam screamed at that but couldn’t do anything because Bruce and Rocket were already in front of them.
“Nice to meet you chef Louis” smiled Peter “ Could I have some blueberries pancakes if it’s possible of course”
Stephen was finalizing his costume and his hair. The dinner was approaching and he needed to be perfect for the night. The cloak of Levitation was resting on his shoulders. He leave his room and walked toward the dining room smiling.
T’Challa was running in the corridor toward the huge explosion in one of his room. Okoye was at his side and wasn’t happy. They finally arrived and opened the door. They saw two groups sitting on the couch and facing each other with an unknown woman standing with Edward in front of them
“Yeah, Doom seemed to like Tony so no worries” smiled Peter “Any children of Tony is welcome here so I guess you are one of us now.”
Peter stood up quickly at the voice, and found himself face to face with Steve Rogers. Well now, Peter needed to find a better place to hang out alone.
“Well it's to help keep my sanity because I'm so pissed right now that I could kill someone.” snapped Logan destroying an other bot
“Please call me Erik, Magneto is only my alias” smirked Erik at their shocked face but his eyes showed just how angry he was in reality. “ So what about Doom then?”
Bruce and Thor laughed at him. That was nice to see someone in Team stark like themself. Tony deserve redemption even if he did some bad things, he was only human and that was the human nature.
Peter was listening to the conversation between Doom and Magneto. He was very focused on it because he really wanted to know more about the threat around his mentor. He was really tired of all this shit. Tony couldn’t rest and Peter was getting angry.
“Peter is perfectly fine, he is a guest of honour in Doom’s Castle” finally said May “Tony is not in danger”
Thanos was looking at his prize with a huge smile. The doctor told him that Tony was only sleeping he was too exhausted. His instinct was right for not killing the human. Everything will be absolutely perfect.
After his phone call with his aunt, Peter decided to look for the kitchen. Doom had said that he was allowed to do anything he wanted and right now he was really hungry. He arrived in the kitchen after walking through a very long corridor. He opened the big door and stopped in awe, the kitchen was really huge and modern.
Peter was eating his pancakes chatting happily with Vision about Tony mostly. He was very happy to share funny stories with the android. Vision was really happy to know more things about his creator and was definitely going to pass more time with him.
Thor was lost in his thought about his dear friend Anthony. That orange shield who was coming from him was definitely not from earth that was so powerful stopping the infinity gauntlet like this. It was almost like the soul stone but that a stupid thought mostly an hallucination from the pain., his man of iron was a pure terran.
Peter recognized him instantly, he was in the same room as the great Wolverine who was really angry. That was purely amazing, he would have never imagined being in front of the Wolverine. However, he quickly changed into a frown when he remembered that Tony wasn’t here anymore again. Stephen was just choked by everything that was happening. First Tony who was gone, now two of the X-men and the well-known villain Magneto were here. That day couldn’t get weirder.
“The pit between the avengers is very strong now.” said T’Challa “ I’m hoping that will not stop us from saving Stark”
“Thank you, I gladly accept but can I call my aunt? Don’t want her to freak out” said Peter scratching his head awkwardly.
Everyone fell on the floor when Doom disappeared. They were shocked by the display of strength and how easy was for the villain to take Tony away. They stood up and checked the damage made.
Tony was really mad. That tiny cage was annoying, he couldn’t use his powers and his arms were really sore. Thanos was truly mad, thinking that he could beat him into submission. “Who created that fucking cage” screamed Tony furiously. He was going to murderer the creator of that shit. “Someone will fucking pay for this” He screamed once more before stopping because he knew that no one will save him here. The heroes on earth will be probably too late to save his sorry ass. He sighed once more. He had to save his own ass again like he used to. He sat down and thought about a way out. Well, there was a way but that was insanely dangerous. He will use it if he had no other choice. Thanos will never had access to his powers and he will not let him do this to him.
“Doom invited me, glad to see that you are unarmed kid” smiled Erik before sitting next to his friend
Ok one month late, i'm so sorry about that but i was in Sweden for this time and i didn't have the time so i'm really sorry.
“Dead, Tony killed him” answered Rhodey with a smirk “ You will learn that Tony’s enemies tend to die”
Natasha was waiting in front of the castle, the person was late but that wasn’t surprising, Wakanda was highly secured. As for everyone here, the strange made an impression on her, he was really powerful.
“Well that was so nice, Shuri is awesome and the plan for saving Mr Stark will be soon ready” answered Peter smiling brightly
So his human life had a kid, that was too nice, and this kid was so cute. Ok that was weird, he was feeling protective of this kid too. Couldn’t be too bad. Well the magician guy was worth of the stone, and he was so hot and awesome. He could be his soulmate. Tony just laughed, earth was so funny. He will probably leave his invisible disguise soon, needed to see if the others people here were worth it. But not now, he needed to wait a bit, running away from Thanos too, well the titan was definitely not worthy even with 3 stones but well he needed to give him a chance, his neutral position was telling him to do this. But right now, he will stay on earth looking after the cute kid, that was strange, he had the urge to protect him at all cost. Even the magician seemed to do the same t. But well he was the soul stone so more protection for the cute kid named Peter and his kind of adoptive son.
“Ya know what, yeah… Hell yeah I am being protective. Big fucking deal, I can’t help it. If you haven’t noticed these are things I do, I fix things if I can. So sue me if I don’t have some fantastic morale boosting speech for you right now filled with righteous reasons for wanting us all together and blah blah honor, blah blah strength. Unlike you I don’t carry around a patriotic iconography to instill the good vibes.”
Tony had already slipped out to take the kids to the bathroom at that point and Steve took his chance. “I'm glad, are you sure everything is alright?” He felt he had a right to be nervous considering how many difficulties they had with the twins. Steve of course did not want to worry Tony but it didn't mean he was going to remain in the dark about things.
This was only one of the chores he would have today, breakfast would be forgotten entirely- save for a bit of bread he was able to stow in the pocket of the apron he wore about his waist. After cleaning the rug and clearing the table, while listening to a cacophony of jeers from his stepbrothers. Steve was already making a list of the things he would need to do today lest he draw the ire of his stepfather.
“Look Bruce, I gatta go for a bit but thanks for the update. Keep the home fires burnin okay pal? Give Steve my love, I would but Natasha is giving me that face, ya know the stabby one. So yeah in preservation of my more tender parts I should see what that’s about.”
“Tony it’s not just about being convincing. Look, last time - well we weren’t exactly ready. I wouldn’t change our lives now for the world because I love those kids and I know you do too; but I really want this. Not just for me but for us.” Steve reached out and took his alphas hands. “I want us to do this together.”
The Alpha looked like he'd just been electrocuted. “What?” please no. No NO! Please if there is a God, Loki, and Thor...Thor's dad..Someone up there better be listening!!!!!
There had been talk about calling Stark in regardless of his personal issues and Natasha had staunchly said no. It wasn't really her choice though, Tony had trusted him with watching out for this and now it couldn't be helped. Why did everything have to fall apart at the same time.
Somewhere in the back of my mind, a little voice said I didn’t have to; I could…have it taken care of. After all, it’s not as if I was bonded. This was an accident really, this thing between me and Tony… hell if I know where it’s going. He doesn’t exactly seem like a family man.
Stark leaned forward pinching the bridge of his nose, “I’m getting to it. Alright. A few days ago, I received a file from a person who said he worked with my dad on project rebirth. It was your file, and I’m not talking about the one SHIELD had on record. That one was shit and apparently had been altered by my old man from the start.”
He wished he hadn't cause Loki and those damn leather pants, some things never change. If anything they got worse because now the kid wore them low rise with a fishnet shirt and were those...nipple rings? Who let that happen!
Frigga watched her youngest son search for weeks for the perfect stone for the favor. It was tradition among their people - a proposal of sorts. One would take a stone recovered along the sea floor and expend hours channeling their magic. Their very soul into it. Weaving the essence of their heart into it until the gem began to glow. The brighter the light the more love was expressed. Loki had so much love to give because he had been passed over so many times.
After Natasha left Steve happened upon the pair asking a similar question, he felt like he’d seen something like that maybe on television not for the nose but something. The solider could not remember though; also, he didn’t much like modern television so he avoided it. When Thor noticed a bit of blood running from Steve’s nose as well he offered to show him. Steve didn’t want to be rude so he allowed it.
The firm touches over each muscle, combined with the reverence of each lingering kiss, left Steve tranquil. Tony's hand move slowly lower and lower. Then teasing across his groin. The omega spread his legs wider, encouraging his to explore. To reclaim familiar territory with every touch.
The trio chatted for a while about various topics, Stark Business, recent missions, the new puppy and Peppers upcoming child. Eventually, the conversation trailed over to a recent update text from Natasha. “I'm honestly glad she's with Barnes rather than Clint. No offence to your friend Steve but he’s almost as bad as Tony when Barton's with him. Like a pair of frat boys.”
This wasn't Bravado whatever this was, whoever this was...they believed every word. This man; if it was still a man, held himself like a would be god high on the mountain top. Untouchable and unapologetic over the prone figures of his subjects. There was a coldness that sent a shiver through the soldiers spine. He had seen men like that, men like Johann Schmidt and Alexander Pierce.
Gamora was training with Okoye and that wasn’t easy, she was really strong. So that was just perfect. With a swift move, she was on the floor, Okoye smirking at her.
“Indeed it’s an amazing result, here he would have wake up in one month maybe more.” replied T’Challa from his seat “ I believe we don’t need to plan a rescue mission.”
Tony looked at Thanos with pure horror, the titan was truly mad if he thought, Tony will accept this. Tony stepped back toward the hall, watching the mad titan furious.
“Yes, my human self was in great danger so I took over and now it’s just the good old soul stone” smirked Tony
Thanos was walking through the ship, looking for his precious little one. He looked inside his room and smiled, well he must be tired, even a soul stone needed his rest. He closed the door slowly not wanting to waking him up. Just after he decided to walk toward his own room, he deserved some rest too. And his conquest was approaching so he need his strength even if the heroes of earth were some minor enemies
“I was very concerned about Tony and decided to take the matter into my own hands but Doom seemed to protect Tony” answered the android sitting next to Peter
The room became really cold, everyone was stunned by clint’s words. Rocket was looking at that human who was really stupid. Gamora was playing with one of his sword, ready to strike, yes she has never met Tony, but he had protect Rocket and Groot so he was more than ok in her book. Bruce was a bit green, the other guy really wanted to kick some ass. Thor tied his grip on Stormbreaker. Rhodey had a grip on his weapon, ready as well.
Peter was already walking toward Thor, siding with them. Peter was furious, Tony didn’t deserve this. They were ready to fight if that was necessary. But Steve Bucky and Wanda came inside the room.
“By the way Rhodey, you are walking this is so cool man “ smiled Clint unaware of the tension in the room
Unaware of what happened, the conversation in the room, was still on. T’Challa was trying to remind perfectly calm but his sister wasn’t making it easy. May was on the sofa with Pepper, they were chatting quietly between each other, mostly a fair punishment for the recklessness of Peter. Erik was chatting with Logan and Charles, trying to find a solution for the current situation.
“You can all stay here but i’m warning you, we don’t know when he will wake up” said Shuri shaking Tony’s vitals.
“If you are really going to help us” smiled T’Challa standing up “ Allow me to offer you a room for your time here”
“This is unexpected,” said Charles raising an eyebrow “Not the “Tony is safe” part but your nephew being a guest of honour”
Peter let go of the controller. He fall into his thoughts one more time. The stranger reminded him so much about Tony. That was really strange, he was sassy and sounded a bit like him. But well that was impossible, Tony was a prisoner from Thanos and Tony was only human. He missed Tony so much also so maybe that was it, he was seeing some signs everywhere.  With a little sigh, he took back the controller before smiling at Shuri. The princess smiled back and they played again.
“You know Tony, he will never agree because he doesn’t want to be a burden” smiled Charles at Logan’s antics.
Thor was in the common room chatting with Rocket and Bruce when Gamora and Okoye entered inside the room. They waved at them before talking about the upgrade of the spaceship. Thor really wanted to save Tony, the man of iron didn’t deserve this.
“I decided to look for Tony and saved him but he was in this state when I found him.” said Carol, watching the door worried.
Bucky smirked even more, he knew his best friend and that was pure jealousy. Steve was too easy to read and specially when he was in love. And he was totally in love with Tony. Bucky came closer to Steve, before punching his arm
“I’m not in my full potential and if i made a bigger protection than in the room. I may fall in a magic coma and all of my spells will be down. Meaning my disguise will shutdown as well as others things” concluded Tony “ And that will not be good.”
“I know, but he can’t know that i’m here, protect them for me, i will be back” said Tony once more before flying away.
“Well this is my personal area, no one can come here except for me” smiled Thanos “ But i recently changed it, just for you my precious gem.”
“Good, I’m happy that this guy died.” smiled Wand drinking her tea “ But now I feel really bad. Tony was innocent and I made him see terrible things”
Everyone turned around and they were facing a really beautiful woman, floating in the airs. Tony smiled at her before grabbing her and he flew them together in the sky. His human part as well as himself were so glad to see Carol again.
“Well yes, as Strange said, I chose to follow rather than let anyone die” shrugged Tony “ And if you are wondering why i am here and not with the mad Titan, i made a clone of myself”
“We saved him” finally said Shuri walking through the door” But he is in a coma, we couldn’t do anything else.”
“I need you to take me to the border of Latvria without telling anyone” answered Peter with a smile full of secret
Clint fall in the floor, screaming for all the memories that Stephen sent to him. Steve ran toward Strange ready to strike, but Edward punched him back with his magic.  After a moment, the spell broke out and Clint stood on his feet quickly.
“His name was Obadiah Stane and he was kind of a mentor to Tony until that son of a bitch tried to kill him and sold weapons under the table,” said Rhodey still highly furious
“Shuri decide to improve the difficulty for the upcoming outcome with Thanos” answered Okoye smiling
“You are jealous, don’t lie to me Punk” smiled Bucky “ I know everything about you don’t forget that”
Charles laughed at that, Logan was very fond of Tony and very protective, which was funny because he was considered a loner but with Tony he had a totally different personality like a big protective bear.
“No, he reminded me of someone and that was really strange” answered Peter looking through the window.
Peter was laying down on the roof of the palace. That was the quieter place of Wakanda, no one could reach him here. He was thinking about Tony, how the man had became his father figure, well more like mother figure. He smiled at that, well like Doctor Strange said, that wasn’t wrong.
Steve was walking in his room furious. That wizard was a real bastard. He wanted to hit him so bad. But he couldn’t, he needed to save Tony first and defeat Thanos and then i could hit the wizard.
She was mute by a web against her mouth. Peter was pointing at Wanda with his web-shooter. He was really furious.
“Logan, you have to calm down, you are going to destroy every bots here” sighed Charles watching the carnage around.
Tony was on his way for talking with Loki, a little ritual every days. He brought food too for his new friend. As for Loki, he was happy to talk with a superior entity and he had always like that man. Even considered him as his best friend.
“His majesty T’Challa asked me to come since I’m very good with minds and he thought I could help Tony.” smiled Charles “But I guess, I’m no use if my patient is not here anymore”
Steve was against the fence on the balcony of his room. He was watching at the sky, still thinking about Tony, the day of his rescuing was coming faster and faster and Steve would be the first person that Tony saw. And everything would be perfect. Tony would finally realize that his place was by his side and Steve would propose him and they would have their happy ending. With a new resolution, Steve decided to leave his room and went to the training area, hoping to find the guardians.
Rocket smiled at that before getting comfortable on the chair, Groot did the same on the couch. But the peaceful moment was quickly interrupted when a guy with a green cape entered inside the room screaming for Tony.
Tony was sitting around a table with Thanos and his children, they were having a dinner. Proxima was glaring at him, but well he didn’t care at all, he was the soul stone and she was weak. So he looked at her with a smirk.
Steve was in his room, thinking about Edward too. The guy was really powerful and he definitely could help them for rescuing Tony. Yes he could be friendly with Edward, persuade him to help them and Tony will thank him and they will be together definitely
Doom stared at Rhodey before walking immediately toward Tony’s bed, pushing everyone with his power even Thor which was forced to remove his hand from Tony’s hand. With a satisfying smile, he took the place et taking one of Tony’s hand
Warnings: substance abuse, low self-esteem, negative self-image, mutilation , bullying, depression, triggers
“The first thing I’m going to do after I get what I want is pass you off to a nurse. Noisy little pup, I have helped you and this is how you repay me? With this endless shrieking, you’re lucky I do not bash your skull against a coral bed.”
The soldier looked back down into his half-empty mug, jaw flexing at the question. “..Yeah” he said quietly.
Barnes manages to drag himself against a wall of machinery and out of range of the superhuman war before him. Whatever Stark has done to himself has definitely leveled the playing field. Yet, James is worried if there won't be a bigger problem once the dusts settled. Extremis was something in a whole different ball park from the serum Erksine had created.
The Alpha crossed the room a little faster and was there by his side with low rumbling sounds of comfort; Tony climbed onto the now bare mattress and did his best to maneuver him into a comfortable position.
Watching the former villain in battle form was a lot like Thor, only a lot less brute force and a lot more grace. To be clear, if you had to compare Loki's style to anyone's' it was probably the closest to Natasha's. He moved with a deadly sort of grace, like a dancer as he dipped away from blows and pivoted around obstacles. The twin daggers whirling between his fingers, sometimes departing his hands with lethal velocity and into the bodies of surrounding assailants. The knives where then called back to his palms by an unseen force.
“Wow…you’re boy Barnes works fast Steve,” Tony commented with a little chuckle. “That does complicate things, but hey I’m a reasonable kinda guy. If Robocop wants to bring his alien babe to the tower then hell…the more the merrier right?”
Speaking of irritable fits.  The penthouse now had a new coffee table, chair, and fridge door.  Steve was very apologetic of course when he broke things, that wasn’t that new of a development considering he previously through a few dozen punching bags a month. Tony just bought those by the freight car now.
T’Challa was listening to Charles Xavier about Latveria and how they could save Tony without a major diplomatic incident. Stephen was listening carefully as well but his mind was wandering toward Peter, who wasn’t here, he and Shuri hadn’t made an appearance in a long time and Stephen was getting worried
“Doom invited you for a very concerned matter and it’s the security of our Tony,” said Doom gravely “ Someone is plotting a very dark schema against him and we need to stop it before it’s too late
“I’m here for Tony, release him please, I don’t want to lose him again,” said Peter standing in front of the tank
“Well i know, that why i like you little one, but with five stones, well, you will have no other choice to give me what i want”
“Latvria, where Doom lives, is protected by a UN decreet if a country dared attack it, they will face a war basically” answered Erik
Carol raised an eyebrow at Rhodey but she smiled sweetly at the end. Her boyfriend was really soft. Mostly because, everyone loved Rocket and Groot, they were so nice and funny. Even if Rocket was a little shit most of the time but that was the part of his charm. He was going to get along with Tony so well and that what was scaring her. Two mad genius on the loose. Rocket was coming closer to Tony and stood on a chair.
“The king of Asgard shouldn’t bow,” said T’Challa with a smile “ Thank you, Edward, for stopping the blast”
Peter watched the conversation before excusing himself and leave the room toward Shuri’s lab. He needed advice and Shuri was the best person for it. He asked one of the guards to take him there. After a small trip, he was finally in the lab. He sat waiting for Shuri
Tony was still wandering through space around the ship. He was thinking about everything special about why he didn’t change his name or taking again his designation again. But he liked Tony, just soul gem was a bit too frightening for the people around the universe. He really wanted to being able to travel around all the universe but it was impossible with the others two stones here. He sighed that was sad.
“The Vision in person. Doom is impressed. Why are you here?” asked Doom in the doorstep of the living room
Rhodey took place in the seat next to Tony’s bed and Peter sat on the other side wen the others let him do it. Thor quickly took a chair and place it next to Peter. Bruce Carol and Stephen sat in front of the bed on the couch
Tony looked at Thanos, curious but well he was too damn hungry for asking questions,so he opened the bag and he ate the cheeseburger. But what Thanos didn’t notice when he leave, was that the orange glint inside Tony eyes was not leaving anymore. The awakening was close
Stephen was walking with T’Challa in the royal garden. They were talking about a lot of things. Stephen didn’t blame him for that, because he helped the sergeant Barnes for correcting the wrong done to him. But the king wasn’t aware of the state of Mister Stark when he had leave the bunker.
Natasha and Sam stopped talking when a plane arrived in the landing place. They walked toward this and watched Clint exiting the plane with a bag and his sunglasses.
“I will not mess up not because you need him but because i want to know him more,  and he is really interesting” replied Stephen “ So please Captain just leave.”
Thanos was thinking about his little one. He had to be worthy and after that the soul stone will help him bringing balance to the universe. But he didn’t know how. So he asked for one of his advisor, the man knew everything about the infinity stones.
“Tony is safe in Doom’s Castle, Doom will never hurt someone very dear to him.” answered Doom “ Th healing tank is going to save him”
Carol was watching the sky from her room in Wakanda, she was really getting worried. Before coming here, she asked some information about the mad titan at different peoples who had encounter him and well that wasn’t glorious. And thinking that Tony was alone with this guy even if he was the soul stone, was not good at all. She made a decision and maybe that will no be good for the future but she will save Tony. With her new resolution, she flew toward the stars looking for Thanos’s ship.
They stood up quickly and leave toward their rooms for the preparation. Tony raised an eyebrow at that, and the true was that he was really worry, for the cute kid who was currently living not far from the stones. Well he will have to protect him then.
T’challa looked at where Strange was pointing and laughed. The guardians, Bruce Thor and Peter were playing tag all together but with super powers and gadgets so the scene was even more funny. Shuri was even here playing with them. Yes even if the avengers were broken, this people will help saving Tony.
“Well you jumped in front of the gauntlet and you collapsed from the fear and exhaustion” replied Thanos back
“Yes but seriously i saw that footage too and the captain slammed his shield in his chest a bit rough.” said Rocket “ And for the record i’m Team tony stark since he saved our asses.”
They all turned toward the voice and they know that would end well if he opened his mouth about Tony or anything related to the civil war.
They had talked about it the night before, it had been a particularly difficult day in the tower. Loki had was in the game room when all the kids came running through. The look on the poor man's face was heartbreaking.
Recalling that conversation made him ache. They were going to hate him, they both asked if he and Wade had used protection and he lied. Truth was it was a spur of the moment decision when Peter had miscalculated his heat. Wade found him and carried him back to the dorms and then... Peter begged him not to leave. Neither one of them had been able to say no.
“Hey, Steve, sweetie…how about we get comfortable ok?” he said fingers tugging at the soldier’s clothes.
The inventor sat on the coffee table just watching the other man sleep; he reached out hesitantly to place his palm on the side of the Steve’s stomach.  Jemma had commented just the other day that Steve seemed like he was going to be the type to carry low, from the shape of his growing bump.  Tony had laughed and said it looked like Steve swallowed a cantaloupe whole and now it was just sitting there.  This earned him a serious glare from the aforementioned super soldier.
There wasn't any sign that Loki brought any food or water into the nest and from the smell, he hadn't left to use the bathroom either. “Loki can you here me?“ Nothing, James felt his skin crawl with images of pale cold skin and glassy dead eyes. All that pain Loki had been carrying around came crashing back. What if he’s done something…what if…No. No he wasn’t going to think like that.
Pre-heat had started mid morning, having become much easier to settle into the last couple of years, Steve almost felt like a normal omega. Able to mark the calendar with a small margin of error. Provided there were no upcoming important mission or Intel suggesting something was amiss in the great big world. Of course, since Bucky had returned and the team had extended and reached out to other exceptional individuals – Steve found himself with a more predictable scheduled these days.
They didn't seem any closer even with the added documentation to glean knowledge from. Loki isn't sure what to think, knowing there could be an answer but to fearful to get his hopes up.
“Stupid hormones…” I sniffle, really this.. is going to be the most embarrassing nine months of my entire life.
Banner, having long ago learned the art of ADHD Billionaire speak, brushes off the interruption. “Yes he came by to tell us you were both alive and on your way back. He wouldn't stay however, I think something was going on with him but considering everything that everyone has been through tonight? Well, it's not as if I blame him. Besides that, how...how are you here Tony?”
Peter and Wendy had been looking forward to this day for weeks. Every day closer had the pups nearly bouncing off the walls Tony was glad to have the little ones packed up and out the door for the day. He loved his kids, but he loved silence more, which in itself was funny considering a few years ago the alpha was all about noise and activity. However, he had since learned the value in peace and quiet.
“Her forces are using the Code name Viper, however, from facial recognition we have been able to match her with this woman.”
“Sir, it would appear that Captain Rogers Communication Link has been destroyed.” Jarvis informed as Iron man made his way through Hydras server room, tapping into the organizations files and downloading anything they could use.
It didn’t take Stark long to drop everything at that point, “What do you mean? Do you feel ok? Are you in pain?” Tony had practically flown across the room and was now touching all over the baby bump as if he could read its topography for clues. “Are they doing something weird?” He then proceeds to thump the soldiers belly like a melon and listen. Because that was a thing in Tony’s great big brain that somehow sounded plausible.
“Aye, it would be of considerable aid if the priestess would lend her extensive knowledge. However, I am afraid her request for such help was a price to heavy to bear.” Thor said shaking his head. “ My brother loathes what he is, even if he seems resigned to it now he will never respect the Frost giants or value their history. The lady Agrabota would only have agreed if Loki would return to their lands for teaching. She wishes him to take his place among their kind. In turn; I feel she may eventually request he finds a Joutnar to mate with and leave the Sargent behind.”
Tony was already kissing the kids goodbye and surprisingly doing well with a little bit of small talk with Loki. The two of them had learned to coexist better in the last year. Tony had a strange ability to forgive almost anyone, given the right amount of time and motivation the billionaire could come around to anyone's side. That could be construed as both a good and bad thing, depending on who you ask.
Still, Steve thought if it was something serious then Buck would have said so. Could Loki be sick? Thor never got sick, unless your account for the time Clint bet that the other man couldn't eat his weight in Twinkies...that had been an awful mistake.
He's probably in the bathroom, the logical part of James brain pointed out. Rolling over the alpha squinted at the master bath – door open and dark as a tomb. No big deal, so he went to get water. People drink water, he drinks water...thirst is a thing.
Yet finding out how Loki was tortured seemed to resonate with the billionaire. On the other hand, maybe Stark just needed a project, a case more helpless than his own.
Loki just sat there and stared, sometimes James would come into the room and find mirrors shattered and things knocked of shelves. Somehow, he doubted Loki had moved in order to cause the destruction. Yet he never complained, he just picked up the mess.
“Steve,” That’s when the question came, the question the omega knew would come eventually because this was Bucky, this was the closest thing to a brother he’s ever had in this world. “ Are ya happy?”
“Stark...”The man growled and leveled a glare. “ I've heard you have Loki in the tower and he'll be receiving medical attention. I want an approved SHIELD personal in the room. We need to know what that maniac is capable of for the next time he tries that world domination shtick.”
The inventor looked around hoping the answer would fall from the sky; he knew he could not say work. On the other hand, maybe the bots.  No he couldn‘t say that, although it would make Dum-E  happy. “Alright, Rhodey…you know I’d be lost without my  honey bear! He‘s put up with me even longer than you have, we have guy love Pep.. Totally non sexual guy love that no man can tear asunder.”
This couldn't be.... The serum... and... And this was Steve they were talking about here. Steven Grant Roger, Captain America. This was all some elaborate joke, Steve was going to walk in any moment and it would be over and Tony would hit him and hug him and tell him never to do this again. "Leave the practical jokes to the birdbrain," he'd say.
That wasn't what Barnes had in mind, something more along the lines of breakfast in bed and a naked picnic by the fire for lunch. Dessert all over the house and he wasn't talking about ice cream or cake.
“No, Stark’s right. We should all be under the same roof for a while, like it or not we will be stronger for it considering everything that’s happened.” Widow left no room for argument and Steve could feel the waves of alpha pheromones coming off the woman. The whole room was starting to stink of protective alphas.
Even now, if he closes his eyes and breaths in deep enough he can still smell her hair. That soft powdery smell with a hint of ambergris.
Pepper took one look at him and shook her head, coming over with a damp dishrag to dab at the little scratches on his face and arms. “I can’t have you going in there looking a mess. You go in and check on him then come with me to get checked out you understand?”
That dark sleazy voice wasn't who he was, he wasn't some spoiled brat who thought he deserved better. Tony had given that up so long ago.
“Stark wake up! Tony come on man! COME ON! ” that was Barnes shouting so damn loud, placing a steady pressure on his chest. He reaches out for it and tries to open his eyes. “I can't do this on my own Tony. You don't give up! You fight that shit you hear me! We got a mission to finish soldier! ”
He was Howard’s business associate and by all standards the kind of man who would kill his own mother just to get ahead. Peggy knew why he was here and was furious as she stood at the door way and watched Stane pour Howard another glass of the firewater.
There's a sigh and then the door cracked open a fraction, Steve already looked a little disheveled, “Yeah I know.” He said, gently accepting a kiss from his alpha. “Go make your call, see ya in a bit.”
Oh and there was a can of worms Steve thought he’d be able to dodge if they just kept talking about Loki. “He knows, I told him after… we haven’t talked about it a lot cause…well he’s a lot like Howard I guess in that respect. He just kind of shrugs and makes jokes then gets a drink.  I know he doesn’t blame you or hate you. I’m not sayin the two of ya are gonna watch the game together and shoot the bull- but he wouldn’t punch you in the face at this point.”
Coulson smiled and walked down the hallway, idly flipping the hinged top on the lighter open and closed. “Gentleman.”
Bucky had his shirt off and in the process of peeling Tony out of his. Steve felt his breath catch at the sight, hard muscle pressing against the taut round belly of their omegas belly.  He swallowed down a rumble of arousal. “I see you two are having fun.”
“So wet for me sweetie, have you playing with your little clit thinking about me?” Bucky asked, training his fingers down from the blonds crease and along his length.
“Don’t worry, you take care of things here and I’ll take care of everything else. Bruce and I will keep Pete tonight and then in the morning we’ll bring him by so you all can have some time together. I know you’re just looking out for him Steve, for both of them.”
He smiled,” can’t tell ya half the time what Tony’s talking about.” Steve headed out of the little curtained off area with Simmons trailing just behind. “So when will I need to come in next?”
“Come to me, return to your mistress that I may command what is mine.” Amora spoke, holding out her palms, rivers of light as thin as the jet stream flowed from the surrounding sea. Each little tendril of magic she had ever cast now streaming back to its source. She would need every drop for what she was about to do.
Steve clapped his hand behind them and the children fell silent. “Enough of that. You both know better. We use our inside voices and we don’t argue.”
Tony returned the attitude in kind. “You think I don’t know that, trust me gramps I know to do my research. The guy had my old man’s hand written journals from back in the day. I had Jarvis run the writing samples and it’s legit. I think you know I’m right, what I’m wondering now is if anyone ever warned you about that handy dandy little superboy shot you had.”
“Loki?” he calls out because what’s the harm in checking? That and that confounded hepatic sensation in his nerves is making his psyche run in circles that something just is not okay.
They ate and talked and after a while, they headed back in and Tony called for Jarvis to queue up a movie only for Steve to stop him.
James nods. :It's not a bad idea, Loki will have another heat coming up the end of next month, and he could take off the week before and just be home, maybe convincing Loki to do the same.  If they could just reconnect maybe that would help. “Yeah, I think I will”
There was no time for nostalgia and wishful thinking now though, he had things to do. There was a stack of notes he'd managed to jot down between meeting that held everything from jet upgrades, weapons upgrades to how to program the coffee maker in the common room to heat up formula and dispense bottles. Maybe a cleaning features too. Pepper would appreciate that.
In a way, this would be his first. That it would feel as it should have, or at least a better representation to what normal omega dealt with.
Tony had a knack for just ignoring things until the last moment or in the dead of night after a three or four day binge in the workshop. Looking back on questionable life choices when he physically hadn’t the strength to run away anymore. Nights spent laying on the ratty sofa in the corner while the bots milled around  trying to get his attention.
“Well, I think all things considered yes. I mean, I rarely let just anyone stab me.”He smiled and walked over to a small fridge to fish out a water bottle.“I hear Simmons has been working with Banner on your issue. I sincerely hope they where able to come up with something.”
“They’ll figure it out eventually, and I don’t want to be the one to lie to Tasha.” Tony smirked hoping to lift the mood, “She’s scary and might choke me with her thighs. Not a horrible death mind you, but I think I have a few more valuable years left.”
However, she had no aspirations to be a figurehead; no inclination to become Hydra's social media dream. The Madam had her own future to carve out of the imperfection surrounding her. Her own dark machinations brewing while Hydra's old men puttered around like fools. She bides her time, working methodically- cold and calculating, saw her moment and seized it.
The surveillance van had been cut from pursuit  by a sudden accident, the young agents scrambles up backstreets to get back on the tail but then the traffic gums up the roads and this is falling apart faster than a snow cone in hell.
Tony sat up at the sound of the groggy greeting, turning his head spotting two slightly glazed blue eyes looking at him above a smile.
She smiled listening to a particularly cute story of how the two boys would sneak into the kitchens after a day of playing in the gardens. The cooks would be hardworking preparing the evening feast and the little princes with there dirty faces would smile and tug at the ample skirts of the clever maids. Tiny faces with enormous begging eyes and hands out. How if the venerable cook Ogden typically caught them he would chase them out with a skillet in his hand. Yet his dear wife Rosmerta would just shake her head and tuck a few cakes into a napkin for them. Telling both little ones to be quiet lest their doting mother be cross with her for ruining their dinner.
When Steve did find his will to come back in, he did not say anything, not wanting to ruin this tenderness. He just sat down and sipped his coffee, offering his fee hand to one of Tony's. The loose grip on his fingers made him smile, it was a little stronger than yesterday and that was a good sign. Even if they had a long way to go. They were not going it alone, it would be the three of them.
Truth was a far colder thing, staring back at the omega on a little plastic digital readout. The words
It wasn’t so much what Loki had said during Bruce’s visit - but what he didn’t say.  Sometimes it’s the words left off that is so troubling. The way Loki didn’t ask about what was going to happen and didn’t seem to care much about talking about future plans.
Loki grew bitter and in that bitterness he takes it out on the little pup, leaving the child in the care of the palace servants.
Steve scrubbed his hands over his face. “What do you mean Preservation and the ‘former’ Mr. Stark? Where Tony now?”
It had been nice to see Bruce becoming more social in the last few years, he particularly felt at home with Pepper and Natasha. It was no surprise to see the three of them cuddled up during movie night or Bruce painting one of the ladies toes in the common room. Not to mention with Natasha away, Bruce was an asset to Pepper.
“Ok, this will be a little cold.” The doctor said before applying the transmission gel to his lower stomach. She must have noticed the slight unease and smiled brightly. “Would you like to know how it works? It’s quite interesting.”
And the voice...the voice was one they heard before, one that gave them all pause. One that changed them all forever.
“Just open the bay doors do it now.” Steve said already unfastening his seatbelt and heading toward the back.
Loki took the bottle and squeezed the flexible plastic gently. Within the silence of the room the cracklings seemed too loud. Conceivably it was merely in his head, maybe everything was too much and he shouldn't have tried to come out today. Perhaps it had been too ambitious.
“Hey, this is your dad. Ya know the guy who provides all that weird food your papa wants. Yeah well, I’ll be honest I don’t know how good I’m going to be when you get here.  I might be busy half the time, I might say things I don’t mean, and sometimes I’m going to royally screw things up. Nevertheless, I want you to know that the one thing I will not do, is forget to tell you everyday how much I love you.  Because my dad didn’t do that and I think, Dads are supposed to do that.  You already have some kinda sort of siblings too that are stoked to see you, maybe when you get a little older of course. Dum-E, You, and Butterfingers, they are a little rambunchous but they mean well. Of course, there’s Jarvis too. He’ll watch out for you, and like a good big brother, he’ll rat you out for stuff. He already rats me out to your papa and your Auntie Pepper. You’ll meet her too; she’s all excited to get you both matching outfits and all that jazz. Although, and don’t tell your pops this. I’ve already custom ordered your first little outfits. You will need the proper gear because Daddy is going to introduce you all the good bands like ACDC, Kansas, and Sabbath.”
They took turned washing each other, exchanging soft words and kisses. If there were more tears shed the water hid them well, Tony was thankful for that. He wasn’t sure he could bear that painful look in Steve’s eyes anymore. To some extend it did make him feel more human to be clean.  It was a few moments of just forgetting everything and letting the warm jets sink in through his tired skin. Moments of Oasis - sheltering there against his husbands chest, feeling Steve’s heart beating beneath his fingers.
The visceral growl issued from the omega as he tore through adversary, becoming more furious when one managed to shoot him.
Even being around the assassin brought back memories of Howard’s journal. The mentions of how close Barnes and Steve had been. It wasn’t hard to see with those pained longing looked from the blond that the same might still be true. Maybe this whole time Steve wanted to be with the man he knew, the friend he remembered. It was clear that there was something there and  a person never forgets their first love.  Tony found himself sick at the thought, how so much could have been different if Barnes had never fallen into enemy hands.
“Hey Loki, it's a nice morning.”  Not  the best of openers but it's something that at least prompts the slender man to look up in greeting.
“Did I miss anything?” Bruce asked after listing off every ailment Steve had ever been exposed to or suffered from.
It was adorable and innocent, “He’s not lonely now my sweet one, he has us to look after him right?”
Darcy shook her head looking on as Clint and Tony were poised with ropes in an amazingly foolish attempt to ’lasso and ride’ some Makos. “This is the stupidest thing…ever; I’m so glad I get to witness this.” she said, shaking her head with a huge grin on her face. Really this would be better if she had something to snack on while these two rejects played Bite roulette with dangerous predators. Then again this was a usual afternoon outing.
The next few hours are a blur as Clint packs up not only the twins but his own pups and send the annoyed little troop of sleepy children off to Pepper with an apology on his lips. He knows she has a lot on her plate with the new baby and the fact that now Natasha will have to come with him and Phil as they head to SHIELD. Bruce assures them that he'll be there and of course, the kids adore their uncle Bruce more than anything.
Back at the tower, Steve was about to have his first ultra sound. The twins were naturally excited see their baby brother or sister. Having woken up early that morning and felt the need to let everyone in the tower know what a wonder big brother and big sister they were going to be. It had been too cute for words, Tony of course captured much of this on the towers security feeds and was having it all saved in a family file.
“Lovely to see you as always Margret” Stane said coolly as he corked the decanter and slid it away into the liquor cabinet. “I thought it best if someone was here considering.....” His fake considerate tone made her sick.
The only minor hitch had been a text from Natasha as he was stepping off the plane that said they needed to talk about something.
“Go back to bed I’m fine, I know you have that meeting with the board and you won’t be worth anything if you’re half asleep for it.”  Steve groaned leaning on his now crossed arms. The position killed his back but at least it took some of the pressure off his hips.
“HOLD FAST DON’T LET THEM BOARD!” A shout went up above the fray, the two ships engaged just a few hundred yards away from the shore. The booming cannon fire could be heard for miles and the plumes of gray and black smoke rose to the clear skys and spread out like one of the fishermens nets.
Peter was sitting on his lap and as much as Pepper offered to take him, Tony didn’t want to let the child go.  Peter’s little hand splayed over his tie petting at the soft satin fabric before pushing his little head back under Tony’s chin.  He couldn’t let go.
Bucky returned to the tower alone, it was not for lack of trying on not only his but Thor’s part  as well to try and convince Loki into making the journey. It was for the best anyway, Tony was not completely on board with having the former villain in the very tower he had thrown the billionaire out of. Not to mention Clint’s reaction to the possibility.
….they were good, not just anyone could handle that shield…only a super soldier. “That you Barnes! Didn’t get enough Stark blood on your hands? I would have thought if anyone had respect for Steve it would have been you, or did your little magician boy toy give you the make over? I wonder how reindeer games will feel when I ship you back to god land in a box… See how he likes it.”
Howard watched as the siren thought for a moment before tugging at a thin string around her neck, a glowing gem came into view and she tugged it free with a hard yank. She held the gem and kissed its surface whispering words in a language he could not understand.
Steve had to admit this quinjet was very nice, maybe even too nice. Did they really need massage seats? It seemed a little much but he didn’t say anything. So what if maybe he indulged just a little and turned on the warm rolling vibration of the leather seat. He did get shot and almost drowned - he deserved this.
Steve was able to stay the billionaire’s roaming hands just as Tony popped open his belt buckle. “wait…wait…,” he panted now prone across the seat, or as much as a man his size could be.
Pepper hummed to herself a moment before leaning back against the low wall. “He did the thing…the Tony thing.. Actually no maybe it’s a Stark thing.”
Steve looked down at his hands as the tone of their conversation turned somber, “Yeah, we know. The pack I mean, we all talked about it. Tony …I think he would of agreed if I pushed it more, he’s not forgotten about what happened but he’s not the kind to hold grudges…”
He feigned hurt, “You wound me, if anything my mere presence should sway healing factor. Nothing like a triple shot of me, I’m better than b-12.”
He could see a pair of dark blue boots in ready stance. Something seemed… too familiar, then strong legs and …the shield. “No…” A star emblazoned on the figures chest. “No….”
Tony felt his heart skip a beat; did they escape one monster just to be plucked up by another? “How do you know my name…?”
“ya know spangles… maybe your perfect match isn’t on the world wide web, maybe they’re a lot closer. Food for thought!”
Her mother had been so happy to see her only child marry so well. It did the old woman good to watch young Sarah draped in white and adored with spring flowers. Finally, able to leave this world knowing her child was cared for.
Thor’s eyes went wide with her claim; Amora was not one devoted to the gods of their people and yet if what she said was true…” A gift. For me, I do not understand. I pray you, tell me the truth Amora… whose child is this.” He implored again, hoping against hope what she was saying was not true. He didn’t love her; this was his brothers beloved…how could the Norns do such a heartless thing?
“Nope, not you just … give us a sec ok?” Tony mutters waving a hand as he scurried out after the raging super soldier.
Tony  frowned. “Say it, tell me what I said.” Steve wasn’t wrong about the rest of it, but anyone who knew him could have guessed something like that.
Loki wanted to hear the words ‘it’s going to be fine.’ but he knew James would never patronize him like that, never lie to him. His alpha would not say such a thing because he didn’t know. Not knowing was the worst because somewhere deep inside that dark voice whispered in the omegas ear ‘it’s not going to be fine, it will never be fine again’
A sudden surge of melancholy over took him while sitting in the living room gazing out of the large windows at the city below. Once the people of New York had found out about his status there had been mixed responses. Not all of them kind. Steve just hoped that people would treat his child better – regardless of their classification.
Not that Tony would have cared much in the days that followed. Everything he loved was now resting six feet beneath the soil.
“Look at me Steven, I will bring them back. On my honor, what little of it I may have – I swear to you that I will bring them back.” He did not promise to see that both would be alive, Loki knew that even he could not promise such a thing. Even so, he would be damned if his Alpha and Steve's did not see a proper burial. That much he could do.
The most surprising thing was there was no pity in those words. Nor the sound or accusation, because of course he would have such an issue would he? He was a monster. There was just an offer, much as Romanov had made. There was just kindness much like Kurt and the professor.  “Thank you Steven, Thank you.”
Bucky was standing next to Tony's wheel chair with a bowl in one hand and a spoon in the other. Tony's motor skills hadn't come back fully yet; it was frustrating and Steve could see the tears shining in the engineer's eyes. He wanted to move and stop Bucky because he worried so much about wounding Tony's pride. Then Bucky started to speak.
When they returned to the tower, Steve pulled Natasha aside and asked her to brief Pepper and Bruce. Asking if she could give them the task of sitting down with Peter and explain to him his Father is alive. As much as Steve wanted to see, his little boy he knew that he had to make sure his husband was alright because Peter needed them both at their best.
Steve was on his feet immediately rushing to the glass partition surrounding his bed.  This seemed bad, was he still asleep? The soldier pinched himself and nope he was defiantly awake.
Nope, this was not a sitcom and nothing good could come from that thousand-yard-stare that Tony was giving the floor. With each moment that passed, Steve was more and surer that he shouldn’t have even told the alpha. That this was all wrong from start to finish, he’d done the one thing his mother had begged him not to do…to be like her, raising a child on her own had been so difficult and she’d always wanted better for him. Now it looked like that was going to be his life, because clearly this wasn’t what Tony wanted.
To know the sweetness of a lovers kiss and have it torn form you … to feel the aching in your chest that stays and refuses to kill you. That is horror unimaginable.
Charles also decided to make an offer to one of the towers other residence in hopes of not only helping Loki but also Mr. Stark. Reports of what had happened to the billionaire inventor had come to many in the enhanced community. By the sound of things Charles was concerned for the usually jovial younger man, Stark had seemed somewhat subdued earlier in the day and the professor was unsure weather that was caused by the current emotional stress within the Alpha's pack or something much deeper. Then again, Charles had never been much good at understanding the minds of Alpha's.
It was a few days later and Steve was still thinking about things and this…whatever it was he had with Tony.
“Nonsense! J, send Pep a note that Steve’s here and staying on the common floor for now, but when she can, stop by with those catalogs.”
The goons would yell and make their demands; Steve just continued to smile with bloodstained teeth “Captain Steven Grant Rogers. Serial number Zero four six -.” Another kick to the chest, clap in the face- he could take it. He would take it, every bit of it before he told them a damn thing.
Loki found that he liked to look into the art of a realm and find something that resonated with him. He had done just that here, finding a kindred spirit in the form of an animated film.
Stark gasp scandalized, holing a hand over the reactor, “ye of little faith, I’m a changed man Steve. I’ll have you know I had no intention of skirt chasing, unless you feel up to doing a lap in that backless number they’ve got you in.”
The Professor took the chilled beverage with thanks. Sipping the sweet coolness in appreciation. “My that is good. As for the Buddha, ha, I think not. In all my year I have yet to reach true enlightenment.”
Metal fingers snatched the now silent torch from the omega stashing the tool away amid livid protest. “I’m not hearing it grease monkey. I don’t make the rules I just follow them, now go before the punk has a coronary because you’re down here doing something decidedly not safe.”
There was something about her voice and her mannerisms that did not ring true. Coulson had studied in depth the hydra hierarchy during the 1940's and 50's. Despite the fact that very few film records if any would have survived and the original madam hydra was extremely private. Every clip he had ever seen of the former Evil Matriarch, she always spoke in German and it was speculated that she refused to even speak English. No mater who was in her company. This woman however spoke perfectly even English with not a single hint of an accent. Sure, her face was passable as a carbon copy of Ophelia Sarkissan circa 1952, but the rest of her wasn't.
Peter sniffled and clung to his neck, “Papa said it wasn’t good for you to work so much. You have to sleep and eat good.”
James reached across without opening his eyes- he just needed the conformation. Just a little touch of soft warm skin to assure him that
Loki was torn, part of him wanted to stay and comfort the now panic-stricken pups and distressed omega. He fought his own emotions and the tug of his bond just to stand up straight. Steve was fairing far worse it seemed which meant Stark wasn't fairing as well as his James. Loki felt guilty for the sigh of relief at that thought. He did his best to help Pepper gather the children away while Bruce saw to his packs lead omega. This was not easy as little Peter and Wendy wanted nothing to do with being away from their barer at the moment.
