Dean thought about everything that was said back at the meadow. He made his promise and he intended to keep it if it meant keeping Castiel from the Empty and serving out any kind of sentence in that place. Dean feeling as if he wanted nothing more than to get home, back to Sam and get to work and do what he could for Cas...and drink.
"What you thought?" Barachiel for the first time allowed the anger he had been trying to keep in check about the whole Lucifer episode creep into his voice. "Castiel, you were always so rebellious. Always doing things your way. Made you a pain in my angelic ass but I often respected and admired you for it but I can not tell you how many times I had to make excuses and defend you to the others when you would go off on your own and fight some battle in the patented Castiel way. But this time my dearest brother. There is nothing I can do to protect you. My greatest fear Castiel, is that God agrees with Lucifer and locks you up in Hell, in a cage next to his."
Cas watched Dean as he pushed the little door that closed the cassette into the player and in a matter-of-fact tone supplied “Jimmy Page…”
"A favor?"
Dean smiled. He remembered the time Castiel had yanked him from Zachariah's clutches to the side of that deserted road and Cas smiled too as he continued “Though, to be honest Dean. I am not sure if I listened or not" and with that Castiel leaned forward and kissed Dean deeply for a final time. Then Dean felt Castiel as he vacated his body and suddenly he was alone.
"Wait. You just been sitting out there waiting for me to show up?"
”It was the most wondrous feeling Dean.” Castiel resumed his story only this time he never took his eyes from the mortal man laying beside him.
"No. You are fine but your body would explode if I were to try and take it over fully as a vessel. So, I am only partially sharing my Grace with you. The rest of my grace is circling us...as protection." and even though I am...gone. You can see me as I was, in here as we talk.:
Softly, Castiel's deep voice pierced the darkness of the Impala's interior. Squeezing Dean's hand as he began "Dean...Sam. I have a favor to ask of you.'
"Well, I don't know too much about their nighttime proclivities" Cas replied distractedly. "But I do know they are seen by some as magical creatures because they can confuse and hypnotize their victim and take control of their minds. Usually, they go after men but women are not immune to their powers"
"Yes, I...um" Castiel paused then continued "I don't want the Winchesters to know about the cages, Crowley. Dean he would..."
Sam noticing Dean's silence and sat forward and gave a quick sidelong glance at his brother as he responded "Yeah, Cas. What is it?"
Dean swallowed hard knowing that the crimes Castiel committed were grievous ones according to God's law.
Sam was undecided as to whether he should back out and leave the two men to their music or interrupt and let Dean know about the case he currently had loaded on his computer screen. It only took a moment for Sam to decide to leave. Watching his brother and the angel together Sam could only hope that his brother would finally come to accept his feelings for the angel and any nudge he could do to push his brother into facing it himself, he would gladly do.
Lowering his fingers a second time Crowley waited expectantly with a slight look of irritation crossing his face. “Look, I did a favor and I hate long goodbyes. So don't get all mushy on me””
Quickly, in order to remove the hurt from Dean's eyes. Castiel closed the distance between them and wrapped his arms around his waist and pulled him closer and began to kiss him. Then with his forehead pressed against Dean's he looked up with his puppy-dog eyes and he apologized.
Dean looked at his brother and with some fatigue in his voice replied "I have other business I need to focus on. Crowley and his mother are on their own when it comes to their relationship. We are not butting in on this. At least not unless, they drag us in."
"I am sorry?" Barachiel was not sure if he heard the man correctly
Castiel cut him off and answered back "Dean, I swallowed thousands of souls stolen from Purgatory and the Veil. I raised myself above God and I slaughtered thousands of angels and innocents here on Earth, as I called myself God! I opened the door and allowed the Leviathan to escape. All of that alone should see me punished. I should be locked up and made to suffer for the sins I committed against everything my Father ever commanded" Feeling defeated and having nothing left to say, Castiel looked over at the empty leather club chair across from Dean and dropped heavily into it and could only stare back at Dean with a mixture of futility and concern.
Studying the two brothers as they still knelt on the ground with the lifeless vessel lying between them he wondered to himself if they knew how they looked. Dean still bent protectively over the former vessel of his friend and Sam. The younger brother, his hands on his brother's shoulders in a show of support and protection.
Castiel continued. "I don't want Crowley or the other Angels to get a hold of it to study. It deserves to be put to rest and that is the most honorable way."
Castiel wanted him to take it all in right then and there but instead, he began to brush the tip of his nose against the slicked-up cock as he brought his lips up to finally take in his lover's engorged member. Almost, as if on queue Castiel felt Dean begin to do the same on his end and together they began to message, suck and nibble until both men could no longer stand it and when they finally came with what seemed a never ending vibration and release that neither one had expected. Castiel rotated himself 180 degrees and collapsed next to Dean.
"We are running out of time. I need him to come home"
He looked closely at the figure of the Angel with unfurled White wings and a sword wrapped in golden ribbons of fire around its blade. Dean would know the profile of the ascending angel anywhere...it was Castiel. Dean smiled and could only shake his head as he read the full title to himself. "The Winchester Gospel: the Ascension of the Archangel Castiel, by Carver Edlund" opening the book Dean read the dedication:
Returning his thoughts to the issue at hand, Castiel had to finally face up to and admit to himself his own feelings for Dean Winchester. He always knew that he had cared for him very deeply. Often hiding the truth behind less descriptive words for the truth like “bond” or “connection”. Neither word came close to capturing what he really felt and Metatron was right. He was in love. Castiel could not pinpoint the moment he had fallen in love with the older Winchester. Maybe it was the moment he had gripped him by the shoulders and raised him up from Perdition. Only, because of all that they had been through together as a team fighting evil. Telling a macho Dean Winchester how he felt was never a consideration. So, the Servant of the Lord did what he did best, He just focused on the latest mission and just never allowed himself to dwell on his feelings. But now...things were different. He was leaving to face his Father for the sins he committed in the erroneous belief that the means justified the sometimes disastrous ends. Decisions which ironically, were made in an effort to continue his Father's orders.
Cas responded by trailing his lips along Dean's thighs before settling between his legs, teasing him, sucking gently on his hard length and caressing him with light fingers and torturous flicks of his tongue until Dean was panting with desire.
Seriously Sam...bad timing.
"It's a small room, Cas. And it just so happens that my favorite brother and my best friend are hooking up and I want to know details. I think I'm liking the idea more and more, now that I see how fond you are of each other.
He breathed a sigh of relief when Raphael didn't come up with a rebuttal or try anything violent. He watched him stand unmoving in the driveway as they turned to get in the car and head back down the long gravel driveway towards town.
John sat down heavily in his camping chair and exhaled sharply as he leaned forward to hand out beers to his sons.
"Just...keep working on finding a job. Fix this, OK? Your alcohol problem is getting noticeably worse instead of better. And it
“Your guardian angel, actually,” Castiel responded. “It seems there are quite a large number of eligible ladies searching around for you. You’re quite the hot commodity this season, aren’t you?”
“Too damn long.” Dean reached out decisively to give Cas a delicate hug, and noticed that Cas’ smell was the same; she smelled like...home. It was soothing, and he allowed himself to breathe her in. It made his heart race.
"Thanks brother."
When motel check in time finally rolled around, Gabriel had an arm around his little brother as they leaned on one another to make it back from the bar. It had been an interesting day to say the least.
"Um - my time isn't up yet, is it?" Cas asked.
A few minutes later, Dean was laying on Baby’s hood, hands behind his head, staring at the starry sky and trying to clear his mind.
"What?" Cas looked up questioningly.
He saw movement in his peripheral vision and snapped his head over in its direction to find Jack standing behind the bar. Jack leaned an elbow on the bar top, studying Cas intently. He was drying a pint glass with a white bar towel as a knowing smile spread over his face.
“What’s her name?”
“Hey!” Dean started, tense with anger, but Cesar was faster and louder:
The other man sank down onto the floor beside him, and he couldn't stop his body from listing sideways. He ended up leaning heavily into Cas’s warmth. Which, well, you didn’t have to tell him how alluring it was. Cas was not young, in the traditional sense of the word. He had two teenage kids, one of which he
, and, cruelest of all,
Yeah. ‘Oh’.
“Bravo, seatbelt please,” ASTERIA snipped.
He pushed the door to the pod he just
Looking from Novak to the table and back, Dean raised his own eyebrows but said nothing. They both knew who he’d meant. Novak could probably make some guesses about Dean based on that, and they’d even probably be true, but that didn’t for a second mean that Dean was going to open his mouth and confirm them. Saying nothing at all was best, according to the man himself. Dean could manage saying nothing.
“Hey!”
That earned him a sharp look from both men, but the one with the headphones quickly got pulled back by something that made him start writing in a frenzy again. Louisiana looked back at Headphones, shrugged, and said, “Of course he does. Why the fuck not. Make yourself at home, I guess, and we’ll sort this shit out when the call’s done.”
he hadn’t been alone in whatever he had been feeling. Emphasis on the past tense. Because in that moment, he couldn’t imagine even liking the smug, dictatorial bastard. (Let alone
By the time the third rider finishes his qualifying time with a ride that goes well but not as well as Dean’s, Dean’s hand has found its way next to Cas’s on the stadium bench, so close Cas can feel the radiating heat of his skin.
in the gentle evenings, curling together in bed after a long day, head on Cas’s chest. Listening to Cas’s heartbeat, feeling Cas’s chest rise and fall with breaths under his cheek, is terrifying and reassuring all at once. Cas is human, breakable; can die, and has even made some pretty serious attempts at doing so as if just to prove the point.
Because the next time he tinkered around and rebooted the whole system, the lights came on at full power. And they brought water, spatial scanning and ASTERIA with them. No lags, no spasms.
“Hey guys!” Sam attacked all of them with hugs, like an overzealous puppy. “It’s so tranquil here.”
Dean huffed, immediately regretting it. He muffled a groan as pain shot up his body. He opened his mouth to snark something when there was a loud thud, followed by a creaking sound. Claire paled.
"Imma need that door in a minute."
Something about it made Cas’s face shutter, though. Dean found out what that was immediately, when he found himself ignored as Cas rounded on Cesar and demanded of him, rather than Dean, “He’s a guide?”
Dean could hear raised voices before they reached the turn that brought the team into view. The man must’ve heard it before then, but he didn’t look surprised or concerned—for whatever that was worth. Once Dean could see the people involved and make out some of the words, it made sense; the redheaded woman was yelling something about variable power sources and a man whose shaggy mullet and half-shaved scruff couldn’t possibly fit under NEI’s dress code was brandishing some sort of three-branched cable at her and extolling its virtues. They were messing around, light-hearted and friendly, and Dean relaxed at it. Between that easy camaraderie and the momentary flash of humor from his cyborg companion, he was starting to feel hopeful that he’d fit on his new team.
Dean licked his lips, saw Novak’s eyes register the movement, tried, “Castiel.”
“But they’re not the only ones who got hurt. I heard… That is, I listened to you and Sam talking last night.”
Novak paused, studying Dean as though it had never even occurred to him that might be an issue. “It’s your decision,” he said finally, like he was doing Dean a favor by it. “I think we should do this, but if that makes you uncomfortable we can go back to standard procedure.”
“Iꟷ” the man paused, gaze straying back to Dean and catching. Dean couldn’t help but hold it. At some level, he almost felt dissociated, blankly watching while his brother’s head whipped between the two of them.
“Oh, uh, yeah. All of them have been. We get a lot of sentinels born in Kansas, but not nearly as many guides, and not all of those guides want to be cops. So those of us who do are always matched with a sentinel.”
“Would that be Commander Hess?” Cas responded with a disarming smile. Sam winced. Ketch’s expression darkened. “Or Professor Kendricks? Or perhapsꟷ”
Cas shook his head. “I know how to get back. I can control the implant, now that I know how it works, and if I link in that way again I can find Kevin Tran. Let’s finish this now.”
“Nope,” Kevin hummed. “But again, the lack of evidence doesn’t imply absence.”
More or less on its own, Dean’s head dropped to the side to lean against the door frame and he blinked a few times. Once again, he felt too slow reacting and not just because of his exhaustion—though that certainly didn’t help. He licked his lips, watched Cas’s eyes adjust without apparently losing their focus on him. Slowly, feeling sure he was missing something, he confirmed, “Whether I want to… tell our boss that I nearly broke my hand trying and failing to punch your face in?”
“It’s quite overwhelming to your kind, yes,” another voice interjected. “Welcome to Oziome, friends.”
Cas doesn’t join in, but he plays along; tolerates Dean’s over-the-top fawning with good humor and the slightest hint of something too solemn to be mischief tugging the edge of his mouth up. The words and actions may be exaggerated, but the feeling behind them is nothing but genuine, so when he scoots over on the shared bench seat until he’s all but sitting in Cas’s lap, or slings his arm around Cas’s shoulders and plants an overly showy kiss on his cheek, the smile he gets in return is real and warm and happy.
“It’s weird,” Dean admitted, “with you and Jimmy and how you look like Jimmy. That might take a bit of adjustment and wrapping my brain around, not gonna lie. But you’re not Jimmy. I’m never been—I mean, I guess I better check when he gets dragged back here, but I’m pretty sure I’m still not attracted to Jimmy.”
“Water is rationed right now, but Sam’s confident we can get it running in two days. ASTERIA might lag a little.”
“Mmhm,” he hummed, squeezing Cas hard, just to annoy him. He wasn’t disappointed; the man squawked. “Gotta wake up and lead the troops to battle, Commander.”
“I don’t know. It’s a lot to think about, but thank you for being willing to. All I know right now is that I don’t want to lose you or Jimmy or anyone here.”
Which was dumb, because no one had said that in decade, but Gabe wasn’t particularly bright either.
“It seems like you and Sam both thought I was acting weird. But ‘secret twin swap’ isn’t likely to come up as a possible explanation, when you didn’t even know I existed.”
“As long as Balthazar’s not lying about getting us out there.”
“You know,” the older lady mused. “You two should bang, while you still have time.”
Silence was a rarity in the sea of desks that housed the Chicago Police Department’s Violent Crimes Division. An impossibility, almost, with how many people were always working, even in the off hours. There were always phones ringing, people shouting across the room at each other, radios turned up in case something juicy came through and they didn’t want to wait for Patrol to call them out for it. Guys bullshitting each other about feuding sports teams or open cases or what they did with whom on their nights off.
“Don’t mind us, dearies,” Rowena trilled while Charlie hummed, “Awkward . . . huh?”
She made a little noise. Kaia laughed adoringly at her, “Will you just tell them?”
Dean didn’t like seeing him so vulnerable and open in front of as many strangers as filled the hall, though not everyone was blatantly staring at them. Staring at Cas, since they’d probably never seen anyone with mods like Cas’s and they didn’t even know about the wings. “We can get into it upstairs. Come on, if we’re gonna try this then your first bite should be the best Oregon has to offer.”
Chuck tugged him into one last hug. “I’m so proud of you,” he whispered fiercely into Cas’s hair. “I know I’m the world’s worst dad—no, it’s okay, I am,” he insisted when Cas tried to protest. “I’ve put you through so much and I’m never going to stop trying to be better. So go, have a great time, don’t worry about me. I can be a responsible adult for a little while.”
have time for this,” Rowena exclaimed. “You cannot possibly travel with eight passengers aboard that ship. Take your brother and
They couldn’t necessarily lie about going back, but none of them from Alpha to Echo had rehearsed their story. With too many conflicting versions, HQ had gone to Cas. Cas had told them the crew was protecting him. That he’d made the choice to return to retrieve Sam, all on his own.
“Yeah.”
It felt like an itch finally scratched. A gaping wound healed. Like a gulp of air after breaking through the surface of water. Like the touch of sunlight after years on a mirthless spaceship.
He’d groaned loud enough that the kids, in the other room and beyond a closed door, had started snickering. “You asshole.”
Cas clenched his jaw. “So, it’s possible that I
like that one. Wow, the last guy who’d received
“One,” he rasped. Sam pushed. “Two.” Sam pushed. He counted as Sam pushed, eyes locked on Cas’s face. What the hell had happened? “Thirty,” he called, jumping into action. Bent over, pinched his nose shut and pushed air into his lungs, willing them to take it. Once. Twice.
“I love you, baby. Always remember that.” She gave him the phone and a kiss on the forehead.
Eyes that glowed with an ethereal purple shine, which was his first clue, surveyed the three of them. The Oziomei looked fairly similar to humans. The geek in Dean had carefully cataloged and compared the Oziomei lifestyle with medieval Earth. It was probably why he liked the planet so much; it was straight out of LotR. (And he wasn’t admitting to anything, but if he ever went MIA, he’d probably be found on that planet.)
“Hey!” Dean yelped.
They spent a while longer getting settled, hearing about the camp’s safety rules, and meeting the other occupants of the cabin. Then their counselor, Garth, led them to the dining hall.
Though success was relative, in this case.
Dean suppressed a snort, watching Cas try to figure that one out without offending foreign royalty. He settled on a polite smile, “Thank you. The . . . helmet prevents us from inhaling the opiates in your airspace.”
“Let’s depart,” Charlie broke through, just as he’d been reaching out to trace the intricate, foreign engravings on a gun longer than his arm. He pouted a little bit at her and she laughed softly, reaching out to pat him on the head. “You are adorable, my friend. But we must leave.”
. Haha. You’re hilarious, you
Dean smoothed the front of his shirt and smiled vapidly. “Oh, I was but it was just a half day today. Since I had the time free, I wanted to make sure I had a nice dinner ready for Jimmy when he gets done. He’s so excited to be working for you, I know he must be really making sure he’s doing the best job. And that kind of dedication should be rewarded, don’t you think?”
It was a dumb, childish question that he regretted immediately, but it got the job done: Dean looked slightly less ready to throw the plate into his lap and flee at any moment.
Dad smiled. He took a few steps closer and paused. Claire fidgeted under the focus of the sappiness on his face. “What?”
“Cas, man,” Sam chuckled in disbelief. “God, it’s been too damn long.”
It was still horrible the second time around.
“Dad did this,” he frowned, looking down at it.
“Wrecked?”
Distracted away from his embarrassment, Cas admired the godawful cyanꟷ
Cas cocked an eyebrow at him, “I was trying to figure out what it was. Didn’t see the point in bothering everyone else when I could just do it on my own.”
“I’ve got better places to be. I’ll be back in a couple hours to make sure you don’t fall into the lake on your way back.”
Before anyone could fully process that, Sam barreled on, “And they’ve what, managed to take over their
He was zoning.
hurt, stay where you are. Now,” he grabbed Dean by the back of his collar, almost choking him to death. “I don’t have all day. I suggest you make a contribution to this conversation, before I feed the dogs.”
Charlie made a high-pitched sound but didn’t say anything. Dean glanced at her and she echoed his ‘tell ya later’ gesture at him. He snorted.
And how the fuck is he supposed to say no to
“Comms check,” Sam’s voice came clear over the CommsBud.
Even on the guy’s side as he was, Dean felt a shiver run down his spine. A bit of nerves, a bit of something else maybe. When that intensity wasn’t focused on him, it was, as Charlie said, pretty fucking badass. And he suspected it would have been even without any of the enhancements, natural or unnatural, that made Cas appear superhuman.
“I’d argue that I
to share with Cas, as a result. He paused. Grabbed the camera from the mess. Clicked a picture.
That line of thinking did pretty effectively kill his inconvenient boner, though. It also pushed his irritation far enough over the top that he decided to risk Novak’s wrath for the sake of arguing better operational efficiency. Novak had already put Dean close enough to talk without being obvious what it was about, but he took advantage and turned, just barely, but it was enough to put his mouth right at Novak’s cheek. Intimate distance, maybe even enough to pass for a kiss at a glance.
It wasn’t like he didn’t get it; he knew there were fuckers all over the department with their hands in the cookie jar. But that didn’t give Novak the right to accuse Dean of it, especially not to be such a colossal dick about it. Dean wasn’t an idiot for not figuring out what had been going on when there hadn’t been any reason to think that was what it was. No one had done anything to suggest it, including Novak himself, and Dean hadn’t assumed it was a standard suspicion for any newcomers.
Sex didn’t count as ‘strenuous activity’, okay? If anything, it was a relaxant.
“Maybe—” Charlie said like a flinch, reactive and over-loud, cutting off too soon.
It might be a week on Earth by the time they returned. Or a year. Or, worst case scenario, a decade. His gaze drifted towards Bobby. At risk of sounding sentimental, he warned the man that he would kick his ass if he bit it before they returned. With all due respect.
But at least it would’ve been something to do. He’d spent the past two weeks sitting on his ass—at least they’d let him keep the desk he chose—or pacing the airless dungeon he had to call home. It was almost enough to make him lose his goddamn mind with the boredom. The only thing even approaching excitement was when he had to occasionally put up with a lecture or test from Novak about the intricacies of the Styne hierarchy, but even that made him feel restless and useless. Meanwhile, Turner didn’t seem to care one way or another if Dean learned shit but was equally unwilling to let Dean anywhere near the equipment. Even Lafitte, once when the two of them were alone and a call came in, offered him a sympathetic smile but still picked up the headphones without giving Dean a chance to listen in.
“Rounding down, bitch,” Dean echoed half-heartedly. His hand trembled as he hit enter. “ASTERIA, turn on the boosters in 240 minutes.”
The man soon disappears through the crowd, and Cas finds Meg looking after him, too. A childish part of him wants to call dibs, that he saw the man first and claimed him by way of bodily contact, but he doesn’t. For one thing, the man’s clearly not interested enough to even bother making an excuse for why he had to run off after looking at Cas like that. For another, Meg would just see it as a challenge and she’s much more likely to be his type than Cas is.
His gaze slid noticeably away from Dean to the multiple cars parked in front of Dean’s house. It didn’t return; he just grunted and turned away, pulling the door open wider for Dean to follow him. “Phone’s under the stairs to your left. Don’t call long distance. Close the door on your way out.” Then he thumped off past the stairs and dropped into his armchair with a groan, attention already back on whatever was on television.
Just in case it got confusing:-
“Howdy, partner.” It’s the cheesiest thing Cas has ever heard. It’s also a lot more charming than it has any right to be, just like the soft smile that accompanies it. “I was hoping maybe you wouldn’t mind my company for the rest of the roughstock events.”
Cas had zoned straight into the cyberscape, no conduit, no traceable connection. Did that mean he was looking at Cas’s soul? He was so vulnerable, small and scared, and Dean’s nerves clenched on panic because he had no idea how to bring Cas back from it.
“Seriously,” Dean stared at her. “
“Dean,” Cas rasped. He winced, moving to sit up. Dean found himself drawing closer, one hand reaching under to lift him to a seat against the pillows. “What . . .” his voice seemed to give out, lips moving wordlessly.
“Jody. She’s—”
By some miracle, Dad managed not to make her cry as he walked her down the aisle. She made a mental note to get him a cookie later. When she saw Jack’s tie (perfectly knotted), she added two more recipients to the list.
Just don’t do anything yet, okay?
It was hard to concentrate on the scintillating convo with that goddamn tie looking like that.
Charlie inched a few steps closer. “Does that do anything? I mean, if the cyberscape’s not designed to generate that level of detail?”
“Time jump,” Cas confirmed.
“No, man, I’m tellin’ you something here,” Dean insisted. “You really wanna go back there?”
“Castiel, right?” the Brit smirked. As if to complete the slimy villain ensemble, he had raised scars spider-webbing from the corner of his mouth. They ticked grotesquely as he flashed them an oily grin. “I take it you received our message. Sorry if it seemed a little . . . dramatic.”
with a ten-foot pole. Or from another galaxy.
“Of course we did.” Charlie sounded equal parts smug and jokingly offended—he hoped jokingly, at least. It was a little disconcerting, talking to an empty room. Made him feel a bit like he was losing his mind, and also made it impossible to get a read on her. Cyberscape avatars weren’t particularly good for that most of the time anyway, but they would’ve revealed more than empty space did: if the she was looking at him or away, if her hands were moving and how. Her tone reminded him of when they’d met and she’d been happily arguing with Ash, so joking seemed more likely than not.
“I’ve heard they have a nice show set up at a joint called the Eagle, so try selling one of the paintings there.”
“The ship models, of course,” Rowena supplied, talking slowly. “You don’t know . . .” she looked around at their blank faces. “Oh. Oh, dearies. How do you humans even
“She’s not the only one,” Sam muttered darkly, coming over to help Dean with the straps of his suit. Dean returned the favor. “I’m pretty sure last night was my villain origin story.”
Barachiel nodded at Sam as he could see the man's understanding. Reaching out he brought his hand closer to Dean Winchester's chest and as it made contact it emitted a slight glow. Then continued the movement to Jimmy Novak and repeated the action of placing his glowing hand on the still chest.
“All of these years with you, Dean. Years spent fighting evil, other angel's, Amara. Doing everything you asked of me” Dean raised an eyebrow at the latter part of his statement, a slight smile played on his lips.
Looking mildly surprised at the interruption of his thoughts Dean replied "Huh,? Oh, nothing I was just thinking about Sam had said to me earlier about Rowena and her all girl band: the Celtic Coven." Dean watched as Cas could only nod at the answer. Raising his eyebrows in disappointed at the angel's lack of appreciation for his humor. Dean watched as Cas turned back towards the portal leading to the map room and walk through and into the other room to join Sam.
Opening the door to the cavernous garage Sam flipped on the overhead industrial lights and waited for the gigantic bulbs to flare into bright beams of luminescence. The light filled the space leaving only the  outer most areas closest to the walls in shadow. There were another set of switches that turned on the lights that would fill that space as well but Sam left them as they were. Stepping down the steps that led to the polished concrete of the parking area Sam began to walk down the aisle created by the collection of now classic cars the Men of Letters had acquired over the decades. Dean thought he had died and gone to heaven himself when he saw the collection but for Sam, it was the collection of old motorcycles that made his day.
Castiel looked from the door back towards the Impala. His mind set in the path he was now going to take with regard to Dean and all of the tangled feelings and emotions they both felt.
"I already know from previous experience that you and your brother Sam, have figured out how to get back into Hell and Purgatory by using your sometime best friend, the King of Hell, Crowley,"
Castiel returned his focus back on Sam and the old parchment he was now holding out in his direction looking at him expectantly.
Deciding that he had to get this human to understand what was at stake. Barachiel set a plan in place for some drastic measures to be taken in order to get his undivided attention.
Castiel wrinkled his brow and shook his head as he said "Well, it is mostly about controlling them. Something towards the end that indicates it could be used to call for some creatures as well."
Dean looked up quickly then nodded “Right! Jimmy Page and the words were written by Robert Plant, it was recorded in 1971. They both are from the U.K.”
The two angels returned to their respective vessels and when Castiel looked over towards Barachiel. Who was rolling his shoulders as if to adjust the fit of his vessel, he merely said "Follow me"
Dean stared back and weighed the implications of what he was asked to do and he understood perfectly. Because he wasn't really being asked at all but rather he was being told to leave this mess with Cas alone and do nothing. He and his brother Sam had a penchant for disregarding each others wishes and go on to risk everything in order to pull their proverbial bacon out of the fire. Even now, he knew Sam was back at the bunker pouring through the Enochian texts looking for away to get Cas out of his current predicament. And now he was being asked to put an end to that research.
"Dean, I need you to find it within yourself." having difficulty finding the right words to make this mortal understand. Barachiel changed tactics to be more direct and to the point. So that there would be no misunderstanding. "I need you to promise me Dean Winchester, that you will truly let him go" Barachiel waited before continuing to see if he understood.
"Change?" Dean was now more interested in Barachiel's story as he began to relate more of Castiel's beginning.
So here is the smut chapter. And it is pretty smutty.
Sam looked up as Dean took a seat at the table and shook his head when he saw Dean had eaten almost half of the pie. Looking over at Castiel he gave a big smile and said "Hey, Cas! Glad to see you."
"then..."
"Dean, I know that everything in you right now wants to fight for Cas." Sam paused when he saw Dean begin to answer but rather than wait he plowed on not allowing him to start "But Dean, we know Chuck. We have to believe that he didn't resurrect Cas all of those times just to toss him to Amara's part of the universe."  Seeing Dean sit across from him, his face drawn and utterly distraught. Sam's heart was breaking for Dean and the burden he was carrying. He hoped what he just said to Dean would make a difference, ease some of the concern he felt for Cas. It hadn't.
Shaking his head at the complicated situation he has now found himself. Barachiel decided to appeal to this Winchester in a way that he would understand.
Dean tried to imagine Castiel in any other vessel and found it difficult. Then he tried to decide if Cas would still be Cas if he were placed in a different vessel. He asked the other hard question "And what would be the worst case scenario?"
"You don't understand Dean. It was unheard of, when an angel is given his grace he was expected to move on to his assignment. No words spoken...this is God we are talking about. The creator of all things and this impudent angel just looked up and without a shred of reserve and says 'hello'." Barachiel paused as if remembering the whole event "Oh the uproar it caused with my Brothers but you know what my Father did when Castiel spoke?"
“Yeah...that’s it. Thank you, Castiel. I’m...just going to say goodbye to Ben.”
Cas had blushed and looked at the ground, allowing himself to be hopeful.
It made his heart pound hard in his chest again at the thought.
Cas's eyes were wide, but to Dean's surprise, blown with lust. He nodded with trembling breath.
"I love you, Cas", Dean whispered. He blinked slowly and a small smile hovered on his lips as he memorized this last moment.
"Thanks Sam." Cas slowly stood up and looked towards the door to the kitchen as he squeezed Sam's shoulder empathetically.
Cas didn't hesitate to get in the driver's seat. He couldn't ever turn down the offer to drive Baby. And he liked seeing Dean in the passenger seat covered in rows of rainbow colored flowers. His tough hunter, suddenly so beautifully soft and temporarily excited about gardening. The day couldn't possibly get any better.
“Of course not. It was porn.” She giggled lightly and Gabriel gave her an extreme death stare.
“She wants me to call her back. Can I…?”
Dean counted the points silently and recorded them on his scorecard, which happened to be the back of the pad of notes that Sam had been keeping for a vamp case that he was planning on taking this week. When Sam saw it, a slow realization drifted like poison through his mind: that was it. That was the case...their last case. He held his breath and tried not to let his mind go back down the "what if" rabbit hole again. Not yet. He took Eileen's hand and guided her out of the room as he remained lost in thought.
"Yeah." Cas felt a sudden inner peace. It was delightful.
“Gabriel, what? Tell me!”
"Probably a little too much?" There was a smile in his voice.
"Don't walk away. Don't you dare."
When he reached the door, he threw it open and was greeted by pouring rain. He looked out into the dark, straining to see what was in front of him, but all he could see was velvet black between curtains of rain. Where was he going to go? He couldn’t go back to heaven already - Jack had given him a gift by allowing him to come back here. But he couldn’t stay now...could he?
Dean noticed that lately, Cas's voice went up an octave when he was particularly approving of something he had done, and he liked it. He took the opportunity to dive on to Cas, pinning his arms to the bed and kissing him deeply, coffee breath and all. He didn't even care.
"Go find Dean", Sam whispered.
He didn't know how long they stood under the warm shower water before Cas finally pushed away, fixing Dean with his wide blue eyes.
"What about Cas?"
Dean pulled his phone out of his pocket and handed it over. "Why don’t you just punch the address into maps?”
“Hey Anna? Pour me another one, too. I think we need to drink a while and reminisce more on happier things, don’t you?”
“Whenever you can get here. I don’t want you to have to rush, so just whenever you’re ready. The wake is at 5pm. I talked to Anna last night and she reserved us a motel room - she’s going to be there, too.”
"Is it OK if we just stay here? Like this? Would you stay here until I fall asleep?"
"Should I have one of the kitchen staff bring tea?" Sam asked.
“A little too long.” Dean let the silence fill the air between them for a second before it became unbearably awkward. “Should we...go and plant those flowers while we wait for Sam?” He smiled at Cas, trying to divert the conversation.
It took only seconds for the both of them to be in a deep sleep.
"You son of a bitch," Dean whispered angrily, and withdrew his hands from Cas to grab a coffee cup and throw it hard against the wall so it shattered. Sam and Eileen were still sitting at the table, not sure what to do.
“What happened Cas? How are you here? We’ve been searching for something to bring you back, but we hadn't found anything useful yet.”
“You...were burned quite badly, Dean. We have been thanking the Lord every day and night that you got out of there somehow; it’s a miracle.”
“I’ll only kiss you when...I get the real Cas back. This Cas.” He leaned in again, and this time he was rewarded with a kiss from the softest, fullest lips he had ever felt. Dean groaned as he slipped his tongue between them, searching for reciprocation. Cas responded eagerly, pushing Dean back onto Baby’s hood.
“What kind of pizza do you want?” Dean ignored Cas’s comment about yelling.
"A Christmas baby! That's unfortunate. He'll always have to compete with the biggest holiday of the year for attention." She said it with a playful smile.
"All of the kinds, pretty much. But when you're talkin' dessert? Probably cherry."
"Um. I...have never had sex with a man before."
"You do?"
"Sam!" He said it with so much warmth.  "Come on in and I’ll show you both what I’ve done with the place.”
"How...did you get my number?"
They sat in comfortable silence after their exchange, and Dean wondered if this was a good time to ask Cas out to lunch. At this point he knew he would never forgive himself if he didn’t. But before he could say a thing, there was a soft knock on the front door.
The first time that Dean Winchester ever saw Castiel was at a gallery opening on Bath street in London.
“Oh...ok. Because that’s better?” Dean was surprised by how angry he sounded suddenly.
Dean groaned weakly and his eyes flickered, but they didn't open. Cas felt for Dean's hand and it was cold as ice. His hunter's face was also dangerously cold. In a panic, he put his arms around Dean's torso and pulled him up against his own warm chest and wrapped him in his coat. Cas didn't know what to do without his powers - he had never felt so helpless. He rocked back and forth, trying to warm the limp, cold body in his arms, letting tears fall in Dean's hair.
"Oh wow, yeah. Thank you."
Seems like you get two slammed in your face
Cas turned the radio up to full volume in Gabriel's car and sang along with "All out of Love". He knew it was obnoxiously off key, and he didn't even care. Naomi’s dry-cleaning flapped haphazardly out the rear window, and he didn't care about that, either.
Dean didn't know how to respond. Her description hit a little too close to home and talking about it was obviously making Hannah feel sad.
"Jesus, Cas. I'm sorry. I wish I was there with you."
“Yeah, fine. It’s just hot. I needed some air. In fact, I think I’m going to walk in the garden and see if the breeze doesn’t help.”
Dean wanted to push Cas up against the wall and kiss him more than he had ever wanted to do anything in his life. Cas was the perfect combination of sexy and cute, and his vulnerability kicked Dean’s protective instinct into high gear. He didn’t even know this Naomi person and he already wanted to kick her ass. But he supposed at the moment the best he could do was keep Cas from getting fired.
wasn’t the one who had to make that first terrifying move. He had pushed those feelings way down, trying to suffocate them for so long that he thought maybe they were gone.
“Raguel. He was...good. I fought beside him for thousands of years, and many of us mourned his death deeply. Although we were never told how he died.”
"You can feel it, can’t you?” Cas breathed as he pulled away for a moment. “Your grace?” He was taking off his boots then, and moved to unbutton Dean's shirt slowly...thoughtfully.
Ben made a pouty face but did end up eating most of the cereal as well as the marshmallows, so Dean considered that a win.
"How old is he?" Dean tried to save the conversation.
Ben took the liberty of snagging their favorite booth at the diner - the one closest to the toy shelf where he liked to pick a coloring book and crayons to bring to the table before food came sometimes. Dean could tell today would be different - Ben was having too much fun enjoying Cas’s company to want to color.
Ben settled on a picture of a bee and a sunflower and became quiet as he colored.
"All I want is to grab a few things, Raph. That's it. Then I will leave and never come back. In the meantime, please fuck off if you're not going to be nice."
"Why were you listening to my conversation?"
Dean knew Sam was right, but nothing much seemed important beyond his search for Castiel.
“I’ll get you some water,” Anna said.
“Sam.” He stepped through the door frame onto the stairway landing and wrapped Sam in a vice like hug. Cas noticed that Sam looked drawn. He had prominent dark circles under his eyes, as though he hadn’t been sleeping, and he wondered what had happened since he had been taken by The Empty. It had only been a week, but Sam looked like death.
"What about you, Sam? What about us? It's always been us."
“Cas.” Gabriel suddenly felt guilty. The burden now of having known that he pulled Cas out of Dean’s bed this morning to come here and face a lot of bygone bullshit for the sake of pride made his stomach churn. “I am...so sorry.”
But what went down came true
"Oh. Well...I'm...gay?" He didn't mean for it to sound like a question, but he had never said it out loud before and it felt weird; but good weird.
“I think you’re right, Sam.”
"What?!" Sam and Dean said it in unison.
Dean went down hard and fast. One minute he looked like a five-year-old on Christmas morning and then suddenly he was on the floor, dry heaving and crawling to the bathroom.
"I would like that."
When John had disappeared back up the hill and into the cabin, Sam fixed Dean with a meaningful look.
Why was life so confusing? She tried again to unravel all the threads pulling her in different directions so she could have an intelligent conversation with Dean when she went to pick Ben up. She even grabbed Dean a coffee from his favorite coffee shop, and a piece of cherry pie for later. She knew he would smile at that.
“I’m starving. Yeah, let’s get pizza. I’m not eating your gross veggie pizza though. Get a pepperoni one, too. Oh, and Cas probably wants ham and pineapple. "CAS?!” Dean yelled towards the hallway and Cas appeared a moment later in sweatpants and a loose t-shirt, drying his dark, crazy hair with a towel.
"Meet us at eleven, Cas? Bobby's Auto Shop on 5th?"
"Forty five minutes. Let's go. Get some water. There's some sandwiches in the fridge, too. Some ice packs. I have an LED lantern, just in case. Some blankets…"
Cas felt flattered. He swung his legs on to the couch and snuggled under the blanket, feeling a warmth and acceptance that he absorbed greedily. He knew he would be asleep in seconds if Dean stayed in the room with him.
He felt Cas smile into their kiss and confirmed it was true.
“It was the best night of my life until about 5am, thanks.” He raked his fingers through his hair and wandered into the kitchen to pour himself a cup of coffee.
And then the bedroom door was opening, and Dean was walking away. He turned for a moment to look back. "There are towels in the hall closet if you want to clean up more. Shower's yours." He winked and Cas heard the water in the bathroom running as Dean did his own damage control before returning to Ben and Lisa.
Gabriel contemplated for a moment before nodding his head and squeezing Balthazar’s hand more tightly.
“You know, as great as that sounds, I don’t need to add that to the list of impulsive, dumb shit that I’ve done lately. But if you don’t mind, I will amuse myself with the thought.”
“I’m sorry, I’ve said too much.” Anna didn’t look as guilty as her sentiment implied she was. She was obviously enjoying herself.
"How're you doing, Cassie? Quiet as ever, I see. Still queer? Huh? Look at me, Cassie. Say somethin. You got a boyfriend now? You let him f-"
"Cas?"
"Oh, no, it's fine. Sorry, I wasn't expecting it, that's all." Dean laughed and reached out a hand to the woman. "I'm Dean."
The piece was of a forest at dusk. The colors of the fading light in the sky bled into the trees with expert artistry, making heaven and earth become infinite with one another in hues of brilliant blue and green. It almost seemed as though there was a hum coming from it; as though it was speaking to him. It was exquisite and he had half a mind to purchase it.
The delight on his son's face made Cas weak in the knees. He immediately knelt down to open his arms as the screen door slammed and Jack rushed to him.
After the door shut behind Lisa, he washed dishes, humming under his breath and thinking about Cas.
"I wish you would have left me your number this morning. I thought...I really thought you left because we took things to fast or somethin."
“Yeah. Sure,” she said softly. Lisa didn’t want to be doing this. She loved Dean, and her son Ben was crazy about him. But she knew that they couldn't work. They had plenty of great moments and happy memories in the six years that they were together, but their love only ever went so deep. They had really stayed together for Ben in the end. She was convinced of that.
"Dean? How are you?"
“Are you awake?”
"When Lisa left, I talked to God, Sam. For the first time since mom died. Remember when she used to have us kneel by the bed and say all the things we were thankful for?"
Cas's ability to keep his life together had gotten increasingly worse over the last handful of years after he got Hannah pregnant, and as hard as he tried to fix things, he kept taking one step forward and two steps back. Gabriel was scared if Cas didn't start finding ways to heal soon, he wasn't going to make it.
Dean drifted in and out of consciousness once he was tucked safely in to a vacant room at the Inn, finding himself enveloped in nightmares where the smoke demon visited him and burned him from the inside out. His level of physical pain was beyond excruciating.  And when he was awake, he heard very little beyond vague whisperings from his bedside about his worsened condition.
Swear words sounded wrong coming out of Cas, Dean decided.
After a few more minutes of sleepy reflection and a little internal pep talk, he decided he would make coffee. He was sure Dean would have to be at work at some point and he would kill to see a sleepy smile from his rescuer when he brought him a cup.
“I’m...sorry. Can I charge my phone so I can call an Uber?”
"Yeah."
"Just for a little while", Dean murmured, and he pulled Cas's arm around his chest. Cas smiled secretly, realizing he had misinterpreted the request at first. But he was ready for this...snuggling, he was pretty sure it was called. Spooning, maybe? It didn't matter. Whatever it was, it made him feel warm, and he molded himself to the contour of Dean's body and closed his eyes, his head buried comfortably in Dean's neck.
Dean took a deep breath when he entered back in to his silent, empty home, and he immediately picked up the phone to call the boys; his support network, the ones who would be able to help him through this. He couldn’t spend his first night by himself - he knew it would be too easy to drink alone and drown his sorrows, and he’d been down that road before. It sucked.
"Dean?" He tried again, and suddenly his older brother seemed to remember where he was.
He had expected it to be another day of exhaustive conversation and too much sherry with other members of the social elite, and would have skipped the event entirely were it not for the insistence from his younger brother that he attend. Dean could never say no to Sam, who was courting a young lady that was sure to be in attendance. Sam never liked to go to these kinds of soirees alone, and so Dean indulged him with minimal complaint. It was true that if there were a type of event that he enjoyed the most, it was those where he could enjoy art and take mental notes to help in his own artistic development; sketching was a secret hobby that he enjoyed. He found it to be a way to escape from the day to day frivolities and exhaustive expectations of  life as a wealthy Winchester.
“I guess not?” Cas said, taken aback. He watched Dean grab his phone and hand it over resentfully.
Cas hated that Raphael turned towards him next.
“Again, my apologies.” Castiel re-entered the room swiftly, carrying two glasses and a bottle of sherry with him, which he promptly poured and handed one of the glasses to Dean, who drank deeply before deciding to commit to a new sketch. Castiel was right; he hadn’t ever drawn anything from life, and he was curious as to whether it would make a difference in the way his images looked. His preferred drawing tool was pencil, but he liked the way the charcoal felt in his hand when he picked it up.
“I’m happy I’m not alone right now,” Cas heard himself say. “Thank you.”
“Want pizza?” Sam changed the subject.
“Oh, he does,” Sam said, and immediately felt guilty for sounding exasperated.
Cas’s shoulders slumped.
Her phone dinged as she returned to her car. She had a text message from Dean:
After work, Dean, Bobby, and Ben went for burgers at Charlie's diner again. Ben had been talking about Cas all day. So  over dinner, Bobby asked for the scoop. Dean sent Ben to find a coloring book so he wouldn’t hear the conversation.
the flames
"Dean? Thank you again for this. For everything."
Dean and Sam got a quick tour and a rundown of updates of the cabin and threw their bags in the bunk room at the top of the stairs. Dean started to sense that John hadn't been living here alone somehow, but he didn't bring it up. Not yet. He figured the opportunity to ask would come up at some point.
“So...what protected me after they were gone? After the tear?” Dean still couldn’t believe he was hearing all of this. It stung to know that his parents had died for him. But he would have time to pursue the details of that, he was sure. In the moment, there was so much more to learn.
He came back to the present when he heard a car pull up.
, he thought, and the idea brought him comfort.
"That's ridiculous, Dean. Our whole lives have been full of risks. You've never hesitated to take them before when it was for the best. What's changed?"
Sam had Eileen now, and somehow he knew if he talked to Sam about his revelations and his decision, that Sam would be angry at first - he would fight him - but then he would accept it. And Sam would be able to live the type of life that neither of them ever dared to think that they could have once he was gone.
you are ready
No one could fall for you quite like me
"That's hard. I'm sorry. Do you think you’ll ever reconcile?"
"Ok. Well, I can't make your mind up for you. But what you have with Cas is the best damn thing that's ever happened to you. It changed you."
If you'd only let me live inside of mine
“Yeah?”
"Cas just called you, didn't he?"
“Cas! Who is it?” Dean asked again. Cas couldn’t answer - he was too busy trying to make himself more presentable.
“You know it was him that pulled you out?” Sam asked.
That's when you need someone
"You got it Sammy", he whispered, and stood up abruptly.
"Me, too."
He remembered the first day he had spent with Eileen being intimate and it still made his heart race to think about it. They hadn't left his room for anything except snacks and glasses of water for two days, and it had been the most mind blowing two days of his life. He was pretty sure that he had walked into Dean and Cas's first day together, by the looks of things. He took a deep breath before he opened the car door, looking towards heaven and praying to Jack that this wasn't going to get any more awkward than it already was.
Do we make sense, I think we do
"Hurry up, dessert. I'm hungry."
At first his heart pounded in his ears and he was afraid. But the fear melted immediately when Dean leaned in to him without a word, and wrapped him in a strong hug. Cas knew he was crying by the way his shoulders shook, and Cas reciprocated by wrapping his arms around Dean's neck, holding him close.
“It’s his,” Dean whispered.
"How was your shower?" Sam smirked at him. He could tell Dean was going to say something sarcastic until Cas appeared and rendered him speechless.
He put his hands tentatively on Cas's cheek and pulled their faces together until their foreheads touched. His blood suddenly felt warm and his heart was racing as the residual effect of his drunkenness cleared.
"I remember dad made us rebuild the porch. That's when I ruled out carpentry as a living." Gabriel chuckled. "Remember when I turned fourteen and I kissed that boy in the front yard? I don't even remember his name anymore."
There was a long silence on the other end of the phone and something told Sam to remain quiet while Dean sorted through his thoughts.
Dean breathed in sharply as the paper fell away, revealing Castiel’s infinity painting. And without any ability left to hide his emotion, Dean put a hand to his forehead and wept silently, trying to make sense of it all. What did all of this mean? He was confused and in extreme physical and emotional pain as he sat with Sam in silence, starting back and forth between the handprint on his arm and the painting in front him.
Dean sat at Bison Bud’s Bar alone, waiting for Sam. After 3 shots of whiskey and a beer, he was starting to become impatient - how long could it possibly take to...he forgot what Sam was actually even doing at this point. He pulled out his phone to call his brother, but it was dead. He rolled his eyes and looked around for a pay phone, spying one in the parking lot. He checked his pockets for quarters and found two that he had been saving for the jukebox. Hopping down from the barstool he was perched on, he made his way to the door. The blue and red light from the “open” sign shone on him as he exited.
to walk through
Cas pushed up against Dean encouragingly when Dean hesitated,  groaning as Dean recovered and pulled Cas's pants down just enough to free his erection. He started stroking him with expert hands and Cas whimpered, thrusting up excitedly in to Dean's grip, his breath hitching and his eyes rolling back in his head as he tried to curb his desire to come so soon. Dean saw the effect he was having and pulled away to give Cas time to recover. The effects of the drugs were heightening all of their emotions even more than before, and Dean wanted to make this last as long as he could.
He continued around the building to the back, and that's where he saw him. Cas's heart fluttered nervously for a moment, and then started pounding as fear gripped him tight. Dean was motionless on the ground, partially covered with his leather jacket. Next to him was an empty bottle of whiskey.
He had always wanted to make his father proud - he had worshipped John growing up. Wanted to be a cop just like him. Wanted the people from his hometown to look at him with as much respect as they did John. And John had always looked at Dean with so much pride. He was the favorite - he knew it, and Sam knew it. But Dean got to see a dark side of John when he talked about Benny that one time. It scared the daylights out of him. He had tried to reform himself with Lisa, partially to prove himself to John. And all that did was hurt him, and hurt Lisa, and worst of all hurt Ben. He could feel the anger welling up inside. What a joke. He was living a lie. He had been stuck in Hell for way too long, and now Cas was pulling him out, minute by minute.
And nothing else matters
“What the fuck, Cas? Get out of my head! GET...JUST GET OUT.”
Cas was distracted by Dean’s perfect profile after he dialed Naomi’s number, and he forgot where he was and what he was doing for a minute.
“I don’t know about that.” Dean left the shelter of the doorway and wandered toward Cas, hands in his pockets, immediately saturated by the rain that was still falling heavily in the darkness.
"Benny?"
Dean had the Impala in the driveway and was putting a cooler in the backseat when Cas emerged through the front door. It was a perfect, sunny fall day. He hoped that whatever they were doing would be outside, and by the looks of the cooler, it would be. He didn’t think they had ever had a picnic outside before - it sounded perfect.
“I would be in your debt - I honestly can’t afford a tow truck right now.” Cas hung his head and looked at the ground. He realized that he might  be coming across as totally creepy right now, knocking on a stranger's door late at night and asking for help like this. But he was pretty much out of options.
When they made it home after dinner, Dean got Ben ready for bed and under the covers by 8. He had considered letting him stay up to watch a movie, but Lisa would be unhappy if she found out he was up past his bedtime again. Dean and Ben had spent too many nights in the past watching movies and cartoons together way past when Ben should have been asleep. He didn't need any more reasons for Lisa to resent him right now.
"You had me at pie."
"Mom asked me to look out for the place while she helps with the arrangements for the wake."
Dean watched Cas fold his jacket and set it neatly underneath him on the asphalt, drawing his knees up and putting his chin on them. He wondered if he had ever seen anything more adorable in his life. With the blue eyes and dark, messy sex hair, it took everything in his power not to stare at the angel sitting in his driveway. He was sure that God had just dropped Castiel there in front of his house at a time that he needed it most, and his mind whirred with questions. Would it be weird if he invited him in for a drink? He decided it would be. What if he asked Cas to lunch when he came to pick up his car the next day? That seemed less creepy. The guy looked miserable, and maybe they could cheer each other up if nothing else.
"He looks hungrier than you,” Ben said matter-of-factly.
"I sure do, buddy. Should we both have some?"
"Cas?" He didn't see him right away, but then his melancholy, angelic face appeared over the back of the couch.
“You said you wouldn’t kiss me again until I got Jimmy back?” The familiar, gravelly voice and unruly hair made Dean smile, and he looked at the ground, deciding what his next move should be. He was painfully aware that Cas was moving closer to him.
He poured generous portions of cereal into two bowls while Ben swung his feet excitedly at the table.
"Can you call him in about an hour? I'll give you his number. He's hurting a lot right now. I think it would help him to hear from you."
Their energy became carnal as they climaxed together, their eyes shut tight, trying not to be too loud while rapidly rutting into each other, heads in each others' shoulders to muffle their moans. They weren't even using their hands anymore by the end, relying solely on the friction from rubbing together to prolong the sensation from their orgasms as they came down, hanging on to each other for dear life.
"Oh? What about?" Sam heard Dean sigh deeply on the other end of the phone and was momentarily concerned.
“Jack? He actually came?” Now Sam really started looking weepy. “I prayed to him...couldn’t really think of any other way to get him an invite, but I never in a million years actually thought he would show up.”
“I got my ch -” Cas stepped through the front door and stopped to look at the dining table directly to the left.
He fell asleep when they got back in the car again, and didn't wake up until they pulled into the long gravel driveway of their childhood home. Cas's whole body trembled with a mixture of fear and apprehension.
He had done it. Somehow.
by Metallica is very personal to me. It seemed appropriate for this - I hope you agree!
Dean had made his way to the dining room table with his beer and was staring off into space, thinking about something.
"Maybe later?"
"Little Cassie. All grown up and crying like a baby." His face changed from amused to menacing. "Go home, Cas. You and Gabe. Dad wouldn't want you here."
"You know it makes me nervous when he shows up here like that. It's never good news when he does."
He took one of the low ball glasses and winked at Cas before pushing the whiskey and the cosmo towards her. “Take your pick.”
, he thought. He wanted to sink into the ground, but instead found himself accepting the glass that Castiel offered. Castiel had put his tan coat back on and expertly pieced his entire ensemble back together, and even thought to bring Dean his coat back as well, which he handed to him with the sherry.
Dean ignored the curiosity that rose up in his chest and feigned annoyance.
"Dean? Thank you. The conversations we had today...I needed this."
"I know, baby. We should go home now, OK?"
Cas hadn’t slept that well in ages. He woke feeling rested. He was also crushing on Dean - big time.
It's all our own
“Cas, you can’t be doing that. You know it gets Jack’s hopes up. You have to schedule your visits.” She closed her eyes and rubbed her forehead, suddenly looking tired.
"I want to do something nice for Cas."
It turned into a small yelp of surprise when a hand suddenly touched his rapidly swelling cock.
Cas nodded and stared at the seat. “I’m sorry that I...get on your nerves sometimes,” he said quietly.
"It would have ruined the surprise." Cas smiled softly. "Do you want to go inside? I've got dinner to go with the pie, too." Cas's suggestion was a welcomed olive branch.
in scrawling handwriting.
Dean looked up slowly from his hand, his head encircled by a halo of cigar smoke. He fixed his brother with a look of annoyance and his green eyes flickered.
Cas blushed, forgetting about everything but the time he had left to love this beautiful man.
As soon as the last light began to disappear from the sky that evening, Dean announced his departure to several of the house staff before alighting in his smallest carriage with childlike excitement, bound for Jack’s crossing in the artists’ quarter.
"Hmmmm?" He pulled himself back to the present to focus on Cas.
"Yeah?"
Dean could tell she was nervous - she was shaking a little, and her breathing was shallow. He tried to swallow the lump in his throat, still lost in her eyes. He let himself explore his feelings and dove deep to see if he could find that piece of  himself that was in love with his best friend, now that there was an opening for him to express himself the way he wanted - now that
Dean wasn't going to let Cas take an Uber home. The defeat on that man's face when his boss called to fire him was unbearable to watch. A dark shadow seemed to pass over Cas' expression and hover there, and Dean was actually afraid for a moment. This obviously wasn't the first time Cas had experienced something like this. It was as though he had expected it to happen. As if moments like this were just part of life for him.
A tear escaped. He silently cursed it and wiped it away. He was pretty sure at this point that if he started crying, he wouldn't be able to stop. It had been the weirdest three days of his life and he hadn't had time to grieve or think or process anything.  He held his breath. Hannah noticed.
It's not your laughter
As he gently read Cas's thoughts, Jack's eyes widened and he abruptly withdrew his hand before helping Cas to his feet. Cas's eyes were red, his face swollen from tears.
"Find Cas, Dean. But...please come home. I still need you. We all do."
His eyes were watery. Hannah was watching them with curiosity. Lisa went to gather Ben up and found herself feeling satisfied with how things were going. She watched Dean hug Ben tightly and promise him another “guys night” soon. It made her happy to think that things might still work out OK, despite everything.
“Yep! Eileen taught me how to make quiche last week. And the napkins are yellow like sunshine; like you.” Dean smiled a goofy smile and started cutting the quiche. “Did you think about me while you were in there?”
he thought. And in the meantime Cas had to remind himself that Dean needed consistency and he needed his family and things that were familiar, and that's why going back to the bunker was so appealing. Cas wanted to be all of those things for him; he was confident that he could be. But what if they couldn't agree on this? Cas didn't think he could live in the bunker for long after experiencing his new life with Dean over the past six months. He could do without the monotony of their daily schedules, but there was something special about having a place of their own to live in. He sighed deeply and rubbed his hands across his face. He definitely needed to talk to Sam now and figure out what to do, because he was feeling lost.
Right when he thought about giving up on their return, Dean appeared in the doorway, whistling happily as he slid into his chair. Sam studied him from across the table in silence until Dean asked the obvious question:
You've been lonely too long
"I need a shower", Dean said to the wall, as he sauntered past Sam and punched him playfully. "Thanks for making breakfast Sammy."
Prepare for major character emotional breakdown/shock, mention of possible major character death and themes of homophobia.
“You went to college?”
3 months later:
Cas pushed them up in to a seated position and guided Dean up on to his knees. Dean looked down and realized for the first time that all of his scars were gone. He was as good as new. Except for the hand print on his arm; he could still see and
"And I'm Jack,” Jack said matter-of-factly.
"Almost four years now. He visits from time to time with permission."
"Dean?"
"I...don't know."
"Does it feel that way?"
"You should let Ben teach you about obstacle courses. I bet he would love to show you all of his tricks."
"What?" Cas was confused.
Dean opened his eyes and found himself alert. And upon focusing on the room, he indeed saw Castiel standing at the door, wearing his tan overcoat, hair disheveled, talking softly with Donna. Castiel glanced over to Dean’s bed then, and strode quickly across the room to kneel beside him.
He found himself at his favorite park a short time later, sitting on a bench near a fountain. The sound of the falling water calmed his nerves, and he leaned forward, hands folded on his knees, contemplating his life for the thousandth time. He needed to find a job, he knew that. He needed to continue working on Hannah - prove to her that he could be a stable, reliable father for Jack. And he needed Dean. That was new, and that part left him feeling conflicted. It was scary. He didn't know how to do relationships very well.
“Cas…”
"Don't what me, Dean. You haven't had such a dreamy look on your face for years. Are you and Lisa finally taking the next step?"
He looked at her guiltily.
He had to park several blocks away - the main street was busy, and the shop parking lot was full. But the fall air was perfect, and Cas didn't mind stretching his legs in the slightest. The walk was cleansing. It allowed him to reflect on his day so far, and he considered his two stops to be as satisfying as could be expected.
He watched Cas working on what was evidently a pie crust - he could tell that’s what it was now that it was being shaped into the base of a tin. Cas’s dark hair fell across his face, and he bit his lip while he worked, softly humming and smiling to himself. Dean held his breath, trying not to think about all the things that he wanted to do to Cas's body right now. He was happy the music had stopped so he could have an actual conversation with the chef.
"Hannah?"
Dean’s mind was suddenly a jumbled mess. Seeing Cas at all after assuming he was gone for good was shocking enough. Seeing him like this was making his mind short circuit. He couldn’t decide if he was intrigued or appalled by the new choice of vessel.
"Then Cas landed on my doorstep. He’s named after a goddamned angel and he's...more lost than I am. We connected really fast. But I need to fix myself before I can start an honest relationship with him. As hard as it’s going to be to face up to dad...I need to. No more hiding who I am. I’ve never felt so compelled to protect someone as fiercely as Cas. Except you, Sam, and you can take care of yourself now. You don’t need me anymore.”
He heard it - he swore he heard it.
"This is just...different."
Last week, when he woke up at Gabriel's for what seemed like the hundredth time, his brother was sitting at the end of the guest bed studying him. He looked exhausted...maybe even defeated. Cas knew his cycle of hitting rock bottom over and over was exasperating, and Gabriel's words from that morning had stayed at the forefront of his mind since:
He checked his phone and wondered why he was awake at 6:30am without an alarm, then realized he smelled coffee brewing. He also noticed he was covered in a blanket that hadn’t been there when he fell asleep.
Sam looked at Eileen and shook his head, his eyes widening in defeat. He was relieved to see that Eileen was considering the scene with amusement.
"Jesus Cas, you're going to kill me. You don't know what you do to me. What happened to just spooning?" He threw the blanket back so he could watch. His cock in Cas's mouth was the hottest thing he had ever seen. It was tentative and he could tell Cas was nervous. He resolved to talk him through it, so he didn't panic, and let him know it was OK to stop if it got uncomfortable.
"I think it's going to be different this time, Hannah."
Dean slid a giant wedge of quiche onto Cas’s plate and refilled his coffee. He followed it up by filling small glass cups with orange juice and setting a bag of arugula in front of Cas. “I hate this stuff, but I know you like it, so I got some. Sam says it's good with quiche.” He moved around the bar to sit next to Cas in front of an equally large piece of the breakfast pie. Cas still hadn’t started eating. He was too busy getting over this new Dean Winchester that was sitting next to him. Never in a million years had he thought he would be crazy in love with, and much less engaged to, a partially domesticated, sassy, soft, flannel wearing monster hunter. But dammit if he wasn’t thinking about jumping into Dean’s lap and kissing him to death right now so he wouldn’t explode from the happiness that was trapped in his chest.
"Yes, Dean and it is quite a story at that. Although, I will tell you, that I only recently found out that our mutual friend, Castiel may have no real memory of what I am about to tell you."
“We have about seven hours now.” silence from the back seat. “Dean...”
Barachiel paused a moment to assess the condition of the mortal at his feet and could see that the thinner air and sudden change to warmer weather was causing the man some discomfort. So with the flick of his hand a small buffet of various liquids and some food appeared beside him. Dean looked over and grabbed a bottled water and nodded his thanks. Satisfied his audience of one was more comfortable or at least less thirsty he continued his story.
Dean thought about the Castiel and found himself getting a little defensive on his behalf "What could he possibly have done to make them do that?"
“What about Dean?”
“Don't ever feel Dean, that you waited too long or left something unspoken” placing his hand over Dean's heart. He continued “I always knew Dean what you had in here and Dean I want you to know that I always loved you back.”
"Dean, he said to me 'Castiel! Don't ever change'”
Also, I took some liberties with Dean's time in Purgatory and how he was rescued.
"You say that like it is a bad thing." Dean responded uncertainly. "Cas, you have to stop this crazy talk and tell me what gives..."
Castiel looked down at the damp ground and said "Yes, I have..." and before he could elaborate further a screaming sound from below interrupted him and looking in the direction from which it came. He saw the demon's were again patrolling and a group of them had decided to start tormenting one of the smaller demons.
Smiling grimly Castiel became reflective and took time to consider what Crowley just told him.
“Well, sometimes I get a sixth sense about things. Mostly it's just a sense when a demon is close by or old evil I call it. I think it is something that got left over...left in me from when you possessed me. It was brief but...I don't know. It's what I like to think”
"Hmmm" Castiel placed the parchment back down as he continued "yes, I imagine she is trying to strengthen her knowledge in mind control. It seems to be her specialty and she could just be expanding her repertoire." leaning over to point at the last section of the document Castiel provided more details. "This down here though, it talks about using the Nymph's power to control the creatures of Hades...or Hell. This particular paragraph mentions a Greek Nymph by the name of Orphne. She is supposed to be a resident of the Underworld."
With soft fluttering sound, the two men appeared at the edge of a muddy parking lot for a local diner slash dive bar. Castiel had chosen this because even though it was closer to the Winchester's bunker, it was not frequented by the Winchester brothers much due to as Dean put it "dry as a hockey puck hamburgers" .
Castiel looked at Claire and forced himself to meet her eyes.
“Am I dead?"
"Oh, yes. Lucifer is lobbying for you to be found guilty for your crimes in-absentia. He feels your slaughtering Angels, pretending you were God and purging Earth of sinners and for the love of Dad, Castiel. You helped Lucifer escape and even set in motion his kid being born. Hell, Castiel. Everyone in heaven feels this is enough to warrant you being found guilty and cast down into Hell. Just like our dearest brother: Lucifer. "
Dean was not familiar with giants himself but he knew their friend turned werewolf, Garth had once encountered one. Now he could only stare at Barachiel his mind trying to process this new information that a Biblical figure he never gave much thought about was a hunter...the first hunter.
Castiel tilted his head satisfied by Dean's reaction and smiled. "Yes, Dean. Of course I want to learn more about the music and I look forward to talking about...us. That would mean a lot to me."
“Dean, I held your soul in at the center of my celestial energy.  I wrapped my wings around us, forming a cocoon because just as we had to fight our way in to Perdition. We also had to fight our way out and with every attempt Alastair and his demon hoards made at trying to stop me in order to get you back, I knew with absolute certainty that I was going to succeed in getting you out because I had already fallen in love with you and I knew nothing short of God himself was going to take you from my grasp”
Looking down at his feet as if in thought. He looked up and said his voice becoming a more resonant with each word spoken "I am the Archangel Barachiel. Custodian of all Guardian Angels, who serve as protectors of our God's Commandments. A loyal servant of our Father. By his word, I declare the this time of Angels here on earth has come to an end. Peace be with you both" as Barachiel finished he gave a little shrug and a "hmph" as if to say it would do and with one last nod at the boys he tilted his head back and followed Castiel's lead and with a burst of blinding white-blue light that consumed the vessel as well and sparing the brother of having to dispose of a second body. He disappeared up into the night sky in much the same manner as Castiel.
Later as Dean snored softly against Cas' chest. Castiel looked over at the clock and realized the two of them had been together for almost four hours which left just over an hour for him to meet Barachiel at Stull Cemetery. Briefly, a part of him had thoughts to let Dean sleep in his arms for a while longer then just jump alone to the cemetery but he knew he could not do that to Dean. Plus, he would not mind another ride with Dean and Sam in the Impala with the Zepplin mixed tape Dean had made for him playing in the background,
"Hello Dean."
Taking a deep breath Barachiel tilted his head back so that he could look up into the night sky. Staring at all of the stars and admiring their beauty, their magnificence. Rotating in place so he could take one last look at the entire sky. He came to a stop and as if he had come to a decision, he exhaled the breath he had been holding and looked back down at the Winchesters. Their faces showing both concern and defiance as they waited for his answer.
"I am warded and demons can't sense angels." turning to face the man standing beside him, Castiel continued "So, how did you know I was out here?"
Castiel brought his hand up and caressed the warm cheek of his human.
Claire was the first to break the silence.
Dean paused at the words just spoken by Castiel. He wasn’t sure how to reply but only because he was unsure of the meaning behind them. He searched the blue eyes that were no longer trying to avoid his own. Leaning slightly more forward, Dean opened his mouth to answer...or was it to ask a question? But before he could begin, the door to his bedroom was slammed open and Sam filled the doorway and in a voice filled with excitement exclaimed.
Sam took a small step forward as he was released then paused. He realized, Crowley was showing a sign of good faith by releasing him. He lowered the blade clutched in his hand and went to stand next to his brother.
Sam chuffed a small laugh and said "Dean..." before he could finish though Dean interrupted.
Coming up and around a cherry red Bel Air Coupe, Sam saw the front end of the Impala and walked towards it. He could not see Dean as he approached which did not concern him much because he knew Dean was probably sprawled out on one of the seats, beer in hand and just listening to the music as it hammered through the speakers.
"Cas?" with Sam's absence, Dean called out to his friend determined to find out why he seemed so distracted.
Dean returns to the Bunker and fills Sam in on the promise he had to make.
“Hey...Dean?”
"Stairway to Heaven", Cas said quietly.
Dean smiled thoughtfully, and responded with a simple, confident “No.”
He would never make it all the way to Newcastle now to find Cas.
He was rather happy for the knock at the door to distract them, because he couldn't stop thinking about how soft Dean's lips looked...what it would be like to kiss them...
"Yeah…" He smiled a little, and leaned back, gaining a little bit of confidence from her comment. “I stopped by the house to see Jack today, by the way. Figured I should mention it, since he probably will. I forgot it was a weekday, honestly; thought you would be there. I might have scared your nanny.”
"What?" He said.
"What did you fight about?" Sam was truly curious - Dean had never admitted to fighting with Castiel before.
Cas trembled as he looked up, daring for a second to glance up into those green eyes that he had gotten lost in so long ago…
We are fragile, we are human,
All of the windows of the Impala were covered in snow. It made the moment even better, being wrapped up in here with his beautiful hunter in their own little world. He relished in it for a little longer, listening to Dean's slow, relaxed breathing against his shirt and closing his eyes appreciatively.
Dean swirled his tongue along the entire length of him one more time, taking him deep in to the back of his throat, guiding Cas's hips up and down in a steady rhythm until Cas's back arched high off the floor, fingers digging deep in to Dean’s shoulders, and Dean welcomed the thick, sweet cum that slid down his throat as Cas climaxed. It was the most intimate, erotic thing he had ever experienced, and he came, too,  untouched; every inch of him was on fire and he lost it when Cas moaned his name for the final time.
Sam clicked over. "Dean? Hey, how's it going?"
Once the foursome were sitting around Sam’s poker table, Dean started shuffling the cards, and Balthazar clipped the ends off of four cigars, passing one to each player silently as Dean dealt the first hand of five card draw.
“Hello, Dean.”
"Oh, right. I need to...go outside for a minute."
The night was cool, but pleasant. He strolled towards the pay phone, noticing that there was a petite, dark haired woman leaning casually against the side of the telephone box. She wore a tan trench coat and a well fitted black suit with a blue ribbon tied in her dark hair. Dean noticed that her eyes were a deep, cosmic blue. He immediately felt that she was familiar, and came to an abrupt stop, narrowing his eyes in her direction.
“Um…” Dean contemplated it. Who could possibly be there? The only person he could think of was Sam. How would he react to a half-dressed man answering Dean’s door so early in the morning? The thought made him panic slightly, but you know what? Fuck it. “Yeah, go for it. Thanks, Cas.”
"We're having lunch today." Cas visibly puffed up with pride, and it took everything in Gabriel's power not to say "awwwwww" in a mocking, brotherly tone.
He watched Cas' wide blue eyes rocket up to his own.
“Have you ever thought that maybe your relationships don’t last because you’re just not really into women?” Balthazar didn’t break eye contact with Dean when he posed the question, slinging an affectionate arm around Gabriel in the process. Sam and Gabriel both glanced at Dean as well, waiting with bated breath for his reaction. All of them knew that this was a touchy subject and they had never breached it as a group.
“Dean? So nice to see you again.” The man extended his hand to Dean, who shook it firmly. The man looked at Cas and smiled. “And you must be Castiel?” He extended his hand to Cas as well, and Cas shook it warmly. “Thanks for coming to the original Kansas City bee farm - the name’s Frank. Cas, I hear you’ve got an affinity for honeybees?” Cas was currently speechless and about to cry for the second time since he woke up this morning.
“No. Please. Stay forever,” Dean said.
“They can’t. It’s one of the things that I had to do when I went away. I had to get them to see. And they were forgiving. You are safe from them. They are just as curious as I am to see what this anomaly means.”
“Count with me Cas: in through your nose. 1...2...3...4. Hold it...1...2...3...4...5...6...7. Breathe out through your mouth. 1...2...3...4...5...6...7...8. Good. Again.” He held his brother's hand, helping him through it, waiting for the tremors to stop in his body - that was always a sign that he was coming down from the attack. It took longer than he remembered, and he wondered if Cas practiced this exercise when he was alone, or if he just used alcohol to self-medicate now. It made him hurt inside to think about Cas in his lonely apartment, going through this...
Dean had started moving closer to him now, finding his hand and gently twining their fingers together, and then it was like the dream, but real...Dean ran his free hand lightly along Cas’s jaw, but instead of kissing him, he hovered close and paused. Cas lost his breath in anticipation, his heart pounding in his ears. Then Dean pulled away, giving him a small smile and a playful side eye.
Dean's heart hurt a little as he returned to the couch, wondering if he should just let Cas sleep the way he was. But if he woke up in a strange place...the least Dean could do was make it feel more like he had been invited by giving him a blanket?
“Holy Fuck. What…?”
Cas frowned at him in confusion. “No, why would I want that?”
"What is it?" Cas asked, hovering near the door.
“Promise?” Ben gave a small, hopeful smile and looked Dean in the eye.
Cas stood there in his familiar trench coat as if he had not disappeared into the abyss a week before.
“Because you’re...well...he motioned at Cas, looking her up and down.
“Dean?” Cas’s inquiring voice brought Dean out of his quiet reflection.
“I need this...I need you,” Cas finally whispered breathlessly, finding it hard to get any words out at all as he pulled Dean down in to another deep kiss.
“Shut up. You know I love my work.”
“But I do.”
“My what?”
He showed up hours early to Dean's, way too impatient to wait until four, and let himself in. He partially regretted it when he heard Dean in the shower. He rolled his eyes but did his brother the favor of indicating his presence by banging on the bathroom door. Maybe someone was in there with him.
"Yeah, I'm here."
“Oh - yes, of course.” He said, flushing again. He tried to seem nonchalant when he handed over the book as Castiel, once again, positioned himself on the table next to Dean, and started thumbing through the pages slowly.
Neither of them could deny John in a good mood, and both nodded heartily, accepted beers, and followed their dad down to the brand new dock.
Castiel woke up in complete darkness, gasping for breath. He immediately felt panic as he tried to clear his head, groping around and coming in contact with a cold, hard floor and the smell of stale death. It only took him a moment to know he was in The Empty. His head hurt, his heart hurt, and he had never wished to fold himself into eternal sleep more than he did right now. He collapsed on to the concrete and let the coolness of it soothe his face as he collected his thoughts with his eyes closed, breathing shallow and labored. All he could think about was Dean. He felt frantic. Lost. Shaken. Suffocated; he had expected to be at peace after his confession, but now that he was awake, his mind and his heart were screaming in pain. But he didn't have more than a second to drown in his sorrow before he heard Jack's voice calling to him from somewhere up above.
“Can you tell me where we’re going yet?” he asked curiously when he got into Baby’s passenger seat.
“Hello, Dean,” Cas said tentatively.
“Sherry?”
"Sorry." It's all he could think to say as a blush creeped up from his neck to his ears. He stood up and sauntered shamefully to the bathroom again.
"Gabe thought I might be able to make your night a bit better."
"Dean?" Sam finally said quietly, staring at the table. Dean whirled around and pointed a finger at Sam.
"Just Cas."
"Should I go and talk to him?" Cas asked Sam.
“I’m fine. I’m going to be fine.”
His thoughts trailed off as the screen door slammed again.
"No yeah, you're right."
Dean loved the way Cas looked down as a small blush traveled to his ears and he bit his lip again. It was perfect.
“Better one of them than one of you.” He tilted his head to the side and squinted in Raph’s direction, daring him to say anything else. He still remembered his father's face when he said it, and in the moment had realized that Chuck really hadn't had the slightest idea that Cas was gay all that time. He heard Gabriel in the background yelling at Balthazar to get in the car, and then he came back for Cas and pulled him towards the car, too, because Cas was unable to move by himself.
"Who is this?" Cas inquired.
"How to fuck you? I mean...I know generally how it goes, but I want to do it for you- specifically for you. I don't want it to be weird.
“I’m cooking tonight,” Cas said. He was hopeful that the surprise dinner he was planning would make up for the sandwich.
"You dabble, Dean. I know you do. And your work is good. Castiel is here in town to help open several galleries, and the two of you should certainly get to know one another. Isn't that one fantastic? Castiel, I think this might be your best one." Sam smiled broadly and pointed at the infinity painting before inserting himself between Dean and Castiel and placing a well intentioned hand on each of their shoulders. The ensuing silence was humiliating.
This was one of those things that happened at the beginning of a romantic comedy, wasn’t it? A shared connection between strangers because of some unfortunate set of circumstances?
“Dean? What’s wrong? What happened?” He studied his brother and saw panic. He followed Dean’s gaze towards a beautiful woman in a tan trench coat, with a blue ribbon in her hair. The woman seemed to be in shock. “What the Hell…?” Sam looked between the two of them and it didn’t take a genius to put two and two together.
"Kind of, dad. It's complicated. I don't really want to talk about this right now, OK?" Dean was disappointed in himself. This was his chance. But something stopped him. Something always stopped him when this topic came up. He felt like a coward.
“Indeed. For many months.”
"You already are, Dean. Remember? You're surprising him with the trip to the bee farm this fall. I've already set it up.”
Let it be me
“I know. I...please come with me? I feel like if I don’t go I’m going to feel like I have unfinished business or something. And I can’t go alone. I need you.”
He fidgeted nervously and took one cautious step after another, until he was hovering right above Dean, his beautiful, broken hunter. He slid his back down the wall until he was seated very close beside him.
Jack didn't understand this. Didn't Cas know? He had to know that the feeling was mutual after all this time? Jack thought everyone in their family knew. He stared at the floor, contemplating the conundrum. This was complicated.
blue crayon,
"No!"
"In a few more days." Jack said regretfully. "But it's ok, Castiel - I have plans for him. For us. It's going to be ok."
He contemplated the situation...maybe admired the angelic human laying on his couch a little longer than he should before he nudged him lightly on the shoulder.
“You’re a Godsend,” Dean said as he accepted the coat, and gave Cas a small smile.
Once the couch bed was made up, he adorned it with a throw pillow and sat down in the recliner nearby to wait. He wanted to make sure his guest didn't need anything else. He also really didn't want to go to his cold bed. The thought made him shiver. He never had been good at being alone.
Dean looked over at Sam and smiled.
It might have been the best shower Cas had ever experienced. He felt light and relaxed. He washed his hair twice just to smell Dean's shampoo and to let the warm, soapy water run down his body, still flush from the pleasure of Dean touching him. There were a couple of seconds where panic threatened to overtake his euphoria, but he didn't let it.
Dean excused himself to take a quick shower and changed into clean jeans and a flannel shirt. He also changed the bedding on his bed as an afterthought before heading back to the kitchen.
With a single nod Dean softly added "Yes." and with Crowley's help. They were able to get a hell worthy fire started. Which Crowley guaranteed would burn the vessel to ash. Though, not willing to leave it at that the Boys then began to carve different warding symbols into the trees surrounding the pyre with Dean saving the last carving for Castiel's name. Written in Enochian on the largest tree.
Then with one hand gripping his own cock...not stroking it but merely holding it in a vice like grip. As if to reign the serpent in, Castiel slowly began to lean forward and as his eyes locked onto the dilated with lust ones of the mortal spread out in front of him. He lowered his mouth down and began to gently flick at the hardened nipples.
“Dean” Castiel began to softly stroke the bare shoulder under his hand “I want you to know. The thought did cross my mind of you and I running somewhere. But eventually, I would have been found and any punishment that may happen now. Would most certainly happen then. Tenfold” and with a small squeeze of a muscled shoulder  he added softly. “I will be able to withstand anything they decide Dean but I wouldn't be able to, if I thought for one minute you were suffering because of me. So when it is time. You will let me go.”
Sam waited as his raised voice echoed through wide hallways of the bunker. Tilting his head a little bringing his ear more in line with the large open doorway behind his position at the table. He waited for some sort of response from the other inhabitants of the bunker. His brother Dean and the off again on again Angel of the Lord, Castiel. Who just so happen to be off again...well not completely off. He does have some of his mojo working, were somewhere in the building doing whatever. Knowing his brother like he did, Sam figured he was either at the range or with Cas, binging Netflix.
"Because everything I love! Eventually gets ripped away from me." and with that Dean had rolled off the hood of the Impala and tossed the last empty beer bottle back into the cooler and then climbed into the Impala and started the engine with a roar. Signaling an end to their discussion. They never spoke of it again.
"No. I find your...landscaping to be terrible. I am here because..." Castiel stopped and realized he really didn't have a good answer to give and instead changed the direction of the conversation and asked "How did you know about me being called back to Heaven?"
Sam at first thought he was talking about the memories of the murders he had committed, Kevin's most especially but then with slow dawning he began to understand what the Archangel was asking. So with some disbelief he whispered "His grace"
"I am not sure why. I once asked Castiel about it long before Naomi and he seemed confused by the question and said he could not say. What I will tell you though is that, Father had called me over afterwards and he said 'Barachiel you watch that one. He will be something special.' and he was not wrong about that."
Scoffing with some humor the Archangel ignored the anger behind the man's questioning and chose to counter with chagrin "How did you know?"
Dean stared at the trench coated angel and waited. He loved his friend but sometimes his awkwardness at conversation made things not only difficult for Dean but frustrating as well.
He said  "Hello!"
As Cas turned to approach Dean, his eyes came up to naturally lock into Dean's. Dean felt his throat go dry as his mouth formed the words and he heard himself say “Yes, Cas! Yes. Do it now” Confident that the angel he loved would understand.  And he did.
“Well, Sammy, it says here that a few weeks prior to the first dude disappearing they had been doing some deep-water work on the rig after a big storm. And that they found what looked to be an old wreck of ship.” Dean handed the laptop back to his brother as he finished his statement. “And?”
This time, Castiel could hear the heartache in Dean's words, and there was something else. Tilting his head slightly as if he needed tune in like an antennae. Castiel realized what he was hearing was the unmistakable sound of fear.
(See the end of the chapter for
"I am. I just need a moment to say good bye to my friends"
The Grand Tetons took over nine millions years to reach the lofty heights they currently occupy. They are the physical evidence of a violent past that included powerful earthquakes, which heaved large slabs of granite skywards and over the millennia. Those slabs eventually piled high enough to create one of earth's greatest mountain ranges. Of course, to the lone figure that sat in a rigid pose with eyes closed in the center of a mountain meadow covered in newly blooming wildflowers, he knew all of this...he was a witness to some of God's effort when he set in motion the events needed to create these particular mountains. Of course, things have been much quieter geo-physically speaking, and hardly a rumble occurs anymore. Castiel he sensed everything was just about right and that is was now safe to be free and with that thought, Heaven's most impudent angel released himself from the vessel once known as Jimmy Novak. Rising up in the angelic blue light of his grace, Castiel took the opportunity to intertwine his essence with the moving air and allow it to be carried along as the current traveled through the meadow. Brushing him up against the softness of the flowers and the occasional hardness of an upturned rock. Few humans have made it this far up the into mountain range to visit the isolated meadow and its inhabitants and for Castiel, it had become over the millennia one of his favorite places to visit and after he became a permanent fixture inside Jimmy Novak's body, it also became a place was where he could escape the confusing world of mortals and their unpredictable emotions. Castiel's wasn't new to the chaotic world of mankind. He had a history with the inhabitants of earth that begins as far back to when the first denizen from the deep were tossed out of the soupy sea and up on to its earliest rocky shore and were clever enough to figure out they could use their rigid fins to crawl across its terrain for a morsel to eat. It also happened to be the moment his older brother the Archangel Barachiel began to tell him of God's plan for him. Little did he know that plan would include spending the last nine years of his tenure here on earth in the company of two brothers who also happened to be hunters and who also became his family. Now, as he reflected on the path he traveled and how convoluted the track had become. Castiel wondered with great sadness on how it ended up with him shunned by his family in heaven. Unnerved with the path his thoughts were taking Castiel refocused his energy to the surrounding meadow and unbidden his thoughts turned to the past once again.
Castiel felt himself go numb inside at his commander's question. He knew of course that much of what happened, happened because he was trying to fix problems created by other angels. But he also knew that many of his decisions just created bigger problems. Castiel also understood that their Father didn't often look at the reason why a thing was done. Just that it was done while breaking his commandments.
Dean took a breath at this final action by Cas.
His eyes had begun to water but it didn't stop Dean from continuing "Castiel stood up, by himself and fought against each and every one of those dicks all to save humanity, to prevent them from succeeding with their plan to take over and now you have the balls to come here and tell him that he has to come back home, to heaven and face God for the sins he committed" taking a deep breath Dean calmed himself by taking another drink from his beer.
"Yes, very noble of you but it gave Michael and Lucifer the final solution to another problem. My second in command who was left behind with a contingent of angels, Castiel"
"Dean Winchester, I am going to tell you a story about our friend Castiel. His story to be more specific."
Breaking his gaze way, Cas squeezed his arm one last time and then released him. Slowly, he turned towards Dean who had moved back closer to his car. His hands were jammed into his leather jacket pockets and his shoulders were hunched. He wouldn't look up as Castiel approached.
Claire released Castiel's hand and her mood changed abruptly. Her temper returning as she thought about Castiel's reason for visiting her. “Castiel, you can't let those asshats drag you back there. Why can't you just stay here with us?”
"A way to do what, Sam?" Dean swallowed the anger creeping into his voice "This is God stuff happening right now. It is all happening up in heaven. How exactly are we to go do anything?"
Sam heard a sound off to his left and he realized it was the kitchen timer that he had set in order to keep track of the time. It was a necessary addition to their routine given that when the two of them would immerse themselves in research. The passage of time would often escape their notice. Pushing himself up and out of the wooden chair, Sam walked over and shut off the timer and went to look for Dean and he had a pretty good idea where to go and look when Dean needed to think. The Impala.
After a pause Castiel asked "Dean why did you say yes? And how did you know I would understand?"
“Yes. There is a lot of imagery in the lyrics that I wholly enjoyed.” Shifting slightly Castiel continued “it makes me think a little about heaven and of my time here on earth with you…” Dean looked up and met Cas’ eyes at this statement. Cas for his part, was afraid he might have implied too much and tried to deflect some of the statement by adding “..and Sam and other times before I met you both.” the last part sounded forced. Cas flinched a little at the awkwardness of it.
Castiel turned to face Crowley for what he believed would be one last confrontation but before he could speak Crowley surprised him with more "You know Cas. I am going to miss you around here. I had grown used to you tagging along with the Dynamic Dopes."
Then with one more kiss that was deeper and lasted just little bit longer, Castiel suddenly straightened up and threw his leg over Dean's lower half. Straddling him as he placed his hands on each one of Dean Winchester's shoulders in the exact spot where he had gripped him years before.
Looking up at Barachiel and trying to understand what he was implying Sam asked "What are you talking about. What did Cas do?"
Both men remained frozen in place blinking their eyes in trying to get rid of the bright flashes that were blinding them in the wake of Barachiel's exit and trying to come to terms with everything that they had just witnessed and experienced.
"Fetch me?"
Dean looked at Castiel and he replied "This was before we...our agreement Cas. So I get it and I promise we won't do anything stupid.”
Dean half walked, half ran towards the Impala and as he reached his beloved car he pulled out his keys from the pocket of his leather jacket and began to reach towards the door and jam them into the lock. But before he could jerk the squeaky door open. He heard the familiar flutter of an arriving angel and turning in the direction of the sound he was suddenly grabbed in a vice like grip on his shoulder and then felt the familiar pull on his insides as he was transported with Barachiel to an unknown destination.
Sam, Dean. I have to go now...just for awhile. Time is running short and I need to say good bye to one other person before I am called back.
It had been a very long time since Sam had seen his brother in such a state of mind so when Dean barked out his orders, Sam could only nod at his brother, the concern he was beginning to feel growing. Then he watched helplessly, as Dean continued to grab books from the library shelves and throw them onto the table. Sam tried to follow the story Dean was telling about Castiel and his creation and something about watching a sheep herder who was really the first hunter but Dean's jumping around in the storytelling made it difficult to follow along. Especially, as he would bounce from room to room grabbing great volumes of lore books. Sam wasn't even sure if Dean knew what he was grabbing. Finally, getting frustrated Sam had to put a stop to Dean's manic behavior. Jumping in front of his brother then grabbing his book laden arms he forced Dean to stop and look up.
"Castiel" the man across from him did not look up opting instead to stare at the dirty table in front of him. "Because, Father commands it." Barachial began to speak softly in the language of Angel's and at the sound of his voice. Castiel snapped his head up and looked into the eye's across from his own. Instantaneously, Castiel's instincts as a soldier serving for scores of millennia under the Archangel caused him to sit more upright and he was immediately at attention listening to his commanding officer.
Dean looked away and stared of into the distance looking at the tops of the mountains. They were covered in snow and made for a beautiful contrast against the deep blue of the sky.
Of course, the headaches had been happening off and on for the last few weeks but none of them had been like this morning's splitter. He didn't know why he began to have the headache's and Sam had grown concerned when he noticed the rate at which the aspirin seemed to be disappearing from the bunker med-kit. He tried to tell his younger brother that everything was fine but it wasn't really the truth. Because the headaches began when he had started the dreams about Cas. He never remembered them and if he tried it just seemed to make the headaches worse.
Dean was left speechless and unsure. He wanted to say thank you but it seemed so inadequate and trite. Finally, in a strangled whisper, Dean tried.
"So. The Greek nymph Orphne, she resided in Hades and was able to use her abilities to summon and control all sorts of enchanted and cursed creatures in the Underworld. Cerberus being one of them." Dean continued to stare at his brother with a blank expression. Still shell shocked by Cas' news, Dean tried to remain focused on his brother and what he was saying but was having a difficult time of doing so.
Dean looked up as his brother, as Sam came to stand beside him and then knelt down "Ready?"
Crowley's look of irritation turned to one of amusement. Knowing the brother's were more likely to enjoy watching he and his Mother fight each other rather than share such info. So, with a smirk on his lips and a slight nod in thanks. He replied "Rowena's Celtic Coven? Sounds like a horrible all girl folk band."
Dean continued to stare at the table and looked at Sam and said "There is a way to keep him from Purgatory, living in a cage close to Lucifer or being banished to the Empty. Maybe we can talk with Chuck. He owes us." Sam looked at Dean and said "Well, I am not sure about playing the 'you owe us' card on God and besides, you said yourself that if that happens. Then we will never know where he is. He would still be lost to us."
Adjusting the angle of his body slightly so that his sword hand was hidden from the man standing to his left Castiel remained silent as he stared and gave a slight nod in response to his arrival. Ready to let his blade drop should the man make in threatening moves in his direction.
Grimly, Castiel took one last look around and up at the blue sky above and realized time was running short and with his mouth set in a firm line. Castiel whisked himself away from the park and headed to face the last person he needed to say goodbye to: Dean Winchester.
Sitting back in his own chair. Allowing his voice to lose some of its formality. He added "I think at the last moment, Castiel. He may have taken pity on you just a bit." Barachiel raised his glass and gulped down the last of his whiskey. Then continued "You should have seen Lucifer and Michael when he showed you this little leeway of staying to say goodbye."
"Why would I? I trusted Michael. He was my commander. I had no idea what he and Lucifer had been plotting. So I did as I was ordered." Hoping for some understanding from his friend he added with a slight pleading tone  "I believed him when they said the Darkness was trying to take advantage of God's absence and break free of imprisonment. He was concerned that our Father's sister would be successful."
Not entirely convinced he continued with frustration in his voice  “I told you before Dean what would happen to me if you tried to interfere. Yet, you obviously started doing the exact opposite and looking for away to save me."
Picking up the sarcastic tone coming from his friend, Castiel changed his demeanor and glanced abashedly at him. The memory of Dean's overreaction to his showing up naked and covered in bees on the hood of the Impala still an unpleasant one. "Yes. And. Well, that it is where I can leave my vessel for awhile and allow myself to be...well." Cas paused as if searching for the right word and looked back at Dean and whispered "Me."
Seeing his friend's uncertainty, Castiel tried to clarify “The opening stanza, Dean.”
"So, it was with great horror that I watched him look up at our Father and do something none of the thousands that had done before him. And what caused my brother Archangels to call for him to be re-purposed or even destroyed."
“So….” Dean couldn’t understand the concern here. “It’s an oil rig, Sam. And from what I get reading this article, it just sounds like the guys may have just taken off without telling anyone. Why do you think it is a case”
"Dean, answer me. Why would God send Cas to the Empty? It seems overly severe to me."
"Yeah, you do that." Dean muttered before taking his first bite.
"Yeah, Naomi! Let's talk about her. What she did to Cas and all the other angel's. How she used that...that device to screw with their heads. How she tried to brainwash him into killing me and messing around with his memory. Getting him to do things like killing other angels to keep them from talking" Dean couldn't help but flashback to the only other angel he didn't really hate Samadriel. He continued, his anger barely held in check "She was scrambling everything just so that he wouldn't remember things that he had done in the past." his voice raising Dean leaned in closer to Barachiel and through a clenched jaw said. "Listen, Barry"
Studying the impudent human before him as he spoke, Barachiel couldn't help but admire this mortal man and he began to understand Castiel's infatuation with the human.
Reading the expression on Dean's face and sensing his thoughts he continued
Claire ignored his question with a roll of her eyes and reached across the table and grabbed his hands and continued “but overtime I have even come to see you as part of my family. Just like Jody or Alex. You're like an uncle of sorts. You are my family. And...” with a pause she added “and I might as well admit that I see Dean and Sam the same way.” with a bit of  reluctant clarification and a roll of her eyes and a shake of her head she added “Only I see them as my crazy uncles.”
"Creatures?"
As he raced up the stairs from the basement garage where he had left the Impala, his mind was racing for ways to circumnavigate the promise. He knew it was risky and that it could backfire on him but he could not leave it be, it was not who he was.
"Oh, I cannot tell you how much I have wanted to try this." opening his dark eyes to look at the blue eyes across from him "Did you know Castiel, that I would sneak down here and visit just so I could have a little taste of this divine invention...alcohol. Although, it was a long time ago."
"Yes, Castiel. Father has returned to heaven after his little reunion with his sister and I can tell you. Though he looked rested. He was still all about the wrath and the fury and Brother! When he saw what had been done in his absence. That wrath was in full bloom with plenty of fury to go with it." Blowing out a gust of air, Barachiel rolled his eyes and shook his head as if he were replaying the events in his head "Castiel, just be thankful you were here and not there."
“but you must also remember Dean. I am an angel, first and foremost and though I have struggled at being a good one. It is who I am and I will obey my Father and return home to face whatever may be coming.  I will not run from this. I made some mistakes. I admit it, but I am not going to run and hide. I am going to go home and stand before my Father and defend myself against the accusation's that have been made against me.”
"Barachiel" The Archangel knew humans had a penchant for nicknaming everyone and he wasn't prepared to become a member of that club. He was giving this human a lot of leeway in his speaking manner but he wasn't about to let him have free rein.
"Did you get pie?"
“Dean...” Sam ventured “When Cas comes back you are going to tell him how you feel. He needs to know it. Because something tells me he feels the same about you. You both need to be honest and that way no matter what happens...”
“Lets run away. We will ward ourselves and go somewhere. Some where that they cannot find us!”
Dean glared at the two Angels and turned away and stormed back to stand with Castiel as if to say they would have to go through him to get to Castiel. Barachiel's respect for this man continued to grow. Deciding he didn't need the bladed angels either he turned to them and said "You can wait in the Veil my Brothers. It is close enough should your services be required. The two angels quickly glanced at each other then nodded to their superior and disappeared. Dean relaxed his stance and gave a slight nod at the Archangel as away to say thanks.
“Dean?” Castiel had some confusion in his voice.
Dean felt the calmness settle over him. His mind was now focused on the sound of the bees as they moved from flower to flower. He suspected this change was coming from Barachiel and he no longer cared. He just wanted to find some peace and kneeling here in the tall lupine of the meadow with Barachiel's help. He was getting it. Looking back up into Barachiel's lined face. He began to listen as the Archangel continued "I want you to understand, Dean that I love him too. He was my best friend long before he became my most trusted confidant and Captain. I am going to tell you something about Castiel, Dean. A story about his creation and hopefully you will understand why I...why heaven needs him back, more than you need him here with you.
"Yo! Cas. Are you paying attention" ducking his head in embarrassment Cas replied "I'm sorry. What?".
Sam swallowed at his brothers logic and nodded his head in understanding.
Sam looked at his brother with exasperation and asked "Makes me wonder what Rowena is up to going after that kind of power and where the Greek mythology fits in."
Back in the Impala, Dean reached behind and took the book from his pocket and began to examine the front cover. Then, slowly, a smile began to spread across his face and tears began to fill his eyes as Dean let out a soft prayer and then unable to help himself Dean ran his fingers over the book's soft cover and studied it intently and as he read the name of the author Carver Edlund.
After a few seconds he pulled it away and sighed "Castiel." standing up he continued "Well, our friend definitely made things a bit more difficult." looking down into Dean's questioning eyes. He continued to explain "He left a small bit of his grace behind...in you! So the next question is... What should I do about it?"
"Do you know what your trouble is Dean?"
Dean ducked his head just a little, a tinge of pink brushing his cheeks at the hint that maybe he had mentioned something about the group many times before to the angel.
"and the Empty...this prison Barachiel spoke about? What do they have about it?
"I love seeing Jack like this. I want him to come out of his shell more. I think he would if...his dad was around more."
He had expected this, but hearing it become a reality made him feel defeated. He really, really couldn’t afford to lose this job. Hannah was going to be so disappointed in him. He knew she didn’t like keeping Jack from him, but he also understood why she did. He needed to prove he could be a supportive father and he had failed in absolutely every possible way.
“Does this all mean something to you?” Sam inquired, trying not to pry too deeply into whatever business Dean had gotten himself mixed up in.
"Oh." Hannah looked like someone had slapped her.
“...would you like that, buddy?” Dean was having a conversation with the boy.
"What, Cas?"
You don't even realise what you mean
“Gabriel, I don’t know. Honestly, isn’t it just going to cause too much pain? I just had the best night of my life. I really need a break, you know?”
"Yeah."
“I think we should talk about your dad, don’t you?” Balthazar finally asked.
“Ham and pineapple. You know that.”
Once they were parked in front of the cabin, he grabbed their bags from Baby's trunk and trudged to the front door. The screen had recently been re-stretched and the brick around the front door tuck-pointed. Dean smiled. He knew his dad would never let this cabin go to hell. After so much time spent dreaming of a place up here over the years, Dean knew this was his dad’s pride and joy now.
"I'm sorry. This is weird, isn't it? I just...I keep thinking about you..." Cas stuttered anxiously. Dean put his hands on Cas's arms and pulled him in, kissing him on the forehead, letting his lips travel lightly over his eyelashes...his nose...and finally his lips again, all the while gently moving his fingers to intertwine with Cas's and guiding them around his waist.
"Are we practicing incest now too, boys?" Raphael was chewing tobacco. There was a roll in his bottom lip, and he spit sloppily without breaking eye contact with Gabriel.
"He's five. He'll be six on Christmas Day."
Dean stood up abruptly. He didn't say anything at all - he just laced his fingers behind his head and turned away from everyone at the table, striding angrily to the other side of the room, staring at the wall. Everyone watched him, afraid of what might happen next.
"I'm going to color a picture for Cas for next time,” Ben said, and Dean had to take a deep breath to keep from having an anxiety attack.
"Is that who I think it is?!"
Dean was surprised when he had looked away for a single second, only to look back and see that Cas had wings. It made his breath catch in his throat. In all of the years that they had known one another, he had never seen Cas like this. He could tell that Cas felt uncomfortable, and Dean wished he didn't. He wanted to tell him that he was perfect, but for a moment he was lost for words and all he could do was stare.
"It did?"
When Castiel realized that Dean was about to slide off of the table, he jumped down to catch him. But Dean was heavier than he had thought, and they fell together into a heap, Castiel on top of him rather than cushioning his fall.
"Sam?"
"So, you know him?"
"Ready to go, Ben?"
"I know. But you have it, so..."
He army crawled up the bed until his head was on his pillow, and dragged Cas up in front of him, immediately spooning him and turning him into a quilt burrito.
"Yeah." He rolled his eyes.
“Because it’s Friday”, Sam said quickly and winked at Cas as he backed towards the front door. Cas scowled at him as he left.
Cas stared at the steering wheel, intent on joining Dean in the sunshine momentarily to plant the flowers. But he just needed another minute.
“Did you hear me, Sam?”
Dean was the eldest, and it was expected that this would be the year that he found himself a wife so that he could produce an heir. But the idea of it set his mind in a state of panic. He had always enjoyed bedding a variety of beautiful women, but had yet to feel that he had found true love. Not that he even believed such a thing existed. But he continued to hold out hope that one day he would suddenly make eye contact with a beautiful girl as he walked down the street, and just know that she was “the one.” It better happen soon...the clock was ticking.
"Do you...want to stop? It's ok - we don't have to do this." Dean watched Cas's chest rising and falling rapidly, his face flushed and beautiful.
There was a thickness in the air then, and Castiel got up off of the bed and wandered across the room to the fire, staring into the flames, the soft light illuminating the beauty and the sadness in his face.
It was quiet and still, but cold. The chill in the air forced Cas to wrap his coat around himself tightly and try not to shiver - Jack had granted his request to be human, which meant he felt the bite in the air keenly.
“No. I can’t. I can’t do this. Not like this. I’m sorry. It's...not right.” Dean’s eyes were glazed with confusion, and he sped towards the door to the bar just in time to crash into Sam, who caught him and put him back on his feet.
Apparently his chuckle was loud enough for Cas to wake up. He looked around, confused, before his eyes settled on Dean.
Dean just stared at the beautiful anomaly in front of him,  unable to say a damn thing.
Ben stuck his hand out the window and extended his pinky. “Pinky swear,” he whispered. Dean wrapped his pinky around Ben’s, holding his breath so he wouldn’t cry in front of the kid. That was the last thing Ben needed right now.
Dean snuggled in behind Cas, happy to be sharing his bed with him. Maybe it was too soon to be doing this - but maybe not. This is what his body had craved for years, and he felt whole. So he needed to forget everything else for a while, and ignore the judgement he might get for falling for someone else so fast.
"Are you gonna be OK, Cas?" You wanna talk about what's happening? How you feel? Anything?"
"We just met, but can I hug you? It looks like you need one."
It was the voice. Castiel’s voice. Dean couldn’t see him at first, but as his eyes adjusted to the light, he saw Castiel emerge from a shadowed corner towards the back of the room.  Charcoal in hand, he looked as beautiful and disheveled as ever in a loose, white linen shirt, hair a mess, eyes like blue fire. Dean felt chills rise up all over his entire body as Castiel approached and squeezed his arm affectionately.
"Rocks for me, too,” Dean said. He was still competing with Taylor for the loudest voice in the room, and Ben was still singing along animatedly from the living room while he played on his iPad.
In front of us
“Sam. I’m the oldest son. Father and mother are gone. It is up to me to run the household and make sure that you and Claire are looked after and that the estate is maintained. I don’t have time to engage in such frivolity as drawing and make it part of a lifestyle. And you would do well to keep your observations about my skill to yourself. I don’t want all of London to know that I have a tendency for artistic hobbies. As far as everyone is concerned, I engage in trade, and finance, and hunting. Is that understood? I have a reputation to uphold.”
“I usually try and get there by 9, but it will be after lunch before I can get your car in - hope that's OK?” Dean was still trying to recover from the last few minutes and hoped he sounded normal.
“Um...do you want me to take a quick look at your car? I’m - a mechanic,” he said. "It looks like maybe your radiator is leaking and your engine overheated - might be an easy temp fix at least?”
“Maybe if I get to know you better, Cas, I can tell you the whole story. But tonight isn’t the night. I am honestly extremely happy that you ended up in my driveway though,” he said, and immediately hated himself.
It was a weird excuse, but Dean was too distracted by Cas's discomfort to press the issue. Instead he grabbed one of Cas’s hands, and it was as he had thought - he was so cold – Cas hadn’t come fully prepared for the weather. He needed more than just a coat.
(See the end of the chapter for
He hung up, unsatisfied. He supposed Cas and Gabe were at the funeral and hoped for a call back later.
"Hold on…"
When Dean turned around, striding back across the room, he grabbed Cas by the arms as if he might shake him. His grasp wasn't painful, but it was angry. Cas could tell even without his powers that Dean was wrestling with extreme confusion and pain; he could see it in his eyes as the two of them became lost in an uncomfortable stare that seemed to last forever. He thought that maybe everything that had just happened between them was for nothing now, and that he would leave with as much sorrow as he had last time. He also thought the feeling of guilt might kill him.
“I’m here, Cas whispered, tears forming in the corners of his eyes. He put his back up against the cold hallway wall and slid down to the ground, carding his hands through his dark hair and putting his head in his arms as pain gripped every part of him. He knew that Dean was dreaming by the way he muttered the sentiment. He had heard him talk in his sleep enough times to know.
“I do. With Jack in charge now, I really feel like we’ve done our part. We’ve saved the world, Dean. Now it’s time for us to leave the hunting to someone else.”
"Yeah, I thought we should stop first."
"And my car Dean. Please take car of my...Pimpmobile.' Sam gave a small laugh  "We will Cas. I will keep it in the garage and make sure it gets the attention it deserves."
"Alright!" Dean turned away from Castiel and picked up the now empty pie container and walked towards the kitchen speaking as he did so "So we know Rowena is looking up Nymph's who can talk to spirits of dead things from Hades. Sounds wonderful." his voice now coming from the kitchen sounded muffled "What is her end game with that trick I wonder"
Because instead of being glued to the unfolding serial on the t.v. screen like Dean often was (even though he had seen the episodes at least a hundred times before) Cas never seemed to pick up on some of the dramatic nuances of the show and was a bit more perplexed by the emotionally charged human medical drama and appeared to more intent (or was it content) on studying Dean. Once, in a moment of candor when his brother was away Cas had confessed he was just a little confused as he tried to comprehend the infatuation his human friend had for the dark-haired doctor of medicine and his cowboy boots. Sam, who heard just a little tinge of jealousy in the angel’s voice, could only bite his tongue as he looked at the angel and shake his head in sympathy and just a little understanding of what the angel really meant by his words.
"No Dean, he would not. I can guarantee that Castiel, will not live that life or exist anywhere that you and your brother may encounter him. Besides, I suspect if this were to occur. Then the the vessel he is in would be kept in Heaven and he would be given another. There is no doubt it is special." at Dean's questioning gaze he added "No vessel, Dean. Has lasted as long as this one has. There is something different with it so. We would, I suspect, would keep it with us to study and that is a big if as far as the idea that Father would merely take his Grace and let him die a mortal, but I suspect Castiel would be given a different vessel to live in."
"My vessel. I want you to give it a hunter's farewell."
Sam swallowed the small laugh building inside in an effort to hide his amusement at his brother’s obvious discomfort at being caught in a compromising position with his best friend. He didn’t dare bring up the reason for the closed door policy to begin with “Um, yeah sure. I will make sure to knock when you and Cas are…” Sam gave a small nod towards the bed as he continued “Ahem... busy”
"Yes, it can be...handy."
Their bodies now satiated by their lovemaking. The two men lay together with their limbs intertwining. Dean's head laying on Cas chest as the angels arms wrapped around him and held him close. Dean's hand lay on the firm lower abdomen of his lover. His thumb absently swirling the thin patch of hair that trailed downward. Each lost in their own thoughts but both thinking about the other,
Alone in the main living area Dean looked up once more at the painting that Castiel had been staring at and realized he was wrong about what he saw in the fallen angel's eyes, for it wasn't anger or shame but the look of fear, the look of someone afraid of being alone.
"It means that he has returned and has begun putting things back to order. It means that he has begun handing out judgments on all of the angels who participated in the plot to take Heaven and Earth back for the angels to have and control. The Apocalypse. All of it, Dean and now...He"
"After Castiel and our Father spoke, He turned to me and said 'Barachiel. You are to make sure Castiel is never given an assignment that would take him away from my greatest creation, mankind.' '
"No Castiel. You will wait for the time to expire and I will come for you. Father was adamant that I give you time to say goodbye to 'the Boys' as he phrased it."
Castiel closed his eyes and began to softly speak the lyrics from Kashmir’s opening.
Barachiel decided to take advantage of Castiel's slight mood change and decided it might be best if they returned to earth and continue their discussion. Of course, Barachiel was also struck with another motive as to why they should return to a physical presence. As an angel he had visited and sampled humanity's most interesting creation: ales and wines. He had even found himself thinking of these delicious concoctions during the time that he was bound but it was the more recent learned about invention of mankind's called whiskey that he wanted to taste. He wanted to experience just how far the Children had come in their creativity. "Castiel my friend, as much as I am enjoying the scenery of this magnificent creation of our Fathers. How about we return to our vessels and change our venue just a bit, to a more social setting if you understand my meaning"
“Yes but...” Claire barely got started before Castiel cut her off.
Castiel for his part, knew instinctively what Dean was doing. He had seen enough of it when Dean was trying to pick-up various women over the years and even with that knowledge, he could not stop himself from mimicking Dean's action with his own tongue and lips. Only he added a little something extra to his action. He bit his lower lip after he finished. He had seen many women perform the same subtle gesture back at Dean and it gave him a little thrill as he watched Dean's pupils swell at the sight of the movement around his mouth.
"Of course, Dean"
Dean could only stare at the angel after he just heard the disturbing reason as to how Castiel began his fall from Heaven because of his actions to bring Sammy back to life.
Complements of their Father, Barachiel knew all too well what had transpired in heaven and here in earth. When their brother angels made their plans and plotted their course to take over both heaven and earth by creating a new apocalypse. Their biggest mistake had been the stupid belief that they could control Castiel and bring him to their side and when he resisted, nay, fought back. This poor angel, his best and fiercest warrior had suffered immeasurably for his refusal to disobey their Father's commandment to the angels of heaven. Love humanity as much as they loved him. Protect them from evil. Left with no recourse they went after Castiel and how he suffered at the hands of the his own Brother and Sisters in their ill conceived desire to retake Earth and give it back to Heaven: Metatron, Naomi, Uriel, Rafael, Zackariah, Michael and Lucifer. Even God's own sister the Amara, had her own turn at Castiel. Although, he was only her target because Castiel foolishly gave his vessel over to Lucifer and it was Castiel who suffered in her efforts and was there for every moment of the torture alongside Lucifer. Barachiel felt the sadness and weariness pour from his friends body.
Dean hugged Castiel tightly as the tears he had fought to keep at bay began to fall. “Okay, Cas. Okay.”
Sam clamped his mouth shut setting his lips in a thin line. And with a tinge of anger he answered
“Claire, I need to go back because I am after all is said and done. I am an Angel of the Lord. He is everything to me. I have a duty to Him, Humanity and to myself to do what is right.”
Dean sat heavily in the chair next to him as he realized he was doing exactly what he was told not to do. His anger had gotten the better of him and he was ashamed that he was risking Castiel's sentence with every action he was taking right now.
Sam looked at his brother in surprise. Reading or trying to decipher anything was not usually his thing. His brother tended to stick with his computer and the porn contained in it when he was left alone.
"Cas..." Dean's voice broke the silence, it sounded ragged and tired "Just one last time. Please, give me the word and I will throw this baby into gear and get you out of here." Dean started to turn to look at Cas as he continued "We will figure something out..." Castiel met the anguished green-eyes now staring at him and then proceeded to reach over and grab the handle to the Impala's passenger door and yanked it, releasing the latch and allowing him to push the door open with a loud creaking noise, Castiel flinched as he realized he was never going to hear the sound again.
"Nymphs?" suddenly Dean's interest in the topic took a turn for the better as he perked up and set his fork down and asked "You mean dancing naked in the forest under the moonlight nymphomaniac Nymphs?"
"Have you told the Winchesters, Sam...Dean about this news?"
Sam felt that maybe they were because of the Grace left behind by Cas. Dean pushed that idea away real quick. Dean had hoped there would have been some benefit to the small amount of grace left behind. But it didn't help at the race track in predicting winners or when playing poker. So other than the random headaches it didn't seem like a big deal anymore.
Dean watched as Castiel and Sam said their goodbyes to each other. He couldn't make out what they were saying as he had moved to stand closer to the Impala. He wanted more distance from the others so that when he said goodbye to Cas it would be private. As the two men parted with a last squeeze of each others shoulders and Sam nodding his head in agreement to some request of Castiel's. Dean felt a tightness in his chest begin to build. He dreaded Cas turning around because it would make his steps coming towards him resemble a countdown. A countdown to the final moments with him.
“What the fuck, Sam!” What in the hell are you doing? You’re supposed to knock at least once before you enter a guys room. You scared the shit out of me...and Cas”
"I can't believe this Dean." Sam looked at his brother with disbelief "Cas has done more to protect us...mankind than all of the other angels have. It was Cas that protected us against them" Sam turned to Castiel and just like his brother had a few minutes before, he began to make a case for his innocence. "Cas there is something we should be able to do. We worked with God when he was running around here as Chuck. When he was doing nothing. We helped him make up with Amara. He can't just call you home and punish you for trying to protect us from the Apocalypse and all of that other crazy stuff that went on!"
“Yes, Dean.”
Half way down Sam began to hear the familiar thumping of a stereo as it played some classic rock and roll. He could not tell the song yet but he knew that when he reached the Impala it was going to be cranked up to deafening. The stereo was the second part of what Sam considered  Dean's three part  coping mechanism: Beer, Rock and Roll and the Impala.
"Castiel's story begins after the Darkness or Amara as you know it to be called, is locked away in her cage, and Father began to take the steps to create...life. He realized soon after his creation of Man, that Lucifer had begun to exhibit behaviors that were becoming worrisome to Father and that Lucifer despite His best efforts, soon became a problem he could no longer ignore all because of that Mark on his arm..." pausing to see Dean's reaction at the mention of the Mark, Barachiel was pleased that there was none. "and so...that is when he came up with the idea to create a special caste of angels - The Guardian Angels. These new angels were to be the buffer, the protectors to stand between any evil left over in Amara's wake and also from Lucifer's growing anger and jealousy of mankind as they took their place in our Father's heart. And He put yours truly in charge as their commander. I was given the privilege of standing beside our Father labored to create each and every angel and then as they came into being it was with his own breath that he gave them their Devine Grace and with that came their understanding of the role they were to play in God's plan. Typically, they would simply move on a take up their place in the order of Heaven. At least all of them did until..."
"Cas?”
"You know Cas. It is very difficult to find decent minions these days." with a sigh he added "and how did they take your news? Hmmm?"
Barachiel suppressed a smile as Castiel asked his question. Father had told Barachiel that Castiel would try to throw himself on the sword and that this or something very similar would have been the fallen angel's response and that he was not to under any circumstances, allow Castiel leave before the alloted count down of thirty hours had passed.
"Sorry, not a clue." Crowley was relieved to see that Castiel seemed to be more engaged by the information he had provided. "I do know that Lucifer has been nagging me to no end that if one of those cages should be for you. That I place it right next to his." Castiel looked sharply at Crowley. "Not to worry Cas. Do you think I want that nightmare in my basement? You and him together...you screaming every time he gets bored and starts laying in" shivering at the thought Crowley added "I enjoy my peace far too much to give into that request" Castiel glanced at Crowley with the briefest of smiles grateful that he would be spared by Crowley from the prospect of eternal suffering at the hands of his older brother. "I guess I should thank you for that"
. and it was with an unsteady voice he continued "...in me educating you about my favorite bands and - you know. Whatever else you want to talk about. Like maybe us" Dean looked up shyly this time. His flirtatious bravado gone.
Dean on the other hand, was not entirely convinced the demon didn't have an ulterior motive and had really come for his own suspicious reasons. Dean growled at the man "Get out of here Crowley. You are not touching this body. You hear me!"
