“It means you should call me Howard. Now this? This is carbon polymer. Should withstand your average German bayonet. Although, Hydra’s not gonna attack you with a pocket knife.” He led Steve passed the damaged remains of Cooper’s shield, still with a dent in it from Schmidt’s fist. “I hear you’re kind of attached?”
“What happened?” He wanted to see if Fury would lie or not, and how much the man knew.
He missed his team, his old team. From Gabe’s sly jokes to Jim’s blunt nature to Dum Dum’s impenetrable poker face to the line of warmth at his side when Bucky used to sit right next to him and press close.
“That was the plan.”
Bucky’s laugh barked through the cool, evening air as they headed home. The joy that flooded their bond from Bucky’s end wasn’t enough to eliminate Steve’s dread of being left behind, but he smiled for his friend anyway, not really wanting to hold him back.
“We begin with a series of microinjections into the subject’s major muscle groups. The serum infusion will cause immediate cellular change.”
“I know I hypothesised that this could make someone a sentinel, but damn…” Stark’s voice was almost breathless but Steve only whined in response. “And on that note, a feral super soldier is not something we need to deal with so let's jus-”
By the time they were seated and the food arrived, Steve had lost the battle to keep his eyes open. He was pretty sure he was still awake, but the effort involved in opening his eyes was too great.
“I’m not kissing you!” Philips said, jolting Steve out of it.
“Understood, sir. I’m close enough to link with the main building.” Tony shot through the air, the water underneath him quickly changing to city as he headed home.
Philips and Peggy stared over at him. “Get in!” yelled the colonel, and for once, Steve didn’t hesitate to follow orders.
“Let’s go check this place out then.” Steve said, ignoring Bucky’s complaints with a grin.
“You heard the colonel, your friend is most likely dead.” Peggy said, her voice compassionate as she stepped towards him.
Reaching out again, Steve ran his fingers through Tony’s curling hair; the act was a little intimate, but he wanted to offer some comfort, and he was covered in metal everywhere else.
Mr Stark barked a laugh, genuine surprise and amusement flashing along their bond. “Mr Jarvis?” The man began to pour himself a cup of coffee from a glass pot on one of the counters, the smell catching Steve’s attention, even from the short distance. “JARVIS isn’t a person. He’s an AI; stands for Just A Rather Very Intelligent System.”
Stark must have felt him shrink down because he nudged him with his shoulder. “Give it time. They’d be mad to leave a super soldier in a lab.”
Looking up, Steve could see his shield. There was nothing to fight here, but he wanted it. In slow, painful movements he dragged himself, trying not to think about the trail of blood he was leaving behind.
“In looks, but he’s really you. Have you read any of the comics?” Surprised, Steve met the earnest gaze.
“Sir.” JARVIS interrupted before she could answer. “Agent Coulson of SHIELD is on the line.”
“My bike still here?” He asked, wanting to go for a ride; he felt like he’d been stuck in the city constantly since waking in this century and he just wanted to head out for a while and clear his mind.
Steve was shaking his head before his friend had even finished asking. “I should.” He said, mouth twisting as he tried and failed to keep a neutral expression on his face. “I should tell them.”
But it was a moment too late, a door shut between them and as he watched Bucky raise his gun, Steve heard someone stepping into the other end of his car. Using his shield for cover, he crouched down and shot at the enemy.
Steve was whining loudly, his eyes shut tight and his lips pressed into a flat line as he tried to block out the smell; they’d stumbled across an old trench, filled with corpses. Bucky was trying not to gag, but with his own guide in touching distance, he was managing. Not for the first time, he softly cursed the quirk of nature that had Steve as his true guide, but didn’t allow him to reciprocate; Howard was a true match for his friend, but Howard didn’t come out into the trenches with them… and fucking Falsworth had gone to scout ahead already with Jim and Dum Dum.
“Okay. Thanks. What time is it?”
“Always a way out.” He glanced over at Bruce as he felt a pang of hurt from him too. Tony sure was lucky to have made such a good friend in so little time. “You know, you may not be a threat, but you better stop pretending to be a hero.”
He passed a handful of people, but he kept up a confident stride so that no one tried to talk to him. In the corridors around the storage bays, Steve couldn’t ignore the sinking feeling as he heard a familiar humming noise. He’d heard it in abundance not a full month ago in the Hydra camp where he’d confronted Schmidt. It had resonated in all their weapons.
Bruce smirked, but his anxiety was far closer to the surface. “Hah, I was in Calcutta. I was pretty well removed.” He chuckled as Steve’s attention slid away from them and over to Tony as he
“No, that’s just a prototype.” Howard said, but he grinned as he stepped over anyway.
Because as harsh as it sounded, Tony didn’t want to fight alongside Steve just yet; not until he absolutely had to. He tended to get protective over his friends (Rhodey had taken him to one side a long time ago to tell him where he could and could not interfere) so he wasn’t sure how he would react to his bondmate being in danger so close by.
“And it helps to know you’ll be safe over here.” He finished with a note that was difficult to argue.
” Natasha said as Tony used the forward momentum of one Chitauri flying craft to swing it around and crash it into another.
Tony hadn’t had a chance to reply when something thumped onto the roof of their jet. As Steve moved to grab his shield, the engineer grabbed his helmet and slid it into place.
He knew the serum sapped his energy to heal him quickly, but that was how he knew he needed sleep; he could still feel the deeper wounds as his body struggled to heal while he was running around with nothing in his system.
“Huh. Sounds as though you like her.”
Steve had been travelling with Cooper for nearly three months when he got to see Agent Carter again, or rather Peggy, as she’d told him to call her. The heat of summer had long since faded and now the cold winter days were here; at least where they were in Italy, it was just wet, Steve supposed. Regardless of the weather, he had recognised Peggy not long after he, Cooper and their whole squad arrived; he had been sitting with the other soldiers in their small group when he’d spotted her arguing with Colonel Philips in a nearby tent.
He tried not to think about the possibility of having his worst traits increased; take his inability to talk to women, the way he’d always felt useless, the stubborn nature… What if they increased too?
” Fury barked urgently.
“He trying to get pictures of everything?” Howard asked as the countryside zoomed past them.
Steve nodded, feeling a little awkward as his ideas for conversation ran out.
“Tony?” Steve hurried to catch him up as Tony turned and headed into the corridor. “You have an idea about where he is?”
“Oh.” That actually sounded like the kind of thing he’d enjoy reading. “Dr Erskine gave me an injection of some kind and the Stark used a machine, but I’m not sure what was actually happening.”
The soldier himself wasn’t bad looking, a little on the short side maybe, but the tight, rain-soaked t-shirt that was stretched over his chest showed he was well muscled. However, the frustrated growl let Tony know the soldier was likely a half-feral sentinel; one who was moving cautiously towards him.
“I know. But you weren’t training in England. You were training over here.” He explained, unhappy with the idea of his sentinel being so far away.
Oh, that was surprising. His clothing had only been a little damp from the rain, it certainly hadn’t gotten muddy yet. “Can I head out the room like this? Will Mr Stark mind?” If the man was even around, for all Steve knew, Mr Stark had other appointments to keep instead of watching a lost soldier.
Bucky shuddered, but nodded his head and one at a time, they disappeared back down the ladder.
“I’m gonna need a rain check on that dance.” He gasped as the icy water came into view.
“This isn’t a back alley, Steve. It’s war.” Bucky pointed out unnecessarily.
With a sigh, he realised that he didn’t have a choice. Healing from serious injuries had always left him tired, even though he usually recovered pretty fast with the serum, but he supposed that he had a fair bit of sleep to catch up from as he’d not exactly been about for so many years.
“I need to make repairs to my suit.” It was more than a little battered after getting jostled by the rotors. “Then, Stark Tower.”
“Fantastic.”
” Then his sentinel stopped talking.
“Where are you from, Mr Rogers? Hm? Is it New Haven? Or Paramus?” Steve froze, unsure if he was supposed to answer, or if this was an elaborate set up to him getting arrested. “Five exams in five different cities.”
‘And I’m going to get Bucky.’
For a moment, Steve wondered what the right answer was. Say yes, like some kind of hero? Say no like a coward or sympathiser? But looking into Dr Erskine’s face, Steve decided to just go for honesty.
“Uh-huh.” She raised an eyebrow again as she poured a glass of champagne out, handing it over before pouring another for herself.
“Indeed.”
“Does Loki need any particular kind of power source?” Asked Steve, trying to focus on the important parts, namely Loki’s plan to bring an alien army conquer Earth.
Rogers nodded and Tony headed out to his own room. In his house in Malibu, he had a range of generic clothing for men and women of any size, but Rhodey, Happy and Pepper were the only ones who had ever stayed at the tower. Any hook-ups here were brief encounters in hotel rooms because he didn’t have random people up here.
“Yeah?”
“What do you mean?”
“You don’t get to give me orders, son.” Philips replied, sounding far more exhausted than Steve could remember.
He backed up, staring through the rising smoke and fire at his friend… Could he jump that distance? He still wasn’t all that heavy; surely with how strong he was, he could get across. Sending up a quick, heartfelt prayer, he ran and then he jumped, his eyes locked onto his friend and he flew through the air and slammed into the wall on the other side.
That was it.
“Hopefully. I’ve never actually encountered a situation again where I need to try it out, but it works in controlled conditions.”
He sighed. “I will be. Kind of hard to believe I’m allowed to put my own team together and go do something useful.”
It was a nice idea in theory to get propaganda pictures for the newspapers, but damn if Bucky hadn’t had enough of Stanley, the idiot with a camera trying to get people to pose when they were trying to get on with their lives. Stanley seemed to think that it put him outside of their ranks, that he could tell them where to stand so he could get a picture.  Cooper hung out with the Howling Commandos often enough that he was willing to trust them; if someone said ‘duck’ then he ducked and would only ask why later on if he couldn’t figure it out for himself.
“Steve! Barnes!” Cooper shouted to them, his bulk easy to spot in the narrow trenches. “Morita found a map.”
“Steve?” Bucky said softly as he looked at the narrow strip of metal.
“You’re staying as well, right?” Steve asked, as the turned off the main road.
Relief seeped through their bond as the sentinel understood what Steve wasn’t saying, almost painful in how strong it was; Bucky knew Steve could stop him shipping out and knew he was stubborn enough that he could talk himself into it.
“So…” Gabe started when he stepped inside, the other two following. “Schmidt is apparently away for a few days, or so we heard a couple of guys saying.” He was grinning slightly.
That sounded oddly… “Jay, are you trying to revive the original Captain America comics? Where he died crashing into a field of ice?”
“It’s been shut up since the whole war thing, but my family has property out here in Italy. I figured if you are out here anyway, once you’re off the train then it’s not far to go.”
“Schmidt is mentioned in these letters. Apparently he’s been looking for anyone and everyone with unusual abilities, or who survived unexpectedly.” Gabe piped up from his spot on the floor beside Jacques.
“Oh, I’m starting to want you to make me.” Tony sounded amused by him as he looked Steve up and down again. The hint of lust Steve felt along their bond combined with his embarrassment at the overly bright uniform had Steve turning on him.
“You planning to follow Porter home again?” He asked, his voice still tight as he knotted his hands together.
“We telling Fury?” Steve asked, looking to Tony as though he’d do whatever he recommended.
“Where you from?”
“It depends what you are trying to find. A lot of modern stuff does go onto a computer, though it’s not always uploaded to the internet. Older records though, it depends on where they lived and what they were doing.”
“Which d’you think is worse?” Gabe asked, sniggering slightly. “The idea that Falsworth is actually this bad at cooking, or the idea that he’s a good cook and he had to grow up eating food that tastes like this.”
’ She arched her back, her tawny coat looked soft. Steve reached out to pet her, and she allowed it.
“An argument can be made for fifteen.” He pointed out, grinning as he took a drink of his coffee and savoured the taste.
“You were captured?” Steve spun to stare at him, his eyes flitting over Tony’s form even though he knew the man had clearly survived well enough.
It was apparently the wrong answer, nothing Schmidt could work with and his enhanced anger led to him using his fists instead of his words, just like any other bully; it was hard to respect that kind of a man.
Steve dropped to his knees and wailed as the pain began to build back up again, gripping as much of his face and ears as he could whilst curling in on himself.
“Good. So where is the little guy from, actually?” Erskine asked as he began looking through the stamps.
“Yeah. Three things you can see. Name them for me. Go. Thing number one?”
Watching Fury talk to the dark-haired alien on a television embedded in the glass table, Steve reflected again on how easy it had been to capture him; first in Stuttgart and then later in the forest; Loki had had ample time to escape as Tony had picked a fight with other alien, but he had simply sat there and waited. Honestly, something about it just didn’t sit right with the sentinel.
“It’s just a prototype.” Tony shrugged, and Steve wondered if Bruce was unaware of the one in Tony’s chest; he remembered that it had something to do with Tony’s heart and that it powered the Iron Man suit, but maybe it was slightly different when it was being made to run a whole building. “I’m kind of the only name in clean energy right now. That’s what he’s getting at.” Tony stated but Steve already knew this as Tony had explained about fossil fuels and greenhouses gases back when Steve had stayed with him weeks ago.
“Where are we going?” Steve asked as he and Bucky squeezed into the front with Howard.
“Yeah. I’ve got some clothes for you too.” Tony replied as though it was no big deal, and Steve had to remind himself that that was the case. He and Bucky may have struggled to get enough money to eat three meals a day, pay rent and buy other bits and pieces, but Tony was like Howard; enough money that he didn’t need to worry and enough generosity to share with his friends.
“Oh.” Tony sighed. “Alright. Yay. Hurray. Good job, guys.” He sounded even more exhausted than Steve, who honestly just wanted to go to sleep despite having one foe left to capture. “Let’s just not come in tomorrow. Let’s just take a day. You ever tried shawarma? There’s a shawarma joint about two blocks from here. I don’t know what it is, but I wanna try it.”
The next room along had to have the prisoners in; the atmosphere was heavy with fear and frustration, and the place stunk of ripe, unwashed bodies, of vomit and untended injuries. Inside was quiet, and Steve could see prisoners in round cages, only a few of them whispering, most simply sitting and staring blankly out.
“Found makes it sound like I was looking.” Tony grumbled, though he continued petting Steve with confident, comforting hands. “It feels too cliché to say it’s a happy accident, but that particular phrase wouldn’t be wrong.”
“Hello.” He said gently, lowering his gun as he went to crouch before the boy. “I’m Steve.” He pointed to himself, and tried to put a smile on his face.
He really liked this one. “How come it’s not standard issue?”
“I’m going to take the jet to DC tonight. I’ll make a start getting the next building converted.” Pepper decided, as her wide eyes focussed on Steve’s file, the black and white video clip now showing a young man with a big smile, half hidden under the arm of another soldier.
“I have seen the future, Captain! There are no flags.”
“I’m not afraid to hit an old man.” Tony mocked warningly, lifting his chin as he scowled down at Steve.
“Jay? You there?”
“Captain Steve Rogers.” He introduced himself simply, holding out a hand to shake the man’s.
Without even shoving his baggy pants down, he sat on the bathroom floor, beside the toilet with his eyes squeezed shut as he rested his elbows on his knees and hid his face in his hands.
“It’s not that I’m worried the whole base had gotten up and wandered off.” Falsworth retorted with a smirk, and Steve was close enough to feel his amusement along their bond. “It’s more your ability to remember a map that we no longer have.”
"Sir. This suit is compromised. I would recommend repairs before heading out.”
“If that’s what it takes.” Steve replied honestly. He’d do whatever he needed to do to get Bucky back.
“Yes sir.” Tony resisted the urge to snort as JARVIS paused for a dramatic moment. “One week ago, SHIELD received a call from a Russian oil team in the Arctic Circle saying they had found a man in the ice… and that he had a rather familiar shield.”
“That’s pretty young to be a captain.” Rhodey noted, but blatantly didn’t ask how he’d achieved the rank. “You like it?”
“Loki had him under some kind of spell.” Black Widow explained, her own emotions so completely sealed off that Steve suspected her own guide abilities were the cause. “Along with one of ours.”
“Need a lift?” Tony raised an eyebrow, holding out an arm.
------
“Vibranium. It’s stronger than steel and a third the weight.” Steve slid his hand and arm into the straps. “It’s completely vibration absorbent.”
They stepped out and Tony led him through the reception area of his personal floors, a large open space with steps leading up to a big balcony. There was a kitchen on the right as you came through the foyer from the elevator and Tony’s bedroom Tony’s bedroom on the left. Up against the gigantic windows that opened the room up to so much light stood a red and gold robot.
The cube seemed to emit a light like a flash light, pointing in one direction as Schmidt’s skin seemed to burn and he yelled. For a moment, it looked as though Schmidt was also changing into a light that was shining upwards, then Steve shut his eyes as the brightness burned.
The short man that he’d seen earlier retracted the bridge and then Steve and Bucky were on the other side to the exit.
“So, Captain Steve Rogers?” Like one of the Captain America guys from the comics: Captain America – Based on Captain Steven Rogers and Captain Peter Cooper. His Dad had hated the comics and had complained about how the real Captain America hadn’t looked like that, how he hadn’t been that smooth or smug… Tony had loved his comics all the more for his Dad’s disdain. Rogers nodded. “Excellent. We’ve got names covered then. You got any questions?”
As Erskine prompted Peggy Carter to go somewhere else, Steve focussed on not panicking. Getting strapped down made that kind of difficult.
Panting, he stared at the ship as a car stopped beside him.
“Here.” He walked in to find the kid sat in a pair of undershorts… as in actual shorts; they nearly reached his knees; they were weirdly and adorably old-fashioned. “Those need to come off too or you’ll just get the sweatpants wet.”
, but he wasn’t sure if he was allowed to discuss his true history with a house keeper. He hadn’t really been supposed to tell anyone at all during the war. He wondered if this Jarvis was the son of the Edwin and Ana Jarvis, the couple he'd hired a few years ago... Except not a few years ago, it had been more than sixty five years ago... That length of time? Maybe it was their grandson. Maybe they had shared some of his history, but it was best not to risk it. “Forgetting stuff, I mean. And that happened cos I took a blow to the head.”
Steve hurried over to the tent filled with the junk they’d brought with them, recognising that he would need to take some stuff with him; a flask of water, a parachute…
“Some stuff got knocked out of alignment, huh?” He grimaced as he imagined the work he’d have to do in the small, tight space.
“Are we done here?” Steve asked, his eyes on Thor as he edged towards Tony, as though planning to protect him despite the fact that Tony was in a suit of armour while Steve wore a tight suit (not that it didn’t highlight certain features well enough, but Tony didn’t exactly consider SHIELD’s resources to be top-of-the-range, especially not when it came to protecting the people Tony wanted to keep safe).
“He turns.” Agent Hill stated, but Tony’s rambling had distracted her from the confusion and anxiety that had been bubbling inside and helped her mind focus again. Steve wondered how well his guide could feel the emotions of other people and if he was helping them settle deliberately.
“No. It’s not the exams I’m interested in.” Dr Erskine assured in a warm voice that called for Steve’s trust. “It’s the five tries… But you didn’t answer my question. Do you want to kill Nazis?”
“Only ice?!” He snarled, words were becoming difficult as sentinel side of him lost interest in talking.
“I’m sorry, Nick.” Tony interrupted, spinning one of the computer screens around for them to see. “What were you lying?”
“That might not be the right file.” He said quickly, hoping he didn’t get himself arrested before Bucky had even left for England.
Loki looked eagerly over at him, clearly pleased to have the attention. “Please tell me you’re going to appeal to my humanity.” And Tony couldn’t help but wonder if Thor and Loki had a younger sibling, because this guy totally had middle-child syndrome; resentful and bitter that he had been ‘overlooked and undervalued’, desperate to be noticed.
“I’m not gonna stop trying.” He pointed out, before sighing and stepping back. “You said you’d found some girls?”
That sure was disappointing.
He pulled himself up, checking the integrity of his suit. “How long?”
“I don’t know about that, but it is powered by the cube,” Fury explained, which meant they had the same power source. “And I would like to know how Loki used it to turn two of the sharpest men I know into his personal flying monkeys.”
Steve felt sick. It wasn’t that he’d missed Bucky, but that Bucky was still in enemy hands… and he couldn’t even tell anyone that he was alive.
“Then tell him to suit up. I’m bringing the party to you.” He took a wider curve around several buildings this time, trying to leave some undamaged as he headed back to the others. If Banner was there too, then he was happy to buy into Steve’s notion that they could do this as a team.
Steve shoved his hands into his pockets. “You go ahead. I’ll catch up with you.” He said, as casually as he could.
“Whatever you want, pal.”
“It was actually Howard who wondered if you would become a sentinel. Erskine thought you would be a guide and I thought you would be both.”
“I was wrong, Director. The world hasn’t changed a bit.” He allowed the bitter note to seep into his tone as he glowered.
“No. Not yet.” The man agreed, but he must have seen something in Steve’s face because he sighed again. “I will say this. You know Mr Hodge?”
“I don’t know how much you know about computers, but pretty much everything here runs on a system. He has all sorts of information going in, then he processes it and takes action as necessary.” Stark was grinning, and the dull look on his face transforming into a more upbeat, excited expression. “He’s basically got the mind of an assistant, so he can remind me about stuff, or send messages, or adjust things that are electronic, but he doesn’t have a body.”
“This is urgent.” The agent stated as Pepper quietly laughed, a broad smile lighting up her face.
“Boss?” Happy twisted around to give Tony a perplexed look as the older man leaned over to buckle the kid in. “We dropping him off somewhere?”
It was just that Tony hadn’t really spoken a single word to him the whole time he’d been there.
“Thank you.” He said, trying not to feel overwhelmed as he stood up heavily and moved into the bright room, decorated using white tiles and glass. It reminded him of staying in Howard’s various homes, which always looked expensive and, no matter how often Howard had assured him it was all just
The unexpected voice seemed to jolt through Steve, and he lifted his head enough to stare into Bucky’s eyes.
He grinned again as he realised Camp Lehigh was in New Jersey, already able to imagine Bucky’s complaints at that. He was one step closer to helping in the war.
“If you agree that Loki is to return with me, then aye, we can settle this out of battle.” Thor capitulated and Steve nodded.
Once suited up, he took off, flying through the sky as he let JARVIS navigate his way to Germany, apparently. He knew he was more than six hours late, but he wondered what he had missed and why the helicarrier had a course set for Stuttgart.
“Are you ready?” Erskine asked, and Steve nodded his head silently. “Good. Take off your shirt, your tie and your hat.”
“Captain Rogers.” Jim’s voice was a welcome change to Schmidt’s. “What is your loca-”
Steve wondered if that was part of why Schmidt hated him so much; the idea of wasted potential. He kept back, watching the other man and dodging his shots as he tried to decide what to do.
“So… Doctor Erskine managed it after all.” Drawled the man, likely Schmidt, though Steve had never seen a picture of Erskine’s original subject. “Not exactly an improvement, but still… impressive.”
“You won’t be alone.” Peggy promised.
“It wasn’t your fault.” She said softly, apparently perfectly aware of what he was thinking.
“Sorry, Boss. Some guy just ran out into the middle of the road.” Happy was explaining, but Tony was already opening the door. It wasn’t every day you saw Nicholas Fury on the streets of New York and Tony wanted to know what he was up to.
Banner was a doctor and a scientist, and Tony had heard of his work in biochemistry, in particular the failed experiment that had led to his ability to become this ‘Hulk’.
“It’s too late. She can’t stop now. She wants to show us something: a new universe!” Selvig’s eyes had that bright, unearthly haze to them that he’d seen in the others brainwashed by Loki.
Rogers stared down at his knees in silence, occasionally sipping his water. With how tense he was, how his eyes kept darting around, Tony had a feeling he was still battling fight or flight mode.
Once inside, the group gathered as Steve sent a message to Fury to update him. Loki let out a groan as he regained consciousness.
“Trust me, Fury will not object to you sneaking about when you need to.” He assured him.
Was that why Steve had moved out in the first place? He should have called sooner. “I trust you.” He informed him, now confident in the knowledge that this was true. “I want you there.”
And after Stane, he didn’t trust the world to know.
However, once they were back at the camp, Steve dressed in dry clothing with Stark sat close enough that they were touching, the new sentinel realised he likely wasn’t going to get his wish without Erskine to fight for him.
“Where I’m going, if anybody yells at me, I can just shoot ‘em.” He pointed out, a nervous grin quirking his lips.
“But you? You are not the centre of attention, you can slip into a room unnoticed. You pay attention to everything around you and you have compassion. You are a good man.”
“Keep track of the helicarrier for me, Jay. I’m probably going to need to catch them up.”
“I was having twelve percent of a moment. This seems serious. Phil’s pretty shaken.” Tony could have questioned that because Phil seemed unbothered by anything, but he’d never been the kind of guide who was fully in tune with the emotions of others; he’d have to trust Pepper with her interpretation of his body language.
Steve snarled as his eyes lifted to meet those of the fleeing man. He only caught a glimpse, but it was enough; the burning in his veins roared again as he pelted up the stairs, giving chase far more effectively than he ever had before. He noticed obstacles before they became an issue, his eyes and ears working to take in more of the world than he ever had before.
“You aren’t too far off. I made him and so a lotta people don’t count him as a person, but he is. He has learning systems and he’s changed a lot since I first made him.” Stark’s arms crossed over his chest as he glowered defensively.
Steve scowled. Was Philips daring him? It felt like a dare. “I think I understand just fine.”
He blasted out the beast and smashed through a bus shelter, into a taxi and then, as he staggered up, into a sign and back onto the sidewalk as numerous Chitauri shot him back down.
“Your work with the tesseract is what drew Loki to it, and his allies!” Thor half growled as he stepped closer to the director. “It is a signal to all the realms that the Earth is ready for a higher form of war.”
Tony looked curiously at him, and Steve could feel the pang of sympathy that went through him. “Now I focus on tech. We build a lot of cell phones and tablets, ah which are communication devices; phones you keep in a pocket.” He pulled out a slim piece of what looked like glass with lines on it, which emitted a faint humming noise that Steve could only pick up with his sentinel hearing, barely distinguishable from the other electrical noises in the building. “It connects to the internet, which is like…” Tony hesitated for a moment. “I guess it’s like having access to loads of books and records, you can use a search engine to find information, and a lot of people use it to talk to each other and share photos and videos.”
“Sir, we have more incoming.” The AI informed him.
Tony hated to admit it, but Fury had a point. Sometimes, Tony couldn’t get a house visit from a doctor without the press wondering what was going on; the kid didn’t need to have the overwhelming fuss of the paparazzi focussed on him while he was adjusting to everything.
“We’re dead in the air up here. Our communications, location of the cube, Banner, Thor. I got nothing for you. Lost my one good eye. Think I had that coming.” Fury sighed as he moved around the edge of the table. “Yes, we were going to build an arsenal with the Tesseract. I never put all my chips on that number, though, because I was playing something even riskier. There was an idea, Stark knows this, called the Avengers Initiative. The idea was to bring together a group of remarkable people, see if they could become something more. See if they could work together when we needed them to, to fight the battles that we never could. Phil Coulson died still believing in that idea, in heroes.” Through the haze of his own detachment, Steve could feel the panic welling inside Tony as he stood up and walked out. “Well, it’s an old-fashioned idea.”
“Come on.” He whispered, to him.
“How can I?” he retorted almost managing a smile. “You’re taking all the stupid with you.”
“Steve!” Peggy followed him, but she didn’t say anything else as he threw stuff into one of the cars. He had never driven before, but Holmes had mentioned the very basics to him when Cooper and the girls had been on stage leaving Steve and the other soldiers waiting around.
“Not as much as I should have. Sorry. Next time.” But Erskine’s inability to keep a smile on his face let Steve know they were starting soon.
Steve pursed his lips before meeting his gaze. “Fury didn’t tell me he was calling you in.” As though Fury was suddenly a trustworthy person who shared his plans.
“Straight into you… We have things set up for him so when he’s ready to head back, bring him over to us.” Fury was one step away from gritting his teeth.
“Mr Stark.” Steve said as he stepped up to him.
“And now there’s that guy.” He sighed, headed over to the back.
” Barton pointed out, making him grin slightly.
“Hey Sarge!” Bucky’s girl shouted, breaking the moment before Steve managed to say anything. “Are we going dancing?”
He quickly began to strip, mouthing his thanks to the person who took them off him, still unable to find his voice.
“How about that?” He murmured, feeling smug. Was there anything more satisfying than knowing he’d beaten this potential problem before he’d even known about Thor?
“Jim, Dum Dum, you get to keep a look out first.” Steve stated as he began to tug his blanket out of his pack. “Then Gabe and Bucky, then me and Falsworth.”
“Steve…” Bucky elbowed him as he scowled at his card. “Stop showing everyone what you think.”
Rhodey smiled slightly as he replied “Philadelphia.” He looked a little nostalgic. “When were you born?”
“He knew Dr Erskine.” Steve explained to Cooper, a conversation he’d already had with the rest of the men, but Cooper and Stanley hadn’t been with them at the time. “Erskine considered him a failure as the experiment increased his aggressive and greedy nature.”
“They request you are there by noon, sir.” JARVIS replied. “As such, you have about three hours before sleeping if you are going to be at least acceptably well rested before heading out to the co-ordinates.”
“Should be able to get in from here.” Jim said softly, slowly beginning to climb the ladder.
“Well. Perhaps we had best start with how you’d like me to address you.” The woman smiled gently at him, everything about her seemed to invite trust; from her warm, crinkled eyes and her messy bun of greying hair to her plump figure and relaxed posture, she had a motherly warmth about her that seeped into the air. Steve kind of wanted to ask if she was a guide with the way he felt influenced about her before he’d even had a chance to speak to her, but he’d already made a number of mistakes with raising topics that were now taboo, or finding himself close-lipped about things that people in this age freely chatted about. He wasn’t sure if this was an acceptable topic and he didn’t want to keep getting it wrong.
.” A warrior managed to knock the guide back down again; he was exhausted. “
“And then shawarma after?” Tony asked as Steve helped push him into a sitting position as the armour seemed to be too heavy for Tony to move on his own.
“Okay?” He poured himself another drink.
“Do you think I’m not?” Steve could feel the irritation stirring in Tony, but it didn’t seem to be directed at the sentinel. “Why did Fury call us in? Why now? Why not before? What isn’t he telling us?” It was a good question, one Steve had asked of his superiors before deciding whether or not to follow orders, but Steve hadn’t gained enough confidence in this new century to start questioning authority. As annoying as it was, maybe he shouldn’t be surprised that Howard’s kid wasn’t too interested in marching to someone else’s tune; his old friend had only listened to Philips when it had suited him. “I can’t do the equation unless I have all the variables.”
“You know, you can visit German bases without rescuing people?” Gabe said, his eyes bright and Steve laughed.
Steve stared nervously around him as he shifted the uniform pants up again; he’d had to poke an extra hole in the belt to keep them up at all, but it was worth it to actually wear the outfit.
“Brooklyn.” Steve replied, a smile working its way onto his face as Doctor Erskine pressed the stamp onto the inkpad and then onto his form.
It was a crazy idea, but hopefully he’d be safe inside his suit as he reached the softer tissue.
“I suppose we could use someone else.” The senator murmured quietly on the other side of the room, but more than loudly enough for Steve’s enhanced ears to pick up.
“What side effects?”
His eyes were starting to dart around, his head moving slightly too. Hopefully, that was a good thing. What had JARVIS said? Breathing and counting stuff. Focussing on his senses, which was likely a good idea as the kid was a sentinel.
“I will roger that.” He replied checking to see where was best to take it; somewhere already badly damaged to try and contain the destruction was preferable.
“There wasn’t really time. I mean, who would I say anything to? Plus, it’s already made. I wouldn’t want to waste it.” Oh yes, he was a man from the Great Depression, where waste was on par with mortal sin.
“What about the others?” He asked, almost desperate for a chance to get his sentinel back. “Are you planning a rescue mission?”
Fury’s sigh definitely had a growl in it this time. “I’m not saying we should separate you two right now. What I am saying is you can’t get him the help he needs, especially not without causing a massive fuss. That’s not what he needs, Stark.”
As he dropped back onto his mattress, eyes sliding shut, the young guide tried to recall the cool air of the early spring, when he’d worn a coat to keep back the chill as he’d watched Howard Stark’s show then headed over to the recruitment centre. With his clothing sticking to his skin with sweat, it was hard to remember being that cool.
“No.” Fury groaned, but Tony couldn’t twist enough to see anything but the sentinel’s t-shirt; there was a hand cupping the back of his head, holding him protectively. Tony could actually feel the growls rumbling in the man’s chest now. “Captain Rogers, put him down. I promise to explain what’s going on, but you need to leave him here.”
“Now why would I do that?” He asked with a smirk.
“He will be. In an hour or two, hopefully, maybe less with the way he flies.” She grinned at him. “He’s travelling through, but I don’t think he could resist the detour to see you.”
” Natasha’s voice called as he saw the jet approaching his tower.
“We have a Hulk.” He retorted, confident that the Avengers would win. Between himself, Steve, Bruce, Natasha and Barton, they could probably take him down, but with Thor as well? The older brother whose shadow Loki always felt dwarfed by? They’d get through this.
He pointed to the door. “Do you want to leave with us?” He asked, hoping Erik spoke enough English to make this conversation easy.
“I know guys with none of that worth ten of you.” The Commandos hadn’t been about how much money they had, or how much they gave to others, they certainly hadn’t had any self-proclaimed geniuses or ‘play-boys’. “I’ve seen the footage. The only thing you really fight for is yourself.” The bright armour, the flashy displays? The woman is short skirts dancing around him? He was worse than Howard had been; he did what he did inside a suit of armour to gain attention. “You’re not the guy to make the sacrifice play, to lay down on a wire and let the other guy crawl over you.”
Steve edged closer to his shield, which would deflect that weapon. “Not my future!” He yelled, before diving for his shield, deflecting the next shot then throwing it to knock Schmidt off his feet. It bounced off the core in the middle of the room and some kind of electricity seemed to spark out from it.
Steve picked it up. “What’s it made of?” He wondered, as it was lighter than the shield he’d taken from Cooper.
But as they stepped out onto the factory floor, explosions ripped through the air. Realising they wouldn’t be able to walk across the main floor without getting burnt, Steve tapped Bucky on the arm and they made their walk up to the walkways that crossed higher up.
“And then, to stimulate growth, the subject will be saturated in Vita Rays.”
“The 107th?” Steve asked, jumping to his feet. He knew his sentinel wasn’t dead but he didn’t expect any more than that these days, he’d been away from Bucky for so long. But the idea that his friend was so close and he hadn’t known… Was he captured, or had Steve been sitting a few tents away from him all this time.
“Try keep his ankles out that water.” He added, thinking about what they had trudged through to get inside.
“Shall I call him for you, sir?”
“What?” Steve looked even more confused than before, but the fear that had been present underneath was dissipating, so he was doing something right.
“No.” He managed eventually, his voice croaking and he shut his eyes again as they began to burn. “I met Tony when I woke up… they said I was in a coma when my – when he died.” Though he wasn’t sure how true that was; he’d expected to die, then he’d frozen… dead and revived was surely more likely than just a coma… He took a shuddering breath as the pain of his broken bond flared up, his mind unconsciously searching for that presence that had been a comfort since he had become a sentinel.
‘I know. It’s been hard to manage more than a light meditation. I couldn’t get far enough in to see you.’
He’d gone from several nights in Tony’s super modern home where he had an AI running everything to an apartment set up by SHIELD, where he had a record player but not even a television. Weirdly enough, even the lighting made it feel old in comparison to Stark Tower, which was lit up with brightly, both inside and out; his SHIELD flat seemed dingy in comparison. He wouldn’t have minded staying with Tony as the man was his true guide and a good guy, but SHIELD had suggested that distance was better for him, so that he didn’t end up too dependent on an already busy man.
Pepper was aware of his agreement with Happy, and while she thought the guy was paranoid, she also never insisted Tony break his promise. “That’s fine, because I love being handed things.” She reached out and took the file off Coulson, handing the agent her flute in return. “So let’s trade.” So took Tony’s flute off him, handed over the folder and took a drink. “Thank you.”
Bucky was still there, hanging on to a metal bar… but Steve was too slow.
“I don’t think he ever left his town before the war.” Steve shrugged, at least able to understand the other man’s enthusiasm. “It’s all kind of new for him.”
“Sergeant. 32557. Barnes.” The man slurred, and Steve ran to his side.
It was a shame he hadn’t yet had time to finish the Mark VII, which had a fault with the communications that he hadn’t been able to fix yet. But he would rather risk a problem with his suit not sealing up perfectly, which was the main problem originating from the snapped wire than being unable to contact anyone. He just had to avoid being underwater for too long.
Steve looked around for a moment, trying to say something but he was honestly terrified and only just keeping it hidden.
He began to remove the plating to access the wires. He was going to have to pull a fair bit of this apart to get it repaired quickly and he would probably just build a new helmet altogether when he got back from this secret SHIELD meeting. He had another suit mostly complete, but he liked to know he had a backup suit around for if he needed it.
But Steve didn’t like the idea of him rushing off on his own; he’d seen the cube turn someone into light and shoot them into the stars and he doubted the Iron Man suit would protect against that. “Look, all of us-”
The man didn’t even glance up as he replied. “Rogers, you are going to be here until we figure out how to make more super-soldiers. As a test subject, you were an acceptable candidate, but we need a troop of capable soldiers. That means, we need you here.”
“Better get moving, bugs.” Dum Dum called from behind Steve as Jacques shouted for them to go.
Natasha had controlled calm enforced on her top layers of emotion, but Steve could only see what she allowed him to, so he had no glimpse of the nerves that had to be supressed under that. “You want to think about removing yourself from this environment, Doctor?” She suggested, and Steve could feel her encouragement from Bruce’s end as she encouraged him to leave.
“You found someone then?” Dum Dum asked once they had gone.
“Steve?” Bruce spoke up. “Tell me none of this smells a little funky to you.”
“Thor’s heading back to Asgard.” Tony explained as he handed over a mug of coffee. “But we decided yesterday that we’d go say goodbye.”
He looked curiously at the box, wondering if Stark had built it. He needed to get over the idea that things built by this man exploded. “Are you sure this thing works?” He called to Stark, lifting his gaze to stare at his guide’s face.
“Steven? Can you hear me?” Steve stared blankly at the metal in front of him, unable to lift his gaze to the little window above him, but Erskine’s voice was still a comfort. As the words sunk in, Steve noticed the hesitance in his tone, likely because he was a good man… Just like Steve wanted to be. A good man, able to help save the people from the Axis Powers. To help people like Bucky and the soldiers, Peggy and the Allies in Europe, Erskine and the good people who were unable to escape Hitler… He wanted life to go on…
“B-but I can ask Colonel Philips if he minds you travelling with Captain Cooper. He’s got a handful of soldiers who travel with him to keep the showgirls safe, to keep their morale up. I’m sure no one will care if you travel with them. There is a big note in your file about keeping you safe for Stark’s sake, but Cooper hasn’t ever had any real trouble.”
“But it does now?”
“Okay. I can do that.” Maybe. How hard could it be? He stepped closer to the soldier and rested a hand on his shoulder; his distractingly muscled shoulder… in his tight, still-damp shirt. “Ro… Steve? Hey, Steve?”
“What do you mean?” Erskine didn’t touch him, which was a relief and even the press of the air from the gathering crowd felt crushing, but the scientist was warm beside him. “From the machine? Is it fading or is this an overwhelming sensation? Senses in overdrive?”
“There’s not enough time. This thing’s moving too fast and it’s heading for New York.” He took a deep breath, ignoring the pain from his ribs as he looked out over the clouds. “I gotta put her in the water.”
------
“Yes.” He grinned. Food was much tastier than he could remember it ever being in the past. “I just need to shower.”
Steve shook his head as he met his older friend’s gaze. “Don’t think about it.” He insisted, squirming on the spot as he resisted getting any closer; he had enough problems without his Ma shaving his head to get rid of any lice.
Curling over, he turned about and charged at him again, managing to dodge out the way of Thor’s fist, but not Steve’s shield as it thumped into both of them and ricocheted back into his sentinel’s grip.
Refusing to give up, Steve pushed him hard, stumbling backwards to the floor as Schmidt landed on the controls in front of the pilot’s chair. As the ship began to plummet, Steve tried to get the better of Schmidt, punching whenever he tumbled close enough, but maybe it was good Schmidt got to the controls because he managed to level the plane out.
“Sounds exhausting. The rest of the raw materials, Agent Barton can get his hands on pretty easily.” Tony murmured, and Steve grinned briefly as the man showed he was thinking about their problem. He certainly felt like he had a plan of some kind. “The only major component he still needs is a power source of high-energy density. Something to kick-start the cube.”
The dark haired man sighed. “Steve, I’m not going to zone out at any point; I’m really not that strong a sentinel and I’ve been in training for ages. They know I’m stable. And you can’t get in because you have a list of health problems.” Bucky clapped a hand to his shoulder and their bond, which was tightening painfully began to ease up with the contact. “You aren’t going to get in just because you said you’re from Manhattan instead of Brooklyn.”
“And you need to focus on the problem, Mr Stark.” Steve reminded him. Earlier in the day, he’d used Tony’s last name as an attempt to separate their professional relationship from their personal one. But now, while he was in this overly bright costume that demanded attention, he was going to act like someone worth paying attention to; that meant he was going to keep up the professional attitude while there was something of a crisis going on.
Steve felt warmed to the core with the look in Dr Erskine’s eyes. “Well, there are already so many big men fighting this war. Maybe what we need now is the little guy, huh?”
It was the Hulk’s roar that jolted Tony back to the land of waking. “What the hell? What just happened? Please tell me nobody kissed me.” He babbled as he looked around, unmoving as the suit must have ran out of juice.
Steve had come down as ordered, gotten himself cornered and kissed by Private Lorraine and then cleared up what Stark had meant by fondue.
“I didn’t think so. Where is everyone?” The sun hadn’t quite set yet, so he couldn’t have been here more than an hour.
“Hey Steve? You want to move back in with me? You know, assuming we all come out of this alive?” He blurted out as he increased his incline.
“Steven…” he rasped, lifting a weak hand to point to the younger man’s heart. Steve understood the message, but pain reared up inside him as the scientist’s hand fell and his life left his eyes.
“They can probably hold him better than we could, if they can use magic too.” Steve figured as he sat down. “When do we need to be there?”
“You underestimate Steve’s ability to aggravate people if you think he needs to meet them more than once before they want to take him out.” Bucky joked, grinning at his friend who glowered at him.
“Me.” Dum Dum gave a wave. “Assuming you have food in.” He looked over at Howard who nodded his head.
He dreaded having Bucky’s Ma knock on his door to say he’d gotten himself killed because Steve had been too pathetic to be allowed to go with him.
“Well…” She hesitated, so Steve pulled back.
“I’ll ask.”
------
“Shit.” Tony swore softly as he stepped back, raising wide, brown eyes to meet Steve’s gaze.
“You sure?” Stark asked with a slight frown, and Steve could feel his concern as the man gazed at him.
He passed out as blue light surrounded him.
“You’re coming back to tower, right?” the older man asked as they shook hands. “Once you’ve been out for a ride?”
As Tony came back out, once again in the Black Sabbath top he had been wearing on the helicarrier, Fury contacted him to sort out search and rescue initially with the police who would help organise the chaos on the streets as everyone panicked about where their loved ones had gone in the attack. The Director also told him that he might have to read a short notice for a news camera to assure people that things were calming down and what to do if they couldn’t find someone, but he was sending someone over to write something rather than having him make something up when he was still dog-tired.
The engineer shrugged and headed over to the kitchen. “I guess so. Lunch?”
“Is this the first time you’ve lost a soldier?”
“Mr… Call me Tony. Mr Stark was my father.” The man’s face twisted in displeasure and Steve felt a grin twitch at his own lips in response.
Steve sighed as he stared at the pages of his book, not taking any of them in. He was beyond exhausted.
“I just did.”
“Hey.” Stark whispered to him, pressing their shoulders together again. “Let the doctors have their fun and if you aren’t out in a few months then I’ll come spring you.”
” Steve pointed out, and though he sounded fine over the ear piece, he was decidedly frustrated along their bond.
Tony’s warm, brown eyes met his. “He’s a spy, Captain. He’s the spy. His secrets have secrets.” And then the serious moment passed as he tossed a blueberry into his mouth. “It’s bugging him too, isn’t it?”
“Who’s cooking tonight?” Gabe asked as he sunk comfortably into a couch.
“Remember when I made you ride the Cyclone at Coney Island?” Bucky asked as they stood waiting for a train.
His head ringing and his vision spotty, he stared at the flickering landscape as it rushed by. He couldn’t bring himself to search their bond to see if he was alive… couldn’t currently remember how to search their bond.
“That needs to be a plural. It’s good to have new ideas in advance of when I need them.” Tony lifted off slowly, as though checking Steve was steady before his boots took over the bulk of the thrusting and an arm circled Steve’s waist.
Thor grinned as he thrust his hammer into the air and called the lightning to it. “Then I welcome your company.” He took down half a dozen of the bastards in one go.
“STRIKE team’s coming up to secure it.” The super soldier explained, as he heard the elevator open and Rumlow and Sitwell led several men through to secure the sceptre.
“Sir, shall I try Miss Potts?”
So if Steve was understanding correctly, and the whole thing was edging towards the boundaries of his ability to understand, then the Tesseract had opened a portal at SHIELD, but it had collapsed like when you dig a tunnel in the dirt and don’t use props to keep the sides up; the whole thing tumbles in on itself. But Loki had allowed his team to steal the props they needed to dig this tunnel to allow the alien army through to Earth… just they were digging through space instead of through the ground.
“Captain Rogers, please calm down.” Fury was saying, and Tony raised his eyebrow when he noticed the look in the director’s eye; he was worried. About what damage the sentinel would do, or about the actual soldier, he wasn’t sure but Fury wasn’t gaining the guy’s trust at all.
” He could tell from her tone that she was starting to get exasperated; lucky for him, she wouldn’t get angry back, especially over something like this. She was good at trying to understand other people, and she always pointed out the less pessimistic possible reasons for their actions. “
Crouching close to the panel, he shut his eyes and focussed his hearing on the circuits in front of him. They were definitely humming, and as he blocked out other sound, he could work his way along each relay to check they were all making noise.
He tried to think of something to say, to keep the man talking in a comforting way about what they would do after this, but the fear was beginning to crush his chest again and he simply looked up at the roof.
They were all relaxing and playing cards, so he hadn’t minded folding and going to join her. She’d immediately told him off for not using her name then chatted about everything she’d been doing in the last four months, only half skimming over the classified sections.
“Come on, let’s move.” He said, trying to make his voice warm and encouraging while his eyes still prickled from the strong smell around them.
Steve stared in horror as Schmidt showed them the red skin, the red skull that he had been hiding.
.” Pepper’s voice was soothing, but she generally allowed Tony to rant and her calm responses typically made him feel better.
Dropping the archer on top of a building, he powered after a bunch of strays towards the acceptable perimeter. He shot over to them, firing his repulsors and taking two down and catching the attention of several more. Spinning around, he changed direction and went to collect a few more that were causing trouble down near street level.
“Sorry. I guess there’s a lot to catch up on.”
“It’s probably too late to go to the bathroom, right?” Steve asked, trying to reassure the doctor without actually saying anything so obvious.
“You just don’t like him because he gave me Last Rites in August.” The younger boy teased. He’d been real sick a year ago, and it had been in the previous summer that everyone thought he was done for. Father Peterson had prayed that he make a full recovery if it benefitted his salvation, and Steve had gotten better. His Ma said that he was going to grow up and do something wonderful, because he’d recovered from being so sick and now she and Bucky were wanting him to be a little cherub and follow all the rules. And Steve was trying, but the rules were boring, and surely calling bullies out was a good way to work towards salvation? He was pretty sure God didn’t like bullies either, Father Peterson was big on respect… that and loving your neighbour as yourself, but Steve was fairly certain he’d want someone to say something if he was bullying someone without noticing it so he was probably following that ideal too.
“This guy seems to have some odd correspondence.” He nodded to the body on the bunk, who was only half dressed, so Bucky couldn’t see his rank. “Jacques is looking it over, because he thinks it looks coded, but I think so.”
“Yes.”
------
“This is yours?” Steve asked as he climbed out and stared at a building as big as the whole apartment block he’d lived in in Brooklyn.
‘I have a true bond with the pilot.’ He said in an attempt to change the subject.
“Can you do that at college?” Steve wasn’t really sure how the college rooming system worked, but if he had to guess, he would have assumed it was like the barracks where you had to deal with where you were put.
Thor smacked a fist against a table, the bang quietening the voices. “You speak of control, yet you court chaos.”
“Steve?” Tony’s voice called out as he stepped off the elevator and headed over. “Hey Rhodey. I wasn’t expecting a visit off you, was I? JARVIS? Did I forget a scheduled Rhodey visit again?”
As Dum Dum and Howard wandered off, Jacques pulled out his pack of cards; Bucky, Steve and Jim sat down with him to play as Falsworth and Gabe chatted quietly on the couch.
“This is my Iron Man suit.” He stated, and Steve could feel the nervousness rolling off Tony as he showed him something he was clearly proud of.
And Mr Johnstone? Well, his prices were too high and Steve only wanted an apple. That was probably fine too.
Sighing, he picked it up and looked blankly into the camera. “You have reached the life model decoy of Tony Stark. Please leave a message.”
He ducked under the barbed wire and jumped into the back of a passing truck. One which was, unfortunately, already occupied. “Fellas.” Steve greeted, before moving quickly to knock them out before they could shoot him.
“Fast food? The food is pretty standard so they have loads made up already. Means you don’t have to wait half an hour for it to get cooked.” The older man shifted, his brown eyes warm as he watched Steve fight to get his expression under control. “You still haven’t answered my question. Where in the tower do you want to stay? Assuming we go back there while it gets repaired.”
“Hey, if Bolt in the Blue agrees to stop swinging that thing about and bring Loki back, I’m happy to visit SHIELD’s new, super-secret headquarters.” Tony assured him, hopefully proving his sincerity through their bond. They hadn’t actually experimented at all with it, so Tony wasn’t sure how versatile it was.
“I know it’s only a short stop.” Bucky noted as he accepted his hand. “But it’s nice to be somewhere that we don’t need to look over our shoulder.”
“Look, I know you don’t think I can do this-” he began but Bucky cut across him.
(no one called it a wireless anymore) as it didn’t have any of the programmes he’d wanted to listen to, then sat with a novel in his hand on the couch and stared at the wall for a long time, listening to every sound he could hear in the apartment block without enhancing his senses too much.
“A little.” Or a lot, but he wasn’t going to tell Bucky that.
“He’s been tied up. Can you see anything to cut rope with?” The knots were tight, but at least he wasn’t trying to break through manacles. He wasn’t sure he could open those with injuring the person he was trying to rescue.
He forced himself to breathe as he realised that he’d finally done it. He’d joined the army. He’d be able to do something useful.
“I took the liberty of coming up with some options.” St- Howard elaborated as he nodded to the table he’d led Steve to. The inventor must have realised he’d liked using a shield, because there were various different types spread out before them. “This one’s fun. She’s been fitted with electrical relays that allow you to-”
The darkness wasn’t quite never ending as he flew into it; he could see a shape…
“Uh actually, I’m planning to threaten you.”
“The cell was just-”
“Can I use the internet to find out what happened to the people I knew?” He asked Doctor Foster, who had been unobtrusively watching his study of the painting. “Tony said that you can use the internet to find anything if you know how to look, so…”
“Hey, Agent Romanoff. Did you miss me?” He called out, grinning as he scoffed audibly for him.
The cube seemed to get brighter, sparks jumping off it and spreading out in the air. Steve gazed in wonder as he saw the night sky more clearly than he ever had, even when he’d been in London during the black out. There weren’t just stars, there were strange clouds of orange and red and blue that didn’t look like any clouds he’d ever seen before.
Admittedly, he hadn’t been expecting her to shoot at him four times, but the shield protected him, absorbing the vibrations, just as Howard had said it would.
“I know. Come on. One at a time.” He pushed his sentinel over to the railing first, helping him over and nodding encouragingly as he began to move. Heart in his mouth, he watch Bucky edge slowly along, barely breathing when the metal began to buckle and his friend threw himself the rest of the way, just managing to grab the railing before the metal bridge fell into the firestorm below.
Jim retched, clamping a hand over his mouth as he shivered. Gabe moved his friend’s bowl away so it didn’t spill before reaching over to pat his back. “Keep it down! We haven’t got rations anymore!”
Steve glared at him, unable to push any words passed the furious lump in his throat. He’d absolutely had enough of being inside, of being little more than a science experiment that would never see a frontline if the scientists and doctors had their way.
“Official consulting hours are between eight and five every other Thursday.” He pointed out, a little bitterly. The only SHIELD business he wanted to know about was where Steve currently was, and he doubted that was included in the folder.
“It seems the shell covers most of its body, sir.” JARVIS replied as over the comms, Steve could be heard giving orders confidently.
“You didn’t argue?” He asked as Natasha landed the jet behind them and they led Loki over to it.
“Levels at one hundred percent.” A confident voice called out, and Steve glanced up to see the inventor guy who did a show in New York once a year step into his line of vision.
Rogers tried to say something, managed a croak and then just nodded his head.
“I… What?”
At least, not too far out there when they were discussing aliens and magic cubes.
“So… he can turn lights on and off?” Steve asked, trying to wrap his head around the idea.
He lead them on a merry chase, through tunnels and around sharp bends again as he listened carefully to his comms, unable to fully suppress the concern about his team mates. He blasted through the streets towards Steve when he spotted him fighting, landing long enough to bounce his repulsors off Steve’s shield, the vibranium amplifying the energy to take the enemy down quickly, but he shot back up into the sky when he saw several Chitauri flying towards Barton’s position.
“That makes sense, I suppose.” He admitted. Howard had been happy to have all the Commandos in his home in Italy and the small house he owned in France, but Steve alone had been allowed into his proper home, the one in Malibu with a gorgeous view of the Santa Monica Bay. It hadn’t been in a great state when Steve had been there, but he kinda hoped Howard had improved things there for when he lived there with his wife and… son? Grandson? Had this Mr Stark ever been there? How was he related to Howard? He could vaguely remember talking about his old friend the before sleeping… “Mr Jarvis? I don’t remember much from … this morning? Last night?”
All that said, he had a feeling that Steve was a very easy man to fall for and if they started hanging out like a guide and sentinel ought to… well, he couldn’t ever date Pepper because she was just way too important to do that to.
“Natasha is on the roof of your building. Clint is up on that building.” But as he pointed, Thor landed on the building.
He had to be totally honest, he hadn’t expected the kid to shake his head.
“What’s the matter?” Steve spoke up, and Tony saw he was looking back at their captive. “Are you scared of a little lightning?”
“In case you needed to kill me. But you can’t! I know. I tried.” There was a flash of pain, and Steve saw Tony and Natasha flinch as well as they felt it. “I got low. I didn’t see an end so I put a bullet in my mouth and the other guy spit it out.” Steve had a brief flash to Dum Dum, staring at his gun when he’d accidently killed a civilian that had been in one of Schmidt’s bases; the older guy had asked in a blank voice if the war was ever gonna end, and they’d all refused to leave him alone until he’d been able to smile again. The thought that Bruce had been so alone… “So I moved on. I focussed on helping other people. I was good until you dragged me back into this freak show and put everyone here at risk.” He reached behind himself to grab to sceptre, shifting it slowly off the table with his left hand.
“Eight o’clock on the dot. Don’t you dare be late. Understood?”
“Steve, don’t let us know what you have.” Jim reminded him, his own face blank of emotion.
“Can your suit handle it?” He checked, not wanting to give it any unnecessary strain.
Tony curled his lip and opened his mouth, but an explosion knocked them off their feet and into the doorway before he could reply.
“I need a minute here.” He yelled in response as he dared to start moving. He didn’t feel like gravity was working for him at all.
Ignoring the words that occasionally came through his earpiece, Steve kept an eye on the doorway. However, he couldn’t ignore it when he realised that he couldn’t hear one of the engines. He slammed into the side as the ship lurched, but quickly got his feet back under him as more soldiers appeared. He was going to have to take them out; it was unfortunate, but he wasn’t going to let Tony die because he’d been unwilling to fight back.
“I’ll show you how.” Steve could only just hear her over the roaring wind with his sentinel hearing. “Just be there.”
“Come on.” Their bond was filled with the pain that Bucky was in but Steve gritted his teeth. They didn’t have time to waste, but he stopped for a moment to look into his sentinel’s eyes. “I thought you were… You’re not dead.” He’d known Bucky wasn’t dead in theory, their bond confirmed that, but it was something else to have the other man standing before him.
“I would start with that stick of his.” Steve said, keen to get a move on with breaking Loki’s plan. “It may be magical, but it works an awful lot like a Hydra weapon.”
.” Tony replied, far more kindly than he had in Bruce’s lab ten minutes earlier. “
“You save people with it.” Steve concluded, a smile stretching over his face as a bubble of pride for his guide welled up within him.
“Thor’s right.” He piped up. “We got to deal with these guys.”
.” Steve confirmed his suspicion.
“Nice call. What else you got?”
Steve nodded his head and stepped over to look out at the sky before them. “Thanks.”
“We will proceed.” Erskine said as Steve heard him step away.
“Did he ever explain which it was?”
Steve couldn’t help smiling back at her; his Ma had put his pictures up at home, said it helped brighten the place up, and had refused to let him take them down, even as he got older and improved at what he was drawing. They’d never been able to afford any kind of good art, but she always said that his pictures were made with love and that made them priceless.
“Phase two is SHIELD using the cube to make weapons.” He half growled, irked that SHIELD was resorting to Hydra’s tactics of using something they didn’t fully understand. “Sorry, computer was moving a little slow for me.” He added for Tony, a little sharply as his emotions spiked with anger again.
“Put on the suit. Let’s find out.” The thought of Tony being ripped away from him, just like Bucky had been? He wasn’t going to just let it happen a second time.
“Mr Stark? How are your levels?” Erskine asked, as he must have realised Steve had nothing else to say.
“Doctor Abraham Erskine.” The man introduced himself, looking Steve in the eyes as he spoke and Steve stood up the shake the outstretched hand, unable to stop himself relaxing in response to him. “I represent the Strategic Scientific Reserve.”
“It’s an arc reactor.” Tony informed him, unsure of how much honesty to go for. “It’s important for my heart… like a pacemaker.” He wasn’t up for casually discussing his kidnapping while trying to keep some army kid from panicking; that would be a long, alcohol-imbued conversation. “What else can you hear?”
When he got outside, Tony and Happy were waiting for him in the car park, his guide wearing a pair of sunglasses as he leaned against the hood of his car. “All done?” The man called out as Steve approached him.
But Tony was shaking his head already. “I don’t like being handed things.” He didn’t make many genuine promises, but those he did he tried to stick to; and years ago he had promised Happy that he wouldn’t let anyone he didn’t fully trust hand him stuff. Sure it made him come across as rude sometimes, but people had issues with him anyway so this wasn’t really a big deal.
“Let’s get you a cup of joe and some clothes.” Stark’s tone was soothing, and Steve allowed himself to be tugged along. “Running around Brooklyn in wet pants is a terrible idea.”
“JARVIS, any time now.”
If the two most intelligent people in this room, and possibly on the ship, thought something was off, then he couldn’t ignore it. “Just find the cube.” He commanded, hoping they could spare a few thoughts for where it was outside their other interests.
“Huh.” The older man thought for a moment before nodding his head. “Makes sense. Even if he’s just stopping by here, he’d bring more soldiers, more protection. If he’s not stopping here, why tie up some kid?”
“That’s not what I mean.” He replied with a frown.
Steve paused, letting Bucky lean against the corridor wall, but only for a moment. “I joined the scientific division and they gave me this weird experimental treatment.” He shrugged, then began to move again, allowing his friend to take his own weight. “I’m stronger than I look, I’m healthier, not had a lick of bother with my asthma. I’m also a sentinel now.”
“You know damn well why.” He growled, throwing off the hand that had landed on his shoulder. “Back off.”
“Not my fault they keep animals around to experiment on, or test weapons on or why ever they keep ‘em. But I’m not gonna just leave them there.” He pointed out, breathing deeply as they finally left the tunnel, stepping out into cleaner air.
“Just drop your stuff in here, you can decide where you want to sleep later.” The guide said as the soldiers dropped down. “And if you wait a bit for the water to heat up, you can have a bath. We do have running, hot water out here.”
“I think Loki’s trying to wind us up.” Steve tried to get him focussed back on the real problem. Everyone’s disinterest in Loki was beyond frustrating; they all seemed real confident that he was trapped in that cell, like any regular human would be without fully acknowledging that he was an alien. Steve wasn’t exactly sure what differences there were between regular men and these aliens, but Thor could fly and summon thunder so he didn’t want to underestimate them. “This is a man who means to start a war and if we don’t stay focussed, he’ll succeed. We have orders. We should follow them.”
“Suits a little battered.” He admitted. “But it’ll get the missile through the hole.”
“I had him on the ropes.” Bucky jokingly complained once they had taken down the other guy.
As it was, he did at least doze while JARVIS took control, but he sure was hungry when he woke up.
Straight in front of him was SHIELD’s file on Steve. Some of it he had seen already, the information on the Valkyrie, where it had landed and the state it had been in; it also had Steve’s official photo from his army days after he was promoted to Captain, decked out in the old-fashioned style and the schematic for his shield, the silver star surrounded by dark blues and greys, much less noticeable that the bright red, white and blue of the Captain America shield from the comic books he’d read as a kid. A glance around showed Natasha’s file, and he spotted a note that said she was a guide linked to Hawkeye; the unfamiliar code name was shown on another display, with a video of a guy using a bow and arrow, of all things.
The scan came up green and he headed up out the water. “He’s been gone more than three weeks.” He tried and failed to keep the hurt out of his voice. “And he agreed to stay in touch. I assume I’m not waiting for snail mail to arrive from him. Even if he’s busy with history lessons, he could text or call or…” He genuinely felt pathetic for whining about a lack of attention, but this was supposed to be his sentinel; this rare bond that only a tiny percentage of people ever experienced and the kid just wasn’t interested.
“Well, Mr Jarvis said that my clothing is getting cleaned and that these are acceptable to wear.” Steve replied, just managing to avoid making the statement into a question; he hoped Mr Jarvis was correct and his clothing wasn’t too casual. He had said that Mr Stark didn’t often have guests at his home here, so perhaps the housekeeper had made a mistake.
And he laughed at the fist pump Tony performed in response.
“I do love marching.” Jim quietly grumbled, and Steve didn’t need to see him to know he was smirking really.
Steve answered instantly “
“And you know that monkeys, chimpanzees, those kinds of… animals, that they are the only other creatures that appear to have sentinels.”
“Uh.” Bruce glanced over, before shaking his head. “I just want to finish my work here, and…”
He kind of wanted to go tell Bucky, but the low thrum of arousal he could feel along their bond let him know that his friend wouldn’t really care at this moment in time. He wasn’t exactly sure what the Strategic Scientific Reserve was, or if they would ever see the front lines, which didn’t seem implied in the name, but maybe they’d come across the 107th at some point.
Erskine handed him his file. “Congratulations, soldier.” Then he walked away as Steve gazed down at the new stamp.
“So, he is a person who exists only on your… computer? System?” He barely knew what he was talking about, never mind the right terminology, but there was a fond smile tugging at Stark’s lips that Steve rather liked.
“You don’t give up, do you?” Schmidt shouted, but he sounded amused rather than annoyed.
“Move over. I’ll take us over there.” She said, then began to climb into the driver’s seat, leaving Steve no option but to budge along.
As he headed up, he spotted another one of the space whales and he headed after it.
“Loki is manipulating you.” Steve shifted uncomfortably as Natasha replied, the levels of irritation, anger and aggression rising in the room so quickly that it was half fogging Steve’s mind. He raised his eyes to his guide again, the man still lounging comfortably on a table; he really wanted the comfort of an embrace, but he didn’t know Tony well enough to take it. He took a deep breath and tried to focus on something other than his frustration at the whole situation.
Steve nodded, grabbing his gear and moving to the cable.
“I have information, sir.”
The grin twitching at the corners of Stark’s lips made him realise his new guide was trying to be friendly. “Well, you were sat on a stool earlier on. Didn’t realise you were so short.”
Dispersing yet another shot with his shield, Steve ran towards him and kicked him in the chest. Then with his foe down, he used the man’s weapon to clear a path to Bucky.
“You furious?” Tony asked Steve, before glancing over to Thor. “I’m furious.”
“Don’t worry, Black Widow. We’ll hit him hard enough to keep him down until Tony and Bruce can help.”
He couldn’t help the slight snort. “Nothing. I’m just a kid from Brooklyn.” Just shy of twenty three and he got to stare down a true monster; that had to be more bad luck than anything special.
Lifting his head as he wiped at his eyes, Steve gave the man a small smile. “Why? Need help with something?”
Sniffing quietly, he easily worked out the most used corridors and he made his way through them, ducking into cupboards when he heard people coming. Eventually, he paused outside what looked like a factory floor from what little he could see from the window. He tapped the barrel of his gun on the door to bring the guard over then knocked him out and dumped him in a storage cupboard that didn’t smell too fresh.
There was something odd about the way he asked. “Is this a test?” He inquired.
“He’s definitely got muscles now.” Someone else said, but they were even louder.
“That’s disappointing.” He muttered, feeling more than a little frustrated. “Guess we’re heading back to England for a while, unless we get a runner with new orders before then.”
“Neither am I.” The smaller man assured him. “He’s got the same blood on his hands that Loki does. Be right now, we gotta put that behind us and get this done.” Maybe Steve wasn’t interested in blindly following orders, but he was clearly a soldier used to fighting a war, able to put a lost battle behind him on focus on what needed doing next… Tony’s eyes slid to the patch of drying blood on the wall, where Coulson had died. “Loki needs a power source. If we can put together a list-”
Shit… Fury had said Steve’s previous guide had died while he’d been in a coma. Tony had never even had a surface bond with anyone before, but he’d read up on stuff when he’d been identified as a guide; having a true bond cut off like that hurt like hell, some people couldn’t survive the death of their bond mate.
So he had gone back to his quiet apartment, scowled at the
“How do I know if they are broken?” He decided now was not the time to assume he could work it out, not when he had someone here who could explain it and eliminate the risk of him getting it wrong. Swallowing pride was easy if it kept the ship in the air.
“Right.” Tony walked passed him, refusing to accept any comfort for something that undeniably felt like his fault, because there had to have been another way. “I’ve heard that before.”
Steve sighed. “I look like a kid playin’ dress up with his father’s clothes.” He was more than aware of how small he was, but it hadn’t bothered him until he found himself swimming in a uniform.
“Kill the reactor, Mr Stark.” Erskine called out, his voice noticeably panicked too. “Turn it off! Kill it! Kill the reactors!”
“But… It was… We joined more wars?” He wasn’t sure why he was surprised; people always found reasons to fight each other. The Great War had been the War to End All Wars, but that clearly hadn’t worked.
“Sir, I’m afraid he’s insisting.”
Before he had the chance to advance any further, Thor pushed him back with his hammer as though he didn’t weigh an extra 200 lbs with the suit on. Jumping back to his feet, he saw the man disappear of the back of the jet with his brother.
“That man is playing Galaga! He thought we wouldn’t notice, but we did.” Steve glanced over at one of the men sat at a computer screen, tapping away like everyone else. He didn’t bother to ask what Galaga was because he could feel Tony’s mind working over the problem as he rambled. Howard had always felt the need to talk while he worked, but he usually spoke about what he was doing to the actual thing he’d been working on. “How does Fury even see these?” He asked as he considered the glass screens; computer screens as opposed to television ones, Steve assumed, as they didn’t have any video feed like the ones inside the table had.
Steve nodded and allowed himself to be pulled up as he pushed his worries off to the side; he still had a bond with Bucky, now the initial panic was ebbing away, he could still tell his sentinel was alive… and now Steve was a sentinel as well… He staggered to the side as his mind struggled with that notion, and Stark grabbed his arm to keep him upright. Steve now had a true bond with Bucky, but also one with Howard Stark, which was a little awkward as he had still only managed to get one word out to the other man.
“Thank you, Steven.” Erskine patted his shoulder. “But you must go.”
Cooper was learning to relax around them, even if Stanley was hanging about. They let the photographer stick around and kept him safe as best they could but he didn’t make it easy with his need to be there whenever something happened, but he was also the one who made notes on what they did and took it to the people who made the comics… He supposed Stanley must have some understanding of how annoying he actually was because those comics? They always made the Howling Commandos out to be big heroes, with a close camaraderie that people loved to read about.
“I think I remember something about that. There was something in the newspaper a few years ago about a guy trying to show they had guides too.” It didn’t really burn going down his throat anymore.
“Can you give me a lift?” Barton asked as Steve checked they were good to go.
He reached the walkway, his breath coming in choppy pants as he kept his head low to avoid the gunfire. That had been close. But he could hear Tony getting rattled around by the rotors, so he took a deep breath and shifted himself onto all fours and reached a single hand up to pull the red lever down.
“Oh, of course you can. Of course but unfortunately, I am on a tight schedule.” But he had wasted too much time and the Howling Commandos were in position, hopefully leading several other squads along too.
“I think I would just cut the wire.” Tony replied, hurt radiating along their bond, but Steve supposed it was because he hadn’t fallen over himself to be impressed with the guy and his genius ways.
Thankfully, the guy head-butted him before he broke the gloves and Tony was hurled backwards. With a groan, Tony blasted towards him and threw the thunder guy into a tree, but Thor recovered quickly and easily flipped Tony in his heavy over his shoulder and to the ground. However, before he could land a hammer blow to Tony’ chest, the engineer gave his boots a blast and shot out from underneath him.
As a distraction from how he’d let Bucky die, no doubt; he couldn’t help the heavy sigh as he recalled why he was here.
She wasn’t wrong. Bucky had always had more loyalty than common sense. “I’m going after Schmidt.” He informed her of the decision he had made while sitting here, that maybe things would be okay if something like Hydra got taken down in response to Bucky’s death. “I’m not going to stop until all of Hydra is dead or captured.”
Nodding, Steve jumped over the gap and swung himself up to the walkway. Sliding the panel out, he admitted to himself that he didn’t know what he was looking for.
“I hope they have rations stored away,” Gabe jibed as he began to gather the bowls up. “I’d happily empty my pack if it meant I could fill it with stuff to eat.”
“Workshop, Jay. I’m going to get stuff together.”
“Hope so.”
Apparently Fury had let the sentinel read through some files as well. “Doesn’t matter.” Tony stated, turning to look back at his sentinel. “If he frees Loki or kills him, the Tesseract’s lost.”
Steve interrupted her, manners less important than saving Bucky. “By the time he’s done that, it could be too late!” He tugged on his jacket and headed out, grabbing Cooper’s shield from where it had been propped up against one of the tent poles.
“I don’t remember it being that easy.” Steve insisted, confusion swirling along their bond. “This guy packs a wallop.”
“Because of him.” Fury pointed at Thor, leaving no room for doubt as to where he laid the blame. Steve turned to look at the apparent thunder god as Tony got to his feet; as a guide, he was no doubt feeling the negative emotions that permeated the air too.
“JARVIS? Find out who he is and, you know, what’s going on.” The older man said softly, wondering if he should step in and do something as the kid began to gasp, his eyes staring blankly ahead. “How do I help?” He tagged on, not caring if Rogers or JARVIS answered, so long as he got an answer.
“Steve.” He whispered, edging closer to his friend to grasp at his hand. “Come on, pal, I need you to focus on me.” He wasn’t a guide, and couldn’t use the spiritual side of their bond to guide the blond back, but maybe he could get through to his senses. “I don’t know why we don’t have more guides in the Commandos, you know. Bad plan when you put this group together there, huh?”
“Is… she still alive?” He asked uncertainly, not sure if he actually wanted the answer.
He was going to miss this when he had to go back to Fury and could only visit occasionally, like he had with Howard.
“Just tell me what to do.” Steve instructed, pleased to see that Tony could ask for help when he needed it… if he even needed it; he’d be able to survive a fall back to Earth in his fancy, flying suit. It was them who needed him.
.” And she actually had a really good point there. When the original Jarvis had died, Stane had suggested just getting a new butler to keep things in order, but Tony had been unable to even consider it… In fact, the next butler he’d had was JARVIS, his bodiless AI with the same accent but increasingly more sass. As he flew towards the tower, he tried to remember Jarvis’ smile, the subtle humour he’s displayed that the AI inherited in spades… If Stane had insisted to him getting a new butler before he was ready, he would have either got rid of the new guy or moved to another property too.
