Dean doesn’t need Castiel. Not anymore. He’s going to meet someone worthy of him and they’re going to live happily ever after, and Castiel will just be an entertaining footnote.
Maybe he shouldn’t have chased him off. Now, he’s like one raw exposed nerve, an open wound for Marv to rub salt into.
Cut that out.
“Shouldn’t bother you again. At least, not if you and your girlfriend stop shoving lime peels down there. It might be called a garbage disposal, but—what’s so funny?”
The day Dixie leaves is sad for everyone. She’s opened up considerably in the weeks since Claire came to work with them, but the cafe is still not the best environment for her. She only comes out when Claire is working, and the persistent noise of the burr grinder sends her dashing for safety. More than once, she’s hidden herself so well that she has inspired a store-wide search, involving the staff of both Toe Bean and Winchester, Ink.
“Get outta here,” Dean says. “I’ll handle it. Here—” Dean digs a set of car keys out of his pocket. “Baby for the baby, right?”
Claire doesn’t answer, except to bury her face in her palms and let her shoulders shake, silent. Dean casts about for somewhere else to look, trying to let her have some semblance of privacy, and ends up staring at a display of brightly colored baubles, pocket-sized elephant statues and silks and jewelry for sale by the entrance, waiting for the storm to pass.
“That’s it,” Castiel encourages as Dean shakes apart. “Come for me. That’s it.”
“Yeah, sure,” Dean grumbles back, steering him toward the door. He makes brief eye contact with Layla, who is loitering by the pool table, looking somewhere between put out and worried. Dean doesn’t care. He just gives her a nod and takes more of Cas’s weight.
And he doesn’t really feel like lying here analyzing what, exactly, has changed, so he throws off the blankets and stumbles toward the bathroom. A shower actually sounds heavenly.
I've been having some tough times with my creativity lately, and comments are one of the biggest things that keep me going. So if you like this, let me know, even if it's just a quick word. Thanks so much for reading <3<3<3
Dean snatches his arm out of that branding grip.
“You don’t know when I last dusted,” Dean mutters, but he knows that the bookshelves and television and everything else in the room will give him away on that front.
A firm pressure of closed lips, cheekbone and jaw, and Dean gasps at the rush of affection, lust, adoration as Cas presses his scentmark into the sensitive spot at Dean’s neck.
“Yeah,” Dean laughs, heels pedaling restlessly in the duff, rubbing at his eyes with his palms. “This is insane.”
As he towels off, a weird kind of anticipation buzzes under his skin. Ripples of his pleasure linger as he slips into soft, balloony pants. Usually,  orgasm just leaves him feeling sated, but today he feels energized, like he’s plugged into some live circuit. The feeling follows him down the stairs and through the motions of starting coffee for the morning.
“You don't like alphas?”
“Fingers?”
“That was a very convoluted sentence,” Cas says. Dean wonders if he’s dreaming or if his voice is a little strained.
sure as hell appreciate it. Look, this is just part of the job—”
There’s a long, still stretch of silence, the kind of silence you only get past the witching hour. As it stretches paper-thin, Cas sits up a little straighter and clears his throat, flicking some dried blood off the torn edge of the hoodie. Dean doesn't even tell him to stop being gross. Not until he takes the hoodie by the shoulders and shakes it out.
A bit breathless, Dean says, “It can wait.”
“Just with this one. He’s a right little troublemaker.” Donna dumps Mango on one of the chairs, and he hops down to the floor and playfully pounces at a brown-and-gray tabby called Melody. “So. What can I get for ya, Deano?”
Castiel grits his teeth on an exasperated sigh; if he alienates Donna, then he really will be up shit creek. More than he already is. His heart has been in his throat for a month, since signing the lease on this place and starting preparations. But it’s too late now. He’s committed—or should be committed. One of the two.
Dean cocks an eyebrow. “Really.”
Naked. And all… sudsy.
Yeah, I did.
“Thank you for letting me stay.”
It hurts, but Dean digs up every stubborn bone in his body. “Too bad.”
“I’d like to mark your neck,” Cas murmurs, low and soft in the shell of Dean’s ear.
Dean nods. “I know. I know.”
“Why’d you do it, Cas? Really?”
Bobby’s face pinches, surprised. Hurt. Why should he be, though? It’s just a car, like all the others. A wreck of a car, no less.
“I was being serious.”
“Dean,” Cas moans with barely a breath of space between them. “Need —”
He finally settles on a brief, two-word text as he leaves, slipping back over to his own half of the duplex with a feeling like he’s been kicked.
“What, just because you’re a big bad alpha now, you don’t need any backup? You think just because I’m an omega, you need to protect my delicate ass? Well I got news for you, buddy. It ain’t that fragile.”
Dean snorts a laugh. “Where are the cats, anyway?”
“I do,” Dean says. “And, look, it’s—it’s fine. Don’t worry about it. That’s life, right?”
He tries, at first, not to interact with the cats much. That lasts a grand total of two days.
“So what about you? What’s your family sitch like?”
Cas can’t keep his hands to himself. He explores Dean’s body with warm palms and harvest-rough fingers, skimming from his hips to his shoulders, back down to his knees — then up between them. Dean sucks in air and lets his thighs be parted, lets his mate sink down between them.
“Hey, it’s not that funny.”
Dean shrugs.
“What?” Cas asks with a tilt of his head.
Every morning and every evening, he lets himself into Anna’s duplex to give the cats their various meals. The house doesn’t change, just starts to collect the distinct must of an empty room. On the second day, Dean wonders why they didn’t just do it this way to begin with, why Cas had to housesit at all. It would have been so much easier.
“Uh, everyone?”
“Yeah, real pretty,” comes a slimey voice from behind. Dean feels his hackles rise. “I was just saying that to my associate. We were wondering if that necklace originally came with pearls?”
Fine. Right. Cas closes his eyes and gathers some strength. “Do you want to hang out again tomorrow?”
Two plates of breakfast foods proceed the waitress back to their table. “Here you go, french toast with a side of bacon and eggs, and one tall stack of pancakes,” she says, and Castiel’s baser impulses are abruptly short-circuited by the smell of butter and syrup.
,” Cas barks as the cool night air hits them in the face. He wrenches away and stumbles toward the Impala.
“Oh god. What did you say?”
?” she asks.
Sam scoffs at his offer but holds up his own hands in a mirroring pose.
At the end of a long, fruitless day, they end up back in the clearing, bedding down on a tarp in their jackets under the swaying trees. Dean’s frustrated and exhausted, but the constant low thrum of adrenaline and associated hypervigilance is making it difficult to drift off, despite the itch in his eyes. He wishes he could have remembered the Anasazi symbols he’d used for protection last time, but it’s been a long time since he carried Dad’s journal everywhere, and even his damn-near-photographic memory has an expiration date. Cas had thrown up some basic Enochian protection symbols, but neither of them have any idea if they’ll even work against a creature like this.
It's nothing new, being a complete idiot around attractive men. Dean has absolutely no idea how to handle it. It pushes up all kinds of things he doesn't like to admit about himself, pushes him into unknown territory at light speed—where no man has gone before. Heh. Literally.
Dean obeys without comment this time and catches on pretty quickly when Cas pulls his hand down to wrap around both their cocks. He squeezes them together, gives an experimental tug. Cas braces himself on the back of the loveseat, hands find Dean’s hair again, threading through and just holding on as he thrusts into Dean’s tight grip. Dean groans like he’s in delicious agony, so Cas does it again. He doesn’t care who hears. He just needs to feel the drag of firm flesh, the sticky slip-slide of foreskins, his own thrusts, and the rhythmic jerks of Dean's hand. He’s melting again, everything inside him turning hot and liquid as he chases his pleasure.
Charlie closes the cupboards and homes in on Dean’s admission. “You gave it away? Who to?”
Cas’s lungs leap into his mouth. It’s a stupid reaction. “Hm,” he says, pretending to think. “I don’t know. I’ll have to check against my calendar full of cannabis consumption and watching Netflix by myself.”
In his room, alone, Castiel paces.
Steady. Steady. Concentrate.
His jaw is too tight to form a response, so he doesn’t bother. She keeps looking him up and down, though, like he’s a prize ham at the county fair. “I thought he said you were a suit.”
Dean.
Cas sits heavier on the toilet lid, grimacing in pain when Dean whips the needle through his flesh with quick, practiced motions. Their disposable syringes of local anesthetic can only do so much; he'd used almost all of the ones they had on hand. The gashes are long, but shallow, and widely spaced. So that’s one thing going for them.
There’s a flush of heat, and Dean has to remind himself that expressing curiosity is not the same as asking to see them. “If you ever meet a tattoo artist without tattoos, don’t trust ‘em.”
“What?” When Sam just rolls his eyes and pulls on some heavy work gloves, Dean leans close to Castiel. Too close. Cas hopes to hell that his blockers are functioning. “Don’t worry ‘bout him. He’s just grumpy ‘cause he’s on baby watch.”
Meg is grinning a Cheshire grin now. “Your ‘Dean’? Awww, is he your ‘It’s complicated’? That’s adorable.” And with that, she moves a bit closer, sniffing around Dean with zero subtlety or class. Dean just stands there, cheeks pinched, jaw clenched, and lets her. “Yeah, he smells like yours. Beta?” She looks quizzically back over at Cas. “You fucking queer.”
Cas’s hands soothe up and down his sides, and with each pass, Dean relaxes, incrementally melting. “M’good,” he says at last when he’s slumped against Cas’s shoulder.
The tent they’re in—if it can be called a tent—is a surprisingly elaborate affair draped in colorful hangings and decorated with shelves full of on-theme trinkets. It feels more like an actual Queen's ready room than the post-and-canvas structure it truly is, and even though Dean still can’t quite believe people go to this much effort just for a weekend event, he’s grateful for the headroom and the squishy carpet underfoot.
Shit.
So Dean goes to the doctor, and he comes back with a full allergy panel confirming that, yes, it is cat dander turning his eyes into watery, red messes and his nose into a leaky faucet. “I coulda told you that,” he grumbles. But he also comes away with a prescription for a magical little yellow pill for preventative use—safe for everyday (he’d asked)—and a prescription-strength nasal spray for acute attacks.
This was a terrible idea.
Cas sighs. “It’s a form of self-medication. I take retreats. When everything in here”—he taps his temple with one finger—“gets to be too much to handle on my own.”
“What’s so funny?” Cas asks. He’d probably be glaring if he hadn’t just come his brains out.
He comes with a high-pitched cry, twitching tight on Castiel’s cock and spurting white and hot over their hands, their bellies, their chests. Castiel plunges his cock into that vise-grip, and at the moment of his sizzling climax, feels his knot catch, pop, and pull inside Dean's body, pulsing and firm. All he can do is grind and shudder into the slick, tight heat while he burns, burns,
“I don’t wanna ever go through that again, alright? I always want to be here with you. Promise.”
Cas scoops up the remote and turns on the TV. There’s a Netflix queue waiting for them, some genre show with dark cinematography and two handsome lead actors who appear to take vampire hunting far too seriously. “Salt and Burn? Really?”
Cas is gone when Dean gets home, and he’s gone for the next few days. Dean has no idea how long his rut will last. Benny had always been out of the house from Wednesday to Saturday, every three months like clockwork, but every alpha is different. Cas had never given Dean any indication of how long his ruts lasted; it had never come up. (It might have if it weren’t for this
“Fuck ‘deserve,’” Dean says.
“I thought that was the whole reason you’re here,” Dean says.
“Stuff,” Dean says with a shrug. “Everything. Life, I guess.”
“Oh yeah? Prove it,” Dean snaps.
“Hold still.”
Castiel steps close and cups his cheek in one hand. It’s warm under his palm, rough with second-day stubble. When Dean meets his eyes again, Castiel is struck by how clear and vivid the golden-green is.
“Hormonal?”
“I sure hope so. You’re an excellent screamer.”
They find Dean.
Cas squints at him. “How do you figure that one?”
“I saw the book,” Sam says.
is what he wanted, Cas’s claiming lips, invasive tongue, and Dean wants nothing more than to be claimed and conquered. His knees threaten to fall out from under him as he pushes into his mate’s touch, and then one of Cas’s arms scoops under his waist, hoisting him up, pulling his knees up to wrap around Cas’s waist.
Dean shrugs. “I got meds.”
Dean’s body isn’t sure if it wants to go ice-cold or boiling hot. Maybe both, like Tiger Balm.
His reflection in the door is interrupted when they open on the fourth floor. Hannah steps in with a wide smile and a “Good morning, Castiel.”
“Just ask, numbnuts.”
“Dean?”
Dean’s toes curl in his boots.
“That’s what you need.
and —
“How the hell do they keep all that gear in the trunk of a Mustang?” Dean asks at the end of the first episode.
Dean snorts. “Yeah? Different how?”
“I’m glad I met you.”
“Woah,” Dean says with hands held out. “Slow down, champ. It’s okay.” Dean looks somewhere between crestfallen and amused. “I’ll walk you out.”
, not who you are.”
Cas gasps sharply through his nose and nearly collapses in Dean’s arms.
“Hey.”
“Don’t worry bout him; he’s had ants in the pants about that delivery all day,” the lady behind the counter says. “Anything I can getcha?”
The first class or two, Castiel had lit out the moment he had his shoes on. Lately, though, he's been lingering, slowly toying with his laces while the rest of the class chatters about their weeks, waiting with his loaner mat until it’s just him and Dean in the studio. It's cute, and it makes Dean squirmy in a way he doesn't want to look at too closely, a little warm softness in his belly.
“Um. Cas?” Dean asks, an excited-nervous thrill in his belly.
“Dean,” Cas groans, almost a whine, and his whole body clenches.
Castiel sits very still. “And if I don’t want?”
“Oh, well, son of a—” With a roll of her eyes, Donna frog-marches him toward the employee bathroom so he can blow his damn nose.
Here is a
“Yeah, that’s what I tried to get out of him," Dean says, hauling himself up to sit on the dolly. "But all I got was a cold shoulder.”
“Finally,” Dean hears Crowley growl at their backs just before the door closes.
Cas tries to determine if that’s sarcasm, then decides it doesn’t matter. “You sure you don’t want to stay?” The words are out before he can think twice, and Meg responds with a honk of laughter from inside her tank top.
A little bit of tension softens out of Cas’s shoulders, but he spends a few minutes doing his own sweep for bugs and wires. Dean lets him. This isn’t about trust; they trust each other absolutely. This is about knowing their own people and knowing where to look.
The water is starting to go chilly around them, so Dean ticks the knob up until it’s hot again and rubs Cas down with a special scent-free body wash, listening to Cas’s contented hums. He scrubs the last of the come off his chest, then slows as he dips lower to Cas’s navel. Cas sucks in air through his teeth when Dean starts to tease the trail of hair between his hip bones. He knows he’s treading on dangerous ground — literally, given the slippery shower floor — but he rubs the washcloth down over Cas’s nether regions anyway.
“I can handle a heat, Cas,” Dean says. “I didn’t
“Yeah, okay, you got me. This is fun.”
“Not in my bed,” he growls. Not that he didn’t want that, but—
“Don’t sound so surprised,” Cas says, just a touch of acid in his tone. There’s that itching powder again. “Anyway, I worked for the state for a while in and after college. I wore a suit and everything.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Cas squints at him, disgust curling his nose.
“You thought all homeless people were unemployed drifters?”
even though the knot is made of silicone, and  the rush of rightness knocks the breath from Dean’s lungs. It’s like a second orgasm that’s all in his heart, his mind. Every time he pushes on the base of the knot with little shoves of his hips, they both shake apart a little more, sharing this tidal wave. The fat round of Cas’s knot rubs against Dean’s belly, slick with come. Cas lets go to cling to Dean tighter, holds him close, and Dean trembles down to his soul as he feels the final piece of the puzzle lock in place.
Brief trigger warning, brief enough that I'm not adding it to the tags, see end notes for details.
“Grab on,” he says, and Cas pulls back on his own legs, spreading himself wide. Dean leans down to place his lips and tongue hot over Cas’s opening.
Cas doesn’t linger, using his hands to shoehorn Dean’s jeans down his legs, only for them to get caught on his fucking boots. “Hang on, I gotta—” Dean spends an embarrassing moment undoing laces and losing his balance. Cas catches him, palms like brands on his flanks.
Slowly, keeping his eyes on his phone as if it might leap at him, Castiel sheds his clothing.
His phone bleeps.
They were waiting until they both presented to “go all the way.” They fantasised that it would happen at the same time for both of them, that they would mate for life during their first heat and rut. They played at scent marking, with their simple childhood scents of home and family, nuzzling against one another's hands and shoulders and cheeks, daring to go as far as the ear in a flirting, blushing game of chicken that left them both so ready. They were ready.
But Cas yanks his arm free, then overbalances and knocks into a barstool with a loud clatter. Dean can practically see the moment those shots hit him in the brain, and he hauls him up by the shoulders. “C’mon, Cas.”
“Do you want —”
Cas cocks his head to the side. “Yes, I’m aware.”
“It does have its advata-advantat—” Cas stops and screws up his face like he’s about to sneeze, then tries again. “It does have its perks.”
“Only if you stop depreciating your—frankly, delightful—efforts to take care of me.”
An electric-static pause. “You’re not Clarence.” She sounds surprised.
“My family —” Cas shakes his head and picks at the beer bottle label with his thumbnail. “Too many sons and no idea what to do with all of us. I’m the fifth son; do you know how rare it is to have five male alphas a row?”
Cas nods, and determinedly does not look away from Dean’s skeptical glare.
for the beta reading and cheer leading. <3
The sound of the door opening stops his fingers. Dean cranes his neck over the back of the couch to see Cas closing the door behind him. “Hey.”
And then, in a cacophony of flame and the
“You just liked it because it was about you,” Cas chides with half a smile, his eyes on his own knees.
Cas tilts his head down until he insinuates himself within Dean’s line of sight. He looks for a while, long enough that Dean gets shifty and asks, “What?”
“You’re very confident in your skills, Mr. Winchest—oh.” The rest of his name gets lost between a sigh and a moan.
Castiel fights down an eye-roll. Of course he is.
You ever been?
“Hell, do I? More to the point, why’re you sticking around?” When he’d started, Dean had given him two or three sessions, tops, but now he’s firmly wedged himself in as one of the regulars.
By early afternoon, Dean is restless. Itchy in his skin. They only just got back from the hunt, but it won’t take long for him to be bouncing off the walls, especially with Sam gone. Cas has made himself scarce since the morning, only emerging when the scent of slow-cooker beef stew starts to permeate the bunker.
There’s a new step in Dean’s routine. He’s still the first one in the shop, but now he nips into the Toe Bean first, between the rush of dedicated morning addicts and the after-lunch-nap-defiers. He goes every morning, expecting (hoping) to run into Cas, but instead, he gets Donna's cheery smile and amazing espresso. That’s not a complaint. He likes Donna, and they become quick friends. He's normally a basic-drip guy—or something so sweet and cold, it’s basically a caffeinated milkshake—but she gets him to try their "Cinnameown Americatto" (espresso, hot water, and a splash of cinnamon flavor). He'll never admit it to Sam, but he's hooked after the first sip.
Cas nods.
But he swallows the bitterness. He won’t begrudge them this little joy.
They’re almost nose to nose, and Dean lets himself look at his plush lips for a moment before leaning the couple of inches required to cross the bridge and kiss him gently. “Yeah,” he says. “No lingering damage.”
In his hand, the hand on the doorknob, his phone vibrates again, with a text message this time.
Here, far away from everything in his real life, it doesn’t seem quite so impossible.
if it doesn’t look good on Cas. He hasn’t been able to stop staring at it. Dean didn’t need another reason to fixate on the curve of his jaw, didn’t need even more sparkles in his eyes on the rare occasions Dean can get him to laugh. Didn’t need even more temptation to run his hands through his hair, pull him close and bury his face in the crook of Cas’s neck, pull that newly adorned earlobe in between his teeth and let his tongue play with the barbell—
Dean jumps when Jo slaps his shoulder. “Race you!” she cries as her blonde hair disappears between the trees.
Cas purrs against his shoulder and tucks himself a little closer.
Dean dissolves into helpless giggles, his ribs shaking. “I have no idea where those power bars ended up,” he confesses. Cas just shrugs with a hum like he’s already forgotten about it.
“Hey, Sam,” he tugs at the goatskin pelt around his shoulders and turns so his brother can see his brand. “Does this thing look weird to you?” he asks.
“If you keep using big words like that, you’ll be married by the end of next week.”
It’s true that betas don’t experience estrus cycles. And it’s true that Castiel spent his teenage years waiting for a knot to pop at the base of his cock or to feel himself dripping slick, neither of which has ever happened. But Castiel has spent the last several Saturdays tormented by smokey patchouli and blooming lavender. It lingers even after his shower; it taunts him through dinner; it consumes his senses at night when he thrusts into the tunnel of his fingers, trying not to think about toned limbs and tan skin peppered with tattoos and scars, pink lips and green eyes and—
“Aren’t you forgetting something?”
A knock on the door startles him, and he quickly minimizes the window. “Morning, Boss,” Alistair says, looming in the doorway. “I’d like to talk to you for a minute.”
“Okay, I will admit,” Castiel says, “this is impressive.”
“I very much do.”
As for whether or not “true mates” exist… is up to you.
It’s a kitschy little Thai place they wander into; the man behind the counter is barely Claire's height and greets Cas like an old friend. “Hello!” he cries, his accent thick. “Mango sticky rice? Ice tea?”
The wings burst free; Dean leans up and captures Cas’s lips, hard enough that their teeth knock. He wraps his arms under Cas’s shoulders and pulls him down just to feel himself pinned under Cas’s weight. He’s trembling, head to toe.
“I know how you can make it up to me,” Cas says.
Dean bails. His feet carry him down the hall to the tune of his own racing heart. He ends up in his bathroom with the fan on and the faucet running, his pajama pants shoved down around his thighs, furiously working himself through a quick, fiery orgasm that leaves him boneless and heavy.
“Somebody’s in a good mood today,” Rufus smirks as he steps into the office.
“What happened to the lube?” Dean asks, then laughs at Cas’s wide-eyed blinks of consternation. “You did get the lube, right?”
Silence follows, filled by a comfortably domestic kitchen clattering, the click of the toaster oven, the burble of the coffee pot, all underlaid by Dean humming something in a low baritone. Castiel does whatever rudimentary approximation of his morning routine he can manage: a swig of mouthwash and a painfully inadequate finger-brushing for his teeth, damp hands swept through his hopeless hair, reminding himself yet again that he needs a haircut. He considers a shower, but that seems like far too much presumption, and besides, he only has yesterday’s clothes to change into.
“Well. I am.”
Dean picks up Cas’s hand and nuzzles a kiss into his knuckles.
He keeps quiet, but only barely. Cas, meanwhile, is picking up speed.
And then bursts into giggles.
“Yeah.” And then Meg is gone. Castiel stares up at the ceiling for a while in the soft, purpley light of his borrowed bedroom. The silence stretches long around him before he reaches for the bottle. At least the green fairy is reliable company.
Dean snorts. “Yeah, that’s about all it’s got going for it,” he says. Sam is still visibly scrolling through his rolodex of acceptable responses and coming up blank. “Word of advice,” Dean says. “Don’t let them work you through the ground, okay? Adler’s got some ass-backward ideas about what makes a good work ethic, and they’re gonna bleed you dry if you don’t set some boundaries.”
Then Cas says: “Don’t go to work today.”
If he’s ever needed a fucking beer...
“We’ll do this together, right?”
Castiel merely stares. What hay? He wants to ask why he would perform violence on agricultural products, but the words get lost on the way to his tongue. It’s irrelevant. He wants nothing more than to put his head back down on the book he’s been using as a pillow. It wasn’t comfortable—his neck and back are complaining loudly—but it served its purpose.
What if he’s gone forever—
Under him, Cas hisses in through his teeth; shaking fingers dig into Dean’s hips. They’re both so oversensitive that it barely takes a touch.
One corner of Dean’s mouth quirks up. “Yeah, I’m not going anywhere,” he says. Then he goes into Cas’s welcoming arms, lets himself be wrapped up in Cas’s warm, sticky-skinned embrace.
Dean’s exhale is hard and warm on Castiel’s palm, and Dean’s hands come up to grab at his shirt at the waist. “Yeah, okay.”
“I don’t, I just—” Dean plants his hands on his hips, then feels like a petulant child, so he drops them, which just feels awkward, so he finally crosses them over his chest.
The fingertip tracing his wrist shivers him back to the present. “Shield,” he says, tracing one whorl. “Of,” two jagged lines. “God,” a swirling line around the whole circumference, goosebumps up Dean's arm to his elbow and beyond. “Castiel,” he finishes with half a smile.
Luckily Cas dives over the back of the couch and does it for him.
Castiel may not have a lot of experience with humans, but he does know how to tell when someone—Dean in particular—is uncomfortable.
“Anyway. If you wanna go upstairs and, and be by yourself, me ‘n’ Dean can handle it down here,” Sam finishes, and Castiel wishes he hadn’t.
Castiel smiles, because the cannabis is making him. “We had everything going for us. High school sweethearts. Married within a month of graduation—”
“Because you’re amazing? Everything I just said? I dunno. Why does anyone want to be with anybody?”
He turns to the counter, to the darkened pastry case. It’s empty at the moment, like Snow White’s glass casket. The chalk menu board overhead is full of puns and written in a half-dozen different hands as his crew have added their ideas to the mix. Donna’s rounded capital printing is the most prominent, though Claire’s looping script declares that the “Soup du Purr” is “Meownestroni.” Kevin’s small, scratchy hand is rarer but offers such clever concoctions as the “Calicoconut Cream,” a cold-brew-based beverage so sweet it makes Castiel’s eyes cross. Krissy has provided some of their more off-the-wall ideas, such as the Tongue Bath Mocha, which was served with mini marshmallows in the bottom of the mug. Cas has watched her try to convince several patrons that they would get a free drink if they licked out the remnant marshmallow after they’d finished drinking it. So far, no one had taken her up on that offer.
Another gusty sigh, and Dean goes heavy on Castiel’s chest. It’s a good weight. The fact that Dean is
“We’d better get going,” Cas says with a kiss to the top of Dean’s spine. “It’s almost nine.”
Dean nods.
crazy, Winchester, what the fuck are you doing? “And, like, stop me if this is creepy, or, or anything, but. Um. Would you wanna, like. Get dinner sometime? Maybe?” He feels like his heart is going to leap straight up his throat and strangle him. It doesn’t even get better when Cas’s face lights up, when he shuffles his feet and bites his lip and looks so
“Fuckbuddy,” Meg corrects him. “It was mostly benefits,” she says with a wink in Dean’s direction.
They spring forward.
Dean nods.
Seriously? Small world! Awesome! Okay, so have you ever been with an alpha? In any sense of the word.
“It should be recent. As an excuse for why none of them have heard about you yet.”
“Are you —?”
he groans, and Cas works his hand deeper into Dean’s slick hole, dragging against his sweet spot, bearing down on his cock. Dean thrashes under him, driving in as deep as he can, the swell of his knot tugging against Cas’s rim once, twice—then catching, popping huge and hard and filling Castiel up completely.
“That’s all you found interesting about him, huh?”
“I don’t mind a comfortable level of clutter. This, for example. This is fine.”
Cas blinks, breathes in deep with his nostrils wide open. “It’s you,” he sighs, a benediction. “You —”
Maybe... Maybe he’d wired something in there.
. It’s a feedback loop of obscenity, of blinding pleasure, and every time Cas thinks about how he’s
He should hang up. This is ridiculous. He should just hang up the phone right now and—and text him or something, tell him to knock it off.
He holds it aloft, brings the soft foam tip down directly into the center of Dean’s chest.
“Yes,” Cas answers, gripping him tight in return. “Yes, Dean—”
Holy shit, is that Cas?
“You have a filthy mouth,” Castiel accuses as he leans over him.
She’s too good for him.
“Just talk to him,” Sam implores. “Okay? If only because we’re neighbors now.”
Dean takes the scenic route back to Kansas, taking the time to think, though about what he couldn’t afterward say.
First, a blinding flash of pleasure shoots through Castiel as Dean’s huge, rock-hard knot presses against all the sweet, sensitive spots inside himself.
That’s when he registers that it's only his own clothes on the floor. Cas’s have disappeared.
“Hey, Cas,” he says, his voice sounding charred and loud in the nighttime silence.
TimTam just stands up and turns around on Dean’s chest, lifting his tail so that his business end is about four inches from Dean’s nose.
“If I can ever get this damn thing open—ah.” Finally, he hits on the right combination of birthdays and lucky numbers and the garage door grinds its way open, revealing boxes of junk he’d never unpacked, a bench’s worth of tools gathering dust, and the hulking shape of a 1967 Chevy Impala tucked under a dust cloth. Dean steps into the dusty-musty cool of the garage, grabs hold of the sheet with both hands—definitely doesn’t glance back to make sure Cas is watching—and pulls.
“You must be Claire,” Castiel says. Her hand is small, but strong.
“Your turn,” he says, dropping his cue and not even waiting for an acknowledgement before he’s crossing toward Cas.
“Here,” he says, pressing Mango’s carrier into Dean’s hands. “Put him away. Please?”
With a long button press, his phone screen goes dark. He shoves it back in his pocket, straightens his spine, and forces himself to focus on his work.
Cas smiles up at him, a shy, small thing. Then moves forward, a half-step into Dean’s personal space, and Dean sucks in a breath that’s all sage, cedar, sandalwood. He licks his lips, anticipating, and Cas draws nearer, nearer —
“I don’t think that’s how screws work,” Cas says.
Alistair raises a demurring hand. “Not at all, skipper,” he says. “By all means, continue, I’m positively enchanted.”
As Castiel tucks himself under Dean’s other arm, he finds himself thinking much the same.
“There are other counselors—”
Eyes on the prize.
Cas’s whole face crinkles up and he almost drops the mattress in a fit of giggles. Dean feels himself grinning too, uncontrollably, at having made this near-perfect stranger laugh. “Deal,” Cas says eventually.
Cas is smirking when he turns back to Dean. “Well?”
“Den of iniquity?”
“What? No, come on. But —” Dean scratches at the back of his head. “Well, I do this monthly karaoke thing with my friends. We could have met there...” Dean trails off, and Castiel wonders if he’s embarrassed.
Dean shrugs. “Kids will be kids. They all gotta find their identity somehow.” Cas isn’t wearing any rainbow apparel, nor any of the other obvious color combinations. Dean’s wearing a kilt with the bi pride colors nestled in its pleats, and he painted a rainbow on Donna’s cheek first thing this morning to go with her rainbow bead earrings. Jody’s wearing a shirt striped in the lesbian flag colors. But the only hint of color on Cas is a navy sweater vest. He stares at the colorful throng, and Dean stares at Cas.
That thought pops the balloon in his chest like a needle. Shit, maybe he should have called Sam. Maybe they should have waited. If Cas dies at the hands of a wendigo because Dean was too selfish to share, he’ll never forgive himself.
Right. The audit prep meeting. He had definitely forgotten all about that. “To be fair, I was a little busy,” he says, eyes on his paper-buried desk. He wonders if he’s blushing. He feels like he might be blushing. The hickies on his collar give a little sting.
You mean like a pervy pseudo-pedo fetish thing? Because I really hope not.
“You passin’ out on me, Cas?”
“Wow,” Dean says. “You’re more educated than I am. I just have a business degree.”
He’s not sure, in this moment, which one he wants more.
“I suppose this is not gay, then?” Cas asks.
“Well, you did say he drives like a grandma.”
It’s a sleepy, sunny afternoon, and they’re cuddled up sweaty and satisfied in Dean’s bed when Dean asks, “Can you tell me about Anna?”
The blankness doesn’t shift, but it hardens like thickening ice. He hasn’t seemed like an alien to Dean in weeks, but he does now. “Is there some other greeting you’d prefer?”
The salad is a lost cause. Hell, the whole day is a lost cause. Dean closes the plastic clamshell and tosses it in his barren fridge, then trudges up the stairs to his room. His head aches, his heart and limbs heavy, and he has no idea what to do with these feelings.
Lots of responses spin through Dean’s over-active, cannabis-fogged brain. He could bristle at the term ‘queer’ (although hanging out with Charlie is inuring him to that particular terminology). Or he could protest that you don’t have to be gay to like Lady Gaga. He could go full-innuendo about queer boys “in him.” But the response that blurts out of his lips is none of those things.
Dean looks back at the door he’d been pounding on, then eyes the curtains. He thinks he sees one of them flick more tightly closed.
Stop that.
“You dork,” he says. “C’mon—”
He looks pleasant enough, though Castiel doesn’t like the way he’s smirking at him. He rounds Castiel’s Honda Civic and leans against the driver’s side like he intends to stay there for a while. When his scent reaches Castiel’s nose, it’s all asphalt and wet paint, and Castiel wants to sneeze it out. “Hello,” he says.
“Hell no,” Dean protests at once. “Come on, people aren’t idiots. They know what goes on on rut leave.”
Sam’s eyebrows fly up, forehead creasing. “Seriously? Dude. He takes a pill every day now just so that he can come visit you. What did you think that meant?”
That thought sits sourly on his tongue, and he spends an extra half an hour punishing himself on the treadmill trying to forget it.
It’s after he dabs discreetly at his eyelashes that Dean first reaches for his hand.
Something shifts, falls off center, and Dean presses up on Cas’s chest. “Cas, what — what are you on right now?”
“Okay?” Dean murmurs.
“Yeah, but — I mean, as far as first impressions go, this one’s gonna stick with me. In a good way.” Somehow, during the song, their hands which had been extended have drawn in close so that Dean is clutching Castiel’s wrist to his chest. “And I know I said no funny business, and if you tell me to knock it off, I will, no questions asked, but I — if I don’t at least ask, I’ll kick myself for a long damn time.”
“How else do you expect to get phoenix fire?”
The woman’s face breaks into an incredulous grin. “Oh, am I?”
Cas’s head cocks to the side, a glint of gold flashing with the motion. “Do you want me to fuck you?”
Cas’s are glowing again, and Jesus Christ, this is his
—arches a dark brow and holds out his open palm, brandishing his wrist with DEAN in bold letters like an accusation. “So this is just a coincidence?”
I just don’t want to screw it up. We've become really good friends, plus roommates.
That gets Dean’s attention. Languid relaxation tightens into a sweet intent, and a low purr rumbles from Dean’s chest to Cas’s. Castiel nuzzles down into Dean’s collar until he exposes the still-angry red-and-white mark of Abaddon’s bite. Seeing it stirs his blood, makes his fingers clutch tight. He wants to suck dark marks onto every inch Dean will let him reach, wants to roll Dean around in their shared scent until there’s no mistaking who belongs to whom.
"Hey, shuddup." Dean tries to keep the grin off his face, but it's hard. And, ultimately, not worth the effort.
“What? No, I—this is just—”
“Why on earth did you decide to work here?”
“Um.” Cas has the good grace to look guilty. “My apologies.”
He’s never been with an alpha who didn’t go wild at that. It’s something built into their DNA, and nothing has ever gotten him fucked harder than egging on an alpha.
“Dude, what the hell?” Dean asks as soon as she’s out of earshot. “You can’t just—just stare at women like that.”
But he can’t. For so many reasons, he just can’t. He’s stuck to the cushions, frozen in place.
Cas hums against the bite mark like he doesn’t believe him, then pushes himself up and tries to pull out.
Castiel squints at him from the kitchen, and then it clicks. The ad. The wedding.
“You’ll pay for that,” Cas growls.
“But please, dear, if you don’t want to divulge such information to the man you’re trying to impress, don’t let me ruin that for you.” She reaches up to pat him on the cheek, entirely patronizing, her skin dry as paper. Castiel bats her hand away.
In the silence of Dean’s bedroom, a low sound echoes through the wall. Dean’s eyes pop open, and he waits for it to happen again. A few seconds pass, and it does, and yeah, that’s Castiel’s laugh. Has to be. Rich baritone laughter, muffled but distinct, from the mirror image of his own bedroom on the other side of the wall.
“I have a new handmaiden, now. That is, if she’ll have me.”
Cas explodes out of his curled-in posture, face red. “Because maybe I have feelings for you too, and it scares the shit out of me,” he almost yells.
“Do, uh. Do you not—look, I get it, if you don’t wanna—”
Dean has his cock standing proud in his palm before a loud sigh from the other end of the shower room reminds him that he’s not alone. As a matter of fact, the guy currently starring in some Greek-style “wrestling” in Dean’s imagination is enjoying his own shower just a few stalls down.
“Money. But I’ve already spent most of it on tuition and the cafe, so he wants to claim the shop as his rightful asset. And he says I owe him the balance of my tuition.”
The video plays in silence. With his right hand he clicks around to find the good spots. Yeah, that one—right there, where she’s got her knees hiked up to her armpits and her faceless partner is hammering home with enthusiastic rolls of his hips. Her tits jiggle just a little, nice and perky—and for a hot second he wonders if Cas is watching this video. He’d really seemed to enjoy the waitress’s tits, and this lady’s got a nice pair. Who’da thunk Cas would be a boobs man?
The details of my version of Moondoor are a sort of moosh-together of what we see in the show with my own experiences with LARPing, mostly pirate-themed events in my local community. Plus some stuff I pulled out of my ass. More details in the end notes!
Dean shrugs. “Yeah I mean. I thought you might have felt powerless, but not then. Maybe when you were human, and all the angels were falling. Back when I, you know.” He can’t quite bring himself to say ‘booted you out of the only home you had without a dollar for seemingly no reason’ but he feels like the words kind of hang between them. They’ve talked about that choice, but not as much as it probably deserved. Given that it was, you know, kind of a dick move on Dean’s part.
, which Cas had picked and proceeded to loudly denounce as inaccurate during the opening sequence because “neither ova nor spermatozoa can talk”), because after the third cough he slides a glass of water across the coffee table to Dean but doesn’t look his way.
“You ever think about that, about seeing someone professional?” he asks.
He can’t look at it too close without shutting down so he changes the subject, abruptly.
“I believe it is commonly supposed to be an ape, based on the text, although as the caption indicates:
“I don’t know what to tell you, either of you. It’s an important book, sure, but a fairly common one for its age. You found out about the watermark already, but I can’t help you any more than that.”
There are at least a dozen responses to this statement competing in Castiel’s head, but before he can come up with an appropriate reply he’s suddenly thrown back from his chair, clear across the room as the far wall of the library explodes. Books, tables, chairs, and Dean and Sam all go flying, and through the dust in the air Castiel makes out a slight, feminine form picking its way delicately across the wreckage. He coughs as the figure emerges, eyes swimming, trying to make out a face.
Before he leaves for the day, Castiel takes the liberty of sending a link to the digital facsimile he found to the email Dean supplied during his registration.
“Most copies of books printed in this era are different from each other. The true rarity would be finding two copies that exactly duplicate one another.”
Sam’s face softens. “I think about Kevin—but Dean, you need to forgive yourself for some stuff. You can’t save everyone.”
“Dean.” They shake. Dean nods towards the plastic fork. “What’s that about?”
“I don’t want to get too ahead of ourselves here, but you’re really gonna struggle with steps six and nine.” Benji pauses, considering. “Look, I’m not here to tell you how to work your steps. But you live with the guy and it might be hard to hide that you’re going through something big and life changing.”
“Name unknown.” Dean rubs his chin, “Doesn’t look like any ape I’ve ever seen.”
The sly grin is back. “You asking me to rub one out?”
“Dean—“ Sam starts but Dean cuts him off with a hard look.
It’s Dean’s turn to laugh, because fuck if that isn’t his whole existence. Basically everything he hunts is a power greater than himself. And most of them are dicks. Despite what Benji has said, he has read the steps and he knows what’s coming. He’s supposed to believe in God and that God is gonna save him from drinking himself to death. Trouble is he knows about all the Gods. He’s fought so many of them, and they’re all just like people. Selfish and greedy, bitter and childish. Dangerous. Not a single one has been some benevolent force that could inspire him to put down the bottle.
Except the drinking.
“Yeah, but you gotta admit,” Dean says, “between the two of us I’m the one that’s barely holding it together.”
Dean says nothing, but thinks about last night. Cas was back in town and they’d watched
“From what I’ve seen, you’re both skilled researchers.”
“Yeah, man, weirdest thing--all the marks I found were a bull’s head, just like you said, except for this one.” Dean holds out a sheet of paper dark with graphite, faint white showing a strange pattern, like a pentagram with a death’s head inscribed within.
It’s mostly just existing in the same space at the same time. They watch movies or they research cases or Dean forces Cas to go to the diner with him for pie. Simple and straightforward. And frankly, Dean is grateful for it. He remembers so many times when all he wanted was for Cas to slow down--let go of whatever Angel drama was absorbing his attention and just chill out. Cas is finally sticking around, it seems, and Dean’s not about to look a gift horse in the mouth.
“I get that, I do,” Dean says. “But Kevin I could have done more for. He didn’t have to die. He shouldn’t have died.”
“Dean.”
“That email you sent, about the former owner being a woman. It changed everything.”
The three little dots appear immediately, then disappear, then appear again. It takes a full minute before Garth’s reply pops up:
Castiel isn’t sure if this is a joke or not so he just waits. After a slightly awkward pause, he gestures to Dean’s assigned reader desk. Dean nods, and he follows him over to set the book down. Dean seems to hesitate, as if not sure where to start, so Castiel takes pity on him and brings him a set of modular book supports. He resists the urge to arrange them—he’s been told he can be overbearing to patrons and he’s trying to compensate. He’s about to turn to go when Dean catches his elbow.
“Yes,” Cas answers, and there’s another hard grind. Dean is pinned, entirely engulfed.
Last night’s events start to piece themselves together in his brain, and he forces himself to relax into the tangle of blanket around his limbs. With a bit of more controlled wriggling, he manages to get a view of Dean’s living room from an unfamiliar angle: the floor. By the couch, which he has apparently just fallen off of, wedged nearly under the coffee table.
This chapter is
Dean goes in hot, figuring his best option is to catch Cas off guard. It doesn’t work. Cas deflects his initial blow and neatly side-steps his second to catch him low in the thighs with the flat of his boffer.
Then Cas shifts again, his wings moving under Dean’s back, and Dean pulls away. “This can’t be comfy for you.”
“You seem to be, uh —”
And by God, he could swear he can actually feel the dopamine flooding his system as he takes that first bite. The flavor is exactly as he remembered, all savory spices and fried goodness, and the noise he makes is surely obscene. He can’t bring himself to care. They are definitely the ones from Gas-N-Sip, which means they are absolutely not
“Hm?”
Some days that other person feels more real than he feels now.
He keeps watching.
When they reach the second floor, Castiel flinches preemptively, waiting for the moment when his head will collide with the sloped ceiling. But it never comes. Dean leads him over the plush carpet toward the far end of the single room that takes up the entire attic, barring crawlspaces.
“Pretty much, yeah.”
“Claire needed someone to talk to. That someone is me.”
“That’s crap. And I’m not gonna do that to you.”
The stocky man in boxers and a red silk kimono slams the door. Dean and Charlie both stand in place, sharing a look of bewilderment.
Something cool pokes Dean in the hip. He opens his eyes—wow, colors, was the sky always that blue?—to find Cas nudging him with a bottle of water.
"Are you kidding? Everybody loves Star Wars."
“Wait,” Donna says. “Take me off speaker, I wanna talk to Dean real quick.”
Cas is fully dressed in a dark suit when Dean wanders into the kitchen, though his tie is loose around his neck and the top two buttons of his shirt are undone. Dean yanks his eyes up. “Morning.”
He can breathe again, but he misses the heat of Dean’s skin immediately.
Plenty of time to play with that another day, Castiel thinks.
But the damage has been done.
“Suzie?”
“Is he in the mob?” Dean asks all at once. “Or on the run from them, or something?”
The conversation lulls. Castiel can’t stop looking at the drawing. It pulls him in, rich in its color and enticing with its geometry, a mix of organized and organic. “I don’t know what your client had in mind, of course,” he says, “but I would be proud to wear something of this quality.”
“And that guy was there, and you weren’t, and I got worried.”
Instead, he allows himself a satisfied smile in the golden, sun-washed cafe, then gets back to work.
Cas deflates.
Cas takes a long look at him, and there’s no pity there. Just empathy. Softness that makes Dean squirm in his seat.
It’s a good kiss, open-mouthed and messy. Dean can only stand so much of watching their tongues slip from one to the other before he goes a little light-headed.
Castiel cocks his head. “Where’s it going to be?” he asks.
Yeah. There’s no way Castiel will survive this.
“Yeah.”
“There’s more if you want.”
“I prefer clarity,” Cas says, pulse doing double-time.
When Sam presents as alpha, Dean goes out to the car in the driving rain to avoid the stink. The rear door doesn’t quite open at the right angle, and the back seat is dusty and smells a little like mildew, but it’s the same leather he’s always known. He lies there for most of an afternoon, listening to the rain drumming on the roof.
The relief that floods through Dean’s body—he feels his knees dip.
“Not this again,” Dean sighs without thinking.
“You okay?” he asks eventually.
It feels like a slap. “Who is this guy, anyway?”
And it’s fine. It’s really, really fine. “It’s okay,” he says. Dean breathes in deep through the aftershocks and pulls a pillow over his face. Cas lets him hide.
Something warm and wiggling sprouts in Dean’s belly at that, confusing and ridiculous. Cas is no slouch in this department, never has been, but—well, without that angel strength, it’s probably a good idea for him to figure out exactly how to move that body of his.
The low light from the lamp across the room glints on the curve of the bottle. Cas rubs his thumb over the reflection and tries not to remember his dream.
“Couldn’t you, uh —” Shit, Dean really doesn’t want to ask this question. Doesn’t want to put this idea into Cas’s head. “Why didn’t you just find someone at the party, if you were so hard-up?”
“Very.”
Then he's grinning the bright, hazy grin of the cross-faded. “Hello, Dean,” he says. “Happy Halloween.”
“A little variety won’t kill you,” she says as the doors open on their floor. She rifles around in her purse as they step off the elevator. “Here—take a card just in case.” By the time Castiel realizes he’s reaching for the card, it’s too late to politely refuse. So he makes a half-hearted salute with it, tucks it in his trouser pocket, and escapes.
Alistair takes a big sniff. “That what they’re calling it these days?”
Cas nods, a blush stain on his cheeks, looking down again.
A knock on his office door stops his train of thought, and he’s grateful for it. “Hey,” comes a voice, only vaguely familiar, and he looks up into a young, earnest face flanked by too-long dark-brown hair. “I mean, uh, good morning, Mr. Smith.”
get closer. Between one blink and the next, Dean is almost within reach, Castiel’s feet shuffling him forward on instinct. He wants to sip that scent from the source, wants to fill himself up with it, get drunk on it.
The crowd of their fellow students thins out around them as they put pavement under their feet. Dean’s house isn’t far, easy walking distance down tree-lined streets, cracked sidewalks and lawns in various states of overgrowth. Castiel has walked this way with Dean hundreds of times; he knows which lawns he can safely blow dandelion seeds into.
“Pardon?” Dean finds himself moving toward the other end of the sofa anyway.
“Shoulda just done the deed myself instead of taking you to that—that—” Dean’s thought process short-circuits when Cas’s hand lands over the bulge in his jeans. “Shit.”
Something tells me that ship has sailed, bucko
Slowly, incrementally, Castiel lets the desperate swiveling of Dean's hips encompass the growing swell of his knot. When it slips into place, they both shiver and swear. He lets Dean’s legs down from their bent-wide position and wraps them around his waist instead. He can’t get as deep, but he can feel more of Dean’s body, his arms, his chest, his cock rubbing between their bellies, against the smooth friction of Castiel's dress shirt. Dean drops a hand to cup loosely around himself, and Cas brings one of his to join it in a rhythm that’s seared into their blood. Dean tosses his head back as his entire body wrings tighter, tighter, squeezing and then
Cas keens, high and wordless, then opens his mouth against Dean’s scentspot, pressing the rows of his teeth into the tender skin of Dean’s throat. Cas quivers against him like a finger poised on a hairpin trigger. But he doesn’t sink his teeth in. As much as an alpha in rut is capable, he hesitates.
Dean considers, but it’s a little late for caffeine. He’s about to decline, say he just stopped in for a chat, when something in the pastry case catches his eye.
“No kidding,” Castiel grunts.
Cas doesn’t even look up from his sun salutation; doesn’t even open his eyes, really. Just breathes very slowly and deliberately through the poses. Dean is not much of a beer drinker, but it’s an excuse to step away to collect himself, so he takes it.
Oh god, why is he thinking about Cas’s dick?
They’re back. They’re all back. Everyone Chuck took—Donna, Eileen, Stevie, Bobby, the other hunters.
Cas raises a challenging eyebrow at him. “Do you have any idea how kinky nerd girls are, Dean?”
It’s been bad enough sharing air with Dean while wheeling things up and down the ramp, but in the closeness of the truck’s interior—it’s concentrated sweetness, all clean alpha sweat and honey. Castiel’s head swims and he sags against the truck’s interior wall, vision going a bit blurry like a bad head rush. His cock pulses and his hole clenches, wet and wanting at the sudden smack of pheromones.
“Yeah, that one, and shouldn’t you be there, too?”
“‘Kay, you’re still acting like you’re a human pile driver,” Dean says, looming over Castiel and haloed by the old Edison-style bulbs. “You’re not. You’re just a guy. So, come at me again.”
Dean grins and waggle his eyebrows. “Eh?” He watches Cas glance wide-eyed back and forth between Dean and the Impala.
Or the one that had made Dean crawl out from under the Impala to gawk at him? (
Dean stares him down; Castiel holds his gaze like few people dare to do, all stubborn ferocity. Dean honestly can’t tell if his eyes are starting to glow again or if they’re really just that blue.
With a strangled sound, Cas’s mouth opens against Dean’s skin, and he pushes their bodies flush together. Dean feels all of him. From flat, firm stomach to muscled thighs and the hot, hard line of his cock in between. The arm that braced across Dean’s shoulders comes down to join Cas’s other hand around Dean’s waist, tracing the lines of his chest, the softness of his belly, and down to palm over the rise in Dean’s trousers.
Not that he’d ever pressure Cas into anything he doesn’t want. He’d seemed jumpy about the idea, but not like he’d never thought about it before. If Cas wants anything, Dean’ll be here for him and just hope he’s the one Cas wants for it.
“Hold still.”
“That depends,” Cas says, leaning on the broadside of the smooth, waxed wood table edge. “How gullible are you?”
“You’re not in heat. Do you still—?”
Dean grins, because that is in fact almost enough to be reassuring.
“So,” he starts, frowning down at the absolutely-nothing-of-interest on his computer screen. “How is this whole humanity gig treating you? Besides the Debbie Does Dallas routine.”
, one eyebrow arched in distinct unamusement.
“‘Kay,” he says, feeling a smile tug on his cheeks. He forces himself to look Cas in the eye, suddenly bashful at the closeness he, personally, forced upon them. He examines Cas’s face—god, his eyes are so blue, which at least gives him a starting point. He lets himself stare for probably longer than he should, selfishly grateful for the opportunity to just look at him from this narrow distance.
” Dean hums, for the sake of his sanity. His eyes have adjusted to the gloom, just enough that the waxing gibbous moon through the trees casts strange silvery shadows at the heart of his vision.
After a while, he steers them toward a more sedate scenic highway. The pines and firs and broad-leaved maples close in around them, dappling the sunshine into pools of gold and green. Through the tree trunks, Dean can see the Columbia River winding between red-rock hills dotted with evergreens and scrub.
Cas pulls his fingers out and digs around in his bedside table drawer for a condom. After watching Cas fumble with it for a moment with lube-slick, shaking fingers, Dean takes it from him, tears open the packet, and slides it on Cas himself. It seats securely behind his knot, and then Cas is on him, pushing his legs back and open, lining himself up, pushing inside slowly. So slowly. Dean inhales deep while Cas drives in, in, in, stopping to scoot forward and add more lube, letting Dean adjust to the stretch.
He leaves the room before Cas can even consider whether or not to follow, so he finishes his breakfast in slow nibbles in deference to his tender stomach, then throws his own paper at the trash can. He misses.
“Do you underestimate me that badly, Mr. Smith?”
Cas hates conversations that start like that.
He’s outside Cas’s door, and he really didn’t think this part through.
A careful half-step away from Cas, Dean starts to laugh.
Castiel freezes in the act of stacking the tins on the counter. “Is it too much?” he asks.
“What?”
“Yeah, but like—how’d you get there?”
Eloise is in the kitchen meowing plaintively for her breakfast, which Dean gives her in accordance with the detailed instructions under a butterfly magnet on the fridge. Once they hear the rattling of the dish, Thomas and the elusive Roscoe come out of the woodwork and make beelines for their food bowls, which Dean dutifully fills.
“Jesus,” Dean mutters, then stomps to the kitchen. “Don’t move,” he says, in a tone that does not allow for argument. There’s a casserole dish in the fridge, and very few ailments that Mary Winchester’s macaroni and cheese won’t fix.
Just a few godforsaken words, that was all he’d needed to say, and he’d fucked that up too.
Once they’ve settled the couch into some kind of reasonable position, Castiel hears Dean’s boots clomping closer. Watches them cross the floor toward him. “Hey,” Dean says, all gentleness. “You wanna sit somewhere more comfy than a wooden bench?”
“I don’t care what Mother thinks.”
“Psilocybin, mostly.”
Dean stares down at the hand on his arm, wary question all over his brow.
After the softness of ‘Cas,’ his full name sounds strange coming off Dean’s tongue. “Yes?”
“Yes, I was.” He pauses, watching Dean’s face, watching him absorb what Cas is saying. “I meant what I said last night, Dean. I like you. It doesn’t have to be any more complicated than that.” It will be, Cas knows from experience. But it’s always nice to pretend at first.
A familiar head of blonde hair, flannel shirt, and ripped jeans appears in the doorway. Dean’s blood runs cold. Claire steps over the threshold, and Dean finds himself knocked backward by Cas’s solid weight barreling past him.
Doesn’t change the fact that I have a test.
“Sure,” Dean says before he thinks twice about it. Castiel settles into the sofa, and Dean has no polite way to escape the fresh wave of sweet cedar and herbal-spice. It’s maddening. He sucks in air and tries not to be too obvious about holding it.
“Is this gonna be a chick flick moment?” Dean asks. Cas pinches his thigh, and not gently. “Ow.”
Cas nods. “Why not?”
shoulder.”
Dean catches Sam’s eye where he’s leaning against the door, pointedly not getting involved. “He’s right,” Sam says. “Whatever we’re gonna do, we should do it soon.”
Her eyes slide to Dean and give him a measuring once-over. “Could your lovely Meg not make it? I did like seeing the two of you together.”
He can’t say it. Not to Sam. Not yet.
“It was my fault, and it was her decision. But. After she left, I spiraled. The next few years are… blurry.”
Dean makes a dismissive noise at Sam’s bluster. “Whatever. Doesn’t matter how tall you get, squirt; you’re still my little brother.” To prove his point, and maybe in hopes of a sibling tussle to relieve some tension, Dean lunges with one arm to get Sam into a headlock.
Cas takes a deep breath and squeezes Dean tighter around the middle. “Don’t be. I’m glad you know now.”
and his assembled guests are starting to pull themselves out of the couch or off the floor and gather up their belongings.
Dean almost says. The words are right there on his lips, but he swallows them. Too soon. “Right,” he says instead.
“And then we are going to go downstairs and take care of my god-damned heat.” The kitten has grown into a tiger, roaring at the center of him, pounding the drum, demanding.
No, what the fuck. Must be more tired than he thought.
A shiver runs down Dean’s back at the low drop of Cas’s voice, down into the well of desire, but he pushes back, determined. “You gotta give me somethin’, man,” he says, and leans away so he can see Cas’s face again.
“You are what you eat.”
“I’m glad we found each other.”
Two shapes.
“Dude. If you’re a mess, then so is everybody. It’s okay.”
Did you think that was in name only? Your spell will work on Zachariah, and with my fire, he will be gone forever. I will not.”
“It’s nothing. I’m just. Kind of a shitty alpha, that’s all.”
Cas’s eyes drop down. That flush comes back to his cheeks and ears, and his own mouth drops open just a fraction, just enough that Dean can see the wet shine on the inside. It beckons, the yearning clawing at Dean again to just swoop in and—
“Any sign of him?” Dean asks in lieu of acknowledging his statement.
Castiel swallows, then downs the last of his Manhattan. “Okay,” he says.
“No oral,” Cas says a few days later while he’s loading the dishwasher.
, against Dean’s body, he lets out a moan that comes all the way up from his stomach. It’s shocking, just how sensitive he is. Dean is almost shy, cock fattening fast, jutting from the crook of his tucked-up legs, and Castiel needs it, a sudden, throat-clenching urgency. “Let me see,” he demands, pushing Dean back and down on the bed again, straddling his knees. “Let me see.”
Her smile is all brightness when she turns back around with the drinks. “No kidding! Well then, I best introduce myself for real." She thrusts a hand at him. It's a firm grip. "Name's Donna. The antsy fella is Castiel; he owns the place."
“Dean —” Cas groans, fumbling for the ties of Dean’s trousers, but curling his hands into fists before he gets them open. “Tell me. Please. I need to hear you say —”
“What? No!” Dean’s face is guileless, wide-eyed and pinch-browed and — “I just — why’d you come
Dean blinks. “Huh?”
With a huge sigh, Castiel opens his eyes, rolls onto his side and looks down his chest and stomach toward his balls and mostly hard cock, pushed up by the clench of his thighs. Then over at the men on the laptop screen and the mostly forgotten video he’d started watching, two men grunting and thrusting in a shower stall.
When he turns back, Cas is watching them with a soft little grin. He shakes it off too quickly. “Well. Uh. What can I get you?”
Cas catches his eye, then, and Dean hopes the flush he can see in his cheeks isn’t just from the beer. He doesn’t think it is.
“Hi!” Anna’s voice echoes from down the hall. “Oh, right, you wanted your baking pan back, didn’t you?”
“You —” Cas starts, then swallows. “I’ve been wanting to see you for so long.” Cas drags his hands down Dean’s flanks, his hips, his thighs. “You’re so beautiful.” Then he bends his head to press a kiss to Dean’s chest, on the flat hollow of his sternum, and Dean wraps his arms around Cas’s head and shoulders to hold him there for a second while the feeling overwhelms him.
Cas blinks up at him, wide-eyed, mouth still fishing forward but with dawning horror.
Dean takes a second look at Sam, then rubs at the soulbrand at the back of his neck. The stupid thing has been itching on and off all day, but he’s had more important things to worry about. Like the tight fear around Sam’s eyes, the thready nervousness in his scent. Maybe Sam’s ready for the Trials, and maybe he’s not, but either way, his time has come. Dean tries to think back to his first Trial six years ago, tries to remember if there was anything that made him feel less like he’d swallowed a beehive.
“But —”
Cas nods. “Male masturbation videos proved to be the most instructional.”
“Cas, I’m—” Dean stops halfway through apologizing, and Cas is grateful for it. “Wait, does that mean you—”
“Bullshit.” This time, Dean doesn’t even try to stop the reflex. “That’s bullshit, Cas. You don’t owe him anything.”
He feels more than sees when Cas slides closer. He also feels Cas’s fingers under his tear-damp chin, cupping his jaw and bringing his face up. When he meets Cas’s eyes, he finds a look of such open empathy and care that he can’t help but laugh a little, embarrassed to be seen so clearly.
“Wanna undress me, Cas?”
“I need to go to the bathroom. And then I need my pills. And then I’ll need to get on the bed.”
But Cas?
Sam looked sceptical as fuck as he watched Dean drove away.
Dean threw the juice aside, and immediately went for the keys.
And so Dean nodded, and pretended like this wasn’t killing him, and before he knew it, it was time to bring Cas home.
“Nothing,” Sam replied. He didn’t sit besides Dean, like he would’ve expected, but stood silently at his side, staring at the door with him.
“Oh.”
He brought a few bottles to his room, and, trying not to think about how Cas was only one wall over, he promptly drank himself into a stupor.
Dean smiled at him.
Sam brought him news in bits and pieces in the following days.
Dean nodded and grunted, but deep down he was harbouring a resentment he didn’t have the words for. Cas was human again. How come every time Cas was human, he was barred from helping? Was this some sort of cosmic fuck off? But Chuck couldn’t hurt them anymore, now, could he? So why was it that life had to constantly kick him in the balls like this?
Dean blinked, and it took a second for the message to sink in.
“Hospital,” he grunted at Sam, hoisting Cas as delicately as he could over his shoulders, and then thinking better of it. He carried him, bridal style, to the backseat of the Impala. He tossed his keys to Sam and, without a word, they both did what they needed to do. Sam drove them like a madman to the nearest hospital. Dean sat in the backseat, cradling Cas’ head and wishing, not for the first time in his life, that he had someone,
His main concern was his leg. He couldn’t have walked a long way, not with his muscle tone so compromised, and if he wasn’t in a hotel, a room or a shelter, where the hell could he have gone?
“I’d love to, Dean.”
“You take care, you hear me?” he grunted in the crook of Jack’s neck.
Sam took a deep breath then, as if steeling himself. Dean stopped drinking the juice, suddenly alert.
was the one who had too see you
“Nope, still feels good,” Jack chuckled, returning the embrace. When they separated, Dean strangely felt like a parent sending his kid off to college. Technically, he was an adult and more than capable of fending for himself, but on a more sentimental level, Dean still wanted to fold his laundry and scold him if he didn’t eat his greens.
“I will. You too.” They separated and stared at each other for a moment. Dean was oddly reassured by the fact that, despite the immense amounts of power raging inside him, deep down Jack was still just a sweet kid. It would come in handy with his job, his innocence. “And Dean,” Jack added, his face suddenly serious. “Remember. No one – and I mean no one – deserves this more than you do.”
Certain things never changed.
Benji smiles like this is the funniest thing he’s heard all night. He spreads his hands to indicate the depressing clubhouse behind them. “I don’t think anybody coming here is too acquainted with easy solutions. This is the school of hard knocks.”
“Naomi, I’m sorry to interrupt. I wondered if I could examine a slipcase that was removed from our copy of
About a year ago, Dean woke up in the driver seat of the Impala, parked in the middle of train tracks, with no idea how he got there. He remembered going out for a drink, but the rest was a blur. In the footwell of the passenger seat he found an empty fifth of Tullamore Dew. He told Sam later that he slept it off in the car rather than drive home, but the truth—that he’d driven Baby that fucking blasted that he can’t even remember, that he could have died if a train had decided to roll through that part of nowhere Kansas on that particular night—it burned in him. There are very few people Dean trusts in the world, but before that moment he’d always thought he could at least trust himself.
Charlie would probably disown Dean for this, but he blurts out “Are you gay?” at a slightly too loud volume. Benji gives him a look.
He says the last bit teasingly, with a smile, and Dean smiles back. A little half smile that doesn’t reach his eyes.
“I just… you ever think about Kevin?”
“You been paying attention at these meetings? That’s not the first step.”
“Were you able to track down her sale catalog? Presuming her collection was sold.” Almost involuntarily, Castiel begins to list in his mind the sources he would consult to find out more about this woman. The fact that she was a peer should be helpful.
There are some booksellers' codes in pencil in the gutter at the rear of the book, but Castiel doesn’t recognize them. He makes yet another note to write to Balthazar at Quaritch to see if he’s familiar with any of them. He searches available auction records, but none of the sales of
“Cas, you got some kinda mind. I hadn’t even thought of that.” Dean grabs the light wand and shines it through the paper, revealing a watermark that matches the pentagram design on the other leaf. “Why do you think your copy is different?”
“I’m unfamiliar with this alphabet,” Castiel says. “I’m sorry Dean.”
Dean shakes his head. “You don’t really think that. They went to a lot of trouble to make it look like these pages are original.”
“Are you supposed to laugh at me this much, man,” Dean says, when Benji’s throaty chuckle dies down. “I thought sponsors were supposed to be, you know, supportive.”
“Why don’t you just talk to him. You don’t have to tell him you’re going to meetings, or that you’re getting sober. But have a conversation that isn’t surface level. Talk about something difficult. See how it goes. Think of it as a dry-run for when you have the sobriety conversation.”
“I quit, Cas. I quit drinking.”
Dean tries not to look surprised, but as always Cas sees through him. He smiles. “You seem like you were expecting a different answer.”
“As much as I want to unpack that entire statement, I have to ask again. Are you paying attention in the meetings? There’s a giant wall mural with all the steps on it right when you walk in.”
Later, when he is back in his office, Castiel checks the catalog record for
Dean laughs, genuinely in spite of himself.
Dean winces. “Yeah, sorry about that. I’d offer to turn myself in on your behalf but… yeah maybe you should consider a career change?”
Benji laughs, delighted. “That’s awesome. It’s good to open those channels. You and your brother seem close. You need that.”
Cleaning up the bunker library is equal parts elation and frustration. On the one hand, the collections are fascinating and Castiel has the absolute pleasure of discovering a pristine copy of
“Horns?” For some reason, this snaps Dean to attention. “Is there any way I can get a better look at it?”
“Look, we’re all here now, we might as well make the best of the situation,” Dean says. “Here’s the deal: our uncle Bobby died a while back and Sam and I have been making our way through his old case notes. We found a note saying to look into to
“Hey, my name’s Dean. I got twenty four hours clean—I know the saying is clean and serene but man, I gotta tell you, there ain’t anything serene in my mind. It’s all a tangle.” He looks down at his hands in his lap. If he makes eye contact with anyone he knows he won’t finish.
“Which part?”
“Exactly. Wrote to them and got them to scan it for me and I’ve been working with that to try to track down what happened to the rest of her books.”
Dean looks at him strangely, as though he’s said something bizarre instead of a clear fact easily assessed from a casual glance at his morning’s work.
Dean rubs the back of his neck and smiles a little. He was afraid Benji would call him out on keeping his sobriety a secret but of course he didn’t. He doesn’t really know how to characterize his conversation with Sam. It’s not like it went well, but it didn’t blow up on him either. After he got done hanging with Cas, Cas drove him to the back bunker and he made dinner and Sam ate with him and they talked about the grimoire and Sam seemed fine. Like Dean hadn’t pissed him off and sent him running from the car. Like they’d really resolved something instead of just picking at scabs.
Dean considers this. He hates it because it makes him seem pathetic and needy, but Sam’s right that he’s always been the more independent of the two of them. Dean’s always admired that about him. Maybe it’s weird to look up to your younger brother, but he does.
And he invites Dean over on nights like tonight. They watch movies and don’t talk much and Dean tries to keep at least a half a foot of distance between them because he honestly doesn’t know what he’d do if they touched. Probably something he’d regret. Something that would make him need a drink. And he already feels like he needs a drink. Benji’s deadline is three days away and he hasn’t made it twenty four hours yet. He has one more day before that means he will have failed.
“I may not know how that leaf was printed, Dean, but I hardly see that as evidence that a 150 year old demon bibliophile planted it there. Besides, the University acquired the book in 1938. I looked it up when you first arrived. That’s also too early for photopolymer plates.”
Dean makes a face, even though he’s done the exact same thing countless times. “Everyone does do that. Everyone celebrates with a drink, that’s not like a red flag.”
“So what you’re saying is that the way dad screwed me up has made me a mess and the way he screwed you up made you stronger? Fuck, Sam. That’s… that makes me feel shitty.”
“Will I see you tomorrow?” Castiel hopes he sounds casual, and not like someone who spent the last month dodging sympathetic looks from coworkers every time he walked into the library.
“I’ve been reading the Big Book, but I feel like I’m not getting it,” he says, changing the subject.
“I don’t understand one thing,” Castiel says.
Cas tilts his head to the side, the way he does when he’s really considering something. He’s loosened up since getting his own place, investing in a wardrobe of clothes clearly patterned on Dean and Sam’s utilitarian hunter style. He doesn’t wear much flannel, but favors worn-in jeans and plain tee shirts, the kind that come in multipacks from Walmart, and a sturdy but nondescript Carhartt jacket. At moments like this it’s almost like Dean dressed him. Or like he’s wearing Dean’s clothes, right from out of his dresser. It makes him feel something, something warm, to know that he’s changed Cas in this way, relaxed something in him and enmeshed him so entirely in his life.
Dean orders a pecan waffle, because why not, while Benji gets a patty melt plate with hash browns. Perversely, Dean’s pleased because it’s ten o’clock at night and if Sam were here he’d make that judgmental face he always makes at diner food. Clearly Benji is a man after his own heart, clogged arteries and all.
It’s hard not to bristle at that; it skirts too close to acknowledging his drinking problem.
“I hate to break it to you, Cas, but your security system ain’t exactly Fort Knox. I swiped a student’s keys off a cart the second day I was there. The alarms to your stacks aren’t even networked, they’re just local alarms, and no one watches your security cameras. And I heard you complaining the very first day to your coworker about how your purchase request for motion sensors was denied by University administration.”
Castiel turns his head, and Dean’s face seems awfully close. “We open at nine.”
“He’s somebody I shoulda done better by,” Dean says. “I really failed him. He was relying on us and we just. Couldn’t protect him. Couldn’t protect his mom. Couldn’t stop all this.” Dean gestures around them as if to say ‘our life’ even though they’re in a totally nondescript parking lot outside of a strip mall containing a headshop and a medical scrubs outlet and nothing remotely supernatural in sight.
“Was?”
“There is no try, only do,” Benji says, eyes twinkling. “If I’m your sponsor you gotta work the steps. No more after meeting bar binges.”
comes on next and he cranks the volume.
Sam doesn’t say anything, and the silence grows between them again. It’s so frustrating, Dean wants to punch the dashboard just to release some of the energy building up inside him. He’s thinking about drinking again, about how it’s easier to weather these silences between them with that slight buzz humming under his skin. He doesn’t want to think about drinking.
“It’s all of our first real Christmas,” Cas replies, pinching Dean’s cheek, making her puller her head away
“He’s doing good,” she answers, “He’s a better shot now, but he still needs work on his hand-to-hand and knife skills. He’s doing well with lore though, he likes reading. And he doesn’t write his ‘K’s backwards anymore.”
Cas smiles back at her and she bends down to meet her lips. They kiss sweetly and gently, and they linger there for probably too long, but neither of them care.
Dean loves asking about his lessons. She loves seeing him light up when he talks about his favorite subjects, the things he’s learned. She loves how excited he gets when she tosses Baby’s keys to him, and the way he scrambles into the driver’s seat. She loves the way he leans into her when she kisses his forehead, and the way he curls into her side when he’s tired. She loves him. Loves him like he was her own.
“Jack’s probably driving Sam crazy.”
Dean chuckles, and reaches up to tuck a piece of hair back behind Cas’s ear. “All right, well, go put your pajamas on and we’ll head out.”
“Merry Christmas, Cas.”
Dean grins. “He deserves it. He’s a kid. And it’s his first real Christmas.”
Dean is distracted from her thoughts when Cas rolls over, and she jolts when her hand slaps over her eyes. She lets out a surprised snort.
Cas nods. “He does have very little patience.”
Once Cas is dressed, she crawls back onto the bed and hovers over Dean, gently touching her face. The two of them look at each other for a while, just taking in their appearances. Cas is counting the freckles across Dean’s cheeks -- she can tell just by the way her eyes dart back and forth -- and Dean is looking at the subtle crowsfeet beside Cas’s eyes, wondering what she’ll look like as she gets older, how she’ll look with grey hairs at her temples. She smiles gently, thinking about the two of them in ten years, all creaky and grumpy, but happy.
Dean wakes gently. Her eyes open slowly and she stares up at the ceiling for a moment, her eyebrows pinching. She turns her head to the right first, looking at the back of Cas’s sleeping head for a moment, then to the left to look at her phone where it’s plugged in on the nightstand. She grabs it and unplugs it, then wakes the screen to check the time and see why her alarm didn’t go off. The date catches her eye before she’s even unlocked her phone.
“The language of the angels. According to the text on this page, anyway.” Dean starts to hand him a page of his notes, presumably including the passage identifying the alphabet, but before Castiel can look it over, Meg calls his name at the reference desk.
that he finds are consistent with this copy. He looks again at the pen facsimile frontispiece and admires the workmanship that went into it.
“Yeah, it’s the coat of arms—it’s been changed to a different one.”
. They always bring their graduate students in for a research methodology workshop in the spring. Castiel will see him then. If not before.
Castiel frowns. “No, Dean—I think you were the one asking me to rub one out.”
“Hey man, if I don’t need the gloves, why do you have a big box of them at the front?”
“May I help you?” Castiel asks, peering over to look at Dean’s desk. It’s scattered with a handful of watermark rubbings, alongside a stack of surprisingly neat handwritten notes about the book on the loose leaf paper from the stack provided at the front desk.
“No, no, you can reshelve it. I’m done.”
It probably contains no new information, but it’s likely that it was a collector’s box, given that it was retained instead of being discarded. Castiel makes his way up to the conservation lab, where he finds Naomi in the middle of disbinding a copy of
“Ok, yeah, I get you. I guess I’ll wait here.” Castiel resumes opening the door, but Dean’s hand on his arm stops him again. “Hey, man—what’s your name? I can’t keep calling you hot librarian in my head. Not if we’re gonna be research pals.”
Sam’s hand is hovering above the keys in the ignition, and he finishes turning the car off before letting them go and turning to face Dean.
Cas has a bad habit of letting his phone die and not recharging it for days at a time. It’s annoying. He’ll be right in the middle of a text conversation and just suddenly disappear. The first few times it happened Dean thought it was deliberate, that Cas was upset with him. Later he figured out it’s just Cas being Cas. Too in the clouds to remember basic shit about being human.
Castiel doesn’t know what to say to this so he falls back on what he knows.
“You really think we could have figured all this out from photocopies, Cas?”
“I could go with you,” is what Dean says.
They huddle together over the book, and Castiel passes the light underneath the page, illuminating a faint pattern in the center of the leaf. Dean smells very good up close. Sweet, like clove cigarettes.
“Cuts?”
“Yeah Kevin Tran. AP, prophet of the Lord, about yay high and bitter as hell.”
“In my experience, the only person you can stay sober for is yourself, and even then,” she waggles her hand. “There’s no guarantees. We make amends for the harms we caused while drinking, but they don’t have to forgive you.”
“Dean, what I remember from that trip is that you parked the Impala in the sand because you’d never seen sand before and you didn’t know the car would get stuck, and dad spent the next month berating you every chance he could for being useless. He actually called you useless and told you if you didn’t start acting like a member of the family and pulling your weight, he’d leave you behind.”
Dean waves his hand dismissively, “Sure but what’s it supposed to be? This looks like a drawing by a drunk fourth grader.”
“I have two daughters who are five years apart,” Diane is saying. “My older daughter resents me for being an alcoholic, because she remembers me when I was using. No food for dinner because I forgot to go to the store. She’d miss school because I was too drunk to drive her in the morning. I look back at her elementary school pictures and all I see is my mistakes: her unbrushed hair, her mismatched clothes. I was so convinced I was above it all I didn’t see how I had fallen into the same spiral that my dad fell into.”
“What can I say, I’m Dean and I’m an alcoholic.” He says this jokingly, easily. It’s easy because it’s a script and because he might never see this guy again, but he doesn’t feel much connection to the word. It doesn’t describe him, not really. He’s got a problem, sure, but he’s got a handle on it.
“Hey man, you got a light?” Dean flinches at a light touch, two fingers, at his elbow, spins to find a guy he’s pretty sure he’s seen at a few meetings. He’s on the shorter side, a stocky build like he works construction. His clothes are comfortable and worn in, down to a pair of well cared for work boots. He’s about Dean’s age, maybe a few years older. Dean’s never been a smoker, but he’s had that Boy-Scout-be-prepared ethic beat into him from his father so he wordlessly pulls out a lighter and hands it over.
“Clearly you’ve never heard of tough love,” he replies.
“I don’t know man—you got any references? I don’t want a sponsor with a bad track record,” Dean jokes.
“I don’t have to go,” Castiel says. “You seem to have a lot of room here and… a lot of books too.”
He wants a drink. It’s been about ten days since he picked up his 24 hour chip and every day that he adds to the total it gets harder not to feel like he’s proved himself and he can have a drink since he’s clearly not an alcoholic if he can go so many days without drinking. He talked to Al about it at the last meeting. She says that’s why it’s easier to relapse when you’re doing well--you start to think you’re ok but it’s just your drunk brain trying to pull one over on you. Dean’s definitely convinced himself of stupider shit to justify some dumbass choice.
“I’m going to talk to him,” he promised Sam. “He’ll change his mind.”
It was his heaven. Discovering Castiel inch by inch, mole by mole, angle by angle, curve by curve.
“Yes?” Cas stammered.
Only a few days, and endless research, endless worrying, and here he was. Sitting on the bed, human, tousled from his shower, holding a glass like he didn’t quite understand what he was supposed to do with it.
Dean considered it. Jack was… all-knowing, now, right? Maybe he had to trust him.
Dean sharply turned his head upward. He had expected reassurance, fake promises, optimism, he hadn’t expected… contempt?
It was as he saw Cas being wheeled out of the hospital, his back pressed against the Impala, that he made the decision.
“Yeah, well,” Dean rasped. “I’m trying to remedy that.”
“Thank you,” he muttered, lowering Cas down on the pillows and helping him prop his leg up. “It’s… it’s good to have you back, Cas.”
“Oh,” he blurted stupidly, immediately down on his knees, hands flying to Cas’ sweatpants. Cas hung his head low, his cheeks flushed, and ignored Dean as he brought his pants and boxers down, to his ankles, moving him around to accommodate the new position every now and then. Dean didn’t let his eyes stray for a single second, fixing them instead on the floor, and then immediately shot back to his feet.
“Yes,” he replied, his voice even more gravelly than usual.
“It just clicked after that. It was so obvious to me, that I couldn’t believe it when I found out you two weren’t actually together.”
Dean let out a breath and closed his eyes. He hoisted Cas back in his chair and wheeled him to bed, where the pills were waiting.
Then, the barest traces of a smile appeared on his face, leaving his eyes unaffected, still scared, still ready to run, but with a dash of hopefulness Dean welcomed with every iota of his being.
“Dean,” Cas interrupted him. Dean turned to look at him, and saw that he was in pain.
Cas had yet to utter a word since his greeting to Dean.
Cas pursed his lips and looked away.
, he often had to remind himself. Later.
Not that there was any easy way out of this, anyway.
“So… when you told me you loved me, and then died, leaving me with the aftermath… I thought to myself, that’s it. You’ve officially ruined him. Destroyed him. To the point that he died
, Dean thought furiously, his prayer aimed at nobody in particular. Just, life.
. So, Sam knew. Sam knew how Cas died. How that moment of true happiness had finally been at his reach.
Cas nodded, frowning slightly. Dean knew that it must have sounded strange, from his point of view. Cas knew Dean loved his brother, but he had missed those first few years of unhealthy, insane attachment.
By now, Dean knew exactly how to lose a person. He had grown scarily efficient about it.
For the longest time, he only had his dad and Sam.
Cas’ eyes widened, and Dean knew what it meant. This wasn’t a nickname. It was straight-out flirting. At least the comment about his mouth shut him up.
“We’ll be here a while. Now we got everything we need. Food, drinks, aaaaand…”
“Sam and I… for the longest time, I only had him. Sammy. My little brother. My one thing to protect, to cherish…” Dean let his eyes grew distant, thinking back on those days when he believed fate had dealt him the loneliest of hands. “We grew co-dependant. It was unhealthy, I knew it, he knew it, we both knew it, and we both decided to ignore it, because when you only have your brother, you kind of make that one brother your number one priority.”
“But you looked so…”
Jack’s smile was blinding.
Time. Just… time.
“I know,” Jack nodded approvingly. “I’m not sure you can, but I’m glad you’re trying.”
Dean’s heart sank.
“But…”
Well, Dean internally decided. Not anymore. In Dean’s world, Castiel was supposed to do jack shit except existing. That was all he needed.
After the fourth fiasco, he started to panic.
Not an angel. Barely a human. Wounded by supernatural wounds so deep, not even God himself could fix them. Only time could, Jack explained with an apologetic tone, looking straight at Dean, as if he knew perfectly that out of all of them, he was the one hurting the most. Not Cas, almost dead, slack in his arms, covered in blood and with his limbs twisted at unnatural angles.
“I’m not blaming you, Dean,” he reassured him. “I know that… your life has not exactly left you equipped to handle a situation such as this.”
The doctor took his x-rays and determined that Cas was more than ready to have the casts taken off.
“And what the hell is that going to solve? Are you going to keep him captive forever?”
“I mean, I don’t think that’s wise. I think… you should give him a few more days. And then, I’ll come to you and tell you where to find him. Sounds good?”
And so Dean came home in Cas’ arms. That was how his story ended. Not in tragedy, as he had always suspected, not in pain, not in solitude. It ended as he stopped pretending, and finally allowed himself to have exactly what he wanted to have.
When they got to the bunker, surprisingly, Cas let Dean be the one to hoist him up and into the wheelchair, even raising his weak good arm to wrap around his shoulder and stabilise himself. Sam rose his eyebrows, remaining blissfully silent, and as Dean deposited Cas on the wheelchair, he went ahead to make sure that the doors were open and that he was there to help lift the chair every time they encountered stairs. As they locked the main door behind them, Eileen promptly appeared, signing something to Sam.
Dean pulled out the final item, although it was arguably the most important one: a bottle of whiskey.
Neither of them was going to do a damn thing about it, apparently.
That was like a bucket full of ice water.
Cas began to speak, and Dean shut him up raising both hands.
And then, just like that, he disappeared. Back to his dust, his particles, his droplets of vapour in the air. Dean didn’t know. He didn’t care.
“Don’t thank me yet, the process is a bit disgusting,” the doctor chuckled. “After all, you haven’t been able to wash those limbs for two months.”
So, he would let the elephant in the room grow a couple more sizes. After all, they had been doing this dance for over a decade.
“You act as if you’re angry at us. At me. For…” Dean cast a wary glance towards the doctor. “For asking Jack to help.”
“I’m not an angel anymore.”
How could Sam understand that Dean had tried, had wanted to talk about it, but he had never believed for a second that Cas could love him like that, and when he confessed, it had already been too late? And then he came home from the hospital, broken in body and mind, and Dean just couldn’t bear to tell him that he loved him, too, but that relationships were out of the question for him?
Sam found him hours later, sitting in front of Cas’ door, wishing to manifest him via sheer pain and regret.
Cas had been lost so many times.
“Thank you, Jack,” Sam whispered, his eyes earnest and full of tears, not quite able yet to look at the mess his friend had been turned into. Not quite able to stomach it.
“His physical therapy is going well”, Sam told him after about ten days. “He can walk without crutches, now. Getting stronger every day.”
About fifty years later, a doctor called for “Mr Winchester’s brothers?”
“Are you staying nearby?”
“One,” his brother growled, throwing a burger and a gallon of orange juice at him. “You are a moron. Two, you are a drama queen. Only you could be such a dick to make me worry about you as well as having to worry for Cas. Three, I called Eileen. The bunker is ready for us when we get back, she’s preparing a room for Cas. It’s the one next to yours, there are almost no stairs. Four…”
“Great,” Cas sighed in relief.
And it had been relatively easy, all those years, to keep a tight lid on it. Cas had entered into his life as a hurricane, crashing down a wall he didn’t know he had put up and occupying a space inside him he didn’t think could ever be filled.
Both the doctor and Dean jumped at the strange sequence of words. Cas looked like a madman, panting, staring at Dean straight in his eyes – finally – and angry, so angry.
Dean lowered his eyes, growing more and more uncomfortable by the second. He wished he could just skip this part. He wished it could be over. But he also knew that one day, he was going to be glad he did this. Because Cas desperately needed to hear it.
, Dean could hear, even though Cas didn’t explicitly state it. He hated himself for even thinking the L word, but right now there was a knife planted in his chest and he had to get out of there.
“Look at me and Eileen! Look at everything that’s happened. Chuck is gone, Dean, don’t you understand? We’re free.
“Hello, Dean.”
“Okay,” Cas sighed, the fight leaving him. He sagged in his chair and nodded.
Couldn’t he, though?
Dean nodded when he had to, and thanked her, and took the papers, and then went downstairs to pay the bill. When he returned, Cas had already been placed back on his chair, and was waiting for him with his eyes downcast. When he saw Dean, he quickly turned away and fell silent as he was wheeled back to the car.
“We got a motel room nearby,” Sam replied for him. “But when he gets discharged, we live only forty minutes away, so he’ll be able to come for his follow-ups.”
“I just can’t believe this is my life now: I’ve been talking more about feelings in the last 24 hours than in my entire life,” Dean scoffed, desperately uneasy about this conversation.
“I feel like at this point it is redundant to say that we need to talk,” Dean continued, locking the door behind him.
“You’ll always be an angel to me. Yup, you’re going to drink it, and you’re going to like it, because, guess what? It’s finally time you and I talked.”
, and two states over.
They had kept him in there for nine days, in the end. Nine days in which Dean had had to stay at the motel, be a good boy, and make preparations.
Cas knew it.
Cas nodded slowly, as if that made perfect sense to him. Dean experienced a moment of irritation.
“How long have you known?”
“You. Seeing me like this.”
His dad’s disapproval of the couple holding hands in front of a motel. Two guys.
Dean hung his head low, guilt eating away at him. Jack’s smile turned wistful.
“See, now, that’s my problem,” Dean growled, and downed half his glass of whiskey in one go. “I don’t want that. If we’re to be… something more, than I can’t have that.”
Sam always looked as if he had to swallow a whole lemon.
He clinked his glass with Cas’, sat down on the floor, and looked at Cas dead in the eyes.
Dean wanted to growl at Jack, scream, yell “Fix him!” over and over, but as he realised the pain Jack was in, looking at the broken figure of his father, he figured there truly was nothing that could be done. Not right now.
“Yeah, well, tough.” Dean opened his bag again, and took out several bags of chips, jerky, and a couple of soda cans. “Here,” he said, tossing a fair portion of it to Cas, who took whatever he could, and let the rest fall on the floor and on the bed.
Then Sam and Bobby.
Cas pursed his lips even tighter, and nodded once.
“I thought I couldn’t, either. For a million reasons.”
“Cas…” he whispered.
Dean sighed.
“I’m going to go catch some sleep,” he told Dean, clearly wary of his reaction, barely suppressing a yawn. “Call me if anything changes?”
“We both know that that’s not the only kind of life worth having. There are options now. We can keep hunting, we can go our separate ways, we can leave it all behind, but the point is, whatever we want to do, we can do it. And we don’t have to do it alone anymore.”
Sam wasted no time.
There was no corking this. There was no escaping. He could either jump into it, or lose Cas forever.
And then.
It wasn’t like relationships were a bad idea. They were
And whenever he tried to stray from that path, to carve himself a nice slice of normalcy, and happiness, destiny kicked him in the balls so hard that only a fool would ever try that shit again.
“I care for you. a lot.” Okay, getting better. “I don’t want to see you in pain.” True. “It hurts me to see you like this.” Also incredibly true. “I think nothing less of you because of it. To help you, it’s… it’s a privilege, Cas.” Okay, maybe he could still salvage this. “Please, let me. You don’t ever, ever have to be embarrassed in front of me. There is nothing you can do that would ever make me see you differently, Cas, come on.”
“I don’t think that’s necessary,” Cas muttered, playing with one of the bags of chips. “I think you’ve pretty much said anything you had to say.”
And then they burst into laughter.
How could this feel the way it felt?
Sam threw him a worried glance, then sighed and took his duffel bag away with him.
“Dude, we don’t need a nurse,” Dean growled, now beyond a little irritated. “What am I, chopped liver?”
He tried to get some sleep, to eat a few bites, to watch some TV, but food tasted like concrete, TV just irritated him and sleep eluded him.
As they laughed, and laughed, and stopped laughing only to look at the other and start all over, it was the most natural thing in the world to do to climb up on Cas’ bed and sit by his side, taking his hands in his and sliding into his place in the world. Their eyes danced as they stared at each other, and their first kiss was stupidly off-balanced, hindered by curved lips, by smiles, and it was like kissing Cas’ laughter rather than his lips. It took them a few tries, waiting for their elation to finally die down, to get it well and truly right.
“Dean, let’s cut to the chase,” Cas shot back, and his glass was empty. Dean filled it absent-mindedly. “Stop pretending that this is anything but a plot to get me back to the bunker, so that you don’t have to wallow in your ridiculous guilt. You keep saying ‘more’ as if it was something you’re capable of. I told you that night: I know what I can’t have.”
“Sam, I…”
Every day there was a new challenge. Getting Cas to help Dean bathe him. Protecting his arm and leg with a plastic bag and tape and refusing Cas’ suggestions that they get a nurse – “Really? And how do we explain the wards and the fact that we live in a pre-War bunker?” – that they call Sam or Eileen instead – “Dude, they’re a little busy reconnecting, I think” – or that Dean just leave him to his own devices to manage – “Yeah, dude, not happening”.
“No, Dean, I can’t. I’ve seen the way you looked at me the past two months. I never wanted to make you uncomfortable in any way, and uncomfortable is all you’ve been. I’ll
“I fucking love you, too, you asshole.”
Dean alternated between staring at the door the doctors had disappeared into and the wall, and promptly lost count of time. When Sam returned, he ignored him. He ignored his bladder, he ignored the oily paper package his brother threw at him, he ignored the bottle of water. He knew this was stupid. He was human, he had needs, he needed sleep, food, water. What if Cas woke up and needed him and he got himself so weak he couldn’t even stand? But the mere thought of eating sent his stomach into a frenzy. And he was terrified of going to sleep and being woken up to bad news.
His father’s hunting buddies mocking him, calling him ‘too delicate’ to be a hunter.
“Cas, listen to me.” But what could he say? He knew how to solve this, but he was too much of a fucking coward to take the high road now.
“Yeah, well, put yourself in my shoes for a moment. First, you confess your feelings to the love of your life. Then, you die. Then you come back, but with no powers, and you have to let him help you, let him see you at your absolute worst, wiping you, bathing you…”
Cas was a man.
Dean drove him to the hospital in utter silence, Cas stoically staring ahead. Except from a sigh every now and then from Dean, they remained like that until Dean put Baby in park in the Hospital’s lot.
“Physically? Yes.”
What if he was dead already? In a ditch, without a cell phone – he had left his on his bed, turned off – starving and dying of thirst and pain and…
“I think Sam is busy right now, buddy.”
He tried, really. But every attempt at conversation immediately fell short as they both understood that certain topics were off-limits. So they talked about Jack, wondering where he was. They talked about Sam and Eileen, both happy for them. They talked about all the other people that had been brought back, in a world that stubbornly and persistently continued to spin around the sun, in blissful ignorance of what had happened, of what they had to bargain to keep them all alive.
But this was Sam. How could Sam buy any of that crap when he had been looking at Dean with knowing eyes for twelve years?
Dean’s vision went blurry. He just… it didn’t make any sense. What…?
“Dean…” Cas whispered on his lips. Dean smiled.
Nothing.
Dean’s shoulders sagged. Was this what Cas was worried about?
Jack sighed, taking a step forward.
“I’m not drinking that.”
“So that is what this is all about,” Dean spat out, realisation dawning on him. “You don’t want a depressed brother bringing you down while you sail into the sunset with your new girlfriend. You’re finally free, except you’re worried that I will still try to drag you down…”
Dean swallowed empty hair.
now. And I can see it in you face, just as I could see it while I was telling you. You’re disgusted.
Sam nodded.
Cas’ eyes were steely when he replied: “Maybe I am.”
As if Dean hadn’t hurt him enough already.
That stung. Sam said “you”, not “us”. Sam clearly knew that whatever reason Cas had to do this, if was related to Dean.
That point was, Dean knew how to lose people.
“But what you did was more than that. You didn’t just… fit. You re-defined what family meant to me.”
This was him, and Cas, and the happiness he had denied himself for twelve years.
Cas sat down on the toilet wincing, and Dean was suddenly overcome with affection for this man, this human, who obviously found the whole ordeal terribly humiliating.
“Exactly. So shut that pretty mouth of yours and let me say my piece, okay?”
Cas said nothing, his eyes resolutely fixed on the ground, his cheeks flushed by the exertion, and, probably, embarrassment. Dean was getting really tired of this.
But this was Cas.
They took a motel room down the street, foolishly, wasting money, since they spent every single second in the waiting room. Only at the end of the second day, when the doctors still didn’t give them any news, did Sam temporarily give up.
“Beggars can’t be choosers,” he said scathingly one day, as he cleaned Cas’ surgical wounds with alcohol. Cas had protested for at least half an hour about that, insisting he could do it on his own, that Dean didn’t have to see him like that. Dean had obviously ignored him, getting his jumper – an old one of his, blue, and soft, and so warm – over his neck and settling to do his job.
But Dean was an ice sculpture. He couldn’t move.
“Aren’t you the one supposed to keep up the hope, Sammy?”
“Nothing, really. We cut off the cast, then usually we let a relative or a friend stay to help the patient clean up, and then we proceed with a physical examination.”
“We have given him transfusions, and we had to go to surgery to fix some of his internal bleeding, but he’s healing well. His left leg and right arm are in casts, and will have to stay that way for a couple of months. He should wake up in a day or so. If he continues to heal at this pace, we’re thinking about discharging him in a week or so.”
And then he fell like a sack of potatoes.
After Sam deposited Cas back to his room, and promised him to be the one to drive him to physical therapy in the following days, Dean decided it was a good time to finally let himself be consumed by his unhappiness.
It then occurred to Dean that he had no idea where they were. State, or city.
Cassie.
“Nothing?” Dean asked, his voice rough from the alternation between disuse and screaming into his pillow.
Lisa.
“I wanted to,” Dean rasped, his eyes clouded. Every word out of Sam’s mouth felt like a punch in the stomach. “I was going to. Then I found him gone.”
Cas’ breath was coming up faster and faster. He stared at Dean, looking for signs of deception, disbelief written all over his face. Scepticism. Suspicion.
Sam knew just how spectacularly Dean had fucked up.
Dean had put him back in the chair now. So it was the easiest thing in the world to cradle his face in his hands and force him to make eye contact with a gentle touch. Cas’ skin was burning, and it seemed like Dean’s hands on him were physically hurting him, because he shook his head free almost immediately. Dean lowered his hands, feeling so rejected his ears were ringing.
But Cas was never going to have wings again. Jack had been sure about it.
He looked at Sam.
That night, alone in bed, an arm thrown over his eyes and an empty bottle by his side, Dean finally allowed himself to cry.
Inside the room there was no Cas. Only his brother. Holding a piece of paper, crumpling it between his fingers as if the thing was offending him.
Dean could only nod as his brother took the keys and drove away, to the hospital, to see Cas.
“He could be.”
“Oh, yes you are, angel. And do you know why?”
Compartmentalize, add it to the pile of ever-present sorrow, move on. Focus on the plan.
Jack inclined his head and frowned, in that way that reminded Dean so much of Cas, and really, how were they not biologically father and son?
“Dean! Go! Now! Fuck!”
“Take care of him,” Jack answered through clenched teeth. “He’s precious to me.”
Not that it mattered to him. Doing those things.
“Dean! Stop!”
“Don’t you dare,” he snarled, pointing a finger at him. “Don’t you dare believe that for a second. I’m happy here. I’m happy to hunt. For the longest time, we’ve only had each other, and that was fine with me, but now?” He ran a shaking hand over his mouth. “Now I don’t have to. And I won’t. Just because you’re in my life, and always will be, doesn’t mean there’s no room for anyone else.”
Cas laughed without humour.
“I ain’t going anywhere, princess. It’s not like a little dirt and a bad smell can chase me away now…”
Dean touched his cheekbone and widened his eyes as his fingers came away with blood, staring at his brother as if he were a stranger. Sam was panting heavily.
“This is so humiliating.”
And they were alone.
Sam and Eileen made an appearance, every now and then, asking if there was anything they could do, but Dean often sent them away with a stern look, telling them to go and enjoy being reunited. He felt like Cas was his responsibility, true, but he also wanted his brother to be happy, for once.
For the lack of anything better to do, he ate. He drank. He went to the bathroom, and took a shower. And then he slept, and slept.
“Jack,” he called loud and clear, feeling as if he was finally doing the right thing. “Jack, we need you, buddy.” A moment of silence. “Cas needs you.”
Cas was going to heal from the wounds inflicted by the Empty, stay human, grow old, and die, and all Dean wanted was the privilege to stay and watch. As the days had stretched, back when he was still in the hospital, he had started to believe that he was going to be denied that privilege. Now, Cas’ little smile had given him a bit of hope.
Boy, had he missed him.
“I mean it in the best possible way, Dean.”
Dean nodded once, his steely gaze fixed on the dirty-grey wall in front of him. He didn’t care. Sam could do whatever he wanted. But he was staying right here.
“Don’t deny yourself happiness just out of habit, Dean,” Sam whispered, enveloping him in a bear hug. “I know in a moment you’re going to call me a bitch, or a girl, or Samantha, and run away because that’s what you do whenever feelings are involved, but just for this second,” he breathed into Dean’s hair. “Just for this second, believe me. You can be happy. You can have him. And if you don’t go get him, you’ll regret it for the rest of your life.”
“Cas, we need to… oh.”
“Dean,” Cas’ exclaimed, standing up – with some difficulty, Dean noticed – and immediately closing the robe tighter on his chest. Dean didn’t allow his eyes to linger.
And yet, every time Cas returned, and the chasm in Dean’s soul patched itself up just a bit, until the next time.
“His room is ready, let’s go,” Sam translated. Dean couldn’t stop to hug Eileen, hands full, but made a mental note to do so later. They wheeled and carried Cas all the way, until finally, they were in his room. Next to Dean’s.
He ignored the pretty nurse that came in after him, and listened with only half an ear when she returned and gave him instructions on Cas’ physical therapy, reassuring him about his state of health, and saying that the limbs were now fully functional, if a bit sore and atonic.
“I don’t know,” he mused. “Why don’t we try?”
“He’s gone? What do you mean, he’s gone?”
No, he couldn’t.
“He’s gone, Dean.”
Or, whatever. His burgers.
Cas immediately paled.
. And Dean had resigned himself to it over the years, hadn’t he? He had made his peace with it. It was just another item on a long list of things he couldn’t have.
So, he did fuck up.
He was all in.
– and say ‘I want more, it’s not enough’?”
“Cas, please, talk to me.”
Cas sighed.
He just needed to address what Cas had told him before dying.
“Yeah, yeah, I know,” Dean growled, uncaringly. It didn’t matter. None of it mattered. He was going to get Cas back. He ran out of the room, Sam hot on his heels, a plan already forming in his mind.
Dean’s chest collapsed in itself again.
This kind of pain was new.
“I don’t need help,” Cas blurted out.
Dean stopped himself before his thoughts could get even darker.
Sam laughed out loud, and it echoed it the emptiness of the bunker.
When Dean came back, he was in their motel room.
He was spiralling. This was all his fault. All because he couldn’t talk to him.
“You… can.”
because his last act had been to save you. What the fuck, Cas. How was I supposed to live with that?”
“Dean! The motel…”
“Sure, Dean. Keep telling yourself that. I said what I said thinking I was going to die. I was glad for it. But I never signed up for this. I never wanted to live in the aftermath of what I said.”
After that, he started to go door to door with a picture of Cas – the one in his phone he took by mistake, and had secretly always cherished.
He waited to see if he had struck gold. The emotions on Cas’ face were all as clear as day, and while recognising them was easy, interpreting them was another matter entirely.
“Are you too powered up for hugs now?”
He immediately threw Sam a dirty glance.
“You fell?” he panted, his arms already around him, hoisting him back up on the toilet.
“I have to go check something out,” Sam announced then, finally allowing himself to kiss his girlfriend. “Are you going to be okay?”
“I wanted to wait until you were better.”
Cas’ eyes cleared up. For a moment, nothing happened, as he looked into the green pools of repression, and denial, and saw them – for the first time since they’d known each other – open, honest. Uncovered.
“Dean, I want you to…”
“Could you please call Sam?”
Dean took a deep breath and lowered his eyes. This was the most difficult part. If he could get through to this, with minimal damage, then everything would go well.
For the first time, Dean knew how to prevent a loss. He wasn’t going to let that chance escape him.
“He’s sick, and hurt, and it’s understandable, Dean. We don’t want to overwhelm him.”
Dean’s eyes were full of tears, and he was glad they were hugging, so Sam couldn’t see his face. He cowardly hid his face even further in the folds of his brother’s shirt, but couldn’t quite hold back a sniffle.
“They can always repaint!” Dean sing-sang, looking back to throw Cas a playful glance. “I don’t… want… anything… to interrupt us,” he continued, putting up the finishing touches on the anti-Demon seal. “By the way, Jack says hi.”
The streets. The motels. The hotels, even. The homeless shelters. The churches.
“He has asked for me, but… Dean, he doesn’t want to see you.”
The days spent at the hospital blurred together.
Just because Dean was used to it, it didn’t mean it hurt any less. Every. Fucking. Time.
Sam greeted them with cake, to celebrate the casts being taken off. Dean ate it, and every mouthful felt like eating sand. Cas only pretended to eat, pushing it around in his plate, thinking no one knew what he was doing. Sam threw Dean a worried glance, but Dean shook his head minutely.
He grabbed Cas’ good arm, the one that wasn’t in the sling, and his good leg, and hoisted him up, careful not to jostle him too much. He walked to the bathroom, steady, and deposited him on the toilet, mindful of signs of pain.
He only came out of his room to get something to eat and more bourbon, ignoring Sam’s worried looks, Eileen’s disapproval, and avoiding Cas pretty much like the plague.
Every time Cas died, Dean thought “Is it ever going to hurt any less?” alongside the agonising idea that, maybe, that was the final time. Maybe no one was going to bring him back this time.
Dean didn’t hear much after “He’s going to pull through”. It was Sam who took notes – bless his nerdy heart – about multiple fractures, internal bleeding, concussion, blood loss. It was Sam to reassure the doctor about not having to call the police, and Dean missed entirely the half-assed excuse Sam had to invent to justify why their “brother” had been reduced to a carcass. The doctor seemed convinced, however, and Dean was grateful to his actual brother for his inventiveness.
It wasn’t the shout that startled him. It was Sam’s frantic expression, as if he wanted to beat Dean, to shake some sense into him.
“No, I think I can manage until I’m done,” Cas whispered, gritting his teeth again. Dean winced.
“Didn’t you?” Finally, Sam looked him in the eyes. “Jack told me.”
Defeated, and feeling like a million years old, he turned tail and returned to the bunker. The moment he opened the door, Sam greeted him like an overexcited puppy, immediately looking behind him to see if he had company. When he saw that Dean was alone, his shoulders sagged, and stomped away with a tension in his jaw.
“Oh.”
And that was what really worried Dean. The one thing his improvised skills as a nurse couldn’t help.
“How convenient,” Sam spat out. “And what exactly were you going to tell him?”
He wasn’t ready.
Sam’s voice trembled.
“What?” Cas muttered, disconcerted.
you. So let me.”
The breaking point came on a Thursday. Hah. Cas’ wounds had more or less healed, his surgical wound no more than an angry scar now, his casts almost ready to come off. In the last days, as the day of the appointment at the hospital neared, Cas had managed to grow even more impatient and hostile, always trying to do things on his own, never calling Dean for help, and straight-out refusing his aid when it came to the easiest stuff. Now he could feed himself, get dressed, even go to the toilet, as his strength came back in waves.
Dean wanted Cas back.
“I don’t know, really,” Jack replied pensively. “I guess I just… I’ve always felt like Sam was more of an Uncle, really. Not really a dad. I wondered why, and then I realized that it was because… well, in my mind, you and Cas were my fathers.”
“I’ll restrain him if I have to,” Dean growled, already imagining the scene. Cas was coming home. Period.
“I’m done, Cas. I keep telling you, you’re family. Nothing has to change.”
“It’s good to be back.”
Silence again.
Dean finished his piece and found himself short of breath. He realised he had been holding it all along. He exhaled, looking deep into the strangely distrustful blue eyes that belonged to the person who had once trusted him blindly, unerringly.
Every new inch of skin revealed was like a prize, like something in serious need of worshipping, because he could have this now.
He needed to check out. Stat.
Cas alternated between holding his breath and panting slightly, his eyes never leaving Dean’s.
“Dean, you’re my brother, and I love you, but you are a moron, a coward and a dick.”
“Go back to sleep,” her spouse replies.
For a split second, Dean’s heart clenches, but the room remains calm and she knows she isn’t dreaming. So, she pulls Cas back down for another kiss, wrapping herself around her, pressing their bodies together. They lick into each other’s mouths lazily, until Dean pulls away. “We should get up.”
“You’re thinking too loud,” Cas mumbles.
She looks back over at Cas, watching her breathe. She fingers the gold band on her left hand absently. It’s not on paper, of course, since that’s a complicated process they haven’t bothered to start yet, considering, in the eyes of the United States government, Cas isn’t a real person and Dean is dead. But they had a little ceremony back in June. Cas was breathtaking. She wore a simple white dress bought from some department store. Sam and Jack had taken her shopping, leaving Dean alone at the bunker, since it was ‘bad luck.’ But the day of, Dean learned that the anticipation was worth it. It was when she was walking towards her in her dress and bouquet of pink and white flowers, her smile bright, that Dean realized that
“I’m not going anywhere.”
“Stop it,” she laughs.
Dean grins and lifts the former angel’s hand off her face, pressing a kiss to her palm, then pulls her close. Cas nuzzles into her, tucking her head under Dean’s chin and sliding her leg in between Dean’s, tangling their feet. “Good morning,” she murmurs.
“No.” Cas reaches up to cover Dean’s eyes again, but she catches her hand before she can and holds it against her cheek instead. Cas rubs her thumb against Dean’s cheekbone absently. “What were you thinking about?” she asks.
Dean snorts, then buries her head further into Cas’s hair to try and suppress her laughter, but ultimately dissolves into giggles. Cas looks up at her, eyes twinkling with mirth. “I love you so much,” Dean tells her.
they got married, but it’s definitely gotten worse. Especially after…
Cas groans, then sighs, defeated. “We should.”
Subconsciously, Dean tightens her arms around her partner, and Cas, knowingly, cuddles closer and presses a kiss to her chest. “I’m here,” she says.
He shuffles out to the gravel parking lot, moving slow. Cas is off visiting Claire and Jody so he’s truly alone tonight. He doesn’t want to go to the bar, but at least then he won’t be drinking alone.
These days Cas is decidedly earthly, even though he does have his angel wings firmly
Benji shrugs. “It is what it is. Once an alcoholic, always an alcoholic. Staying sober—sometimes it sucks man. It’s hard work.”
“Sobriety and losing your virginity,” Benji says, then amends when he sees Dean’a puzzled face, “two things that you’re supposed to feel different after, but you just feel the same.”
“I’m glad the information was useful. Were you able to identify her?”
Sam sighs again, like Dean’s missing the point. Maybe he is. “That’s really what you remember from that trip?”
Between one moment and the next, she’s gone, along with the books.
Dean’s been hurt a thousand ways. He remembers being literally flayed alive in hell. He remembers dying. He remembers the deeper hurt of betrayal: the first time Cas lied to him. The first time Sam looked at him like he couldn’t rely on him. But it’s this hurt he carries from so long ago that still cuts the worst, straight through. Maybe because it was his father. Maybe because he was younger, vulnerable then. But he thinks he’ll never really get over that feeling of not measuring up.
“And? Man, don’t leave me hanging.”
“I’ve seen you around a few meetings, but haven’t heard you speak yet,” Benji says. “I could pretend to just be casually striking up a conversation, but the truth is that Lester and Al were going to try to pigeonhole you, and I told them I’d be better at it.”
When he notices where he’s headed, he feels that buzz of energy return. He parks and walks up the flight of stairs until he finds himself outside a familiar door. It’s late, maybe too late, but Cas has never truly gotten the hang of sleeping. He knocks and waits, until he hears shuffling from behind the door. Until the knob turns and the door swings wide and he sees blue eyes, crinkled now at the corners with age and laughter. Cas, holding a wash rag in one hand like he’d just got done washing his hands, wearing a grey tee shirt and looking so painfully normal, not unreachable or otherworldly at all. Dean feels settled, like he’s exactly where he’s supposed to be. He opens his mouth to ask if he can come in, but it’s like something possesses him. He doesn’t mean to, but he hears himself say it.
“So, chicks you’re screwing around with?”
Dean is back the next week, but he doesn’t end up speaking. Benji doesn’t either, but he does wave after the meeting is over, bums another light outside in the parking lot. They talk, the conversation easy and light, and when Benji suggests they get some coffee at the nearest all night diner, Dean finds himself accepting.
“I used to think you were the golden boy because dad actually treated you like you were in the room. He treated me like a thing, something to be talked about but never to. Like I wasn’t worth the extra breath.” Sam catches Dean’s eyes. “I really resented you for that for a long time.”
and the even greater pleasure of watching Dean blush at the Priapus plate. On the other hand, it’s clear that Dean and Sam’s use of the library resources has had a net negative effect on its organization.
Cas has always made him feel powerless. When they first met, he’d thought Cas a creature of unfathomable power. The guy could bend time and space, kill demons with a thought, practically read minds. He was maybe the one guy in the whole goddamn universe who looked at Dean and saw something worth saving, and he was definitely the only one who actually had the juice to do the saving. Cas was something else, something big—celestial big. Someone to believe in.
, “with watermark underlined. But that’s it. We don’t know what Bobby was looking for or why this book was important.”
After three months, Castiel considers sending another email to Dean, but it seems like a violation of his privacy as a library patron. Unless he had some new information. On his next lunch break, he returns early and prints a call slip for the
“I talked to Sammy.”
Dean half shakes his head, “I guess you could say that.”
“Honestly I don’t think my dad knew any other kind.” John had been all about natural consequences. Leave your bike out in the rain, lose your bike. Don’t double check the safety on your pistol before you stow it, shoot a chunk out of the muscle of your right leg. That one had hurt like a bitch and Dean’s still shocked to hell that the hospital hadn’t called CPS on them. John could be pretty charming when he needed to be.
“Hey! I brought you coffee!” Dean holds out one of the two cups, but his grin falters when Castiel doesn’t immediately take it. “You, uh, not a coffee drinker?”
“Woodcuts,” Castiel mentally castigates himself for speaking too colloquially. Although Dean is obviously unpracticed, he’s a graduate student who, judging from his notes, has a better grasp of Latin than Castiel does. “Xylographs, properly speaking.” He waves his hand in the general vicinity of the page.
Dean’s grin turns flirtatious. “You think a lot about what I’m imagining? What am I thinking right now?”
Benji shrugs. “For me, it’s not this big cosmic thing. I don’t really believe in God like that. I believe in people. There’s this, like, power that exists between us, among us. It’s the thing that makes us care about each other even when it’s hard. Why do we do that? Why do we need each other? There’s no logic behind it but we do. That’s what motivates me, keeps me going. That’s what gives me power.”
Collating the book is tedious, but he finds nothing, aside from the two counterfeit leaves, that isn’t called for in the
“Yeah, I mean I didn’t tell him about us—crap that came out wrong. I didn’t tell him about AA or getting a sponsor or any of that. But we talked. Like really talked.”
“It’s a little like being queer,” Benji is saying, and the word queer sends a jolt through Dean’s body, snapping him out of his memories.
“Dean, this is truly astonishing. I’ve rarely seen a pen facsimile this elaborate or meticulous. Does it have the same watermark as the inserted leaf?”
“Yeah,” Benji laughs, “that’s a simpler way to put it. I did worry if I dropped the L word you’d sprint for the door.”
“Dad was the first person to ever give me a drink. Shitty beer, warm and cheap. Said it would make me a man. I was fourteen and I drank it and I hated it but I never said and he looked so proud of me for that one minute. I think I’m still chasing that, that feeling.” More murmurs of agreement. There’s an energy to the room, like he’s being heard and understood. He hasn’t felt that in so long.
“I can’t stay sober only for them,” she adds.  “I know that may make me seem… like a bad mom.”
Again, Dean’s smile falters. “Yeah I get that.”
But Sam still does drive the thing, on days like today when he’s cruising around Lebanon. Dean looks out the window and thinks about Bobby, and about what Bobby would say if he saw Dean now. If he saw Dean trying to get sober. If Bobby ever tried to get sober himself or if he just took it as a point of pride—a lot of hunter’s did—that if you lived long enough to have your drinking interfere with your work you were lucky.
“Google it,” Benji says with a wink. Dean looks down at his empty plate. Did Benji think Dean was gay too? Because he’s not. Yeah, he’s had some experiences over the years. And there’s the stuff with Cas. But he’s not like Charlie. Charlie says she always knew she was different, even as a kid. She just knew she was a lesbian and it’s like part of her. Some intrinsic fact that is written into her DNA. Dean’s not like that. He grew up feeling different, yeah, but that was because of his thrift store clothes and weird dad and the fact that he lived out of a car half the time. Liking girls was like the one thing about him that was totally normal and easy.
Dean nods—he’s heard that from Benji enough times by now, that you can’t sober up if you’re doing it for someone else and not yourself. Still, a small part of him feels like you do anything for your kids, right?
They end up staying through two rounds of coffee refills, until their waitress tells them she’s about to clock out. Just like Dean thought, Benji works construction and does some electrical on the side. He’s older than Dean assumed, by nearly a decade—there’s something kind and gentle in his eyes that makes him look younger. Unlike Dean, who looks like he’s lived through hell because he has. Benji even has some experience with moving around, living out of motels, crashing with family friends. An army brat in a blue collar family. They have a lot in common.
“This is why we never talk about stuff,” Sam says. “You turn everything into a joke.”
“I used to idolize my old man. I thought he was like a god, you know. Infallible. I wanted to be just like him, but I never was.” He looks up, and damned if he doesn’t feel a sting in his eyes. “Good enough, strong enough, smart enough. Turns out I never was, right up to the end.” He hears some murmurs of agreement, and it spurs him on.
“Yeah, I’ve read the mural,” Dean grumbles, “But after the first step I started to feel like each step is like a tarot card. You think ‘hey it’s the death card, that’s pretty easy to interpret’ and then some psychic is like nah it means change and rebirth.”
“If you got twenty five years sober, why the hell are you still going to meetings? I mean it’s only twelve steps, right?”
Dean stares. “You’re talking about love.”
Then the door swings open and there’s Cas. He doesn’t smile, but there’s warmth in his eyes. He steps back in the door and gestures Dean inside. There’s so much Dean wants to say. He wants to tell Cas about his sobriety, about Benji. He wants to ask Cas about faith, talk to him about it like they used to when they first met. But he feels wound so tight that if he lets in a single crack, he’ll break apart and fall right off the wagon. He’s already feeling raw from that conversation with Sam. So he says nothing. He walks into Cas’s apartment and they sit on Cas’s shitty second hand couch and Cas turns on the tv and they don’t talk. And he thinks this is maybe ok. Just existing together. If this is all that he’s got left in his life, just marking time with his brother and his best friend, maybe that’s enough.
When Castiel returns from his lunch break, Dean is still in the reading room, and still consulting the same book. When he looks up, he breaks into a smile and waves Castiel over.
“I just meant. You make friends… so easily. Connect with people. I’ve never had that. Outside of Jess, and Eileen, and,” he swallows, “Ruby—“
It turns out he does.
“Sir, I’m going to have to ask you to keep the book on the table at all times.”
“Psychic. Just kidding! Man you should see your face.” Benji pulls his plastic fork from his pocket and fishes in his jacket for a cigarette. “I know because I was just like you once upon a time. A lot of good intentions but very little implementation.”
“I thought you said the Men of Letters were, and I quote, a bunch of glorified librarians? If that were the case, why would they have created an entire shelfmark system that they then routinely disregarded in favor of shelving books wherever they damn pleased?” This is the fourth time today he’s found a work on occult symbology erratically left on a random shelf where it doesn’t belong. A copy of
The first person to speak at the next meeting is an older guy who looks like a ZZ Top roadie. It’s a whole open leather vest with no shirt on underneath situation, although more distracting than a grown man’s hairy nipples front and center during a serious discussion of alcohol abuse is his face: livid red scratches and scabs cover his right cheek and temple, narrowly missing his eye. It looks like someone attacked him with a cheese grater.
