"Yes."
been eating, but not like this. This will not happen like this. No, no,
(See the end of the chapter for
There was nothing John could do about that, beyond just accepting him for who he was now.
He let Sherlock slowly calm by degrees again, the hard lines of tension fading as he began to relax against John. His eyes were shut, but John could tell by how he was breathing that he wasn't asleep, or even trying to be. He was just tired. Worn out from the night before, and everything that John had asked from him today.
John was zipping up his coat-
He had tried. And clearly, he had tried until he was at the end of his rope.
But it wasn't just him.
"Okay," John sighs, his bright eyes squeezing shut. He swallows hard, and re-wraps his hands around over his.
he was jealous, he
"You are a terribly ungrateful creature," he muttered to it one day, when John was very, very safely out of the flat. "You know this. Yes?"
Sherlock ignores him entirely at that; he hardly knows why Lestrade bothered to say it. He doesn't do patient interviews. He does
Sherlock swallowed again, still shifting. He remained entirely unreadable and couldn't have looked more uncomfortable if he'd tried. "Of course," he said, his voice small.
Sherlock scowled, dropping his stubbornly blank mobile into his lap. Did he want an apology? Was that what he was waiting for? Or some other sort of nudge? Surely not the former; surely Sherlock was not expected to sink to the level of such sentimental tripe. It wasn't as if Sherlock had written that dammed article. What did it matter, anyway, what other people thought? Other people were idiots. There was a reason Sherlock wanted nothing to do with them.
He hates everything about this.
The first nine chapters are almost entirely complete, and the last one is fully outlined, so currently, I plan for updates to come every few days. I promise I'll never leave you hanging for too long on a painful cliffhanger ;)
Mycroft does not reply. He sits behind John like the smug, smarmy, sure-of-himself
It takes John a moment to realise the noises he's making are because he's crying.
John is awake this time, but clearly feels sick again, because his laptop is hugged to his stomach rather than open, and he's more interested in the pattern of dust lit up from the window light than he is anything else. He does rouse a bit, when Sherlock enters, and even manages a tired smile as he accepts the mug of tea.
to know something was wrong.
He suddenly spins to face Sherlock, breathing even faster now, each one a shallow and desperate gasp. "I'm so sorry! I'm so
"I'm sorry if you are awake," he whispers, very close to his ear. "It's probably pretty scary, and I'm sure it hurts a lot, but we can't give you anything more. Just try and bear with us for now, love. All right? We're looking after you and it's all going to be okay."
He clutches it anyway, because it's warm and his hands are cold and it gives him something to keep his fingers still. He clutches it and sits just so, so that his face is hidden behind the file, and that's that. He sits there with his coffee and his case file, safely alone in the office with only Lestrade as company. Lestrade himself goes back immediately to his own paperwork at his desk, and ceases to pay him any mind. It's absolutely perfect. Once again, Sherlock could not ask for a more ideal scenario.
He doesn't remember much of that night. A consequence of very purposefully drinking too much, too quickly. What Sherlock does remember is violently vomiting and gulping air, locked doors fallen open in the palace and gut-wrenching boxes spilling all over the floors. And John, of course.
Ella sat quietly, her hands folded in her lap. She did not interrupt, watching without judgment, and instead let him proceed at his own glacier pace.
Sherlock rolls his eyes again. He starts to sign, to order Mycroft to
Ella blinked.
Sherlock was really trying to make this as difficult on him as possible, wasn't he?
It's a trap. And a transparent one. They both know that Sherlock does not want to explore that week of his life, and his refusal to discuss it now has nothing at all to do with it not being
He knows John can protect himself. He knows John is infinitely capable of holding his own in a fight and that just about anyone who would willingly challenge him is an idiot.
relationship problems to the whole floor. Remember that, Sherlock?"
She fusses over him, even feigning sleep. She tucks him in and touches his cheek, feeling for a temperature; she pats his hair. He wonders why people have such an obsession with hair. But then, he loves it when John touches his, so he's no better, is he?
There is simply no reason to keep him here any longer. There is nothing physically wrong with him that needs urgent medical care. He is still hurt, and weak, and
He's not, really. But he must be, because he is
It was
All resolved.
what you're using all those fancy new resources of his and tax dollars for, and I'll make such an unholy scene down at your office about it that you'll never be able to keep it quiet.
"Do you-- want to know how you're doing? Your condition?" He squeezes his arm again, trying to hold his gaze. "You're going to be all right, Sherlock."
"...something like that."
Talking. Yes.
John follows.
But Sherlock went stock still.
let this happen. He let them wreck his own palace, and make John's hand tremor.
It moves on like it did when he stepped off a rooftop and forced John to watch. It moves on like it did when he stood up at a wedding and gave a bloody speech
And when he runs out of those words, he finds new ones. He puts down Sherlock's chart and reads from his phone instead. He reads cases from the blog, and comments that have come in over the last week worried about him and wishing him well. He reads the most recent stream of text messages aloud where Sherlock whinged, tantrumed, and demanded that John get milk. He keeps reading until his voice is hoarse and even then he keeps on going, leaning over with his head propped up just by Sherlock's ear.
Lestrade takes over, and the storm breaks.
John needs action, and adrenaline, and to feel useful. This? Lying in bed at six in the evening, babysitting a completely silent mannequin of a partner? After everything else that Sherlock has already put him through?
"Had the-- I mean." John wet his lips, suddenly unsure of how to say it. He didn't want to say
He has not missed Redbeard this much in decades.
And just like that, Mycroft, and all the threat he has brought here with him today, is gone.
. "And cocaine is a shortcut. It will do nothing for you. I also know that while my opinions will always be completely discounted, you are aware that John shares this particular one. There is nothing to be gained by doing this to yourself, and nothing to be gained by doing it to him, either."
He rolls his head, just barely. The fall of his dark hair against the pillow makes him look frighteningly pale, and John rubs his cold shoulder a little, trying to warm him. Good. John doesn't want to talk about the case, either.
He wanted to say it was Oscar. Oscar was the bad variable, here. He was at fault for the failed experiment, and if Sherlock had come here with anyone else, anyone else at all, it wouldn't have been like this.
He's collapsing into a panic attack stricken bawling child on the floor after all.
He writes a third line, and he's not slowing down. A wary joy burns in his chest and he grins, not daring to interrupt, but on the inside-- he's
There are hundreds of boxes to be moved. To transfer every one, he must reexamine its contents, and be able to take what he finds there into his own two hands out of the filth and poison that has spread around it. For this, he can not let John help. But John stays anyway, lingering by his side or the walls or with tea in his hands, always there as
"Good morning," John began. "How do you feel?"
"John?"
Sherlock said. So how many people had known? How many people had known some of or exactly what was going on, and said nothing? The only person to try and help him had been someone who'd needed help just as badly and never gotten it.
"So. If he's still-- then--" Lestrade swallows audibly, fishing for the words. He clearly doesn't know how to talk about it or how to call it. "I'm sure it's obvious to him, I guess, but if he can't--
"Victor," he repeated, and cold fury started to root in Sherlock's chest. "I was very worried for you when I heard that you'd started associating with him, Sherlock. You were much too good for him."
John swallows, gripping his fingers together, and wills himself to stay calm.
four-syllable words. "Euph-e-mi-sm.
to make him happy and stop being the reason he's miserable and never give him cause to leave ever again, but he's also spent weeks upon weeks being
to what Sherlock was trying to say, until his friend had finally glanced sideways at him with those bright, inscrutable eyes, and asked
A more normal person might take John to a new restaurant. A fancier, more expensive restaurant, with even fancier and more expensive cake. Something with a French name and menu, so Sherlock could sweep John's menu from his hands, and then order for him, right there in front of him and in flawless French. Sherlock is not normal. He's also not that trite, overly cliched, or
"Git," John mutters. He has to fight it past the lump in his throat and it comes out weak and watery, the effect utterly ruined. Sherlock looks away. "You knew all the tests they were doing were a waste of time, didn't you? And you let them make fools of themselves anyway. Bet you enjoyed the spotlight, at least?"
Sherlock. Can't you just let that be enough? She lied to me, she pointed a bloody gun at
The detective sat quietly, his expression remaining almost painfully shuttered. He did not look remotely accepting. "You were grieving," he started, voice low. It sounded like an unwilling compromising with
needed to feel useful. How could he have left it for someone else to take care of? Someone who hadn't known how to handle and deal with Sherlock, how to weather his verbal evisceration, what his limits were, how to touch him and how to not?
But there is no longer anything that they can do for him.
It's a map.
There was definitely a reason that Sherlock had first refused to take this case. And it was the same reason he had refused to come with John today, and it was the same reason he had now been so quiet and out of sorts for days.
A third blink.
The sofa in 221B is also, somewhat coincidentally, Sherlock's new home, and will remain as such for the entire rest of his life.
about being Sherlock's live-in physician. Oh, so many
"...I'm sorry, Sherlock, I don't fo--"
Sherlock rolls his eyes, his expression turned vicious and mocking. He looks at John like he is a very moronic child, like he is an intolerable idiot and too imbecilic and exasperating to live. And John--
What if he did fancy her? What if she fancied him? What then?
He calms down by degrees. Sherlock can feel it, in the strain of his breaths and the tightness of his fingers in his hair. He curls his arms more around his waist, wanting to press closer to John still, to just wrap himself into the warmth until it suffocates the silent anguish inside him.
After another moment, Mycroft coughed, very slight and quiet. He reverted his eyes back down to his own tea, moving the conversation on as he stared at the murky liquid. "I am, regretfully, somewhat unable to be specific about much of what went on between them. I was very busy with my own career, and while I used my connections to keep an eye on him, Sherlock was not exactly the type to call me up just to chat. I'm sure you can imagine." He smiled slightly again, a very cold sort of expression, like a snake biding its time before its bite. "What I have pieced together after the fact is that, while he was a gifted scientist in his own right, Dr. Wilson's true talent was in attracting very gifted students to his lab, so he could adopt their work as his own. Students like Sherlock, who were very desperate for praise and acknowledgement. To be made to feel... special." Mycroft paused again, looking like he'd swallowed a lemon. "Sherlock was not the first student of his that he'd slept with. I made sure that he was, however, the last."
," and his nails claw into Sherlock's shoulders when he uses his tongue instead. He scratches him and it is
He gave Sherlock another minute, hoping to see him work the nervous energy out. But the manic pacing continued, Sherlock whipping back and forth in the kitchen with his shirt still wrinkled in his white-knuckled grip, his eyes big and angry, and the situation very quickly slid from eccentric to worrying. Being a little bit worked up was normal. But this? For just a first date? Well over two hours before he even had to go?
He has been away for two years and counting. And the fact that John is home, now, John is smiling at him again, everything is so close to right he barely dares to believe it's true-
Not necessary, Sherlock would tell him. You've done more than enough.
he hisses, "do this to me or Sherlock again."
When John is done, his skin flushed and hot and overall properly debauched, Sherlock rolls free, working his jaw and clearing his throat. He rolls further onto his side, his back hunched against John's caressing fingers, and inelegantly shoves a hand between his own legs.
"I'm sorry," he murmurs.
Sherlock swirls out the door in a dramatic swirl of his coat. His phone has already been pushed into John's hand, so that one of them can give the cabbie the address.
"If you insist."
John Watson is indisputably, irrefutably, fantastically perfect.
"Milgram requires watering every day, John, as well as-"
Sherlock noticed, of course. He glanced at John, then down to their hands, drawing his finger down one of his. "He is a reprehensible human being that made a habit of sexually abusing his students, all while being convinced he was God's gift to science, and likely has a personality disorder of some kind. I know all of this, John. But he did make me feel... good. As long as I was capable of meeting his increasingly impossible standards, which I always was, he loved to make me feel unendingly special in return."
"John?" Mycroft says upon approach, his eyes widening. He starts to put his phone away, even having the grace to look
"Oh, Sherlock. Lovely boy! For a moment there I thought you'd stood me up!" Oscar smiled at him as if he'd entered with solid gold in his hands, and in just a heartbeat was already on his feet to give him another hug, right there in front of everyone. "So glad that you could make it."
There's a baby.
If Sherlock had had a knife, or been hopped up on more stimulants than depressants, Greg suddenly got the very strong feeling that he would've found himself knocked to the floor.
Sherlock sighed again, but it was just a bit easier, now. He leaned his face against John's, then turned to meet him mid-kiss, a foul wrinkle of tension softening away. "I know." He kissed John back, quietly, almost gently.
Then he stows his phone back in his pocket, and returns to smoking the last of the cigarettes he'll get before John comes to snatch them out of hand.
"Changed my mind, actually. You don't need to call me back, Mycroft. I have your answer right now: I want to be involved. It's my son or daughter, and I want to be involved however I can. But I don't want anything to do with Mary. She tried to kill Sherlock. End of story." John stares at him hard, and no matter how badly Sherlock wants to squirm away, he can't. "Is that enough for your negotiating table, then?"
There was another short silence. Sherlock grinned.
"All right," Ella at last began, when it finally became clear that John was not going to remember yet another confession of yet another
on scene just to be helpful. He is not that useless. At least, he is not that useless yet.
Sherlock knocked his fist on the doorframe again. Then he knocked it a third time. Just a slow, steady, rhythmic knocking, even though the door was already open and the person he apparently wanted to summon was right there looking at him.
He can do this, as long as it's just in his head. As long as his progress is measured in plans sketched out in his own head, and affections said to a panting dog, and words to a mirror. He can not do this if John is there, too. If John is involved in any way at all, because that means John will be watching him fail.
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
He does. Of course he does. He huffs and turns his glower to the floor, arms folded tightly, and even John's mollifying brush to his arm does nothing to calm him. "I was
"--because you're
It's comfortable.
There was something there. Something about Cambridge, and this Victor, and whatever the missing connecting thread was. But Greg was too excited to let it damper his spirits, and he forged straight on, unwilling to hear the injury underneath the sulk. "Okay, well, you can do other things. Of course. The Yard consults with people, sometimes, and you're brilliant enough, you could wrangle out some sort of certificate or specialization. You could--"
It was easy and natural, like this was simply always how it had been meant to be. John got back to Baker Street after picking Rosie up from the disgruntled and sleepy-eyed overnight sitter, a bag packed in a rush and her favorite stuffed bee under his arm. He passed Mycroft in the door, the elder Holmes wearing a grim, exhausted expression, promising him that Sherlock was all right and sleeping it off. He also promised that his staff would make sure that Oscar Wilson did not plan any surprise visits.
John is awake after all, a box of tissues under one arm and his laptop open in his blanket nest. He glances up at the swing of the door with bleary eyes, barely more than a lump underneath the sheets. "Oh," he starts, blinking. "Sherlock, can you--"
Oh? Do tell
"I truly didn't mean any offense."
"God, no! No, Greg, the cases are great, seriously, we'd both go mad without them!" John shakes his head, almost dizzy at the thought. Sherlock, without cases?
to just ignore that.
And what he needs to do, is actually
Of course it wasn't for a case.
Yet all of them, somehow, lead to here.
an eight out of ten! Lestrade was lost at sea; it was
busy with dull people and dull panels and dull, dull,
John snuffles softly into his pillow.
At least The Plan: Stage One had succeeded.
The words that came next, however, hurt much, much more.
was he here? Why the
Because Sherlock is slowing down.
Sherlock has also tried chemical intervention before. Some months ago, he'd hypothesised that alcohol could be a brilliant aid, lowering his inhibitions just enough to loosen his tongue. He even had prime experimental conditions-- once he no longer was taking any medication for it to interact with, John had been more than willing to have a drink with him, right there in the flat. He'd seemed glad to, even; relieved that Sherlock had wanted to do something that could be considered
He ducks his head, suddenly ragged, inside and out, and he tries to tear at his hair only to have his hands met by John's. "I have just-- all of
"My terms," Sherlock snarled. "My terms or not at all! I will not--"
Oscar blinked up at him with wide eyes, looking utterly taken-aback and. Rejected? Insulted? Hurt? What,
"...Yes?"
Then:
. It is disappointment and letdown and heartbreak.
John."
Sherlock, after another few moments spent blinking and startled in the silence, grins back into John's chest.
seriously, but John means it. Sherlock is still hurt and if he tries to go gallivanting across the city, he will get hurt worse. John is not going to let that happen.
There's another thump from upstairs, louder than before. John shares a perturbed look with Lestrade, already heading towards the stairs together, and John doesn't know what he's imagining-- how much trouble can Sherlock really get into alone up there? Tripping over a sofa? He has no idea, but it's just noisy enough that he can tell he needs to get up there.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sherlock did not like hospital, A&E, paperwork, or regulation. But he did, very much, like kissing.
He takes five minutes, and enjoys his perfect cuppa in silence. He even washes it for good measure, listening to the clink of china and rush of water and, every so often, the turn of a page of a book behind him.
Because this is what John needs from him, and there is no limit to what he will do for John.
John squeezed his eyes shut, and dragged himself on.
Dr. Andrews squirmed a step closer through the crowded hallway, no eyes for John at all and instead looking Sherlock up and down with a bright, broadening smile. "I certainly never thought I'd see you here again. How have you been, Sherlock?"
He ducks his head into his fists, kneading heavily at his temples. The weight on his chest is inescapable and crushing but he fights through it, one breath after another.
Mycroft's mouth twitched, a quiet look of increasing disgust slipping across his features. "Yes. For some time. Not that Sherlock recognised it as inappropriate. He felt...
"Oh, that is
John hesitated again, still lingering beside Milgram. He looked at Sherlock in a way that was entirely odd and unreadable, his eyes warm, and in a word, he was- unsure. Unsure of himself, and what he was about to do.
"Poison, John! Poison! I
"You had an ulcer," John cut in, unable to stop himself. And probably an anxiety disorder, by the sound of it. "Your stomach tissue was irritated and there was nothing you could've done to stop that. Yes, Sherlock, even you."
Sherlock waves a hand through the air, brushing aside a non-existent fly. Then he does it again, more vehemently than before, and exhales out like an angry, stuck dragon.
"There we go," he said, very gently looping his arm back around his. "You're still stiff as a board, you know... there's no need to be worried. It's
bad. It's one of his older ones, from before the military, red and worn out and a bit wrinkled, and Sherlock is right about the faded pattern of vomit on one shoulder doing him no favors. But it is a perfectly fine, serviceable shirt. Old does not mean needing to be thrown out. There is nothing wrong with it, save for the fact that Sherlock apparently hates it, which is even more of a reason to keep it.
tossed his napkin onto the table, and left.
He paces back to the armchair and settles himself down on his knees before it, palming John's face and breathing in the entire space of him. It's addictive and encompassing, and he presses his forehead down to his and wants nothing more than to swallow this all up and keep this feeling memorised and preserved, right there inside of him.
He has never wanted anything in his life more than he wants this.
It wasn't an experiment worth trying again. John has yet to pour himself anything more than a single glass while at home since.
Log into Greg's email from his chair, hack into NSY? Whatever he did, yelling at him for it won't accomplish anything helpful whatsoever. They will still be sitting here, at this crime scene that Sherlock can not vocally deduce, on a crime Sherlock is not physically well enough to investigate.
Sherlock groaned.
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
He's cold and worn out and tired, and he's tired of
Sherlock breathed hard through his nose, looking a bit like a coiled, tensed spring. "Do you think I was a normal sixteen year old? I was smarter than him even back then. I was smarter than him, and richer than him, and-- I used
I..."
of learning sign language, if no one is ever even looking at him when he raises his hands to speak?
John gets to his feet, and exits the room as noiselessly as he can.
Except--
This can't be just about him.
Ulcers could happen in children. And that was what Sherlock had still been, a fucking
this.
"Oh, Sherlock!"
"Yeah," John said. "It's me. And you're not going to hang up the phone. Are you, Sherlock?"
Greg blinked. He looked up at Sherlock to find the boy suddenly starting at him again, his piercing eyes bright and unsettling. "Why what?"
"Are you talking about that...
"Oh, Sherlock." His smile softened, the edges curling into something familiar. A smile that he had seen from him many, many times before. This was the first time that he was able to recognise it as condescending. "You don't even know what I was--"
what Sherlock had expected to see tonight, and he crossed over to water Milgram in what might've passed as amusement. "Let me try again. Did you actually like Irene Adler-
As much as it makes him ill to think it.
"I think there's a bloody difference between lying on the sofa for a few days and clinical depression, Mycroft."
If he can manage it, he'll add
It was just a few minutes short of midnight, when Oscar finally set his papers down to fall all across the table before them, put his feet up, and leaned backwards with an exhausted sigh.
, John groans, and starts forward.
John heard the words in his head on replay. Distant, as if they'd been said by somebody else, somebody else entirely. He blinked too.
"So." He clears his throat. "You still don't remember who shot you, then?"
can bother to read the god damn room--
It was what she'd try to say to John about abuse, and abusive relationships. And moving on after they were over, or... not moving on at all. He still wouldn't call his marriage abusive-- if anyone had been abused, it was Sherlock with a bullet to the chest-- but he could at least admit now it had been toxic and unhealthy, and there was no lost love between them by the end. He'd been miserable, in his marriage, but now that it was gone, he'd found himself strangely reluctant to try again. Not just because of Sherlock.
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
"Sherlock," he started, more than a little unsure what to say, "what exactly are you trying to tell me?"
But Sherlock has always known that John's patience will have a limit.
John left that alone, for now. He believed that Sherlock had verbally said yes. He also believed that it hadn't remotely been an enthusiastic one. It hadn't at all been something Sherlock had actually wanted to do, and Oscar had known that. And Sherlock had known he'd known.
He must do this.
he really is that the man folds into him without complaint.
"Shut up, you'd combust in less than a day. No, it's just... it's about Mary, Sherlock." He took another breath, bracing himself through it. Across from him, Sherlock's put-upon expression quickly faded, resigned back into proper grief, and John pushed ahead. "Look. Regardless of how everything ended up turning out, Mary was there for me when you died, and she gave me Rosie. I'll always be grateful to her for those two things. But she didn't give you anything, Sherlock. You owe her
. Company. People leave. That is what people do.
put you over my shoulder and drop you back in the cab myself."
John tucks him into bed despite it being barely half six, because there's really no sense in pretending Sherlock is going to come online, eat takeaway in the sitting room, and watch bad telly with him any time tonight. John draws the sheets and blanket up around him instead, all the way up to his chin, watching him all the while with wary, worried eyes and his hands hovering against his hair. He lingers still when it's all done, sitting next to him and not seeming sure at all what he's supposed to be doing.
"Oh. Okay, yeah. That's great. I can really write a report off that, that's-"
"Yeah, I
"Um. Hello." John linger on, right there in the middle of the hallway. "Fancy a change of scenery?"
John is right. It's unfair and a shade away from cruel, but he's right. Sherlock inhales deeply, working upright to gauge the containers for himself. "So you got me miso soup instead. John. This place's miso soup is two parts scrap of green onion- one singular green onion- three parts flakes of tofu, and ten parts flavoured water."
And he thinks about the monotonous phone call he got just this afternoon, that had summoned him out to this hospital.
"You think that's what this is?" A cold seed of absolute
"No," Mycroft says, with a pointed look. "Perhaps not. That does not mean I don't sorely wish to provide it."
"I meant to, I talked to him, but... somehow we ended up talking about Mary, of all people. I told him it wasn't his fault, at least, what happened to her. Though I'm not sure how much he believed me. And then it--"
He wills the smile down, precisely because John is not in the mood for it. But it's clearly a bit too late for John to be mollified, because he bolts to his feet and hauls Sherlock up with him, shaking him by the collar and his temper left all the way back around the corner. "Will you
in the empty doorway to the world's fanciest hospital room, holding a bad cup of coffee, and the patient is nowhere to be seen. "You here?"
"Sherlock," John grumbles, voice catching and asleep. "Sherlock. What's wrong." He's asleep on his feet, but he's touching Sherlock already, his bare hands skimming over his chest, one already fumbling to untie the flimsy gown. "Oh. Your blood pressure's through the roof, love-"
"This is not what I meant," he finally forces out, his voice quiet. That baseball bat is looking better and better an option. He swallows roughly, a solid mass of self-loathing and disgust and guilt solidifying in his gut. "Mycroft. Nothing that you've said here is enough. He is
John swallows hard, tamping down on the little sting of jealously, and forces himself to watch.
John glanced away again, not looking particularly happy at all to have gotten his way. Lestrade, on the other hand, was especially wrong-footed, gone dead silent and not wanting to speak up at all.
yes, of course that's how this is going to play out, and he's going to feel like an idiot, and then Sherlock is going to fuss over his head and promise to do unspeakable things to the idiot who hit him, and everything is going to be fine.
man. There. Four syllables." He strokes his hair and his back and his shoulders, his legs locking around Sherlock's, his hands into his. "I'll look up more. I will buy a dictionary and look up every four-syllable compliment that there is in the English language and I'll write a blog post consisting of only that. Sherlock. I love you. You're...
was several hundred miles off with a broken nose-- they were going to have a talk. They were going to have a long, very clear talk, about Sherlock hurting himself for John's sake. Because it kept happening, and it wasn't okay. John's own happiness could not come at the expense of Sherlock's suffering and for Sherlock to keep acting as if it did wasn't only hurting himself, it was hurting John, too. This could not go on.
Tomorrow is finally getting closer.
But Sherlock shook his head immediately, so quickly his face nudged into John's palm. "If you don't take them out, I will. They itch."
"Yeah. I'm not. I'm... bisexual, Sherlock."
He expects the neutral face of one of Lestrade's other officers to appear in the doorway. He does not expect to see Sally Donovan, quietly emerging around the frame.
, exactly, would I need you?"
John gasped. He shook his head, squeezing his hands together so tightly his knuckles hurt. He felt almost ill. "That's not... what happened. I get that that's how it looks, okay. Like it was all a stunt for-- attention, or something. But that's not who Sherlock is. He didn't... god, Ella, he wasn't
It took less than a minute after John was gone, the cab pulled around the corner and Sherlock left behind, his hair ruffled and his shirt halfway pulled out, for his phone to vibrate in his pocket.
The seconds ticked by. Sherlock stared at him, the look on his face shredding John's heart to bits, and waited.
And now- back to the very beginning! :D
He means it now, and he's meant it ever since coming back from the dead.
And maybe a big part of it was jealousy. But that wasn't all of it, was it? No.
He can't stand knowing that he's spent weeks trying to muscle Sherlock into seeing a therapist, that Mycroft likely wouldn't be here at all if John hadn't told him so in asking for his help. He can't stand that he asked for Mycroft's help at all, when he'd known exactly how furious Sherlock would be at him for it but he'd gone and opened his mouth anyway, and now here they are.
Also, when he realised Milgram's fire-scorched remains would be even more problematic than Milgram himself, and would solve exactly none of his problems.
"The age difference," he started again, still fishing for the slightest bit of dry land. "Not so much now, at our ages, but when they were first involved. I know times were different back then, and things that aren't okay were still accepted then. But even so..."
Sherlock is curled into an impossibly tight, tiny ball, his long, injured limbs all squeezed up as small as he can get them. He presses back into the corner and is shaking badly, only held up at all by the support of the walls and the compactness of his own ball, panting to himself and blinking at nothing. The instant the door opens, his eyes flick upwards to him.
"Time for you to go, Mycroft," he snaps. He'd like to see
should've seen this coming.
He'd deduced all of this already, in the fallout of the case last night... quite obvious, really. Sherlock had returned home quickly after, the crisis entirely solved, and expecting John to follow. Because the crisis had been solved, had it not? Criminals, all arrested. Case, neatly solved. Priceless artefact, soon to be returned. Sarah Sawyer a little worse for wear- and he
Another few moments pass in anguishing silence. Sherlock's overbright eyes search sleepily over John, dilated and glassy with the stream of narcotics, and for just a heartbeat they latch onto his.
He can not bear the idea of having come this far, for so
I've only got one chapter left to write, in the rough draft, so updates will hopefully stay at a pretty quick pace! See you next time, for an important one- Sherlock's got some progress to make!
Once again, he calls Sherlock's name, this time loud and demanding. "Sherlock!" he starts, rapping a fist on the door. "Are you in there? It's John, Sherlock! Open this door,
God!" He paced forwards and back, reaching up to all but tear his own hair out. "But I could hardly use a real plant! Do you realise how many times we would've killed a real plant, by now? No! Milgram would be dead seventeen times over! Imagine the massacre, my god!"
Sherlock sinks deeper into the blanket, his stomach churning. He buries his face in his knees, but really, he'd rather bury himself into the bloody floor.
Sherlock blinked again. The off switch in the palace sputtered a second time, flickering on and off, like a bad connection or a lightbulb that was on its last legs. "Oh," he fumbled, and damn it, he had never hated sounding stupid more than he had right in that very moment.. "Like
"You okay?" A nod. "All right. Hold still."
what the hell else?" And suddenly, Sherlock was shouting over the phone, his voice oddly tiny and cracked through the static. "I hate him. He's a disgusting human being. He makes me sick and he killed my best friend, and I still-- I'd still--"
"We were talking and he got a text message. From... a woman. The--"
John seemed to be in a similar sort of mood. Tight-lipped and sullen, his shoulders slumped as he trudged inside with the weight of what looked like the world on his shoulders. He'd been checked over the paramedics even more aggressively than Sherlock had, refused a ride to an A&E through sheer stubbornness alone, and finally been let go with instructions to come in if he experienced any bouts with dizziness, headache, or severe nausea. They were still waiting on the blood test results, to see what Moriarty had drugged him with.
And Sherlock
actually looked like. Or whether that was even important. Sherlock was uncomfortable at Tesco's but in his element when taunting a serial killer, for god's sake.
of himself. He giggled again.
They go to Dartmoor. Sherlock doesn't have a panic attack and send John away. John doesn't miss that he's having a panic attack, and he doesn't let Sherlock send him away. Sherlock doesn't attempt to drug John. Bit Not Good. It's his fault.
But he'd never told anyone before besides Ella. Certainly not Sherlock. Sherlock, who'd probably deduced it all anyway from the first five minutes of meeting him.
They are Sherlock Holmes and John Watson. They live on stakeouts and Chinese takeaway at two in the morning, and say
"Come on, Sherlock," he prodded. His fingers had gone cold and John wrapped them up in both of his. "You're telling me you never deduced it?"
Lestrade was right. John really is going to kill him.
"My recollection from last night has several holes. As you know. I know that I called Mycroft, but after that--" he swallowed audibly, and when John turned back around it was to find him holding his water glass in a white-knuckled grip. "I would very much appreciate a full explanation because-- I surmise that I might have imagined or dreamed several sequences of events, and it would... I would just like to be sure I'm operating on a complete and accurate data set before we proceed."
If Sherlock
But this was the wrong thing to say, because now John's face falls, and he looks even worse than before. "Jesus-" He drops his head, his hands clenching, "you- Sherlock Holmes taught me how to waltz for my fucking
It takes him fifteen minutes to convince a trembling, furious Sherlock to cooperate.
Normal people felt like this. This was normal. John said so.
, "I'll be outside," he said, already on his feet and shielding his eyes from a Sherlock that was now working at the button on his trousers. God, what was
It wasn't jealousy, anymore; a very big part of John wanted to just send Sherlock back to his room to get dressed in something soft and comfortable, and then curl up on the sofa, and John would call his date for him to tell him that something had come up and then get takeaway and stay the night. Sherlock clearly didn't feel well at all and if there was anything John knew about relationships, it was that feeling
"And the others?"
"I do! I do
Sherlock went at it for most of the day. John went at it for slightly less, taking a break several times to indulge in break room coffee, and, mostly recently, a vending machine sandwich that looked... well, it looked atrocious, but that was what normal people did, wasn't it? They took lunch breaks. So Sherlock continued on his warpath, and meanwhile, John yawned at the table, picking with supreme disinterest through cardboard bread and warm ham.
"John looked... pretty happy, when I saw him. Happier than I've seen him in years, actually."
into tearing Sherlock apart. All to loosen his tongue.
Next chapter is a bit more of a filler one for some good old-fashioned hurt/comfort, to give a rest between all these important ones. Then, it'll be time for the last hurrah!
"Right," he said again, breathing deeply. "Because it seemed a little- I guess, in a way- I thought you might look at Irene like-"
"I know," Sherlock said, his voice muffled into John's jumper. He shuddered and sniffed, curled over onto himself even more, his drying hair now almost fluffy and tickling the bottom of his chin. "Of course it's logical. I came up with it."
The pieces clicked, and John's stomach sank.
right and hadn't even realised it.
, you cock..."
It's swollen and red, dotted with sweat with his brilliant eyes shut. They had to shave a patch of his ridiculous hair and the rest is limp and matted, curls twisted together into knots that have solidified with old crusts of blood.
He supposes there are some silver linings, after all. He's not so sure he would've been able to say those words aloud.
Sherlock looked up.
"Just one word, love. It's all r--"
Mycroft, who is looking decidedly unimpressed, by Sherlock's desperate efforts to communicate. "If you think those are the only signs, John, you are a much worse doctor than my dear brother gives you credit for." He stands, and Sherlock flinches back while John jerks forward, he will punch his
"Shush for a moment. Yes, Sherlock, I heard what you said. You are not going to panic about that. Everything is fine between you and me. Okay?"
John spends approximately three audible heartbeats staring at him in wrong-footed confusion.
After another sip of tea, the look on his face suggesting it tasted even worse as it cooled, Mycroft continued on. "As I said, I don't know much of the specifics. What I can tell you is that the first I learned that something untoward might be going on was when Sherlock's violin tutor called me in his second year, to tell me that Sherlock had elected to stop carrying on with lessons. He said it was because he was too busy with coursework, but she told me, in confidence, that it had been a good decision. She could see that his heart wasn't in it anymore, she said." He frowned again, curling his hands closer together. "She thought that he seemed depressed."
So he sits there, in Barts' morgue, legs crossed at Molly's desk, and he waits for autopsy results that he doesn't even have the slightest bit of interest in. He stares at her from behind as she works hard, her back to him, moving quickly and efficiently and completely oblivious to what he's trying to do behind her.
The pieces click.
he says. He tries to. There's no sound, but his mouth moves in the shape of it.
Sherlock looked silently back at him, his eyes piercing and so gloriously blue. He just sat there and looked at him, very pale and perfectly calm and so very unreadable.
This takes place in 2012, so the 'attractive humanoid alien' that 'wears lots of leather' (Sherlock's words, not mine!) would be Loki :) Perhaps Sherlock is very transparently trying to tell John he has a type, and that type is leather-wearing dangerous people that walk around giving orders :)
hate himself for it tomorrow.
He tries. And there is nothing.
Silence passes. Sherlock coughs himself, not quite able to clear his throat.
He kissed him until John's notes were abandoned somewhere on the floor.
Sherlock breathed in again, the air warm against his neck. He held John's gaze and did not look away.
He wanted to punch him. He wanted to swing his fist back, and punch him in the face. Wanted to see his skin beaten black and blue, and for his fist to hurt, and to know it was because of him.
But this, evidently, was not the right thing to say. "Why? Why would you assume I was asexual? Because I'm strange, odd,
they got married, they moved out, they moved on, they lived a normal life. And he's only starting to fully grasp the mountainous depths, of just how deeply he'd hurt John, but Sherlock does understand what it's like to be hurt, now- and he understands how being so desperately hurt transforms into that breathless need for something
It's probably the most pathetic accomplishment he's ever had in his life, but after he's spent so long trapped in his own silence, he's more than willing to take what he can get.
Sherlock hissed. Again, flinching away. Again, his hackles raised and his teeth bared and his eyes gone hard as glass, and
John glanced up halfway, still absorbed in his phone. "Hmm? No what?"
"Say that again. Say it. Sherlock--"
He stares at John, fish-mouthed and dumbstruck, and he swallows nothing air. "You... moved back in."
But John is miserable
A few moments passed in total silence. Sherlock did not move to reclaim the paper, so Greg, unerringly careful not to touch him, picked it up himself. If Sherlock was not going to talk, then the least he could do was try to figure it out himself.
At fifteen minutes to eleven, just before John had been about to finally call the entire damn evening a wash, the door downstairs to the street creaked open.
...all right, then.
"Okay. All right, Sherlock. You need to calm down, now. Right now, understand? You're hyperventilating. That's why you feel like this, you're not getting enough oxygen, and that's telling your brain there's something to be scared of, but there's nothing, all right? It's just me." Something warm gathers around his hand and folds his fingers like a marionette's, folds each one, turning them until they feel something thudding underneath them.
His heart leaps straight up back into his throat.
That didn't sound like a very interesting or enthralling conference, did it?
okay? I'm a doctor, not a mind-reader! Not all of us are as brilliantly minded as you!"
Well. He had defended himself against the baseball bat with John's gun. But that was bit beside the point now, wasn't it?
Yes, of course Sherlock had. Since the very instant Sherlock had laid eyes on him.
who he is.
Something was clearly wrong, that Sherlock clearly did not want to talk about. And John had very definitely lost the right to drag it out of him.
Someday, he will say it out loud again.
Sherlock did end up going on the date after all. He sat twitchily in his chair with his head in his knees, nothing at all like a man excited to go on a date should look, and John felt worse and worse by the bloody minute, but when it came time to go, he didn't even need to be reminded. Sherlock got to his feet and shouldered on his coat and scarf like a suit of armor. He buttoned the Belstaff as high as he could and pulled his scarf into an even tighter knot than usual, his back to John, and whatever nerves there'd been in him before, they were hidden now underneath the veneer of the famous coat and his steely eyes.
If the silence of the flat is this bad for him, then it can only be even worse for Sherlock.
The razor kept Sherlock silent, which John was now extremely grateful for. Perhaps he'd finally found the magic ingredient to getting Sherlock to be quiet, and it was holding a sharp blade flush against the delicate skin of his face. He swallowed again, staring very hard at Sherlock's cheek rather than the two aqua eyes that tracked his every movement like a hawk.
care about was that he was stuck in the exact same pitiful situation. Constable excluded.
He took a careful sip of his tea, and figured that for once, he could take the risk.
He wasn't. He was sure of at least that much. He was
John turns the corner back to Baker Street, already digging a hand into his pockets for his keys.
Thank you everyone to has read or interacted along the way, it has absolutely meant the world to me, and I hope it's been as fun for you to read it as it's been for me to write it <3 I think I got all the replies to people for this update, but if I missed someone, I am sincerely sorry.
It wouldn't have ended badly. Of course it was dangerous; how could it not be? Magnussen isn't the sort of person that can be taken down safely sitting behind a desk. Of course there were ways it could've gone wrong, but it's not as if Sherlock enjoys getting hurt or nearly killed. He plans to try and prevent it, and his plan against Magnussen had been the same.
But he couldn't make himself move.
John tenses. This isn't the time; surely, Mycroft can see that? What about Sherlock right now looks like he's ready for something like this?
lose them again, Mycroft. 'S sentiment, I don't
For that matter, neither has John.
but you and Mycroft keep standing in my way."
Sherlock pads silently to his feet, and goes to fetch his legal pad.
John did actually look irritated, now, his jaw clenched and one thumb jittering against his tea. As if this was something he'd said before, or had tried to say before, and this was the final straw rather than the start of a conversation. And Sherlock didn't know why. But what he did know was the crime scene was waiting, and if he dallied for too long Anderson would contaminate it like the idiot that he was, and his interesting goldmine of a case would be
It also so happened that Sherlock would probably be able to make quite a lot of use, out of John keeping his emergency medicine knowledge up to date. But
"--I'd still rather have
he mouths, his shiny, morphine-glazed eyes dimming in their panic and exhaustion and pain.
Sherlock shoots up in a drug den, and overdoses.
normal, and Sherlock was the one who wasn't.
"Who asked you? Does
Sherlock blinks again, still filtering through volumes and volumes of information. None of it shows on his face anymore, his features shifted back into a restrained, careful mask, but he nods slowly once, finding his footing.
Nothing.
what he's supposed to say, and there's never anything there trapping him if he gets it wrong. Now it's just one sentence, one question, and now there is no choice; now he must
"Sometimes I don't talk for days on end. Would that bother you?"
because he'd taken one look at him and somehow just known,
What you're doing!"
Until footsteps hammered in the corridor outside, and Sherlock jumped right out of his skin.
is sentimental.
He didn't know who Sherlock was even trying to fool. John had seen him hankering for a case when buried in a ball of blankets with pneumonia, silently whinging and pouting with a terrible case of laryngitis, and recovering from a gunshot to the chest. A runny nose, headache, and muscle aches wasn't enough to keep Sherlock away from a case. And John had been watching Sherlock all day-- he had none of the above.
John waited in the silence again, his fingers wound back together in his lap. He couldn't quite look at Ella again, the discomfort of it stuck in his throat. But he knew what was next. It had to be.
Sherlock is still backed against the wall, his thin chest heaving and face dotted with sweat. For a moment, John has no idea what Mycroft is so obviously referring to-- but then he sees it.
He gives Sherlock a few more seconds to catch his breath, the detective still refusing to meet his eyes. He sits with him and waits, allowing the tight squeeze of Sherlock's fingers in his hand.
It's majesty and betrayal all at once. It's the best sensation of his life wrapped up in the acute knowledge that this is not what he wants or how to get it. It's the furious look on John's face, and Francis bluntly opening one of their very first sessions with
John sighs. "As long as you're here, eat something, will you?" He hands Sherlock a styrofoam container of something or other, and now his face is doing that
Sherlock sits silently in the suffocating quiet of the flat, fingers steepled before his mouth. There is nobody else here but him. He is comfortable, in no pain whatsoever, and absolutely safe. He's been wetting his throat with tea with honey for the past half hour. There is absolutely nothing that he can find to be wrong.
"He played chess with me when I was in hospital. Before, I mean. While I was... away." It's uncomfortably quiet, and he can feel John's startled eyes on him, even as he refuses to look back. "I was bored and wanted to come home then, too. Sometimes he humored me and let me win."
His first instinct is to throw Mycroft down the bloody stairs.
Sherlock to understand it.
he is
about the two dead bodies downstairs, he cares about the man who is still alive and in his arms right now, a sheen of sweat gleaming on his forehead, his shoulder and face swelling as they speak, and his heart hammering a sprint underneath John's careful hands. They can do this
"It's
He sees it in the low set of John's shoulders, day after day. He sees it when the look on his face when Sherlock is reduced to turning to
Hour and a half. John refilled his whiskey.
"You were brilliant," he whispers, his lips moving against the fringe of his hair. "You were bloody brilliant and you'll be even more brilliant tomorrow. You'll see."
close. His eyes are warm and blue and everything in the world that Sherlock could ever want.
John took a deep breath, and turned off the mute button.
Dr. Slug in a Suit landed sprawled on his side, wheezing like a man who'd just been sucker punched and holding the bleeding cut on his face. He flinched backwards from John, already squirming on the pavement like the slug he was. "Take my wallet--" he started, and he flinched backwards again, harder than before. "You can take my wallet, you can have--"
And Sherlock is no longer able to give him what he does want.
He wonders if Mrs. Hudson would mind terribly, if they got a dog.
"Sherlock--"
It was a diploma.
he snaps, "What else am I meant to do? I've been stuck here with
, even if only in his head. Sherlock still had things to say and the will to say them, so maybe if he just let him try; maybe if he sat there only as a silent cheerleader to wait and to listen, his mind palace would take him past the finish line--
He was getting really bloody tired of being the only one left in the dark.
the flu.
and with eyes full of sympathy. Misplaced sympathy. "Abusive relationships can be very complicated. The stereotypical battered wife imagery people often think of is certainly one way they can look, but there are many others, and the effects they have can be long-reaching, and sometimes not entirely clear, even to the people involved."
There wasn't anything else.
"Come now, Graham. We both know you've missed me."
dragging him back to his feet. He doesn't push him to explain, doesn't do anything but sit there and dig a hand into the plastic bag of takeaway and settle himself in for what is absolutely clear is meant to be the long haul.
John was right. A piece of paper meant nothing to him. He had never needed Cambridge's permission to call himself a scientist. He'd also never cared about prizes, or overpriced pomp and circumstance in Sweden, or proper credit. It was true, though, that Victor had made the initial discovery and had the initial idea, that had solidified Oscar's prize, and from there his career. Sherlock had been the one to discover it in his notebooks, and figure out a way to prove it. Victor's idea, Sherlock's work-- Oscar had done little more than just follow the instructions that Sherlock had already laid out. He'd been annoyed about it at the time, that Sherlock had insisted on working on Victor's project instead of devoting himself entirely to Oscar's own, and wound up refusing to help him on it, in his way. Meetings cancelled or shown up late to. The few that did happen derailed with alcohol and touching. Oscar sneering about it and mocking his progress whenever Sherlock tried to bring it up.
"You'll get me case files," he said into John's shoulder, nuzzling slightly. "The best ones."
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
want you to put yourself in danger. I will
It's not just the pain after all, then.
John sat back to gape at him. He blinked numbly, utterly at a loss for words, and for several moments seemed incapable of making any sound at all.
"He put himself in a serial killer's hands, again because of me. The only reason he went after Culverton Smith to begin with was because of me, and the only reason he ended up there alone with him is because I left him there. I looked at him in a hospital bed and I left him there alone, and I didn't mean to come back.
John. Not until I have some measure of explanation to write down."
Greg grinned back in the mirror, and John relaxed next to him, breathing easier once again. "There's a good man!" he said, patting Sherlock on the arm. "Come on-- let's go solve a murder."
Whatever Sherlock said to him, John thinks he deserved it. That, and ten times over.
"What is this, then?" he rasps, hands steepled and clenched. Because he doesn't know what this is, he doesn't know what John
who'd be heartless enough to freeze out a dog?
Several seconds ticked by again.
For a moment, John wants to just tug Sherlock up right now and get him down to Greg's police car. He does not
Piss off."
When this was all over-- when Sherlock was safe at Baker Street, and felt better, and this
That could've gone better.
"Productive night, then?" He picks up the stone cold tea with a loud clatter. He leaves the fucking biscuits. "Finally got some studying in, did you? So you think you can maybe give it a rest tonight?"
Sherlock had been trying to tell him this whole time. Sherlock had said everything but the word
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
Confusion winning out over still festering annoyance, Sherlock turned back, actually looking at John for the first time. "Of course," he said, because he wasn't sure what else to do. "She was not-stupid, and very interesting to talk to. Both those qualities are growing increasingly and supremely rare to find in a person, nowadays."
Lestrade winces, a pale grimace that looks just about as bad as John feels. He doesn't say anything else, just looks across the ridiculous room to Sherlock again, and John follows his gaze to look himself.
Sherlock did not answer for almost a minute, after that. He stayed down on the floor, his legs folded up like he was half his age, and bore another whack from the stuffed bee in complete silence. Clearly, what Sherlock was actually trying to say had not been heard.
But John has never wanted normal.
A warm, painful affection unfolds in his stomach, his throat suddenly tightening. Jesus Christ, he's about to cry. No. John breathes in harshly, swallowing as hard as he can, and smiles back at Sherlock with everything that he has in him.
John swallows, wrenching his breaths back under control. Once again, the very last thing he needs right now is to pass out or get sick. "Fine," he mutters, "I... I just really need to get home."
and if there's anybody who could get into trouble when he's meant to be drugged asleep with tranquilisers strong enough for a horse, it's
kill you. If you--"
He sets himself up on a stakeout at a Starbucks, the paper folded in his lap as he sits at the counter, picks at a muffin, and observes the bank across the street. John is not with him (shift at the surgery), and once the morning rush dies down, the cafe is almost empty. He picks at his muffin. He counts the minutes. He picks even more obsessively at the muffin.
Sherlock opens his mouth, slowly tasting the feel of the words, his lips and tongue dry and his throat sore again. It's painfully quiet, in here, details crushing in around him and the weight of the silence on his tongue.
medical conference to have ever been conceived.
John thinks, his hand flexing and tightening into a fist by his side.
that had happened
"I will be your consultant, if you need it. And you do. I've read your write-up for the last case we took concerning graduate-level chemistry and it was, as you say,
And one by one, he gathered his notes.
He now understands the fallacy there, of course. Because John was
Beside him, Sherlock went very, very still. The hand playing with his hair froze solid, and Sherlock's smile dropped in an instant.
He flits across the room to Donovan instead, all but dragging her with him without bothering to stop to ask. She stumbles in heels, a little startled yelp as she struggles for balance, but Sherlock's hands are already flying and all there is for her to do is keep up.
Sherlock shoves the file back to him without an attempt whatsoever to reply, and stalks out of the office with his mouth clenched shut and so disgusted with himself he wants to throw up.
had relationships. It wasn't
"...sorry," John repeats, the words desperately distant and tiny, echoing in his ears as if said from a hundred miles away.
But Sherlock flinched again, his fingers digging back deeply into his own arms. "I am never going back to school."
"Do you want to know about the case?"
Lestrade is saying something, his voice low and urgent, but the words don't filter in until Sherlock realises his own have died in his throat, flagging underneath the stab that goes all the way through his chest. He's short of breath and panting, and it
"I looked at his chart. He was in surgery for ten hours, Mycroft. Which means you found him even before that. He's been here since last night. But for some reason, I only got the call--" He makes a dramatic show of checking his watch, something close to absolute fury building in his chest, "
"You look. Um," John fumbled, his mouth suddenly dry. "Fine. Yeah. You look fine."
He vaguely recognised the look in Sherlock's eyes-- it was reminiscent of how the boy always seemed to look, at his most intoxicated, but this was... more, somehow. The hostility, the primal, aggressive hostility. He was like a wounded animal, licking its hurts in the corner and ready to lash out to prevent any more.
John couldn't blame him. He'd been just the same.
If you can call me across international borders for it, you can at least manage a fifteen minute taxi ride. I'm pretty sure I've taken care of him more than you have!" John rolled his eyes again, flapping an especially thick file in his direction. "Besides, I'm better at interpreting the bloodwork than you."
"All right," he says again. "Then let's get out of here."
"He's not... don't get me wrong. It's nothing
Sherlock huffed under his breath, and sunk into the earliest beginnings of a disbelieving sulk.
"Give me the truth, or you'll be eating that phone for breakfast."
Sherlock hadn't used to let John be in the room, when he went into the palace. Sherlock is so incredibly active and expressive, when he takes a trip through his own mind, whatever filters he so religiously employs in the day-to-day stripped away-- in some ways, this Sherlock is more genuine than anything else about him that he will ever see. Whatever files he sifts through in his head, he often waves his hands through them, right for John to see. Whatever revelations he has, they play out in full, beautiful display, right there on his clever face.
Sherlock blinked. Shook his head, dusting out the cobwebs. No,
Which is why John is completely and utterly sandbagged, when one morning Sherlock prances right up to his feet, ducks into his coat, and texts to John one single word:
He says the word like it's absurd, it's laughable, like the very thought of these people trying to hurt him is the funniest joke Sherlock has ever told. "You think I'm scared of of these shit pieces of human
"Everyone here seems to remember him very well," John said tightly. He clenched his jaw, digging his thumb into his pocket just to keep his hands still. "He was a student here twenty years ago, right? Do you usually remember all your students like that?"
"...Oh," he said.
before. He'd been eager to get into the scene, actually, wanting to get straight to work, until--
There's something about that, that makes John
and more to the point, John did not speak German, either. Though his presence still would've been appreciated. "Dublin. Or Italy. Don't remember- doesn't matter." He sat for a moment, considering, then snapped up to grab for the stacks on the other side of the room, the spark of an idea's ember catching fire. "He insisted on going to a conference. I don't know why, it sounded dreadfully boring, he even
all over Sherlock's shoulder in what had supposed to be
His original plan had been to take the call, and go. Now he couldn't even answer it. Now he just stood there, watching
pillow, and he's bone-tired, sore and cold all over, and the cab ride home has moved a sharp throbbing back into his chest, and he has never felt better in his life.
"--ridiculous! We just need a bloody doctor, you're all doctors, aren't you?!
Sherlock's mouth flattens, and the look on his face turns from calm boredom to something that edges on hostile.
you cunt."
"Mycroft," he snaps. He grits his teeth and his heart is pounding so hard it just might burst. "We don't section any bloke with anxiety that thinks therapists are crack pots. It's a traumatising thing, to override a patient's autonomy that severely. It's scary. It's
"Anything on?" he asks, when he just can't bear it anymore. "Maybe-- a case, or--"
It wouldn't be the first time that John had helped Sherlock shave. That dubious honor would go towards last year, when Sherlock had been in hospital, in too much pain to sit up straight and too drugged for fine motor skills involving a straight blade and his face. There'd been a lot of firsts, back then. Tasks John really should've just left to the nurses, but how could he have? It was
He tugged gently on his coat, wrapping it even tighter around himself, and forced his leaden feet to move.
The door to Sherlock's room swung back open, rhythmic footsteps pacing out on its heels. John looked up just in time to see Sherlock striding back into the sitting room, dressed... dressed like he always was. In his tailored trousers and shined shoes and the expensive shirt that was purposefully a size too small, his hair the ludicrous, shiny curls, his eyes bluer than the bloody shirt.
Sherlock unleashed another stream of unholy grumbling into the pillow, but he conceded with John's instruction easily enough, stretching around and out of his ball. He breathed a little bit deeper when his torso had the support, the strain in his jaw easing, but of course made no comment on it. John, well aware of just exactly
There was a null hypothesis, too.
And the disgusting thing is-- John thinks it just might work.
"John," Sherlock said suddenly. He sounded nervous again, nervous in a way that Sherlock had
It's infuriating when he doesn't want it. He is the smartest person in the room, in
It's like the final puzzle piece is dropping, at last clicked down into places of fighting it. Because that is the truth, right there, the truth that John has not wanted to acknowledge, and that Mycroft is in defiance of in coming here today.
Sherlock sits back and interlocks his fingers, still entirely unreadable. He looks unbothered by it all, as if Mycroft is discussing any other boring case that he wants nothing to do with.
"Even me."
but he can't do it.
"That wasn't why." He curled closer into himself, his knees pulled up and his face almost hidden behind them, his big, expressive eyes still watching John. "That wasn't... entirely why. It was... I only wanted to see if I could do it. Specifically with him. I wouldn't have seen him again after that night regardless, but you said I should do it and I... wanted to see if I was capable of it at all." He lowered his eyes again, his mouth twitching. "Experiment failed in that regard, I suppose."
He certainly did look better. He wasn't skin and bones anymore, or pasty white, or wilting under greasy hair or watering eyes. He was fully dressed and there was even a bit of product in his hair, and-- why was John noticing that? Why was John thinking about that?
"Sherlock? You all right over there, lad?"
Molly has turned around from her work. And Sherlock, so self-absorbed and selfish and
Seven years and this was all they'd had to do.
"Sherlock," he said quietly, kneading into a knot in his shoulders again. "Let's try this, all right? You'll go on your date, and the only thing you'll try to do is have a great time. You can talk about murder, and the skull, and whatever else you like, and if it puts him off, then, well, screw him."
For the first time that Sherlock can remember, upon being shot in the chest and left to die, John leaves for the night.
It was established in 2012 that Sherlock Holmes has an orbit, and John is his star. Texting Mycroft probably would've made that evening go infinitely easier than it had, yes- and?
There's a few beats of silence between them. Of shattered glass on the floor, and John's strong heart thudding against his thumbs.
He hasn't had a conversation with Sherlock in over four months.
He only wakes up at all with the spasm of Sherlock's leg, like a dog kicking in its sleep. It kicks John's own shin, and he turns over in the dim light, barely awake at all and feeling as if he's clawing his way out of a dark well.
"And then you turned up on my doorstep with a limp and a psychosomatic tremor. Purely coincidentally."
This is nothing. It is nothing at all, compared to what he has already seen. He was once a strung out idiot whose synapses were fried and his mind palace had been half-flooded, half-set on fire with the ever-present wreckage of cocaine. Even the mess that Sherlock knows he is now does not compare.
This is
This was what John had been doing, these past several weeks. This was why he'd been so distracted and especially affectionate all at once. He'd been in talks with Cambridge, and planning a bloody book.
his name and
John turned back to glance at Mycroft, gauging how long they had left. The politician held up two fingers, his face strained and pale, and John nodded. Two minutes. "Sherlock--" he started, increasingly reluctant, but he had to ask. "Can you wait until we get there? Do you have something with you right now?"
Sherlock wriggles his hand again, trying (and failing) to pull his left one from John's. His face is irritated now, but still calm, and Donovan rolls her eyes. "I've seen blood spatter like that before. That doesn't mean anything."
underneath the layers of anger and drugs?
Not the right way. The sort of way that he can't say aloud to him, because it's Not Good, and the sort of way that he knows John will never give back to him, because John is Not Gay. Which is quite all right. Sherlock's has died for John, has stood at his wedding, and now knows exactly what it feels like to die of a literal broken heart. He can easily live with this.
"Mycroft," John says. "Hello. No, it's nothing like that. Sherlock's right here, and just fine."
and John agreed. John fucking agreed.
"Sherlock," he repeats, very gently touching his hair. "Come on, love."
Onwards!!!
No, he's not. Not particularly. If this is meant to be an apology, it's not one that Sherlock had imagined. He doesn't think this is John's attempt to say
No answer.
Sherlock rolled his eyes, trying to blow
Sherlock grinned at his phone. A new, delighted warmth spread, filling him up from the inside out.
right then and there, and ended this.
"Sure you're not. And pigs fly."
Yes. He still can't speak. Yes, they still don't have an answer as to why.
he was supposed to smile-- "Sherlock Holmes."
man. And there'd been a moment, or... or much more than just one... where he'd wanted to kill Mary for it. Where he even might've done it, if she hadn't been carrying their child. His child.
John, this case promises to be interesting, it-"
Then he strode back across the restaurant, slid in a detour around Oscar's back, and instead toward the table of the two journalists from the Sun.
Alcohol does nothing more than bind to inhibitory receptors in the brain. It leaves doors unlocked in the palace without his permission, and tips files over to spill their contents all over the floor when he goes looking for them. Cocaine is an entirely separate beast and it is one of glorious stimulation. Cocaine is like flipping on all the lights at once, new connections spiderwebbing and blazing in neon rainbow to map across his entire brain. Alcohol does nothing but expose old, rotting foundation, the flaws inherent in what it is to be human, but
didn't want Sherlock to talk about how Oscar had treated him as
Why would John care, anyway? John wasn't his assistant.
"But I--"
The crux of the matter was, John wasn't going to have that happy ending. Not with Sherlock, not in that way.
The Sherlock he'd met years ago at Barts never, ever, would've needed that. The mere offer would've confused him. If he'd been bored or agitated during a dinner, he'd have just stood up and left, excuse be dammed. He probably would've come right out and said
He nodded again, satisfied. "Good." He gave Sherlock a kiss on the cheek, just one more, and then dropped back down to sit in the cab.
Thank you all for the comments/kudos!!! It's been an absolutely wonderful ride for me, and I'm glad so many of you had fun along the way as well!!!
Sherlock hiccuped again, his breaths unsteady. "I called Mycroft," he stammered again, "I didn't... John. It's fine, I know you're not gay, it's fine, I don't--"
Why isn't he saying anything?
Ella waited politely a moment longer. For some justification, perhaps; at least an explanation as to why.
Then, his breaths snarling out, he snatched his hands forwards. One for the tea, one for the ice. He hugged both close, tucking back into himself and refusing to look at Greg. Nothing about him looked remotely okay in any way.
and in return for not saying as such to the public, I get to use her cottage in Sussex whenever she's not there." He leaned his head back again and massaged deeply at the bridge of his nose, like trying to rub away a building headache. "And for the last time, just because The Woman slept in my bed doesn't mean I slept in hers."
Yes. John." Sherlock breathes in again, and John drops a hand from his face to squeeze his arm around him instead. Oh,
Sherlock giggled again, the way only Sherlock could. So deep, like he was a big, growling cat, low-pitched and sexy but right now, it was much more alarming than it was endearing. "I didn't... Mycroft. Mycroft?"
The sheet is full. It is full of borrowed words, not really his own, the passages stilted and awkward, someone who is learning how to speak rather than composing a monologue. He's not sure he'd be able to play it if he even tried. The difference between composing and playing, isn't it; he can do one now, but he's not so sure he can do the other.
Dr. Small just shrugged, his gaze lowered back down to his desk in ill-disguised boredom. "I think I'll live."
His phone buzzes.
He just wants Sherlock.
Sherlock jerked his head up, in the exact same breath as Victor flinched.
to be here for a case-
"Then make her look like she's twenty! Plenty of them dress like it nowadays; make her look like she's twenty. Make her as bloody smart as you. What would you think if he started dating her?"
He looked horrendous, and absolutely beautiful.
Sherlock relocated to the sofa instead, his back to the room and his stomach a sour knot.
"Oh." Sherlock accepted the shirt now draped over his arm, and then he just stood there and stared at it. The look on his face was actually a bit vacant, like he had never seen a shirt before and didn't know what to do with it. "What jacket do I wear with it?"
Maybe, he acquiesced, with gritted teeth and a heavy heart, this was the best he was going to get.
Instead, his friend is quiet.
and nothing at all more.
Neither happens, though it seems only to be because John is caught between the two. "God, what the hell are you doing out here," he mutters, on his knees beside him, and an attempt at a hug turns into a gruff cough and measuring of his pulse. "You're not an ice cube, at least. All right. Come on, let's see the ankle."
come out of this okay.
But Mycroft does not reply, letting the words simply pass him by with no reaction at all. He sends a glance up the stairs, as if to make quite sure that Sherlock hasn't appeared to listen in.
"That's
The little whimpers he makes, "Oh, god,
Sherlock just about came off the floor as a helium balloon, inflated and euphoric and floating with sheer liquid excitement, and John knew he was gone.
Greg opened the door to his flat at one in the morning, well past his bedtime and very far past the limits of his patience, to find that on his doorstep was one very bedraggled, very disheveled, very tired Sherlock Holmes.
It's annoying. It's so
"Oh, is it? I'm so happy for you, Sherlock. Anything at all for His Nibs." John flashes him another smile, settling back into what he has claimed as his chair. "I moved back into Baker Street today."
But John isn't quite observant enough to notice, and instead just continues on his nonsense mission to rally Sherlock, as if his appearance here hadn't done the whole job already. "You'll be home before Christmas," he assures, nudging his hand again. "Believe it or not. And I'll be nice, this year. Won't even make you go to a party." Then he stops, and his own smiles starts to fall. "...To be honest, I don't think I'll want much to do with people either, this time around."
He didn't want to. He didn't want to
on his arm, and so, so far away.
"I agree," she said easily. "I believe the danger was very real. That also doesn't change my assessment."
people aren't supposed to
That wasn't jealousy. That was what a best friend was supposed to do, wasn't it? To someone who ruined said best friend's
But Mycroft paid John no attention whatsoever. Mycroft continued tearing through the sitting room like a man possessed, dislodging Sherlock's mail, and his books, and his dressing gown, and the skull. "If Sherlock was clean," he hissed, crisp and angry, "then he would not be entertaining this man right now." He shut a drawer with a snap and moved on, now crossing to the bookshelf and starting flipping through one by one. "Unless this, too, was your doing?"
He has been attempting renovations for the past several months, but his efforts have been paltry and sad. They are nothing but pathetic, standing here now, looking out at the devastation torn through the halls of his own mind. He has been reluctant and hesitant, because he does not want to do what must be done. The wreckage can not be cleaned. The relevant files must be saved, and he must build a new wing, one that is entirely from scratch. He must clear away the destroyed bits of himself entirely, and use what remains to create the foundations for something new. One that did not endure what he did, and is not scarred and beaten from being burned down from within to protect John.
John can't stand the silence. He wants to stay with Sherlock, and feels absolutely dreadful for leaving him like this, but he can't take it anymore. He can't take having zero response from Sherlock to tell him that what he's doing is helping. He can't take looking after a hyperventilating doll for hours and the only answer Sherlock is still able to give him is nothing beyond a dull, miserable nod.
Lestrade finally let his shoulder go, his hand gone cold and clammy. He's looking at him in a way that's just
"Mmm." He grumbles back into John's mouth, tasting his lips and tongue and teeth. "I sound... likean idiot."
Sherlock hurls himself miserably onto his side, tucked into the tightest ball that he can with his back to the room and his
Even if a relationship with Sherlock was possible, which it wasn't, and even if he'd be good for Sherlock, which he wasn't-- John wasn't so sure it was what he wanted. Not right now.
and walking that far was, at the moment, not going to happen.
, Sherlock. Because I can't fucking do this if every time I turn around you've gotten yourself hurt and it's because you did it to help me."
If he can't do this today, there is always tomorrow. If he can't wait until tomorrow, there is always today.
The motions made the lump of oversized clothes wearing thin shift as he uncurled just a little for the first time, and for the first time, Greg was able to see that he'd been holding something close to his chest this entire visit. A newspaper. This entire time, he had been cradling a newspaper, hugging it to his stomach without letting it go. A newspaper? Was there a case in there that he had some deduction for? Was that why he was here?
John would be grateful for it, if not for the rage steadily building behind his eyes that's so violent he can barely even think.
Oh, let's be honest. He lost count of the days after spending x number of them drugged unconscious, and y number
Milgram sat innocently on their shared desk. Sherlock, once again, considered setting it on fire.
"Yes," Sherlock said again, almost too quickly. He nodded once, then again and again. "You and Watson are always welcome here, John."
He loved him so
He didn't care.
A little comment I wanted to make as we go on-- John definitely is being a bit rough here! But what's going on in his head is that if the relationship had been abusive, of course Sherlock would simply say so. Because Sherlock is not saying so, and is in fact implying it at least ended amicably, he's not yet considering it as an option, and is instead rationalizing things that worry him about it, like the age difference. Basically, it's the same Sherlockian plan that we got through most of the series-- Sherlock withholds crucial information from John, and John misinterprets the situation as much better/safer than it actually is as a result, because making the leap to assume the horrible twist that Sherlock has left out on his own is ridiculous.
(See the end of the chapter for
was one impulse, but the whole of it was
Sherlock inhaled again, still tasting the very faintest scent of ash and sweat and chlorinated pool water. He swallowed, testing out the unfamiliarity and uncertainty of a smile of his own.
He has not consciously allowed himself to make noise in eight months. The last sounds he willingly made were pathetic, earsplitting screams, a wretched wail that tore at his own throat as his arm was snapped right underneath his back. That is the very last sound he made before he threw himself into the depths of the palace, locked the door, and started to set fire to all the corridors that were too dangerous to keep.
He does have quite a lot to say, doesn't he?
Sherlock blinks slowly at him again. Very slowly and deliberately, his sharp eyes flickering over John in a dozen deductions a second.
His catlike eyes are half-lidded and glazed, silvery grey that rove sightlessly across the ceiling. They're watering easily, not tears but a simple biological reaction to being shut for so long and drugged so heavily, and John moves to thumb one trail away. His face is still freezing.
, and Mycroft answered the call with a look of sheer trepidation.
Sherlock doesn't want to lie to John anymore.
Over two cups of bitter tea, in a completely overturned sitting room, books on the floor and Sherlock's skull on its side, and with Mycroft settled in Sherlock's chair.
Tomorrow. He'll say more tomorrow.
John rolled his eyes, not looking particularly impressed. "Yeah, well, turns out when a girl asks for an exciting date, she means to the new Thai place instead of Italian. She's not quite so keen on being kidnapped by-" He broke off to scowl, his mouth twitching as he rubbed at his eyes again. "-Korean bloody mobsters."
It was an odd feeling-- this new, smoldering resentment at Mary. Because he'd watched that DVD, all right. He'd watched the night Sherlock had nearly been strangled to death in his own hospital bed. And then he'd watched it again, the night after. He'd watched it again and again, his anger growing more and more each time, until he'd snapped the bloody thing over his knee and thrown the pieces into the fire.
"Sherlock--"
He'd breathe for Sherlock and give him his heartbeat if he could make this better.
I said about romantic entanglement, Sherlock, if we decided we were happier like this, then that's
Seb looks as if he's swallowed a golf ball, and Sherlock is stuffed so full of euphoria he could burst.
of taking steps back, he is
Or maybe this wasn't about Dr. Andrews after all.
Another moment of silence.
mind palace, and he let these vultures, these insipid collections of foul scum, these
with your doctor, Sherlock, not-"
"'N you know what the... you
He has done
John sighs, staring down at his hands. Sometimes, it's a struggle to find the words himself. "It's day by day," he settles on, watching Sherlock flit about just out of the corner of his eye. "Some being better than others."
Mycroft is negotiating with an assassin, and
He was supposed to be irritated, he was supposed to be threatening to leave his phone at home next time he had a date, he was supposed to be threatening to hide his cigarettes and pay the city off to not sell him anymore.
John doesn't want this. And
Jim Moriarty dies shot through the head for the second time. This time, John knows. Everything else, he feels it in the beats of his veins, everything else thrums inside him, he
"I would have," Sherlock said sharply. John glanced at him to find him sat even more upright and his hands curled together in his lap, gone tense, as if electrified. He blinked at John and swallowed, some of the fervor cooling, but the promise underneath it held fast. "I suspected she never would, of course. I observed and didn't deduce any warning signs of potential violence directed at you or Watson. But if there had been, John. If there had ever been--"
"You are special, you know," he said, leaning his face back against Sherlock's. "You are incredible and amazing and the most special person I'll ever meet, and it's not at all just because of how smart you are. You could lose half your brain cells tomorrow and you'd still be just the same amazing idiot that I love today."
Mind bleach, please. Or for another bomb to go off in the flat. Either one would be welcome, at this point.
He was... tired. Of putting himself out there, and-- it ending in him getting pummeled. Every time. Even his friendship with Sherlock. It was tumultuous and terrifying, and he had no way of knowing which phone call would be the one telling him that Sherlock was in hospital, 50/50 chance because of something the mad git had done to himself. If Sherlock would decide to take another purposeful fall off a rooftop, or overdose again, or get himself hit by a car, or whatever the fuck it was that went through his genius brain, usually all on purpose. Which day would be the last.
Sherlock doesn't care. He's still
Sherlock stands in a barebones, depressing corridor. The rest of the palace at his back is ornate and opulent and luxurious, but what stretches out before him now is tired and ugly. The functions of an exhausted, sleep deprived mind, that did not have it in him to tear open great glass windows, or sunny skylights, or curtains that flutter in warm breezes that are just the same pattern as Baker Street. The doors are heavy, industrial, each one bolted shut and locked three different ways, and the waiting door behind him is ready to be locked shut as well and branded with all the warnings he has to stay that way.
Sherlock's not even on the board.
John took a deep breath, trying to swallow back his own nausea, his own fury, his own disgust. He felt sick at heart.
and keep Sherlock happy, because right now, he wasn't.
"Sherlock,
. "I didn't love her. But she--"
And the next step is--
"Don't use senseless metaphors. There is no cat, and there is no bag." Sherlock frowned at the letter again, unease whispering in his ears. John: keeping a secret from him. With
Sherlock is on his feet and panting, his nostrils flared and eyes blown wide in incandescent fury. He looks like a wild animal, almost, chalk pale and all corded and tense, and god, there's no other word for it-- he's frightened. Oh, he's angry as all hell, and he'd be shouting if he had his voice and he might just start shouting anyway, through sheer stubbornness and fury alone. But he's frightened. Sherlock Holmes is frightened.
switch back to
Francis is watching him quite closely, his eyes lingering on the long string of text he can see scrawled from where he sits opposite. Sherlock glances through the words again, sentimental nonsense, all of them, and simply shakes his head, turning to another clean page. No.
"After I've already come all this way? Don't be ridiculous."
: Sherlock Holmes. I don't know what you remember about last night, so that's all that I know to tell you-- I am head over heels in love with you, and I am so sorry it took me so long to tell you." John took another risk, but if he thought about it, it wasn't really a risk at all. He reached out across the table to hold one of Sherlock's hands, just because it was there, just because he
Bloodstain by smear of filth by crumbling pillar, he clears the disgusting trash from his palace.
They take another step together down the hall, John warm and
know you're pulling background checks on everyone in my life? I wonder if your
Sherlock inhales a mouthful of soup.
Sherlock smiled wanly back. "This," he said, gesturing, with something that just might've been a smirk. "We're two for two now, on...
too, in case you forgot, and-"
He slumps forward in defeat instead.
Is that you?"
He let Sherlock handle the shaving cream, partly because he knew that he could, mostly just to avoid touching his face as much as possible. Sherlock probably could deduce how uncomfortable he was, but for once the genius kept his mouth shut about it. He must have really wanted his face clean. Surely, John could provide at least
It is simple, spoken language. He just-- opens his mouth, and sound comes out. Human beings have been doing it ever since they evolved out of the ocean; even since before they evolved into
"I think it's supposed to," he said finally. "I think it does, when you find the right person."
to do the right thing, he had Mycroft come crawling up to treat him like dirt?
"Don't do this. Just... don't do this now, Sherlock."
he has done, he is still reduced to sitting here, scrawling everything that he wants to say on a crinkled legal pad? He sits at his lowest point, actually
What are you doing?!"
sculptures to adorn the grounds with and executive bonuses. Perish the thought immediately that they actually care about their students." He tsked his tongue again, glaring between the floors display and his watch. "As if it would
John is back that evening.
He forced a smile, bit by bit. Every inch felt like swallowing a lemon, but he did it anyway, and he joined Sherlock at his side, gently prodding him into the street with just a wave of his phone. "One hour," he promised.
Sherlock narrows his silvery eyes, once again reminding John of a great panther cat. Even if he could speak, he looks like he'd rather just sit there and glare at Mycroft until he leaves. Mycroft seems quite content to meet his silent glaring right back.
He can't do that, so he does the second best, instead.
(See the end of the chapter for
His head is cradled and stroked and coddled, cushioned against something soft, and he can hear breathing in his ear. John's breaths. He's being held against John's chest with his ear pressed to his lungs, and his hands have been folded to feel John's heartbeat. In, and out. In, and out.
without it? Told his probably asexual best friend that after everything he'd just done for John, he still needed to go out and get shagged to count as human?
He wants to go
"Sherlock?"
His fingers curled into each other again, nails digging into the skin. He was disgusted enough with himself to throw up.
And that is exactly the trap. Or challenge, perhaps. If it is not something that
asking for is for you to just let me know--" He almost kicks the nearest streetlamp, looking absolutely furious. "God damn it, why don't you ever
John groans.
"No. No, it was fine. Nothing that relevant for you, I think, though I'll see what Sherlock has to say."
"Accountant now, actually. The teacher broke up with me, remember? Because you couldn't remember her name."
"Okay," he said easily. "Let me know, yeah? Either way is fine with me." He got to his feet, patting Sherlock's shoulder on his way by. "You want to order in, tonight? Thai okay?"
He slams the door back to Sherlock's room so loud it rattles on the hinges. His heart is pounding so hard he can barely see and his breaths hiss out of control, a pressure crushing down on his chest like the weight of an elephant. He still wants to break something.
Vengeance, as it turns out, tastes like cheap tar, poison in his lungs, and the intoxicating rush of nicotine.
been meant to do? His own life, for John's happiness? He'd have sacrificed it willingly. He had. But she'd looked at him and seen someone just as expendable as Oscar had and now she was dead.
"Can you hear me, Sherlock? It's me. It's John." He watches his face, very, very closely, but there's not a single twitch. John hesitates, hand hovering as he searches for the safest place to touch. In the end, he settles on nudging the backs of his fingers to one narrow shoulder. "It's okay if you can't say so. You're on some pretty heavy drugs. But I know you, yeah? I bet there's something in there that's awake. You're tolerant to everything under the sun."
He squirms backwards on the sheets, looking away, to anywhere but at John.
"I'm going to require many cups of tea, when I come home," Sherlock says, because the point needs some slight editing, to make it palatable for John. "And much pampering. I won't be satisfied if you just keel over."
" Sherlock nuzzled his head into him again, considering. "I won't be able to look after Milgram, obviously. That'll be on you."
Have you two finally got on with it, then
Something tells John this is not a particularly happy story, or one that has a particularly happy ending.
He wants it back, and there are rocks in his throat. He swallows around ground glass and he's drowning in his own blood.
"You... deleted it?" John tilts his head, trying to understand. "Deleted what?"
Honey:
The sounds of his footsteps down to the street were loud and obtrusive into the silence, the swing of the door shut downstairs nails on a chalkboard. Sherlock stayed curled on his side, squeezed into a ball now so he no longer had to fight the cushions for space, exhaustion and fury and an anxious sort of squirming fear all torn inside his stomach. And John...
"You've been sitting there for the past two hours, trying to decide whether or not you ought to bring up that you have a date tonight. Frankly, by this point, even I can see it's a bit rude; you should've texted her long ago if you really didn't intend to go." He gave his violin a sharp strum, catching his fingers in the chalky strings, and John just kept on sitting there staring at him and for god's sake, this was
So it takes him longer than it should, to realise that John is not.
" he's still muttering, "you can do fucking
"Sorry," John croaks, red-eyed, flushed, and absolutely miserable. Which is ridiculous, because Sherlock's not quite sure what John thinks he even has to be sorry for.
Another reaction to severe trauma, and a symptom that is most common in small children.
"He's a second-rate researcher. I have no respect for his science, and I have no tolerance for stupid people. You know this."
Sherlock scanned the restaurant, his eyes narrowed as they slid over Oscar again and again, filtering deductions in until he found what he was searching for. He sniffed once, tugging hard on his coat, trying to sober himself up on the feel of the Belstaff alone. It had been easier to shower off a high with Janine.
Mycroft's minion has been replaced by Mrs. Hudson, when he opens his eyes again.
But he wonders, sometimes. He thinks about what it might be like, if for these past eleven months, the suffocating silence of the flat had been broken by the panting and skittering paws of a dog.
"The offer stands, then," he murmurs, his voice like ice. He nods once at Sherlock, in a way that is not pleasant at all. "Brother mine. Dr. Watson."
and he keeps it out of his voice with every fiber of his being. "Are you with me? It's all right, it's only me. It's John. Take a deep breath, now."
And then the other--
He rubs the heel of his hand to his chest, swallowing hard, and has to struggle not to feel sick when his next breath is shallow and an anxious sweat creeps up the back of his neck.
in his own little internal catastrophe, as always, has not noticed. He's sat here making a complete and utter fool of himself, and she's stood there watching it for god only knows how long. Him just gaping and gasping like a brainless goldfish on land,
This time, he wasn't going to let him down.
aren't evidence, they're barely more than suppositions-- Holmes!"
you know enough sodding judges and doctors to force it, but it will only make him worse, and then you'll only have yourself to blame."
It could be a case. He could still backtrack, walk away, set fire to the paper, and never mention this again. John thinks it's a case. It could be a case. He could cancel the appointment entirely and not go at all. It's a fair reason to cancel; he has a sick partner, of course he must stay home. Yes. He should cancel, he should absolutely cancel. It's not a big deal. It's only one appointment. Francis would understand. He should cancel, and then set fire to this note and never write it again, and then-- then--
He obviously believes he can do it; if he didn't, why else would he have tried to get their attention? And that's the biggest hurdle, isn't it, getting Sherlock to actually believe in himself? He only has to go just a little bit further, just one word, that's all he needs, just one word. John knows it. He only needs just one word to break through and he's trying. He's so close. He can
John ends the call without another word, then sits back in his chair, and returns to his tea.
"It's... yes. It is." The grad student behind him coughed, and there was a rustle of papers again. Still shuffling through the pile in his hands; still barely even listening to Sherlock. "But I really don't think you're a good fit, for Dr. Wilson's lab. We need to move on now, all r--"
and that he's
Next up, back with our regularly scheduled programming, the John and Mycroft-ex-machina conversation. I'll have that up in two days, I promise, and with that we'll be over the final hurdle. We've almost made it!
he did, but nothing was different at all. Except my stomach hurt, because I wasn't supposed to be drinking at all, and..."
The stab that went through his stomach when Sherlock let the call go to voicemail was
"If Oscar makes me feel like this then John can only be worse. He could kill me, Myc'oft. And I'd let him do it. He can have everything, Mycroft," Sherlock sobbed, his voice muffled again, "I'd give him
Sherlock sighed.
"I did say comparatively. No, Watson, we do not eat our stuffed animals. But no, I meant--" His voice dropped even lower and he hunched a bit into himself, still folded up on the floor. John placed the cup of tea in the chair next to him, and Sherlock ignored it completely. "He has always been much more capable at reading and accurately responding to social cues than me. He thinks they are a waste of time, but he is at least capable of it, when the situation demands. It's why he recognised Oscar for what he was and I did not."
John glares at Mycroft, his heart thudding and close to breaking in his chest. On one hand, Mycroft has only done good today-- Mycroft has brought news that all of the people who've done this to Sherlock are dead, and Sherlock
"John Watson," he pants, "we're looking for John Watson-- Sherlock, lad, I told you to wait for me, come on--"
He was a horrible, wretched person, he took and took and took, and he turned everything he touched to mud, and in that one single instant he could've done it again. He wanted to rip Victor's name right out of his mouth. He could've killed Oscar right there in the middle of the restaurant and enjoyed it.
Mycroft stares at him, going ever increasingly red, and Sherlock's own anger finally prods into indignation.
If it didn't go well, John decided. Then he'd very gladly break the bloke's nose.
So, he just needs to... actually say it, now.
Of bloody
After what he's already been through?
He shouldn't have hit the officer. He realises that now, staring at where his knuckles are red and sore, wrapped around Sherlock's thin wrist. There's a lot of people at fault for this, but he shares perhaps the least of the blame. He was only doing his job, and Greg should've made sure everyone at the scene knew Sherlock's face before allowing a man that couldn't speak in his own defense to prance around the old house. John should've made sure to keep a closer watch.
Lestrade joins John on the couch, a few exchanges into the conversation. They share a grim smile, but John knows what's underneath shows on his face, and the inspector's encouraging grin fades as soon as it had come.
Sherlock sniffed and hiccuped again. He sounded stuck somewhere between hysterical and choking on his own laughter, and the worry expanded in John's chest until it crushed him.
because cluedo doesn't bloody count, and I want to go
John knows the very last thing he should do right now is touch Sherlock. But he also knows the way his arm is pinned behind him is causing him no small amount of pain, and it would be unbearably cruel, to make Sherlock have to fight through not only his own fear but that pain as well, to make it back to him. "It's okay," he says again, turning through the keys; his hands are clammy but steady and he's so
He sat down and he kissed Sherlock on the mouth.
Sherlock continues his silent, seething stare-down. He clearly has absolutely no desire to unfold from the sofa, and he's not about to let John so much as an inch away, either.
John spent several seconds staring alternately between Sherlock and the house plant, a very unusual, prickly thing, an array of red-backed green leaves that were durable and hardy. In their native habitat, they had much use as a building and storage material. There was any number of experiments that Sherlock could do, with the leaves of a
Sherlock squeezes his eyes shut, his breaths wrenching in through clenched teeth and his heart suddenly pounding in his ears. He digs his hands deeper into the warm fur instead, listening to Bosco pant. He's just slightly dizzy, like the grass underneath his feet has turned to liquid, and the air is hot and humid and cloying, and he has to hang on to Bosco's neck for dear life.
"I'm going to need a science consultant no matter what," John started again. The way his eyes were watching him was very careful, almost wary, but at least he did not let go of Sherlock's hand. "Inorganic chem isn't really a focus in med school and I'm a bit over my head, to tell you the truth. I can find someone else if you'd prefer, but... if you wanted to help me in properly sorting everything, then it'd be really appreciated. I think Oscar's organisational system is worse than yours."
John sighs. He figures he can give Sherlock this much, at least, but he's also not exactly keen on just sitting here, waiting to see who will be the first to break this staring contest. He wants to get Sherlock to bed. "Right, then," he announces, clearing his throat. "Why are you here, Mycroft?"
And John can't stand it.
Assuming there aren't guns involved. Angelo does get a tad bit annoyed, when there are shoot-outs on the street outside his restaurant, but... other than that. Perfect.
"Well," Francis begins again, very solemn, "as I've said before, the two are closely related. You've already expressed yourself how it is that you lost your voice for him. It only makes sense that he would be a helpful support network now, as you try to recover it."
face.
He sees the prickly, on edge hostility, and all he can think is how hurt Sherlock has to be underneath it, to lash out after nothing more than an offer of morning tea?
(And if he really wants to push the metaphor, Magnussen is a bystander ready to upend the whole board, but thinking about Magnussen tends to set off the blood pressure monitor again, so. No go.)
It really is a pity that the shirt is ruined.
"Mil..." John furrowed his brow, at last roused. He shifted minutely in his chair, his hand still half-covering his face. "I'm sorry, what?"
Sherlock has been missing for one week. That's it. That's all. Just-- just the one.
he can barely see straight. "I'm going to touch your arm now, Sherlock. Right here. This is me. Sorry, I know it hurts; you'll feel better in just a tick."
Sherlock ducked immediately right back around another corner.Perhaps if he removed himself from view... perhaps if he simply pretended he had not heard...
Two and a half.
He couldn't deduce what it was.
"Look at this. Who sent you lilies? Who thought you liked lilies? All these flowers- and you don't want a single one of them, do you? Not a single one from your brother, I'm sure." There's bustling about; more displeased muttering about the state of his room as a florist's shop. By the sound of it, she trashes Janine's tulips. They'd been wilting. Courtesy of John pretending they did not exist.
"This would make you happy?" he asked quietly. "If I did this?"
and that's the problem--
You are perfectly fine exactly the way you are. But--" He moved closer to him still, holding Sherlock's gaze even through how clear it was that he wanted to break away. "But
It takes another minute or two, of Sherlock's great, heaving sobs of breath, John waiting behind him. He can't touch him yet, no matter how badly he wants to. He clenches his fists and keeps himself stock still and he waits, talking him down with only the trembling of his thin back to go off of.
Sherlock glares back, his own irate fury rising like a tide in his stomach. He keeps his mouth shut and his hands still out of defiance alone. Mycroft knows the answer.
Sherlock went perfectly still, revulsion prodded into his chest. It felt like he just been punched in the stomach.
Toothpaste and/or mouthwash are both too far away to bother. He drags himself back over to the sofa and collapses back down, huddling underneath the blanket and shivering. He feels empty and scraped hollow, his insides aching as his legs trembled with every step and his throat now throbs.
Sherlock waves a dismissive hand.
Sherlock nodded jerkily once, his little finger bouncing again against the table. "I had no need for a piece of paper to call me a chemist and by that point I had no respect for anything Cambridge could give me. I walked out and I promised myself over a toast of cocaine I would never step foot back on that campus as long as Oscar was still employed there."
This wasn't something he should have to tell Sherlock. This
John tends to be good, about disguising his own reactions. When he wants to, at least. His smile drops like a light, but there's nothing there to replace it, either. The line of his jaw goes tight and his hands crinkle into the legal pad, wearing wrinkles into the sheets, but it is only because Sherlock knows John's mannerisms so well that he can see the building storm.
This is my job."
"Oh, nothing," he says. "Nothing at all."
Sherlock leaned silently onto him, motionless and just breathing through the silence. He let John's hand trail up and down his back, and for just a moment, he felt Sherlock smile, very slightly, into his shoulder.
He is the worst boyfriend, he is the-- fuck, where
John raises an eyebrow, challenging the truth out of him while saying nothing. The look on his face is warm and smart and perfection personified.
"What?" Sherlock said suddenly. He hauled his head up off the sofa to laser focus on John. "You thought I was what?"
They start with the standard, and slowly progress to the more and more unlikely. The first outside consultant to be called in is an ear, nose, and throat physician that John rather suspects works in the day at Buckingham Palace, and she wastes no time at all in palpitating Sherlock's pale neck and looking down his throat.
For god's sake-- "I'm talking about
It is all true. He can blame Mycroft for a great many things, but how this case had first played out has never been one of them. It was his own missteps. His own failure. His own decisions, that, as he has told John, he would make again.
John was quiet for another moment, watching him as his smile fell. "I'd also really like to write a chapter about you," he said finally. "But only if you're all right with it, Sherlock. You're only involved as much as you want to be and if you'd rather not be in it or even if you don't want me to write the book at all, that's okay."
His nails dug a sharp scratch into the crook of his own arm.
for reasons he was still struggling to properly discern. After all, as John had been so quick to illustrate on this case, they were not friends. They were flatmates, with John occasionally conscripted into the role of live-in physician. John was not supposed to care like this. But he did. He did, and it was going to be an ongoing experiment to best thoroughly understand why.
Sherlock solves three cold cases without getting out of bed, considers braining himself on the nearest sharp edge he can find, and hacks into NSY.
and it's like he doesn't even care!
Sherlock curls himself even tighter around the curve of John's arm, pressing his cheek to the muscle of it. He can not help it; he laughs, he smiles and swallows and silently laughs into his arm, and he feels even lighter when John finally softens to smile back.
Greg didn't bother to even try to look surprised. Or abashed, for that matter. He shrugged a little, an extremely obvious and graceless affirmation, and Sherlock
Sherlock has left the lights off, so John follows his lead, crouching across from him in the dark. He's still panting and trembling like mad, his eyes tracing John like a hawk's. Something about his face warns him to stay back.
It's his violin.
It was just how everything had been before, he realised dully. Made to stand out and feel important. Feel that someone thought he was
around here, can you believe it, I've actually missed the racket you used to make up here? And John! John is going to be so
John kisses him again, pressing his face to the hollow of his throat, and the very, very end of a scar. He kisses him and kisses him until Sherlock all but comes off the bed, filled with buoyant joy and satisfaction, because John
John glances back at him, prepared with a grim smile, but the look of genuine worry on his face is enough to make him soften. Sherlock certainly makes it difficult, what with holding nearly the entire world at the most hostile and rude arms' length imaginable-- but Greg truly does care about him. Sherlock pretends to be nothing more a career-boosting consultant, to him, but Greg does what he can to look after him. Whether Sherlock accepts it or not.
John looks back at him, and it feel like his heart is shattering all over again.
Make me earn it. And don't--" He closed his own eyes for a moment, blinking back the sting. "I want to promise you that I'll never do this to you again but clearly I can't, because this isn't even the first time. But that's what I want to do. I want to be able to promise you that something like this will never happen again and that's what I'm trying to do with Ella. Sherlock,
He's heard it all before, all of these useless, well-meaning platitudes. Sitting here mute and useless ten months after the fact isn't because he is crazy or a freak or abnormal, it is an understandable
Healing tissue is absolutely fascinating, and it's something he's able to experiment with so
He smiled fondly, and settled Sherlock's arm back more comfortably on the mattress. "You'll be fine," he murmured. "Probably with one hell of a headache tomorrow, I think. But that's okay. This is just a small setback. You'll feel better soon, and then we'll manage this, yeah? We'll manage this tomorrow, together. No more secrets."
And he composes.
"Right, then," Francis says at length, when Sherlock makes very, very clear with his silence that he is not going to address what he was asked, or what he has written. "So we'll move on. Have you had any further luck, with trying violin?" He waits through another annoyed shake of his head and nods himself, considering. "I thought as much. I had another idea about that, then-- you've said you haven't been able to play since you lost your voice. Have you given any thought towards composing?"
WhhhHHooPS looks like I spilled a bit of angst all into your fluff salad...
Sherlock curls himself back closer around his pillow and says nothing.
Do you understand me?"
John doesn't date Sarah Sawyer. Sherlock tells John when he's strangled in Soo Lin Yao's flat, and John touches his neck with soft, gentle fingers, and they go on a date to the Chinese circus and both get the lights punched out of them by dancing acrobats. He'd say it's the best first date in the history of recorded time, but it's the only one that Sherlock has bothered to archive.
" and he lets him go just to stalk back and forth, tearing at his hair, "but you'd think
Truly mind-boggling, this caring lark-)
Sherlock is a very tactile, responsive person. Or, he was. Before... before. Before, he'd loved to just tangle all over John. Oh, it had taken a little while, to wear down his filters and layers of restraint, but once he'd managed to convince Sherlock that wanting affection was something even superhuman geniuses were allowed-- he
spelling--
He discounted this plan, because Mrs. Hudson probably would actually murder him if he burned down her flat for the sake of an 'experiment'.
He's not ready for this.
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
Sherlock downed the whiskey from his hand in a single gulp, and crossed back to ball in his armchair without another word.
"You clearly think it's something, or you wouldn't have asked."
"It's my fault," he rasps. "This happened because of me."
And now: onwards! :D
"Do homework... you went to Cambridge?" John asked. Of course Sherlock had gone to the top schools in the country. "You never mentioned that."
And now, we get to Ranowa's grudge against upper academia and one of the original inspirations for the fic transparently beginning to play itself out...
The inspector starts for Sherlock's right side, leaving John to keep a hold on his injured arm. "Can you stand?" he tries gently, but Sherlock yanks his hand out of his grip as if burned. "Sunshine--"
He said the words with an air of finality, putting the conversation, or at least this topic of it, at a decisive end. Whatever it was that he knew, he clearly didn't want to talk about it behind Sherlock's back, and John couldn't make him. And he didn't like it, not at all, but... he also did have a point. If this man had hurt Sherlock somehow, Greg definitely wouldn't be keeping silent about it now. Hell, if this man had hurt Sherlock, Greg was, again, right-- Sherlock wouldn't exactly be going on a date with him now, would he? Of course not.
off now, but John pushed his chair just close enough to kiss the corner of his mouth and didn't let him. Because he could do this, now. He was allowed to kiss Sherlock, and it was as impossible as it was incredible. "Come on. I
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
Sherlock was balled up on the sofa, huddled underneath blankets with his back to the room and his face stuffed into a pillow. John stepped into the flat to relieve Mrs. Hudson, and found their landlady waiting for him in Sherlock's chair, a magazine in her hands and slowly draining a cup of tea. She shook her head sadly at John, plainly unhappy, and John's spirits dropped as soon as he'd gotten them up.
But--
"Hell, no." John glances at him again, still just a little breathless. The look on his face is perfection incarnate. "Come here."
"So?"
He just about gets drawn and quartered for the proposal. The number of Mycroft's goons outside his room doubles, and his brother swears if he tries anything again, he will contact the parental unit.
himself. "Dull." He pursed his lips and re-steepled his hands, like he was physically wrapping them around whatever stress he still had and trapping it there, pressing it into nothing. "My point is simply that I was... trepidatious. Enough so to listen. I told Mycroft to piss off, of course, it was none of his business, but-- I tried to take the doctor seriously. I went to see Oscar as soon as I was released, and he'd heard what happened, of course, and he was appropriately worried about me. So I thought it would go well, when I tried to tell him I had to cut back. I told him I couldn't stay late in lab for him anymore, and I couldn't teach his classes that semester either. Which I wasn't supposed to even be doing anyway, though I had for years, but this time I couldn't. And I told him so. Had a bloody doctor's note and everything."
"Perhaps not." He plucks the strings again, gently, again thumbing along the neck. "An etude?"
The silence drags on, with still no motion from Sherlock. With another pointed look, Mycroft clears his throat, flipping pages in one of the files to turn to a clean sheet of paper, a pen now clipped to the edge of the file. "Once again. Brother mine, if you would be so kind..."
He moves past Sherlock on his way back to get undressed himself, the detective finally having shed his multitude of layers and back in something comfortable for the first time all day. Sherlock says nothing, of course, and John is tired enough that he misses the look on his face.
"Here we are," Davis announces, returning back to Sherlock with a business-like precision, a baggie of very exactly measured and finely cut white powder in hand. "Lucky! Back inside. Mr. Holmes is just leaving."
about this case, Lestrade!"
he can
He then decides that, rather than continue his excruciating march to expiration due to sheer boredom, what the police need most is a surprise check-in.
He always knew. He'd probably deduced from a loop in his handwriting that as a child he'd gotten used to scrawling his homework while in a ball in the dark underneath a bunch of coats.
absolutely
"..."
Over watery soup, linens starched within an inch of their lives, and a much reduced morphine drip, Sherlock gathers himself up enough the next morning to make the mandatory announcement.
It was to be expected, surely. Sherlock's greatest talent was in pissing John off, so it was no surprise that was how this case had ended. It had always been a statistically significant possibility for how any case would end, for how this would
That sounded too equal, too normal, too
to see a therapist. John's complained about it to Mycroft, but, ultimately, that's the end of that line. If Sherlock says no, Sherlock says no.
Another minute passed in thick silence. Sherlock stared motionlessly down to the table, his face still grim and expressionless, and Greg had honestly given up on getting any more out of him tonight when the next flat words came.
John, meanwhile, was so furious he could barely see straight.
not rolling around in Dr. Slug in a Suit's bed. His long, pale back, gleaming with sweat, arcing above the sheets.
is what a first date is supposed to feel like."
Sherlock is hit by a car crossing the street.
John doesn't want to do anything at all but wrap him up in his arms and tell him it's all going to be okay.
and he can't--
His throat tightens.
Of course he doesn't want to talk about it! Why would anyone? It is shameful, humiliating, disgusting! Why should he
he signs, and John grins back.
He could count the ceiling tiles upstairs and fully categorise the different species of toxic mould in the break room.
"...What are you
John swallowed hard again.
When just sitting there in silence did not magically yield Sherlock a lightbulb of understanding, Lestrade heaved a very long, loud groan, one that weighed with exasperation in every syllable. "I mean, really," he muttered to himself, working his way up to his feet. "Idiots, the both of you."
John stares at him in silence, waiting for his answer. Sherlock works his mouth, the words rolling over his tongue clumsy and stale, because he certainly must say
he is obviously in pain and hurt and huddled on the cold bathroom floor, and at the same time Sherlock has been
He feels sick and jumpy and ridiculous. There are still crime scenes and clients that he turns down because they are too close to things he does not want to remember, and still so many things that he can no longer do because in every way that he is still amazing, there is now another in which he is defective.
When they had found Sherlock, their immediate priority had been getting him to the nearest trauma center. The nearest trauma center had been this country hospital that John has spent the last four days in, and it is barebones at best. They don't have the best equipment, and they don't have the best staff. The hospital Mycroft is having Sherlock transferred to is not that far, just an hour and a half away by ambulance, and John only recognises its name as a private one. He spent a few minutes looking at pictures on his phone before they got there, and the rooms look more luxurious than a damn hotel.
and sat there in his chair and glared at the floor, but John had kept
Sherlock--"
They were through the worst of it. Tonight was the lowest point, and they would survive this. Sherlock was going to be okay, and John was going to be there with him, and they'd see it through to the other side.
Slowly, carefully, Sherlock sits back upright. The movement alone is enough for a renewed pang in his chest, but John isn't looking at him now, and he's safe to rub at the wound with the heel of his hand and choose his words very exactly. Clearly, John's mind has already gone to the heart of the matter, so an introduction is not necessary. All that is needed is the explanation.
It is abundantly clear that Sherlock is in no shape for this. The casts and bandages might be gone, but he is not fully healed, and it shows. He can not drop to his knees and spring back up and lean on his tip toes to examine some microscopic spot on the ceiling. He can not move as quickly as he wants, and John isn't the only one to see that he's stiff and in pain.
He swallows a mouthful of crumbs. "Want me to deduce all the ways that his life is an unquantifiable disaster, and he was decidedly not worth any more of your time?"
One last very long chapter tonight, and no surprises here... it's the moment we've been waiting for!!!
"Sherlock?" he asked. "Did you... like Irene Adler?"
"What did John have to say, about what you managed this week?"
"This is the worst day that anyone has ever lived in the history of recorded time."
tethered to life with an encrypted text message conversation with the world's nosiest prat of a human being, and he can't stand it.
Mycroft's never accused Sherlock of being sensible.
But that wasn't true. Was it?
on top of a thousand unspoken but heartfelt
Don't you move, got it?"
The only course of action from here is to shut the door on this entire conversation. Sherlock should go back to his room right now, he should tell John he's tired and wants to rest, and John is a good doctor; John will let him do it. He should shut the door and turn out the lights and tomorrow change the subject permanently and that will be that.
John's tries to reciprocate. More than once, he feels John's hands start to move, clutching his shoulders but wanting to touch more. More than once John arcs to lift his head and kiss back. The furthest he gets is half-slipping one hand underneath his waistband, panting and trembling into Sherlock's neck, his grip curling around the inside of his thigh.
Sherlock spends the week with his head in John's lap, feverish, sick to his stomach, and utterly content
Sherlock had his educated guesses. John did not seem all that curious as to the answer.
It is pathetic and infantile, and he doesn't care. He must see John. He wants John. John, John,
"Oh," his physician says suddenly, turning to John. "We also tried to give your emergency contact a call, but there was no answer. We left a message about the situation, but you should know, whoever he is is probably very worried about you right now."
Then, he once again pulled himself up to his full height, and turned his back on him without another word.
Sherlock is drugged out of his mind. Even if he did wake up, he wouldn't have been able to get far, and the windows in these patient rooms don't open. Meanwhile, Mycroft's security is invisible and worth their money: nobody could've attacked him in his hospital room, and Sherlock could not have gotten up and wandered away.
It's a high-profile art theft, a Picasso vanished from a rich actor's palace of a home, though by the way Sherlock sniffs around the ornate room, there's more to this crime than a missing painting. The bright red, furry sofa probably costs more than John makes in a year-- though so does the white, furry carpet, and the shiny armchair, and the diamond chandelier-- and he pointedly chooses it as where he's going to settle down on. It's the most comfortable, fitting, and ridiculous place in the room to kick back his feet and watch.
"Naturally."
"Get it together, Watson," he snaps.
Thank you all so much for all the comments/kudos!!!
John kept going before Sherlock could open his mouth to figure out a way to derail it.
"Right, ah, that... that was the other thing I wanted to talk to you about."
You have every right to be angry with me, please just listen. You can do whatever you want after and I'll probably-- I'll probably deserve it, but
What? He'd barely even been in there a minute! "Sherlock--"
"We'll start slow," he said, feeling the rise and fall of his back. "Okay? Is that okay?"
Then, John allows himself one single jaw-cracking yawn, and rolls over to face the day.
Sherlock waved him off again, now starting to really get annoyed himself. "It was fake info. Feel free to check it for yourself- the only thing actually classified on there was Mycroft's favorite cake. Strawberry shortcake, by the way."
Sherlock gulped.
"Dr. John Watson," he said, holding his hand out to shake. Dr. Anthony Small, cancer researcher. "I'm here with the police, about your colleague's death. I'm just here to ask you a few questions about him, if that's--"
Thank you so much for all the comments/kudos!!! Onwards-- this chapter is a bit slow, but it's just before things kick up next chapter :)
John rose to his feet when Sherlock showed no signs of slowing down, still a whirlwind stalking up and down the kitchen. "All right," he said again, nudging one of the chairs out with his foot. "Let's just sit down, okay? It is normal, but working yourself up like this, it's just going to make you feel worse, Sherlock." On a whim, he turned to the cabinets, digging out a half-empty bottle of old whiskey and a glass. Sherlock wasn't the world's biggest drinker, but one glass, this early on, couldn't hurt.
"Oscar?" He re-evaluated in his head, adjusting the timeline. "So you would've been a grad student, then? And he was your supervisor, or something?"
"I love you, too."
"You're all good to go."
"That's very nice. Because I'm pretty sure what you said to him was offensive, whether you meant it or not."
But Sherlock doesn't slow down. If anything, he gets even more agitated, and no matter how calmly and steadily John speaks, it doesn't calm him down. He keeps trying to sign no matter how much it hurts him, and it's clear he's not in any state to listen. He never calmed down properly at all, not after being manhandled and pinned down and hurt by that
switch.
So does Sherlock. But, the Work requires sacrifices. There will always be more form-fitting purple shirts.
Oscar breathed. And
Then John actually got into the flat, and found his plans with a wrench thrown straight into them.
the lot of them!
John stays down on his side, after that, not exactly in the mood to talk. He throws up a few more times, and is eventually forced into allowing Sherlock to help him on account of the fact that Sherlock will not be bullied away. The thermometer confirms the fever they had both already suspected, and John is very clearly thinking he's going to be most at home right there on the floor for the rest of the day.
"After I asked you to."
John winds up catching the flu going around before Sherlock. It's not exactly surprising-- while John gets his flu shot every year, and is in fact required to by his job at the surgery, it can only be so effective when he's exposed to every bloody strain of it from his patients. It comes on quickly and furiously, as the way influenza tends to do. One evening, John frowns at his dinner, just halfway finished and with clumps of rice sticking to his fork, and proclaims that he's just not hungry. The next morning, Sherlock is woken up at half past four by John all but stepping on him to get to the loo in time.
trying to speak, and yet he can not. He can not.
"Yes," Sherlock said.
as if that doesn't raise the question
But Sherlock had looked at him, and read him, and recognised that he was angry-- but thought it was at him.
They don't talk like this, he and Mycroft. As a rule, they don't talk like this. Sentiment and brotherly affection. This is not who they are.
Doesn't John understand that Sherlock is the one who should be sorry? Doesn't John understand that he's already done everything that could've been expected of him and more, and
They sat quietly for long enough. Minutes on end, Sherlock just folded around John, all long legs and arms, and this time John let him because he knew Sherlock needed it more than he'd ever care about the healing pain in his sides. "We'll figure this out," he whispered, the words lost into the hair buried against his neck. "I promise, Sherlock. I
well. Yell at Sherlock for-- what did he even
Sherlock nods, and holds up two fingers. He supposes there's little hope that Davis knows the sign for cocaine.
"It's Wednesday," he says softly. He rubs a thumb in slow circles over the bend of Sherlock's knee. "You've got nothing on, today, unless you've not told me. We finished a case last night. I've started writing it up, but you didn't like my title. The Nail in the Coffin. No good?"
"Very good, Mr. Holmes," Davis murmurs, counting the bills in his hands. "The same as usual? Which one?"
" Oh, no,
He opens his mouth, and--
Over and over, the bad variable was
His words have been robbed from his throat for a year in the making, and no matter how much he now wants to speak, he finds it is not at all as easy as opening his mouth and making his voice come out. He's spent months imagining it, what his triumphant return will be and sound like, how fantastic his entrance will be, how the euphoria that will burn in his veins will be
and he catapulted himself on before John could even get a word in. "It's quite all right; I probably
John doesn't even seem to notice it. He's curled his fingers tightly around Sherlock's enough that it mostly stills the tremor entirely. It's barely enough for Sherlock to notice, between the gloves and his own chilled hands, but it's there. Just the slightest tremor in his hand.
Ella's frown deepened.
All Sherlock is able to do now is claw his voice back from the six rotting corpses that stole it from him, syllable by syllable, until it is clutched back in his own bleeding hands.
"I don't exactly fancy crawling to Tesco's," John mumbles into his arm. It's impossible to tell if he's embarrassed, or just too tired to actually lift his head. Whichever it is, for one very strange moment, Sherlock just wants to hug him. "I know you delete where everything is in there, so... just so you can find it."
He bares his teeth in disgust.
if you can just explain what you're here for?" Her hand inches closer to what John knows must be the panic button. "Do you need to see a doctor?"
John's hands lace over his, his fingers wrapping into his hands. They are sturdy and strong, almost burning hot, and Sherlock could melt into those hands. He could melt into his surgeon's hands, and let John stitch him back together, every freakish piece by every freakish piece, and he knows that John would make it right.
Sherlock frowned again, just barely flicking his gaze back to meet his. "Why didn't you ever ask me to do it, then?"
John actually doesn't mind that he hasn't had a vocal, back and forth, spoken with words conversation. Or-- he
John kept his eyes turned away and his mouth shut, something uncomfortable throbbing in his chest. She was right. Once again. Sherlock would do quite literally
- but he will let it slide, for the moment.
"Thank you for your time," he said, offering a handshake and yet another polite smile. His face was starting to hurt. "We'll try to wrap this up as soon as possible."
The next week passes in a sort of fog.
"Well, do try not to strain yourself."
He's trembling violently when Sherlock closes the gap, his eyes unfocused because Sherlock knows Baker Street is not what he's seeing. He's seeing Sherlock's broken arm and shredded back, all the way back in hospital. He's seeing Sherlock just yesterday afternoon, huddled in a tearstained ball on the floor like an idiot. He's seeing the entirety of these past ten nightmarish months and now it's all under the veneer of it being
John Watson.
right. "You ought to be ashamed, John Watson."
He's so fucking
Sherlock can't delete these memories. That had been his first mistake. He has tried. Oh, he has
Sherlock actually looked disgusted, at that. Yet another brief eye roll and he scoffed, this time a noise of sheer derision. "Their funding goes towards supercilious
unparalleled. In making you feel useful, that is. That's what you like, to feel useful. Isn't it?" He smiled again, in a way that was probably a bit cruel, and Not Good. "Keeping an eye on me to make sure all I'm smoking is a cigarette probably helps you to feel infinitely more
"'M fine."
Sod getting reamed out by Sherlock later.
"Experiment went well?" John asks, giving the nearest beaker a chime with his fork. The solution is sky blue and translucent, and John has a sneaking suspicion that this experiment was a very bored Sherlock determining if he could make an array of rainbow liquids using only household materials that don't include food colouring. "Looks like it was good, at least. You have my full support for anything that doesn't involve mould."
They have established something that tries at being a regimented morning routine. As close to a routine as Sherlock Holmes and John Watson can get.
He hasn't felt like this since before the fall.
"Brother
Of course it is relevant. It is the most relevant truth in this entire debacle, no matter how much he wishes it were not.
And here's the ending! Thank you so much to everyone who's commented/kudosed along the way, and I hope you enjoyed!!! Happy tenth anniversary :D
He doesn't remember the details. He remembers the Skype call with Sherlock, and very distinctly remembers being called a philistine. More fuzzily, he remembers hearing shouting from outside, and getting up to go investigate.
He doesn't want to lie, and that is why, in direct defiance of his better judgment, he goes on.
Bored, bored, bored.
They can go home.
Lestrade suggested, with the sort of tone that said it wasn't really a suggestion at all, "John's annoyed because of that article. Remember the one? You two found a woman that had been kidnapped by her husband, and it called you the genius detective and him your bachelor assistant?"
That's what those agents down on the street are for. It dawns on him like a blow to the fucking head. Those agents are here for when Sherlock inevitably refuses, and they are there to prevent him from bolting out the door. They are there to force him into the car and drive him to Mycroft's nice, cushy, padded
This was good. This was normal. Because some part of John still badly wanted this to have a happy ending, a happy, storybook ending for the both of them, where John kissed him and Sherlock said
Lestrade glances away, when Sherlock does not deign to look up from the pictures. He's still a little shaken, clearly having not expected this turn at all, and spends the next several moments just sitting there, hands wrapped together and eyes narrowed.
That means being
He's no longer capable of telling John no, is he?
"Oh?" he drawled. He even went so far as to pick up the crumpled case notes from the floor.
Look at me, now."
"A fair point, she'll probably bake us a cake in celebration--"
Sherlock rolls his eyes back, huffing through his nose. Could it not be more
"You okay?" he asked Sherlock, setting the takeaway in the nearest chair. He shouldn't have been lying on his side like that, not with his ribs. "Sherlock?"
But John is amused rather than annoyed, smiling very slightly, and it's enough to soften the blow to his wounded pride. "He's cheating on his fiance. Planning to use the wedding as a distraction to elope with his girlfriend instead. He's despicable, John. What happened to making sure I only get the best?"
He knew he'd had worse. He'd seen the scars on his back, when he'd been in hospital after being shot. The scars that Sherlock had refused to talk about beyond
At last, Greg decided the only move that would be wise was to just give Sherlock a few moments on his own. He backtracked several step to leave the genius slumped down on his couch, his arms wrapped around himself and his head down, knobby fingers clenched so hard into his threadbare shirt and still trembling. He left the lights off and started to boil the water for tea, something herbal, something non-caffeinated for this time of night, trying not to think too hard about what could've put Sherlock in this state.
Sherlock. Calling Mycroft. Instead of John, but...
John beams, and Sherlock breathes just a little bit easier.
It really was supremely irritating, when suspects decided to fight back with something other than their fists. How was he supposed to defend himself against a baseball bat? John's gun?
The room is ludicrous in its luxuriousness, but it is also still a hospital room. There are not exactly many places to hide. The corners are big and empty, the curtains are paper-thin and white, and there's not room for him to be hiding under the bed or sofa. John remains confident that Sherlock would not have been able to stumble off into the corridor somewhere, so...
It was all right. He knew John was planning on asking him to move back in. He could wait for it. The flat had already been made safe for Rosie, Mrs. Hudson would be absolutely beside herself, and Sherlock would... be glad for it. Very much so. Yes.
"Uh, I don't know, probably a few." Fuck.
"Well," John says thoughtfully, and around a mouthful of food. "
Sherlock sighs.
Or he would, if their men of the hour hadn't chosen exactly then to make their appearance.
"I always knew it," Sherlock said, almost casually, conversationally. "He liked capable students, like me-- students who were capable of succeeding under a lack of guidance or supervision, because he was incompetent at both. He loved students like me, who would succeed with or without him, and make him look good. And I liked to feel successful." He turned his free hand around his cup of tea, watching it with distant eyes. "His expectations were... increasingly unreasonable. But I was equally exceptional. And what I wanted was acknowledgement, and I knew he genuinely was fond of me. Back then, at least."
Sherlock closed his eyes, listening to the steady pounding of his heart underneath the clammy skin along the back of his neck, and breathed.
John finishes brushing his teeth, spits, and lets the taps run for five more seconds. Five more glorious, non-suffocating seconds.
"With how little you eat, and how rarely you drink, I'm surprised you managed that much. Headache?"
John was almost flabbergasted. Sherlock hadn't been thrilled about taking this case, sure, but he'd never seen him refuse to so much as look at a
he gave finally, grimacing. "He didn't do or say anything to imply that things had ended badly with this guy, either. I'm sure if he'd been-- I don't know, abusive or something, he would've said so. Or at least told me to shut up about it." He stopped again, trying to sift through the words, his sense of unease, and land on something concrete. Because obviously Sherlock hadn't been abused or hurt by him, they wouldn't have gotten this far to this conversation if he had, but Sherlock had very clearly not been thrilled to see him.
The strangest thing about it was, Mary had actually liked Sherlock. They could've been good friends, if the situation had been different. But she hadn't liked what he'd been for John, and... that had taken precedent.
He invents a reason to be there, writing out that he needs to see the results of her autopsy, and Molly accepts it easily enough. She doesn't ask how he knows about the case she only got just this morning, or why he's interested in the results for the autopsy on a drunk that fell down the stairs.
No, the symbolism is not lost on him on
Instead, what John does is this:
All feedback is welcome and appreciated!!! Thank you so much for reading, and stay healthy! <3
But Greg just fell back into another silence. His thumb traced steadily against the steering wheel and his features were schooled into some sort of sad attempt at nonchalance, but John could see plain as day that there was something underneath it.
had robbed me of the chance to say goodbye?"
, and grew incredibly hostile when that viewpoint was confronted." He sipped his tea again, looking away. "Believe it or not, John, I was worried about Sherlock. I always worry about him. He just makes it especially hard to express that worry in a productive manner. I timed my visit along with forecasts for a terrible snowstorm, in January-- between the ice and the snow, I would be stuck in Sherlock's room, and Sherlock would be as well. Classes would be cancelled, and he would have nowhere else he could go. He would be forced to have a prolonged conversation with me, with no opportunity for distraction or retreat."
"I..." Sherlock swallowed, the warmth of the praise suddenly faded. "It didn't go well, last time. I tried, but I couldn't answer their questions. It's--" It wasn't even questions about the science. He could try, for most of those, but it was beyond that. They'd asked him about the budget, and grant proposals, and protocols that he'd never learned. They'd asked him, and he'd fumbled on the answers, and they'd looked at him like he was an idiot. "I can't--"
He had just about managed to entirely mute the channels of input that related to Oscar's hands and tongue when a finger pushed from tracing his backside, to
of us just need a little bit of time. That we should wait until you're ready. We're ready. Because I want this to work. And what you just said... that's not
Because he'd relapsed. Sherlock hadn't said so, but it was obvious. His voice was slurring and stumbling over itself, the words sloppy as he lost track of what he was trying to say. Heroin, was John's best guess. Definitely a depressant of some kind.
he mouths.
She whined quietly, blinking up at him. In a reflex, it seemed like, she pulled the soft toy she was sucking out of her mouth, and reached her arms up to him instead.
Sherlock doesn't speak. Not to Francis, not to the receptionist, not to the group of smokers outside, not to the taxi driver on the way. He's already decided that while someday, he will speak here, it will not be a first step. John comes first. He will speak to John, before he ever speaks here.
"Get lost," one of the idiots grunts, trying to shrug John off him and into the street. John falls straight into Sherlock, sagging bonelessly into his arms, but when he presses his face into his neck it's so he can hide a smirk. Sherlock feels it against his skin, and Jesus Christ, this is
"Oh. No-- no, they weren't, actually." Greg flips through his own notes, his brow furrowed. Sherlock all but vibrates with impatience, shifting back and forth in building frustration. "Nothing at all until the maid came in through here this morning, and realised the painting was missing."
It is by a great measure of restraint that Mycroft doesn't point out he is not a divorce attorney.
Sherlock has, by now, climbed his way out of the palace. He is cold, still shivering, and humiliated, but he is fully himself again. He supposes he could try to communicate this, if he really wanted to, but John is busy doing up the buttons on his softest shirt, murmuring some nonsense about Sherlock being
The line changes every day, and with Sherlock unable or unwilling to label it himself, John has almost no way to find it.
"Um," he says. "Come again?"
He sinks down to the bottom step, holding his face in his hands. His feet feel like they're weighed down with concrete and his head is already starting to hurt.
So, there was at least that.
, Sherlock. No, really, I mean it, that's-- of course I'll help you. Whatever you need. I'll..." He looked around uselessly, as if
"Come on. Just one date."
so he's tried to give John what he knows he wants, what they'd
broken, of course. He was not. But there were pieces of him that had been hurt, and that needed looking after. Pieces that he'd neglected until now, and that would hurt him again if he let them.
Except that wasn't it.
He is making himself at home and here he intends to stay as his minder, on until John gets home and he no longer needs one.
wrong. Something specifically with Oscar. He'd thought he was just being jealous, but that wasn't it. That wasn't--
This what adults did. This was what
Sherlock inclined his head, his pale face unreadable. "Yes, Oscar," he murmured. And then this man, this
"Too much sugar and milk," he whispers, the words swallowed up by his tea. The surface ripples and he swallows a minuscule mouthful. It's foul, but that's possibly just lingering the aftertaste of vomit. "Trying to force extra calories in when I can't keep anything else down? Sneaky, John. Sneaky."
... "Look, unless you're going to give me a straight answer, Mycroft--"
A switch flips, and he makes his decision.
"You're sure of that, then," John said suddenly. He flexed his hand in his lap, almost a fist, his jaw tight. "You've got him all figured out."
and he
But Lestrade, too, is not even looking at him.
He looks exhausted.
"I'd offer to get you a present," John says after several moments. "But something tells me there's nothing I could get you besides a locked room murder. And unfortunately, that's a bit not good, I think." His breath is warm against Sherlock's neck, and it's a crime when he pulls away. The only mollification is that he keeps a hand tightly on his arm, to give just enough support to not be insulting. "There's nothing else you'd even want, is there?"
"John," he says.
John started again, looking up from his clenched hands. "Sorry?"
He would run, if provoked. If Greg pushed at all, just the slightest bit, then he would run. And he wouldn't come back.
to get away. To what Mycroft sees as massage and music therapy on a chaise lounge with the ocean and horseback rides just out the bloody window, and to what Sherlock will only see as locked doors and needles and forced therapy where he is not allowed to say
Seventeen stairs later, Mycroft slinks into the flat.
"John," Lestrade starts quietly. The look on his face makes Sherlock's stomach knot. "Maybe you should--"
"We both seem intent on making a mess of things, I think," he says. He does not let go. "So I'm going to try not doing that, this time. I figure if we can catch serial killers, we can manage at least that much. Sherlock- the most important day of my life was the day that I met you."
A nurse slipped in, just a few minutes later, interrupting him mid-experiment redesign and one very well-deserved sulk. "There you are, dear," she said, still rubbing in the hand sanitizer. "You- oh? What's wrong, Mr. Holmes?"
"...no."
. He doesn't want to. The words are full and eager and
"Oh my god," John sighed, still a bit breathless, "don't be such a
Somehow, he wasn't exactly surprised when Sherlock's answer was simply to look at his hand with nothing less than outright disgust. "Well," he sneered, "the universe does love to make fools of us all. Some of us... more than others."
"There's really no need to worry," he mollifies, because Sherlock is continuing to try and crane his neck and squirm about in his chair, as if if he maneuvers just enough he'll be able to see right through the closed door and start glaring. "She didn't know about you. And was mortified when she found out."
It's not the most brilliant of aliases, no. Scott Holmes. SH. And here he sits, famous coat and scarf and all. Just about all he's missing is the hat.
Next moment, what felt very distinctly like a crumpled paper ball whacked him on the back of the head.
John wanted Sherlock, and he was angry at Irene Adler for having what he didn't.
John Watson is infinitely superior to sixth-date-cake-man, in every conceivable way and in all ways that still have yet to be conceived of. But he still understands the feeling well enough now that he doesn't mind all that much, being Molly's distraction for the evening, or a blunt and unskilled tool used to cheer herself up.
"Were you really going to shoot the explosives? Sherlock?" Lestrade hesitated, sounding nearly upset. "The bomb squad finished looking at them. They were all
Opiate withdrawal was the hardest kind, and he'd only just gotten over the worst of it from before. And now he was going to have to fight through it all over again.
Mid-twenties, if he had to put a guess on it. Though with the regrettable personal grooming and hygiene of the average teenager. The state of his clothes suggested that he'd slept at lab the past two days, perhaps three, and by the mustard stain on the ill-fitting lab coat, had also been subsisting off whatever he could find at the cafe downstairs. By the glint of the earring in his left ear, very, very gay: by the way he'd looked at Sherlock upon meeting him, very, very not interested. In fact, by the way he kept flipping papers on his clipboard, marking notes rapidly down on the last sheet, nothing at all about Sherlock was his first priority today. He kept shoving his pen behind his ear, dislodging his glasses, and clearly had not noticed that the pen was leaking, and the shell of his ear was staining more and more blue.
