John’s sister rolled her eyes, though playfully, and shook her head, amused disapproval twisting her features, “Of
His mind had been whirling like the ceiling fan above him, and even when he finally shut his eyes, mere mental exhaustion capturing his very being, he was awaken by his own vigorous trembling, his own moaning, a brutal dream creating a picture out of his dangerously pessimistic thoughts. It was ridiculous – how much he was pondering the situation and every single detail included. He needed to calm down. He needed to relax; because none of his thoughts, or fantasies, or ideas would change anything.
“Point is,” Mike stated between chuckles, “I was thinking of doing some sort of ‘
“That’s absolutely shite.”
But he couldn’t.
Sherlock observed curiously as he seemingly glanced at his comments, likes, and new subscribers, before smirking and stepping away from the monitor, turning back to Sherlock, still sat atop his bed.
must be a piece of work then,” She grinned, and John could practically feel how hard she was trying to desperately restrain the enormous amount of excited giggles she was currently holding captive behind her bubblegum lips.
Lestrade lifted his head, eyes narrowed at the dark-haired boy and one brow arched in confusion, “What, is there some kind of sale going on?”
He watched as Sherlock actually smiled at his reply, the brunette’s plush lips rising at their edges before his nimble fingers went to work on a response.
Mornings in District Twelve were always quiet. Sometimes a bit too quiet. To Sherlock, it always seemed as though nobody was ever happy to start the day.
“He commented,” John stated, standing up from his desk and whirling around the room, chuckling with excitement and running a frazzled, frantic hand through his dirty blonde hair, “on my video.”
“Oi,” Moran spat, mouth open in shock, as though hurt by the words out of John Watson’s mouth. The boy turned around in place, revealing a piece of paper taped to his rear that read, ‘
10,768 views. 8k Likes, 3 Dislikes.
“Cheers,” He whispered and bit the side of his cheek to keep his grin from spreading all too wide.
“I have two more questions.”
“I expect you to win,” His brother uttered, entire expression serious, stoic and unmoving.
Molly let out a loud giggle and slapped a hand to her mouth, shaking her head in amusement and grinning down at him, "You asked for it, making jokes like that. Now they all know you watch Doctor Who."
His ears felt as though they were drowning, numb and ineffective, his heart — guess he did have one after all — thumping mindlessly loud against everything; against his ribcage, against his temples, behind his eyes, the back of his head.
John smirked and glanced at him, a brow arching mockingly, “Seb? That’s
Suddenly, he was glad he’d left the title area blank.
“Well, no need to worry,” Sherlock announced, “I am.”
The Storyteller @
John chuckled breathlessly at the term because good god, he did have fans didn't he? Actual fans who actually loved and followed and supported him.
Sherlock’s cheeks burned, his limbs tingled, his fingers trembled and his heart sped up, and he resisted the awfully compelling temptation to reach over, place his hand against John’s jaw and make their lips
John shrugged and let out a sharp laugh, sputtering out, “It’s a big enough bed,” before he swallowed a little nervously, chuckling a bit to hide the shaky tone of his voice, and added, “but I can always take the floor.”
And so he did, and he’ll never stop being grateful to her.
“Yeah, well,” John shrugged, “After my dad left it wasn’t the same. And then Harriet came out and, you know.”
Retweeted by John H. Watson
“I got you to smile properly,” John shrugged, a grin lifting the corners of his lips.
, anyone who had ever uttered a mean word to him.
Swallowing, John smiled, as warm and as friendly as he could at the curly-haired boy, the bruise between his brow and eye practically taunting him, tingling his nerves with self-hate and pity, knowing deep down that one of the people he spent most of his school hours with put that mark right there, on those pale, innocent features.
Sherlock swallowed, glanced to his side, then to the floor, sighed and then shook his head, “Sebastian Wilkes and three others.”
did on Bee. I adore the both of them and I legit screamed at my computer for five hours straight mates
“What d’you say then?” Irene asked with a sigh and a roll of her eyes at the silence that pressed on between the four of them.
“Remember,” he heard Victor call from beside his bed, before he appeared at the door of his bathroom, staring predatorily at Sherlock’s shaky movements, “Wait at least twenty minutes before you leave, okay lovebird?”
: no way omg I’m so ready
I've just been ridiculously busy and have some family drama going on, as well as a bad typing hand; so I'm a bit slow with updating but I'm still here, and hopefully you are too?
John flinched at the insult and sped up, marching a little faster towards his goal, finally reaching the grass and tossing his stuff to the side of the rugby goal, choosing to simply ignore Mike Stamford for the rest of practice.
“Why? It needn’t go without saying that Anderson is frankly the worst candidate to have been chosen for Romeo, though he does have a superiority complex, so I suppose that fits,” Sherlock pondered and then shrugged, “Nevertheless, he only wanted the part to impress Sally.”
The room falls slightly quieter for a instant — aside from the loud chattering of groups and tipsy partiers, all gathered around in the center of the room — as one song ended and another begun, and within moments a symphony of instruments began to emanate from the speakers surrounding the room, a few dancers occupying the floor cheering with excitement, bodies and hips already swaying to the catchy fresh tune.
“Sherlock,” John persisted, “I mean it.”
John turned to Sherlock with an encouraging smile and lead him in with the still-present press of his hand against the dancer’s back. As they stepped inside, Sherlock noticed an overwhelming presence of red. The walls, the couches, the kitchen cabinets, the sofas — it was alarming though oddly sophisticated, homey and yet a tad bit intimidating, though Sherlock would take a blood red living room over the white, blank loneliness of his own home any day.
Ms. Hudson didn't exactly know about what he did. She knew he recorded his dances, and she knew it was important to him, but she didn't know to what extent he used said videos for.
He looked back down at his phone and began to type.
And I do hope to see comments as they're always so very inspiring. xxx
: damn right they is !!!
Those blue eyes flickered to meet Sherlock’s own and he was instantly frozen in place, their deep, navy shine so entirely intense, Sherlock nearly forgot to inhale.
John’s smile was practically woven into his expression for the majority of the day, his mind on Sherlock, on Sherlock’s words, on texting Sherlock, on seeing Sherlock — Christ, his head was simply a bucket of everything that pertained to Sherlock and while it was entirely distracting, it kept John in a solidly pleasant mood till the very last bell of the day. He despised the fact that he had makeup practice, his thoughts far too preoccupied with
— and not to mention the obnoxious parents, cheering when their children scored, berating the team when they didn’t, whilst shoving sandwiches down their throats and gulping entire sodas. But, all the flaws of attending set aside, John would be there.
“Where will I sleep?” That deep baritone asked timidly, and John’s heart fluttered a bit as he thought his question over, his own solid crush on the boy still making his cheeks warm at the idea of sharing a bed with the slim figure of Sherlock Holmes.
Mike slowly dropped his eyes to the pink blow-up alien tucked against him, blinked and then let out a sharp laugh, layered with alcohol and nervous amusement, his brows arching and his lips quirking upwards, nodding his head to himself and staring at the alien as though it held the answers to all his questions.
“See that man?”
Molly squeaked excitedly through the phone, and John could just picture her - sat criss-cross on her bed, colorful socks of some kind warming her feet, chestnut hair done-up in a messy bun, her baggy, bright sweater clad form practically buzzing with the thrill of it all.
? That seemed far more realistic an idea. What if John grew tired? What if he decided he wasn’t that interesting after all? Far worse — what if he found someone else? A
Sherlock held his breath.
“At the beginning,” Sherlock breathed, heavy and frail all at once, “he was older than me, in his last year of secondary school when I was just starting.”
. John was afraid he might say something wrong and be forever despised by the genius' mind.
With narrowed eyes, Sherlock took a slow step forwards, clearing his throat and staring at the two of them in confusion, “Digging for what?”
— and John had proved that today, stepping in just before it could go any farther. But, frankly, Sherlock’s greatest fear wasn’t Seb’s punches or his cruel words or what he might do next — it was
He startled a bit as Greg’s hand slapped down onto his shoulder and squeezed, the boy’s face stretched with enthusiasm and sincerity.
Sherlock scoffed to himself, rolling his eyes and looking at the sky for a moment as if hoping someone would spare him, “Is that how people describe it?”
do as a child, where did
Sherlock, of course, gave average answers back —
There was a reason – well, several – of course, why he ran
Molly however, did not seem half as repulsed as he was. She was smiling, joyfully, and waving erratically at the many people cheering for her outside the window. Her cheeks were red and flushed and she seemed as though she was rather happy to be in the spotlight.
“John, by the way,” The boy —
“Glad you’re finally admitting it, John,” She chuckled lightly and leaned in to kiss his cheek softly, pulling away and swaying fancily down the mostly empty hall — now that most of their classmates had disappeared into their assigned classes — away from him, dress flowing outward with the movement, short heels tapping loudly against the school’s tiled floors.
“I’m Greg. Greg Lestrade,” The boy beside him said, patting John on the back with a solid hand, and John took in his appearance a bit more closely. His hair had a light shimmer to it, as though it were fading to a sharp silver with every day that went by, and his eyes were a soft brown, warm, his very simple expression an aura of kindness and sincerity. John instantly liked him, whether it be the open grin or the gentle eyes, or the genuine offer to help him out, clearly aware of how shit it was to sit alone.
Sherlock nodded to show his interest, eyes narrowed as John spoke, mind focused on nothing but the short, dirty-blonde rugby captain sitting across from him.
: HELL yeah
Shards all thrown about, like a devastatingly, unfixable mosaic.
Sherlock cracked a small smile as John’s eyes met his, blue clashing with silvery green.
decided to be my friend,
: 20,732
And then they were fleeing, running away, cussing under their breaths and leaving Sherlock alone, on the ground,
: soooooooo wanna enlighten us
. Sherlock blushed. Had he just made
Rita @
is honestly my favorite youtuber to exist and he deserves all the best things in life don’t even @ me.
: fuck yeah
He’d completely lost the plot — and his parents had decided against parties and banquets for the rest of the year, and Mycroft had despised him for it. It eventually passed however and Sherlock had come to the decision he never wanted to celebrate anything again — he told his parents they could take his silly excuse for a birthday party and put it out with the morning’s rubbish. He wanted no part in any more celebratory affairs.
“Yes, farewell. Try to be smart,” He stated, staring into the camera.
“Imagine the headlines. The great Sherlock Holmes beat, drowns in own bath,” John scoffed from beside him.
Sherlock scoffed, “You could say that.” He paused, took another large sip of his water and sighed, “My brother.”
Sherlock shook his head and mumbled an, “Of course not,” before getting comfortable atop the bed, grabbing John’s planet shaped pillow and placing it in his lap, hugging it close and bracing his elbows atop it, clearly demonstrating to John that he was fine sitting there, watching — and he was. He could watch John do absolutely nothing for hours if need be.
With an amused and somewhat bitter laugh, Sherlock glanced away from her, observing their surroundings, small homes and dying trees, before answering her with a shake of his head, "That'll never happen."
Jessica Bee @
“Wear that,” She scoffed, beginning to tuck the rest of the clothing she’d yanked out back into its rightful place, a soft smile on her lips as she watched him stare down at the shirt. “It brings out your eyes.”
“Christ,” John snorted, rolling his eyes and shaking his head at Sebastian Wilkes and his utter success at managing to be the biggest dickhead the world had ever seen.
His phone buzzed once, and John switched back to Molly’s chat-box, his fingers protesting with all the errant tapping, before he narrowed his eyes and read the text in front of him.
why is everyone so obsessed with gay couples, like chill they’re just friends
Sherlock fell silent for a moment, nothing but their soft breathing emanating throughout the gentle atmosphere of John’s bedroom, until he finally cleared his throat, and opened his mouth to softly whisper, “You’re strange, John Watson.”
The chestnut-haired girl gasped far too loudly and flew to her feet, leaping towards the bed and flinging her arms out and around John’s upper half, squeezing his shoulders so tight he felt his sides cramping under her grip.
“So, get this,” he continued, “Coffee can actually prevent cirrhosis of the liver. You know cirrhosis, yeah? Bad stuff, nasty stuff. Basically chronic liver damage, which, in turn, leads to liver failure.”
“Why, because he’s smarter than the lot of you combined?” Greg snorted, grinning wide and bright, pleased with himself.
And in an instant, he dropped from his tiptoes and collapsed to the ground, spinning across the studio floor, chest heaving, body whirling, movements graceful and poised for both beauty and emphasis.
Hey Readers! So sorry for the wait on this one. I'm going to get better at updating, pinky promise.
Gulping nervously, he joined the line of participants, observing each of them separately, noticing how the older one's simply looked bored as they went through the usual routine, and how the younger one's lifted their hands hesitantly, allowing the Peacekeepers to draw blood with a quick prick to the finger, the small being's trembling and shivering as they watched with horror. Sherlock followed, wincing as at the sharp needle jabbed into the delicate skin, all while staring into the dark mask of the Peacekeeper before him, the white being like some sort of machine in the eyes of the people.
. He’d asked questions and enjoyed Sherlock’s light conversation and he’d smiled and smirked and come up with an excuse for laughing in the middle of Anderson’s Romeo monologue.
Rolling his eyes at his inner turmoil, he got to his feet, reaching for the hem of his baggy maroon sweater and lifting it up over his head, standing bare chested in the empty ballet studio, mirrors serving as his walls while he slowly began lacing up his slippers. Once he finished, he simply sat there, unmoving on the wood floor, blankly staring at his reflection - his floppy mop of dark brown curls, his sharp cheekbones and his thin shoulders, his angular collarbone and jutting hipbones - before dropping his eyes back down to his duffle bag and thinking.
“What?” Mike frowned.
Sherlock let out a soft chuckle, shaking his head and mock scowling at John, “You
“Something you’d like to share with us, Mr. Watson?” Ms. Montgomery asked, all proper and posh, the wrinkles in her neck shaking like jello as she spoke.
And even Sherlock Holmes, a man – still just a boy, really – who claimed to be void of all emotion, who claimed to detest sentiment, could not help but feel at least an inch of fear at the announcement of the reaping for the 74th Annual Hunger Games.
“Guess we’re neighbors,” The golden boy beamed his way, and Sherlock glanced from his own room back to the open door of the other across the hall, directly before his own.
John glanced at him, eyes narrowed, "What? Why?"
with the rain pelting down upon them and Sherlock thought there was no where else he’d rather be in the world than here, in Mike Stamford’s front lawn, in the unforgiving downpour of London, with John Watson’s lips on his own. The rugby captain lifted a hand to Sherlock’s curls, fingers grazing against his scalp in such a way that Sherlock was sure his legs would give out any second now. John’s opposite hand moved to grip tightly to his hip, his skin warm through the damp texture of Sherlock’s sweater as he yanked him forward for better access.
: I need so much more of this I beg of you
: SHIT
“We best be off,” Sebastian beamed darkly at John before flicking his head and gesturing Sholto and the others onwards. The four of them walked on, but before disappearing around the corner of the locker-room building, Wilkes turned once more and leered directly at John, teeth bared, lips quirked in pure contentment. John thought he looked like a colder version of the Cheshire Cat.
: I assume the date went well? Good. TELL US EVERYTHING.
He paused, let out a puff of amused air, and then beamed brightly Sherlock’s way, saying, once more, “Amazing.”
be having that.
He blinked, frowned and then moved to open his mouth, turning back to her, curious as to why she was pushing the subject, as to why she was even throwing the idea out there, but his eyes caught sight of John and Greg approaching and suddenly his heart was thumping loudly in his ears and his breath had caught tightly in his throat.
When John got home that Monday evening, freshly showered, muscles aching, body exasperated beyond belief, he went straight to his room, all navy walls and posters upon posters of his favorite TV shows and movies, and fell onto his small, single bed, staring up at the ceiling blankly and letting out a frustrated sigh. He slipped a hand into his back pocket and yanked out his phone from beneath him, quickly opening up his YouTube subscriptions and sliding the circular images over until he found the one he wanted: the single image of a bee, all scientific and tauntingly anonymous.
John scoffed and nodded, finally lifting a spooned scoop of baked beans to his lips and munching happily on his now cold school lunch, “‘Course.”
Ms Hudson; weeping in her black dress, surely heartbroken, a fragile looking Molly Hooper gripping her thin hand, the old woman standing at the second burial she’d had to attend out of the two of them, except John —
I am also sorry this is so short! I wanted to make it longer but I wasn't sure when I'd be able to finish it, so I was just eager to get it out to you all. :) thanks for reading and thanks for all the wonderful comments!
John grinned. He
: damn, and it ain’t me.
Thank you so much for all the support.
John let out a sharp laugh, entire expression pleased beyond explanation, as though he had wanted nothing more than for Sherlock to merely say something — anything.
Almost instantly, arms were wrapping around his waist and a squeal was emanating, shrill and piercing, from the small girl tucked against his chest, clad in the same yellow dress she’d bought just a day ago, white sneakers and white socks to match.
: okay the blonde and brunette duo of @
“Relax?” Victor scoffed angrily, turning to Sherlock with wide, vicious eyes, a scowl in place across the entirety of his expression, “You forget to lock the fucking door and now you tell me to relax?”
And he was, in fact, correct. Because when he turned back around, glancing at the toilet seat where John had been sitting, the army doctor was gone.
guy was interesting. Violin and ballet fanatic, talented at both, and utterly, frustratingly, anonymous. Yet, only 4,900 subscribers.
He glanced back over at the dark house, lights off and gloomy, willing it to just vanish, go away. He was certain Siger’s poker friends had left by now and he found himself enormously grateful to John — that one simple act of allowing Sherlock to stay a night at his house would forever mean far more than he could ever know.
,” John chuckled quietly; the sound of his laugh moved through Sherlock’s brain like a hopeful melody echoing in an empty cathedral, ethereal and sacred. “I should’ve danced with you sooner.”
His mind was whirling — he didn’t know what he felt, how he felt, what he did feel and what it meant. He was so bloody confused it was beginning to make his fingers trembling, his body shiver with panic, his head thrum with frustration. He was entirely unnerved and he was angry; angry at Sebastian, at his team, at the cut across Sherlock’s lip, at his inability to
? — and looked away from Sherlock to take a deep breath, eyes narrowed as though he were attempting to find the right words. “I just, I don’t know, wanted to invite you.”
“Hey,” He mumbled softly, narrowing his eyes and placing a gentle, soft hand on Sherlock’s shoulder. He felt the boy twitch and watched as Sherlock glanced back over at him, brow arched questioningly, as though nothing was the matter, as though he’d never even dropped that bloody mask for a second.
. So relieved and overjoyed and pleased; hell, he looked positively chipper.
The younger brother swallowed, hand reaching into the pocket of his trousers and fingering the gold surface of his father's pin, something he kept close to him each and every day, a memory of who he was – of why he couldn't give up.
Emily Jacobs @
, John Watson was going to explode, like dynamite, like a long since inactive volcano, like a water balloon too full, too swarmed with rushing water, that it helplessly reached its end. And oh, how he’d enjoy himself when he did.
It was all so different — his body felt different, his brain yelled different things, his eyes saw different details. John Watson didn’t quite know who
“That’s not what he tells me every time I’m at yours and he goes on one of his
“Let’s get some refreshments, boys,” She beamed up at the two of them, Greg once more at her side, and took off through the crowd, expertly meandering through the bodies already back to swaying as the next song begun.
And with that, he turned and sauntered proudly away, fingers trembling with the obvious urge to fulfill his alcoholic tendencies, the urge to dull an addictive sensation.
“Oi,” John spat out after her, though he felt himself smiling, “It could just be
— a problem because John was beginning to
Sherlock glanced down at his phone, swallowing and eyeing the thumbnail once more, admiring John's soft, rather adorable expression, and then shook his head, tucking his mobile back into his duffle bag and sighing.
Upon exiting the train and stepping into the light of the Capitol’s sun, Sherlock and Molly had been pounded by excited citizens and their generous words. Their shouts and hollering so loud that Sherlock had been tempted to throw his palms over his ears and growl at their stupidity. And yet, at the same time, though he had been disgusted earlier, he was now fascinated. Because he was hearing things – words – fall from their mouths that he had never heard before; words of praise, words wishing good fortune and admitting bewilderment. Words cheering not only for Molly, but also for him.
221B. Phone smashed to bits next to him on the wooden panels of the flat’s floor. But why was he here, why hadn’t he been with
“What about you, though?” John smirked at Greg’s confused frown, “Going to ask Molly out anytime soon?”
“Mike,” John cleared his throat, glancing briefly at Sherlock who merely swallowed and stared down at his shoes, before he gestured to the alien in his friend's grasp, “Didn’t realize you were the clingy type.”
“Well, he doesn’t want me to make it my job. To rely on it, or whatever. He wants me to have a backup plan because, in his words, ‘
Haymitch glanced at Molly and Effie, rolling his eyes and groaning in aggravation, shaking his head to the side, “Yeah, well that won’t be of much help in the arena,” He turned to Sherlock then, expression serious, “That’s why you make them like you, kid – you act the part, play the fool.”
The curly-haired genius braced himself and slowly arched a brow up at the man, of whom simply scoffed and gave the skinny boy a once over.
“Well, you’ve got an ocean.”
“Go, John,” Sherlock said quietly to him, and the three boys he stood beside and in front of all turned to face him, their eyes narrowed and curious.
“Why the
. But now, there he sat, bending over to grab at his phone before lifting his eyes to the smug, daft smile spreading across Sholto’s face and scowling.
Sherlock smirked, “No, not a joke.”
Johnlock is Key boiissss @
“Messy handwriting, chicken scratch, honestly. The obsessive hand-washing,” Sherlock looked away wearily, watching the people ahead of them as they continued to stroll down the pavement, “the different face you make when someone sneezes, or coughs, or blows their nose.”
" and blushed at the sweeter ones, expressing how much they enjoyed his videos and how he "gets them through the day."
John smiled a light smile, constrained in his still irritated state, and let out a long sigh, scoffing as Greg arched a brow, his expression curious but not invasive.
WOW ME
She nodded against him and sniffled before pulling away and reaching for the pack of tissues in her purse — always prepared, she was.
John Watson, interested in
And his mother had seemed relieved for a moment, nodding her head, telling him he had just as equal a chance as any of the other competitors. He knew he didn’t. District One and Two had participants who volunteered because they wanted to, because they had trained their entire life for the Games, because they craved the thrill of victory, the praise that comes with being in charge of each and every act of murder they commit.
He looked away anxiously, watching as John turned back to face him, lips curved downward in concern, eyes sad, and
John let out a gentle, curious laugh, “Why, what?”
“What I do have an issue with, however, is the fact that
“Is this okay?” John asked softly, slightly out of breath himself, and though he had more experience in the area, the fact that Sherlock was the first boy he’d kissed changing nothing about what he knew of kissing and touching and what felt good — and he really wanted Sherlock to feel good — and the fact that the person he’d being pining over shared in his affections was entirely overwhelming; his heart was positively bursting from his chest.
Tell John, feel the cold defeat of rejection, and lose
” The high-pitched voice questioned from the small mobile in his hand, Molly’s smile practically audible in the tone of her words.
: i mean, you’re not wrong so
“I’m not most people.”
And with a nod from Sherlock and a slight wink from John, the blonde placed his thumb on the small gash across his bottom lip, his other fingers pressed lightly against Sherlock’s jaw, sending a shiver down Sherlock’s spine, and pins and needles wherever he left fingerprints.
Lilly Bird @
: is someone picking on you? I’ll beat them up.
John bent down slightly, expertly holding his lunch in one hand, and grabbed Sherlock’s pen, holding it out for the curly-haired boy with a charming smile, of whom slowly took it, shyly swallowing and shoving it into the black backpack by his feet.
“Who’s they?” John interrogated, one brow arched and eyes narrowed, eager to get to the bottom of this entire mess, panic and resentment for whom he could guess had a hand in things resting in the pit of his stomach.
Not John. Not
Sherlock swallowed and looked down shyly at his closed notebook, a red tint blooming across his cheeks and somewhat boosting John’s self-confidence - not to mention how
“Oi,” the man snapped again, two grimy fingers lifting to tap harshly at John’s shoulder, forcing him backwards slightly before he finally met the coach’s eyes, much to his own resent.
on his calculator fifteen thousand times before he's satisfied, how when teachers ask you to copy down notes they always stand in front of the board they're on, and about how on the first day of class you have a whole pack of pencil and erasers and by the end of the year you're left with one you arbitrarily found on the floor. He joked and brought up how algebra is only important when you're a pirate - since finding X is your main priority. He explained the fact that he has no idea how to pay taxes or raise a family but not to worry because he can find the area of a triangle and the circumference of a circle.
. No word seemed good enough, neither word worked, nothing worked, nothing.
Sherlock simply stared, brows furrowed, eyes narrowed, expression entirely blank, utterly cold, detached, and unaffected by the many jovial faces behind the glass. They meant nothing, and he didn’t care if they liked him or not.
,” Sherlock snapped out, biting at his bottom lip and sighing, “Shall I say it again?”
Sherlock instantly turned pink and dropped his head, looking away shyly for a moment before he shrugged a shoulder and bit his bottom lip, red and plump under the white of his teeth, “I can safely say you weren’t the only one pining.”
Nevertheless, I hope you enjoy and please please leave a comment for me to read?
John frowned at the empty space Sherlock had only just occupied, and turned to Molly, a brow arched and lips pursed, taking in her similar expression.
John watched, carefully, as Sherlock reached for the duffel bag in an attempt to flee, quick as possible, but without much self-control he darted forwards and heaved it away in one solid pull, clutching it tight to his stocky form and staring at Sherlock’s blanched expression, the brunette’s eyes wide, body frozen.
Sherlock smiled softly and then read the next message, only shortly after it.
Fuck it all. It didn’t matter anymore.
With a dark smirk, Victor turned away and reached for his rumpled shirt and tie, left discarded on Sherlock’s dorm floor. Removing his eyes from the boy as he dressed, Sherlock sauntered over to his connecting washroom, stepping in front of the mirror and gazing blankly at his awful appearance. Hair a mess, eyes sunken in, lack of sleep obviously, limbs thin and lifeless, cheekbones sharp, lips all angular and — he whipped his head down and away, dropping his eyes to the sink, turning the faucet on and slapping cold water against his burning skin.
Sherlock found himself barely managing to align all the pieces of the night’s events up in his head. He’d gone to dinner with John, gone to a party with John, danced with John, ran away from the very concept of John — not his finest moment, he could grant himself that — and then he had kissed John. And John had kissed him. And then they had certainly kissed some more. And now he was sitting, tucked against the tattered passenger seat of John’s old car, wrapped tightly in John’s thick ski jacket, cruising through the suburbs of London’s more neighborly backstreets in the middle of the night, his makeup practically no longer existent on his pale complexion aside from the dark smudge of black gripping to his under-eye, his still damp clothing lying cold against his skin and slowly drying with the harsh warm air of the heater, and his fingers wrapped around John’s, palm to palm, the rugby captain’s hand tightening from time to time when an 80s song he particularly enjoyed lulled out from the car’s radio, a quiet murmur that surrounded them in a soft, peaceful haze.
John is bae @
Sherlock inhaled sharply, swallowing the knot in his throat, and turning away, shaking his head and shutting his eyes as he thoroughly thought over the very question — why did he care what anyone thought of John? John wasn’t his, John wasn’t
John pushed the nerves aside and smirked, turning to Sherlock with one of his signature smiles, reserved only for the boy in front of him, one hand moving to rest gently on the boy’s elbow, soft and inviting.
“John,” Sherlock growled playfully.
John narrowed his eyes.
“Am not,” John mumbled before sitting up, throwing his head into his hands and letting out a long sigh.
John sighed as he watched the video transition into shades of beige and soft grey, the man, bare chested, dancing across the wood coated studio clad in black tights and pink ballet shoes, his face utterly unreadable, blurred out purposefully with the right amount of skill applied to his editing. John narrowed his eyes, studying the being carefully, watching the stretch of his muscles, the ripple of them beneath the black material. He was a complete stranger with no identifiable qualities apart from a rather decent sized bee tattoo, all realistic and detailed, spanning across the lower half of his back.
, Sherlock,” John gestured to his lip and jaw, running another hand through his hair and nervously scratching at the back of his neck before his hand dropped once more.
“Piss off.”
difficult to concentrate on schoolwork, videos, and his lovely, blooming sexual identity crisis.
of this.
Sherlock jolted as the bell’s piercing trill rang out around him, the students of whom had stopped to stand witness to their conflict now turning away and jogging off to their respective classes, leaving Sherlock trapped in the middle of the empty corridor, Wilkes’ fist beneath his chin and his heart faltering with what a silent hall now meant for his well-being.
: okay to my previous tweet about a @
Sherlock had frowned, and went to speak, a response on his lips, but John quickly lifted his hand and continued.
: like when theballetbee replies to your comments? ;)
“It’s not fine.”
With a deep breath, he strolled carefully to the door and reached out for the handle, pulling gently, letting in the light and feeling his face burn with the beauty that was John’s grinning expression.
He whirled away from Sherlock, heading back towards the kitchen and leaving the dancer standing in his doorway, ear throbbing and fingers tremble in both rage and trepidation.
So much love,
He took the corner, heading towards the student parking lot and in the direction of his parked car, the silver Toyota awaiting him almost expectantly, when his phone buzzed obnoxiously in his back pocket. He reached back and slipped it out, reading the message portrayed across its screen.
failure this time as he disappeared into the crowd of Baker’s impatient students.
Molly let out a soft gasp before she placed a soft, gentle palm on his wrist, the gesture soothing, though Sherlock would never admit it, her touch warm and careful, as though he may break into little pieces if she pushed to hard.
He heard John laugh softly, and felt those very same eyes darting over and across his profile, “An ocean?”
Little Lia @
John giggled —
“Until you start getting hate mail,” Sherlock shrugged a shoulder, gazing blankly at the camcorder, of which sat still on its stand, holding video footage of a moment Sherlock would never forget for as long as he lived.
,” John muttered, more as if he were chatting amongst himself, “this person that didn’t
“I’d love to,” Sherlock sighed admiringly, quirking a small smile, before ducking his head shyly and looking away from those oceanic eyes.
He allowed himself a small smile at that.
Sherlock swallowed and cleared his throat, “I can’t.”
“The astronaut and the Moon,” She stated with a smirk, practically bouncing in place, her stance jittery and excited, a thrill clutching at the heavy weight of her heart as she watched the two boys before her, their shoulders nearly touching, John’s hand hovering behind Sherlock once more.
John smirked and reached for his own writing utensil, grabbing a ballpoint pen out of his bag and leaning further towards Sherlock, discretely lifting his hand to Sherlock’s paper and drawing out a blank grid. The brunette drew his head up from where it rested on his palm and stared at John with narrowed eyes, one brow arched in utter bewilderment before John added an ‘X,’ to one of the small squares.
. Was it going to be a well and true
“Obviously not,” Carl defended, “but no one’s seen the bloke. Maybe it’s a whole friends with benefits type deal, you know?”
Before John could open his mouth to respond, Coach the Roach’s whistle rang out, jolting him awake and knocking him back to reality. With a soft chuckle, he glanced at his team mates preparing to line up and then back at Sherlock.
When she caught her breath, running a finger behind her ear to tuck away loose strands, she faced John, biting her lip and shrugging, "So?"
“Yeah,” John uttered, forcing a weak smile, “Unfortunately.”
John swallowed and looked down at the cup of tea he was preparing, dropping the spoon for a moment to think. Uncovering the identity of the incredibly talented, and highly anonymous, dancer, and composer, whom apparently attends Baker, was so very tempting - he wanted nothing more than to put a face to a name, to approach a being of insane ability and both thank him and marvel at him. And yet, at the same time, in the back of his mind, a small voice was nagging, a weary whimper commanding him not to mess with another’s functioning system - not to corrupt what already was, and would eventually be. There was a reason the dancer, this boy, chose to blur his face, and John should respect that.
John nodded softly, gently, not wishing to scare the boy into another mask, “Were you happy with,” John paused, and cleared his throat, “with him?”
: low key have a very lesbian crush on her
Sherlock cleared his throat over the soft whirring of the car engine.
and his friend, where are we on this lads
“Thanks Molls,” John smiled at his friend’s words of wisdom and let out a long sigh, bobbing his head to himself as he took his tea and headed back towards his bedroom, biting his lip and pressing the phone tighter against his ear. “I’ll see you tomorrow, yeah?”
Lady White @
“We can stop by yours first,” John said warmly, before glancing at the boy to shoot him a quick smile, only to notice the panicked expression suddenly melting his look of disdain, fear in his multi-colored eyes and the corners of his mouth downturned.
Of course. What did Sherlock expect? John was a straight male - a straight male of whom most of the girls in this school fancied, of whom played rugby, of whom had friends that called Sherlock a fag for his preferences, of whom remained quite open with those he knew. This was a normal thing for John - teasing, joking, jesting. It was not flirting. Not that Sherlock had the slightest inch of knowledge on the specifics of flirtation anyway.
. He wanted desperately, and it was entirely disconcerting.
can do.
He paused, glanced around the room and then cleared his throat, watching the ground shyly, “Bathroom?”
. Thought Sebastian was just saying a bunch of rubbish because you weren’t sitting with us at lunch anymore.” His teammate let out a sharp, devious laugh, and glared at the brunette across the room, “Turns out you really
John was a
Rolling his eyes and letting out a huff, Sherlock lifted his head and snapped out a sharp, direct, “What do you think?”
in his hands, his eyes practically drooping as he glared at the words -
"Happy Hunger Games!" The Capitol woman exclaimed once again, "And may the odds be ever in your favor."
Is this what it’s like? Is this how a normal outing goes with someone you know? Is this
John felt his cheeks turning pink as his skin warmed, and he quickly looked away, scowling at his hands once more and rolling his eyes, “Oh,
“Hey, Sherlock?”
John blushed and swallowed the knot blooming in his throat.
I do hope you enjoy this chapter!
“Bullshit,” John growled, chasing after him, determined to get to the bottom of the situation, fury in every line of his expression. He reached forwards, grasping a firm hand around Sherlock’s upper arm and tugging lightly, preventing the boy from walking any further, much to Sherlock’s utter scorn.
When he received no response, he swallowed and shut his eyes for a moment, repeating, softly, “I have nothing.”
’ and the meal he’d been ordering since he was eight. They ate in companionable silence and John found himself thinking this had to be the best date he’d ever found himself on — and he’d been on plenty of dates. There’d been Jeanette, who he’d found rather endearing for a short while when they met in class, though for their first date she’d insisted on taking him with her to some sort of heartbreaking musical, where he’d fallen asleep and she’d yelled at him after for not being in tune with his emotions and allowing himself to cry. There’d been Sarah of whom he’d taken to the bowling alley not far from Baker, where she’d only played for about three minutes before taking him in the back alley, by the dumpster, behind the establishment and giving him a rather messy blowjob — so much so, he’d found himself wanting to bowl instead. There’d been plenty of others, all boring cinema dates or simple generic restaurant outings, but this was so much different. He was so comfortable, he didn’t feel forced to make constant conversation or cover up any awkward silences, and he felt at
until the song came to an end, fading out to play another, a newer and far more current track that John didn’t know, and when he pulled along the side of the road to park in front of the small diner, he glanced over at Sherlock and positively praised himself for the grin that still remained there on his features — John sincerely hoped it was ever-lasting.
John H. Watson
John scoffed inwardly, leaning back at his desk and casually tapping at his screen, shaking his head and officially drowning out the lecture his literature teacher was still subjecting the class to — something about Romeo being “
With another nod, he turned and hurriedly headed towards the school’s exit.
Mars @
Willing his brain to gain some self-control, he cleared his throat and, with a quick gesture of one shrugged shoulder, uttered, “I’ll think about it.”
Beeface for days @
But the brunette looked nothing but pained, his entire figure stiff and tense, before he snatched the duffel bag up, open zipper and all and pushed past John’s position by the door, zooming out into the corridor and darting for the exit.
“I don’t,” He uttered, tone bland and mundane,
Molly froze and narrowed her eyes, “You’re not?”
"I guess," He responded, slipping his jumper off and reaching for his skin tight, workout tank, "I just don't wanna let anyone down, you know?"
Little Thoughts @
Jane Watson @
and theballetbee? #Beeface or #Johnlock?
He retreated to his mind palace most days but his efforts were useless — it was flooding. Shelves after shelves of information, drowning in vicious waves, seeping into memories, swarming through the past. He’d even spotted the haunting corpse of Moriarty, floating atop the waves of a dark, unforgivable ocean, Westwood suit soaked, hair no longer gelled in place, face no longer smirking; nothing could survive this — nothing — not even the consulting criminal himself. The water within his mind was slowing destroying every last thing that made up Sherlock’s storage space, his hard drive.
He’d been sat in his leather, black chair the entirety of the day, his eyes trained on that singular red armchair, that cushioned sofa where John had been just a few days back, telling him off for his dangerous methods of forgetting. His fingers were trembling, itching for another hit, desperate to try again, to keep John around longer this time, to behave himself, to keep his head held high and on firm, to prove to John that he would be there, and continue to be there, whether this was all a demented figment of his imagination or an insanely surreal event in his reality.
“Look, you really want to know how to stay alive?” He began, fingers intertwined atop the table’s surface, “You get people to
Abigail W. @
He watched John swallow, blink, and slowly drop his hand, gently placing it down once more and turning away, laughing softly and shaking his head. “Amazing,” he breathed lightly and poked at his untouched lunch tray.
With courage he wasn't aware he had, John sauntered over, putting on a small smile and making his way up and over to the side of the tall brunette, "I didn't know you smoked."
The small, gentle voice emanated from behind the thick fabric door, "Yeah?"
making this easy for me, you know that?”
Maybe not.
A loud thump against John’s bedroom door startled Sherlock out of his reverie, so much so that he jolted upwards, whirling to face John’s sister, of whom looked exhausted and slightly perturbed as she carried in two cups, simple in color and design, and placed them down on John’s dresser with a huff.
Drop a comment below maybe?
Sherlock’s heart dropped from where it sat beneath his skin, thumping rapidly, his veins going cold with panic, his eyes widening a fraction as he glanced back and forth between the two.
“Oh, shut it, Lestrade,” Carl scoffed.
John nodded and propped himself up on his elbow, “You’ve got a bloody kaleidoscope behind your eyes.”
John Watson smiled as he left the video to upload, shaking with excitement and hoping his ten thousand and thirty three subscribers were doing the same.
As though the boy beside him could sense his unease, John lifted his hand and placed it instead below his shoulder bones, fingers just barely grazing the thin material of his black sweater, the sharp protruding bones of his spine. With a soft, gentle smile, the rugby captain inched his body nearer and angled his head towards Sherlock’s, so close the dancer could feel the warm air of his breath, a comfort in the biting cold.
he — simply looked entirely smug, one brow lifted, the corner of his mouth quirked upward in mute satisfaction.
“Selfish
“Some of them are deadly, John Hamish Watson,” She declared, the seriousness in her features all too disturbing.
Jane Watson @
Sherlock shook his head and beamed back at him, though it was a sad, far too broken look, “It’s alright. I found ways of entertaining myself.”
“Sorry?” The brunette responded, the question more of a statement, his sights set on the road ahead of him, rather than John’s intrigued stare. He reached into his pocket and pulled out a crumpled box of cigarettes, the entirety of its damp form falling apart in his fingers as he eagerly pulled out a single smoke.
Once their laughter had died down, Greg reached for John’s shoulder and pulled him to face him, features more serious now, dulled of amusement, and narrowed in sincerity.
“It’s not a joke then,” James snapped, his eyes darting over to the thin form of Sherlock Holmes before returning to John’s confused expression, “You and Sherlock.”
“Hello, Holmes,” A voice whispered softly into his ear, and he quickly whirled around, coming face to face with the tall, strong-built form of Sebastian Wilkes, towering over him with dark eyes and dark hair, hungry like the wolf, a snarl on his threatening expression.
“It’s fine.”
was someone screaming? — his hands were flying, his mind was throbbing, and Mycroft was suddenly gone.
Sherlock watched as John looked up at him, eyes narrowed, a sly smile in place as he scoffed and lifted a broad shoulder, “Because I bloody well wanted you to be.”
Shrugging effortlessly, he turned back to the old woman at the front of the room and swallowed, “It’s a funny play.”
Sherlock stood still beside Molly Hooper, of whom didn’t look like Molly Hooper at all, what with her alien get-up and brightly colored hair, though Sherlock applauded her imagination. She’d sent Greg and John off to find something non-alcoholic for him when he’d politely declined her offer of another red plastic cup filled to the brim with beer, stating Sherlock couldn’t possibly be without hydration, insisting on both of the other two boys going out on the search, the smirk on her lips clearly a sign that she’d been itching to get Sherlock alone. Greg of course had agreed with a smile, and dragged a hesitant John with him, clearly in on the arrangement.
“Where to then?” John laughed brightly, glancing at the boy, admiring him, up and down, giving him a good once-over before turning back to the road, trying desperately to remove his thoughts from where they’d suddenly plummeted to the gutter —
interrupted, and he quickly dropped his eyes to the words in his own copy.
John H. Watson: Hell, today is going to be a mighty fine day. :)
John was silent for a moment, eyes teetering back and forth between Sholto, Moran, Irene and Sherlock, features twisted with doubt and mild concern before he nodded, slow and unsure. Sherlock gave him a comforting smile as he turned to follow his friends over to the table, but not before squeezing the dancer’s hand tightly and mouthing to Irene Adler a sharp, “You better.”
Sherlock swallowed thickly and shut his eyes tight, panic rising in his gut, rapid heartbeat shaking his thin  frame, mind boggled by the very idea that John knew who he was, John knew what he did behind closed door; the anonymity was broken, the mystery, the secret, and yet John was here, mere inches away.
“It’s all in the way he acts,” She shrugged as she carried on, “he blushes at nearly everything you say, agrees to anything when it comes to you, listens to you over everyone.” She came back out with a maroon pullover, turning to face John and her making her way over to him, handing the item of clothing over and crossing her arms over her chest at his bewildered expression, “And he was staring at your arse for the majority of the rugby game.”
John was most definitely on to the shy, anti-social boy, and he quickly smirked, “Why not?”
Sholto chuckled as he came around the corner, half dressed in loose shorts and his cleats and socks, eyeing John as he reached into his own bag to pull out an oddly colored workout tank, “Oh, look at the lad, he’s getting defensive.”
https://youtu.be/7an065mRJAg
, was it
my car’s air vent.”
"What is the deduction thing anyway?" John asked, narrowed his eyes as he frowned. Mike and his friends had mentioned it before, always saying how he knew things he shouldn't, and that he saw things no one should be able to see. Hell, the whole school was practically terrified of it.
Molly snorted and twisted a bit more in her dress, observing how the color and body of the garment fit her before turning to glare playfully at John, "Do you even know me? Of course it's not a bad thing."
As for Sherlock —
“Yeah, no problem,” John grinned politely, his eyes roaming over Sherlock’s awkward sitting position, his hooded sweatshirt, dirty Converse and skinny jeans, the way he was nibbling nervously on his bottom lip and fiddling with the corner of a tattered, rather worn down notebook.
“Quite a banger, innit?” The big-boned boy responded with a grin, a chuckle in his voice that clearly meant he’d had a little more than he truly needed to drink.
Enjoy Wherefore Art Thou Romeo!
Afterward, once all had been said and done, it started to rain. Umbrellas scattered about the cemetery as each guest made their way towards their vehicles, taxis, methods of transportation. He felt Lestrade pat him on the damp form of his suit clad back, felt Ms. Hudson squeeze his hand as she slowly sauntered off, felt Molly lightly kiss his cheek, until he was left alone, standing there, glaring at the golden letters engraved into that simple slab of stone.
, coping just fine.
John nodded and lifted his hand to point at the pink alien tucked under Mike’s arm. “Who’s your friend?”
,” John ordered in his captain’s voice, shoving Sebastian aside and taking a step back, standing, still tense, as Seb’s eyes dropped to Sherlock, then back to John, before he turned and began stomping away down the empty corridor.
“So,” She giggled, “find anything yet?”
Beatrice White @bbandj: screaming how about you
“You’re happy,” A voice said beside him, and John turned, watching as Greg Lestrade stood beside him, opening his own metal locker and forcing a small, shy smile.
had asked — and John wouldn’t have asked if he hadn’t meant it.
“Let go,” Sherlock mumbled, dropping his eyes now, submission in the depths of his entire stance, of his cowering expression.
: congratulations John!
“We’re just friends,” He murmured, lifting his chin slightly, the very words leaving his tongue feeling false and toxic.
The small girl hummed to herself and bobbed her head to the side thoughtfully, loosening her grip a little on the poor mobile in her pale hand, “I suppose it is rather coincidental.”
parties ever since that day with Mycroft, but still: he’d never been invited to one outside of when he’d actually
John blinked.
John blinked, swallowed, and laughed in surprise, “Yeah?”
“That’s
“I guess. I just like it, I dunno.”
Death by rat poison? Or death by dagger? -SH
“Problem is,” he began, “I don’t quite know.”
She narrowed her eyes and laughed shortly, “What makes you think that?”
The small girl reemerged, expertly tying her hair up in a brown ponytail, dressed now in blue jeans and a pale pink, baggy sweater that hung limply just past her waist. "I was wondering what you were up to," Molly chuckled, checking herself in the mirror, "I saw you two having lunch together."
John nodded blankly, and swallowed the knot forming in his throat, his brow creasing and his hands somehow reaching upward to pause YouTube’s ‘autoplay’ feature, eager to sit in silence and contemplate what had just fluttered across his eyes.
“Wilkes is getting suspicious,” The boy muttered softly, brown eyes darting around cautiously before fixating on John once more, concerned and distressed.
Molly was staring wide-eyed his way, expression open and sincere as she watched Sherlock observe Haymitch, of whom reached for his cup of alcoholic coffee, downed a sip and then slammed it down atop its saucer.
More piano, more melancholy.
“Like hell you’re
Sherlock felt his entire complexion turn from pale to pink and he quickly let out an anxious, blushing laugh, looking away and down the hall ahead of them, snorting wildly and narrowing his eyes, “You have other friends in there. You wouldn’t be alone.”
With a fond glance in his direction, John turned to beam brightly at the camera lens, his expression lighting up with such intense joy Sherlock couldn’t help but stare, bewildered by those lifted lips, those shining blue eyes — the crinkles beside them a telling sign that John was genuinely
He heard Molly hum from behind the curtain as she began slipping on the yellow cocktail dress, "Alright, well, how much
Since when did John
She smiled sadly and watched him slowly disappear into his uncomfortably small home before quickly calling out, "
The skinny genius’s head shot up at that, and he stared wide-eyed at John, features downturned, repulsion lining every inch of his expression, “Absolutely not.”
Swallowing thickly, he tapped to form a new message and quickly ran his fingers over the keyboard, heart racing with frazzled nerves, his body still shaking with the force of his uncle’s wrath, wrist still throbbing, and mind still anxious over the fact that he was actually asking something of John — something he definitely did not deserve the luxury of.
,” His brother uttered, and suddenly, within a mere instant, he had all of Sherlock’s attention, every last bit, “The Games aren’t just about physical strength.” Mycroft let out a deep breath and shut his eyes momentarily, “With a mind like yours, you have the ability to outsmart everyone. And I expect you to.”
“The dining hall doesn’t close for another hour,” Victor smirked, leaning in close and biting at Sherlock’s neck, “We still have time for one more round. I can wait.”
“This. What I have.”
Mycroft shook his head, “He’s not allowed in.”
“Anyway,” his uncle started up again, uncaring as to what Sherlock had to say in response, lifting a hand and running it through his greasy mess of hair, its unkemptness matching the rest of his figure - clothes unwashed for what looked like several days, button down shirt smelling strongly of cigarettes and booze, “don’t come home after school, yeah? Go to the park, or have a fake homework session with your fake
Beeface for days @
Sherlock turned to him with an affronted glare, as though John had just insulted his mother, curls flat and curled against his forehead.
Bunny @
“That probably sounds bloody odd,” John chuckled in a sort of shameful manner — was he
Sherlock swallowed and inwardly laughed at the question; he wasn't far off honestly.
explain himself when Moran had caught him watching one of the dancer’s routines while waiting for the bell to ring.
Follow reachmyeyes on Twitter for updates.
“You’re known to make stupid decisions when,” Mycroft sniffed, “emotionally compromised.”
“You’re acting like a teenage girl,” Molly giggled from where she was sat on the floor of his bedroom, shuffling through the shirts he had in his drawers, a pile of multicolored jeans laid out across her lap, atop her legging clad crossed legs.
? More than friends? Something else entirely? John had called him his date countless times and the night had surely been suggestively intimate thus far but
Rather than responding, Sherlock simply gave him a concerned look, worry etched into the crease of his brow, and sat up straighter in the passenger seat of John’s car.
John smiled wearily and nodded, his heart clenching in both anxiousness for that day and excitement.
Something in Molly’s expression saddened even further and she turned away, moving to sit down atop the flat’s sofa, far from that particular red armchair Sherlock had shouted at her for sitting in the first time she’d paid him a visit.
“Oh?” Sherlock lifted a brow and cleared his throat, glancing carefully over as the boy next to him began typing out a quick message.
Slowly, her painted fingernails dropped into the glass ball, reaching down, ruffling through the small, white, pristinely folded slips of paper, before yanking out the unlucky name. She lifted it slowly into the air for the crowd to see, before approaching the microphone once more, the cheerful smile still lining her features. Sherlock shut his eyes and listened.
“What?” The brunette asked, expression curious and perplexed, brows drawn together at the sight of John’s wide grin.
At that, John’s smile seemed to falter, the ends of his mouth turning downwards shakily, his eyes dropping to the table where his coffee sat, currently untouched.
was important.
too long, John Watson.”
to be mean to Molly. She was here. And that was more than he could say for others.
"Shut up," Victor snapped, pushing Sherlock's shoulders harder against the wooden shelf and gripping tighter to his thighs, kissing bruises along Sherlock's thin frame, and growling under his breath.
Sherlock didn't.
,” John shrugged his shoulders and pushed himself off of the wall, taking a step closer to the tall brunette leaning against the counter before him, “Can’t have you getting sick on me. Who would I text in literature?”
John paused, blinked, and then chuckled, “I don’t know.”
Beeface for days @
“And last, but certainly not least,” Greg snickered, using the hand not clutching cards, to point elegantly, “Carl Powers, Vice President of the debate club and fastest swimmer on Baker’s swim team.”
John’s heart stopped beating when he spotted the tree across the field void of any lanky Sherlock Holmes pressed against it, but regained its normal rhythm when he spotted the tall figure walking slowly — perhaps
Bunny @
John smiled, grabbing Sherlock’s cup of tea and handing it to him, “Stay for dinner?”
John H. Watson: I just sneezed — I better not be ill.
“You’ve seen it, I assume,” Molly asked as she pulled away, grinning up at John and tucking the loose strands of chestnut brown hair back behind her ears.
The entirety of John’s expression lit up and he quirked a small smile, biting his lip in thought before granting Sherlock a soft shrug and letting out a short huff of amused air, “I always envied those people who managed to get up on a stage, make others smile, and laugh, effortlessly, comfortable with being the center of attention.”
“The party’s on Saturday,” John informed him, biting the side of his cheek, looking amused and enthralled by the very idea that he’d convinced Sherlock Holmes into attending a party with him, “At seven.”
Sherlock stifled a chuckle and then looked up, recollecting that he was alone, incredibly alone, in an empty dance studio. He swallowed and bit his lip, his fingers moving against the keyboard swiftly.
“How often does this happen?” He asked, talking around the frog in his throat.
“New boy, yeah?” The other boy stated softly, grinning down at where John slowly lifted his eyes, catching note of the entirety of the boy’s table watching him from afar.
“Alright?” The blonde asked, brows raised questioningly.
Sherlock felt himself grin, shaking his head at John’s smug expression before allowing himself a small chuckle.
With a wholeheartedly more pleasant set of features, Sherlock went back to watching the agile boy on the field, observing the way he called out to his team mates, the way he occasionally glanced back at the crowd as though in need of proper motivation, the way he bounced in place when he wasn’t in battle, the way, much to Sherlock’s heated cheeks, his shorts hiked up just a bit too far with each long stride forwards. Swallowing thickly, he gazed outwards, watching how that dirty blonde hair shimmered when graced by any single ray of sunlight, admiring those ocean blue eyes, so blue, so
Some of John’s old army mates are there as well, all standing tall, saluting the now boxed in form of a man they’d come to look up to. Even Sarah Sawyer is there, dabbing at her eyes, sniffling alongside them, shaking her head as though she was somehow still in utter denial.
“Hey,” The voice says, warmly, and Sherlock can see that small smile on his face without even needing to turn around. He hurries to remove his keys from his jacket pocket, his fingers trembling, both from the cold, and that stupid blonde rugby captain standing beside his car, only a few feet behind him.
“John really enjoys it,” Molly went on, sighing contently to herself and letting out a soft chuckle, “he secretly likes the competitiveness of it all, I think.” She leaned back against the tree, mirroring Sherlock’s own seating arrangement and glancing at him, a smile broad on her face.
“Well, I am today.”
This was it. John Watson, the boy, whom, unbeknownst to him, had done so very much for Sherlock in the recent past — before they’d even met, before they’d chatted, or reached one another’s eyes. And now, Sherlock was sat in the very same boy’s room, watching, on the very same boy’s
Sherlock felt himself turn pink, and with a shy smile, he glanced down at the ground, his hair falling forwards, damp and wiry, clinging to his skin, and his dark clothing sticking to his body beneath it, sopping wet, and uncomfortably cold.
He watched as Sherlock’s lips did that small familiar quirk before the brunette plopped back down onto the pillows, his curls sprawling out against the multicolored form of his planet shaped pillow and his eyes fluttering shut shortly after, that surreal cerulean blue vanishing.
Sherlock shook his head and cleared his throat, “Nope.”
: I love you so much
“Sherlock,” John warned, arching a disbelieving brow.
John had to agree with the detest in Sherlock's expression. Baker was an interesting school. It was still burdened by cliché - the nerds, the geeks, the punks, the jocks. You chose your bunch and you stuck to them. There was no jumping about or testing the waters. John despised it, well and truly.
, he’d never know. But John’s friends – they were another story.
, then.”
would be available to him — a
Any comments and/or critiques are always welcome and wanted.
I know this is short but I wanted to get a chapter out asap as I will be busy as all hell for the next two weeks.
Romeo, Oh Romeo, You’ve Stooped Low
“Mm?” Sherlock hummed, blinking sleepily, vision bleary as he lifted himself up into a sitting position; John had to drop his hand, regrettably.
Sherlock chuckled.
“You’d best
Sherlock smiled shyly to himself and shook his head in amusement, before quickly adding to his response.
He stomped over and plopped onto the grass, beginning his usual warm up, straightening out one leg and grabbing hold of his shoe, guiding the point of his toe until he felt the pull beneath and along the bottom of his calves – all the while, keeping his eyes trained on one person in particular. He watched as Sebastian Wilkes punched another teammate playfully in the arm, watched as he smirked darkly at another’s joke, watched as he ran spider-like fingers through his black hair.
John stared at him, expression blank, unclear, solidly expressionless before he let out a long sigh and shook his head, arching a single brow and smiling Sherlock’s way, shrugging both his shoulders, “Sherlock, even if that were true, I wouldn’t bloody care.”
. You are an
Before the blonde could say anything else in response, the curvy, thin form of Irene Adler came stumbling out of the crowd of dancers towards them, her wavy hair that had earlier been in a pristine bun now slightly unkempt, long strands hanging out here and there, alien antennas vanished, and a smear of pink lipstick resting against her exposed collarbones. She seemed to gather herself, grace and poise returning as she approached the three of them, plastic cup in her hand, full to the brim, clearly just topped off. She let out a giggle and narrowed her eyes at their faces, shrugging her shoulders and lifting the hand holding her drink to point erratically at their expressions.
Sherlock blinked and noticeably swallowed, glancing away for a moment as if to think before turning back to John once more, “Chores, homework, other such
John nodded, “Left mine at home.”
“Sexy astronaut, I’m guessing?” This
“Your date,” Molly giggled, her brush swooping and smearing a glob of pink paint across her canvas.
Sherlock didn’t hug back, cigarette wilting away at his side, heart refusing to settle down, bitterness leaking from his eyes against his futile efforts to prevent it. He let Molly hug him, let her think she was helping, let her think her friendship was in some way consoling, her own quiet sniffling not unknown to Sherlock’s ears.
? He was so tired of simple-minded youths, their eyes judging and perceptive, every move of someone different posing as some sort of threat to their very reputation. Was it so very bad to be original these days? Unique?
The Theorist @
And John couldn’t bloody well stop it from happening; it was his body’s fault after all — the way his gut twisted, and his skin shivered, and his limbs trembled, and his groin —
Molly had been crushing on Gregory Lestrade for what felt like forever — she wasn’t the kind of girl to sit around and stare dreamily at posters of famous actors, or dwell on old flings, or sob over the beauty of French, male magazine models, but when it came to Greg, she stuttered, she stumbled, she turned into the biggest klutz John had ever seen, and it was sometimes too difficult for him
“And he really enjoys spending time with you, you know,” Molly informed him, and this time he turned to face her fully, her expression open and sincere, and suddenly he felt a desire to actually talk to the girl next to him.
Because Sherlock Holmes didn't
“So,” John began, tone tilted thoughtfully in pitch, “a picky private detective, whom sometimes helps out Scotland Yard, but only if he deems it worthy of his time?”
He simply nodded, his heartbeat far more rapid in his chest now as he thought back to the way John had danced with him in the center of the room to a song he didn’t know but now adored in its entirety — he’d been so close to breaking, to grabbing John’s cheeks and yanking him forward, to pressing lips against lips and chest against chest, hips aligned and knees bumping and
— bloody hell. He grabbed hold of them slowly and blinked blankly down at their folded form in his hands, before shaking himself awake and turning away to set his duffle bag and backpack down at the foot of the door, nervously lifting his eyes to John’s, ocean blue gazing back at him with intrigue.
and yet he felt a chill go up the back of his neck, his veins running cold as the stranger turned to fix his dark eyes on Sherlock’s rigid position; he couldn’t deduce a single detail of the boy, his head spinning, walls of his mind palace shaking, and he immediately turned away to stare at the slightly panicked expression on Sebastian Moran’s face.
Sherlock was suddenly whiter than white, the red dissolving to a pale, deep set anxiousness, his gut twisting in both nervousness and inner emotional turmoil. Because, no. It couldn’t be. John couldn’t possibly be…flirting, could he? No. No, of course not. And if he brought his hopes up as a result of it and found out the very concept of it was an impossibility, a mere joke on the rugby captain’s part, he’d surely shrivel up into a ball of pure embarrassment and self-loathing.
“You don’t want cirrhosis, do you?” John added, smirking and finally taking a bite of the banana in his hand.
“No.”
— and the other clenching and unclenching, finger nails a pale shade of pink. He couldn’t, irritably so, deduce her motive for stopping by, her visits always having been brief and on Wednesday’s, moments of which she would knock gently and enter with a small smile and a one-sided conversation on her lips.
The boy in his passenger seat brightened, his eyes widening for a moment, his mouth curving slightly at the offer, and his posture straightening just a bit as he nodded and hummed to himself, looking away from John and out the window, “Yes.”
John watched as a look of uncertainty flashed in Sherlock’s eyes before the brunette lifted his arms and wrapped them around John’s shoulders, his hands knotting at John’s neck, and in order to soften the nervousness suddenly causing Sherlock’s body to fall tense, John’s grip tightened minutely on his hips. He watched as the dancer blinked, swallowed, and then smiled, bright and relieved.
John felt his cheeks redden and he quickly reached for his planet shaped pillow to launch the thing at her head. She let out a string of laughter as she caught the cushion and then moved to sit beside him, hugging it to her chest and smiling bright and warm, the pride in her eyes genuine as she elbowed him softly in the ribcage.
John scoffed and spun in his chair, lifting his hands up towards the ceiling and shrugging his shoulders, “Well, coaches? They don’t give two blinking fucks.”
Sherlock couldn’t contain the slight chuckle that slipped through, and he quickly brought a hand to his mouth, attempting to block out the wide smile that threatened to break his features as he listened to John’s own giggle emanate throughout the rest of the surrounding noise. When their amusement faded and silence took over, Sherlock mentally kicked himself, taking a deep breath and sitting up straighter in his seat at the small coffee shop booth.
“Moronic,” Sherlock had stated, plain and simply, slapping the book closed with both hands and lifting himself up from his small, leather chair, leaving the novel behind and strolling over to where he’d left his violin, tucked away in its case, beside the window sill.
“If I don’t push you, you’ll still be lusting over her from afar when you’re forty, mate.”
“Our poor janitor.”
For once, he didn’t feel like the clever one.
It angered Sherlock, as much as he never wanted to be angry at those blue, innocent eyes or that warm, currently missing, smile.
: what what what what what happened, don’t be ominous John
— smiled, and Sherlock glanced at the outstretched hand, the other expertly balancing the full, heavy box as he awaited Sherlock’s acceptance of the gesture and his own introduction.
Not that he looks at him now.
Sherlock stared at the boy next to him, took in the swoop of his edged jaw, the curve of his throat, the lashes atop his eyelids that stood soft and gentle against the tan nature of his complexion; he stared at the warmth behind that gaze and felt his heart soar.
“No,” Sherlock muttered.
he snapped at himself. He just had to ask. That was all. Simple. Easy. Polite. They could hang out, Sherlock could talk to John for a bit, allow his uncle time to calm down, time to drink himself unconscious, and then he’d sneak back in and come up with something to do on his Sunday-away-from-home. Good. Fine. Grand.
. Because
Sherlock remembered reading a book once on the stages of grief and their idiotic affect on the human condition, on the mind and the body and the way one acts or goes about their new life. He remembers so distinctly, sitting in his chair, frowning at the text clad pages, scoffing at the descriptions, at the surreality of it all, the way they spoke as if everyone experienced grief the same, as though everyone suffered through the same five stages. John had been there, across from him, his worn hands gripping tight to a mystery novel, one of those stupid crime stories that end in triumph and romance.
That’s what friends did, wasn't it?
: HNNNNG SHARE WITH THE CLASS?
: im already obsessed with the concept of you two
that dedicated,” John shrugged and focused his attention back on the road.
John bobbed his head happily and removed himself from the table, stepping to the side and turning towards the exit doors, but not before throwing a short, simple, “It’s a date,” over his shoulder and sending Sherlock’s organs into complete and utter true failure this time as he disappeared into the crowd of Baker’s impatient students.
— sure, his body and heart yelled profanity at him, shouted at him for the thoughts he allowed to surface, told him to pin John Watson against a wall and kiss him senseless, say those three words and let the future guide him where it desired, act on his wants for once, his needs, his necessities, his demand to be John Watson’s, but his head — his
Harry frowned and turned her head to watch him carefully, “And what came after?”
“John,” The silver-haired boy beside him uttered, “Can we talk?”
: SPILL. THE. TEA.
“Party trick,” James uttered in addition.
“No thanks, git,” John lifted his tea in gratitude and beamed brightly at his sister, and Sherlock watched as she simply rolled her eyes once more and vanished with the soft click of the closing of John’s bedroom door.
, perhaps it’s his mother’s, but he’s clearly in his seventies, and,” Sherlock inhaled and lifted his arm to point discretely forwards, “if you watch his hands, he has a habit of running a single finger over where his ring should be. So, recently widowed then.”
Sherlock simply nodded to take part in the conversation whilst Greg rolled his eyes and let out a long groan, resting his elbow on the table and his chin atop his out splayed hand.
And now his sanity was buried six feet deep beneath sand, and dirt and bits of grass, all tangled up in roots, wiry wooden ropes holding his coffin to the Earth, suffocating the entirety of who he was and who he would never be again.
? His legs felt like weights, his arms spaghetti; his fingers were trembling, his body shuddering, shaking, shivering — everything was off. Nothing was right, everything was wrong, false, incorrect, amiss, awry,
He watched as the boy before him glanced down at his soaked clothes, his nose scrunching just slightly before his lips quirked at the corners, lifting up into a shy smile as he turned his head to peer back at John, wet curls shaping his expression, kaleidoscope eyes even brighter with the damp hue of his hair — he was all ebony and turquoise and John was such a goner,
John grinned, “Alright, mate, take a moment to breathe, yeah?”
John cleared his throat, staring straight ahead, “With what?”
Here we go! The adventure begins again. And it begins with gays and kissing. Love that for us.
— and rolling down his window, wincing as water splattered the inner form of his door and the tattered leather of his steering wheel.
him? He supposed it explained why he’d come crashing into the ballet studio the other day — any sooner and Sherlock would’ve been utterly and unexpectedly outed. It had been too close a call. And,
“I play the violin when I’m thinking,” He announced, a brow arched challengingly, admiring the way the boy’s face changed into a look of amused confusion. Internally, he was
The dancer’s around them slowed as the music began to fade out, each note growing fainter and fainter, and John reluctantly pulled back a slight bit to better face the boy before him, Sherlock’s own expression aware of the song’s end, and John swore he saw a quick twitch of disappointment flash in those sculpted features.
John blanched, a glare immediately taking the place of that warm smile, fierce and dark, a warning of some sort tweaking his earlier sincerity. Before he could bite out any such thing, however, Harriet Watson stepped forwards and held out a hand, beaming brightly at Sherlock, of whom stood, confused and incredibly nervous — what did Harry know? What had John told her? Perhaps she’d been informed of how very damaged and pitiful Sherlock Holmes, the lonely chemistry-loving nut, truly was — but no, John surely didn’t see him as such. Did he?
Sherlock swallowed the lump in his throat and dropped his eyes to the gravel beneath his feet, kicking a stone with the toe of his ugly, tattered brown boots.
John smiled to himself, shaking his head and lifting apple to his lips. Gregory Lestrade - always sweet but terribly oblivious.
And he certainly couldn’t run away from the Games.
Sherlock couldn’t speak, aside from a weak, shaky, “It’s you.”
“And,” Sherlock swallowed, grunting a bit to clear his throat before turning just slightly towards John, body language curious and open, expression soft but still somewhat tense, “And you?”
,” John blinked and frowned, “they do exist.”
“And I usually sit with the rugby blokes,” Lestrade stated as he slammed the empty carton down atop his tray, lifting a lazy finger to the table across the cafeteria, Sebastian Wilkes reaching across its surface to shove at James Sholto, grinning that wolfish grin and setting Sherlock’s nerves on fire. “But they’re all a bunch of dicks so, here I am.”
At the sound of John scoffing, Sherlock whirled back to face him, frown widening into a look of utter confusion as the boy he was so very in love with giggled that infamously adorable giggle.
Sherlock nodded, because there was no doubt that he wouldn’t. He’d go anywhere, if he knew John Watson was waiting on the other side.
“Oh, come off it,” John chuckled lightly, keeping his tone soft and inviting, “What is it?”
“Satisfactory,” Sherlock hummed, glancing at John with an amused smirk, to which John let out a warm chuckle, nodding his head and removing his key from the car.
, he was
John rolled his eyes and strolled onwards, trying his best to ignore the daft idiot on his left as they approached the grassy field, caked in both mud and their opposing team. Instantly, his eyes shot up to scan the crowd, roaming over the mindless parents all reconnecting and throwing their heads back at brainless jokes and the little kids holding slowly melting ice cream cones, given to them in order to keep them still and happy for the duration of the match. He swept his eyes over the group of people still filing in, finding their seats along the bleachers, unfolding chairs or blankets and placing them atop the soft, green grass.
Sherlock glanced down between them, watching their feet step from side to side, matching the beat of the music, steady and consistent, his cheeks burning pink as he bit his lip, and swallowed. “Dancing with a partner.”
“Yeah, bit weird, mate,” James scoffed, punching John lightly in the shoulder before leaning back in the plastic blue chair of his desk.
Sherlock swore someone had just lit his body on fire, cheeks aflame, muscles burning, gut twisting to let the numerous butterflies in to consume him. He couldn’t help the slight puff of air that escaped his lips in amusement and he peered over at John with a shake of his head, biting his lip at the boy driving the car, still entirely flummoxed with every word that left his mouth.
“I’ve wanted to kiss you for so long,” John whispered gently, staring into the bright eyes that looked back at him with admiration and desire and trust and warmth —
"You're such a worry wort," She squeaked in amusement, ducking back into the changing room, "Just give him your mobile number."
emotional man he’d ever met. In the best ways possible.
“Sherlock,” John responded, tone of voice sharp, reprimanding, causing Sherlock to flinch with the effect of it all, his heart racing as the man sitting atop the sink’s counter glared directly through him, “Care to explain to me why you nearly bloody drowned in the damned tub?”
And yet, the very same boy had pressed his lips to John’s and apologized for it — which, of course, John couldn’t allow for a single moment. He replayed the scene over and over in his head, mind whirling with the surreality of it, the press of soft, plush skin, the way Sherlock’s tongue felt against his own, the way those curls felt between his fingers, damp and cold and perfect. And he reveled over the fact that he’d kissed a boy, a beautiful, ethereal, godly boy, and it hadn’t been different, it hadn’t felt weird, or uncomfortable or awkward — in fact, it had been the best kiss of his life. Better than Sarah in the bowling joint’s alleyway, and Jeanette just outside the movie theaters, and even Beth behind the rugby field bleachers. Nothing compared to Sherlock, to his lips or his breath or his curls or his sounds, and John was sure gender had nothing to do with it — he was Sherlock and John was John and John really, really,
Lifting the small device upwards, hidden between his stomach and the bottom of his desk, his fingers expertly went to work, questions coursing through his mind at rapid speed.
: excuse me who is the duo of @
“John,” He uttered softly, voice a bit hoarse as he met those two, shimmering oceans once more.
“To me, yes.”
“What color are your eyes?” John asked with a smirk, frowning.
“I can be at yours at six,” John smiled, getting to his feet, “We could grab a bite before we go?”
“We’re just friends,” John repeated, somewhat reluctantly, before shrugging his shoulders again and glancing back at the school’s front entrance, knowing the bell would soon ring for his first class of the day.
Unable to help himself, Sherlock snorted, glancing at John with an appalled expression of both horror and amusement, “Mess?
And that revelation utterly enveloped his every little thought as he stared forwards, the very same boy gripping tight to a small, bathroom towel and shuffling it against his hair, chocolate curls falling this way and that, tumbling against his forehead, lying still damp against his ear, the gel from his “
When John turned back around, his expression was amused and fond, and he slowly made his way over to Sherlock once more, sitting himself right back down on the mattress of the bed, closer this time, so close, in fact, that their knees softly touched. He glanced at Sherlock, the same twist of features, a look that spoke wonders, ocean blue eyes sparkling just slightly and soft, pink lips twitching in a small, crooked smile. They stayed that way for more than a moment, simply looking at one another, deep navy meeting ethereal cerulean and silver, before Sherlock’s hot cheeks couldn’t take it any longer, and his innermost thoughts were far too close to taking action — thinking things like
’s and your ‘
The boy, of whom went by the name of
"Back again I see," She chuckled, drawing back to look him in the eyes, her warm smile gracing the soft, round curves of her kind expression, "I don't see why you won't just join my class."
Sherlock Holmes was still having difficulty comprehending the sight before him, the number displayed across his phone screen, and it wasn’t often that he had difficulty with anything — but this involved John, and anything involving John seemed incredibly difficult for some reason. Emotions, he assumed.
Sherlock blinked, cleared his throat and turned away once more, “I have no idea what you’re talking about.”
, since when was simply holding hands this nice? John led him through the group of people, close behind Molly and Greg, and stopped once they were in a less crowded area, away from the potential of being forced to bump hips or subjected to a grind here and a grope there. Molly met his eyes instantly as she began to sway back and forth in front of Greg, and the smug smile lining her features told John everything he needed — she wouldn’t have taken no for an answer.
“Intense, isn’t it?” She hummed, facing the field with him and beaming brightly to herself, a hand coming up to adjust her bun before wrapping around her legs in an attempt to keep her bare skin warm.
Sherlock shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat, swallowing the knot of nerves forming deep in his gut, his stomach rolling in ever-present anxiety, his mind swelling with thoughts of John telling the world, spreading his supposed secret to all of Baker, the taunts in the hallway far worse than ever before —
John fiddled with his own dinner tray and let out a soft laugh, chest clenching happily with the feeling of inclusion, the boy’s amongst him swarming him with a sensation of instant companionship.
In person?
. Stupid,
Sat there on the bench in the boy’s locker room, removing his flannel, warm and worn down from a long day of classes, revealing the expense of a pale stomach, lean and toned from year’s of hard practice and rugby training…
Hey readers. x
: so lots of #beeface tags going about with the comments between @
“What about you then?” John asked, cocking his head to the side.
In a moment of pure panic, he ducked inside a janitor’s closet, colliding with a dirty mop before spinning around and silently shutting the door behind him, holding his breath, body shaking with anxiousness.
“You want to be a doctor,” Sherlock added, eyes fixated on the blonde now, as though trying to see right through him, the mix of colors nearly enchanting as they bore into John’s own.
“He’s saying
was; to the internet and his subscribers he symbolized an entirely new species of human. Because there, he was
Sherlock instantly shrugged his hand off at the piteous tone and scowled, glaring over his shoulder and snapping, "Ask your
Bee Baby @
He wasn't sure what to say. If he were to say something now, it would be sentimental. And he couldn't be sentimental. He couldn't. Not when he was about to start preparing for the reaping. He couldn't give in to sentiment now, of all times.
“Watch where you’re bloody going,” Sherlock snapped out, “
Moran balked at that, his eyes widening, and before Sherlock gave him the chance to take a swing, he slammed the door shut and pushed forwards in the direction Sebastian had told him earlier. No, he wouldn’t say anything, he wouldn’t share his new evidence, expose the boy of whom had threatened him countless times, insulted his very existence for what felt like a lifetime. It wasn’t his place to
“Good morning.” Sherlock swallowed and told himself to stop staring,
“If you start talking about the weather, I’m turning around,” Sherlock quipped, one eyebrow lifted in suspicion as he gazed sharply and sideways at John, the corners of his mouth downturned.
His heart ached. He missed Redbeard.
“Shut up, you,” John snapped softly before leaning the entirety of his weight against Sherlock’s side, so much so that Sherlock had to brace himself from falling off the other end of the chair.
It was how he stayed organized – listing and graphing and charting and planning and sketching and devising all the next video ideas, all the notes for new songs, both musical and textual, all the different movements to perform across the shiny, wood floor of the school’s empty studio.
John arched a brow and glanced back down at his phone, locking it shut with the press of a button and clearing his throat, removing the remaining headphone from his ear, “Why are you inviting me and not Stamford?”
The rugby captain sprinted up to his right and walked alongside him, following his tall figure through the chain-link gate and onto the black gravel of the parking lot, Sherlock’s long strides forward silent where as John’s rugby shoes clicked along the ground.
With a small smile, he gave the dog a gentle kiss on the nose, chuckling in spite of himself, "Lucky mutt."
With a snort, he rolled his eyes and looked away from the device, grabbing for his pen again and reaching to throw his notebook open, aggravation swelling within him, his shoulders tense as he inhaled sharply, eager for everyone, in his thoughts as well, to leave him alone.
, it sounded
“Yes, and a pretentious one,” Sherlock added with a chuckle, which in turn made John smile, warm and wide.
“— need you to look at —“
Sherlock could feel it slipping farther, “I never asked you to stick around, are we clear? So don’t you
’ or something like that,” Mike grinned and the boys sitting around him snorted, shaking their heads in something both mocking and yet still fond; Stamford was one of the most lovable of the group — it was hard to degrade him on anything.
John swallowed and glanced over at him, taking in Sherlock wide eyes and blank stare, the slight tremble in his stance beside him, and instantly shook his head.
“Probably best if we dry off,” John hummed to him, smile warm and gentle, “Kissing in the rain is a sure way of getting sick.”
“These are my mates, John,” Greg lifted a hand and gestured to the other boy’s at the table, their faces similarly sincere and bright, and John was hit with a wave of gratitude, that these boy’s had been the first he’d run into today, that they’d seemingly taken him under wing.
“Look,” he began, smile apologetic, “its just a hunch, yeah? No going and getting our hopes up.”
Theballetbee was a man who danced and composed — and nothing more.
200 views. 167 Likes, 0 Dislikes.
, but because he was entirely in love with John Watson and the amount of shared touch they were currently involved in was beginning to drive him insane; God help him.
“I’m fine,” He murmured, sighing loudly and kicking at the muddy ground with his cleats.
“Different how?” Sherlock whispered, his voice quivering and far weaker than he would have liked.
“So, why are you here then?” Molly squeaked from beside him.
Sherlock froze, facing the handle of the bathroom door and swallowing his outrage and fear, the combination of both sticking thickly in his throat as he heard John take a step closer, breathing shallow and almost uneasy.
John scoffed bitterly and glanced at him, “Depends. You done being a massive cock?”
“If you start on about the weather, I’m leaving,” John reiterated, wide smirk still present as he watched Sherlock, his eyes bright and warm over the rim of his own coffee cup.
Sherlock Holmes was like the mystery novels John’s mother read to him as a kid — jam-packed with hidden romance and nervous interactions and action that served to take your mind through a loop of perplexity and obscurity. John was entirely prepared to purchase such a book.
? Bloody hell, he couldn’t possibly be.
“Don’t.”
— John could
he supposed.
And that was the honest truth. Sherlock Holmes knew he would never fall in love. He knew he would be a terrible father. He also knew that he surely wouldn't voluntarily put himself into a situation of which held, and relied on, so much…emotion.
“I suppose it must feel different now,” Sherlock finally murmured, voice low and soft, deep as it rumbled out alongside John’s own, whilst he determinedly, desperately, tried not to meet the boy’s eyes, his breath catching in his throat as he winced. “Now that you know the truth. Now that you’ve
, but not only a friend, a friend like
John swallowed nervously, feeling his cheeks redden as he pretended to focus more-so on his phone than the conversation at hand, Molly’s eyes turned to him now and paintbrush unmoving in her hand, “I just did that to be nice.”
With a scowl, he dropped the rugby player and turned towards the exit once more, Greg’s hand remaining a comforting presence atop his shoulder, as he left Sebastian Wilkes behind him, laughing at his turned back. He sped out of the gym locker room without another look back, and into the fresh air just outside, taking a deep breath to calm his racing heartbeat, his thoughts afire with outrage. Never had he felt such hatred for another person before — so much so it was, honestly, slightly terrifying. Sure, he’d never liked Wilkes, frankly he’d found him repulsive, but
arse, Freak?” She snorted, taking note of his scrunched nose, his furrowed brow, the entirety of his face creased with both disappointment and irritation as he gazed adamantly forward.
He turned, keeping his eyes on the boy by the tree until he couldn’t stretch his neck far enough anymore and walked towards the locker room, following the scattered number of his fellow teammates as they headed in the same direction, tired and slumped, but still vibrating with the highlight of their victory.
With a gesture of fond affirmation, John went about finishing his lunch.
He couldn’t hold back the pang in his heart when, by the time he was washed, dressed for bed, and lying beneath the covers, he still hadn’t received a response.
“Here’s what I think John,” Lestrade stated genuinely, eyes wide now and brows lifted, “Who’s to say he has to be the one to tell you?”
As if she could read his mind, Molly piped up, “You and John seemed comfortable on the dance floor.”
human.
“Said he should tell John. How he feels,” Molly squeaked, staring wide-eyed at Irene still leaning against her, heavily by the looks of it.
John smiled down at his phone, shaking his head in amusement as he stealthily held the device between himself and his desk, hidden from his English teacher’s view.
“What do you mean ‘
“Take him and cut him out in little stars,” John whispered, hands moving along Sherlock’s back, up his spine towards his shoulders, palms running against each curve, each muscle, each bone, nimble fingers caressing in further detail, intricacy lined with grace and gentle intent, before those same, soft hands moved up to gently cup the sharp form of Sherlock’s jaw, “and he will make the face of heaven so fine, that all the world will be in love with the night.”
The shrill ringing of a phone jolted John out of his useless imaginings and he bolted upright in his bed, glancing over at Sherlock’s black backpack and wincing slightly. With entirely noble intentions in mind, he slipped from his mattress and knelt down beside the bag, listing for the ringing and unzipping the smallest pocket, the minute form of a mobile tucked gently within it, a little damp but seemingly in good working condition.
“We’re not that good, lad,” James smirked, flinging a carrot at Greg’s head, before turning to John and lifting his hand in a quick wave.
wasn’t even working. Where was he?
Sherlock’s heart swelled at the words and he found himself turning to face the boy, gazing wishfully into the blue pools of his oceanic eyes, his line of sight dropping down briefly to John’s lips, before he caught himself and turned away, nodding his head both slowly and gratefully, hoping the boy hadn’t noticed his fumbling slip-up and speedy recovery. But as he glanced at John in the corner of his eye, he could see the boy frowning, as though terribly concentrated on Sherlock’s profile, as though he was running something over in his head, processing, coming to some sort of conclusion on how to take action, on how to react. And when Sherlock turned back to John, the boy was staring back — at his lips. Sherlock’s mind imploded, and his heart froze, and all of a sudden the urge to lean in was overwhelming, consuming him, pulling him in to the hazy look in those two dreadfully tempting oceans, beckoning him forwards —
With a sigh, he watched as his maths teacher spoke animatedly into his phone, sitting straight at his desk, tapping a pencil rapidly against his textbook, fully invested and seemingly unbothered by the full classroom awaiting his direction. Sherlock hummed to himself. Oh
Harry sighed and rolled her eyes, crossing her arms and jutting out a hip, "Better start figuring that out then," She winked, leaning against his bed post, "so you can ask him on a date and all."
John blinked.
“What are you,
Greg turned and arched a brow.
— grin, and Sherlock glared back suspiciously, observing with a thrumming heart as John clicked the ‘
“Knew my dad was gay before I did,” Mike huffed, laughing a bit nervously and pushing up his glasses.
Replacing his irritated expression with a blank mask, he lifted his nose a bit and shrugged a single shoulder, swallowing thickly to himself as he watched John’s expression change from curiosity to concern.
And then she sighed too, and they were suddenly both silent as they sat in the homey car, John’s fingers numb with the cold blowing in from the open windows, Harry’s ears slightly pink, matching the tone of her lipstick rather well. He glanced at her, an appreciative smile lining his slowly softening features, as an overwhelming swell of fondness swept through his stomach — he wasn’t sure what he’d do without her most days.
him like everyone else chose to.
Perhaps John would join him like he had the last few days. He’d like that. No. What was he saying? No, he’d despise that, John should stay away, John should ignore him, toss him aside like Sebastian Wilkes loved doing, kick him to the metaphorical curb. He really should, then Sherlock could replace his stupid, little crush to feelings of resentment and loathing.
John rolled his eyes and chuckled, glancing at the boy, then the road, and then back again, “Oh,
With a roll of his eyes, Sherlock sneered playfully at John before looking away to avoid blushing yet again, much to his own distasteful embarrassment. He grabbed for his cup and took a cooler sip, reveling in the sharp bitterness coffee had to offer and the tangy sweetness of those two invaluable spoons of sugar.
The organ banging against his chest increased in pace so ridiculously, he could practically feel his body jolting with the force of it. With a shaky hand, he ran his fingers through his hair and tried desperately to hold back the thick blush forming along his cheeks, rosy pink and telling, apparently, as John snickered and got to his feet in one solid swoop upwards.
Abigail W. @
ringing in his ears.
“Oh, yeah? How come?”
, and, within a conversation, one text sent from his own phone to what could only be a certain rugby captain’s. A small, winking emoticon.
, in his entirety.
Sherlock glanced away, wincing slightly and staring down at himself — christ, what must he look like? He was sprawled out atop the sheets — he imagined John had probably had to force his way under the covers whilst Sherlock dozed on — dressed in his old clothes, simple and dark in shade per usual, black jumper and grey jeans. His hair was, more than likely, in disarray, his features still lightly bruised — he was positively shameful, pathetic really. John was the sun, shining bright, warm and friendly and enjoyed by all, and Sherlock — well — Sherlock was the moon, forcing everyone into their homes when he arose, souls hiding away from his own dull shimmer, even the many stars around him staying clear of his presence. Lonesome and different, amongst a crowd of normality.
, Sherlock recited quietly, sighing to himself, as the images flickering before him made the Capitol out to be some sacred paradise, all announced through the voice of President Snow, the devil himself.
Sherlock shut his eyes, shook his head, and sighed.
Molly smirked and walked over to his desk, grabbing her purse and keys before turning back to him with a grin and waving him her way with a flick of her head, “Come on, lover boy. Let’s go find a charity shop.”
, and it’s okay to
The Capitol. All big buildings and metal skyscrapers. Strangely shaped homes and houses – a futuristic feel implanting itself in each and every work of architecture that made up the whole of the big city. Everything so grey and dull – contrasted by the people of the Capitol strutting around like rainbows, this way and that.
?” He scoffed, raising one thick, black eyebrow at John, who sat discretely glaring his way, before running a hand over his slicked-back, black hair.
Sure, he thought Sherlock was rather adorable, beautiful honestly, with those incandescent eyes and curls that swooped like melted chocolate, and the snowy white flawlessness of his skin, but - well, he wasn't gay.
“You’ve been staring at me since you sat down,” Sherlock sighed heavily and flipped the page of the tattered, worn notebook he was scribbling furiously in, now entirely out in the open.
"I," Sherlock cleared his throat, and turned, facing John but still watching the locker room tiles, "I like your videos."
John instantly slammed a foot on the brakes, slowing his speed, glancing in his rearview mirror for any other cars behind his own — none
“Careful, John,” The rugby captain heard from his right, and he whirled around to face Sebastian Moran of whom was now sauntering over to where they sat, Mike hobbling behind him with a playful glare attached to his semi-chubby features. “You might get abducted too.”
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and arched a brow, desperately trying to force his brain into forgetting how very close the two of them were, and hummed, “What?”
Sherlock scoffed and shook his head, “You were —
music, you mean,” He declared, pushing his phone closer to the others and directing his full attention to John.
Silence hung between the two of them, besides the ever-present chirping of nearby birds, the chatter of people resounding from the district's center square, and the sniffles emanating from their mother sauntering patiently behind them.
John rolled his eyes and followed as she turned back towards the dressing room, guiding the both of them once more into the little hallway where she yet again disappeared into the fitting area.
Did you miss me?
“Molly normally eats lunch in the art room,” John explained, grabbing for his eating utensils and settling on using his fork, “but the genius forgot her lunch at home.”
John smirked, remembering their last conversation in which Sherlock responded in such a way, and shook his head in amusement.
John hummed and bobbed his head in understanding, his brows furrowing as he thought about it; it made sense, why people wouldn't particularly like that, but it merely made John all the more excited - Sherlock Holmes was a wonder, a puzzle he wished to solve.
did you fucking stop?”
“Sherlock?” John smiled, voice soft, gentle and inviting, “Are you going?”
“Molls, you won’t believe what just happened,” John practically squeaked, smiling wide against his mobile and staring directly at the fine print, sitting directly beneath his newest video.
Their eyes met and within an instant John was retracting his hand, holding it to his heart and looking incredibly regretful, frowning in shame and unspoken apology. Sherlock inhaled sharply and swallowed the fear that had slowly risen from the bottom of his gut, pulse racing, mind whirling in confusion.
“— Sherlock, please —“
Sherlock swallowed, “No key.”
With a flick of his head, John gestured to the street's sidewalk, smiling encouragingly and observing the way Sherlock tightened his grip on his backpack - just his backpack, duffle bag missing today - and followed quickly until he was right beside John.
He felt a sudden hand on his arm, gripping tight and halting his movements forward, and he gazed at Greg in suspicious confusion, arching a brow as his eyes darted to glare at the fingers digging into his bicep.
,” he bit out, reiterating the boy’s words, “is it
Just once more.
John scoffed and glanced up at his friend, sighing and lifting a hand to squeeze the bridge of his nose, irritation and frustration swelling to the forefront of his mind, and, much to his disdain, clouding the earlier moments of his day he’d been so very pleased about.
John shot her a desperate glare.
dancer.”
He would be himself. And he didn’t care about what happened as a result of it.
care, I truly
“You’re not fooling anyone Sherlock Holmes,” John Watson smiled, “You’re an absolute
He took in the heavy-set smirks of Sebastian Wilkes and James Sholto, their expressions hungry for action as they hopped up and down, fingers shaking and legs bouncing, the entirely of their muscle clad figures fueled by anticipation. Mike was stood off to one side, chatting aimlessly with Sebastian Moran and the rest of the team, all matching in their red and white uniforms, Baker’s mascot and emblem stretched across the front, their player numbers across the back.
John slammed his locker shut and turned around to face them, glancing at Greg and Mike still pulling on their gear, before glaring at both James and Sebastian, the two practically sneering at him, “No, seriously.
Beeface for days @
sort of life, you know.” He smirked as she plummeted down onto the bed beside him, mindful of the other boxes of things, panting and sighing loudly, gesturing to his room with a flick of her hand.
“So, you tend to blow stuff up occasionally I’m assuming?
“You’d freeze to death first.”
“How that lipstick stayed on, I’ll never know,” John chuckled, thinking back to how reverently Sherlock was digging into his pasta.
“Oh, shut up, Moran,” Mike chimed in, rolling his eyes as the both of them seated themselves down, Mike next to John, and Sebastian across from him, James at his side. “He was never bloody abducted.”
You all know that my best friend passed away so it's been very difficult for me lately, however I am still pushing on and hell, it's a new year. So, Happy New Year, mind you. And Happy holidays, since I missed you all on that.
Comments (645)…
Half delirious from lack of sleep, he stumbled out of his mundane, white bed sheets, groaning to himself and running a hand through his hair as he reached for the door handle, yanking the slab open to reveal Uncle Siger, looking irritated and wholly sleep deprived.
Trying desperately to hold back a wide grin, and a thick blush, Sherlock turned away from John, staring wide-eyed down at his phone and ignoring his desire to chuckle. John was a marvel, that’s for sure. But Sherlock couldn't. No. The texting outside of their classes, when Sherlock was home or in the studio, was bad enough as it was - there was no way Sherlock needed to spend more time with John. There was no way Sherlock needed to get to know John better, or become John’s friend, or learn about John, or stare at John while he sipped coffee in the small diner down the block. No need. He wanted to, yes. But unless he wants the flames of his inner crush to completely burn him alive, he had to stop this - he had to refuse.
“Not my fault you can’t contain yourself.”
Butterbum @
He swallowed, “Why
? Now, if someone left the two of them alone on an island, side by side, he’d surely kill Sebastian Wilkes without a day to spare, merely for some peace and quiet.
: the fact that you just shout him out is so cute
“So,” Molly said with a grin as John slammed the door of his prehistoric car Thursday morning, slipping his cellphone into his pocket upon her arrival before him and arching a brow her way, suspicious of her short greeting and lack of ‘hello’.
“Have you ever felt so responsible for someone that every time you see them get hurt a part of you just,” John swallowed and frowned, in search of the right word, “
"Okay, so he's smart; that doesn't make him a freak."
She glanced down at the ground, then in another direction completely, before gazing directly at him, eyes bright with worry, lips quivering just slightly, "How many times is your name in there?"
“Excuse me?” Sherlock blinked, staring wide-eyed her way, heart pounding at the thought of kissing John Watson on the lips,
Mars @
Much to his own resentment, he felt a spark of pure and simple envy fizzle in the depths of his gut, his vision tinting faintly green as he stared at the girl — he knew they simply weren’t involved, and never would be, John thinking far too highly of her as a best friend. But he couldn’t help but be jealous of their closeness, of the ease in which she touched him, in which he greeted her.
“Well,” the voice came again, now at the door opposite Sherlock’s and the curly-haired brunette turned to observe him, standing there, with his enormous amount of cased music, looking for all the world like he’d just won the lottery.
John shrugged, eager to keep himself together, and cleared his throat, “It's nearly the weekend. Most people do stuff on the weekend, ya know?” He took another bite of his apple.
Sherlock blinked, the skin between his brows creasing in confusion, his body straightening a bit with the question, before he turned away and took off out of the kitchen, blue dressing gown flying upwards behind him, heading back into the living room and grabbing desperately for a cigarette, a pack and a lighter thrown arbitrarily on the surface of his coffee table. He lifted the fag to his lips with shaking fingers and quickly lit the end, the first drag like a miracle, hands and body trembling as smoke danced out of his mouth when he exhaled.
“No, I’ll remain out of frame, thank you very much,” Sherlock scoffed.
All the best, and all my love to you.
“Sherlock,” He called out, and stepped up to the door, “Pretty sure your brother is calling you.”
John looked up instantly, a grin practically plastered to his face at this point, and let out a soft laugh, “Besides YouTube, you mean?”
“Much too pressing,” Sherlock sniffed, “I’d gladly aid the police, God knows they need it, but I won’t be anyone’s problem solver. I’d take cases only if I found them interesting.”
With a soft growl, he reached for his shirt, lugging it slowly off and standing bare-chested in his black tights and pale pink ballet shoes. Stepping gracefully over to his duffle bag and pulling out his phone, he tapped in his pass code and brought up his music, scrolling through his playlists till he found the song he’d planned his next routine to. Smiling lightly to himself, he turned up the volume of ‘
“So,” The brunette muttered shyly, staring at the table and sticking his hands into his sweatshirt’s front pockets, finger clenching inwards and outwards, frantic with indecision, “you won’t tell anyone?”
And when the Peacekeeper had told her that her time was up, his mother had nodded solemnly, touched his hand, and given him a kiss on the cheek, whispering into his ear that she loved him with all her heart, and that no matter what happened, he would forever be her hero.
“What you doin’ sittin’ with
: omg you need to do more videos together, you’re both freaking adorable I’m living
“Fine,” Sherlock cleared his throat, “Black, two sugars.”
John shook his head.
“Why are you here?” Sherlock snapped suddenly, and then winced — he hadn’t meant to sound so very harsh, his tone sharp and cold, a mask of ice laced beneath his words. However, from Molly’s unchanged expression, she clearly saw straight through him, the way he’d grimaced in regret, his brows furrowing, his mouth twitching downwards, his eyes darting carefully over her features.
Sherlock frowned and leaned his forearms on the table, interest in the depths of those kaleidoscope eyes, “Used to?” John was sure Sherlock already knew the answer to his question but he saw the careful intrigue in his features, as though he simply wished to hear John say it himself.
“And he does what?” Mike Stamford asked, staring intently at John, rather wrapped up in the blonde’s story as he bit into a chocolate bar.
His best mate let out a hearty laugh and shook his head, beaming warmly and rolling his eyes just slightly at John's sour expression, "Lad, your fans will understand."
Sherlock swallowed.
theballetbee
Sherlock narrowed his eyes as though waiting for John to change his mind, or, perhaps, trying desperately to figure out if John was simply offering out pity or not. With a calculating gaze and a slight nod of his head, Sherlock agreed to his proposition and soon John was leading them towards the familiar dingy, beaten up automobile.
Victoria @
Before John could even attempt to respond, Sherlock’s low toned voice had already continued, soft syllables formed with a sleepy tongue.
Sherlock gulped down the knot in his throat and glanced at the clothes in John’s outstretched hand, his brain throbbing as it threw a multitude of varying thoughts his way, chaotic and wild;
“How will people contact you with a case then?” She asked, hope titling her question’s tone as she watched him stick a fork into the cold dish of noodles.
No, Sherlock would stutter and cower and hunch and blubber some stupid excuse about having laundry to do and would disappear in an instant, sprinting far from John Watson's view and into a dark abyss of which he'd never resurface from.
He watched on as James Sholto clapped a hand on John’s back and handed him a ping-pong ball, the group observing with eager eyes as he gave it a toss and scored immediately. Sherlock smiled and swallowed the knot in his throat, staring down at his feet and shuffling uneasily — he wondered to himself what John and he were.
here texting one another.”
things, but he let the disappointment of having to wave Sherlock goodbye after class at the back of his mind, sighing and forcing himself to open his gym locker, holding on to his happy thoughts and setting forth a plan to race through practice with ease, so he could get home and text his friend to his heart’s content once more.
He didn’t move. Instead, he stood and felt the droplets of water slide from the curls of his hair to the bridge of his nose and suddenly he was thanking Mother Nature for its impromptu drizzle, tears vanishing quite effectively with the outlook of rain.
"Isn't that kind of," John bit his lip, "flirtatious?"
He watched as the rugby captain grinned and nodded his head, before reaching forwards and yanking the door open, stepping in to a chatty classroom, students holding their playbooks up and yelling at one another passionately, worksheets before them. He suppressed a groan and slipped past Ms. Montgomery unnoticed, brain spinning and thoughts whirling as he plummeted into the hard surface of his wooden desk, throwing a fist beneath his chin and glaring forwards, already laying out his plan of staring into the abyss for the rest of the class period.
Sherlock hesitated, swallowed nervously, bit his lip and then nodded.
He continued humming.
He'd never had much luck with anything anyway.
. So why wasn’t he doing anything? Why wasn’t he moving? Why wasn’t he fighting this? Why wasn’t he fighting it
is part of breakfast.”
Mum was fine with it, the whole sexuality thing - hell, she was the one who told the both of them, “
. He felt his heart stop, his veins run icy with fear and within an instant he was wrapping his arms around himself, leaping to his feet and swallowing thickly, standing above the statue that John Watson had become and allowing his mind and body to crumble.
“They won’t,” He spat, glaring at the meal before him with distaste, before turning and shoving the plate back into his refrigerator, stomach pleading for him not to, but thoughts twisting him away from its contents.
Sherlock frowned as he watched her mentally stop herself, her throat bobbing as she swallowing uneasily, shifting her weight from one foot to the other, uncertain and timid.
He swallowed and glanced away, shutting his eyes for a moment before he cleared his throat and reached for his pile of wet clothes beside his feet.
Sherlock leaned downward, reaching for the flannel that would complete his horrid outfit for today's mandatory occasion, dragging the itchy fabric over his lean torso. He wasn't anything nice to look at, or, at least, that's how he saw himself.
a person can bring you. For the happy bits and the funny bits — and all the bits in between.”
John huffed a breath of shocked air, “
And, simply because he could, he took pride in the fact that Sherlock’s lips twitched to form a crooked smile.
“What’s your plan then?” John asked, smiling brightly and fiddling with the capped eraser on his pencil.
He watched as Wilkes’ grin grew wider, the boy barking a sharp, and utterly devious laugh whilst he tread carefully alongside his team captain, “Come on, mate. I was only having you on.”
John scoffed, eyes lighting with mirth as he carefully examined the multicolored irises.
Molly smirked and disappeared once more, fumbling further with the clothes she'd been wearing when she walked into the overpriced store, "Sherlock Holmes?"
TW: abuse, mention of sexual assault.
“No,” He snapped, harsh and quick, his head ducked and face now hidden, curls still stuck to his wet skin.
Or – oh. Of
John opened his mouth to respond, but Greg went on.
To John, Sherlock Holmes was a perfect enigma wrapped in a sweet center of pure warmth, love, and childish innocence. Sherlock was an emotionless genius on the outside to most everyone he’d witnessed the brunette interact with, but John saw what lied beneath that single layer, a layer so easily broken if dealt with correctly, a layer John had grown to completely, and utterly, fall in love with. He was a beautifully sculpted, slender figure of milk-bottle white skin, curly chocolate locks, and unreadable, untamable, kaleidoscope shaded eyes, with lashes that fluttered and danced beneath his brown brows. His mouth was made purely by the hands of the Greek Gods, pink and plush and curved with a Cupid’s bow unlike any other. Sherlock was, to John, a rarity he wished never to lose, a treasure he’d find only once in what may be a short lifetime — a gift placed upon the earth with grace, made to be cherished, made to be praised and loved and adored and protected.
, had uploaded recently; yesterday in fact, the night after John’s own video hit the web, successfully as well.
— aching with the overwhelming sensation of complete and utter desperation.
And now?
“Well, you are the guest, after all.”
Sherlock felt his cheeks fall pink and he turned away to stare just down the stairs to the end of the porch, the grass there absorbing the light drizzle of rain, small puddles forming around a sea of green, drowning the nature beneath it. He felt like the grass — was John the puddle?
It was because of how relaxing, how satisfying it was to sit there and listen to John laugh at what they’d recorded, to watch him smile when he edited something perfectly, to hear him hum to himself arbitrarily, that Sherlock ended up curled atop John’s blankets and pillows on the bed, shutting his eyes, sleep deprivation and the knowing tell of John’s presence lulling him into a slumber deeper than ever before.
“What does it
It was just as the end of the day was coming round that the weather outside took on an entirely frightful mood, rain pouring from the sky like bullets, hard and fast, droplets the size of golfballs, flooding the outdoor field, Baker’s walkway’s, and the ditches outside the school’s front entrance. John had just barely made it to his car alive, slamming his door shut behind him, his backpack damp to the touch, his rugby shirt sticking wetly to his stomach and shoulders, red lettered jacket soaked through on the seat beside him.
Jessica @
Sherlock felt drawn to this — the both of them sat there, on the sofa, close but not touching, John offering snack and bits as they continued to watch on. It was all so domestic, sharing the flat, Harry working and John’s mother catching up on missed sleep down the hall — it felt as though they were alone in their own little world; Sherlock and John, John and Sherlock; no one else mattered.
Sherlock watched on fondly as John laughed and glared teasingly at his sister, the short woman doing the same right back, before he turned to Sherlock with a smile and gestured toward a narrow corridor. The two of them began to walk down the hall, and it was then that Sherlock realized he was going to step foot into John’s bedroom — where he slept, dressed, dwelled, and, most of all, where he sat, at that desk, with that blue wall and those posters behind, and shot the very videos he uploaded to his steadily growing channel.
Just as he reached the top button, he felt Victor slide up behind him, those forceful, strong hands gripping tight, bruising, and he fell entirely still, body tense.
: ah exciting!
times, and pondering chatting with Sherlock again –
John sighed inwardly, part of him itching to grab Sherlock’s arm and ask him to stay and chat, or sit with him at lunch, or next to him in their shared English class. But instead, he merely nodded, shot the boy a short, “
,’ with, ‘
sweet sorrow I suppose,” The brunette smirked, charming and full of snark, and John found himself chuckling, shaking his head at the wit of his joke before he allowed his fingers to softly rub circles into the warmth of Sherlock’s hips, despite the cold, dampness of the fabric beneath.
, this weakness, this perfectly human
(See the end of the chapter for
I am so glad and excited to be getting this out to you.
Sherlock was content to simply listen for the remainder of his class period, beginning to relax, shoulders losing tension, eyes lingering shut, mind at ease for once, until that mellow, soft, inviting voice spoke a name that instantly sent him in panic mode – a pure, horrifying, holy-fucking-shit kind of panic mode.
“Another big word for you,” John murmured to himself as he gathered his things and began sauntering towards the locker room exit, mind whirling with agitation, only to be stopped in place as Sebastian Wilkes grabbed for his shoulder, squeezing it tight and letting out a sharp laugh.
,” He growled at her, expression serious and cold, features dropping into an uncaring rage, “I don’t need you, or Mycroft, or Lestrade, or some bloody
Lilly Bird @
Sherlock blinked, frowned and cocked his head John’s way, “But he was exiled, banished.”
“Unexceptional,” Sherlock shrugged, “Why?”
Sherlock snorted softly to himself and shook his head, smiling at the video thumbnail of a warm, tan face sticking his tongue out in utter exhaustion, mathematical symbols of all shapes and sizes surrounding him.
John threw his head back as he laughed.
“No! No,” Sherlock turned, eyes wide with concern, head shaking and curls bouncing as he lifted his hands a bit shakily, eager to assure John that he was wrong, that he was spouting nonsense — much to John’s instant relief.
“And you were shooting a video.”
“Probably not,” He shrugged, “It’s been there since —“
Jane Watson @
“Why?”
. He couldn’t say any of those things because John was
“Whoa,” He scoffed, shaking his head and gripping his drink tighter, knuckles turning white, “So eager. Most of you aren’t in such a hurry.”
: #beeface my dude
“What things?” John asked, tone hushed and quiet, careful and cautious.
“Overcast,” Sherlock muttered back, as though it were some sort of thorough explanation.
Smirking, he leaned down to put his notebook away, only to hear his phone buzz against the lunch table. He zipped up his bag and stood, glancing down at the screen once more and narrowing his eyes.
John’s eyes dropped to Sherlock for a moment, softening, before flying back over to Harry, “Shooting a new video.”
John felt his cheeks redden and he quickly went back to his text messages.
Most loathed him; they hated that he spoke his mind, that he could deduce all their secrets, that he could see what others could not. And he hated them right back. Because he didn't need friends, or companions, or a love interest, for God's sake. No. He didn't need anyone. Not in an era where children had to kill other children, where districts despised one another in an act to please the Capitol and its multicolored mutants.
“Are you a complete idiot?” Sherlock spat out, staring at the boy in front of him expectantly, arms lifted, eyes drawn into a squint as he frowned.
, but found he couldn't think of anything to say.
to even think for one second that he deserved an ounce of John Watson’s attention. The rugby captain was wasting his precious minutes every time he even bothered with Sherlock — every time he asked how he was, shot him a text, invited him out for coffee; and there Sherlock was, accepting every offer, returning every text, answering every question. Because, plain and simply, he couldn’t quite get enough of John Watson — enough of his golden hair, his sea-blue eyes, his warm smile, that personality that practically radiated all that was light and pure. But it was merely friendship, they were merely lads, good mates, two boys who happened to make one another’s acquaintance, nothing more.
“Thank you, Doctor Watson,” Sherlock teased gently, a small smile pulling at the edge of his mouth, and brightening his cheeks.
, they were, as his own, cold and dry, pressed forwards. He felt John’s breath mingling with his own for a moment as plush skin met plush skin. It was the briefest of touches and Sherlock could only hear the quickening of the rain around them as it fell harder and the throbbing of his pulse at his temple, pounding unforgivably as his mind came to and yelled at his heart to
you know about him?"
"District Twelve's very first volunteer," The woman in pink marveled, grinning at Molly, whose face was simply frozen in both shock at her own actions and utter disbelief, "What's your name?"
would have kids, I just meant –"
“And you’re trying so hard, aren’t you,
“Come on you,” He said, calmly, all anger and aggression gone now, the same, joyfully blissful John Watson back and warmer than ever, “you’re late for literature.”
Vee @
Molly sighed, shooting him an apologetic look of empathy before continuing her search for something appealing and yellow.
to know what that used to be?” She questioned, gesturing to the conventional oven’s contents, tone not quite scolding but more so along the lines of exasperatedly amused.
queers in its midst.”
“For fuck’s sake, Sherlock. Look at yourself.”
He felt Sherlock huff out a short breath and swallow against his wrist where it pressed against his throat, and then heard the faint, hardly audible response, a barely perceptible
John let out a sharp, sweet laugh, before shrugging a single shoulder, “
Sherlock swallowed, bottom lip blue and quivering, “
Gay May @
He would take some kind of stand, a musical decision to prove a well-needed point. He would compose something new, something untouchable and untamable.
He was John Watson, seventeen-year-old rugby captain attending Baker Secondary School; below average height, average weight, blue eyes, blonde hair, a mostly B student with dreams of becoming a doctor, and a fan of Bond films - entirely and utterly unexceptional. Yet,
“And that would be?” He asked softly, blinking in confusion, voice a little hoarse from lack of use.
“I figured you could just throw something over your clothes. Like a weird poncho or something,” Molly shrugged, putting aside his dinner outfit for his — what he liked to call —
.’ When he turned back around, he bore a wide, smug grin, his head bobbing as though he were so terribly clever — far more clever than people gave him credit for, which of course, wasn’t true at all.
Thank you for sticking by this story and me.
“Why?”
. It wasn’t anything.
Sherlock took a drag and then dropped the cigarette to the floor, stomping on it with the heel of his toe before glancing quickly up at John, expression guarded but almost fond, "They'd be idiots."
He shut his eyes.
Striding purposefully forwards, John sped up until he was directly in front of the other boy, placing a hand on his chest to still his movements and glowering unhappily, irritation and desperation for the truth obvious in his royally blue eyes.
Please do not fret because this story has an ending planned out already and it is going to be finished.
Sherlock smiled a little, for the first time all day, as he listened to the bright sound of John’s laugh, joyous and light – Sherlock loved that laugh, that welcoming giggle that wholly enveloped you, that made you feel safe. It was a home. Sherlock was convinced there was a home in John’s laugh.
“Extra textbooks.”
: omg I feel the same way John! I hate reading plays in class. We did Romeo and Juliet too and we drew names from a hat and I got Juliet’s part by chance and it was awful. Your friend is super cute btw!
They carried on that way for what felt like, to Sherlock, not long enough — a mere few minutes of chatter feeling so very sincere, so very right, that Sherlock felt as if he could sit there forever, watching
. Fine. Yeah, I bloody did, but you’re the one who made me laugh in the middle of Anderson’s fucking monologue.”
With a snarl, Sherlock lunged forwards and grabbed John’s hand, yanking him away from the school’s main entrance and around the corner, shoving him lightly behind the side of the building, away from prying eyes, away from those who may wish to hurt him, away from the horrid Baker atmosphere, and instead amidst a rather larger amount of graffiti and a few stray students with cigarettes hanging from their lips.
He watched as the boy dropped his head, looking away, most likely to hide pink cheeks, his fingers fumbling aimlessly with one hanging strap of his backpack — John thought he was the only person he knew who could go from overconfident to entirely insecure in a span of two minutes.
before he made the decision to sit and listen to Sherlock play Bach any further.
Sherlock blinked, and seemed, for a moment, completely caught off guard, before he recovered with the clearing of his throat and a swift fiddling of his fingers, still resting in his lap, against the warmth of his thighs, “Perhaps. Doesn’t mean I’ll grace you with an answer.”
” His best friend giggled through the speaker, high pitched and laced with anticipation.
Sherlock Holmes lifted a dismissive hand to shush her, and Molly Hooper instantly froze, moving instead to simply gnaw on her own lip, nerves kicking in as they continued to walk side by side, only a few yards away from Sherlock's house now.
John frowned warmly his way and cocked his head an inch to the side in question, and, gaining a bit of unyielding courage, he lifted an arm to wrap it gently around the boy’s waist, pulling him even closer and noting how pink instantly turned to red.
Victor let his hands wander, running along the curve of Sherlock’s arse, over the rough fabric of his black jeans, and Sherlock found himself eager to pull away, heart clenching unwillingly, mind yelling at him to
“Hey,” John said softly, knocking Sherlock lightly from his thoughts, warmth in his voice and, as Sherlock lifted his head, sincerity and excitement in his eyes, “Can I watch you one day?”
He understood;
He tried to ignore the way John’s light features instantly dropped, “What, why?”
; he was so
Before he could respond to the boy’s bewildering words, John was on his feet, tapping a key on his computer’s keyboard before reaching down and grabbing at his camcorder, placing it gently on his desk, the small, mediocre microphone following shortly after.
“You have to make a move eventually,” Irene sighed, shaking her head and glancing at John briefly before she turned to stare into the crowd of mingling bodies, dancing and sweating and laughing and singing. “You can’t dance around each other forever. Surely,
“Does your father know you’re so successful on the internet?” Sherlock asked, eyes wide and curious.
Lady Lousie @
No sign. He did see Molly, however, waving to him from her own seat in a small, pink, flower clad chair, just off to the side of the field, a great big, warm smile lining her gentle features. With a deep sigh, half laced with disappointment and the other half tinged with slight embarrassment for having such high expectations, John limply waved back to his friend and trotted behind his team towards their water station, watching as Molly meandered his way, clearly alert to his sagging shoulders, and the downward curve of his lips.
He let out a laugh and lunged forward, dropping his legs and resting his crossed arms on the table. "Everyone instantly groans at the very mention of the thing; amazing isn't it?" He bit his lip and shrugged, "I genuinely don't have any personal vendettas towards the subject, but it says a lot about me when I say that my favorite part of the class is having the calculator in front of me and slowly, painfully, discovering what each and every button can do."
: yes omg, this girl in my class wow ;-;
Once they stepped off the last of the stairs, Sherlock took in the room and its many sights. A cheesy, cheap string of shiny silver paper decor was hung from the ceiling, shimmering and sparkling in the bright lights shining across what seemed to be a makeshift dance floor, bodies twirling and bumping into one another where the music boomed and their feet flew. There was a counter and a small mini fridge that held a collection of canned beers, red paper cups, a bucket of ice, bowls of chips and finger-foods along with silly party hats and beaded necklaces in all shades. Green alien cut-outs were taped to the walls, and a strange disco-like ball sat in the corner of the room, illuminating the walls with white circular lights, bright and spherical like the night sky’s stars. The crowds of people were dressed in all sorts of costumes — Sherlock saw a girl painted pink, with odd squiggled makeup drawn across her cheeks and arms, another with a strange alien mask, another with a blue haired wig and shiny spandex clothing. All in all, it truly seemed to be a rather successfully put together party, the small basement holding close to fifty people, most dancing and others sat around on the smattering of sofas and larger couches. Sherlock had never seen anything like it, everyone so happy and smiling, laughing and giggling, making out with their significant others and dancing with their friends, tossing back beers, throwing ping pong balls into red plastic cups, cheering and clapping and hollering. It was insanity and yet it was a kind of insanity Sherlock had never before experienced.
“Hey, I get it,” John smiled tenderly, his hand moving to rub circles into the small of Sherlock’s back, “My dad’s a wanker when he’s drunk.”
“Uh,” John pursed his lips and looked to Molly for help, watching as she rolled her eyes and pointed at a stanza in the play, indicating their stopping point he’d ever so
John let out a bright laugh, his fingers clenching Sherlock’s tighter as he did, white teeth revealed and shining as the streetlights flashed by, blue eyes alight with mirth. It was quiet a moment, the two of them simply enjoying one another’s company, all soft, hidden smiles, the hum of the car’s radio and the whirring of the engine a comforting presence to Sherlock now.
"Not like that," He huffed, rolling his eyes and looking away, a blush tinting his features, "As in, Sherlock."
“Shut up, yeah?”
"Gay and straight aren't the only two sexualities, John Hamish Watson," She smirked, winking at him and glancing at his phone as if to further exaggerate her point.
John shrugged, “We won.”
John nodded and thought over the idea — it was creative and
“Do you realize,” John had began, reaching over the table’s surface to steal the yellow fruit from his tray, and Sherlock blinked, shaking his head into a processing format once more in order to keep up with John’s words, “how important our livers are? They break down fats, produce energy, play a key role in creating important proteins, I could go on and on.”
He flinched weakly as John nudged softly at his shoulder, biting his lip and chuckling lightly to himself as he turned and reached for Sherlock duffle bag, from where it had fallen to the ground in the short scuffle.
: you are adorable and I love you omg
“Having fun?” She turned to him as both of their dates were finally out of view, and he swallowed at the look on her face — so happy, overly happy, how was one person so entirely, wholly, overwhelmingly
Sherlock narrowed his eyes and turned back around, laying his head down once more and shutting his eyes, eager to drown out the noise, ignore the chattering and obnoxious yelling sounding throughout the classroom, teenagers throwing rubbers at one another, crumpled paper, but, much to his own resentment, his brain seemed to focus in on one thing in particular.
They slowed to a stop and stared at one another, eyes wide and focused, and John didn’t want to tell himself it wasn’t real, that Sherlock didn’t just glance down at his lips for the quickest second. The rugby captain chuckled softly, drawing away an inch but keeping his hands tight on Sherlock’s hips.
John.
The remainder of the lunch period passed quickly, much to Sherlock’s disappointment. Though he’d never admit it aloud, he enjoyed Lestrade and Molly’s presence among them, their comments snarky and witty and humorous, making him smile far too many times for his own comfort. Not once did he hide behind his phone, or attempt an early lunch escape through the large exit doors — he stayed and he laughed and he mostly stared adoringly at John, admiring his every feature, his every movement and reaction and word. Yet again, he found himself enjoying lunch, something that hadn’t happened since he’d begun sharing his table with John Watson. His heart warmed with the idea of sitting with the three of them again the next day, and the day after that, and his veins turned cold with the thought of never experiencing their company again. If he lost them now, he’d surely lose himself all over again. He was playing a dangerous game; he knew that — getting attached was never smart, never wise, especially when he was
Christ, the
He heard that warm voice once more, and his heart swooped upwards, reviving itself, thumping hysterically against its bodily prison. Turning slowly, faced void of all emotion that may give himself away, he faced John, of whom simply waved, beaming brightly at him and calling out, “Have a good weekend, yeah?”
“Right,” She announced, “back to your books, come on. Philip, continue.”
John H. Watson
Lady White @gimmeawforwatson: unfollowed
“That Romeo and Juliet essay. Haven’t even started that,” Sherlock uttered, looking away from John and around at the different students making up the busy, loud cafeteria.
“So, what were you up to?” John asked suddenly, and Sherlock glanced up to see that he had moved on to picking at the small chicken sandwich atop his tray.
“Sorry?”
John beamed at the device in his hand, and did his best to hide the reddening of his cheeks, glancing up to take in the classroom, all eyes mostly focused on their instructor or the playbooks before them, Anderson listening enthusiastically, and Molly — oh. Molly Hooper was staring directly at him, a dark smirk on her expression, clearly aware of just what he was up to, her eyes darting knowingly to Sherlock and back his way, one brow arched in mute question. In one smooth movement, Molly slid her phone from the smallest pocket in her purse and let her fingers go to work.
, Seb,” One of the boys further back leered, hitting Wilkes across the shoulder and snickering under his breath, an amused expression gracing the features of everyone except for Sebastian. The man in discussion snarled and shoved his friend backwards before reaching forward and grabbing Sherlock by the front of his jumper, his roar sending Sherlock into panic mode, though his face remained completely, and utterly still.
“Sherlock,” John called out softly, voice hushed, so very close to a mere whisper, as he used his hold on Sherlock’s forearm to keep him in place, rounding slowly on the boy and smiling that warm, comforting smile, “Hey, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean it like that, yeah?”
John waited, feigning a studious look as he pretended to read along until his phone vibrated.
Sherlock blinked up at him and frowned, “Yes?”
John glared playfully her way before letting out a soft laugh and nodding his head, “Yeah, you’re right.”
when the bell sounded, ending their lunch period and sending the number of students crammed into the cafeteria on their way towards their next class.
Molly's brow furrowed, expression a mix between pity and confusion, "Not ever?"
,” His uncle spat, his hand still midway in the air, his eyes widened in irritation as he watched what he probably saw as his poor excuse of a nephew.
to another, his heart growing as he thought of how earnestly these people
, with his blue eyes sparkling, his hair shining in the neon lights, his body fit and firm, his shoulders broad and chest —
Sherlock pushed his hair back, wet curls sliding away and off his forehead as he stared at his flatmate, his best friend,
Rugby practice had been cancelled with the weight of the storm, his coach determined to make them scrimmage, telling them to change into their gear, even warm-up in the gym, until a bolt of lightning had shot out overhead just as they had made their way towards the field, and he begrudgingly told them all to go on home; with a relieved sigh and a short goodbye to Greg, John had sprinted to his banged up old antique and found safety from the downpour within the vehicle’s four doors.
: you are fucking precious marry me
"Do you have it?" Mycroft mumbled softly, loud enough for only Sherlock to hear.
He hated it all. And he kept repeating that little fact to himself while Molly glanced at him on occasion, studying him carefully, worry in her eyes as Effie stood up and declared she was off to find their mentor. It was silent in the rather overtly large train car, and Sherlock gazed out the window, glaring at the trees and shrubs and land as it whooshed by like lightning on a stormy night.
, he thought.
Sherlock blinked, frowned, watched as the boy continued to smile at him, and then turned to flee, reaching into his bag and yanking out his dormitory key, gripping the handle so tight his knuckles turned white.
“What if he,” John paused, swallowed, and shook his head.
,” he simply chose to sit beside Sherlock, tossing his bag beside the desk and sliding in so quickly, their shoulders brushed. To him, it was simply preference — he simply preferred Sherlock Holmes over James Sholto and Sebastian Moran any day, but to Sherlock it was as though he had openly performed a miracle. The brunette had originally turned to him with a glare, as though he was expecting some arbitrary student to take up residence next to him, however as soon as he realized just who was sat at his side, his eyes widened, his scowl dropped, and he visibly swallowed.
They stared at each other, those same pairs of eyes, kaleidoscope versus ocean, burning into one another, both holding dear an infatuation neither was aware of, still as statues in the hauntingly empty hall, the only sounds their unsteady breath and the faint scuffling of busy classrooms.
A shrug. “Asking,” Sherlock murmured, voice deep and muffled by the downward angle of his chin, “if I’m okay, how I’m doing, what the matter is.”
distract him.
He took them two at a time, nearly stumbling half way up, before he found the door to the basement and yanked it open, stepping out into a quiet, bright corridor, his eyes squinting in protest to the change of lighting, his legs shaking slightly as he pressed on in search of somewhere secluded, silent, away from the faint banging of the bass below him.
to be lectured just one more time by the man appearing so very real before him and yet, had to be, a figment of Sherlock’s deluded, death-seeking imagination. “Right under my nose.”
So, instead, glancing at the brunette who was oddly transfixed by the others cars slowly drawing beside them, John merely uttered out a delicate, “You know you can trust me, yeah?”
*gasp* a new chapter? So soon?
“Seb, you were literally just drawing a blue dick on the whiteboard with an expo marker,” John growled out, “I really don’t think you’re in any position to talk.” John relished in the giggles that resounded from the boys next to him and even allowed himself a small smirk as he watched Sebastian attempt to defend himself, only to fall silent.
, I don’t need any of it! All I need is —“
“Don’t,” He mumbled, his throat feeling thick with uncertainty, “don’t tell anyone, yeah?”
Dance.
He was humorous and kind when he said it. Passionate and eager, yet calm and collected. Eyes their usual ocean blue, an oatmeal shaded sweater covering his light, London-tanned skin, and his lips pink and plush, a rosy hue where they caught between his teeth during deep thought.
one’s death? It’s simple fact.”
“Fine.”
Also, there may be a surprise coming in relation to this fanfic, of which I will inform you all of soon, if it comes to par.
“I promise I’ll behave this time,” John added with a small smirk, warm and inviting.
He plopped down into his desk chair and scrolled slowly through the newly posted comments, one in particular turning him to stone, his vision blurring with excitement, his bones stiffening to freeze within the moment, his eyes widening with imminent elation.
In three minutes, he could lull Redbeard to sleep with a couple scratches behind the ear and a few strokes across his eyes and cheeks.
“And then eat his face,” Irene added before taking another sip of whatever alcoholic, colorful drink she was drinking.
“Body parts,” The genius spat back at him, placing the cigarette between his pink lips, even more rosy from the rain, and lifting his lighter, tucked in his opposite hand, to the end, flicking the switch somewhat desperately, the flame flickering and stuttering uselessly.
“Yeah?” His friend replied.
His heart fluttered with the admission and he waited for Molly to respond, of whom was staring at him dead-eyed, expression flat and one brow arched entirely too high to be normal.
a boy who didn’t know who he was yet. No matter how much of a bully he enjoyed being in his free-time.
“We’ll need to talk about you, of course,” He began, meandering further into the living room and standing beside that specific red armchair, tattered, old and used but a sacred object in the eyes of his younger brother.
With that, John let out a low growl and flipped on his indicator, pulling out of traffic swiftly and rolling down a side strip and against a vacant curb, parking along a small street of which was lined with a multitude of unimpressive shops, all closed due to the time, setting a dark and rather eerie scene as John turned in his seat to face Sherlock head on.
Johnlock is Key boiissss @
John remained silent, simply glowering in fury, golden hair a bit ruffled from the action as he stood in his red jumper and navy jeans, shorter than Wilkes but tall in appearance, the intensity of his glare making up for the missing inches.
again.
, I thought she was dating that art bloke.”
: Watson! We need more beeface! I noticed you’ve been chatting him up on a couple of his vids. Tell him to get a Twitter why don’t you? :D
,” John scoffed, shaking his head and stepping closer, much to the resent of Sherlock’s already fractured composure.
by the boy he so desperately looked up to. He thought about how John now knew the biggest, most important thing about him, the thing he was most proud of, most eager to hide, the thing only one other person was aware of, and yet he sat here and chatted amongst him as though nothing was different.
John blinked and then snorted, bobbing his head and smirking at Sherlock’s amusingly confused expression, “Of course, though I think that’s a given.”
“That there’s Mike Stamford, president of the GSA, and calculus expert,” he pointed to a chubbier boy with round glasses and short hair, of whom bobbed his head happily, his entire body shaking slightly with the movement and his stubby fingers gripping to his playing cards. John found it endearing and yet again felt that burst of thankful fondness, his mind at ease knowing these boys were the right ones. He took a note to ask Stamford about joining the GSA after lunch.
Sherlock didn’t mean to stare. He really didn't, but it was hard not to keep his eyes from fixating on that warm face — solid and tan, almost shimmering as sunlight streamed through the slightly pulled curtains and softly caressed the outmost edges of that peaceful, sleepy expression. How could he not stare? He’d woken up and found John Watson a mere few inches away, curled towards him, head resting on one soft pillow, jaw a little dropped, brows relaxed and features slack, at ease. From what Sherlock could see, he was clad in a simple white shirt, giving his body an air of angelic grace, and grey sweats, hip just poking out the top of the duvet. Was there anything more beautiful than John Watson in the early morning hours of a Sunday? Sherlock allowed himself a smile — the boy was a pure, unadulterated image of perfection, all bronze hair, muscled figure, sweet smile, bright eyes. Was there anyway to
John looked smug as his eyes met Sherlock’s yet again, and he bobbed his head once, twice, three times before shrugging a single shoulder, “That
John frowned, “Why, because it’s classical?”
Oh dearie dear @
They would see, he would make them see, what a thoroughly equipped mind, and a simple alteration to song, could do.
Sorry for the wait on this one. x
John smiled and nodded his head, understanding why it might be, before glancing back down at the ground and scoffing thoughtfully - pleased to steadily be learning more and more about the mysterious boy.
“Can I kiss you again?” John whispered, tone hushed and careful, soft and gentle, genuine and full of desire, “Now that we’re not being pelted by London weather?”
: you’re making me excited what is going on
They would see, he would make them see, what a thoroughly equipped mind, and a simple alteration to song, could do.
To: Wiggins
Sherlock blinked; he didn't
Upon his eyelids fluttering open, he hadn’t expected to see plates, a teapot, Ms. Hudson’s china tray, all shattered to pieces along the living room floor of 221B. Shards all thrown about, like a devastatingly, unfixable mosaic. He also hadn’t expected the roughness in his throat, the hoarseness in his tone, or the soreness of his vocal chords.
, to look, really
“Then
Shrugging, John beamed back at the boy, “I read a lot. Mostly about different medicines, diseases, the like.”
took the risk,
John’s smile dropped slightly and he bit his lip, “I’m sorry.”
“I did,” Sherlock leered playfully, “The guests started raving about how abstract the pieces were that year, but it was just because I switched things like, ‘
“Guess so,” She chirped back and Sherlock looked away, holding back the roll of his eyes and turning instead to meet John’s content look, his eyes still fixed on Sherlock, the rugby captain looking eternally merry across from him, cheeks lifted, mouth curved upward, body leaning forward and utterly gratified.
“You look like you walked off a bloody runway,” John shrugged, picking at his odd assortment of questionably edible lunch options, plastic fork in hand, cheeks darkening a bit as he continued to speak, earlier confidence dwindling minutely, “or out of one of those ‘top lookers of the year’ calendars.”
Sherlock huffed and turned away, lips drawing downwards in a frazzled pout as John beamed up at him, carton of milk in hand and eyes bright with mirth.
“I don’t think I’ve eaten that much in a decade,” He admitted with ease, shutting his eyes and staring into the blank nothingness, listening to the gentle breathing and thick tenseness of a body beside him.
He’d passed on creating a Twitter page for
They really help in kicking my ass to get the next chapters out, ha!
“I’m sorry, I -” Sherlock managed to whimper out, before he stumbled down the stairs of the porch and into the rain, drops of water immediately slamming against his cheeks and dampening his curls, the wiry strands sticking to his forehead as he let his body push him forwards, his heart racing and his limbs shaking. It had felt like an eternity in comparison to a mere few seconds when he heard his name shouted out into the whirling downpour, the sound dulled within the pounding of rain, and before he could even bring himself to turn around a hand was on his arm, yanking him backwards and spinning him around, his eyes meeting oceans once more, wide and panicked and surrounded by a canvas of droplets against tan skin.
“How do we go about it then?” John cleared his throat, brows furrowing as he curiously awaited Molly’s answer, simultaneously staring wistfully at the bubbling kettle.
His mates cheered and hollered piercingly loud and John cringed slightly where he stood, keeping his eyes down in an attempt to shy away any evidence of obvious irritation.
“Come on,” John whined, lips forming an utterly ridiculous — and, frankly, adorable — pout, as he leaned against the back of his desk chair, “I’ve had Molly in a couple. Hell, even
. A coward — running from mere conversation. Though, in his defense, conversation with the boy he’d jump off a building for, the same boy who had looked at him and had tried his best to hide the pity behind those ocean eyes.
“Look,” Victor huffed, glancing at him as he slung the black bag over his shoulder, mask in place, unaffected and entirely blank faced, features flat and twitching without effort, “I wish it could be different but right now, I just can’t.”
John H. Watson: Sherlock and I are going to try and make bacon, wish us luck. x
“I thought that’s just what it was,” Sholto shrugged, “
“Say that again to me,
Sherlock clenched his jaw. He thought about his father, always emotionless and blank, in a consistent state of uncaring callousness, not a quirk in his features nor a twitch that indicated anything other than pure numbness — something he carried with him to the grave, body in the casket slack and far too eerily similar to when he had been breathing. He thought about Mycroft, bloody Mycroft, with his nose in the air, his ginger-brown hair slicked back, his umbrella gripped tight in one hand, glaring at Sherlock, frowning at Sherlock, shaking his head at Sherlock — disappointment, disdain, regret,
He ran his hands through his now soap clad hair, and sighed. He was acting like a lovesick schoolboy - which he wasn’t,
, John!” Lestrade growled, shaking his head irritably and groaning as he lifted a palm to his forehead.
“I had presumed you’d be quite eager to keep his things,” the other man stated, so calm, so collected, so unaffected it drove Sherlock mad.
“Shit,” John said, softly.
“Why are the lights in the studio still on if Ms. Hudson just left?”
? He glanced down, shaking his head, cheeks suddenly hot, before a finger slipped under his chin and he lifted his eyes to those two oceans before him. There, John was smiling, wide and bright, eyes glowing, expression entirely void of any and all bad emotions — he looked entirely and utterly weightless, standing there in front of Sherlock, pupils dilated, the only creases lining his face joyous and telling, wrinkles forming at the corners of his eyes with the lift of his lips.
work – John was a fan of
He flew to his feet, his phone tumbling out of his pocket at the force of the movement, and, in one stupid, frazzled decision, he reached for it, only to feel hands colliding with his shoulders so forcefully he was on the ground once more, this time on his side — winded, out of breath, and feeling entirely, painfully bruised. He glanced up at the four boys towering brutally over him, their sneers unnerving, their eyes sparkling with so much adrenaline Sherlock felt his fingers beginning to tremble, and his legs beginning to shake.
, he was in way too deep — he was way over his bloody head.
That seemed to please Greg and he nodded, leaning down to fiddle with his rugby shoes as John continued to watch, to observe, a moment of suspicion dawning upon him as he narrowed his eyes.
“It’s one of the perks,” Sherlock smirked.
“You’ve outdone yourself, mate!” John informed him, raising his voice over the pounding music, his smile genuine and his stance open and comfortable. Sherlock watched as Stamford threw his head back in a jolly fit of laughter before he turned back and placed a gentle hand on John’s opposite shoulder.
“There you are,” She declared, something like aggravation hidden in the tone of her voice, “Have you all met?”
Jane Watson @
“Sometimes I think you’re trying to get us found out,” Victor growled in his ear, nipping at it lightly, his hands sliding up a bit more and yanking Sherlock’s back flush against his chest. The tall, thin curly-haired boy yelped in surprise before swallowing thickly, shutting his eyes and ignoring the tremble that made its way across his skin.
Hope that maybe, just maybe, things were looking up.
Sherlock put down his fork and placed his hands in his lap, as if thinking over the question, pondering the proper answer to give John, and then turning back to him, seemingly building up the courage to speak.
John bit the insides of his cheeks to contain his desperately confined giggles.
“So, I’m pretty sure, if any of you are in bloody secondary school, you’ve had to have been forced to read the infamous
But the warmth of a wet tongue on his eyebrow, licking at his wounds, spurring him back into reality, caused him to let out a relieved sigh. And when he looked over and saw that red-faced and floppy-eared mess gazing down at him, he knew he would be all right. He knew he had found his best friend, his protector, his defender.
“Then again,” John muttered, clearing his throat, tone hoarse, “I hope that whole pack is beyond salvation.”
“And problem is, it’s chaos whilst everyone’s
been about to risk it all and kiss the only friend he had in his sad, lonely existence?
Sherlock arched a brow.
Once he’d at least somewhat recovered, Sherlock tapped the comment section and lifted his thumbs to the keyboard.
He’d hated such since. He didn’t celebrate
Grace, poise.
. And
He was almost certain she thought he was using them as footage for recruiting universities or dance programs. He did however, as a ‘
But Sherlock had already stopped listening. Instead, he was focusing on remembering how to breathe. John was
“Go easy on the alcohol, yeah mate?” John grunted out, before biting his lip and turning away, leaving Mike standing, brows furrowed, in the bathroom doorway.
It was safe to say Molly was perhaps even more obsessed than he was. He didn’t blame her, of course.
“Have more confidence in yourself, Sherlock. For God’s
Abigail W. @
to say sorry. It was grating on him, nagging at his brain, sending him into a nervous frenzy. His guilt tolerance was at its utmost — if he hadn’t told Sherlock to wait for him would he be in pain right now? Would Sebastian have still found him? Would things have happened
Sherlock remembered staring down at the ground in thought, blinking away the cloudiness, imagining a world without John’s laugh, or John’s praise, or John’s silly, really
John was on fire — he was fuming, absolutely outraged, his heart thrumming rapidly against the confines of his chest, his eyes burning, his fingers trembling, eager to cause serious damage to the single human being that had dared to lay a hand against the fine, porcelain structure of Sherlock’s fragile skin.
sake.
More upbeat, more exciting, more modern. More, more, more.
“Because it doesn’t make
Sherlock swallowed the rest of his sentence and glanced up at he boy in front of him, gazing wildly at that small, bashful grin, those glowing blue irises, the warmth behind the creases beside his eyes and the soft dimples in his cheeks.
Abigail W. @
With a huff, John dropped the last of his boxes atop his unmade bed, the mattress white and disgustingly bare, before he turned to his mother, her eyes bright and watery, a sweep of dread coursing through John’s gut as she quickly reached out to envelop him into a tight hug.
Sherlock frowned at the words, swallowing the knot forming once again in his throat, before he looked away from the group, feeling somewhat ashamed to be part of a conversation he was nowhere near able to relate to — of course, he’d always
Here it is! A bit of an angsty one lovely readers.
John rolled his eyes.
“What do you say?” John asked, watching as Sherlock’s own eyes, those kaleidoscope eyes, widening and darted from the rugby captain to the dancer floor and back. John saw the fear there, a small, scared look that he read easily as insecurity, and he quickly poked the boy in the ribs.
“That was,” John shook his head in distressed amazement, “
John watched as all his friends stared back at him, brows raised in both intrigue and confusion, each and every one of them looking entirely blank, entirely brainless. He let out a soft scoff and looked down, running a hand through his dirty blonde hair and turning his mobile over in his hands – he had known this was a bad idea from the start but he couldn’t
A reminder that your reviews and comments are so incredibly important to me and I am absolutely touched by how much recognition this story has gotten so far!
Sherlock strolled to the dance studio with a smile on his face. He couldn't remember the last time he’d smiled so much, in a literature class of all places. But John had done that - John had been, well. John had been lovely. More than lovely, John had been kind, and sweet, and amusing, and
A sound from the from of the Hall of Justice dragged Sherlock back to reality, and he quickly turned to watch a small woman, her hair a light, unidentifiable shade of lilac and pink, her magenta outfit far too bright and cheerful for such a dark occasion, clip-clop across the stage toward a microphone that sat, awaiting her. With a smile, her strawberry-shaded lips stretching outwards joyfully, she cleared her throat and gazed out among the crowd of gray and white, each and every being giving her their full attention.
, Sherlock thought,
John H. Watson: I have an important announcement and you all need to take note because @
he did. Why did he think he could do this? This acquaintance thing, this “
He listened intently to what was being said, as he grew closer to the table, a plate and a chair awaiting his arrival, a fork and knife laid out as well, taunting him, mocking him from afar. Sherlock didn’t comment on the conversation as he reached for the chair and pulled it back, slowly sitting down, brows furrowed as he felt both Molly’s and Haymitch’s eyes on him.
