“You didn’t.  You never could.”  Sherlock smiled up at John and reached forward to kiss his lips.  “So, was I right?”
Mycroft insisted on taking him to the party – more than likely to make sure he actually attended than out of sheer generosity Sherlock was sure.  Sherlock avoided the more boisterous members of his year group who were loitering outside and went straight inside and hid himself away in one of the corners, observing all that was happening.
Sherlock grinned and grabbed John around the top of his legs and put his shoulder into John’s stomach, boosting him up in a fireman’s lift and walking quickly towards the car.
Maybe he had needed this time for his conscious mind to catch up with himself but he knew that, when he looked across at Sherlock sitting by himself, there was no-one else with whom he wanted to spend his evening – or his whole life if it came to that.  He had to go to him now.  He couldn’t leave him by himself a moment longer.  He needed to make this right.
John gave the phone back to Sherlock, grinning up at him.  “That’s brilliant.  I’ll get to spend the holidays with you after all.”
I inveigled my brother, on your behalf, to send his assistant to Fortnum & Masons to purchase the largest Christmas cake he could find for you to share with your compatriots over the festive season as you seem so fond of cake.  I hope it reaches you in suitable condition and is satisfactory.
John lifted Sherlock up to place a pillow under his hips and bent to kiss Sherlock at the base of his spine.  He trailed his tongue down between Sherlock's arse cheeks, all the way to his balls, sucking first one then the other in to his mouth.  Sherlock twitched when John passed over his hole and moaned loudly as John was sucking him.  When he'd finished he licked back up to the dimple at the base of Sherlock's spine, this time skirting around the edge of the hole and he repeated the same motion a few times, slowly driving Sherlock mad with frustration at not getting the pressure where he wanted it.
“I must make my own confession that his last drink also contained a little something the team in the basement has been working on which may have loosened his tongue a little more than usual.  You merely needed to provide him with the right opening and he followed through perfectly.  Well done, John.”
Sherlock and John had actually arranged it so that their mothers would be sitting together for this evening’s performance, to serve this very purpose.  They were watching out for them both to arrive.  Sherlock's family arrived first so they both went down to greet them.
John and Greg had a rugby match on the Saturday afternoon which Sherlock went down to watch.  Mike and Molly came over to stand with him as they hadn’t seen much of him and John this week with all the practise they’d been doing.  Sherlock was getting better at filtering their wittering so that he could concentrate on watching John but still maintain an underlying awareness of their conversation, so that he would know when they were addressing him specifically.  The boys won their game and the foursome spent the evening in the common room watching some trashy reality chat show on TV.  It was enhanced by listening to Sherlock’s sarcastic comments and revelations about the participants which were always proved correct when the truth came out at the end of the episode.
I stand by what I said in my other letter about you being handsome and 'thank you' is fine as an answer, although you don’t need to thank me for just being truthful and it’s everybody else’s loss if they don’t think that.  Hell, you’ll probably stop writing to me after this anyway so I might as well go all in.  I think you’re not just regularly handsome but downright bloody gorgeous.  I love your dark, curly hair and would love to run my fingers through it.  I re-read your letters all the time and keep your photo close to me so I can look at it constantly.  The other guys already tease me about it and call you my boyfriend and it makes me smile even though I know it isn’t true.  How stupid am I!
His luck was in as John walked that way from the kitchen.  He heard him press the answerphone button and the voice say ‘you have one new message’.  It was actually happening – this was the moment that could change everything.
Sherlock was awake first the next morning; the sun highlighting the view through his window reminded him instantly of where he was.  The next sensation of a delicious feeling of warmth all down his back reminded him with whom he had spent the night and a sweet smile curved his lips.  He pressed back slightly into the warm body and was pleased when he felt a huff against his neck and a squeezing of the arm around his waist, to stop any escape.  He had no intention of leaving and relaxed back into John’s arms, enjoying the feeling of belonging before he dropped back into a light doze.
Sherlock was not okay.  He re-read the single text message he had received from John over and over.  ‘Everything’s fine, it’s all fine, just really busy right now.  John.’  It seemed so blunt.  No mention of when he would see him again; no acknowledgement of what had happened; and no reply to any of his follow-up texts.  In fact, they didn’t even have the ‘message received’ symbol so it seemed John didn’t want to talk to him so much he had turned off his phone.  As lacking as Sherlock was in the niceties of conduct following sexual acts, even he thought they needed to talk about things.  It left him feeling upset and confused and not knowing what to do – not a position in which he liked to find himself.  He lay down on his bed and spent the night thinking things through in a very similar way to the kind of evening John was having, if he only but knew it.
When they reached the bottom of the stairs and looked around it was clear that this area was inhabited.  There was a light under the door to their right and also another at the end of the corridor.  It sounded like the noise from a TV behind this first door so they pushed a tiny camera under the door to scan the room.  There was a TV switched on in the corner and a sofa and chair in front of it.  One man was lying on the sofa, seemingly asleep, so they crept in and one of the team leaned over and covered the man’s mouth so he couldn’t make a noise whilst another injected him with a compound which would keep him out of action for a couple of hours before tying him up so he couldn’t interfere, no matter how long they took.
The villa was reached by travelling down a winding drive through the property’s own little wood with a babbling brook running alongside.  Sherlock informed John that it joined up with another stream which traversed the other side of the property further down its course and then emptied out into the sea which was a mile and a half walk away with their own private beach.  John was delighted with the prospect of exploring and spending time on the beach, and was determined to get Sherlock to stay long enough for him to be well enough to make that happen.
Sherlock’s cheeks reddened and his eyelids fell closed as his own thumb slid across the back of John’s hand.
It didn’t take long 'til both of them were nearing their climax.  Sherlock wanted John to come first as this was all about him so he tightened his inner muscles, squeezing John on each thrust.  That was enough to set John off and he cried out as he emptied himself inside Sherlock.  Sherlock kept pumping his hips feverishly, rubbing his cock against John’s body.  When John was recovered enough to open his eyes he looked up at Sherlock and smiled his special smile that showed Sherlock that he was the most important person in John’s life.  That smile meant more to Sherlock than anything and it was all he needed to tip him over and he was coming all over John’s stomach.
"That will entirely depend on how well you do, won't it, so why don't you give it your best shot and we'll see how we go."
Sherlock sat up quickly, lifting his head from John’s lap where he had been lying.  “Really, John, are you ready for that?”
Sherlock groaned at the idea; he too, would prefer to be looking into John’s eyes whilst they did this, so he could make sure he didn’t hurt John in any way.  Plus, he just loved watching John as his orgasm overtook him.
The second photo shows you have matured in the time you have been away and have obviously seen more than you would have liked.  You have wariness behind your eyes, as if you are always on guard, which is understandable given your situation, but you still have a relaxed, friendly manner with your comrades.  As you stated, your hair has been bleached even lighter by the sun and your hands and face show that you are not often out of uniform as they far more tanned than the rest of your body so this was obviously a rare day out for you.  Whilst the blond hair on your head is very attractive, I must confess I have doubts about the hair on your lip.  Do you seriously want to keep that?
"You're confusing him, John.  Let me.  Lestrade, do you want to understand what happened earlier or not?"
“I’m really just still ‘John’.  I still eat and drink and would be happy to get back to our pub nights if you felt comfortable to do that, but I don’t want to push things.  I’ll wait ‘til you’re ready, if you decide that’s what you want.”
When they had both done their hair, John lathered up his hands again with shower gel.  He gently took each of Sherlock’s limbs into his own hands and cleaned them one by one.  He spent even longer on the torso, rubbing over Sherlock’s nipples and kissing him deeply to swallow the gasp he let out.  He slid his hands round the soapy body in front of him and cleaned Sherlock’s back, taking extra time to make sure the whole of the lowest part was cleaned too – cleanliness was most important in these matters!  When there was only one area of the body left to clean, John got some more gel and rubbed his hands together to get them really soapy,  He took hold of Sherlock’s shaft and slid his hands up and down, slipping one underneath to cover his balls, too.
"Sherlock, if you and John have a chance to go through the prop store before the next session that would be great.  Then we'll have more of an idea of what we have and what we'll need to beg, steal and borrow from other places."
“Well, there’s one you might be interested in – vampires don’t need to breathe so my stamina for a blow job is legendary.”
Sherlock sucked in a breath, his pupils dilating as he thought of being restrained by John; completely ceding control to another person.  Judging by the twitching he could feel under John’s hips, certain parts of his body were already eager to jump into this new experience.  He had obviously been tied up before, both with rope and handcuffs, when he had been detained or arrested, but he had never had a treasured memento used upon him for more enjoyable reasons.
John got the lube which had thoughtfully been left for them (and no he wasn’t going to think about that in relation to Mycroft in any way) and liberally covered his fingers as he started inserting them into Sherlock, driving him as mad as he could with his teasing strokes.  He circled Sherlock’s prostate without touching it a few times then he rubbed over it once before pulling out and adding an extra finger.  He did this each time and Sherlock was panting and moaning at every touch.
It had all started during a night out with Greg the previous evening.  They had been having one of their usual Holmes-ranting sessions to relieve each other’s tensions of dealing with the brothers on a regular basis.  They were about four pints in and had just reached the stage of comparing what was the most stupid, non-standard-boyfriend move their partners had made when John received a text.  This wasn’t one of the multitude he had received from Sherlock during the evening - asking how much longer he was going to be or stating his various levels of boredom.  This one was from Sarah telling him that she had been vomiting all day and wouldn’t be able to make it in to the surgery tomorrow for her special children’s clinic and would he be a life-saver and cover for her.
“Sorry.  We’ve only just got back to the hotel and been dismissed before dinner so this is my first chance to ring.”
‘Eminently gorgeous’?  What was he doing even thinking that?  Perhaps he was more concussed than he had originally thought – this was clearly delirium setting in now.  That wasn’t something he ever allowed himself to acknowledge.  He and Sherlock were best friends and that’s all it was.  Sherlock had told him that very first night at Angelo’s that relationships weren’t his area and he was married to his work.  John had shrugged it off at the time, not being interested in Sherlock’s comments about being flattered.
I have printed off some of those photos we took on my phone over this last week and I’ve sent you some of me as you asked.  I’m not sure if they are suitable for public viewing, especially that one you took of me after you had done that thing with your tongue, it looks positively pornographic.  I have also printed off some for myself, even though I still have them to look at on my phone, too.  I’ve stuck some on my wall so I have a collage of you to enjoy whilst I’m laying here thinking of you and what you did to me.  They are certainly more pleasant than the usual images I have on my noticeboard when I’m working on a case, though no less interesting.  As you know from experience now, my work is very important to me.
Greg walked into their living room warily after being let in by Mrs Hudson.  John ushered him on to the sofa and turned to the drinks cupboard.
Damn!  He was busted.  He’d better go out to face the music, though he didn’t recall the caretaker’s voice sounding quite so pleasant previously.  He came out from his hiding place, readying his excuses, and was halted in his tracks when he saw whom it was that was standing in front of him.
“I’ve got a few here, and there are always some spares provided for guests, so that won’t be a problem.”
“If you say so.  Nevertheless, shall we make a move?  It seems foolish to waste all your efforts at healing by sleeping the night away uncomfortably on the sofa.”
Sherlock and John grabbed a couple of aprons and some protective googles and took the first piece of wood to be cut to size.  They made sure the guard was down and carefully cut each piece to the correct length.  They had decided to make it as complete as possible, with a sliding panel at the back so that they could insert the dial and have a switch for the light.  When they had cut them all, they carved a groove on the inside of the bottom and sides where they could slide in a board to act as the back cover.
“I suppose so.  Not a lot we can do about that right now then, we’ll just have to keep our eyes open next term, as you suggested.”
By the time they had gone through all the shelves, they had amassed quite a collection of props and nearly filled the whole list.  Sherlock put a couple of things back which weren’t quite what he was looking for, but luckily there were alternatives that they could use instead.  The only other things missing now, aside from the radio, were a pistol and a set of skis.  Mike had an idea about one of those.
“Hmmm, we shall see.  Why don’t you lie down now and sleep this off.  Hopefully when you wake up you’ll be feeling more normal.”
“Are you kidding me – have you seen yourself?  I have been tempted by that tight, purple shirt since you walked out of the changing room door.  Those buttons have been screaming at me to pop them off.”
He would just have to not see Sherlock for a while and hope that his feelings would settle down.  It would be nigh on impossible to avoid Sherlock completely because he knew what Sherlock was like but if he kept himself surrounded with his friends and spent all his free time with Mary then he might be able to minimise their time together.
“You’re not that bad, Sherlock.  You shouldn’t listen to all those people like Anderson; they’re just idiots.”
“If you have anything else you want to ask then just give me a ring.  If I can’t answer, you know Sherlock will be able to.  We really just want you to be comfortable with whatever you decide to do, Greg, so think it over, okay.”
Sherlock pulled back and looked up at John through his eyelashes.  John had closed his eyes when Sherlock had been touching the edge of his arse, savouring the feeling and hoping he would move his hands up even further.  He opened them and looked down at Sherlock as he felt the hands pause holding the sides of his thighs.
John was happy to obey and he slammed his pelvis harder against Sherlock.  He stretched his arm around to give himself more support and took hold of Sherlock’s cock.  His fingers were still slippery so they slid easily down the shaft making Sherlock groan in delight.  They set up a rhythm so that when John pushed forward, his hand slid up to Sherlock’s tip, and when he pulled back, his hand glided down to the base, Sherlock’s arse nestling against John’s groin each time.  They were quickly overcome with the new sensations and, after only a few more moments, John came against the base of Sherlock’s cock, and pulled hard against his friend to bring him off, too.
"Lucky guess.  I made it with my very first chemistry set when I was four.  I got Mycroft to help me make a star framework and then I grew the crystals within it and preserved it with a special lacquer so it wouldn't disintegrate.  Mummy made such a fuss and always insists that it is put on the tree each year, goodness knows why, I'm sure I could make something far superior now."
“I fear you are flattering unnecessarily, John, as you already have our accompaniment for the duration.”
Nothing seemed to improve as the week progressed.  John was busy every evening with his friends or with Mary.  He sat with them at lunch time and, though he said Sherlock could join their table, he never offered to move so that he could sit by him or move to another table to spend time alone with him.  After a few days Sherlock just stopped asking and didn’t even bother going to the canteen at all.  His appetite had disappeared anyway and if John wasn’t going to insist he eat then he certainly wasn’t going to do so on his own.
They didn’t have any lessons together that afternoon so Sherlock didn’t see John for the rest of the day.  He hung around the gates at the end of school but once more he was out of luck.  He didn’t know what to do now?  He had tried texting John a few times throughout the day but he hadn’t heard anything back.  That wasn’t unusual during school hours as John wouldn’t look at his phone - as much as Sherlock tried to insist - but in his breaks and after school were perfectly valid times for John to have replied.
Sherlock rubbed his thumb over John’s lower chest, enjoying the feel of the small patch of skin which had been revealed as John had stretched his arms around Sherlock.
“I don’t have any more cash on me but I’ll see you with this.”  At that, he threw a set of Jaguar car keys on the table.
He glowered over at Mycroft, as was his way, but rather than just hovering by the door, Mycroft actually came into the room this time.  He stood in front of the fireplace looking over at John on the sofa.  He walked a bit nearer, between the two chairs, and John leant forward, ready to leap up if Mycroft made any attempt to touch Sherlock’s chair.  Mycroft raised his hand in a placatory manner, however, and John sat back again, still glaring.
John burst out laughing.  “Been there, done that.  Well done for the reference though.  See, I knew you liked them really.”
"You're very honoured; he doesn't usually let anyone touch him except for myself and Toby, the head groom."
“Thank you for this; for everything.  I love you.”  John looked up at Sherlock who bent forward to capture his lips.
Sherlock immediately grabbed his phone and dialled John’s number again to listen to the new message.
Later in the evening Sherlock ordered takeaway from their favourite Chinese restaurant and plated a portion for John and even some for himself to please John.  John managed to eat with one hand, balancing his plate on the other hand with the splinted fingers.
Matthew sighed with relief and Greg along with him.  "Thank goodness for that; it would be hard to replace you.  You've really got the character down pat, Matthew, and I'd hate to have to change now when the performances are so close."
Sherlock put his hand out to catch hold of John’s arm as he left.  John shrugged it off quickly and pulled away, just looking at Sherlock before he fled down the stairs and out into the street.  Sherlock closed the door and went over to the window where he saw John hurrying down the road in the direction of the park where their evening had started so well.  He placed his forehead and palm against the window and watched until John disappeared from sight, wondering what he was going to do now.  Was John going to come back?  How would he survive if he didn’t?
“It is my understanding that you intend to speak to my brother this evening about your supposed future together.”
"Hmm, watching a sweaty you running around might be almost worth it.  I could picture you as you are now and imagine a far better way to get you all sweaty."
“We are never doing that again.”  John pulled Sherlock’s head back so that he could look into his eyes.  “Never again, Sherlock.  You take me with you – always.  That’s the only way this can work.”
“Thank you for that, Sherlock.  I appreciate that you left me in control of myself and didn’t try to lure me in with your charms.  That means a lot.  It was one of the things I was going to ask, in fact.  I need to know that you weren’t just chasing after me because you could but because I really mean something to you.”
“There is a reason, and I can see quite clearly by looking at you that it isn’t your reason.  It’s that pompous arse, Mycroft, isn’t it?”
It was most puzzling and John really didn’t know what to do with this overwhelming influx of new information.  He couldn’t seem to assign the possibility of real feelings on to his vision of Sherlock.  Much as he felt these things himself and wished he had told his friend, it felt too weird to think Sherlock had already had those thoughts and been the first to state them.  It was too much to take in.  John’s head was buzzing and he sat back on the sofa, letting everything wash over him as he tried to assimilate what he had just discovered.
“Do you want some back-up with whatever you’re planning?  There’s a few of us who’d be only too happy to help.  Sherlock, and you, have looked out for us enough times.”
Sherlock looked stumped for a moment but then the penny dropped as he clearly recalled the fateful night of their first blow job, so John continued.
The pair of them collapsed against each other, breaths heaving, and sighing as they came down.  Sherlock swivelled round when he'd recovered and kissed John gently and grinned at him.
Sherlock shrugged nonchalantly and drawled at John.  “I suppose you might as well come in then; just to save the frog being spoiled.”
Sherlock swirled his tongue around his mouth.  He really did have residue on his tongue.  He could taste and smell John all around him.  Sherlock smiled to himself.  They had had sex.  Sherlock had never felt so happy.  Everything he had ever wanted was coming true.  John had actually spent the night with him and they had been together.  Now maybe they could get rid of Mary and John could be his.
A doctor came out to see him then to tell him that they were admitting John overnight.  His injuries weren’t as severe as they might have been but as they didn’t know what John had been injected with they were just going to keep him in under observation to make sure he didn’t have an adverse reaction.  Sherlock followed the doctor up to the ward and was shown into John’s room.
“Okay, Sherlock, I think you’ve made your point.”  John laughed and bent to kiss Sherlock on the nose.  “If you were querying my wording earlier when I said if you ‘seriously object’ to anything I would stop, that was what I was talking about.  Obviously, if there really is anything with which you are uncomfortable I will, of course, stop instantly.”
John grinned down at Sherlock as he climbed off.  He helped Sherlock to roll over, easing his arms into a comfortable position and placing a pillow under his shoulders to provide some support.  He moved him up the bed slightly so that he could bend his arms out to the side and his shoulders weren’t left in a strained position.  He also put a pillow under Sherlock’s hips so that he wasn’t putting too much pressure on his very erect cock.  Once Sherlock was comfy John climbed back on, settling himself on Sherlock’s nicely rounded arse.
John winced at the puncture but as soon as Sherlock took his first pull of blood, John felt a spark of bliss shoot up his leg and across to his cock.  It seemed to tingle all round his balls and up his shaft and the next moment, his head shot up and he shouted to the heavens as he came harder than he thought possible without even being touched.  He collapsed back down on the bed, barely conscious and just lay there recovering.
Sherlock continued listening to the messages and they slowly became more like the two he had personally experienced, containing comments regarding plans that John had made as he started getting involved in life again and each one ending the same way with a special message to Sherlock.  Sherlock felt validated.  His feelings were returned, though obviously John had no idea that there could be any reciprocation as he knew nothing of Sherlock’s continued existence.  Sherlock felt bad that he had so many treasured comments to enjoy but John had no affirmation of Sherlock’s intentions or feelings.  How could he give something to John?
John Watson lay in his hospital bed thinking that his life was pretty much over.  All his hopes and dreams lay as shattered as the bone and muscle in his stupid shoulder.  He had been alone for about an hour now, since the doctor had told him the prognosis and left.  All he could do was wallow in his despair, thinking of what he had hoped to achieve on his return, all of which would no longer be possible.
“Good, glad to know I’m still good for something.  Let us know when you’re ready then.  See you soon.”
John and Sherlock shuffled nearer to the uni-cyclist who was actually closer to them than the thief.  They managed to get on the other side of him just as the man emerged from the crowd and started down towards the alley.  As they approached they heard a "Stop. Police!" shouted from behind them.  The man's head swung round as he looked to see if it was him they had spotted.  He saw Sherlock and John closing in on him and seemed to realise their intent.
He had planned to get everything organised; a job, a place to live in London and a successful army career behind him and then present himself to his best friend as someone worthy of consideration.  He’d show Mycroft Holmes that he was actually worth something; that Sherlock wouldn’t be throwing his life away on him.
“You were necessary in the situation, yes, but I let you enjoy it all, Lestrade.  I didn’t stop John until you had achieved your climax.  I could have just pulled him off when he finished and glamoured you immediately and you would have been none the wiser, but I didn’t want to just take advantage of you.  John insisted you be given a choice now, too, as we both respect you and wish to allow you to make your own decision.”
When it came time for the second waltz Sarah had disappeared to the ladies room so John had not been able to claim her as his partner.  To his surprise he had found himself standing next to the new boy, Sherlock Holmes.  John turned to him and held up his arm.
Sherlock sat on the bed and leaned right over so that John didn’t need to move at all and the more comfortable position enabled them to indulge without interruptions.
“Well, I haven’t tried moving around yet to see how the aches and pains are, but I feel quite rested, thanks.  I always sleep better when I share a bed so I must have sensed your presence.”
“Sorry, Sherlock, I’ve got to go now.  They’re calling us to get ready for dinner so I’ll have to get changed out of my school uniform.”
Sherlock had his mouth open to reply but John just turned away and walked off with Mary, not giving him time to get a word in.  Sherlock’s jaw clicked shut and he clenched his teeth together as the thought of John considering their evening ‘not important’ threatened to burst out and be shouted at John’s retreating form.
“Idiot.”  John grinned at him and managed to quickly roll them over without slipping out.  When he had Sherlock flat on his back, he pulled almost all the way out and then pushed in fast causing Sherlock to groan in pleasure as John rubbed against his prostate.  John maintained the angle and the speed and pounded into Sherlock, rapidly driving the man to his limits.
They arrived in the late afternoon after being driven in a very comfortable limousine with a long seat upon which Sherlock could rest his leg to stop him ripping his stitches with constant bending.  John didn’t hold out hopes that he would be able to keep Sherlock still for long but he would certainly make the most of any opportunity which presented itself.
Eventually practise finished and the boys all charged off back to the changing rooms to have a shower and head back to their halls to do homework and spend the rest of their evening in the common room.  Sherlock made his way closer and waited in a place where he could see everyone as they left.  When he thought they were all out he sneaked up to the entrance and made his way in.  At the last minute he heard someone shouting cheerio to John so he ducked behind the door before he could be seen and waiting for the other boy to leave before eventually heading through into the main changing area.
John and Sherlock took the opportunity to reconnect with each other whilst they gave Greg a chance to recover.  They were quickly kissing and stripping in their haste to return to their friend.  Greg came back to himself to the sight of the pair of them peeling off their last pieces of clothing and holding each other close as they kissed.  Greg was at the perfect height for a delicious view of their cocks brushing against each other.
"True, but taking in the law of probabilities and the unrealistic likelihood of coincidence, it seems highly likely that she was the intended victim.  I think it will be wise to keep an eye on things, and make sure opportunity doesn't strike again."
True to his word he had sent Sherlock his number as soon as he reached home, and Sherlock hadn't stopped texting him since.  He received stream of consciousness, random observations about Sherlock's day; insults on his interactions with Mycroft; and sheer gloom when the cousins were mentioned.  Two of them had arrived early as their parents had been invited on a last minute skiing trip to replace another couple, who couldn't attend through illness, and they wouldn't be home until the morning of the party.  Sherlock had told his cousins all about John, but they had been mocking and doubting him, so he had been doing his best to stay out of their way.  He couldn't wait for John to arrive to put them in their place, as John had been promising to do in his replies.
John came back and sat beside Sherlock, raising his eyebrows to ask how his performance had come across.  Sherlock nodded his head slightly, a small smile at the corner of his mouth.  That was all it took for now, no words needed to be wasted in company.  They knew they could go over it later when they could express themselves properly in private without observation and with other benefits thrown in, too.
Sherlock went straight over to John, as an armed tactical team followed behind him, easily subduing the other man and taking them both away as Sherlock bent to untie John.  He noticed the empty syringe lying on the floor at John’s feet.
“Not that type of Consultant, I’m afraid.  I specialise in criminology, fulfilling private contracts and, more recently, providing assistance to the British Government, of which my brother is such a renowned ornament.”
Sherlock towed him quickly out before his mother thought of something else she wanted to add.  He wanted John to see his rooms; he’d never had anyone else he’d wanted to show around before and he wanted to know John’s opinion.
I really don’t know what to say, which is unusual in itself.  No-one has ever wanted to be my friend, let alone a ‘boyfriend’ so this is all unexplored territory for me.
John growled again and bared his fangs at Sherlock and Sherlock grinned proudly down at him.  He had to admit to himself that he hadn't imagined it would be such a turn on to see John as a vampire.  He bent forward to capture John's lips and kissed him deeply, slipping his tongue into John's mouth, tasting the blood he'd just swallowed.  John took advantage of Sherlock's momentary preoccupation and he jacked his body, forcing Sherlock's legs to slide outwards.  John used the slip to roll his body and push Sherlock on to the floor.
"I think John's right.  There is no need to cancel at this stage.  He and I will monitor the situation, as I know you have enough to do, putting on the final touches before the show."
Eventually, he blinked; his brain switching back on.  He must have misheard.  He dialled the number again and listened as the message started.  It was so nice to hear John’s real voice.  He could make the most mundane thing sound interesting to Sherlock.  He could pick up on the hint of exasperation in the comment to journalists – John must be infuriated to still be bothered by them.  He could hear the thread of amusement in John’s remark to Greg, and realised that John must be getting over a cold as that was the only time he drank Guinness.  Here it came… ‘PS.  If this is Sherlock reaching out from the Great Beyond – because, let’s face it, if anyone could do it, it would be you – you’re a complete dick for leaving me alone like this, but I still love you.’
Mrs Hudson had got lots of different decorations and some packs of writing icing gel.  She had some butter icing ready mixed so she did the first one to show Sherlock what to do and then left him to make his own designs.
They had gone out for their usual evening stroll and Sherlock made sure to wend their way towards Regent’s Park, one of their favourite spots, as he could sense John’s nervous energy and wondered if he would finally work up the courage to ask his question tonight.  Sherlock had sensed it was in the offing and done all he could to give off positive signals to all of John’s overtures.  He was finding it almost entertaining to be pursued in this way as usually he was the one doing the chasing – well it wasn’t even chasing, the thralls just fell into his lap with no effort expended at all.  This time he was happy to let John take the lead.  John was the sort who liked to be in control and Sherlock hoped that when his secret did come out John wouldn’t feel so much as if he had been tricked if the whole thing was his own idea.
John reached over for the lube from his drawer and quickly covered his fingers while Sherlock bent his knees up and to the side allowing John free access.  John moved between Sherlock’s legs and kissed his way from one knee all the way down to Sherlock’s cock which was busily demanding attention.  As he took the head in his mouth he circled Sherlock’s hole with his fingers and slipped one in.  Sherlock let out a deep moan at the double sensations, his hands finding John's hair and gripping and releasing reflexively as John sucked him.
Sherlock’s eyes lit up, then his lip turned down as he frowned at Greg, looking confused.  “If you are dangling false incentives in front of me to secure your pleasure for the evening, I will be incredibly disappointed.”
Sherlock joined in his laughter.  “I wasn’t imagining it would be so literal but, yes, I certainly do.  Are you offering?”
John smiled fondly at him.  “Thank you for your diligence, though you know that is sort of their job.”
“Hmm, well you have been distracting me in that delicious suit all evening, so you could let me take it off you.”
“It’s fine.  If it had bothered me I would have taken steps to divert your attention or simply closed my curtains.”
Luckily the girls had already been removed from the van and were all huddled against the wall so a group of officers moved over to protect them and hustle them out of the back of the building out of the way of any trouble.  The police took down four of the gang members quickly, leaving two who were behind the van.  The first one jumped into the van and slammed it into gear, smashing his way through the doors and the other tried to jump into the back as it pulled away but got his foot caught and fell back again so Greg rolled him as he landed and slapped some cuffs on him.
John gave Sherlock the two rocks.  “I thought you might have wanted to get your rocks off.”  John burst out laughing.  “The look on your face!  Sorry, I know that was corny but I couldn’t resist.”
They stayed like that for a long while, relaxing comfortably together, almost lightly dozing until Sherlock nudged John, sighing as he sat up.
I don’t necessarily imagine writing to me can really be the highlight of your day but I will persist if it gives you some small respite.  At the moment I am thinking that if not taking the drugs will keep me out of a cesspit like this then it may even be worth it, so I will keep your request in mind.
“In some matters, my brother can be as blind as he always proscribes to others.  However, you should consider that he wouldn’t have taken the steps he has for anyone else, so whether he considers his aspirations reciprocated or not, his own actions are very revealing.”
“He appears to have a certain fondness for her and I’m sure if he was made aware of her interest it would also spike his own.”
The others came back out, ready to re-start, but he was still there, thinking.  John came over to him; he’d missed seeing him in the other room.
John looked intrigued as he thought about it.  When he had come back to himself after Sherlock had pinched his neck he had loved the feeling of the warm blood going down his throat and was only sorry that he hadn’t been more aware when the bite was actually happening.  Did he want to mess up what he had with Sherlock, though?  He was happier now than he had ever been and he didn’t want to spoil anything.
Sherlock spotted a theatrical costumer on their way to the station car park and he insisted that they go there, before going anywhere else, as he wanted to get something for John.  He found a professional make-up kit in an attractive case which he thought would be the ideal gift.  On his way out he noticed a display of superior quality moustaches made with genuine human hair.  Though he himself certainly wasn’t keen on seeing John with whiskers, he had seen the gleam in John’s eye when a moustache was mentioned for his character. If John was going to have one, he was going to have the best, not some fake-looking, sticky-backed thing that would be almost drooping off before they even started.  The shop owner packaged it up in a display box and Sherlock bought the necessary glue and remover to go with it.
“Hmm, we shall see.  It will be a purely monitoring mission.  I don’t want you running off regardless; I have quite enough to put up with Sherlock doing that on a regular basis.  Plus, my team will be going there with you so you can all work together.”
Thank you for your sister’s contact details.  I would, indeed, very much like to meet up with you when you come home.  If you did not wish to avail yourself of her hospitality for the duration of your stay, you are more than welcome to stay with me.  It would give us a chance to become properly acquainted without interference or having to travel for short visits.  I only have occasional lectures, most of which I could easily miss as I am well ahead of my course schedule so I would be available for the whole week.
John allowed it for a while, knowing how thorough Sherlock liked to be, and then he wanted to taste for himself, so he followed Sherlock’s tongue back into his own mouth.  Sherlock found he liked that just as much and sucked on the tip of John’s tongue, wanting to keep it there and see if the taste differed in his own mouth.  They eventually pulled apart to properly catch their breaths.
Sherlock was groaning and making broken sounds.  John loved it when Sherlock got to the stage where he couldn’t even form sentences.  Sherlock had been worked up for so long now, whilst he waited for John, and through the whole evening.  When John took Sherlock’s cock deep into his throat and sucked on it hard a few more times, Sherlock’s orgasm rushed through him.  John swallowed it all down.  Sherlock collapsed back against the bed, and John rolled him over and settled himself behind him, gathering him into his arms.  John pulled the duvet up to cover them both and he buried his nose comfortably in Sherlock’s nape.  The pair of them drifted off into a sated sleep.
Sherlock crawled up the bed towards John, looking exactly like a panther on the prowl with his dark hair and low slung back and hips, his eyes fixed on to John’s.  As he got right up to him, he put his hand behind John’s head and pulled him in close for a deep kiss, desperate to taste John once again.  He trailed his tongue through John’s mouth, reaching every part and noting everything; storing it for later perusal in his mind palace.  He really wanted to take his time and map John’s whole body; seeing which were his most sensitive areas and what turned him on the most, compiling all the data possible as he didn’t want to miss a thing; but he knew that would have to wait for another time.  Right now he wanted John’s cock in his mouth and nothing was going to deter him.
Sherlock’s hand slid down to encompass John’s own and he squeezed his fingers, pushing himself back more purposefully this time as he felt John pressing against him.
Sherlock gave John plenty of time to relax as they remained connected for a long while.  Sherlock would never admit it to anyone else, but he enjoyed cuddling as much, if not more, than the next man.  He presumed it must be from a dearth of bodily contact throughout the rest of his life, but whatever the reason, since he had been with John, he participated in it wholeheartedly.  He had started doing it seemingly reluctantly, making a show of sighing every time John lingered with his arms around him.  He’d moved from there to instigating a hug by saying in a resigned voice, ‘oh come here, John, I know you’ll want to do that thing’.  Now words were no longer needed and they both indulged as often as possible and Sherlock found himself enjoying it more every time.
"I think the second option; it'll be more dramatic.  We could have a bit of flickering first and then the lights go off completely, and we hear a scream which gets cut-off before the lights come back again, showing the body just lying there.  We also have a full sound board filled with sound effects for anything we may need so we’re all set for that side of things too."
Mycroft, who had been standing in clear sight of everything that had gone on, smiled to himself.  His hands had always been tied, rather, by familial obligations, and he had never really been able to stop the constant teasing.   He did always try to extricate Sherlock from it as quickly as possible, though, and had, of course, prevented it from ever being physical, though he knew that the other kind could be just as bad.  He looked across now and caught John's eye.  He nodded his head ever so slightly.  John nodded back and cleared his throat.
I just wanted to say thank you for coming back to me; for not being dead; for just being you.  Having you back has made my life complete.
Mycroft smirked at him, “As if you would.”  He reached into his drawer and pulled out a memory stick which he held out.  As Sherlock grabbed it, Mycroft held on for a moment longer.
“I’m not sure.  I promised not to let myself know what you said and you went ahead and told me that you loved me.”
John sucked Sherlock’s bottom lip into his mouth and bit it gently; Sherlock groaned and did the same back.  His canines had slightly lowered and, as he bit down, one broke the surface.  A bead of blood welled up on John’s lip and Sherlock slid his tongue across the droplet to have his first taste.  He moaned deep in his throat and drew John’s lip into his mouth and sucked down hard on it, trying to get as much blood from the small puncture as he could.  John shivered, enjoying the pressure Sherlock was using on his lip and he ran his fingers through Sherlock’s hair, pulling lightly on the ends.
“I doubt that seeing me again would finish John off – he’s made of sterner stuff.”  Sherlock smiled wryly, “whether my face will survive the encounter intact, however, is another matter.”
“Come on then.  I’ll need to go back to my room and get changed first.  I’ll get my books and I can do some homework in there.”
One day they went out on the lake, taking turns to row each other about, and stopping for lunch on the little island in the middle of the lake.  They sat under the shade of a small gazebo with perfect views of the surrounding park land.  On another occasion, they cadged a lift with Mycroft and went down to London for the day, showing each other their favourite places.
Sherlock laughed.  "I'm sure your skills are multitudinous, Doctor Watson.  I certainly look forward to finding out."
John grinned at him, "Well, I'm glad about that.  Would you like to go out now?  Maybe you could show me around.  I could probably use the exercise to walk off all those scones."
“That is a ridiculous statement.  How can you have a frog in your throat?  From where would it have come?”
“I’m not officially a paid consultant and the DI was loath to call me in again after I provided him with the unvarnished truth about his incompetence.”
“I suggest you make a citizen’s arrest ‘Officer Lestrade’, and then perhaps a word with your father would benefit us.  I’m sure he could liaise with the local station and get something done.  Perhaps Sally would be good enough to get the Headmistress, too, and we can get everything sorted as quickly as possible.  I’m sure our families are wondering why we haven’t been out to receive their rapturous exhortations.”
“By all rights I should be getting incredibly pissed with my mates this evening, Sherlock, so I thought I’d make the best of it and indulge in the booze even if I can’t include the company.”
"Oh, that was just perfect.  Such diction.  You're the ideal radio voice.  Thanks for agreeing to do it."
“Very well.  You must be careful not to contaminate anything though, and we must carefully label each sample so we know from which part of the park it was gathered.”
As John came down from the high of his orgasm, he opened his eyes and looked down at his love below him.  Seeing Sherlock looking up at him with such confidence brought him back to himself and much as it pained him to stop he allowed his fangs to pull out and he licked the open wounds he had made on Sherlock’s wrist.  He covered the whole area, making sure he hadn’t left a single drop then he released the arm and rested his forehead against Sherlock’s own.
I know it’s selfish of me but I like that this relationship thing is all new to you.  It means that you are all mine and I get to enjoy everything about you all to myself.  I relish the thought of being able to show you so many new experiences, just as you show me so many fascinating things about the world around us that I have never noticed before.  You are quite right in saying I see but do not observe most of the time and I love that you are willing to share everything with me.
When they were both ready, and John seemed a little more enlivened, they headed over to the drama rooms.  They were lucky that there was no class going on in there that morning, so they went into the room and looked around.  The others had obviously cleared everything away once John and Sherlock had left, so there was nothing left out to examine.  Sherlock could see where the chairs had all been moved to and from by the dents in the flooring, but there were no marks from anything that hadn’t been there when he had last been in there yesterday, so that told him nothing.
“I can’t believe there’s a single experiment you haven’t tried on me.”  John chuckled as his fingers raked gently through Sherlock’s hair, pulling lightly on the ends as he reached the tips.
With his new plan set in his head, he turned around and walked home; ignoring the nagging feelings of regret and yearning for what might have been.
His relationship with Sherlock had been going from strength to strength since that fateful day he had been rescued from kidnappers and had confessed his love to Sherlock whilst in a drug-induced state.  He and Sherlock had been taking things fairly slowly; not only due to John’s injuries, but also because John didn’t want to overwhelm a relatively naïve Sherlock with too much at once.
“That would, perhaps, be better all round, then.  I’d feel happier not having to worry about interruptions, or whether we make any untoward noises.”
“Redundant assumption.  You should know by now that I do, and if you haven’t ascertained that much by now then you aren’t half as intelligent as I have always asserted.”
"I was testing the scar tissue for malleability and sensations.  For example, I could tell that the scar tissue extends to a depth of 3 mm and has 37% less sensation to stimuli than..."
As the cast were all sixth formers, their parents didn’t usually come down to meet them out of school any more, allowing them to travel home on their own.  This meant that very few of their relatives had been at either of the earlier performances.  Most of them were going to be in tonight for the final show, however, having travelled down especially to see their own children in action.
John peeled off the now dampened silk and took in his first sight of a fully naked Sherlock.  He was astounded that he was actually allowed access to all this beauty.  He ran his finger up Sherlock’s inner thigh, circled his balls and then continued along his shaft, pausing at the slit to pick up the little droplet which had gathered.  He smiled to himself as he sucked his finger deep into his mouth, groaning around it and pumping it in and out as pornographically as he could just to see Sherlock’s face.  Sherlock’s jaw dropped and, when he saw the smile in John’s eyes, he pulled him upright and latched on to his lower lip where he had bitten him before.
Sherlock stretched out his arm and brushed his fingers along John’s shoulder and up to hold on to the back of his neck.  He tugged gently and John easily leant forward.  John paused for a moment as he got near enough to touch and held Sherlock’s gaze.  His eyes dropped to Sherlock’s lips and John’s tongue poked out of its own volition to lick his own lips before he inched closer and took his first taste of Sherlock’s.  A deep moan was heard and neither of them could say who had made it first as another joined it immediately after.
“I didn’t say he wouldn’t want to, just that we should broach the subject more tactfully, but you just carried on in your usual blunt manner.”
It didn’t take too long for Greg to wake up and when he did he felt the two heads lying on his chest.  His hands came up to rest on the bodies encompassing him and he stroked down their backs as far as he could reach.  John and Sherlock turned their faces up to look at him and he smiled at them both.
John wanted that today.  He wanted Sherlock to be able to show off for him.  He knew how much Sherlock loved it and he wasn’t blind to the fact that Sherlock hadn’t been too happy recently.  Unfortunately, he was too enamoured with Mary to let Sherlock’s usual antics stop him.
John followed him over and watched as Sherlock carefully unwrapped the cloth and examined the frog from all angles before he even touched it.  The boys spent a very pleasant afternoon of experimentation, with John putting forward ever more outlandish theories just to see the way Sherlock wrinkled his nose in exasperation.
He had had it all set up.  He had been training up his two juniors and David, certainly, had already shown signs of being fully capable of taking over when John’s tour should have ended, five months from now.  He had been in contact with his old university friend, Mike Stamford, who had been putting out a few feelers and was confident that he would be able to get John a position at St Barts, where he himself worked.
John closed his eyes as he lay there on his hospital bed.  He didn’t want to think any more.  He didn’t want to worry about what he was going to do now.  He just wanted to go back to sleep and not have to wake up in the same mess in which he’d found himself.  He wanted his life back.  He wanted Sherlock.
"Do you have to be so clever when I'm suffering?  I can't even work up the energy to praise you."  John looked up at Sherlock through one eye and smiled.  Sherlock smiled back.
By the time they approached the lake they could see that the requested transport had already arrived.  There were two vehicles waiting; one obviously to take Sherlock back to the base and one to help Martin.  Martin successfully managed to land on the lake and taxied over to the dock.
By the time he was finished he had a tune with which he was quite pleased.  The melody had the thread of the other tune woven through it with his own flairs and twirls added, and the words seemed to capture the allure of his mysterious neighbour.
Sherlock was holding open the door of a cab, which he had already managed to pull over, his foot tapping impatiently.
“Harry is short for Harriet and she decided to stay with Mum because she’s choosing her options at school and didn’t want to leave her friends.  I thought it would be fun to come somewhere new so I came with Dad.  Do you want to play?”
Sherlock used John’s own tactics to explore his friend.  He traced his tongue across John’s jaw, enjoying the change in texture as he slid with a slight rasp across the roughened skin and then on to the softer area higher up on John’s cheek.  Sherlock kissed John’s eyelids, traced his hairline and down both sides of his neck, nibbling and dragging his teeth as we went from one side to the other.  He copied the sucking sensation behind John’s ear.  It seemed John was just as sensitive as Sherlock so he also gave him a bite on his neck, though he planted his higher, just under the side of the jaw, revelling in the idea of marking John as his own.
They all moved the chairs to the sides to leave them some space for set up.  They just left one chair which Jasmine, who was playing Mollie, the proprietor of the guest house, would be using whilst she sat and listened to the radio.
“If you are going to do this, John, then at least let me get you kitted out properly.  You will need full back up if we are going to take Moran down.”
John was a bit choked at Sherlock’s words.  He knew the man loved him, as he did too; but to hear him admit it so openly in front of Greg really brought home to him the depth of Sherlock’s feelings and acceptance and made him love him just that little bit more.
John looked at him exasperatedly but, before he could launch into a tirade about inappropriate timing, Sherlock grinned and held his hands up.
Sherlock pondered it for a moment.  He was quite enjoying the lack of expectation put upon him by being unable to move.  He didn’t have to reciprocate or wonder what John wanted him to do next, all he had to do was react to what was happening to him and it was quite freeing in a way.
“That’s never a good thing”, John smiled at him and Sherlock rolled his eyes in acknowledgement.  “It’s good to see you.  I… I’ve missed you.”
“Nonsense, John, you don’t want to go in to bland, army accommodation where you’re just staring at grey walls for hours on end.  I’ve got my eye on a place in Central London which I would be more than happy to share with you if you would be willing to halve the rent with me.”
As John suspected, when they told Mike he didn’t take it seriously at first.  Sherlock went through all his reasoning and told Mike to watch her when they were all sat together later for their evening meal.  True to form, Molly chose her seat next to Mike even though there was an open one next to John which was nearer to her.
“Being away from you was the hardest thing I’ve ever done.  Seeing those pictures of you that Mycroft sent – you just looked so sad that I wanted to come straight back to you, but I couldn’t put your life at risk.  It showed me just how much you meant to me.  It isn’t something I’ve ever felt before, but I realised it, too… I love you, John.”
“When I walked in and saw you sitting here all alone, I just thought to hell with it.  I didn’t want to be without you another moment and I don’t give a shit if he kicks me out.  That’s his issue, not mine.”
“We can certainly go and check.  Or maybe Mr Johnson would be a better person to ask.  He's more likely to have masking tape which is probably the best sort to use and we could also ask him about the wood we need to make the radio whilst we’re there."
"Greg's mentioned you before.  He told me about how clever you are and when I saw you at the party I knew I just had to meet you."
“It was only three continents, thank you very much, and only one person each from two of those.  You make it sound like I’ve slept my way around the world.”  John paused for a moment, assessing the slightly uncertain look which flashed across Sherlock’s face.  “There really weren’t that many, you know.  Does it bother you that I’ve slept with a few people?”
“You mean Dr Watson, don’t you?  His appreciation and pride in your abilities was very clear to read.  Does he know about all of this?”
Sherlock smirked at him and John poked him in the side and smiled back.  He stood up and reached a hand out to Sherlock.
“I don’t know what I’ve done to deserve it, but thank you.  I feel the same way.  If your absence was good for nothing else, it showed me just how deep my feelings were for you.  I felt like I’d lost half of myself with you gone.”
“On the night of my sixteenth birthday, I knew what you were going to ask and I’d been waiting for it.  I’d seen your face over those last months and I knew how you felt about me.  I would have come to you before but I could tell your morals wouldn’t have allowed you to do anything illegal so I waited for that day.  When you eventually came to me, I was so disappointed when I saw the look on your face.  I knew something had happened but I couldn’t tell specifically what that was and, as I said before, I couldn’t ask you without giving everything away.”
“It’s been too boring to do anything.  Although I did hear your Dad say he was going to move the compost heap so I could start in on measuring the rates of decay in the new pile for comparison.  Yes, I could take a sample core from the heap now and then wait until he’s moved it and put something at the bottom and watch the difference.  In fact, I wonder if I could get him to use a piece of glass for the front so that I can see it all changing.”
Greg looked embarrassed and quickly got to his feet and fastened up his coat as suggested just as Sally and the rest of his team came in.  John had also risen and was trying to keep his back to everyone to hide the traces of blood on his clothing from the crossbow bolt.  Sherlock took over and pulled off his own long coat.
John could feel his tip touching the back of Sherlock’s throat and Sherlock could comfortably hold him there without having to pull back so Sherlock swallowed around John’s length and hummed in his deep baritone sending shivers through John.  John grabbed Sherlock’s hair, not knowing whether he wanted to pull him away or hold his head there forever.  Sherlock eased his way back, licking up the shaft as he reached the top and placing a kiss on the tip as he looked up at John.
He pushed himself up from the table and Mary looked at him questioningly.  Shit, he was here with Mary!  He sat back down again.  He was such a heel.  He was going to have to disappoint Mary now, too, but he knew there was nothing else he could do.  He had been denying this for too long as it was and it couldn’t be allowed to continue.  Just as he was about to start his stuttering apologies, Mary looked at him and shook her head.
Mycroft was silent for a moment.  If nothing else, the sincerity in Sherlock’s gratitude told him just how deeply his brother felt for the Doctor and even for himself.  It wasn’t something he had heard often, or at all in recent decades, but it was nice to know underneath that it was still there.
As they spun round the room for each dance, Sherlock found himself being gripped more tightly by John, their hips, which had started at the requisite distance apart, soon lacked all separation and Sherlock could feel John rubbing up against him.  The hand which had been on Sherlock’s back also kept trying to slide its way down his body and cup his arse.  Sherlock blushed and pulled John’s arm back up each time and tried to extricate their lower regions.
"I calculate you have a 0.7% chance of pulling the wool over my eyes, Charles, but feel free to try."
“No, John!”  Sherlock rushed over to where John was lying.  “I’m going to pull the bolt out.  You’ll be ok, John.  Don’t worry.  We just need to get you some blood.”
“In certain circumstances I might agree with you, and I definitely won’t argue with you about wanting to take things further because that’s a given.  You are, however, still recovering from major, life-threatening injuries so, in this instance, I’m going to insist that we take things slowly until you are at full strength.”  Sherlock groaned as John continued.  “I would never forgive myself if we put back your recovery because I couldn’t rein in my desires.”
“I’d put that squash ball under my arm and used the pressure to stop the pulse temporarily when you checked it.  It was so hard feeling you so close and not being able to react, John, but it had to be convincing for the sniper trained on you.”
“I know we never had a chance to have the talk but I did say that I couldn’t live without you, John, and I meant it.  I’m sorry I took your choice away from you but you were actually dying in front of my eyes.  If I hadn’t turned you, you wouldn’t be here now.  Surely even a change of nature like this is better than death?"
"Not much to tell really.  I also have an older sibling, but the least said about him the better.  My parents still live in our house in Sussex but I couldn't wait to come to London."
“You didn’t disturb me at all; I just said it was better.  Maybe you had the same feeling; you seemed to be quite comfortably asleep there.”
John burst out laughing.  “You’re an idiot, Mr Holmes, but you’re my idiot.  Get over here and take me to bed.”
There was a flicker of movement at the end of the street.  Sherlock had excellent night vision but he still strained his eyes as if he couldn’t believe what he was seeing.  It was John.  John with his head up, marching down the street purposefully towards him.  Was that a good sign or a bad one?  Did it mean he’d made his decision to leave or stay?  Sherlock still stood watching and as John got closer he looked up and saw Sherlock in the window, his eyes following him closely.  John climbed the stairs into the flat and stood by the door, closing it behind him and looking at Sherlock who remained where he was with his back to him.
“Then why am I still being side-lined?  Sherlock shouldn’t be out there on his own.  I can help him; I should have been helping him already.”
"Well, that wasn't too bad.  Greg said he'd put the list up tomorrow with all the parts.  I asked him about you, too, and he was grateful for the offer of help so that'll be great if we get to do this together."
When he was recovered he kissed his way up Sherlock’s neck until he reached his mouth and found Sherlock tasted like him.  It was a bit weird but the added Sherlock flavour could make anything taste good so he didn’t let it stop him.  He pulled back and looked over at Sherlock who looked almost as blissed out as he did himself.
“I’ll try some out and see how they feel.  Maybe a nice handlebar affair?”  John laughed, especially when he saw the appalled look on Sherlock’s face.  It seemed Sherlock preferred his ‘boyfriend’ clean shaven.
John read all his lines well and, as he had been practising with Sherlock, he added a bit of a military tone and crispness to his lines which really carried it off with flair.  Sherlock thought he sounded very good and his lip quirked as he caught John's eye.  They made it through smoothly to the end and everyone seemed very pleased with the result.
He very rarely got to watch Sherlock at rest.  Even when Sherlock was lying on the sofa, seemingly lost in his mind palace he still somehow knew when John was looking at him and John could sense that his observation had been noted so he always looked away.  Now he had free rein to stare at Sherlock as much as he wanted and he certainly made the most of it.  He loved the shape of Sherlock’s face.  Those hypnotic eyes, closed now, but John knew just how piercing they could be.  He adored the definition of Sherlock’s lips, so shapely and perfect.  He bet they’d be just as soft to kiss.  If it wouldn’t wake Sherlock up and spoil everything he would be so tempted to just try.
“Billy.  I’m sorry; I’m being a bit thick here.”  John licked his lip and gave that little half smile that would have told anyone who knew that he was anything but happy.  “Could you just run through the whole plan for me so I can make sure we’re on the same page?”
Sherlock scanned the room.  The stepladder that he and John had used was in the corner, where they had left it, so anyone would have been able to reach the chandelier to tamper with it.  Access wouldn’t have been a problem.  In fact, he could still see an indent in the carpet, which was slightly further over than where he had placed the ladder when he, himself, had climbed up, so that was definitely the means.  He and John had been the last to arrive to rehearsal today, as they had been caught by Mike on their way over, so he didn’t know in which order the others had arrived.  He wasn’t able to tell who might have been in the room on their own; though the person could have come in even earlier and then come back in to the room after some of the others had turned up, so that wouldn’t have been definite proof of anything anyway.
“Relax, Mycroft.  It’s nothing I haven’t done before and you have enough people covering my back so it’ll be fine.”
The character reveal had been made and the cast were on stage for the big dramatic conclusion of the show, and still Sherlock couldn’t think.  He scanned over the prop table, to see if something had been removed, but everything was where it should be, except for those props in use in this scene, of course.  He consciously tuned back in to the dialogue he could hear on stage; none of it was quite as loud from behind here, obviously, as the actors were all facing the audience.
Greg groaned again as he felt darts of pleasure shoot to his cock every time John took a draught from his neck.  He quivered and his hand tightened around John's body.  Sherlock smiled as he watched him unknowingly rubbing himself against John's body, trying to get more friction.  Sherlock stretched his arm round and stroked against Greg's clothed cock a few times then watched him shudder as he came in his trousers, his head falling back and a blissed out look on his face.
“You can’t believe how good it is to see you, even in this state.  I never thought I would get the chance again and now I find myself loath to leave your side in case it turns out that I’m the one who is dreaming and you’re not really here.”
John was up early to catch the coach to the station for his train.  Sherlock was being picked up by Mycroft on his way home from London, unfortunately, as far as he was concerned, so he had longer to wait.  He didn’t think he could bear saying goodbye to John in front of everyone, where he wouldn’t be able to touch him, so he didn’t go down to where the coach was getting ready to leave and, consequently, didn’t see John looking around everywhere for him.
John, himself, was having a lovely dream about his last evening with Mary when they had been making out on the sofa in the PE Teacher’s office after they had finished finalising the arrangements for the next match.  She had slid her hand over his crotch and been rubbing him gently through his trousers whilst he kissed her.  He could actually still feel the warmth now; it was lovely and his rapidly hardening cock was pushing up against her palm.  It almost felt like deep breaths flowing against him, regular and warm.  Maybe Mary was going to give him a blow job.  It hadn’t progressed that far on that particular evening but he has happy to go with the flow and allow his imagination free rein.
“No!  Don’t do it again and certainly don’t phone anyone else, I’ll never live it down.  You are completely correct; it was definitely a pig noise.”
“So what do you think?  I’ve been in to the village and had no problem walking amongst other people, even a whole day after feeding.  We even went to the hospital where there were people with open wounds and I didn't pounce on anyone, though I had just fed before that trip.  Still, I think I'm strong enough to resist."
This sparked Sherlock’s interest in all the rest of the cast and crew, thinking how much more he could amaze John with information on everyone; so he observed them as they watched the action – it was certainly better than watching the same scene played over and over.
“You mean I’ll have to train it in to you.”  John grinned.  Sherlock detoured and led them to, what John later found out, was called the Morning Room which was the favourite sitting room of Sherlock’s mother.  There were two ladies - who could only be sisters - already ensconced having tea.
The way Sherlock could just look at a body and know so much; much more than John, who was able to read the medical condition but nothing else.  He liked to feel that he helped but it was usually just to confirm what Sherlock had already deduced.  He certainly couldn’t look at the surroundings and draw the same conclusions that Sherlock could – nobody could do it like him – he was the real deal.  It had been proved on too many occasions for that to be faked.
Sherlock could feel that John was holding himself back and wanted him to completely let go so he took in a deep breath and tried to take John’s entire cock down his throat in one smooth swallow.  As John felt those lips slipping down, surrounding his shaft in warmth and pressure he let out a yell and grasped Sherlock’s hair tightly for an instant before he realised what he’d done and quickly released it.  Sherlock had paused halfway down but as soon as John relaxed again he tried to go further, determined to reach the bottom.  When John’s cock touched the back of his throat he battled against his gag reflex, not wanting to let a mere bodily function overcome his desires.  After a few moments he managed to breathe through it and he sank down to the base, his nose brushing against John’s pubic hair.
John leaned forward and sucked Sherlock's lower lip into his mouth, then his upper, then he placed soft little kisses all the way along.  Every time Sherlock tried to open his lips to pull John in deeper, John would draw back slightly, smile and start again.  In the end Sherlock had had enough.
“Yes, it is quite obvious that here is a person who is quite simply brilliant in every facet of his life; despite being clearly undervalued by his so-called family.  He manages to rise above that and share his talents with people who appreciate those gifts and see him for the genius he is.  As far as I can see, he has the wherewithal to spend his time in more esoteric pursuits with people of his own calibre, instead of having to waste his time on ignorant, dull-witted clots such as yourselves.  People who think that just because they’re going to inherit Daddy’s money, they have the right to bully anyone they see fit, just because that person doesn't fit into the right mould."
He scouted round the area and saw a motor-scooter parked in the yard of the house he knew belonged to the factory manager.  He smirked.  The man would have plenty of other things to worry about than a missing scooter.  He wheeled it down the street and when he’d turned the corner he started it up and headed south.
"Hello, sir.  Oh let me give you a hand with that."  John rushed down to the front of the workshop and took hold of the long plank which the students had obviously been using to cut out their cruet sets, judging by what they had been putting away at the end of the lesson.
“There are merely some forms you need to sign yourself so I may finish bringing you back to life.  Plus, your little paramour is away for the weekend so there’s no rush.”
The paramedics moved in and gently lifted Sherlock out of John’s arms.  Even with the care they took, Sherlock still cried out in pain and John was beside him in an instant asking the crew what pain meds they had so he could ease Sherlock’s journey to the hospital.  When they had settled Sherlock in the rig John climbed in too, not willing to let his friend out of his sight.  Mycroft had obviously cleared the way for him because the paramedics said nothing; neither did the staff at the hospital when Sherlock was whipped straight in to one of the emergency rooms.
Thank you for the photo.  You look great, very handsome, and the Keffiyeh is most fitting.  I was right, that dark shade of red does suit your colouring perfectly.  I’m sure that it will work out well for you as a disguise if you should ever need it.
"Well, I had a thought about that.  You have that big, empty, private shower stall just waiting for someone to step inside.  We need to be very quick getting ready, so we'd be saving time and money and be environmentally friendly, if we were to share said shower, wouldn't we."
He had a letter from Sherlock.  It was for him alone and no-one else had seen it.  Not even Mycroft had found it.  He treasured it already and he didn’t even know what it said yet.
“You can’t tell someone something like that and not expect them to freak out.  You just sank your fangs into your own arm, for fucks sake.”
“Yes, thank you, Mycroft.  I’m sure I can discuss such things with John at a later date.  Hadn’t we better be making a move, you don’t want to keep Mummy waiting?”
“Why don’t we sit down and you tell us your decision first; let you get that out of the way before we begin.”
Sherlock didn’t look back, nor did he speak to John or even allow himself to be seen by him for three weeks; during which time, John had gone on two more dates with Trudy and then broken up with her after he saw her kissing Peter Williams behind the bike sheds.
“Well, I stormed out of the flat as soon as he told me.  I needed time to think and I couldn’t do it with him sat there in front of me.  Like you, I couldn’t take it in at first.  I mean, who believes that vampires are real?”
John had to leave Sherlock when he went into surgery but he was given permission to sit up in the gallery so he could keep a close eye on the proceedings.  He still felt on edge whenever Sherlock wasn’t in plain view.  Having him back was still too new to miss and he appreciated the concessions Mycroft had arranged for him.
John smiled happily, a look of pride in his eyes that this man had chosen to be with him.  He could not regret that he had been injured and drugged the way he had because it had brought this wonderful man more fully into his life and they had completed each other in a way neither had thought possible.
Sherlock leaned forward and pressed his lips hard against John's then pulled back and smiled down at him.
He had been there thirty minutes and was in the middle of texting a message to Mycroft to demand that he came back to pick him up now instead of waiting another hour, as Mycroft had ordained, when he saw ‘him’ arrive.  There was no other way to describe it – John looked amazing.  He was wearing a tux, as were the majority of the other boys, too, but John had matched his with a deep blue shirt which brought out the colour of his eyes and set off his blonde hair perfectly.  After storing the image of John’s utter perfection into his brain he turned away, not wanting to be caught looking, and pretended a nonchalance he was far from feeling.
"We'll need to call you in to the station tomorrow to take down your official statement but that'll be enough for now.  Thanks for your help."
How ridiculous - where was he likely to go - and who was this Greg?  He watched John joke with the older lady behind the counter and come back with Sherlock's coffee, a cup of tea for himself and also two, hot buttered scones.
“Of course, we didn’t derive pleasure from your suffering, John.  We needed the assassins to be called off and that would only happen if they believed Sherlock to be dead.  Moriarty had set up a dead man’s switch – no pun intended – and only that would stop them.  Your grief had to be real so that they would believe it and leave you alone.”
“Your wish is my command, Dr Watson.”  With that, Sherlock lifted John off his feet as though he weighed nothing and sped up the stairs, depositing John on the bed so fast that he bounced to a stop looking surprised at how he had gotten there so quickly.
One of the props Sherlock had appropriated was a chandelier, which they had set up the previous day on a ceiling hook to test out how it looked, and it gave the stage a very authentic feel.  It would be wired up so that Stacey could adjust the brightness from her technical board at the back of the room, along with the usual studio lights and the spotlights, which would be used when they moved into the theatre for the actual shows.
“Exactly as I predicted.  Yes I would be happy to perform oral sex on you and John would be delighted to bugger you.  Then just as you reach your climax we will both bite you, one on either side of your neck and your orgasm will be spectacular, I can guarantee it.”
“Oh, that’s perfect, John.  Just the sort we wanted.  I don’t know if we’re going to be so lucky with the radio though, I’ve looked through all these and there is nothing old enough for the style I wanted.”
Sherlock shooed John away, but the gesture was softened by a slight lifting of the corner of his mouth, and John knew that Sherlock had acknowledged his concern.  John went to wait behind the door for his entry and Sherlock stood behind the prop table, running the performance through his head again; trying to think what had put him on alert.
Sherlock groaned and his eyes fell shut.  He grabbed hold of John’s face and pulled him up so that he could reach his mouth.  He kissed him hard and fast, desperate to taste those lips which had been tormenting him.  John opened his mouth and let Sherlock in, running his fingers through Sherlock’s hair and holding him close.  Sherlock rapidly unfastened John’s buttons, needing to reveal that delectable skin, and unable to wait any longer and tease as he’d been planning.  He pushed the shirt off and leaned forward to trail his lips down John’s body.  He paused for a moment at the nipples, sucking one and tweaking the other, and then he swapped over so that he tasted both.  The angle was a bit steep for him to reach any lower, so he went down on his knees, which put him in a much better position.  He wrapped his arms around John’s back and pulled him close, kissing down his stomach.  John’s hands massaged Sherlock’s head as he held on tight.
“He does have somewhat of a temper so I’m sure the first meeting will be a little volatile, but I’m hoping we can quickly overcome that aspect and move past it.”
"I don't see you having a problem with any of this.  I remember you being an expert at the dove tail joints, John."
Sherlock shuddered.  "I'm taking John on a tour of the estate, so I'm positive we'll be far too busy."
John walked off with Mary, his arm around her shoulders, forcing himself not to look back at the friend he had just stood up and left behind.  He didn’t want to go to tea with Mary’s parents at all.  He had only wangled the invitation (and made Mary think the choice was of her own making) to get out of spending the night with Sherlock because he didn’t want to risk being alone with him.  What did that say about him?  He was a coward – that’s what it said, he told himself.  A stupid, selfish coward!
"I hope so.  I would hate to think someone would be injured whilst we're putting on this play.  We've all put in so much work, too.  I would really like it to go smoothly, and without anyone being hurt."
John grinned and leaned in to do something he had been thinking about all evening; that was to kiss Sherlock.  For a first kiss it was pretty amazing.  John held Sherlock's head gently in his palms, stroking his thumbs over those sharp cheekbones.  He brushed his lips lightly over Sherlock's own and pressed a soft kiss to  each corner.  John revelled in the little gasp he drew from Sherlock as he slid his tongue along Sherlock’s lower lip and bit down gently on the soft skin.  He pushed gently inside as Sherlock’s lips parted, parrying with Sherlock’s own tongue; enjoying Sherlock’s enthusiasm at experiencing something new.  John knew Sherlock had not done it before but he was a very fast learner and was soon copying all of John’s moves, matching him taste for taste as they explored each other’s mouths.
The number of evenings he had been in his chair, surreptitiously watching Sherlock; picturing himself tracing that cupid’s bow with his finger and his tongue; sucking that lower lip between his own and nibbling upon it; running his fingers through that silky, dark hair.
Last night had been the Valentine’s dance and their dotty headmistress had seen fit to instigate a series of waltzes throughout the evening.  She had decided that they all needed to be able to master the basic steps of at least one formal dance which would be useful for when they were older so there had been practice sessions included with their PE lessons for the last month.  What she seemed either not to realise or not to care about was that there was a preponderance of boys in their school, especially John’s year, so they all had to dance together.
John sat on the floor, carefully pulling Sherlock into his arms and stroking his head.  He could barely see Sherlock’s usually beautiful features.  His face was swollen and bloody; his eyes almost shut; his lip split; nose bulbous and possibly broken; and cuts above one eye and across his cheek bone.  He looked down Sherlock’s body and could diagnose three broken fingers, maybe a couple of broken ribs and a deep cut down his right leg, running from hip bone to knee.  The trousers had been ripped and John could see it as a zigzag line on which the torturer had clearly taken their time and tried to inflict as much pain as possible; jerking the knife through the skin meaning it would be hard to repair and sure to leave a deep scar.  It had clearly bled profusely, though it must have been done at least a day ago by the look of the congealed bloody mess which had dried down his leg.
“Oh no!  John, I was supposed to stir that compound at six precisely or it could ruin the whole experiment.  I’d better go back and do that.”
John smiled at Sherlock and squeezed his arm.  He bent forward and kissed him softly on the mouth, his lips sliding across Sherlock’s jaw, placing little kisses as he went.  He didn’t want to let go; he was just enjoying being close to Sherlock, being able to hold him in his arms.
John resigned himself to it, knowing that Sherlock wouldn’t be rushed when he was in an exploratory mood.  He lifted his foot back up and held it in front of Sherlock’s face and lay back, waiting for Sherlock to begin again; hoping he didn’t plan on taking up the entire day on this part.
“What are you talking about?  Are you trying to come on to me?  Because if so, I have to say I’m flattered but not interested, thanks.”
“You liar.  You’d be in front of the first mirror you found, checking the bruises for lividity and healing times and patterns.”  John opened one eye and grinned at him, then winced as the motion split his lip open again.
John laughed and it felt wonderful to be able to do that again.  To be with Sherlock and feel comfortable – which he realised was how Sherlock always made him feel - like home.
Sherlock smiled shyly down at John.  He was finding this boy more and more interesting.  He'd never had anyone be so impressed with his deductions before and who actually seemed to enjoy his company.
“You did save me, Sherlock.  You were so brave.  I’m here to help you now, okay?  I’m going to lift your arms down but I’m afraid it’s really going to hurt – as if you weren’t suffering enough already.”
It was scintillating receiving your second call yesterday, you were lucky to get two so close together. Any time you can schedule another will be greatly appreciated, day or night, I will always answer you; you know I don’t sleep much anyway.
Sherlock watched as the man saluted a couple of officers near the door before escorting his companion over to a nearby table where they joined a large group who were already seated.  Sherlock kept him in his peripheral vision as he continued his own conversation with John, Greg and Mycroft.  After Jenkins’ table had finished their second round of drinks the group all stood up and made their way onto the dance floor.
They wandered back to their blanket and John got out their picnic lunch and made sure Sherlock ate enough of it to keep them both happy.  John repositioned the parasol to keep them out of the direct sun and they leaned back to relax a while before they attempted the return journey.
Sherlock undid John’s zip and, in one motion, pulled down his trousers and pants.  He let out a pleased sigh as John’s cock bounced against his cheek as it was released.  John kicked his clothes aside, but didn’t move away.  He was enjoying the sight of Sherlock on his knees before him.  Sherlock kissed the tip and then suckled lightly at it, before licking his way along the shaft and back up the other side.  He took John in as deeply as he could and tried swallowing around it.  He had been practising taking it in further each time they did this and he knew that the motion of his throat, moving around John’s shaft, would bring him closer to his climax.  John shuddered and moaned at the sensations flowing through him.  Sherlock did it a few more times; watching John through his eyelashes.  He loved the faces John was pulling.  It didn’t take much longer until John was gripping his head tightly, right on the edge.
Sherlock raised an eyebrow and reluctantly took a bite.  There was a nice crunch on the top and the inside was hot and buttery and it really was delicious.  He quickly took another mouthful and rapidly finished the whole thing.
They didn’t want to let you go but Mycroft managed to arrange a prisoner exchange of enough magnitude that they were willing to trade.  The deal is happening tonight and I am on the plane now on my way there.  Mycroft knew I wouldn’t take no as an answer so he arranged passage for me on the Special Operations Team plane.  I will be there waiting for you when you come out, John.  I can’t wait to see you.
Sherlock raised his eyebrow.  “I fail to see how you will be able to stop anything I wish to do to you, John.”
"I think I was probably picturing him a bit like the Major in Fawlty Towers with a smart jacket and a moustache, but I'd be happy to wear a uniform if you think it would fit the character better."
“Umm,” John concentrated hard; trying to think, then he winced at the sensation of screwing his face up and concentrated a little less hard, as he once more tried to remember.
They agreed that it would be best if John was there first and already comfortably in place when Moran arrived as that would look less suspicious than having him suddenly turn up and happen to spot Moran.  The manager of the casino had been contacted and had agreed that a couple of Mycroft’s team could be interposed in with his staff for the evening and that they could use his own surveillance room as a base from where to access all the casino cameras.  They would also have agents outside each exit in case a pursuit was necessary.  Mycroft gave John a considerable amount of money with which to obtain his chips and sent him on his way with a final warning.
Merry Christmas.  I am here enjoying a slice of your delicious Christmas cake and wishing I were home, to be there to share a piece with you.  It was huge and had enough for the whole squad to have a slice and some left over for me to keep for myself too.  It was so kind of you and everyone was very appreciative.
“If you are about to give me some banal warning about your nightmares, John, then you should know that I am already aware that they have returned in my absence, and I can only apologise that I was the cause of such discomfort.”
The characters of Major Metcalf and Mrs Boyle, played by Hannah, arrived at the guest house together, as they had shared a taxi from the station.  As John stood and mimed knocking on the door, stamping his foot for the noise, Sherlock saw a change come over him.  All of a sudden he was standing more erect with a distinct military bearing, as if he could actually be a soldier.  When the door was opened John stood to one side and extended his hand allowing Hannah to enter ahead of him in a thoroughly gentlemanly manner.  Oh he was very good at this, Sherlock decided, looking on proudly.
“Sherlock.  I have to admit the truth to myself and accept my feelings.  So here goes…  The truth is… I love you.  I think I’ve always loved you in some way, right from the first day when you stood in the lab and deduced everything about me.  You said that first night at Angelo’s that you were married to your work so I was too scared to say anything and spoil what we had, but I should have done.  Even to have the chance with you would have been worth it.  I know it’s too late now, but I just wanted to let you know so that the truth is out there.  I love you, Sherlock Holmes.”
I bought some drugs today.  I didn’t use them.  I got home and sat on the bathroom floor, looking at them for so long.  Then I thought of you and, even though you aren’t here, I didn’t want to let you down.  You were so proud of me for quitting and staying off them that I flushed them straight down the loo and curled myself up on what should have been our bed and cried.  Cried for what I’ve lost; for what could have been; for you, John.  I’m lost without you.  I’ll stay strong though.  I won’t let myself give in.  If I can do nothing else for you, I can do this.
“The strenuous stuff, sure.  There’s nothing to stop you leaning that long neck of yours further over, though, so that I don’t have to move whilst you give me another kiss first, is there?”
Sherlock tilted his head back, bringing his lips closer.  He felt warm air quiver over them as John breathed out and he gave a little shiver.  John saw it and smiled.  He blew out a little more air, purposefully this time and when Sherlock opened his lips to try and capture it, John leant further and finally brought their lips together in a soft, tender kiss.  It was delicious and both of them sighed in delight.  They kissed again and again, each one lasting a little longer and becoming more intense as they took the time to enjoy each other.
They went out for a walk in the afternoon and John took every opportunity to brush against Sherlock’s body as they walked.  They hadn’t quite progressed to public displays of affection yet - this whole thing being very new for them both - but John could be subtle and used every trick in his arsenal to align his body with Sherlock’s.
Instead, he had decided on his plan of action; to get himself established and respected and to come back to Sherlock as a successful man.  Well, so much for that plan.  He was ruined.  What was he to do with himself now?  He turned his head in to the pillow to absorb the single tear that gathered in the corner of his eye.
“Sherlock is so young and should surely be given the chance to experience other things without being tied to someone who is going off to war, and could get up to anything whilst there, or to whom anything could occur.”
"That's a relief.  So, what happened yesterday then?  Why did I end up like that?  And could you tell that herd of elephants out there to keep the noise down, some people have a headache."
Sherlock knocked his knee against John, excited that his plan was going well so far.  John grinned at him and, soon after, they left to head back to school, leaving his mum and sister to have a wander round the town before they came back later for the show.
Sherlock pushed the window open wider and grabbed hold of John’s arm as he levered himself in through the window.  He slithered down and landed with a bump on Sherlock’s bedroom floor.
“I’m sure you would, dear, but not everyone has your talents.  Is there anyone you would like to make something for?”
All he had to look forward to was when the following Tuesday would roll around and he would have the evening with John.  On that morning, however, John stopped next to him on his way to class - hand in hand with Mary – and denied him even that small pleasure.
Sherlock took hold of John’s arm and led him out of the room, smirking down at Donovan as he passed her.  He loved it when John got all protective and rallied to his defence.  He nodded to Greg and then they were gone.
"Oh no, Greg, surely you don’t mean that!  We've worked so hard, and it's really coming together now."
“It felt bloody amazing.  It was like I was completing a circle.  I could feel your life force running through me as I came inside you.  I can see why you never minded when I asked you to bite me.  I’d want that all the time too.”
Sherlock walked over to him and shook the hand that was extended to him, surprised at such a gesture in this modern world where people didn't really initiate contact.  He was even more surprised when John pulled out a chair for him and helped him in.
“You old, smooth talker.  Flattery will get you everywhere.  For example, it will get you down here now.”
“My name is Sherlock Holmes and I’m in charge of props.”  He looked at John who was sat between himself and Greg.
John laughed and moved out of the way as two men dressed in black suits - members of Mycroft's team, who had been waiting in the wings, he presumed - came through and frogmarched Jenkins out through the exit at the rear of the kitchen.  John and Sherlock headed back towards the ballroom to see if Mycroft had been as successful with his portion of the mission.
“Well, that’s something else you can stroke up to John.  The likelihood of seeing such a look of disappointment on his face is the only thing that held me back when it became a close thing on a couple of occasions.”
Sherlock could easily tell what John was thinking and before he said no outright that he didn’t want to risk what they had, Sherlock butted in.
"I'm glad you approved, my liege," John laughed and gave the imitation of a bow from his supine position.  "You'd certainly have no arguments from me about that.  I loved waking up with you in my arms, and what we just did was inspired; what made you think of that?"
Sherlock made his way up to John’s bedroom and had a good look round.  This was definitely still John’s room even if he occasionally slept in Sherlock’s.  All of his things were here.  Including his jumpers.  Including ‘that’ jumper.  The thick, oatmeal one that Sherlock had always especially liked.  The one John had been wearing that first night when they’d been giggling in the hall downstairs.  It was draped across the back of the chair so Sherlock brought it up to his nose.  John.  This was the epitome of John.  Sherlock sat on the edge of the bed just holding it to his face for a time, breathing it all in.
“Yes, you drew an adverse reaction from several people for various reasons, which I won’t go in to now.  When I discussed it with John later, he mentioned how you had come back to school last year with a sudden influx of money and influence, after your father settled a case of negligence against a colleague.  John knew no more details than that and no names were mentioned, but then, when we were at the Christmas party, you were talking about going to the ski lodge that your father’s company owned.  You started to ask Julian if he was also going to be in attendance as usual, but you stopped yourself when you realised that wouldn’t be happening this year.  Obviously the reason being because Julian’s father was the colleague previously mentioned, against whom the negligence case was filed.”
With that, John heard the phone being slammed down and the dialling tone ringing in his ear.  He shook his head in fond exasperation and grinned as he put the phone down.  “Goodbye to you, too, Sherlock”, he muttered to himself as he went upstairs to get changed.
The boy sitting at the end of the row was watching both of the other boys in the scene and making notes whenever Greg gave them directions.  He hadn’t really spoken in any of the sessions so far and Sherlock assumed he must be the understudy for all the male characters; Martin or Mark or something like that – no; Marcus, that was right.  He obviously had the most to learn and the least to do, but he seemed quite intent on his own work and didn't appear to have any problems with any of the other actors; or if he did he was too busy to pay it any mind.
Sherlock stood off to the side, as he would be off stage for his part, and read out the radio news announcement.  He was already off-book, of course, so he just presented it in his best posh BBC announcer voice.
"Yes, it's all gone brilliantly; we've been having great fun, and hopefully tonight will be just as good.  I certainly hope you enjoy it, anyway."
“Good morning, yourself.  I slept amazingly, and woke up even better, with you in my arms.  This is something I could get used to.”
Julian’s feet stuttered as he wobbled backwards, the backs of his knees hitting a chair behind him and he fell down onto the seat.  The colour drained from his face, and his head dropped into his shaking hands, as he muttered in a low voice.
"Hey, what do you mean 'dull'?"  Greg butted in, "I was planning it so it was never going to be dull, thank you very much."
“Indeed.  I will get on that right away.  I’m sure Sherlock would have liked to know that he had been vindicated in the end.”
Sherlock watched Oliver as he played the scene and noticed that his eyes kept flicking over to Natalie, who was playing Miss Casewell, to see if she was watching him.  She did glance at him, and smiled when she did it, which seemed to perk him up so he obviously had an interest in her.  Sherlock could tell, though, that Natalie was also watching Jasmine and Freddie as well as Oliver; Freddie with a look of wanting and Jasmine with a strong sense of dislike.  That instantly told him a lot about their particular dynamics.  He would have to tell John about it later to get it confirmed, and to impress John with his observations, as he had found there was nothing better than that look of admiration in John’s eyes.
Sherlock didn’t need telling again.  He took hold of John’s hips and on his forward motion, this time, he pushed in fast, pulling John back against him so that they both really felt it.
“Sure, Greg, you know that’s a good omen that it will all go well tomorrow.  The rehearsal on Sunday went brilliantly, so you know that everyone knows their parts.  It’s just the jitters before the performance.  Once everyone gets on stage with the audience there, it’ll all come together.”
Sherlock looked at him for a moment, as if he couldn’t believe what he was going to ask, but went ahead anyway.  “Did you mean it?”
John grinned and stood up.  He pulled down his trousers, leaving his underwear on, the material pulled tight clearly showing his erection underneath.  Sherlock bypassed that for the moment, loath as he was to drag his eyes away from it and he slid his hands down John’s legs.  He was right the hairs were delicately fine and soft and almost invisible in their blondness against the lightly tanned legs.
The next evening was their first rehearsal session.  When they had all arrived Greg asked for an update from each of the technical teams about what they had done so far.
“Get to Dojran Lake.  It is on the main road leading south from where you are.  The lake is divided between both countries – I’ll get an amphibious aircraft to land there and take you to the nearest base where I can arrange for a jet to bring you home.”
They spent the time catching up on each other’s lives during the last ten years.  Sherlock was keen to know what life had been like in the army and John had been fascinated by Sherlock’s new occupation with assisting the police with their investigations.  He even got to meet the DI that Sherlock was working with when Sherlock had told the man that he could bring the recent crime scene photos to him at the hospital as he couldn’t leave at the moment.
"I was just copying my Grandad.  That's how he always stands when he meets someone, and he's unfailingly polite and courteous, but precise and no-nonsense at the same time.  He's kind of my hero really."
Now what was he supposed to do?  His plan had been to finish this last tour and come home as a successful doctor and someone worthy of Sherlock Holmes, but now that was impossible.
“I would love that.  We’ve never really been able to fully let go when we’ve been at school and, even here, we’ve had so many people around that we couldn’t be unrestrained.  I think you’ll find that you are the one who ends up screaming, though; you’re much more vocal than I am.”
It seemed that Jasmine was not as popular with this crowd as she was with her own cronies when Sherlock had seen her sitting in the dining room.  She was in the same year as Greg, as were a good number of the other members of the production, so they didn’t share classes with Sherlock and John and, consequently, he hadn't really had any interaction with them except for this play.  In fact, the only actors from their year were John; Ethan, who was playing Mr Paravicine; Hannah, who was playing Mrs Boyle; plus the girls doing the costumes, Kerry and Rachel and, of course, Sherlock himself.
Moran didn’t bother to reload; he just dropped the shotgun and pulled out his rifle.  This was a sniper’s weapon so obviously wasn’t really ideal for close quarters but having seen the man’s skills in precision shooting, John didn’t want to take any chances.  He’d already rolled back up on to his feet and he shot at Moran’s balancing hand just as he was pulling the gun into line to fire.  John’s bullet grazed across the back of Moran’s hand and he yelled out as the barrel slipped out of his grip.  He quickly swung the gun back up using only his trigger hand and let off a shot just as Sherlock jumped on him, wrenching the gun out of his hand and punching him in the face.
Perhaps, if it is allowed in this hell-hole, I would be allowed to send you cake too, if it will keep up the spirits of our daring troops.  I will look into it for next time.
“I have, yes, but I’ve never killed anyone.  I learnt very quickly how much I could safely take and I would glamour them afterwards so they didn’t even know it had happened.”
Do u want this address or not?  I’ll be in my usual place for the next few days unless I get moved on again. Billy.
Sherlock laughed at John's apprehensive face.  "You'll be fine, John.  Now, tablets, clothes and then investigation.  We don't have a lesson until this afternoon, if you recall, because Professor Smythe said it wasn't worth starting the next module until after the break. He said we have some compounds to distil that will need to be tended over ten days, so that leaves us with this morning fortuitously free."
“Yours will be too hot for sitting around in all day and the silk will be soft against your bruises.”
"Hey, don't look like that.  I'm not ashamed to be seen with you, Sherlock.  I... I just want to have this as our thing for a little while.  Is that okay?"
John started reading and he always did the voices for the different characters which Sherlock loved.  Sherlock found himself deeply soothed by the sound of John’s voice and he unconsciously rubbed his head against John’s hip as he snuggled himself down into the covers.  John smiled at his friend and suddenly had the urge to provide extra comfort now that he knew what Sherlock had been going through with his loneliness.  He held the book with one hand and rested the other on Sherlock’s head.
Sherlock grinned at him, "An excellent idea, John; just what I was thinking myself - though it could be dangerous."
“By watching those two, tall gentlemen at the right hand side of the bar who are constantly looking at their watches as if waiting for someone.  I assume they are searching for us.  That means that the comments you made when Greg first spoke to you about not needed a dating service were correct.  Mycroft tried to brush it aside but you were quite right when you said the concept was ludicrous – I mean, what need could you possibly have for help in that field.”
John had one hand on Sherlock’s thighs to stop him thrusting up too strongly as Sherlock tried to raise his hips off the bed with each swipe of John’s tongue.  His other hand slid up Sherlock’s body, zeroing in on his nipples which he squeezed and teased with alternating pressures, not letting Sherlock get too used to any one motion; keeping him off guard and bringing him closer to the edge with each sweep.
John caught Sherlock’s smile on seeing his own surprised look.  Had Sherlock really just said he didn’t mind if John lay against him?  Maybe he had been hit on the head harder than he thought.  Or perhaps that drug was having hitherto unforeseen side effects.  Whatever the cause, today was full of surprises and so far, John had to admit to himself, he didn’t object to any of them.
They walked all around the building and then went back in and got settled down again for the technical read-through.  Sally and Anderson both had their notebooks out this time, ready to jot down anything they thought they might need for their production.  There was a store room where all the furniture and props from previous productions were kept and they were allowed access to anything they needed from that.  The drama department also had a store of costumes which they should be able to adapt if necessary or they could make their own.
"Well, I think we'll need to get a proper electrician in to re-wire it; this cord has been spliced right through and it's not something we can fix ourselves.  I'll take it over to Mr Hobbs, the caretaker, and see if he can get it sorted for us."
When they got up the stairs, John pulled Sherlock into his room, slamming the door shut behind them and pressing Sherlock up against it, his lips quickly finding Sherlock’s own and taking possession.  John’s hands pushed inside Sherlock’s coat and he slid them up and down Sherlock’s sides a few times, pulling his shirt out of his trousers a bit further on each pass.  When it finally came loose, John slipped his hands underneath and revelled in his first touch of that soft skin below his fingertips.  It wasn’t enough; he had a feeling it would never be enough, but he had to see that skin, feel more of it with his fingers and his lips.  He needed to taste it all, to see if it was as delicious as Sherlock’s neck.
“I don’t as a rule - you know my preferred poison takes another form - but I am willing to indulge on your behalf in the circumstances.”
“Oh that’s good work, very thorough, thank you.  Would you like me to have Anderson help you go through the prop store and find everything we’ll need?”
“Regardless,” Mycroft waved his hand, as if brushing such triviality aside.  “Sherlock has been tracking this last assassin and had a strong lead when last he communicated.  He, himself, is in Budapest at the moment, infiltrating one of Moriarty’s operations over there and has been deep under cover for a week now and unable to communicate.  He is due to check in tomorrow morning.”
“To me – nothing.  It was purely business, you know how it is.  My previous employer wasn’t very happy with your friend and if he didn’t do what he was told then I was supposed to take you out.”
“Really?  Because I can think of lots of things I would like more – most especially to kiss those lips right now.”  John blinked as if he was shocked he had actually said that.
Wherever you spend your Christmas I hope it is (or was, by the time you get this) a happy one and have a great New Year, too.
"If you say so, John."  Sherlock smiled fondly at him.  It made him happy to see John so enthused.  He had to wonder when it had happened that seeing someone else's happiness was enough for him, but then it was only one person that did it.  John always seemed able to push beyond his usual boundaries in all things.
John bumped shoulders with Sherlock and gave him such a sweet, blushing smile that Sherlock found himself beaming in delight.  He leaned forward and kissed John on his red cheeks, his nose and then his mouth; putting his arm around him as the kisses got more serious.  Eventually, Sherlock had to reluctantly pull away, after many lingering pauses to snatch just one more kiss each time.
John punched him lightly on the arm then finished opening his present.  He pulled out the wooden case, lifted the lid and saw all the professional stage make-up within.  The shop assistant had affixed the glue and remover into banded slots in the case too, and the moustache box was slipped into a fastening alongside them.  John looked at the labels on all the bottles and tubes and ran his finger along the brushes arranged along one side.  He pulled out and opened the thin box and sucked in his breath when he saw the quality of it, and that the colouring so perfectly matched his own hair.
“Yes, into my arm, not yours.  I wouldn’t do that unless you asked me to, though believe me you’d enjoy it if I did.”
“You can’t just say that without asking anyone.  Your mum wouldn’t want me turning up and spoiling your party.”
“Sarcasm is the lowest form of wit, John.  Never mind about that now, let’s go up and I can show you my room first, then we can do a tour of the house later.  I arranged it with Mummy for you to sleep in my dressing room, and one of the men helped me set it up with a bed yesterday, so we’re all sorted.  I can lock the outer doors to my suite so we won’t be disturbed.  Come on.”
“I feel the same way.  In fact, I think I have from the beginning.  I’ve never had anyone react to me the way that you do.  It was such a change to get praise for my observations instead of anger or physical harm.”
“Oh now that’s just unfair.”  They both laughed.  “A simple kiss will suffice for now, thank you, and we can go from there.”
"I still remember it, thank you, sir and though Sherlock hasn't used these specific machines, he has done woodworking at a previous school so he knows the basics.  Would we be alright to go ahead with it and just give you a shout if we need help?"
“Your next attempt was with the chandelier, wasn’t it?  You got to the studio early, before rehearsal, and cut through the wire holding it in place, leaving only a thread.  It was a bit risky, taking the chance that you would get your target, but I worked out that, though everyone passed under that spot, Jasmine was the one who stood the greatest chance of being hit when it fell.  Indeed, that would have been the case if Matthew hadn’t been so swift in pushing her out of the way, injuring himself in the process.”
He heard a crackle of paper and reached round to pull out whatever he was lying on.  He couldn’t find anything so he stood up to see what he had crushed.  There was nothing there.  He looked around to see if it had fallen on the floor but still nothing.  He sat back down again, still gripping tightly to the coat and he heard it again.  It sounded like it was coming from the coat but surely anything in Sherlock’s pockets would have been confiscated or given to Mycroft.
Mrs Hudson took the second tray of cakes out of the oven and put them on the rack to cool whilst Sherlock moved the cakes he had decorated out of the way so they could start on the jam tarts.  Mrs Hudson got down two mixing bowls and let Sherlock measure out the ingredients for both bowls and she showed him how to rub the butter into the flour to make the pastry.  They put it in to the fridge to chill for a short while and Sherlock decorated the second tray of cakes in a more traditional fashion this time.
“Right, we’re getting a bit smooshie now, even for me.  Shall we move on to the more exciting part of the show?”
"Oh I'm sure I could manage whatever you have.  Something that could keep up with Mystery, maybe; I'm sure you like to give him a good run."
“Calm down, John.  Everything is fine.  Don’t move so fast like that, you’ll exacerbate your injuries.”
"Well, yes, I think all of those things were true.  Jasmine came back to school last year a changed person.  All of a sudden she was Miss Popularity.  Her dad had a huge settlement after a case of negligence against one of his associates, and she got him to buy that high tech stereo system for the cafeteria.  Everyone miraculously seemed to like her after that.  She dropped her old friends and started hanging out with all the trendy kids and got herself a new boyfriend.  Freddie used to go out with Natalie, but Jasmine decided she wanted him, and went after him until he dumped Natalie for her.  I’ve never really seen the appeal of her to be honest.  She just seems so fake, as do the rest of her groupies.  I like my friends with a bit more character to them.”
John snuffled against the soft skin in front of him, his lips pressing lightly against Sherlock neck, causing him to instantly tense, before he once more relaxed when John let out a contented hum against him which reverberated through his very pores.
All the discussion of sex and the dirty talk that Sherlock was continuing to drip into John’s ear with each push meant that it didn’t take long for them both to be close.  John grabbed hold of his own cock, needing only a few quick strokes before he came hard, his head hitting the wall and his arse tightening convulsively around Sherlock.  Sherlock groaned deeply at the extra pressure and pushed up a couple more times before he, too, came explosively, filling John as he leaned his head against John’s neck, breathing deeply as he took his time to recover.
Sherlock thought back and realised that was actually correct.  He hadn't eaten since a piece of toast yesterday morning and tasting something so delicious suddenly made him feel ravenous.
“Oh that’s a shame, because I found a dead frog when I was down by the lake and I thought you might have wanted to examine it.”  John grinned as he saw Sherlock’s eyebrows rise excitedly before he wiped the expression from his face and feigned disinterest.
What!  That couldn’t be right?  ‘A whole week’?  The fact that Sherlock had previously been looking for information on someone was nothing new.  He used to do that all the time and had a whole host of people with whom he communicated.  Billy was most likely Billy Wiggins, one of the best of Sherlock’s homeless network.  John had dealt with him himself on occasion when Sherlock had sent him out to collect information.  It certainly had to be someone who knew him well to ask if he was sulking.  However, the pertinent part of that last text said ‘sorry it took me a whole week to find it’.  How could anyone have been asked to find something out a week ago?  Sherlock had been gone for months.  Too many months as far as John was concerned, but certainly far too long ago for that text to make sense.
Thank you for your letter.  I do find myself immeasurably looking forward to receiving every word from you.  Even though I have an eidetic memory, and know your letters by heart, I still like to re-read them; it allows me to reassure myself that someone actually feels this way about me of all people.
"Well I can't say I haven't enjoyed my time here and any time you want to come back I would be more than happy to do so, but it would be nice to see everyone back home and see how I cope in our own environment."
To start things off John took a bottle of massage oil out of the open drawer and rubbed some together in his hands to warm it up before he took hold of Sherlock’s left foot and proceeded to rub in the oil, massaging all the muscles and getting Sherlock groaning again as all the tension was released.  John massaged the whole of Sherlock’s left leg before moving on to the right.
As it was approaching midnight, however, John could tell that Sherlock was nearing his limit.  He had been pleasant for far too long and, if he was pushed much further, he would surely snap and deduce the life out of whoever was unfortunate enough to be in front of him.  John led him over towards his mother so they could say their good-nights.
Is everything okay?  It’s been four weeks without a return letter and not even a whisper of a phone call.  I find myself yearning to hear your sweet voice.
“The unbelievable aspect was all down to John’s fanciful blogging.  Solving the crimes was elementary.  It was merely a case of observing and interpreting all the details presented.”
"It was you I was trying not to rush.  I know this is your first relationship, and I didn't want you to do anything until you were ready."
“How…?  No, never mind, I really don’t think I want to know.  I just wanted to say you have a big nose.”  John started sniggering.
“Sorry, John.  Of course I don’t want you to leave; why on earth would I?  We’re a team; always have been and, I hope, always will be.  I have to admit that it took me by surprise the first time I heard it; it wasn’t anything I had ever considered for myself before.  When I thought about it though, I knew it couldn’t ever be anyone else but you.  You are always the exception to every rule.”
Sherlock blushed and took hold of John’s hand as he pulled him towards the bathroom.  They shed their clothes in the bedroom on the way past.  Sherlock turned the shower on to a pleasantly warm temperature and they got in.
The pilot pulled up just before he reached the end of the field and turned it round so that it was facing the right way for take-off and came to rest.  Once everything had stopped they jumped out and had a look at the strut.  It looked a little bowed but luckily it hadn’t buckled completely.
The person understudying all the female parts was Rebecca and, like Marcus, she was making notes on her script.  She kept sighing when the scene had to be re-played, but it looked like it was over Jasmine's performance rather than any personal problems with any of the people.  Sherlock ascertained that her issue was in the fact that Jasmine had been given the part at all, when she clearly felt that she was the better actress, and should have been given the main role, not merely an understudy part.
“It was quite evident, John, but I didn’t consciously put it all together until lunch time today, when I saw Julian’s mother tearfully telling him that they would not be able to pay the fees for Julian to finish another term here at Shaw’s.”
Sherlock sat down on the bed next to John.  It wasn’t quite as perfect as he’d been hoping – his ideal scenario had been that John would confess his love and abandon Mary on the spot – but even he had to admit to himself that had been a long shot.
“The only time we really need fresh blood from the source, as it were, is if we are injured.  An infusion of warm blood direct from the host provides immediate healing and replenishes whatever has been lost.  I knew that if John drank straight from you as I removed the crossbow bolt he would instantly heal and we would be able to get out of there before anyone else arrived and saw that he had been injured.  I wanted to purposely avoid hospitalisation; it makes for a lot of awkward questions and necessary obfuscation.”
“Well… I don’t really know what to say to that.  I’ve been worrying about giving something away for so long now and then to find out that I actually told you without even realising is a bit of an anti-climax.”
He placed Sherlock’s coat gently on the sofa next to him and got out his notepad.  He started using all their previous code words to see which one would decipher the message.  Sometimes he would get a random word appearing in the text but each time it would not make sense out of the rest of the message so he would have to start again.
In the second photo you are correct about all your observations.  I am more mature and wary now than I was.  My tan is stronger on my face and hands as that is all that shows when I have my uniform on and it was indeed quite a rarity to have a day off like that.  I didn’t realise my moustache was causing offence, I suppose I could shave it off if it’s that much of an issue.
“What if we were kidnapped and blindfolded and I had to find you in a line of people hanging with their arms above their heads?  You should always be prepared for every eventuality.  You should know that with your medical training, John.”
Mrs Hudson got out a flat cardboard cake box which she gave to Sherlock to fold out into a usable container within which to send the cakes to John.  He inserted the correct tabs into the right slots and he soon had a sturdy box ready.  It had special inserts to hold the cupcakes so he put the three he had set aside for John into place and it left him room for one more thing to add so he decided to do something special with the pastry.
"There's no 'or something'.  My brother went to Oxford so I definitely didn't want to go there and the city is where everything happens which is why I chose to come here to UCL instead.  I've been building up my own visual map of London, learning its ways and alleys so I spend a lot of my time walking the streets.  That was what I was planning on doing this evening, actually, after I assumed you would have stormed off."
“What do you mean?”  John heard Mycroft’s voice in his ear.  *Tread carefully, John, you’ve almost got him.*
Sherlock seemed quite relaxed now, so John decided it was time to liven him up again.  As he reached the lower back he shuffled further down Sherlock’s arse and made sure to rub his cock between Sherlock’s cheeks as he had allowed Sherlock to do to him earlier.  The tone of Sherlock’s groans changed from the quiet releases of pressure to moans of pure delight as he felt John sliding across his entrance.  This wasn’t something they had done yet and John wasn’t planning on going the whole hog today, either, but he had decided to introduce some teasing and to use his fingers to give Sherlock a taste of what was to come.
Mrs Featherstone had explained the situation to Sherlock and John’s families and, after assuring them she would ring to let them know when the boys returned safely, they went off to their hotels for the night, until they could take them home with them the next day.
John numbered each plate and took a swab across each one which he transferred to a slide marked with the corresponding number,  He put them in a row in front of Sherlock, who was putting them through the analyser to assess which compounds were present in each sample.
“So, Sherlock, John says you could tell everything about him just from looking at him and his room.   Can you do that with everyone?”
“That’s true, but I’ve always made time for you, too, and I seem to have been lax in that lately so I’ll try harder.”
John started to go towards the other nipple, but somehow Sherlock found the strength to force him to stop, much as he was loath to do it.  John looked up at him with puppy dog eyes and Sherlock’s head fell back, eyes squeezed tightly shut as he tried to stay strong and resist.  He put his hands on John’s shoulders to hold him back and found them slipping down John’s chest and trailing back up again, scraping over the taut muscles of his abdomen and scratching his nipples as he passed across them.
“I thought I would quite like to see you wearing it - but not around your neck, either.  I thought it would look very attractive around your wrists, tying them securely to the headboard.  What do you think – are you up for that?”
“John, would you like to experience how a bite feels?  I promise you’ll enjoy it and I won’t take too much or do anything to harm you.  I can take from the femoral artery which will link directly with your cock and it often happens that someone can come without even being touched.  Don’t worry if you don’t want to right now.  I don’t want to rush you into anything.”
“She only asked you out to make that tall boy over there jealous.”  Sherlock pointed over to the far wall with his head.
When they got to the hospital Sherlock was asked to wait outside whilst they took John into the Casualty Unit.  He paced up and down in the corridor, his thoughts whirling as he thought over what John had said.  Did John really love him?  He had certainly noticed that John had stopped going out on those worthless dates but he had just enjoyed having John’s undivided attention without considering the wider consequences of why it had happened and what that could mean to John.  Had he stopped seeing those women because he was now interested in someone else – in Sherlock himself?
“I can’t be a vampire. I can't.  Why would you do that to me?  We didn’t talk about it.  You said we’d talk about it.  I don’t even know if I want to be one.”
He texted Sherlock to let him know where he was, and got an instant reply back that they were on their way to the station.  This was followed by several rapid texts about the onerous nature of his journey, as he was having to share it with Mycroft.  At least, he had been spared the presence of any of the cousins, as they had been reunited with their parents that morning.  They had been nauseatingly catching up as he ducked out to wait in the car for Mycroft to finish one of his interminable phone calls with his office.
John struggled to focus through his bloodshot, but still partially open, right eye.  He could just make out the frustrated expression on his kidnapper’s face so he smiled as best he could, causing more blood to flow from his split lip as he stretched it.
“People don’t usually appreciate what I have to say.  I tend to rub them up the wrong way; that includes pupils and staff.  None of them seemed very keen to keep me around after that.  I wasn’t interested enough to care; they were all so boring anyway.”
"Well, of course, I would treasure anything of yours, but do you wish to part with it if it's a favourite?"
"I don't think your mother would appreciate it if we turned up at her party dripping blood, Sherlock, but we can certainly do it on another day during the holidays if you want to."
He darted his tongue out so it touched the tented material covering the hard shaft in front of him.  There was a small wet dot just at the top, where John’s cock was already leaking as if in anticipation and Sherlock could taste it.  He needed to move those pyjama pants out of the way; he needed to feel the real thing in his mouth – right now!  If he was going to feel guilt for an imagined transgression against John’s assumed wishes then he was going to make it worthwhile.  He pulled the soft cotton down and pressed his tongue into the little slit and groaned low in his throat as the small droplet washed over his taste buds.  It was divine.  The aroma was strong and concentrated so close to the body.   It was John, but more so.  Sherlock circled around the top and then slid his tongue down one side, around the base and up the other, repeating the movements as he felt John pushing against him.  This was bliss.
"Of course, anything for you."  Charles rooted around in the filing cabinet behind him.  He pulled out the relevant application and showed it to Sherlock who memorised it instantly.
Sherlock blushed at John's praise - the pleasure of having John be thrilled by his deductions never seemed to get old; it pleased him as much now as it had the very first time.  He walked over to the fireplace and put the skull in pride of place so he would always be able to see it when he sat curled in his chair reading.
John stared transfixed at the long fingers on his arm.  He slowly moved his other hand over and pinched it between his fingers and heard an ‘ouch’ in return.  His eyes travelled along the length of Sherlock’s arm and up to his face.  He reached his hand out and touched the cheekbones he had always admired from afar.  His eyes filled with tears as his fingers stroked down Sherlock’s cheek.
“Hmm, what?  No, no, I’m fine.  Feel fit as a fiddle.  Well maybe not a fiddle; I never understood that stupid phrase.  Why would a fiddle be fit?”
"Your wallet revealed a picture of you and another child standing with an older lady; matching outfits and you were probably often mistaken for each other at a distance, though your sibling is a sister.  No recent photos of parents and you have an old fashioned chivalry which was clearly learnt from an older relative, therefore, orphaned and living with the grandmother.  Though your name is Scottish, your accent is not so it wasn't your father's family with whom you lived.  You have a tinge of a soft burr, similar to Welsh but not sing-song enough to be direct, so, on the borders.  When you were talking to Mrs Hudson you used the word 'dunna' which is part of the Shropshire dialect so that narrowed it down further, though I am unsure of the precise town."
Her father was on secondment to a position at the Embassy in London and hadn’t wanted to be separated from his family so his wife and daughter had both come with him.  He often got posted to other countries so they were used to this routine and Mary had found that she fitted into the curriculum quite well with her wide-ranging knowledge so she was able to keep up with the other students of her age.
Sherlock’s nose crinkled as he smiled at John and kissed him again.  He pulled him down to sit in his lap so they would be a bit more comfortable as he didn’t want them to stop for a long time.  John was more than happy to comply, making the most of having his deepest wishes come true.
He had never considered a romantic relationship before – he had never really considered any kind of relationship before, if he was honest.  As soon as he observed everything there was to know about someone, he very quickly lost interest as they had nothing new to show him.  So how could he possibly spend any substantial time with such a person in order to sustain a relationship in that situation?
John grabbed his shirt and trousers and ran down the stairs, throwing on his clothes as he went.  He pushed his feet into his shoes as he ran towards the door and suddenly Sherlock was standing in front of him.  John staggered back, looking behind him towards the stairs.  How on earth had Sherlock got in front of him?  Sherlock held his arms out in front of him, trying to calm John down.
It has been two long months since I last heard from you and I finally gave in and went to Mycroft.  He used his contacts to discover that you were the medic assigned to a rescue mission to liberate some Allied hostages.  Your team managed to get everybody out but during the evacuation one of the helicopters got caught in enemy fire.  In the time it took to right itself and fly off, you got struck in the crossfire - in the shoulder or arm they said - and toppled backwards out of the helicopter, unable to hold on tight enough with your injury.
Look after yourself, and please keep off the drugs now that you’ve been strong enough to go through all that rehab; it would be such a shame to back track when you can do so much with your life.
“Don’t think this will spoil anything, John.  I am perfectly satisfied with us as we are and, whilst I am not actively looking for something new, I do not feel threatened by another encounter with Lestrade.  I think we can both agree that he is passably handsome and certainly not as imbecilic as the majority of his colleagues.”
John grinned at him, “Well, it’s nice to be ranked above deathly dull.  So, where’s the infamous Mycroft then?”
There had been a little tension three days ago when their catching-up had led to Sherlock explaining about his drug addiction.  He had detected sadness and even guilt in John’s demeanour, over the fact that Sherlock had had to go through that alone.  There was no censure, though, only acceptance and understanding when Sherlock explained that it had been two years now since he had last used which had coincided with when he started working with DI Lestrade.
“My father and I had been at odds all my life, John; you know that.  Even to the day he died we were still disagreeing over everything.  What makes you think I would ever worry about what he thought of me?  As to my peers, I could care less about any of those stupid idiots and I would never be disappointed to be with you; given the chance, of course.”
Sherlock reached over for the lube they'd left out from earlier and he slicked his fingers and spread John's legs so that he could work him open.  He started slowly, dipping in one finger, pushing deeper each time until it was fully in.  He felt around for the prostate and circled it, not actually touching the middle; getting John even more worked up.  John was holding tight to his shoulders and if Sherlock didn't have extra toughened skin there would have been dark bruises by the time John was finished.
“It’s just a figure of speech, Sherlock.  Anyway, thank you very much for my gifts, they are all greatly appreciated.”
“I live in London.  He spoke to my mother when he asked her for time off and she rang me to let me know.”
“It’s alright, John, the paramedics are coming now, they’ll get you sorted.  You’ve obviously got a dislocated little finger, a swollen, possibly broken nose and probably a couple of ribs, too, judging by the way you’re holding yourself.  It doesn’t sound as if it’s punctured your lung though; I can’t detect a perceivable difference in your breathing pattern except for the exertion of being struck, of course.”
Greg came over to join them, after having checked that Jasmine was okay.  He and John had been talking about it on their way back over and he had heard John's last statement.
It had been a long road to get them to where they were today and both of them had suffered for it, but it seemed that nothing but good times lay ahead of them and they both intended to make the most of it for a very long time to come.
When John was finished, Sherlock pulled him into place to wet his own hair and he proceeded to do the same for John.  He even used the conditioner too, though John didn’t usually bother as his hair was too short to get tangled.  He thought he would greatly enjoy smelling like Sherlock though so he let him do what he wanted.  He had to admit to himself later, as he was brushing his hair when he got changed, though, that it did feel incredibly soft.  He would enjoy letting Sherlock feel for himself when they finally shared a bed properly later.
Sherlock was watching John carefully as he was biting into his wrist.  He wanted to wait and give John the opportunity to see if he would stop on his own before Sherlock had to force the issue.  He knew John had the strength to control this and if he could stop himself now on his first day then it would give him confidence in his restraint and should greatly speed up the time it would take for John to settle in to his new role and be able to mingle back with regular people.
He knew that Mycroft knew what he was planning and that he’d instructed his driver to be ready to drive Sherlock over to Baker Street so he only had one thing left to do.  He sat on the edge of his bed, took a deep breath and dialled John’s number.  He listened to the message again and started as soon as he heard the beep.
Sherlock had decided very soon after they met that he wanted John in every sense of the word, but he wanted John to want him for himself and not just to fall under his thrall.  He had lured innumerable people in before with his charms and had enjoyed every one of them, but they had meant nothing to him in the scheme of things.  John he could imagine being with for the long haul, even going so far as to consider turning him if it was something John might want in the future.  That would, of course, depend on John finding out and accepting his secret.  A secret that he had never told anyone.  The only people who knew were family, which unfortunately meant Mycroft, but as long as he didn’t have to see too much of him, he could put up with that.  He did have his occasional uses after all; certainly the discrete blood deliveries which appeared in the extra fridge hidden in his bedroom whilst he and John were out saved him from having to be bothered to try and sneak it in himself without John noticing.
Sherlock tried to shake his head but he clearly didn’t have any strength left.  He latched on to the word ‘John’ though and John leaned closer to hear him mumbling under his breath.
They tested all the orange and blue cups, but they were all clear of any traces.  Then John remembered what had happened.
“As am I with you, John.”  Sherlock smiled indulgently, pleased that John was satisfied with what they had and was not actively looking for anything else.  He had noted what John had said earlier though in his comment to Greg and pushed further.  “If you wanted to, however, I would not be completely averse to allowing Lestrade to have another experience of being bitten in a more overtly sexual situation.  As you said yourself, you didn’t really get to enjoy it properly earlier.”
“Me too.  We’ll have to see what else we can fix up as soon as we can, but until then it’ll be nice to sit together at lunch and be able to chat.”
“Thank you very much.  This room is just amazing; everything looks fabulous and I love that massive tree.”
Stop it!  The thoughts kept spiralling round and round in his head.  Sherlock had obviously thought he was alone in what he was facing and that nobody believed him but that wasn’t true.  John had always believed him, and believed in him.  He had known that Moriarty was real – he’d felt the semtex strapped to his body, for God’s sake; heard that evil voice hissing in his ear.  That was no fake actor; that was a true madman.
Sherlock retracted his fangs and licked over the marks he had made, closing them up quickly before pulling away and allowing John to sit up.
It was wonderful to talk to you earlier this evening and hear the excitement in your voice as you told me about that case on which Lestrade called you in to confer.  At least you know now that he will follow-up on information you provide him so you have a legitimate link for your observations and can solve those cases on which the police are baffled.  That’s brilliant news for you.
“Blimey, don’t gush, Sherlock, you’d embarrass the poor man, were he here.”  John burst out laughing and felt easier about the situation.  He knew that Sherlock was speaking the truth about his feelings and what he said had managed to reassure John that it would not take anything from their own relationship.  He let himself imagine taking warm blood from Greg whilst he was buried deep within him.  Yes that was definitely something he wanted to try.  He considered Greg good-looking and if he wasn’t so happy with Sherlock, he might have thought more about him and Sherlock obviously didn’t have a problem with him either if his comments were to be believed.
They said their goodbyes and were soon on their way.  Sherlock directed the cab to Moran's address and they got out just round the corner to approach from the rear.  When they arrived, John sent a text to Greg with the address, he was always happy to give Sherlock first crack at a case, but felt that back-up was a sensible precaution.
Things hadn’t really improved from that night onward.  John was a member of the rugby team and Mary had stirred up some interest amongst the other girls for starting a cheer-leading squad like they had back home in America.  She didn’t make them do the more exotic climbing on each other’s backs and shoulders making towers, as her countrymen did, but they did do dancing and cheering and pompom waving during half time.  This had greatly increased the viewing figures for the teams’ matches – half of them coming for the game and half for the show.
What was he to do?  Truth or silence?  He thought about it for a few more moments and decided to hell with it.  He was a soldier.  Sherlock said ‘could be dangerous’ and here he was.  He wouldn’t cop out at this stage when he had the potential of everything he had ever hoped for in front of him.  Whether it was bravery or stupidity (as Mycroft had once suggested) he would risk it all and tell Sherlock how he felt.  He took a deep breath and looked at Sherlock.
Whilst he was up he also had a shower and relieved his earlier tension before going to see about a cup of tea and some breakfast with which to start their day.
John loved children in general and would more than happily interact with them in small quantities.  Sarah’s special clinic, however, was an entire day filled with hundreds of the little buggers and they would all be in various stages of rebellion at receiving unwanted vaccinations and check-ups.  Unfortunately, he couldn’t see any way he could refuse as she was always obliging when he had to leave on a Sherlock-based emergency.  He text back to tell her that, of course, he would do it and hoped she felt better soon and to let him know if she needed anything.
He insisted he needed to show John the entrance to the caves in which he had loved to play in his younger days so they strolled along the edge of the sea, the waves rolling over their bare feet and tickling their toes.  John could see how keen Sherlock was to go exploring once more and he promised they would come back later in their stay when they could both enjoy it to the full and Sherlock reluctantly agreed.
“Exactly!  It’s been the hardest thing in the world to get out of that bed each morning and not roll you over and ravage you.  I’ve only been waiting for you to heal enough before I could test the waters and finally properly kiss those gorgeous lips.”
The pirate looked them up and down and then snorted.  “How quaint.  Do you consider us in need of an agency to tout our not-inconsiderable wares?”
Sherlock nodded to himself.  That didn’t sound too bad.  He’d admitted his feelings and given a brief explanation so hopefully John would accept that, at least to start with.  He was sure that he would have to go over it all repeatedly before John was satisfied, but he had put it out there and now he would just have to see how John responded.
Sherlock had declared that he wasn’t going to go but his mother had other ideas and had insisted that he must attend.  She said it was a rite of passage at which he had scoffed and said he had no need of such pedestrian pursuits but when she had brought his father into the discussion as well, he knew he was out of options and gave in, begrudgingly.
He finally found it within the inner lining of the left cuff.  There was a smooth fold of material which looked natural from a distance but when John tugged it gently a tiny strip of Velcro pulled apart.  Inside was a folded piece of paper which, when John opened it, revealed a page of their secret code in Sherlock’s own handwriting.  John screwed his eyes tightly shut to stop anything leaking out – honestly what was the matter with him today?
Sherlock nodded at Billy and John followed him as they made their way through the fairly quiet casino.  There was only one blackjack table running and a foursome playing poker at one side.  John figured they must be special customers to be here out of hours; either hardened gamblers or people with money enough to pay for the privilege.  He followed Sherlock to a discretely hidden door near the bar and they went upstairs and into one of the offices.
“I think it would probably be better if I led.  I watched you counting your way round the last one and you may find it flows a little easier if you do not have to concentrate so hard.”
I’m glad you’ve decided to get in touch with that policeman; did he say his name was Sergeant Lestrade?  He seemed impressed with how you worked out that it was the neighbour and he got to see the proof of it when she ran off after your deduction so he knows what you do is spot on.  Why don’t you ask if he’s got anything else on at the moment that you could look at or if you solve one of those many cases you read in the paper, send him the information and see where that gets you?  He surely won’t refuse the assistance when it helps to solve a crime; he seemed quite dedicated so I think you’re safe not to be ignored like before.
“You really have done an excellent job there, boys.  It looks very authentic.  I could almost imagine hearing it working properly.”
"Only if I can't find a better alternative."  John winked lasciviously at Sherlock who blushed and laughed.  "So, tell me a bit about yourself.  I'm afraid I don't have the same skills to know everything just by looking at you."
The rest of the holidays passed far too quickly for their liking.  They had enjoyed waking up entangled together on the morning after and had revelled in having the whole day to themselves.  They took the time to experiment with different positions.  When Sherlock had his first chance to be on the receiving end, he enjoyed it just as much as the other way round.  They only briefly ventured out of their room to collect some snacks from Mrs C before returning to their bed and exploring some more.
I’m glad you enjoyed the cake.  It was an easy matter to deduce which was your favourite once I knew that was obviously your regular café.  I could instantly tell what the new employee was upto by watching his expression and sleight of hand as the money was slipped under the till instead of into it.  Mrs H, as you call her, remembered you fondly and was very happy to bake a cake for you.  I didn’t try some so if you wish to visit her to thank her in person – which I’m sure is something you would do, knowing the type of person you are – I could try it then, I’m sure.
“Well, technically you can now also call yourself his descendant, as you are of my bloodline as I am of his.”
He had been diverted upon his arrival at the house into Mycroft’s study.  Sherlock’s brother was only four years older than John but it had always felt like a lifetime.  It certainly seemed a far greater gap than the three years that were between John and Sherlock, but whether that was due to the fact that they were younger when they met or that Mycroft was just mature beyond his years, John wasn’t sure.  Mycroft had graduated to university two years before everyone usually did and he already had a minor position in the British Government which provided him access to a scary personal assistant and his own chauffeur driven vehicle, and he appeared more grown up than John’s own parents.
Sherlock smiled shyly.  He’d been hoping that he could play for John tonight.  He had written something special in all his extra ‘alone’ time and he wanted John to hear it and know what he thought; to see, in fact, if he would recognise that the piece Sherlock had composed was about them.
“I think you'll find I can do exactly what I like.  What's more, I'll have you know that Sherlock is a better person than you will ever be in your whole life.  I hope you're prepared for a life of disappointment and boring mundanity as that is all you'll ever achieve.  Sherlock can, and will, do anything as he isn't ruled by your petty limitations.  Now, I think you'd probably like to apologise for the appalling way you have always treated him, wouldn't you, and I'm fairly sure, that it is not something you are ever going to do again."
"I'm glad you didn't spend the night in the chair.  It was nice to wake up with you, even with my head like this."
He slid his mouth over the top and sucked gently, getting a feel for it.  It was a pure contradiction – so hard and yet so soft at the same time.  He loved it.  He curved his lips, just like he’d seen the girl do and he moved his mouth down the shaft, wanting to go all the way down until his lips brushed John’s pubic hair.  Unfortunately, he’d only just got past halfway when the tip hit the back of his throat and he pulled back quickly as he felt himself about to choke.  Okay, that would obviously take practise; maybe start off a bit slower.  He went back to just taking in the head and made do with moving his mouth up and down to the middle, using his hand to cover the rest of John’s cock.  Oh yes, that was working well.  He loved the sounds that imaginary-John was making.  If only he could hear that in real life.  He would keep those sounds in his mind palace and remember them always as that would be the best for which he could hope.
Sherlock hadn’t moved.  He was still standing at the window looking towards where John had gone.  He didn’t know what he was going to do now.  He wanted John and that’s all there was to it.  Of course, he knew John would be shocked at finding out his secret, but he’d thought that John would be able to get past it and accept what he was.  Now he wasn’t so sure.  Surely he would have been back by now if he was coming?  It was nearly dawn; Sherlock could always sense the sun rising by his very nature.  John.  John.  The word was just circling in his head.  He wanted John to come back.  He wanted John, full stop.
“I’m afraid I get rather focused on other things when I watch you playing rugby.  The rest of the players tend to blur into the background.”
Sherlock looked up at him proudly and just a little bit smug.  He’d been worried that he wouldn’t know what to do but it seemed he couldn’t go wrong by trusting his instincts.  He went back to his tasting, licking one broad stripe from base to tip and enjoying the sound of John’s groan as he did so.  He licked around John’s balls and sucked one into his mouth, pulling on it lightly and pressing it against his tongue.  John definitely liked that if the hand griping his hair was any indication so he did the same on the other side too.
He had been in touch with Mycroft through necessity a couple of times via messages left in the personal ads of The Times – his brother did like the classics.  They had used dead drops when Sherlock had needed new papers or money or for him to pass on information when he was unable to bring about the end of one of Moriarty’s enterprises on his own.  They hadn’t spoken during that time, however, though he knew it would be a necessity as he would also need Mycroft’s help to bring himself ‘back to life’ as it were, so there was nothing else for it.
“Still warm,“ Sherlock whispered and jerked his head up to indicate they should head to the next floor.
He sat on his bed and opened the box of treats he had received.  He unwrapped the paper tissue and looked at the heart – Sherlock’s heart.  There was no way he could eat that.  He decided that as soon as he got home he would buy some lacquer varnish and coat the heart to preserve it.   That was something he wanted to treasure.  With his plan in mind, he put it away for now and finished getting ready and went down to join the others; knowing it wouldn’t be too long until he was back home with Sherlock again.
“Get off with you, the pair of you.”  She covered a smile as she pushed them towards the door.  “The bell will be ringing for lunch in a minute so you may as well make your way straight there.  Look after yourself and come back if you need anything further.”
“I’ve merely been keeping a watchful eye as I assumed would be a requisite requirement of your absence.”
