Sam’s eyebrows went up in surprise. Dean could read his brother’s thoughts just from those eyebrows.
And there it was, the feeling he’d been ignoring and burying under the anger: heartbreak. Pure, sharp, unadulterated heartbreak. Cas was gone. Again. “Yeah,” Dean said. He reached into the fridge for a beer. “Learn anything interesting?”
She shrugged. “I’ve found the stage crew tends to live longer and do more good over time than the stars.”
Dean glanced at his brother. No. He knew waiting was a mistake, knew Bobby would want some time to stew in his own juices before seeing them. “Fine. You’re calling him, though.”
“He’s a fucking angel, Charlie.” Dean threw an axe a little more carelessly than he meant to. It landed in their lane, but he still winced. His aim had
“Probably a mile,” Sam said. “We can drive around, see what we see. Probably only a few open all night, anyway.”
Gabriel stared at her. She could nearly see the wheels turning in his head. “Or I could just put you to sleep again.”
Dean snorted. “If having visions of friggin’ Satan telling you your entire reality is an elaborate form of torture counts as fine, then, yeah. Sammy’s just
“Yep. Sometimes earlier, sometimes later. There’s no right or wrong timeline.” She picked up another axe and threw it, giving Dean a welcome moment of quiet to collect his thoughts.
“Maybe,” she said. “I’ll be right back.” She gave Cas’ shoulder a reassuring squeeze before walking away.
Dean bit back a snippy remark. Sam didn’t deserve that. “I had good reason to be mad at him, Sammy.”
“Yeah, yeah, I heard you the first time,” Dean said, still grumbling. His arms seemed to be stuck in their crossed, defensive position.
Those perfect blue eyes flicked up to Dean’s for a moment--flicked up and held for a heartbeat before looking away. Dean’s heart did another backflip.
Dean ran a hand through his hair. “Dishes,” he said to himself. “Dishes.” He cleaned up everything from dinner. He could handle dishes. He could focus on that, maybe have some liquid courage.
Dean closed and locked the door behind them. He chewed on his next question for a full five seconds before asking it. He still didn’t want to open the “feelings” can of worms, but Sam would want him to ask.
“I broke the cardinal rule, Dean.” Cas’ eyes dimmed. His voice, which had always been rough, grew some sharp edges. “I hurt Sam. I know you’re angry with me.”
“Leviathans,” Dean said. “She was hacking into their database when they caught her. We saw her ghost--or some form of her that looked a hell of a lot like a ghost--yesterday, which doesn’t make any damn sense. We gave her a hunter’s funeral.”
Sam smiled at the memory. Dean tried to pull himself back to the moment and away from the flashes of Cas’ empty trench coat floating in a reservoir. “Ten. At least.”
Dean knew there was something different about this forest the second they left the parking lot and started walking on a trail. It was...older. Untamed. Dean had the distinct feeling that the world could--and had--gone through countless changes and this forest had stayed the same.
Emmanuel gave him a small, cordial, warm smile before resting his hand on Dean’s leg. The pain faded instantly. Dean heard the familiar soft chime that always accompanied an angel’s healing, but there was something new. Emmanuel’s hand glowed--which was also normal--but the glow was spreading across Dean’s leg and Emmanuel’s arm.
She ignored him. “You’re pissed at him. I mean, really, really pissed at him. More than that one time I stole Baby.”
Dean had no idea how much he’d needed to hear that until his eyes threatened to brim over. Tears? Again?
. Alive. “It’s damn good to see you,” he eventually managed to choke out when he remembered how to speak.
“I’ll deal with the bodies,” Bobby said. Dean nodded his thanks and walked away, finding his flask and chugging the rest of the whiskey in it.
She just studied him. Her green eyes were still kind but bright and fierce. Dean had a feeling there was an incredibly sharp mind behind them. “Depends on how broken your angel is.”
Sam and Dean bit back laughs. “Okay, then,” Dean said. “More for us.” He added several layers of ham to his sandwich and a generous swipe of mayo. Sam added more vegetables and somehow ate his sandwich in record time. He took the stairs two at a time and yelled down. “Call me if Bobby updates you, okay?”
Dean’s shoulders relaxed. He had no idea how badly he’d needed to hear that before she said it. “Glad you think that.” He threw another axe. “Not sure Bobby and Sam will agree.”
Bobby was waiting for them. He was standing next to a funeral pyre, holding a sheet. A pile of ropes rested at his feet, a silent reminder. His face was stony. None of the three men were strangers to death, strangers to losing loved ones. To losing family.
Dean bit back another snippy remark. The next few sentences came out before he had time to think, process, or filter them. “Fine. You really want to know? Fine. I’m bisexual, and I’m in love with Cas.”
Bobby slowly put his coffee mug back down on the table. Dean had a feeling he would have dropped it if he’d done his usual careless slam. “Charlie showed up?”
Cas’ broken apology. Cas, leaking black goo. Sam, shooting at nothing. An imagined vision of Charlie, eyes closed and a terrible gash across her stomach.
“Cas is different from other angels. He feels things almost as intensely as you do.” She grabbed an axe. “If any angel is capable of loving a human, it’d be him.”
Sam shrugged. “I mean, he fucked up. I’m not saying he didn’t. But I get why. Besides, holding a grudge is pointless.”
Dean waited until he was lying in bed, lights out in the quiet cabin, to cry. He made sure his sobs were as close to silent as possible. He mourned Charlie, mourned the future she’d deserved, mourned the memories they’d never had the chance to make. He let out a little bit of the heartbreak.
“Okay.” Bobby nodded slowly. “Okay.” He refilled his own coffee mug. “We’ll put the fairy thing on pause, then. But we gotta keep up with the Leviathan. Especially the ones wearing your ugly mugs.” He stared at Dean, who eventually gave in and looked back up at him. “I’ll see if I can find anything that’ll help Sam. You look into how to really kill the Leviathan. Fair?”
“Exactly. Now, this email,” Sam said, spinning the laptop around, “makes it sound like they’ll start actually serving it in restaurants in a month or so.”
“Oh, he’s always mad at me. I still gotta report back, though.” She grinned. “Maybe next time we can talk about
Dean glanced at the newspaper. The words swam a little. “Dammit,” he muttered, going back to his coffee. Caffeine.
He walked into his room, closed the door, and sighed heavily. “I’ve got a bone to pick with you,” he said. No response.
“Should I let you sleep?” Cas asked. When Dean just blinked at him again, he added, “It’s well after midnight.”
Last night. Last night, he’d kissed Cas. Cas had kissed him back. They’d kissed some more. They’d talked about having sex eventually. Going on a date before having sex. Dean had fallen asleep in Cas’ arms.
Sam’s look was somewhere between pitying and that stupid puppy dog face. He opened his mouth to say something, but Dean waved, cutting him off. “Don’t.”
, Cas.” The tears started to fall. “Sammy and I couldn’t get to her in time. If you’d been here, you could’ve zapped us to her. Or you could’ve gone on your own and healed her up. Or brought her here before the fucking Leviathans…” He choked on the word, but he had to say it. “Before they killed her.” He looked up at the ceiling, at the ancient ceiling fan that definitely had a solid layer of dust. “We needed you, man. Where the hell are you? And how the hell are you even
Once they're all back in the classroom and the kids are at their different stations using frosting to stick pretzel legs to their spiders and dumping unfortunate amounts of glitter onto their pumpkins, Dean gets a moment to talk to each parent.
Old habits die hard though, and Castiel has been hunting since he was knee high to a grasshopper and his mother placed a shotgun in his hands. It was in his blood, and being out of commission during the busiest weekend of supernatural activity he's seen in the last decade has proven to be more of a downer than he was expecting.
Dean's face is burning with embarrassment as he walks with Emma through the mall and out to the car. What the hell was wrong with him? Hitting on the first nice looking guy that was remotely kind to him in weeks and with Emma right there. What if the guy had gotten angry or even violent? Not that the man, Castiel, had looked upset. And
"Okay great, I'll pass that along. Unless there's anything you wanted to talk about, that was all I needed." Her voice is warm and friendly, and Dean feels his hackles slowly going down.
They stay for well over an hour until Emma starts to get cranky and tired. When he tells Castiel it's time for them to head out, he looks genuinely sad to see them go. Dean promises to text him and set up a cooking lesson and congratulates Cas once again on his work. Emma is pouting about leaving but can hardly keep her eyes open. Still, she manages to surprise him when she lifts her arms up to Cas looking for a goodbye hug. Castiel's eyes dart to Dean's looking for guidance, so he gives him a nod. If Emma is comfortable enough for a hug, then that was okay with Dean.
Dean looks up into the Alpha's beautiful face and feels himself crumble. All these years of fighting -- fighting his father, fighting to keep his family together, fighting a system that saw him as a second class citizen -- has made Dean tired. When was someone going to fight for him? Angry tears well up in his eyes, and he watches Castiel's nose twitch as his scent sours and turns to despair.
Sam went quiet, and Dean knew he was remembering all the times they’d been Charlie’s backup on the outside, making sure the tech went smoothly. “She’s too smart to go somewhere like that without backup, Sammy.”
“We’ll meet you in the middle,” Dean said firmly. The last time he was on a plane, he and Sam had exorcised a demon. Having Charlie potentially trapped on a plane with anything was a dealbreaker. Demons were small fries, sure, but Leviathan? Hell no.
Bobby’s phone rang. He shrugged. “Maybe this’ll be our magic answer.” He held the phone to his ear. “Yello.” He stood a little taller. “Jody. Hi. What’s going on?” He left the cabin.
“What happened to the Impala?” Cas asked. “Why aren’t you driving her?” His tone made it clear that he’d already asked Dean that question. So did Sam’s raised eyebrows.
Charlie pursed her lips. “Kind of both. Sometimes people--like yours truly--try to convince themselves they’re bi or genuinely think they’re bi before coming out as gay. Sometimes people realize that they genuinely are attracted to both men and women.”
“I can’t, man,” Dean said, shaking his head and instinctively backing away. “I gotta get back to Sam and Bobby. Stop the Leviathans. You remember those, right?”
her eyes seemed to say. Dean gave them a half sort of wave and walked out, closing the door behind him.
The cover held a photo of him and Cas in matching tuxes, beaming. He opened it with a shaking hand and noticed, for the first time, the shining wedding band on his left ring finger.
“It better be a good one,” Dean grumbled. For a few heartbeats, neither hunter spoke. Then Dean broke the silence with a softer tone. “I brought an angel blade, Sammy. But not for Cas.” He exhaled heavily, through his nose. “His trenchcoat is in the back. If he wants it.”
“We know, Cas,” Sam said in a softer voice. “And someone got them, somehow.” He let out a short laugh. “Whoever they are, we owe them a fruit basket or something.”
“Huh.” Dean leaned back in his chair. “Guess it’s her version of locking the door behind her. Speaking of,” he jerked a thumb behind him, “I should lock this one.” He took the quick walk to the door and back to internally berate himself. What the hell was he thinking? Cas was an angel. Cas didn’t have feelings. Sure, Dean was in love with him, and yeah, Charlie hadn’t discouraged him, but still. Admitting his feelings to himself was one thing. Acting on them? Was he ready for that? Hell no.
Shock crossed over Cas’ face, but he nodded. “Exactly. Raphael would have undone all of the work you did--we did--to prevent the apocalypse from happening.” His imploring eyes met Dean’s. “I just wanted to save you.”
Bobby pressed his lips together and shook his head. “Not this time, kid. If it is Cas, he could probably fix Sam. And I’d rather put our humpty dumpty back together ASAP instead of waiting. Wouldn’t you?”
“If you count more files of dirt on Dick than you could imagine, yeah,” Sam said. “We only skimmed the first file or two, but it seems like he’s buying land. Lots of it.”
“Just hear me out,” Charlie said, standing and holding her hands out defensively. Her eyes sparkled. “Cas.”
“Yeah, that’s what I figured.” Bobby took a swig of whiskey before leaning back in his chair, studying Dean as he crossed his arms. “And you?”
As he filled up the glass, Dean tried to remember how he felt about Lisa and Carrie. Sex with them was fun, sure. He’d loved them. But compared to how he felt about Cas? Those feelings were small campfires, contained by the borders of a fire pit. His feelings about Cas were a bonfire, wild and raging.
No. No, he didn’t actually need to blow it out. It could stay lit--at least for a little while. Maybe something about keeping the connection open would bring Cas to them. Or maybe, if nothing else, it would make up for all of the words Dean couldn’t quite say.
Dean didn’t even have words. He let his emotions show through his eyes: fear and hope warring together equally.
Charlie glanced up at the ceiling. “Gabe’s calling. Gotta go.” She winked at him. “Think you have enough to stew over for now.”
Cas came down the stairs, looking confused. “Is everything alright? I just passed Bobby, and he…” Worried blue eyes went to Dean’s. The question in them was clear:
Sam’s eyes lit up mischievously. Before he could open his mouth and explain, Dean said, “I’ll call her, and she can tell you.” He closed his eyes.
Her eyes flashed with...something. Power? Dean couldn’t quite read it. “We’re running out of time,” she said. “I need to charge this, which means you three--” she waved at Sam, Bobby, and Dean--”need to go.”
“Then you still go,” Bobby said impatiently, shaking his head as he made his way towards the stairs. “You could always ask if she wants to go on a date
“Shit. Probably.” Dean ran a hand down his face and suddenly felt all of the fatigue that the kiss had held at bay. “Yeah. I should sleep.”
Bobby held up his hands defensively. “I’m just asking. Figured now’s as good a time as any to check in.” His voice softened--a first in their relationship. “I got the voicemail, Dean.”
“I should be able to.” Cas’ eyes dropped, breaking contact with Dean’s. “But we should wait until tomorrow.”
Bobby exhaled heavily. “Maybe. But we gave her a hunter’s funeral.” He took a deep breath. “Anything good on her laptop?”
His phone buzzed in his pocket. “We’re not done,” he said, pointing at Chet. The monster’s smirk grew. Dean turned back to Sam and Bobby, pulling his phone to his ear. “Yeah?”
“You son of a bitch,” he muttered, lighting the candle that was still on the mantle. It flickered at first, struggling to light. He wondered if that’s how Charlie had felt earlier that day--struggling to help, to stay present, to not get called away by whatever power took her from them.
“You should.” Elle was standing on her front steps, smiling at them. “Welcome, everyone. Come on in.” Sam walked in first, followed by Bobby and Charlie.
“Who else is gonna be at this thing?” Bobby asked. Based on his frown, he didn’t find it nearly as humorous as Dean did.
“Maybe Elle and Jody are…” Sam trailed off before beaming in victory. “Yes! Found a place.” He jotted down the address.
“You being bi?” Sam asked. Goddammit--how could the kid say that so fucking easily? “Two words, man.”
“Just to be clear--Cas’ memory came back when he healed you. Because he healed you. By fixing you, he fixed himself.”
Fear verging on terror rushed through Dean, joined by a jolt of adrenaline so strong he almost started to run. “We gotta find him. Now.”
Cas smiled at him with that same soft, gorgeous smile. “Goodbye, Dean.” There was a soft rush of wings, and Cas vanished.
Jesus, the kid looked like hell. Hollow. This...this wasn’t Sam. Not really. But there was no time to dwell on it, so Dean just kept going. “Find anything interesting?”
“Well, this is at least the third time Cas has done it. I’ve lost track of how many times it happened to these two,” Bobby said, waving at Sam and Dean.
She shook her head. “Thank you, but no. I can take it from here.” She walked over to Cas. “Take care of yourself, okay?” She gave him a hug, and Dean watched as Cas’ arms wrapped around her tiny frame.
Bobby waved his offer away, getting out bread and sandwich fillings. “Don’t bother. I’ll figure that out. You and Sam get to the bottom of the Leviathan business. The sooner we can figure out what their endgame is, the sooner we can stop it.”
Dean shook his head. “He keeps flying around with no rhyme or reason, apparently.” A new thought occurred to him. “Guess the plus side is no one can track him--demons or Leviathans or angels.”
The interview with the sheriff was pretty standard. “Only weird thing is, it’s not a full moon,” Sam said as they walked back to the car.
Dean felt like someone had kicked the wind out of him. The joy and relief shattered. Cas was looking into his eyes, but there was no recognition. There was polite curiosity and general warmth. None of Cas’ intensity.
Charlie’s face fell. “Well, the ones that are left mostly believe the same things. None of them wanted the apocalypse to come back.”
Dean had to lean against the kitchen counter. His knees had gone weak with the pressure of his realizations: he was bisexual. He was capable of falling in love and wanting to have sex with men and women. And in this moment, he was in love with Cas. Probably had been all along, truth be told. And he wanted to sleep with Cas. Considering all the times he’d stared at Cas’ lips instead of those incredible blue eyes, he’d probably wanted that for a long time, too.
That didn’t make it any easier. It never made it any easier. Charlie was joining the lineup of lost family members. Dean’s parents. Ellen. Jo. Cas.
Too much. Everything was too damn much. He breathed in through his nose and realized something reeked.
Bobby waited until Sam had disappeared from the stairs to talk again. “How do you think he’s really doing?”
Sam didn’t say anything else. He didn’t have to. And Dean, who was stunned speechless, just nodded. After he’d made sure his gun was all set with silver bullets, he managed, “Thanks, man.”
“Not a chance. But we can probably come back here. Maybe.” She glanced up. “I think my time is almost up, anyway. Better get you back.”
All three of them jumped back a little. “Jesus, kid. Can’t you warn us or something?” Dean said a little more harshly than he meant to. His nerves were frayed, and from the judgy look Charlie gave him, she could tell.
“You also haven’t lost two important people while your brother’s seein’ his old bunkmate before.” Bobby’s expression was somewhere between mad and awkward, and it broke Dean’s defenses a little. He was trying. Bobby didn’t talk about feelings. Ever. But he was genuinely trying. So Dean took a breath.
“Shut it, Sammy,” she said, nudging his arm. “Cupids set up romances. We don’t have them ourselves.”
Sam opened his mouth to fight back, but someone in front of them gave them a death glare. Apparently they were supposed to wait for Emmanuel quietly. Great. Exactly what Dean needed: a chance to be alone with his thoughts and feelings.
Bobby nodded. Dean noticed the mess of papers strewn everywhere, the dishes in the sink. “What happened here?” He looked around for his favorite redhead. No sign of her. “Where’s Charlie?”
was on his little brother’s face. They walked back quietly, each lost in their own thoughts and the sounds of the woods at night.
The angel just glared at her. He was short, she thought. But maybe he just seemed short because she was used to Sam and Dean.
Cas’ eyes went distant, and a small smile crossed his face. “I remember her.” He tilted his head, focusing back on Bobby. “How do you know her?”
Tuesday, thank God). But it still took a toll. It always took a toll. “‘Night, Charles.” He blew out the candle.
“The only way out is through, Dean,” Charlie said quietly. “You’ve been through a special type of hell just in the past week. It’s been a hell of a lot really fucking fast.” She squeezed his arm and smiled up at him. The understanding in her eyes nearly broke his heart. “You’ve gotta get this out, Dean. If you want to keep helping people--if you want to fight the Leviathans--you’ve gotta get this out of your head.” She started pulling at the axes. “We’ll keep throwing and shooting the shit as long as you need to. The Leviathans are smart and ruthless and don’t feel the way people do.”
His giant nerd of a brother had an odd look on his face. “She doesn’t know off the top of her head, but she’ll do some digging. Maybe call in a favor or two, if she has to.”
“Come on,” Charlie said, taking his arm. “Let’s go for a walk.” She pointed at Sam and Dean with her free hand. “Don’t do anything dumb.”
Her place. Bobby couldn’t say her name yet. Dean shook his head, knowing he was adding salt to the wound. “Probably better that we didn’t. The Leviathan would’ve seen them, made them useless.”
Dean tried to let that sink in. He’d never thought of it that way, but he heard the truth in it. Charlie squeezed his shoulders. “I think forgiving Cas would do you a
. Dean pursed his lips before nodding approvingly. It felt good to throw something, to hit something that wasn’t going to fight him back. “Cas healed Sam.”
Bobby’s eyebrows scrunched together. “Gabriel, who’s actually alive and helped her become a Cupid, sent you a dream?”
Sam’s smirk grew. “I mean, politically, it’s a smart choice. He’s got friends in high places. Hell, he’s already pretty high up. Rich, powerful.” He shrugged. “Not his fault his name sucks.”
Cas’ eyes went distant again. Lost. Dean was suddenly reminded of their earlier conversation. “They’ll be okay, Cas.”
Charlie doubled over with the force of her laughter. When none of the boys joined her, she said, “You’re kidding, right?”
“She’s a good one. And technically, I’m not even sure how much of her power she used.” Charlie waved the thought away. “Doesn’t matter. More importantly: axe-throwing range. Life chat. Yes or no?”
“I’m healed,” Cas said simply. “And I have more amends to make. I made a mess of heaven. I should go and fix what I can.”
Dean took a deep breath, trying desperately to clear his head and not get lost in the closeness of Cas, the look in the angel’s eyes. “Yeah. Yeah, I guess I do.”
There she was. Bright red bob cut, graphic tee under a checkered flannel. Eyes bright as ever, if a little distracted.
Sam tied the ropes around her body. Her still, lifeless body. Jesus, that was wrong too. She shouldn’t be dead. Charlie was too young and fiery and kind and good to be dead. But everyone--all the angels and demons and hunters--knew full well that didn’t matter. Death didn’t discriminate.
“That’s your wheelhouse, genius,” Dean reminded his brother. “Not mine.” He drank his coffee. “Damn. The coffee here is amazing.”
He poured more whiskey into his glass, then Bobby’s. “I’m pissed, too. I’m pissed at the Leviathans for killing--” He couldn’t say her name. “You know.” Bobby nodded. “And I’m pissed at friggin’ Cas for letting them in. I’m pissed at Sam for lying to us.”
“And I will,” Cas said, breaking eye contact with Dean. Miraculously, the heat faded, and Dean could breathe again. “I will come as soon as he calls. Assuming he calls.”
Bobby swore as Cas walked to Dean’s side. Dean took his angel’s hand and started making his way towards coffee--and Bobby. They paused on the top of the stairs, but Dean felt like he was standing at the edge of a cliff. Another turning point. He’d been so swept up in his strange and new happiness that he’d forgotten, for a few moments, what--who--he could lose. He looked down the stairs at the guy who’d been a father to him for a long, long time.
“If we can go throw some more axes, then yeah. Just let me tell Sam.” He stuck his head out of the bedroom door. “Sammy?”
“Not like we can pull over anywhere to crash.” Dean’s vision was swimming. He furiously wiped away the tears that were leaking out of his eyes. “We gotta get her out of here.”
Something in Dean twisted. That soft smile was easily one of the most beautiful things he’d ever seen, but it wasn’t Cas. This was
“Or not.” Dean made his way to the stairs. “Seems like this’ll be an overnight gig. I’m gonna pack a bag.” He could feel Sam and Bobby’s pitying eyes on him as he walked away. No. He’d deal with them later. They meant well, but he was barely keeping it together.
“Because we’ve both been through a lot very quickly. And there’s no need to rush.” Cas’ eyes flashed when Dean opened his mouth to talk. “Don’t even
Dean threw the axe with all of his strength. It, like the others, was still left of center. “Dammit!” He stormed off to get the axes, Charlie almost running to keep up.
To his horror, Dean felt tears welling up. He bit his lip, hoping the pain would snap him the hell out of this. This was too much. All of it was way too goddamn much.
Sam shook his head at Dean, who nodded. There was no way in hell they’d face whoever this lady was unarmed. They crept out from behind the trees and into the clearing, avoiding the werewolf guts.
Sam ran a hand through his hair. “Copies of emails and files related to Richard Roman Enterprises. Dean and Bobby and I have looked through them already, but maybe you can find something new.” The laptop pinged, and Sam ran over to it. “Yes!”
Dean stared at the whiskey. “Friggin’ bees, man,” he muttered to himself before chugging some more, welcoming the burn. Maybe if he could focus on that, he could forget everything else. Forget the blue eyes that haunted him, the apology he never had time to accept. Maybe the burn in his throat could overpower the ache in his heart, even if it couldn’t numb it.
Charlie nodded. “I figured it’d be easier to talk about feelings if we were also throwing sharp objects.”
“You sure about that?” Charlie said, raising one eyebrow. “From where I sit, those are good things. They’re what made you stop the apocalypse. They’re what equipped you to save Sam and Dean.”
Sam paused, reading Dean’s face, before nodding. He sprinkled salt and then gas over her body. God, Charlie was
Cas’ eyes lit up, and Dean let his head fall back to the angel’s shoulder. “Damn, Cas. You’re really fucking good at this already. How?”
Arousal. Cas had looked hot. Gorgeous and sexy and hot. He’d wanted Cas in a way he’d never wanted anyone, and he’d just shoved himself too far into the closet to recognize the damn feeling for what it was.
Charlie took a deep, dramatic breath. “Much better.” She grinned. “And it’s damn good to see you, too.”
Dean sighed in a rush of air as he sat. He shook his head before going back to his beer. “Friggin’ angels,” he muttered.
“Just...be careful, kiddo,” he told her. Sam smiled fondly. Charlie was practically Bobby’s daughter.
Dean exhaled heavily before taking a sip of his coffee. “I’m trying to not be mad at him anymore.” Sam’s eyebrows shot up, so Dean added, “Trying. He seriously, seriously screwed up. But being pissed isn’t gonna get me anywhere.”
“It should,” Sam said. “If Elle’s done everything she says she did--and we don’t have a reason to think she’s lying--then it should work.”
Dean frowned and risked focusing on Cas instead of the floor. The angel almost looked...nervous? Awkward? But that didn’t make any sense.
Dean had a sudden, fierce instinct to take Cas’ hand. Stupid. Dumb. But holding Cas’ hand had felt so
What was that word Charlie had used, back when she was alive and talking about girls she liked, for some of the girls she met? Bi? Queer? People who liked men and women.
“Hey, babe,” Cas said. He kissed Dean on the cheek. “There’s coffee, right? Please say there’s coffee left.”
Sam opened his mouth to fight back, and Dean knew them well enough to know they could debate this to death. “Just say you’re welcome, Cas,” Dean said begrudgingly. “Sam’s not gonna let it go otherwise.”
Dean cranked up the radio. He saw Sam’s clenched jaw from the corner of his eye and Cas’ devastated expression from the rearview mirror. But he couldn’t handle this conversation anymore. He couldn’t drive
The butterflies died as quickly as they’d taken flight. Why the fuck was Dean this affected? He’d liked people before. He’d loved people before.
“I did,” Dean said, taking a deep breath and standing taller than usual. He knew Sam supported him and Cas, but a part of him was still deeply defensive.
“A goddess, maybe?” Sam asked. Before Dean could make a snide remark, he added, “Think about it. What other creature is powerful enough to make something explode?”
, tell me before the kid who was raised by John Winchester and needed a friggin’ Cupid to realize his own feelings?” Bobby snorted. “Hell yeah. I bet on the angel.” His mouth twisted to the corner. “Can’t say I’m mad about being wrong, though. Bound to happen to everybody once in a while.”
Dean rolled his eyes and neck, but he listened. “Yeah,” he said, slowly nodding. “Yeah. I’m okay. Better, at least.” He ruffled her hair. “Thanks, kid.”
Dean nodded and cleared his throat, trying desperately to get some semblance of composure back. “Okay.” Bobby and Sam were waiting by the door. He walked over to them before glancing back at Charlie and Cas one last time. “See you soon.”
Dean snorted. “Took me axe throwing. Wouldn’t leave me alone until I talked. Convinced Gabriel to send me a dream that opened up a whole can of worms.”
“Honey whiskey,” Dean mumbled. “Honey and bees and...friggin’ angels, man.” He took a swig of whiskey right from the bottle. “See you tomorrow, Sammy.”
“No thank you,” Cas said. “I have yet to enjoy the taste of molecules in sandwiches. There are too many. It’s not pleasant.”
And with that, Victoria Hernandez says her goodbyes and walks out the door, leaving Dean to stand in his kitchen and wonder how he got to this place in his life. It's still early, too early for dinner and way too early for bed, and with nothing else to do Dean picks up the envelope containing his daughter's life and decides to do some reading.
"I was really young when I met my ex-husband, and honestly we didn't really date. He had a lot of money and freedom, and I had spent my life being sheltered from the world. He introduced me to a whole new world and it didn't take much for me to feel like I was in love. In the beginning, we had a lot of fun and I do think he cared for me in his own way. But ultimately, I was another pretty thing he collected and placed on display in his house. When I started to see beyond the surface and question my feelings, he gave me the one thing I'd always wanted and never thought I could have: a family."
Dean happily folds himself against Cas and drapes his arm around the other man to tuck him up nice and tight to his side.
"Ah yes, that's right. And you have been a tremendous asset throughout those six years." Adler drops his hands and leans forward like he's telling a secret. "Look Dean, I'm going to level with you, because you seem like the kind of guy that likes to cut straight through the bullshit and get right to the point."
The ceremony had been simpler than Dean would have expected. Castiel had laid him down in their bed, instructing him to remove his shirt, before walking around the room chanting in Enochian and placing sigils on each wall. Once that was done, he had shed his trench coat, suit jacket, and shirt before crawling in beside Dean and gathering the man in his arms. Legs tangled, foreheads resting together, and lips a hair’s breadth apart, Cas had started singing softly, his voice so low Dean could feel it rumbling in his chest, the words once again in Enochian. As he did, a soft white light started to fill the room. It swirled around them brushing against Dean. It was cool against his skin and it caused him to shiver in Cas' arms.
His eyes cross trying to read what's in front of him until he lets out a frustrated grunt and yanks it free from Sam's grasp. It's a deed, and it looks old. Dean scans the paper quickly, shaking his head as he reads.
Sam feels like he needs a minute for his emotions to figure themselves out. He was so wired for bad news it's like he can't take in the relief yet.
Emma kisses Diva Sparkles goodbye and gathers Dog before holding her arms up to Sam expectantly. Sam doesn't hesitate to scoop his niece up, and she shrieks with laughter as he lifts her high above his head for a moment before bringing her to settle on his hip.
Cas has given up correcting Sharon when it comes to his relationship with Dean, so he just waves her off with a smile. It was time to get dressed. After a quick shower where Cas spent almost as much time debating whether or not he should take a little more "me time" than actually washing, he carefully lays out his costume. First, he slathers on some natural deodorant that reeked of patchouli for an added layer of authenticity, then he wiggled into a snug pair of blue jeans with a slight flare at the bottom, light blue dress shirt with the top buttons left open and the sleeves rolled to his elbows which he carefully tucks into his pants before sliding on a black belt. He had debated with himself over the wig for the last week, but it really did make the look, so Cas slicks back his own dark hair and pins the wig in place. By the time the sound of Dean's car could be heard coming down the driveway, all Cas had left to do was grab his palette and brush and he was ready to go.
Y'all have made it to the end of the story! Thank you for sticking with me through it all. I know the chapter count still shows one more but it's an epilogue that will be coming along in a few days.
"Unless you're some kind of angel who can snap your fingers and make the world less shitty, I doubt you could help right now."
So I want to give a heads up that the chapter starts off with a phone call from Lydia. There are mentions (briefly) of drug overdose, addiction, and contemplation of abortion. As well as a distressed child. If this could be harmful too you please skip to the first line break and I'll recap in the end notes.
The Alpha heards Adam and Noah out of the kitchen, leaving the two Omegas to finish their planning, but Castiel is too distracted to be of much help. Eventually, he gives in and bids his sister-in-law goodbye with the excuse of not feeling well and a promise to help when he was feeling better.
Claire has been Dean's shadow for weeks now. Ever since his husband went on paternity leave Claire has been following him around. Offering to get him water or helping to pick stuff up that Dean couldn't bend to reach.
Dean's leaning on the back of the couch trying to find some relief from a particularly painful contraction. He's holding in the sounds he wants to make because he doesn't want to freak out the kids.
so did I, and now I took that from him. But jesus I couldn't lose him. I couldn't lose him Sam but what if he never forgives me for taking this from him. What if he hates me for it"
Dean looks up and makes eye contact with Cas over the top of Teddy's head and nods towards the flowers, raising his eyebrow in a question. Cas smiles and points to himself shaking his head before pointing at Teddy's back and mouthing "His idea." Dean's face goes sappy in a way that makes Cas' heart swell.
Luckily for Castiel, Dean enjoys cooking, and he especially enjoys cooking for Cas, so there is always something good to eat in the bunker's fridge. After a little rooting around, Cas lets out a happy noise when he finds some leftover lasagna. He's only interrupted twice during dinner and then the phones go quiet. There's no telling when Dean and Gabe or even Sam will return, so Castiel doesn't bother to wait up. Instead, he drags his tired body to the room he shares with Dean. He spends a solid five minutes adjusting the pillows to fit around his body and support his heavy belly before finally lying down for some much needed rest. Before he can sleep though, Castiel has to send a prayer to his angel. He does it every night they're apart. He clears his throat and lets himself melt into the memory foam underneath him.
Dean quiets him with a kiss as his fingers slip out of him. Cas clenches on air feeling achingly empty until the pressure of Dean's blunt cockhead presses against his entrance.
scroll across the tv screen. Dean carefully scoops her up as she grumbles in her sleep. She lifts her head off his shoulder and looks around with droopy eyes.
Fifteen minutes later and Cas is watching Bobby drive away with his babies, an odd mix of worry, sadness, and arousal swirling through his body.
Dean sits on the bed by his side so he can slip an arm around him and help support the slight weight of their daughter.
He's naked on his back in the middle of their bed, his legs spread obscenely wide as he works his fingers into his aching hole. His skin is flushed and covered in a fine sheen of sweat, and his hair is dark with it, sticking up at odd angles from where his own hands have been pulling absently at the strands. Dean can't remember ever feeling this desperate during a heat. His fingers aren't enough even as he jacks his weeping dick in time with the slick desperate movements of his fingers.
Rifling through his stash of tea boxes, Cas pulls out a nice citrus blend to help wake him up. When he had first started working nights, he'd practically been consuming coffee intravenously. But it just ended up throwing his inner schedule all to hell, so now he mostly stuck to tea. Almost more than the flavor, Castiel just enjoyed the grounding effect of holding a warm drink cradled in his hands.
Castiel's eyes narrow but he sets down the wine and carefully plucks the "cat" from Dean's lap, cradling it in his arms like a baby. The thing starts to purr so loudly Dean thinks it must be trying to summon the demon that created it, but the tender look on Castiel's face as he scratches under the beast's chin and coos at it keeps Dean from making another comment.
"Ah-huh, I eat eggs with Miss Elizabeth when mommy has to work." With that, Emma carefully pinches the bacon between two fingers with her lip curled in distaste and stretches over to drop the offending meat on Dean's plate. Once she's rid herself of the bacon, Emma settles back in her seat and starts shoveling eggs and hashbrowns into her mouth like it was going out of style. Dean has a brief flash of panic that she might choke, but after a few bites, she slows down to chew.
Two days later, Dean wakes up cocooned in the warmth of Cas' arms and has exactly fifteen seconds to enjoy it before his stomach rolls and he immediately knows he's about to vomit. Throwing back the covers and making a mad dash for the bathroom, Dean knows with 100% certainty that he's not going to make it to the toilet but as he skids into the bathroom and finds himself bending over and hurling out every bit of last night’s dinner, he has a fleeting thought that at least he didn't ralph on the carpet.
Castiel pulls the box out of Dean's grip even more confused. Didn't he hear Dean tell Gabe he was married? Why does it feel like he's coming on to him?
"Of course Cas, take your time." He turns to give the little girl bouncing at Cas' side a megawatt smile. "Hey there, Honey Bea, you want to help me get these beauties in some water?"
"Dean, I'm telling you it's not here. I don't know how else to say it, but I'm looking directly at the screen, and there
"I know it's a lot, Dean. I'm sorry for springing all that on you. If you need some time to think it over, I will obviously understand."
Dean is by his side in seconds, kissing him and stroking his hair. His strong mate has tears in his own eyes as he tries to hold himself together.
The smug look falls from Sam's face, and he stares in shock which honestly Dean thinks is a little insulting.
"Hhm, well how about you lay back and I suck you off and then ride your cock till you're screaming my name?"
Cas finishes his food in record time and sits back with a sigh feeling a little bored. He pours another glass of wine and putters around the house for a bit trying to find something to do. There are plenty of chores, but the thought of cleaning the same 800 square feet of apartment one more time is enough to drive him insane, so Cas shuts the door of his bedroom, cutting off the sight of his rumpled bed sheets and the clothes littering the floor.
Dean scowls at the woman, but Castiel doesn't want to start a scene, so he quickly thanks Dean and scoots to the side with his computer heading for the back rooms where his old office is located.
They had agreed it was best not to mention the baby over angel radio in case anyone happened to be listening, so Castiel had taken to using the word roommate. Dean had thought it was hilarious, and now it was a bit of a running joke. Dean's bright smile and rich laughter are the last things Castiel thinks of before drifting off to sleep.
There was really only one way to get around the CPS and the stigma saying Dean couldn't work, and that was to get mated. If Dean had an Alpha who was at least 21 and a bite on his neck, CPS wouldn't have a leg to stand on as far as his boys went. And mated Omegas were considered much safer to employ, as they didn't put out all those "distracting" mating pheromones. Dean calls bullshit on that one, but for now, he has bigger things to worry about.
After a quick shower, Cas flies through his regular morning routine. Dressing in his usual dark slacks and white button-up, Cas takes a moment to pick out his tie. He's been feeling rather intune with nature the last week, so he decides on his bee tie. It's an ugly orange-yellow made to look like a honeycomb with realistic bees crawling all over it. You could see it from space, but Cas is quite fond of it. He makes a half-hearted attempt to tame his wild dark hair before calling it good and heading out the door. It's not like anyone's looking at his hair when they come in for pictures anyway.
Dean hesitates for a moment, but he knows Charlie is good people, and honestly he's been dying to talk about this with someone outside of Sam. His brother had laughed his ass off when he found out the nurse Dean made a fool of himself in front of was now his boyfriend. Dean had made sure to comment on the way Sam's been tripping over himself to get that colleague of his, Eileen's, attention.
"What am I…why do you think I'm here? What possible reason do you think I could have for showing up here a
"Alright, now don't make a face, but we're having black bean burgers with all the fixin's, oven fries, and a nice green salad with a raspberry vinaigrette I made myself." Her proud face kept Dean from blurting out the first thing that came to mind, which was basically just...ew, why?
It's obviously a sore subject for Cas, so Dean decides to shift the conversation before it gets any worse.
"No problem, Cas. I just want you to be happy, man. You deserve it." Sam's voice was warm with affection, and it brought the first real smile to Castiel's face all day.
Dean had no idea there were pictures in John's boxes. When he'd gotten the call that John had died in a hospice bed somewhere on the other side of the country, his liver finally having given out on him, Dean hadn't shed a tear. It had been years since Dean had had a kind thought for his wayward father, and when he got stuck dealing with all the shit John left behind, it had only pissed Dean off. The boxes were shoved into the garage without being opened, and John was shoved into the back of Dean's mind.
It was Cas that had started with the grinding. The sounds of Dean moaning as Cas pressed down against his rapidly filling cock sent heat straight to Cas' own swollen member. Suddenly, Cas was desperate to hear Dean falling apart under him. He wanted to see this beautiful man come undone knowing
The sight before him is beautiful. Cas sits on their couch, his hair is fluffy and disheveled, his stomach still slightly swollen, a look of utter happiness on his face.
"Oh yeah?" Dean's voice brightens. "I can work with that. Let's get you squared away on this set up, and then maybe we can work on the getting-to-know-each-other part?"
The whole scene stops Cas in his tracks. It's like he's looking at a glimpse of their future: Dean here in their home, helping with the kids, waking up every day knowing that he'd be there, like they were a real family. Cas feels tears prick his eyes, and he steps back through the doorway into the dining room to take a moment to compose himself. He takes a few deep breaths and wipes his eyes. Once he feels like he's not going to make a fool of himself, he walks back into the kitchen with a smile he feels down to his soul.
He's brought back from his nostalgic thoughts by strong arms circling his waist from behind, one hand on Dean's hip and the other coming to rest on Levi's back. Closing his eyes, Dean leans back into Castiel's chest. There have been a lot of ups and downs over the years, but one thing that has always remained steady and sure was the unwavering love and support from Cas. Putting a ring on it has been the best decision of Dean's life.
Just hearing about Castiel's routine for reentering his house had Gabe calling him neurotic, but Cas prefers to think of it as proactive.
not even other kids. Even if Mrs. Milton didn't have it out for Dean, she was a mandatory reporter. They'd have CPS down their throats by tomorrow, for sure.
He finally spots him reclining on the couch with Jack snuggled into his side. Deans reading what sounds like a Dr. Suess book and Jack is giggling madly.
"Come here." Dean holds his arms out and Cas drops into them. He snuggles into Dean while his husband trails his fingers up and down his back.
If you're interested in any of the wildlife mention in todays chapter here are some youtube videos you can check out!
A few minutes later they're taking their lap around the track, and Castiel is back in line now, a complete set of little bees with their hive. Dean almost wishes they did some kind of costume contest. He wonders if Cas will let him take a picture if he tells him it’s to commemorate his first year of teaching.
"Alright sweetheart, just leave your clothes on the floor and after you shut the curtain, I'll come pick them up and wash them with the sheets. Okay, are you good? Do you need anything else?"
With the next six hours of alone time ahead of him, Dean sets off to the welfare office. It takes him two hours, but he walks out with a foodstamp card with sixty dollars on it and a handful of brochures talking about safe sex practices, how to get free birth control, and the precious gift you could give a Beta couple by putting your unwanted pups up for adoption. Dean wonders if every Omega gets these or if he gave off a particular vibe that screamed "potentially experiencing an unwanted pregnancy." He dumps the brochures in the trash on his way out the door.
Once Cas is decent again, Dean feels like his brain takes a minute to come back online. Something about seeing the other man wearing his clothes brings out a primal sort of caveman pride in him. Dean does his best to shake it off as he throws the dirty shirt in the wash with Dog so they can get back to cooking. Cas adds vegetable broth and flour to the cooked veggies to make the gravy before sprinkling way more seasonings than Dean's ever used over the top. Dean and Emma finish whipping the potatoes, and then Cas stirs in the lentils and peas to the veggie mix before pouring it all into a casserole dish. The potatoes go on top, and the whole thing goes into the oven. Dean presses the oven light on so Emma can watch it cook through the window while Cas helps him clean up.
He doesn't have time to go home and change if he wants to keep the light, so Cas simply removes his tie, pops a couple of his top buttons, and rolls up his sleeves. It will do for now. Parking away from the playground, Cas is happy to see the crowd has mostly thinned out with it being close to dinner time. He pops the trunk and pulls out the coffee can of cracked corn and wheat he buys at the feed store just for this purpose and slings his camera bag across his shoulder.
That seems to spark something in his Omega, because once again he's facing him with a look of anger. Dean doesn't mind though, because it's better than watching him walk away.
Emma comes back with Levi in her arms carefully holding a bottle to his mouth, his big blue eyes half slits as he sucks down his formula. Cas follows close behind, one hand hovering under Levi's head as they walk. He looks up and catches Dean watching, a soft smile spreading across his face.
Sam’s expression was getting darker and more guilt-ridden by the minute. “Not these wolves, buddy. You stay put. We’ll be back as soon as we can, okay?”
Sam choked on his coffee. Dean was speechless. He knew his mouth was open, jaw hanging there uselessly, but he didn’t care.
Dean’s eyes went far away. “Yeah.” He shook his head and reached into the fridge, getting a beer for each of them. He cracked them open and handed one to Sam, then to Bobby. Bobby put a hand on his shoulder. For a guy who was so very drunk, Bobby’s eyes were oddly clear. “You did all you could.” He focused that gaze on each Winchester in turn. “Not your fault.”
“Drop it, Sammy,” Dean said in a tight voice. He couldn’t make eye contact with Sam, even though he felt those hazel eyes boring into him. Sammy was constantly questioning what was real. How would he react if he realized his big brother was barely hanging on?
Dean nodded, shifting around and rearranging pillows. Cas turned back to the stars, and Dean felt a strange rush of annoyance. “Cas.”
Sam and Dean took theirs. “To Charlie.” There was a deceptively pleasant clink of the shot glasses before the trio downed their whiskey.
“Not so fast,” Frank interrupted. Dean started a little--he’d forgotten Frank was there. “You two still need new headshots and credit cards, right? I’d say you need to toss the golden child’s laptop, but she’s made it nearly untraceable.” Frank shook his head in admiration before looking up at Sam. “Yours, on the other hand…”
Dean nodded, trying to let all of that sink in. “Hang on. That stupid little voice in my head that’s sounded like you all day. Was that
“I know, Dean,” Cas said, that too-easy smile still on his face. “I trust you. And I trust Elle. We’ll be fine.”
Dean couldn’t explain it. He couldn’t tell Bobby how his nerves were making him feel like he was facing a pack of werewolves. Or how he felt like a runner at the starting line, waiting for the gun to go off and the race to begin. So he just shrugged instead. “No real reason. Just want to get this over with.”
Dean tilted his head down so Sam wouldn’t see the look on his face. If it matched how he felt, he looked fucking devastated. “Cas, I’m sorry, buddy. We’re on a case.”
And there was the crack in Dean’s voice. There was the sign that the older Winchester had had enough--enough loss, pain, grief. They’d both had enough. Dean looked back at Sam, who was startled by just how much pain was in his big brother’s green eyes. “If Cas is really back, why the hell hasn’t he found us? Why the hell hasn’t he reached out?”
“Forgiveness,” Cas said, stepping close. His eyes were searching Dean’s, begging for answers. “You don’t forgive easily. You forgive Sam, with time. And you’d forgive Bobby and your father and Charlie, but--”
Sam looked nervous but nodded. The coffee mugs were empty, the breakfast dishes done. Cas gently put his hands on Sam’s head. Dean heard the soft, familiar chime and watched Cas’ hands start to glow.
“Apparently, it’s mostly European and indigenous American folklore,” Sam explained. “And her journals. She has the Bible, but other than that, her Christianity texts are lacking.” When Dean kept staring at him, wiggling his eyebrows, Sam said, “We all have work to do. Dean, get your head out of the friggin’ gutter already.”
“It was Sam’s idea,” Dean explained. He grabbed his bag and started walking up the stairs. “I’ll fill Charlie in.”
Dean walked into the kitchen, completely bewildered. Sure enough, a smiling Charlie and Sam were cooking. Well, Sam was cooking. Charlie was setting the table.
Instead, he said, “And you promised you’d fix Sam. So get your ass over here and fix the mess you made.” He stormed over to the candle and almost blew it out. It flickered. He exhaled softly, and it flickered again.
“No reason for you to go back into the world without backup,” Sam said. “And if it is Cas, you know somebody will be after him. Angels, demons, Leviathans, maybe all of ‘em.” He stared stubbornly at Dean. “I’m going.”
“Shit,” Charlie said. “New project for me, then! I’ll have new IDs for you boys in...maybe an hour? New cards, too. Should be untraceable.”
“I looked it up,” Cas said. “There are several different methods, but I found the instructions for this one. The beans might not be ground correctly.”
“Did you know that cats’ penises are barbed?” Cas looked at each hunter, polite curiosity written on his face. “I personally know that the females were not consulted on this matter.”
They pulled up in front of a beautiful Tudor-style home. Dean stepped out of the car and reached in the back seat for the angel blade.
Cas shot him the most pitiful puppy dog face he’d ever seen--and that included when toddler Sam had begged for mac & cheese with marshmallows for the third night in a row. “I’m sorry, Dean.”
For the first time in his life, fear took over Dean. He couldn’t move. He couldn’t speak. Before Cas went crazy, they were not in a good place. If Cas was back to normal, what did that mean for them?
Cas was in a robe. And boxers. And a crumpled white T-shirt. His hair was wild. He’d clearly slept on it funny.
In a way, accepting his sexuality was freeing. Absolutely goddamn terrifying, but freeing. Dean knew in his bones that it had always been true. It felt like a part of himself was just opening up. But holy fucking hell did it scare the shit out of him. How would Sam react? How would Bobby react? How would
Dean barely registered anything as they walked and waited in line. He was lost in thought, lost in the way his heart refused to stop pounding in his chest. He tried to tell himself it was just adrenaline--the same kind of adrenaline rush he’d get before a case. If the healer dude wasn’t Cas, they’d probably have to kill him. That’s all the jittery nerves were. Just his body reacting the way it always did before a fight.
Dean woke up to the smell of coffee. It drew him out of bed and down the stairs like a magnet, but he was surprised by the person standing by the pot.
Bobby shrugged. “Crazier things have happened. Speaking of crazy…” He turned to Dean. “Any updates on Cas?”
But Cas closed the space between them, wrapped one hand around the back of Dean’s neck, and kissed Dean softly, achingly so. The angel gently carded his fingers through the hair at the bottom of Dean’s neck. Something happened in Dean’s chest, some sort of thud or tiny earthquake, and it echoed out. Dean gasped a little in surprise. Cas pulled away, blue eyes bright with worry. “Was that--”
Bobby had been right. Going on a normal--or, at least, mostly normal--case was helpful. It felt good, familiar, productive. Dean knew how to do this. He knew how to handle cursed objects. He knew how to fake being an FBI agent, how to talk to people about the way their lives had gone sideways or been flipped upside down. This was worlds easier than dealing with the Leviathans, and it almost distracted him from thinking about Cas.
Dean closed his mouth and glared at Cas. The angel’s eyes softened. “I’m not like you, Dean. I can’t sleep with someone one night and then go back to business as usual the next morning.” Cas dropped his eyes. “I’m not even used to kissing. The physical sensations are...a lot. And they’re all new.”
“And that’s...good?” Charlie asked. She threw the axe and missed the target. Dean bit back a laugh. She winked at him.
He’d thought that was something all guys did. But looking back, Sammy had never said or done anything like that. Shit. Had he been attracted to those actors all along? It didn’t feel like attraction to women. But it didn’t feel like the handful of friendships he’d had, either.
“We gotta do some hacking,” Sam said that afternoon. It was their second day in Oregon, and Sam had talked Dean into working at a cafe.
Dean flushed furiously. “Still have to brush my teeth.” He looked down at his clothes. “And get changed.”
“Got it,” Sam said, not even looking up. Dean gave Bobby a mock salute. Bobby shook his head and mumbled “Idjits” before walking out the door.
Of course, there was more to his thoughts of Cas than Charlie. But thinking too hard was risky. That particular train of thought led to nowhere but an endless pit of despair. Dean knew it well. All thoughts of lost ones led to that same damn pit--his mom, his dad, the fucking baby in a trench coat with shitty people skills and the kind of loyalty Dean had rarely seen.
Sam stopped him and put his hands on his shoulders. “Take a breath, dude. I can hear how fast you’re breathing.”
“Biggerson’s,” Sam said. His eyes were bright and excited. This was a lead--a good, real, concrete lead. He wouldn’t look so damn happy otherwise.
“Okay, then,” Dean said. He took a deep breath in. “Cas couldn’t fix the wall. He couldn’t get rid of the crazy. So he took it instead.” He used the rush of turbulent emotions that came up to throw the axe. It hit the target left of center, but the tightness in his chest let up, just a little bit. “Damn,” he said.
Dean frowned, looking at Sam before turning back to Cas. “No, Cas,” Sam said gently. “Why should you go?”
Cas’ eyes studied his face, his eyes. That damn pull, that tension, was still there. Dean wondered what would happen if he just leaned forward, just let their own personal gravity field pull him in--
Dean huffed a laugh and tried to disentangle himself from Cas’ arms. “Shut up,” he grumbled, but there was no heat to it. Cas grinned in response, his eyes sparkling, and kissed him. This one felt different. Slower. More tender. Less surprise and fireworks, more intention and simmering coals. By the time they broke apart, Dean was completely breathless and more than a little starstruck. He was in love. He was completely, totally, over-the-moon in love with a fallen angel. A fallen angel who, for some unfathomable reason, loved him back. Or at least cared enough about him to kiss him absolutely stupid. Dean hoped Cas loved him back. What else could it be?
“Yes, it does,” said Cas fiercely. The fire in his tone was both new and familiar, and Dean looked back up. Cas stepped back into his space. “You matter, Dean. You matter to Sam, and Bobby, and Charlie, and everyone else who has been lucky enough to know you. You matter to me.”
Dean sighed one more time, put down his water, and closed his eyes. Just before he fell asleep, he realized how free he felt. Acknowledging his sexuality felt like opening a floodgate, yeah. But opening that floodgate was more freeing than he could put into words.
Dean burst out laughing--doubled-over, stitches in his sides laughing. This was priceless. Sam Winchester, who had spent over a year in hell with the actual devil, who’d been fighting monsters since he was a kid, was afraid of a
Dean clenched his jaw but couldn’t look away. The anger in his chest started to fade, revealing something just as sharp but bittersweet, too. He’d
“I’m just...trying to figure out how your memory came back. If it was...you know…” Jesus. Dean was horrible at this. He wanted another drink but didn’t trust himself to be truly drunk around Cas.
“I talked Gabriel into it. Made it clear that nudity was not part of the deal--and neither was a gender swap.”
“No,” Dean said, backing away from where Cas had disappeared. “No. Nuh uh. This…” He shook his head and stormed outside.
She turned around and smiled softly. “It’s okay.” She turned around and kept walking. Dean noticed a faint blush on his brother’s cheeks and barely managed not to laugh. Sam wasn’t dumbstruck--he was starstruck.
Frank was, for the first time since they’d met him, speechless. His jaw had dropped like a cartoon character, and it stayed down as he gestured for Charlie to type in her passwords.
“Yeah, Cas. Of course.” He felt fidgety. Awkward. What the hell would help? Why the hell did Charlie open up this friggin’ can of worms? But underneath the awkwardness was something brighter. Happier. Hopeful.
Some small, quiet part of Dean remembered everything else that Emmanuel would probably consider wrong with him. But he couldn’t know. It would be too much. And Dean wasn’t ready to let all of it go.
“You’re intelligent. I’m sure you’re thinking of the same reasons I am.” His concerns about human-angel relationships were only half of the problem. To Cas’ knowledge, Dean only loved women. And Dean
. I can’t even drive my friggin’ car, man!” He exhaled heavily. “And I can’t even yell at you in person. I can’t even fucking tell you how fucking pissed off I am, or how much…” His voice broke. Tears threatened. “Charlie
The tension that had been living in Cas’ chest since he broke Sam’s wall finally lifted. He nodded. “Good.” They sat in silence for another moment, but Cas could tell Charlie was getting antsy. She had more to say. “I’m sorry I couldn’t save you,” he told her.
Sam glared at his brother before saying, “We’ve got Cas. Crowley hates the Leviathans, so I’m sure he’ll be on board. Eventually.”
, Dean realized. Charlie usually had some form of sparkle in her eye, some sign of laughter or mischief in her voice. Not this time. “Your life is dangerous enough without you killing yourself.”
He flipped through the pages. Sam was clearly the best man. There was a photo of everyone else laughing, and Dean just looking at Cas, a smile on his face and love in his eyes. Their first dance was documented a few pages later. The way Cas was looking at him...like Dean was his whole world, like nothing else mattered.
“Practiced it in my head a little,” Sam admitted. He frowned down at Dean. “You okay, man? You’re kind of pale.”
Cas sighed. Another frustratingly human reaction. “Angels are meant to be...robotic, in a way. We have jobs. We get our jobs done. That’s all. Feelings, individual opinions...those are human. Those are distractions.”
“And I’ve got an angel to find,” Charlie said. She gave them a mock salute. “Later, bitches.” And she was gone.
Dean was physically tired and hurt and emotionally worn out enough that his internal defenses stayed down, and he felt something click inside of him. Yep. He liked men
“I say we all get some shut-eye and deal with the rest of the world tomorrow,” Bobby said as they walked inside. “The Leviathans have been pretty quiet since you boys busted them in Oregon.”
“Figured fixing your head would be the first order of business,” Bobby said. He looked at Cas. “If you’re all rested up?”
Sam shot Dean his classic bitch face. Bobby hung up as Dean started eating. “Garth needs a hand, so I’m gonna head out in a bit.”
Dean laughed--giggled, really. “I need coffee. And to brush my teeth. Come on.” He took Cas’ hand, stood, walked to the door, and came face to face with Sam.
“I think I’ve talked more about feelings since you’ve come back than I have my entire fucking life and it’s your damn turn,” Dean grumbled.
Everyone except for Dean and Cas looked shocked. Dean just stared at her. “No. I don’t buy it. No such thing as a free lunch.”
Bobby exhaled in a heavy rush. “Ok. Ok, then. Charlie’s a ghost, and Cas is alive.” He started rummaging around in a box. “I’ve got one of those Ouiji board things somewhere around here.”
“I’m not saying it was,” Charlie said. There was just a hint of exasperation in her voice. “No one is saying it was. Forgiveness and saying something is okay are not the same thing.”
Bobby and Sam gaped at her. She’d appeared in the middle of the living room, lounging on the couch. She stood and smiled. “What’s up, bitches?”
Dean shrugged. “Getting by.” Sam’s eyes narrowed, but he pretended to buy it. Dean was sure he’d get a lecture later, but they didn’t have time for that. Not yet.
Bobby threw up his hands in surrender. “Fine, then.” His eyes became laser-focused on the house. “Wonder what she is.”
Bobby insisted on driving them back. “You boys have been running on empty for days,” he reminded Dean. “Rest.”
Dean sat at the table, and Cas followed suit. “Well, I’m guessing you know Dick Roman is the boss guy, right?” Cas nodded. “The hospital in Sioux Falls has at least two. Or they did, last time we were there.” Dean rattled off the rest of the Leviathan info that he thought Cas should know. Maybe it was the whiskey. Maybe it was the routine of catching Cas up on a case. But the tension and awkwardness were fading. This was normal. It was a strange version of normal since Bobby and Sam weren’t around, without a doubt. But Cas watching Dean as he spoke, taking in every word? Dean making sure they were on the same page? Talking about monsters? That was normal. Easy.
Charlie scrunched her nose. “That was a little more complicated. But yeah. Kind of. Dean especially needed more time to forgive you. And he got it.”
he was sleep-deprived. He read over the real estate files Sam had found before calling Bobby. “Anything new?”
Sam’s eyes flew open, wild and confused. “Hey, hey, take it easy,” Dean told him. “Here.” He held out the bar and water bottle with a cheesy fake grin. “Breakfast. Bobby’s working on coffee.”
Dean frowned and opened his mouth to fight back, but before he could say anything, Sam nodded towards the house. Dean spun around and saw the angel—his angel. “Cas?” he asked. God, he hated how hesitant his voice was, but he couldn’t help it. A tiny part of him wondered if this was real.
“I’m going to kill them,” Dean said in a cold, tight voice that wasn’t quite his own. “I’m gonna kill every last one of them.”
Dean rolled his eyes. “Shut up.” They walked through a particularly thick patch of trees and saw a frazzled Charlie, grumpy Bobby, and happy drunk Cas.
“Is this part of your homework as a Cupid?” Dean asked, walking towards the entrance of the range. “Trying to get me to break my bad habits?”
Cas dropped his eyes. “I was a bit...overzealous as God. Humans and angels suffered similar fates.” His voice ached with remorse.
Someone walked past them with a dreamy smile on her face. “Excuse me, ma’am?” Dean asked. She was a little startled, but the dreamy smile stayed. “Can you tell me anything about Emmanuel?”
Sam was the one who eventually made sense of the killing spree pattern. “It’s where our cases have been, Dean. Every case since you picked me up at Stanford.”
“I think he’s got his brand of crazy under control and locked up, but I think the dam could break anytime.” A wave of barely concealed panic threatened to take Dean under, so he drank.
“Bobby filled me in,” Sam said, ignoring Lucifer’s huge grin behind them. “Who are you really helping by staying mad?”
Dean snorted. “That might actually mean something if either of us had been in the freaking Boy Scouts.”
“How long can somebody actually spend at a damn axe-throwing range?” Bobby demanded when Dean finally walked in the door.
Dean’s heart melted. God, he was a goner. This was mortifying. He leaned back in his seat and closed his eyes before he could say or do anything else that would make Sam tease him later. Anything that anyone could think of as sappy.
angel. Maybe it was a side effect from going through so damn much so fast. Maybe it was from the stupid heaven dream or the damn heart-to-hearts with Charlie. Maybe it was because Sam and Bobby weren't around and the only one who would ever know about this moment was Cas. Whatever the reason, Dean let Cas hold him. And he held his angel back.
Relief rushed through Dean, but a horrible chill came with it. Sam was okay. His baby brother was okay. But Cas?
“And Cas didn’t just break Sam,” Dean reminded her. He threw the axe. “He lied to us. For months.” The old anger flared again.
“She doesn’t look like a fairy,” Dean grumbled. His stress level was rising higher and higher, like water boiling in a pot and about to start spilling over the sides.
“I don’t. I just want to know if I’m broken.” Cas stared through the trees. “I changed after I brought Dean back from hell.” He pointedly ignored Charlie, but he saw her lean forward from the corner of his eye.
“So am I,” Cas said. Dean noticed a worry line between his eyebrows again. What was going through Cas’ head?
. Dean shamelessly checked him out, noticing Cas’ blush. “Kinda weird seeing you without all those damn layers.”
Dean tried to pull off his usual playful grin, but it felt wrong. “Don’t think she’d get anything else. We’ll look into it tomorrow.”
Bobby stared at the table, eyes lost in thought. “He’s a smart pick. Rich. Powerful. He’s got plenty of connections.”
She started walking, leading the way deeper into the woods. “I’ve been around awhile. I figured out how to tune into the more powerful magical and holy forces in this world a long time ago. I felt every seal break.” She shrugged. “I managed to keep a few closed, but the odds were against us. I knew when the last one broke, when Lucifer was released.”
Dean scoffed. “Yeah, me neither. Guess that’s what happens when friggin’ Lucifer crashes your head--at least, for Cas.”
But, of course, it had barely reacted when he and Sam stopped the damn apocalypse. He shouldn’t be surprised.
“Permanent Cupid status,” Charlie said, almost glowing with pride. As she should be, Dean thought. With all the glitter and rainbows that should go with it. Dean squeezed Cas’ hand and felt his angel squeeze back.
“I must be out of my mind,” he muttered as he pulled out his lighter. He stared at the candle, deliberating. “But what the hell.” He lit it and sat back on his bed, watching the flames.
“Anybody wanna tell me what the hell that was?” Frank asked several long seconds later. Or maybe it was minutes. Dean had lost time due to shock.
Sam laughed again. “I’ll have to buy her a beer or something.” He made a face. “Do Cupids drink beer?”
Dean’s eyebrows scrunched together. “Dick Roman? The sons of bitches could’ve gone with almost any leader, and they picked a guy named
“She was speaking some weird language. I don’t know it.” Sam frowned lightly. “But it kind of sounded like whatever that leprechaun was saying a few years ago.”
Dean’s heart picked up a frantic pace. He’d hoped. He’d wondered. If Charlie had talked to both of them...did that mean what he wanted it to mean? They were so close. They were flirting with the words that Dean was terrified to say but wanted desperately to hear.
But that out meant hiding. It meant keeping himself in the closet, keeping what he had with Cas tucked away. And every fiber of his being rebelled against that idea. “No.”
They’d been at the midway point long enough for Dean to start pacing. Sam gave him a flat look. “It’s only been half an hour, Dean.”
“You sure about this?” Sam asked his brother. His brow was furrowed. It was gonna get stuck that way some day, Dean thought idly.
“Sam?” Dean asked quietly, not even realizing he was asking for support. His knees felt weak. Why did his knees feel weak? Why the hell wouldn’t his heart stop pounding?
Sam nodded. They crept through the woods in silence for several minutes. Something in the back of Dean’s mind made him think of horror movies. People could get killed here and no one would know.
?” A dry, humorless chuckle escaped from his chest. “You shouldn’t be alive. I saw you. I saw you walk into that damn reservoir. I saw the way the black snot they have for blood was oozing out of you. You fucking exploded, man.” Dean’s voice cracked, and he drank some beer to soothe his throat. Not that it worked, but he could pretend. Dean Winchester was good at pretending a lot of things. Pretending losing Cas and Charlie didn’t feel like his legs were cut out from under him. Pretending he wasn’t so deeply affected by either of them coming back.
Charlie threw her axe with unusual force. It hit dead center. She and Dean nodded approvingly. “Nice shot,” Dean told her.
“He’s fine. He’s back to normal. Which means,” she added, putting one hand on Dean’s arm, “he’s a lot less expressive than usual. And he’s weak. So, you know. Don’t tackle him or anything.”
“I wouldn’t call this raising hell,” Charlie said, clearly delighting in how friggin’ awkward everyone else felt. Bobby grumbled unintelligibly.
Sam met his eyes. The puppy dog look had faded. He nodded slowly, reading something that must have looked like sincerity in Dean’s eyes. “Yeah. Okay.”
“I mean, they’re tiny. They’re obnoxious. The stinging thing hurts.” Dean finished his beer. He squinted at it before standing quickly and wobbling a little. “We got anything stronger?”
Sam went to bed almost immediately after dinner. Not wanting to get caught up in another feelings chat with Bobby, Dean did the same.
“It’s a cleaning solution sort of thing. I mean, you still have to chop off their heads, but Borax burns ‘em pretty good.”
“Why don’t you take a seat?” Sam said, gently leading Frank to a chair. Dean let the talk Sam was undoubtedly giving Frank turn into background noise. Sammy knew what he was doing. They’d given “the talk” to plenty of people, and Sammy was better with feelings, anyway. So Dean focused on the laptop. He ignored how his hands were shaking and started scrolling.
Dean kissed Cas’ hand. “We live together. They’ll figure it out. And I don’t want to hide you.” Dean laughed at himself. “I’m scared shitless, but that don’t mean I want to hide this.”
Dean held out his glass in a toast. “Here’s to that.” They finished their whiskey in one go. Bobby set his glass down with a satisfied exhale. “I’m gonna see what else I can find on these sons of bitches. You get some sleep.”
Dean held up his hands. “What the hell was the point of getting these if we’re gonna be stuck here anyway?”
No. That part of him died when Cas went crazy, if it had ever been real in the first place. He closed his eyes, trying desperately to ignore the hints that Charlie had been dropping since they went to the axe-throwing range. Just before drifting off into sleep, he remembered.
Bobby ran a hand down his face. “Yeah. I did. Not anymore, though. Passed off the head and the body to Jody. She’ll deal with them.” He poured another shot for each of them. After another toast, they all knocked them back. Bobby explained what he’d found on Leviathans, which was basically jack squat. Sam told him about the files on Charlie’s laptop they hadn’t had a chance to look through yet.
“Only if the survivors can still think independently when they leave their hospitals,” Bobby said. “Looks like they’re working on something that’ll shut our brains down. Make us mindless, highly suggestible. Humans will be lambs going to the slaughter.”
Strong arms wrapped around him instantly, squeezing him so tight it was almost hard to breathe. “Dude, I’m fucking thrilled,” Sam said.
Dean wanted to close the distance between them, but he couldn’t bring himself to. Feelings were still swirling in him like a storm, and he had no clue how to handle them. There was an unusually bright and happy one surfacing. What was it?
The last thought brought Dean back to full consciousness. Cas was back. Really, truly, fully back. Not around-but-crazy, not around-but-lying-the-whole-damn-time. Cas, the angel he’d known for years, was back.
Cold tendrils of dread wrapped themselves around Dean’s heart. Bobby had a good point. Dean was hurting--was barely hanging on, to be honest. And his piñata was still in one piece. He glanced upstairs. “If he’s not up in an hour, I’ll get him.”
Hurt flashed across Sam’s face, quick and sharp and clear. “Yeah. Okay.” He picked up Dean’s pace, walking with his big brother.
A terrible, heavy weight started to lift in his chest. This was going to work. Sam was going to be--
An engine kicked into gear. Sam ran for the door, but by the time he reached it, Dean was already tearing out of the driveway.
“Gotta be more specific than that, kid,” Bobby said. “There’s been a lot of ‘I can’t quite believe it’ shit going down lately.”
Sam’s voice ended the moment, but the tension didn’t quite break. “Coming,” Dean said. The hope of a kiss still lingered on his lips. Damn it all, he could feel it. He stepped away from Cas and started walking towards the cabin. “What’d you find?” As he walked, Dean couldn’t help glancing at Cas. He felt like a friggin’ 14-year-old girl, but his curiosity was eating away at him. Had Cas felt it, too? The moment?
Dean and Sam nodded. It was an old hunter’s tradition: if a traditional hunter’s funeral wasn’t possible, light a candle instead. The tradition was achingly familiar. John had lit one every year on the anniversary of their mother’s death.
The woman sighed. “Fine then.” She started speaking in a language Dean didn’t recognize. He heard a soft boom and a splat as the werewolf exploded. Sam looked at him wide-eyed. Whoever this woman was, they didn’t want to mess with her.
Sam nodded, took the laptop and his duffel bag, and went upstairs. He dumped his shit unceremoniously on the bed and ran a hand over his face. Finally, in the quiet of the room, he gave into the question he’d been too afraid to voice. “Cas, where are you? Are you even here? We need you, man.” There was no answer, of course. But he’d needed to ask.
Dean propped himself up on his elbow and kissed Cas quickly and gently. “It was awesome. It is awesome.
Anger flared in Cas’ eyes. “I’m here now, Dean. I’ve apologized. I want to help. And in case you forgot, I’ve been helping you clean up your messes for years.”
Dean watched Elle look up at Sam, who had been lingering at the back of the group. Knowing his brother wanted to shoot his shot, Dean said, “Let’s go, team.” He walked a little more quickly towards the door and shot Charlie a look when she lagged behind. When everyone except for Sam was outside, Charlie said, “What was that for?”
Dean slammed on the brakes as his heart started working overtime. He nearly jumped out of the driver’s seat. “Cas, what the
Dean couldn’t meet those eyes, couldn’t look at Cas’ puppy dog expression, couldn’t react to the pain in the angel’s voice. He wasn’t ready to forgive Cas, but he sure as hell wasn’t ready to let him go, either. He noticed, for the first time, how grounding it was to have Cas around. Yeah, he was pissed at the guy. But he’d left a hole, a sense of unease in Dean’s chest. Having him back felt good.
Emmanuel smiled sympathetically. “ May I?” He held his hand over Dean’s leg, waiting for permission.
“Nicknames are so odd,” Cas continued. The soft smile faded, and a dreamy expression took its place. No, not dreamy. Lost.
A dull red glow came through the windows of the cabin. Dean didn’t realize he was starting to run towards it until he felt Sam holding him back. “We have to stay here,” he reminded him. But Dean could see the apology in his eyes.
“We gave her two hours, Sammy. She should be here by now.” Dean pulled out his phone and called her.
Dean didn’t want to be right. He didn’t want to see Charlie’s dead body lying on the couch, covered in blood. He didn’t want to read the note on the table. He would have much rather checked on the young woman who was practically his sister, but Sam beat him to it.
Dean stared at him blearily. “Thought we had the Leviathans to deal with?” He poured himself a cup of coffee.
“Hello, beautiful,” Dean said, taking the pie. He looked at Bobby, whose smile had reached his eyes. “Thanks, Bobby.”
Bobby got three shot glasses and whiskey. He poured them, explaining, “We’ll look into these sons of bitches more tomorrow. For now…” He held up the shots. “To Charlie.”
“I don’t know.” Sam shrugged. “You seem different. Lighter. Did you finally get your head out of your ass and forgive Cas?”
Dean Winchester? Feeling hopeful? Dean shook his head to clear it. Liquid courage. That’s what he needed. He took a glass from the cabinet. “Well, Edgar’s the guy who attacked me and Sam at Bobby’s. Pretty sure he lit the damn place on fire.”
Charlie’s eyes were deeply apologetic. “Because none of them liked how you handled things, either.” When Cas didn’t say anything, she added, “I think most of the angels that are left believed in you--probably still do, or at least will with time.” She put a hand on his knee. It was such a human gesture of comfort that it almost made Cas jump. But as her hand stayed, he felt the churning sensation in his stomach ease. He needed that comfort, that connection. “But they need time to heal. Maybe they wouldn’t kill you on sight. I don’t know. But I think the best thing you can give them now is space and time.”
--they had a case to focus on. Something normal. Something to distract him from his revelations of the past few hours.
He was in love with Dean. Which was complicated. And problematic. Could angels even fall in love with humans? To his knowledge, that had never ended well.
Cas’ eyes flew open. He searched Charlie’s face for an answer. The only thought he could read there was
One night, two dead Leviathans, and a locked safe of cursed objects later, they walked into their motel room. “I call showering first,” Sam said.
“24 hours,” Sam said. “University library.” He shrugged. “I’ll get a motel room somewhere. Come back in the morning.”
Dean frowned and hit the speakerphone button. “Pureblood werewolves can turn anytime, right? Not just the full moon?”
“Sorry about that. Didn’t mean to surprise you. Been trying to materialize all day. Guess something didn’t work quite right.” She directed her last sentence to the ceiling.
“Jerk,” Sam threw back lightly. Dean took off his jacket and tie and waited until Sam was in the bathroom to open his flask and take a nice, long swig.
Dean’s hand slipped as he tried to open the whiskey. “Uh, yeah. He broke my leg and busted Sam’s head.” He managed to open the bottle and pour himself a double.
“You’re welcome,” Cas said. The words came out awkward, which somehow made them even more endearing.
But dammit all to hell, he loved the stupid son of a bitch next to him too damn much. “Sammy, it’s…” He ran a hand down his face. “Dammit. I’m no good at this shit.”
“See you soon,” Sam said before hanging up. He exhaled heavily. “That could’ve been worse,” he mumbled before drinking more coffee.
By the time Sam came downstairs, Dean and Bobby were tag teaming a breakfast of eggs and bacon. “What happened to Jody?” Dean asked.
Nerves tightened in Dean’s stomach. “Any chance you’re bugging me just to say hi? Tell me you’re okay?”
Cas walked towards him. Dean was starting to spiral. He could see it on the hunter’s face, could feel the anxiety radiating off of him. Those gorgeous green eyes eventually settled on Cas’, and the angel felt like someone had punched him in the gut. He put both hands on Dean’s shoulders. “We will figure it out. Breathe, Dean.”
He shifted, bringing the arm that had been thrown across Cas back to his side. “Good morning,” he grumbled, his voice thick with sleep.
“Don’t bother,” Bobby said. “It’d be a waste of time. I know a guy who might be a match for it. If nothing else, he can give you boys new IDs. The whole damn country might think you’re dead, but that’s no reason to be stupid.”
“Apparently he’s not good at staying in one place,” Bobby explained. “He’s constantly flying. And Charlie thinks he realized they were tracking him.”
Dean almost yelled at her but decided to throw an axe instead. Oddly enough, he instantly felt calmer. “Yeah. Maybe.”
“When you heal people,” he said, trying to come up with something to change the subject, “how does it work?”
Dean shook his head. The fear and fury in his stomach had boiled over into his throat, making it impossible to speak without snapping at his brother. And Sam hadn’t done anything to deserve that.
Were they both remembering the empty trench coat floating in a black reservoir, the broken apology that came too late? Dean didn’t know. He tried to push the thought away. Losing Charlie was bad enough. He couldn’t think about both of them. Not tonight.
A car honked at him. “Yeah, screw you, too,” he said tightly, focusing back on the road. Focusing back on the present and not the hurricane of emotions brewing inside of him.
“Cas? Anybody home?” Dean’s green eyes were searching his, giving him a distinct “what the fuck” look.
“We should, uh, get back inside,” Dean said, not knowing what to do with his hands now that they were empty. He pulled the canvas back over Baby.
Dean’s chest felt lighter than it had in days. They could save Cas. “Okay,” he said. “Tell me more about this local legend.” He made a happy sound when he saw bacon on the stove. “And, uh, thanks to whoever made this.”
“Smug fits me perfectly,” Charlie said. Dean threw the axe. It was closer to the center of the target. “And we’re not done. You’re gonna need to practice this--feeling and working through your feelings instead of drinking them down. It’s gonna take a lifetime of practice. And there will be times when it gets worse before it gets better.”
“Well, it overlaps with the Leviathans,” Bobby said. “Remember that town in Oregon? The one where they’re trying to buy up everything?”
Sam nodded. They pulled into the first motel they found and got a room without a problem. Dean grabbed a newspaper.
