John surveys the room. If Sherlock had been here at all, there’s no sign of him. Confused, John moves in to look further.
“What is he doing?” Sherlock asks him, pointing at the man’s right hand. While the Corporal stands ramrod still, his fingers twitch in small, unnatural movements.
“It’s nice to meet you.” John says, affected by her infectious smile and positive energy. She looks at Sherlock with friendly eyes, not at all worrying over his cool exterior.
John, however. John’s blood boils in his veins because if he didn’t know any better he would have sworn that Sherlock’s uncle just blamed him for his father’s condition.
Yes, in my headcanon Brave John Watson tried his luck with Sherlock again. Unfortunately, Sherlock wasn't ready yet again.
He wants a break, both for him and for Sherlock. James’ case wasn’t as challenging as other cases were; frankly, if not for the hospital visits Sherlock would have solved it in half the time he actually did.
Sherlock ignores the conversation, his mind racing with new information. David clearly stated in his first debrief that he had no idea when and how Palmer died, and he just told a very different story to the man’s sister. That was the same version he gave Sherlock and the Special Ops team that rescued him in Gaza.
He watches Sherlock stepping slowly towards the evidence wall, staring at it intently. “I had a thought, by the way,” John mumbles as he covers his eyes with the crook of his neck, half asleep already. “David, in the attic.”
"Don't thank me just yet, Dr. Watson. I'm still not sure what it is you want," Saul says, chewing nonchalantly on a piece of fish. “Wouldn’t hurt to tell me, though.”
“Being left behind can mean different things to different people. What would make you feel like you’ve been left behind by Sherlock?”
John shakes his head in frustration. He’s not even sure what to say when he catches Sherlock staring at a distant spot. When he turns to look he sees James Sholto heading their way.
“No, John, don’t you see?” Sherlock moans. “Khoury was the only one left from Gaza who knew anything about David’s time there. He was the key. The rest of them are conveniently dead.”
He’s suspicious of that asset’s timing, but he knows better than to disregard his brother’s instincts.
“You spoke to Mummy.” Sherlock says as they approach the blinding glare of a tall light tunnel, waking John from his reverie.
John nods off on the sofa that evening. He wakes come midnight, stretching comfortably and eyeing Sherlock suspiciously as he prepares to leave.
“I moved back from Bristol when this one was born. Single mother,” She says. “Never found the right man. Mum was scandalized at first but melted the minute she met her. Maya.” She says and turns around to show the sleeping baby.
“What’s going on here, removing all traces of Sherlock Holmes? Living in that dump?” he pushes. “Are you in trouble?”
“Ian. Ian Calpin,” John says, conjuring up the name Sherlock had assigned him. He’s not John Watson on this case, after all. He can’t be.
Gabriel clears his throat. “Alright. I’ll admit I may have crossed a professional line there.” He says and John scoffs at the brazen understatement. “Though to be fair, Alex wasn’t coming for couples counselling by that point.”
“I mean, I’ve seen some shit in my life,” she said, her voice strangely different. It sent a shiver down his spine. “But this? This is difficult.”
“Yesterday proved to be quite unproductive, I’m afraid,” Mycroft says haughtily. “Not that I don’t enjoy watching you sulking into the cushions.”
“Could I interest you in pocket squares? Ties?” Thomas asks as he stands back up and turns, brushing non-existent dust off of Sherlock’s broad shoulders.
James tilts his head and shoots him a challenging stare. “You can do better than that. Where’s your bravery, Watson?”
“So what, then?” John says, remembering a ring and an elevator and ‘chemical defects’. “What did you think would happen? That you could… be with him, and then just ignore him once you’re back in London—”
“Corporal Stewart!” She calls him, and there’s a slight accent he doesn’t fully catch. “Don’t you think you have an obligation to tell the world what truly happened in Afghanistan?”
“There’s not a right or wrong choice when we panic, John. This is pure animal instinct, and each person responds differently to various threats. You’re an excellent first responder, you always have been. You don’t freeze when you need to react with your body. It’s your emotions that bring about panic, not the outside world,” She’d crossed her legs. “Fight isn’t always better than flight. Sometimes, fight can get you killed or hurt. No one, yourself included, should ever judge you for the braveness, or lack thereof, of the choice your body makes when you’re in danger.”
Sherlock’s breath hitches before the sentence is even over. He clears his throat again, crossing his legs in hope of releasing the sudden tension in his muscles. “His mother—”
”), his hands around John’s shoulders. John worries that his soul has left his body when Sherlock rests a cheek on his head.
His mind demands that he closes his eyes. He’d seen a lifeless Sherlock dead on the floor too many times and he won’t survive seeing it again.
“Yes. Bit not good,” John laughs, anxious to get his hands on Sherlock. “You git. Why didn’t you tell us you were coming back?”
“Occasionally?” Sherlock turns his sharp eyes at him, affronted. “I’ve built a thriving career thanks to it.”
“Corporal Stewart,” the man begins, “it is my pleasure to welcome you home on behalf of the Prime Minister and a grateful country." John moves closer to the screen hesitantly, searching helplessly.
Special thanks imagesymboltext for a quick beta of the epilogue (I got cold feet about it and she helped me through it)!
smiling to the regulars. He lurked by her station earlier as he inquired for one book or another and spotted an invitation to a baby shower arranged by one of her colleagues (
“That he did the unthinkable, you know. Managed to grab Sherlock’s attention, get him to actually talk like humans do with each other,” Lestrade smiles. “I don’t think there was any more to it than that. Just some… flirting, I suppose, but it was definitely circulating for a day or two.”
he thinks. “Why was Jonathan upset that night?” he pushes. “His sister told you he called her that day, upset. What about?”
Sherlock scans the man from head to toe (started the day in the early hours at a crime scene—suicide by the Thames (seasonal depr
“Two phones. An iPhone Alison bought for you and a Nokia you bought at ASDA and only used once. Why?”
He watches Mycroft and Mrs. Holmes walk away and sits on the bench again, waiting patiently for Sherlock. He’s lost in thought, emotional, until he realizes some time has passed and Sherlock hasn't come out.
“Of course not,” Sherlock says, finally moving away towards the kitchen table. “Mr. Adams here was just fixing the sink.”
John closes the door behind him that morning slowly, hesitantly. He can feel Mary’s presence in the house with every fibre of his being.
John feels a lump in his throat that won’t go away as he moves to remove Sherlock’s phone from his frozen hand. He calls Rosie’s minder to explain the situation. She understands and offers to stay through the night if needed. John thanks her profusely, happy to have one less thing to worry about.
“Probably more than all of us put together.” Sherlock responds quietly. He thinks for a long minute, his face crumpling.
And John’s heart pangs, it truly does. Because at the end of the day this man was a man he loved and adored and admired for so long. He was his greatest desire in such a significant time in his life. James truly never deserved everything his misfortune brought him. He deserved a break and he thought he found it in Alexander. Life can be so unfair, so much, for some people.
“No, you’re not,” John says. “You’re drunk and you’re having a massive panic attack. Come on, let’s get some fresh air, yeah?’
It’s a minor miracle Sherlock achieved everything he had achieved so far. It’s a wonder he’d let anyone like John in at all.
If you're more a visual type of person and you're wondering what Corporal Stewart and Sherlock look like, I'd like to direct you to this inspiring
Sherlock’s head couldn’t move more quickly than it is moving right now. “Mycroft? What’s he got to do with it?”
Seeing where the conversation is going, he eyes the brochure that came with the package. He’s no Sherlock Holmes but it’s safe to assume he’s meant to approach David again in the date and time mentioned.
Sherlock’s tall figure freezes at the question. He clears his throat and turns, scanning John’s face in that way he always does when he can’t be sure what sort of trouble he’s got himself into. “John?”
“He hired someone.” Lestrade says, following Sherlock’s train of thought.  “Is Alexander involved too?”
They both opt for silence as another couple slowly passes behind them. John squares his shoulders, finding every bit of strength in his body he can possibly muster. Because... in his own bungling way, Sherlock just confessed something important.
“Yes, wonderful idea, Dr. Watson,” Mycroft says with a condescending smile as he pulls a small box from his inner suit pocket. He opens it up to reveal four identical memory sticks. “Whatever would we do without you.”
Sherlock, John, and Rosie established what one might call a careful routine. Dinners at Baker Street, eclectic weekends, long days at the surgery and the Yard. John’s heart skips a beat whenever he sees the other two together, their chemistry. There was a learning curve - mostly for Sherlock - but now they’re at ease together, seeking the other out in a room and exchanging adoring glances.
Sherlock doesn’t respond to Greg’s words. Instead, he circles the dead man’s body, inspecting and asking Lucas questions. He rifles through the man’s clothing, his shoes, everything that was found on the scene and is available.
John is living the least dangerous life in the suburbs and looks like shit; Sherlock has been running around like bloody 007 and came back looking ten years younger. How is that even possible?
Sherlock’s phone rings, and he hurries to answer, seeing that it’s Billy calling. “Yes?” Sherlock says, listening intently. “Where’s he now?”
“Then it’s time to get to work,” she says, and he nods again. “As soon as you get home today, you’re to make a call to Sir Spencer.” She hands him a business card he recognizes. He’d met with Spencer before, the leader of ‘Stand with Pride’, an organization that supports war veterans as they enter into politics. “Tell him you gave it some thought and you’d like to move forward.”
“One last thing,” Tahir says. “We’ve got a request from General Robert Spencer for a short phone call, if possible.”
They’re but ten minutes away from Baker Street when Sherlock’s phone rings and jolts the man out of his quiet contemplation. John doesn’t need to hear the conversation to know its contents. Sherlock’s body tenses as he listens, his eyes drifting to the window. He hangs up without a word but doesn’t move his phone away from his ear.
“Both are online transactions. Makes sense in the case of an escort service perhaps, not the hotel. He was right there, why would he pay online and not at the reception?”
Sherlock’s pulse skyrockets. His brain goes into overdrive with the sensation of John's body all over his, with the implicit threat of possession.
“Yes,” Sherlock smiles. “He caught you in a compromising situation and hung it over your head. You had sex with someone. Someone’s wife; my guess would be one of your remote cousins, a powerful one, maybe the most powerful one in your clan—a married woman, whom you seduced in hopes of extortion later. But he had photographs, or some other proof, and he used that to buy your loyalty.”
“I thought nothing of it for a while after that. He helped me bring the baby home the next day, and I had four children running around to take care of. A couple of months later, Leonard and I were watching telly one night. They’d just found the nun’s body that day and the newsreader said the nun had gone missing on 21st November… and then it hit me. 21st November, that was the night they called and said we could pick Vera up from hospital. That was the night Ernie came back all bloodied up. I’m telling you, my stomach dropped.”
“What’s in it for you, all this nasty business with the Corporal?” Mrs. Norbury asks. “You finally have everything you wanted, don’t you? A family, a home, a nice life?”
“Indeed he is,” Mycroft smiles sourly, exchanging a worried look with Sherlock. “When is this joyous event supposed to take place?”
They scatter across the room when they finally enter, broken into groups. John thinks it reflects this family’s sad state of affairs. Mrs. Holmes and her brother sit next to each other on one end, Mycroft stands ramrod straight in another. Sherlock sits down in the last remaining chair at the centre of the room. John, protective and nervous, stands right behind him with his arms crossed. He could be mistaken for Sherlock’s bodyguard. He isn’t bothered by that.
“I’m sure you do.” He knows Sherlock is slightly uncomfortable about it, but he’s thankful for the conversation he and Mrs. Holmes had earlier. She knew what she was doing by talking so openly with John; she was sending a message. He wasn’t about to deny her that.
She’s asleep by the time he passes through Westbourne Green. It’s then that he realizes where he’s been driving; he’s minutes away from Baker Street.
“I imagine nothing can be fixed now. We’re both too old and too stubborn. But now that Will is gone… he was the one who kept us all together. And I… I might be gone any day now myself. It breaks my heart thinking my boy will never really know how sorry I am. How much I really do love him.”
“Out for a rendezvous with her boyfriend,” Sherlock reports. “They were speaking on the phone earlier. They’d agreed she’d tell David about them by now, but she seems to be conflicted about it.”
“We can wait till after the case, then. Yeah?” John says, hoping for a truce. He clears his throat and grabs a box and a fork, opening it as he examines Sherlock further. Sticking a fork into a piece of chicken, he takes a bite.
!” the guard shouted and struck his back with the barrel of his gun, once, twice. He looked up at the man, the sun blinding him, but before had a chance to say anything else, the man punched his nose.
“Me?” John croaks, surprised. “No, never. Surgeons are never sent that deep into the country. Too dangerous to lose medical personnel in heavy battle.”
“A lie by omission is still a lie.” John says, repulsed by Alexander’s condescension towards James’ condition. “Which field is that?”
“You claim to have no leverage between the two of them, your wife and Mr. Holmes,” Saul says, “but it seems to me you have the one thing that actually matters.”
He rouses from his thoughts when he hears footsteps coming down the hall. Before he has a chance to regroup, Sherlock and Lestrade storm in, greeting Lucas before their eyes find John's.
Sherlock moves quickly to hide himself behind a tree, his hands in his pockets and his earpiece transmitting Elin Thøgersen’s goodbye to the Stewarts. It’s a cold night, and his breath is a white fog against the soft lights glowing from the neighbouring houses.
“No. By that point Ernie had just... completely lost his marbles,” Dinah continues. “Jamie was in prison and Ernie was devastated. He couldn’t believe Jamie would do what they said he did. And then Jamie died, and Ernie just couldn’t take it anymore. He tried to kill himself. Four times. That last time he swallowed two bottles of sleeping pills with half a bottle of Gin. He’d been in psychiatric care ever since.”
Mary’s been counting too. He can see it in her eyes, narrow and begrudging. She rocks a groggy Rosie in her arms and steps into the kitchen without a word.
"We aren’t, Dr. Watson. I've already taken up too much of these gentlemen’s Sundays." Saul turns to John, offering a handshake that John obliges. “Frank Felig, New Jersey Board of Trade. Big fan of your blog.”
John thinks and nods to Sherlock, encouraging him. A moment later John sighs in pain; Sherlock’s cheek is rubbing against his own in search of warmth, of reciprocated tenderness.
Sherlock is right. Of course he’s bloody right. David is charming on the face of it, but there’s something deeper lurking inside, something abrasive and forceful that shows itself in that glimmer that John had caught sight of twice, now.
“You’re going by Sherlock these days, I forgot.” She says with a bright smile as she catches up to them.
“Yes.” John smiles warmly, the sound of his daughter’s name spoken in Sherlock’s voice warming his insides. “Rosie. I sent Mycroft some photos. Did he show you any?”
“Strange,” John says in agreement, flipping over the photograph in his hand one last time. Three pairs of eyes watch him curiously, his silence louder than he must realize.
There was a stilted conversation about David’s upcoming speech for the new recruits—the same one David had confessed to John he’s not very keen on. Elin insisted it would be ‘
The detective looks appalled by the suggestion but acquiesces when John responds with a now fully perfected “
“Sherlock!” Lestrade bursts through the street door to 221b, John in tow, rushing in from the mortuary after receiving a call that the Camden Lock Garroter (a locksmith!) was —to everyone's surprise— found hiding inside a tree trunk in Hampstead Heath.
At the center of the frame, he spots a movement near the podium. As a crowd gathers around it, the reporter speaks over the background hum of commotion.
John wakes four hours later to the gentle sounds of Rosie’s morning monologue. He usually hears it through the monitor and the words are mostly a murmur, but listening to her now he catches ‘Daddy’ and ‘Sher’ and ‘Wosie’. It sounds like she’s making plans for the day, he thinks and smiles. The simplicity of it all. How wonderful must it be to be a two-year-old, knowing your day consists of nothing but toys, the people you love, and walks in a pushchair? He’s jealous of her, of her innocence.
They’re not a couple - it’s not a lie, but there was always a bitter aftertaste to the words when he spoke them. Sherlock had never said the same words himself, had never agreed or disagreed. Never berated him or nodded in agreement. He just let it hang in the air, his reaction open for interpretation.
He doesn’t need Mycroft’s permission. Sherlock is his own man, and he will not refuse John. He’s back now, his mission over and——
His mother, though she really is a warm, wonderful woman, was indeed distant and sometimes even cool. She was obviously barely holding on herself after Eurus was announced dead. Sherlock, young and unaware, suffered from her emotional absence.
"Because everything is temporary," Saul says, getting up from the bench to brush crumbs off his jacket. “Some things, some
"Why would you take that risk?" Saul asks. "She's been inactive for years. Dormant, in fact—last I checked."
Sherlock is flabbergasted, looking disgusted: “And ensuring turning Watson into an orphan? I know you’re an idiot John, but this is a new level.”
“And, er...” John’s eyes are tightly shut as he rubs his left eyebrow. “How long has this been going on behind my back?”
“I…” Sherlock chokes when he feels John rutting against him, unsure whether it’s on purpose or accidentally. The sensation leaves him light-headed with arousal.
“Didn’t think I’d need to,” he says. “I just assumed you’d already deduced everything the minute we met.”
“The Corporal spent weeks since his return in debriefings with the Intel Corps. However, we have a reason to suspect that he didn’t give us the full story. Some details don’t add up.”
get home. Whatever... whatever's going on in the cabin, he's not invited. He knows this rationally, of course, but he also knows that he would raid it if he thought Sherlock was there under duress.
“Yes.” Sherlock breathes, his brain suddenly whirring in overdrive. He stares at the map, suddenly seeing it in a whole new light.
John can’t help but smile, his feelings written clearly all over his face. He’s rewarded with an honest, heart-melting grin in return. Their eyes and their smiles linger and for a long, long moment they’re lost in their own bubble.
It’s only later when he sits in the car, cursing the City and its rush hour traffic, that John thinks back on their exchange and realizes that he feels absolutely nothing.
Sherlock moves his hand again and gently cups John’s cheek. John closes his eyes in relief at the soft, hesitant touch.
“Would that it were true.” John says and they exchange a bitter-sweet smile, contemplating for a minute before John speaks again.
“I know you hate this but it’s not that bad, is it?” John starts, searching for Sherlock’s eyes. “Being stuck here with me?”
“It all sounded so… scripted.” Sherlock says. “Wasn’t that exactly what you’d expect a disgruntled war veteran to say? I’ve read pages upon pages of testimonies from soldiers who came back from that war, John. They all said exactly the same.”
Their cruel reality has always been that John loves Sherlock so intensely, needs him so much - that on the rare occasion Sherlock did bare his heart John had never been able to stand it. He’d shut off, deflect in fear of being unable to handle it.
Sherlock is the most calculated man when he wishes to be, but Rosie is an exception. When he looks at her, John gets a glimpse of what an adoring Sherlock looks like. He wishes he could be on the other end of that look of adoration one day.
He shakes his head in frustration, trying to find the words to describe Sherlock’s clueless attempts at… what? Love? “To be with him? Is that what all this is about?”
people, who chose to dedicate themselves to your happiness. That’s double most people pray for in a lifetime—”
The next morning, a Sunday, John and Rosie wake up refreshed following an uncharacteristically good night’s sleep.
James Sholto is seated at his desk, aware of the lawyer's agitated movements throughout the room. After living in this mansion alone for years, he still finds the presence of others somewhat troubling. There was an interlude of companionship, a promise, but it turned out to be rather short and disappointing.
They’re manhandled from one mode of transportation to another. She was never really given a choice about coming back with them. She assumed Morocco would be the place she'd meet up with Ajay or someone on his behalf, but she wasn’t sure she was ready to return to London if she survived the encounter. Someone betrayed them, sent them to their deaths, and she wants revenge.
“Because, it’s not my place to say.” Sherlock says and his answer is sobering. Of course he would think that. “It’s Mary’s flat. That’s why you’re there. You want Rosie to grow up in the house she shared with her mother.”
“Yes. All the photographs, even the ones not added to the official file. Better yet if you can get the memory card that was in that camera that day,” Sherlock continues. “David said Khoury dug a screwdriver in his thigh, but he doesn’t have a scar matching that description. I need those photos.”
“Oh, I forgot. The wife mentioned some’ne. Rachel-somethin’. Said she wants to meet up with them, maybe dinner.”
“David Julian Stewart,” Sherlock says. “Born in Glasgow, his parents both died when he was an infant. Grew up in care in a Catholic orphanage as a devout Catholic, met Alison through charity work at church. Married young. They moved to the London suburbs with Alison’s mother immediately after their wedding so Alison could study to become a social worker. David joined the British Forces in late 2003 and was trained as a sniper. An excellent one, at that. His plan was to save up enough to cover the costs of Alison’s tuition and buy a house back in Glasgow.”
from an album that gave this chapter its name. In fact, go ahead and listen to the entire album - it played in the background as I was writing the second half of this story.
“Look at those boats.” John says and juts his chin towards the beach. It’s full of weathered boats tied to a small, old pier. “D’you reckon anyone’s been sailing them recently?”
The feeling of Sherlock’s skin in his hands does John in; he has to bite Sherlock’s shoulder to keep himself from screaming as his cock pulses with the strength of his orgasm.
And it’s only because Sherlock’s always paying attention that he hears Saul’s whisper. “You can really see the resemblance, can’t you?”
“His scars,” Sherlock says. “David said he was still tortured in Gaza but something doesn’t add up. I’d like to have John look at the photographs, give an estimate of the age of the scars.”
He watches from afar, hidden behind his thick scarf and the constant stream of late night traffic on the high street of Hanwell.
Sherlock blinks in surprise, angry at his lack of control over the camera. He takes a quick screenshot of the image on the screen and zooms in on it as David browses through the various items inside the secret compartment; more photos, more pieces of paper, small square aluminium packets.
“Milena sent me a list of recommended equipment.” Milena and Oskar are university faculty members who heard about Sherlock’s hiking plans and offered to join him. Sherlock shrugs. “Oskar sent a completely different list.”
“I’ve raised her to level two grade surveillance,” Mycroft says. “She’s in Copenhagen right now, visiting with her family.”
“Chinese or Italian?” John asks distractedly as he shuffles through the takeout drawer, jumping at the opportunity to sneak in some high-cal, greasy food. The wedding is a month away, and Mary’s been keeping a close eye on both their diets (“
“I think Khoury knew something about Stewart, and I think my threats were so convincing that he was about to talk,” Sherlock says. “Stewart was there, helping with the interrogation. I believed Khoury to be dead up until a few days ago. I imagine that Stewart might have believed the same.”
“Please. She asked if we can meet up for lunch,” David says and Sherlock’s back straightens immediately, his senses in full alert. “She’s paying.”
Missed him during the months of preparations before Rosie’s birth. He’d missed him over long, sleepless nights, trying to calm Rosie down during her first days at home when Mary, exhausted and asleep in the other room, couldn’t bear the sight of her after hours of wailing.
“I may not be a very good man, but I think I’m a bit better than you give me credit for,” he says, staring fiercely ahead. “Most of the time.”
“Yeah, I would. Pretty eyes. Search and Rescue is kinda sexy,” John teases. “Why not. I’d let him kiss me if he wanted to.”
Sherlock looks anywhere but at the man in front of him, clearing his throat. “Stay in touch with my targets.”
“A colleague of mine from the University of Salzburg reached out to me. He’d caught a whisper of our acquaintance and admitted to being a great fan of your work.” She smiles. “He wanted to know whether you’d be interested in giving a few lectures to his students as a guest speaker. He thinks they can learn a lot from your incredible talent.”
He’s had enough of being the dispensable one. The one who's left broken-hearted by the two people he loves the most.
He wants to know how Sherlock feels about his infidelity confession. He was so scared of raising it with Mary and with Sherlock, and he somehow managed to tell both of them at once.
He’d done everything he could think of to acquiesce him; stole him away for cases, married him off, smiled brightly at the woman who planted herself tightly into their life. It was all working out for the best, really. Until… well.
“Yeah, sounds good,” John says, texting David as instructed. He’s distracted by unread texts he’s been ignoring all afternoon when he hears Sherlock clearing his throat.
, here they are, and John feels the words like a punch. He can't bring himself to close his mouth, blindsided.
“No, you don’t. You’re supposed to be this genius but you’re just as lost as I am.” John’s voice is so low right now it’s borderline threatening.
When he finally opens his eyes, he realizes Molly and Rosie are gone. He goes to the kitchen and pulls out a bottle from the cabinet.
“But doesn’t he deserve back pay?” John frowns, still recovering from Edwin’s thinly-veiled threat. “That’s nine years worth.”
He stares at his tea as if the beverage holds any answers. The tea stares silently back, apparently requiring a bit more brewing on this issue. He is pulled out of his reverie when his phone pings; he opens the message and shakes his head when his brain catches on to the fact it’s not from Sherlock.
“Sorry for missing you. The tube… It was a bloody menace today,” John huffs and apologizes, sitting down on the love seat intended for clients’ guests.
“No.” He clears his throat against the hint of discomfort percolating through him. There’s no reason for John to be in trouble, and he won’t take the call while in David’s hearing range. He can’t risk getting exposed right now.
When they’re finally out on the street, the air cold and crisp, Aldridge turns sharply, suddenly and looks at John, his gaze clear and measuring.
“Sherlock, I know you think you have to solve everything for me but you don’t.” John says. “I’m my own man. I can handle Mary. We both can. You’ve asked a lot from me since the day we met but this… you can’t ask me to do that. We’ll find a way. Let’s talk to Mycroft. If she’s everything you said she was, Mycroft can…”
“This isn’t about yesterday, John. This about... Everything. It’s about the past eight years. I thought you’ve been paying attention at David’s.”
It’s staggering to think that this man knew Sherlock as a little boy; that he watched him take his first steps, taught him how to ride a bike. That he saw him blossoming from a tender little boy to a ragged teenager, fiercely intelligent and frustrated with the world around him. There’s very little to be jealous of when it comes to the Holmeses these days, but John irrationally envious of the fact that they know Sherlock in ways he never would.
As he sniffs angrily at Mycroft, still not sure how he ended up back in London, he doesn't say another word. He’d said his goodbye to David when he left Gaza; never imagining he might still have to keep up appearances here. The first few days back in London are going to prove to be crucial; if what his source in Gaza said is true, every conversation David has from now on could be with an accomplice, a potential terrorist.
, Sherlock thinks. The snow reminds him of London and he always does so love a snowy city. True, in London he had the warmth of 221B to look forward to even on his worst day, but snow is snow and he’s a man on a mission.
“I suppose not. I was just wondering,” Mycroft says. “Abu Nazir was in charge of coordinating attacks against coalition forces at the time. No one had more reason to sit down with a British POW than he did.”
John’s polite smile vanishes. He’s bracing himself to intervene, expecting Sherlock’s usual “Not interested!”.
This week’s first-timers at the clinic, Mary included, were given a tour of the main camp upon arrival. They left on foot from the immense, well-lit hangar housing their clinic, entering the camp under the watchful eyes of armed police officers and
It’s when he kisses her warm, pink cheek that he suddenly feels his hairs rising. A sensation crawls over him; that ancient instinctive jolt one gets when he’s being watched. He opens his eyes quickly and looks around him, blinking and surveying the nearby benches.
Rosie considers this and nods her head thoughtfully as if she also thinks it's a great idea. He buckles her in her car seat and starts driving and planning the rest of his day. If Sherlock turns out to be alive after all, they’ll stay for an hour or so and discuss their plans for the week. Then they’ll go back to their flat so he can meet the minder. He’ll have to leave for his dinner with James by 7:30 pm at the latest. A tight schedule, but he can make it work.
Sherlock stands up, walks towards the window. It’s moments like these that he misses Baker Street, misses his violin. By now, Sherlock’s used to not being in his element, but he prefers it. One can hardly solve an international case of intrigue from a run-down hotel room.
For hours, Sherlock paces the flat like a caged lion, burning holes in their frankly hideous carpet. As the day grows gloomier behind the curtains and darkness falls, he cannot for the life of him imagine where John could possibly be.
They’re distracted when a newscaster’s voice from the telly interrupts them. In an incredible case of serendipitous timing, John realizes, reports are coming in about a thwarted terrorist attack on London.
It’s a gory scene. The floor is covered with newly dried blood, the smell overpowering inside the room. Khoury’s shoes and clothes are spread haphazardly around his body—discarded carelessly by the paramedics who treated him.
Sherlock stepped away confidently, tossing the blanket on top of the hood of the nearest police car. He ducked under the police tape, never taking his eyes off of John Watson. This new, fascinating creature who had caught Sherlock Holmes completely by surprise.
“It was everything from… from who I was, where I lived. Names of my girlfriends, of friends from school. And then… supply routes, communication codes, rules of engagement. Names of soldiers from our compound, days of new sections arrivals. That sort of thing.”
“Your health, then?” John tries, and even he knows just how convincing that sounds. “Dr. Levinson’s office called.”
“That would be one way to go, I suppose.” He clears his throat, stopping the spiral of words begging to leave his mouth, begging to be spoken.
“Do you have the slightest idea...” he growls, starting slow but losing all grip as he goes, “of the
“I’ll be far more useful if I go back to Gaza,” Sherlock says. “I’ll work this from the ground. Reach out to my asset, dig into this a bit more.”
It’s been five long, excruciating hours since Lottie’s email landed in Sherlock’s inbox—an email he has memorized by now, word for word. He sits coiled like a spring in his chair, his head spinning with questions, watching John moping around the flat nursing his hangover with dry toast and a cup of very strong coffee.
They pass by Mrs. Holmes' room and hear no sign of anyone awake. Yesterday’s excitement over gifts and cats and biscuits must have done Rosie in.
“Mum killed herself.” John says, apropos of nothing. “Have you deduced that?” He asks and looks at Sherlock, hoping to convey that the question isn’t asked in animosity.
Suddenly he spots them. A big window gives him a clear view of the kitchen. He sees Priya, her back turned to the window. She’s filling up the kettle, presumably for tea.
“You’re kidding.” Sherlock wipes his face with a tired sigh. “I already told you everything I know.”
There footsteps again as David steps out of the cabin. “You think it’s what I drink. I don’t though, actually, because it’s so bloody awful,” David says, his voice tense. “But it’s all Al and I used to be able to afford when we were starting out, so it’s become a bit of a joke between the two of us.”
“What?” Sherlock frowns, shaking his head in confusion. Everything around John sounds drowned out, as though he has gone underwater and all he can think of is Sherlock’s breath mingling with his. And then he kisses him -
The words, cruel and miscalculated, leave John’s mouth and hang ominously in the air, like an impending storm. Sherlock’s lanky frame freezes at the sound of them. “I don’t,” he says coolly, his face arranging far too quickly into an uncaring façade.
Rosie isn’t on with losing sight of her father, and she squirms with semi-panic when it happens. Sherlock quickly returns to the YouTube app as instructed, picking a random video. The title claims to feature a man called Carl Sagan, and the video starts playing. It’s full of photos of people and animals, and the man’s voice - one assumes, Mr. Sagan - is gentle and slow. He talks of humans and animals and Earth.
“There’s no way of knowing. It can be a matter of hours, days, maybe even a week or so. It’s very hard to predict.”
Sherlock grimaces at the loud greeting, staring at a black Skype video chat screen. “Yes, I can hear you!”
“That’s nice, love.” John says with a smile, taking in the sight of Rosie in Mrs. Holmes’ arms. She looks like she was born to be a grandmother; boisterous, confident, amused by whatever his little girl seems to be doing.
“And I’ve got a little surprise for you.” Lestrade says and John and Sherlock lift their heads in surprise.
Defeated, he crawls back into bed. As he drifts off to sleep, listening to the familiar street noises, he wonders if he'll ever feel at home here again.
"It’s unlike you, that’s all," John says after a long pause. “Cases like these. Politics and master terrorists. I’m surprised you’re still interested at all.”
“Sherlock! Hey, come on. Stop!” John says, running to catch up with him. “Please, I’m trying to apologize here—”
He sighs, looking down at Rosie with a sense of irrational jealousy at her blissful, cheerful ignorance. She beams in return, a gummy smile that makes his stomach twist. How he wishes for that ignorance himself. Her mother is her whole world, the source of all that is good; a blue-eyed, blonde-haired angel that makes her smile and comforts her when she cries.
He takes a scalding sip of his tea as he skims through the remainder of the entry. Divorced, no children. Has a Masters degree in Politics and International Relations from UCL; an outspoken advocate of comprehensive, cutting-edge reforms in police leadership and practices.
He stares blankly into space, only half listening. The body is a man’s body. James was found in bed with him after his ex-husband reported him missing.
“I asked him: ‘Ernie, what have you been up to? What did you do?’. He said it was nothing at first, but I knew it wasn’t. I insisted, so he changed his story. He said that Jamie’s boss wouldn’t give him his paycheck so they had a fight at the pub, but that wasn’t his own blood on shirt—there wasn’t a scratch on him. I knew he’d been in something, and it was no pub brawl. Then he asked if I could wash the shirt for him.” Dinah huffs. “I told him no amount of washing was going to get that off, so he took one of Leonard’s instead and threw his away.”
It’s a formidable, seven-thousand-word-long front-page exposé written by a single journalist, spread over several double pages; a human-interest piece of the kind that brings out the worst and best of its interviewees and dotted with black and white photos.
He watches the car passing him by, every cell in his body boiling with a mixture of fear and suspicion. Before he knows it, his body moves of its own volition, following David’s car.
“A speech?” Sherlock asks, his pulse suddenly picking up. The memory of David’s strange finger movements, what Mycroft had mistaken for nervous fidgeting, suddenly floats back to his memory. He’s been waiting for an opportunity to watch David speaking in front of cameras since the day they landed.
“Christmas isn’t even a Christian holiday, John.” Sherlock twists his nose. “The pagans were the fir--”
Reaching for the gun in his jeans he adjusts it as he steps out of the car and uses his key to get into the flat.
There’s nothing out of line as far as his eyes can see; just a regular Tuesday afternoon filled with sounds of laughter and idle chatter.
people, with actual lives. You send soldiers off to wars like it’s nothing, but when they come back”—he swallows with hesitation—“broken, or…
The first thing John notices when he opens his eyes to the grey morning sky is that his back is shot.
He hears Sherlock speaking to Lestrade, asking for more information. He watches him as he arranges a rental car, as he (rudely) calls for Mrs. Hudson to inquire whether she can babysit Rosie for the night.
Their gazes meet, the moment sucking the breath from Sherlock’s lungs; the words he somehow manages to hold back are so cruel, so crushing, it's a relief when his phone pings.
Soon after, John and Rosie huddle outside Sherlock's favorite Thai restaurant as he picks up enough food for an entire platoon. They eat, mostly in the kitchen, mostly in silence. John does most of the talking, inane in a way only John can—the weather, the news, the uptick of flu cases at the surgery—to the soundtrack of Rosie’s gurgles. In between bits and bites from his own plate, John spoons something gray and puréed he'd pulled out from the seemingly bottomless baby bag.
“Ahh...” John scans his brain to make sure he’s getting it right. “The Bianca, I think it’s called. Near Lisson Grove.”
John is floored when Sherlock burrows his head in his neck yet again, just like last night. Whether it’s in defiant expectation of his mother’s reaction or a childish attempt to disappear, John isn’t sure. Either way, it doesn’t matter. He squeezes Sherlock’s knee again in encouragement.
He showers her with kisses, inhaling her sweet morning smell. It’s a small reprieve in his otherwise melancholic morning.
“She’s packing,” Sherlock says, sitting down. “She’s been packing and unpacking for days. Gathering the strength to leave him, I think.”
So no, John can’t complain. He shouldn’t, really. But he lives with the painful realization that he was never really addicted to the thrill of the chase, the blood pumping through his veins.
John and Lestrade are finishing up with the cleaning, looking at Rosie sleeping soundly in her portable car seat in the sitting room. She hasn’t been sleeping well since Mary left, and John’s been making a point to not stay at Baker Street overnight with her. A colleague at the surgery advised keeping a very strict and repetitive schedule at home to help her to deal with the 'significant events in her life.’
If the case Sherlock solved sounds familiar, you're probably a fellow X-Files fan who knows his season 4 quite well. That means you also know that the maintenance man's last name is spelled with a silent H.
“I asked her to pass the sterilizing wipes.” He smiles, but it’s a bitter smile. “She asked if I’d like to go for a drink later. I said no, but she kept asking, even commented on the blog. I said yes eventually. Couldn’t think of a reason not to, really.”
John met James on the first day of his last tour in Afghanistan and he fell immediately, stupendously in love with him. It was the first time he fell ever fell in love (and with a man, no less) - but
—it wasn't sustainable. He and Sherlock together, they’re a ticking time bomb—they always have been. A matched set of fury, maladjustment, and frustration—circling and enabling each other for years.
“No.” James shakes his head. “I have nothing else to say. He’s going back to France as we speak. It’s over.”
He always leaves the dial of the safe on zero when he locks it—he’s not even sure why, some sort of habit he never really thought about. The dial was aimed at four when he came back tonight.
Sherlock leaves the newspaper he’s been pouring over all afternoon neatly tucked and folded under his pillow, guiltily. He’s not entirely sure why he’s been feeling so guilty, though. The monstrous, detailed article has rather put his mind at ease.
“I can watch over her.” Mrs. Holmes offers. “I did raise my share of kids, you know. Put her cot in my room.”
“Leave it. He’s a mate, he’ll understand.” John reasons as he leaves the nipple and heads to the clavicle.
“No, ma’am, but I’ve managed to get a hold of Mr. McCallum,” Rachel says, hurrying to catch up with her. “He’ll be here at three thirty.”
This isn't the way he thought this conversation would end. Not with another proof that he's a bad friend, bad husband, bad father, even though he's the one being left behind every single time.
They were just as clear and confident during their entire time in Gaza together. David, although physically dishevelled and broken, stepped into the safehouse and looked straight into Sherlock’s soul from the first moment. It seemed odd at first, but he hadn’t given it much thought. He’d focussed on the task at hand: verifying his identity, getting David to talk and settle down for the night (and then another night, and another after that).
“I’m a difficult man, detective. He knew that when he married me. He’d known that for a long time, long before he... I have… difficulties. Anger. Traumas. Some periods are better, some are worse.”
“Honestly? She’s a twat,” she says, causing David to promptly choke on his tea. “But she is the Home Secretary and she’s been in service for a long time, so maybe that’s the game you have to play as a woman in her position.”
“Of course I’m familiar with it. Every soldier in Afghanistan kew about Musa Qala.” John shakes his head. “It was brutal. They were sent to their deaths.”
What he finds there is the handyman Mrs. Hudson has had around the past few weeks, installing new sconces in the kitchen. She’d recently come into some money and decided that, following the flat’s fall into disrepair while Sherlock was
It’s not much as responses go, John knows, but at the very least it’s an honest one. Still, John’s gut turns with the sensation that there’s something entirely else he should be apologizing for.
"Jane from the surgery emailed you. Says she's worried," Sherlock says, and John exhales loudly. Jane likes to stick her nose where it doesn't belong. "Asks how Rosie's feeling, seeing as today's the third day off you've taken this week to take care of her."
“Right!” John says, delighted. He feels like he’s constantly on a see-saw, switching between anxious and nervous to delighted and hopeful. “Of course. That’s great.”
"Thank you for speaking honestly, Sherlock," David says. "John, I'm sorry - I know this is difficult to hear."
But he sees the hospital as a doctor does, knowing exactly how it all works: these are the signs of a dedicated team working hard to save a life. For him, it's all very comforting.
“You’re insufferable.” Sherlock says as he smells the contents of one box and takes a bite, making his stomach grumble and his face blush.
Ensuring the tablet is nowhere to be seen one last time, he moves the slide under the microscope just so; he’d made sure to have something on it to inspect. John always notices when there isn’t, giving Sherlock away.
Tahir clears his throat, his back slightly straighter. “Apparently Corporal Stewart is considering joining their ranks and his first official appearance will be there.”
“Not at first,” Billy says, the video showing David turning a corner and inspecting light bulbs in what can only be described with an unnatural amount of interest in home fittings. “Then bathroom rugs, door locks.”
“A Facebook post goes a long way these days,” John suggests kindly. “Perhaps in one of those Chelmsford groups. Wouldn’t mind posting on my blog, if that helps.”
It takes Sherlock 1.3 seconds to deduce what happened and John can tell, despite his current condition.
“Don’t, Sherlock, don’t…” He stops him mid-sentence, hating the words already. It makes him sad; about Sherlock’s overreaching denial, his need to make everything so bloody
“Mr. Knight.” A female officer with a German accent knocks softly as she opens the door. “Do you need an—”
“You… were sent on this mission,” he says, finally managing a second of eye contact with the other man. “You...
They go to the shops to stock up on groceries for spag bol. Lestrade updates that the case is solved, so Sherlock will have no excuse for not eating. But Sherlock and Lestrade keep getting delayed at the Yard, and they only show up well after 8 PM.
“Listen to me, just.. listen.” David says. “I’ve been thinking about you so much since Gaza. I- I wanted to say something that day after the homecoming ceremony, but they just took me to some room with Al and I never saw you again.”
“Seeing him jump off a building. Seeing him dead on a slab, shot by my wife. Seeing him coding on the floor. Seeing him so high that he doesn’t even recognize me.”
“Come on mate, you know how much the civilians were suffering,” John says. “That alone was worth a war.”
In lieu of words, he moves closer to Sherlock. He places his palm gently on Sherlock’s knee, closing his eyes and praying to not be rebuffed.
“The one you had the fight with in the pub that other time,” John says. “You seemed to be at each other’s throats.”
then at the box, its contents about to reveal themselves to him. He opens it gently, removing the tape. It’s a brand-new camera, in its original packaging, and then some.
He’d tried negotiating once, about a week ago. He hadn’t required pain medication for forty-eight hours at that point, and that had to mean something, didn’t it? “Lestrade—”
“Yes.” Sherlock nods, the warmth from John’s hand traveling up his arm and dispersing, warming his wounded sternum.
, is what he’d told himself before the wedding. There was Irene Adler, but god help him, John still wasn’t sure what exactly happened there. Sherlock seemed to be pining, but gave no real answers, and after she died her name never came up again.
An email notification pulls Sherlock out of his moroseness one early morning the following week as he hunches in concentration over his laptop—one he greets with a wrinkled forehead and a breathy mumble.
This right here, him waving and smiling to a neighbor, was the worst case scenario that his mind conjured up as he watched Sherlock stepping off a tarmac and onto an airplane, denying him his last chance at a different life.
And so he sits, listening to David spinning yarn. Not because he enjoys it, no. Moments ago, as he wobbled on the rickety chair, it dawned on him that this was a bad idea.
Mycroft’s closeness and even downright obsession towards Sherlock suddenly makes much more sense. Someone had to watch over Sherlock; he’s a handful in his middle-age, John can barely imagine the energies required to safeguard a teenage and young adult Sherlock from himself.
” he whispers to his wife, or the housekeeper, or anyone paying attention, really. It does the trick.
John’s words are met with a sudden wall of silence. Aldridge’s eyes become dangerously narrowed again, and he takes three confident steps towards John, who straightens in defence as a result.
They walk in and a young female assistant welcomes them, the front desk so large she is almost completely hidden behind it.
“Yeah, I suppose you’re right.” John says, surprised by Sherlock’s always-unique perspective on things. “Still, it can get overwhelming…”
“So according to the autopsy report, James’ fingertips were indeed the only ones found on Nathan’s body. No other physical signs of distress or struggle. The death is indeed due to a broken neck.”
He’s betrayed by the telling sound of his back cracking like a twig, closing his eyes with a mixture of stabbing pain and embarrassment flushing up his body.
John loved that they had that conversation. It made him feel so alive. Sherlock has always been funny, witty, but their conversations never went that way. Somehow though, John realizes he’s the one who’s been doing all the talking. Sherlock revealed so very little but even the little bits of information he did share mean the world to him.
“I can assure you Mycroft had arranged for the best doctors one can find to treat him.” Sherlock says in a dismissive tone.
He constructs a crib, paints the nursery, folds mountains of babygros, carries bags upon bags of nappies. There are birthing classes and chatty neighbours asking about the christening, and every so often Mary turns to look at him with a wide, warm smile.
Status quo is how you end up with an assassin for a wife; how you stay married to her, despite the lies and false promises.
“You’ll be home in no time,” Gemma says, patting her shoulder sympathetically. “Just bring your own linens.” She winks. “Trust me on that one.”
“Mrs Hudson found it,” John said, leafing through the Essex Standard he had hid in his bedroom—evidently not well enough. “This, Sherlock. It’s all so... fucked up.”
“I have a rehearsal coming up in a few days. Need to write it and everything.” David turns to look at John, his eyes turning dark with honesty. “But here’s the thing. I don’t think it’s the right choice. What I really want to tell them is to run for their lives.”
The evening is pleasant. They eat, watch a film, and chuckle at the passed out Mrs. Hudson on the sofa.
When a nurse passes a wailing Rosie to him for the first time—Mary still breathless and aching—he’s so overwhelmed, his guard so thoroughly down, that he turns around to show Sherlock that Rosie’s got his eyes.
“John, I can assure you I thought about this long and hard, and while this really isn’t the optimal-”
“Because I have so very little else. And... I’m one of the few people who really understand him, who care about him just the way he is.” John shakes his head. "I never wanted him to change."
“But it takes work, and it takes time. And you need to stay and fight for it. You don’t leave. I think you know that too, Sherlock, don’t you? It’s why you insisted I go back to her.” He stares at Sherlock.
Sherlock tried to intervene. He had woken John up once, calling to him from the threshold of his room. John rose sweaty and disoriented and asked to be left alone.
“Because... she was a young, beautiful girl who was put on this earth just like the rest of us, wasn’t she? She didn’t deserve to be taken like that,” Dinah says. "If my brother-in-law did it, the people who love her deserve to know the truth about what happened to her, even though it won't bring her back.”
“I don’t bloody care, Sherlock,” John says, his wariness doing very little to hide his simmering anger. “Sit. Down. Now.”
“Your daughter will be a blank slate, John, a fresh start.” Sherlock says, his heart in his throat. After all, isn’t that what John was looking for when he walked into that lab, years ago? Wasn’t it what Mary was hoping for when she left her old life behind? “Your pasts are not her burden to carry, so don’t let her.”
“Should have taken the tube instead,” John says with a sigh. There seems to be no end in sight to the traffic jam on the A41; they’ve barely left New Barnet proper, twenty minutes in.
A newlywed and about to become a father, Jamie was in dire need of a job. He eventually became a long-haul lorry driver for a Chelmsford-based mattress manufacturer.
He sniffs Rosie’s head, relishing her soft baby smell. His arms are numb from holding her and his back aches from the rocking movement but he can't let her go tonight. This little girl and the man downstairs are all he has left. That’s all there is to it.
The next Saturday is Rory-free and the weather is a complete and utter contrast to the day of The Lemonade Incident, as John has since come to call it. Baker Street is freezing cold, despite the roaring fire in the old fireplace. Sometime last night the sky had opened up and it’s been pouring rain ever since, dampening John's already-sour mood further.
Sherlock stayed silent for a long moment, blinking to try and organize his thoughts. "Is this about what I said.. at the restaurant?" Sherlock asked, clearing his throat.
The van is silent. Mary watches John from time to time. He’s avoiding her eyes. She can feel him radiating with furious energy, shaken from witnessing her stand-off with Ajay and everything else he learned about her tonight. She’d try to talk to him, but he’ll only lash out.
He remembers that day vividly; sitting in his chair, realizing Mycroft doesn’t want to speak in his presence and feeling like an outcast. Remembers his shock at Sherlock’s words, the small smile that escaped him at Sherlock’s defiant tone when he said them.
The rest of this story will not delve into the consequences of John hitting Sherlock in TLD. Mostly because I dealt with that in my other stories (Detours as well as Any Other Universe) and honestly, my heart just can't take any more of that in the context of this story. So as you read this - choose whatever works for you: either the beating in TLD happened but John and Sherlock put it to rest behind them, or it didn't and Mycroft is referring to John hitting Sherlock in TEH.
“It’s no longer there. Neither is my brother’s website,” Mycroft continues. “The Corporal went missing in 2006. He’s not familiar with Sherlock Holmes like the rest of this country is. As far as the Corporal knows, the man who’d spent those months in Gaza with him is Peter Knight, a freelance intelligence agent who just happened to be in the region when he was found. Sherlock Holmes does not exist, and will not exist again, until we feel we’re in the clear. It means that he won’t be taking new cases, won’t move back into Baker Street, won’t appear in your creative little blog posts until further notice.”
“Mummy insists on a Christmas visit this year,” Sherlock says. “She’s being aided and abetted by Mycroft. From months of convalescing here to two nights in that nut house; the conspiracy to drive me insane is well underway, I see.”
“The Yorkshire Ripper was questioned nine times in five years before Yorkshire police caught on to him,” Sherlock says. “He fooled them for years.”
Sherlock hesitantly grabs onto his waist and John moves closer still. Encouraged, Sherlock envelopes himself around John’s body.
“Good night, Maisie,” Gemma and Mary sing-song as Maisie opens the door to her room in their (surprisingly adequate) living quarters. It's near midnight on their second night in France, and they are the last ones to leave the clinic. The last forty-eight hours have gone by in a blur —an endless stream of men, women, and children showing up each morning at the small hangar.
“Yes. But don’t worry about it.” John shakes his head. “I promised I’d wait, didn’t I? It’s just... seeing grey hair on you. Don’t take this the wrong way, Sherlock, but I hate that we’re wasting time. I love you. I want you here with me.”
A sensation creeps down Sherlock’s spine, one so unfamiliar he cannot put a name to it. His mind inadvertently goes back to the days after his return from his own supposed death; to stepping back into London, discovering time hadn’t stood still. That the city he loves moved on without him. That John had done just the same.
John kicks him under the table, interrupting his train of thought. “Eat your scallops,” Captain Watson commands.
John watches Sherlock working his jaw, looking away; his own heart plummets to the floor, like a weight thrown carelessly. “Sherlock,” he says, his voice painfully raw. “You don’t have to do this. You’ve done more than enough for these people.”
“Mr. Noor. Bit of a mad morning. Did you get the tour? Found the bogs yet?” the minister asks, offering a solid handshake. “I see you’ve met Ms. Perkins, my Chief of Staff?”
“He’s gone, Ro-ro. Let’s go.” She looks up at him with curious eyes. He picks her up and heads to the exit.
An hour and forty-five minutes later he finally hears it. A creak of a door downstairs, hurried footsteps on the stairs. John stands from the chair and raises his gun.
She stands nervously as David follows her in, tightly clutching a bag with his few, meagre belongings, looking around him with wide eyes.
John’s hand is still on his knee, and Sherlock holds his breath. The moment stretches and then it’s gone. Rosie makes herself known with a small cry.
“Happy Birthday, John.” Sherlock says with a crooked smile. “Is that one of Mrs. Hudson’s cupcakes?” He crowds in on his phone’s camera, trying to get a better look. John’s breath catches. Sherlock has a small bunch of silver hairs in his curls, next to his right temple. They weren’t there when he left.
One morning, she’s preparing to leave the house early, citing a postnatal gynecological checkup she’s been neglecting while away. John’s feeding Rosie. Mary’s talking about appointments and errands. His face transforms into a frown, chewing on his inner cheek in disbelief.
It’s better, keeping things locked up. Safer, that way. Opening your heart and letting it get dragged in the mud the way Sherlock and Mary dragged his will leave a mark, will break even stronger men.
“The opposition is pushing to leave the EU, and now that we’re out of Afghanistan protesters are demanding that we leave NATO too. Stewart is the Prime Minister’s poster boy for staying in. He needs this press conference to show the importance of the UK’s involvement in both NATO and the EU. Your future, my future and the future of this government relies on this, Sherlock, so I’ll ask you again: are you
John takes another deep, bracing breath. Sherlock, involuntarily, takes one as well.“What did she mean by…” John hesitates. “Why couldn’t Ernie believe my dad did what they said he did? What did she mean by that?”
“Mr. Holmes has very clear living will. He’d instructed that once his medical state reaches certain criteria he should only be provided palliative care, and does not wish for his life to be prolonged. I’m afraid we’re not far from reaching the criteria that were set.” Dr. Williams says and scans the room.
When did we become this stilted triangle? Why do you need her presence to be able to be at ease with mine?
“What?” She smiles and pulls the vest further up, revealing his torso. “You can’t shower with your kit—”
John takes a sip and doesn’t say a word. Sherlock registers the silence, turns to look at him with a raised eyebrow.
The doctor barely conceals his all-knowing hum. “How about here?” He probes the sides of Sherlock's ribcage.
But now there’s a case and Sherlock wants to focus on it. Think about it and whatnot. John had been the main focus of Sherlock’s attention for weeks but now he’s been rebuffed, sent to make tea.
“H’lo.” Sherlock’s back straightens immediately upon hearing the doctor’s voice. John Watson is stinking drunk at 11 am on a Saturday.
“People tend to mistake me for taking an interest in their issues.” Sherlock says, feigning nonchalance.
I’ve never been to Nepal; I’m sure it’s lovely. Sherlock is having a bad time so his judgment is clouded.
The soldier had been MIA and considered dead for nine years; John shivers with the realization that the period coincides roughly with his last tour, discharge and return to London.
“Do you remember any specific questions you were asked during your initial interrogations by your captors?” Mycroft asks.
It’s been three months since Mary left. The time has been filled with terrible lows and some unforeseen beautiful highs. Mary has been travelling around the globe, taking unexpected routes, never stopping for longer than a week and a half. She never contacts either of them and shows no signs of moving slowly back towards London. John has no idea what she’s looking for.
Getting up, he checks on Rosie. She’s minutes away from her usual wake-up time, and she looks incredibly peaceful in sleep. He stands by the window of the nursery, half expecting to see the man staring back at him from the street.
“You didn’t really think you’ll be able to avoid London forever, did you, Sherlock?” Mycroft asks, leaning against his cane. “You’ll be needed at some point, you know that. It was only ever a matter of time.”
“Why aren’t I what?” John stares back, itching for an argument. “I thought we had this conversation before. She’ll come back when she wants to,
tw for descriptions of physical and emotional torture (framed by two asterisks ** in case you want to skip it) and animal death/killing (framed by three asterisks ***  in case you want to skip it)
“The woman we know as Mary Watson is en route to Morocco via Marseille, as we speak.” Mycroft leans on his umbrella. ”She’s expected to reach her final destination - the Hotel Cecil in Marrakech - by early afternoon tomorrow.”
? For him? Look at you lot. Did anyone offer you a book deal when you came back from bloody Ganners?”
“Where’s Sherlock?” he asks, and the mere question brings back the knot of worry he’s been pushing down for days. “Is he alright?”
He calls for his daughter to switch from Sherlock’s arms to his and she does, luckily without a battle.
Nervous now, John moves quietly to peer carefully around the corner. Sherlock stands with his back against the cabin wall, his two hands full of logs.
“My youngest daughter, Vera, was born on 5th November that year; that was a few weeks before the nun disappeared. Vera was born prematurely, you see, so they kept her in hospital.”
He’s always been that way, long before he’d met John. Sherlock longs, he aches for extremes; for jumping from rooftops and chasing hounds in great big forests. In many ways, he’s wasted on London’s criminal classes. He was bound to grow out of the city he loves so much eventually.
“Are we good to go, sir?” The contractor asks, a puff of smoke hanging in the air as they watch the cars disappearing from view.
“According to his belongings, his name is Nathan Black. 28 years old. There’s an employee badge of a local law firm. I didn’t get a chance to do a full autopsy yet but the cause of death is quite clear. His spinal cord was crushed. There aren’t any contusions or lacerations which suggest that the injuries were sustained without a struggle. In other words, someone broke his neck.”
Sherlock is holding an apple and a fruit knife. He’s picking the apple apart and eating it silently, in front of the camera. Sherlock’s sneaky, teasing smile is one he hasn’t seen in a long time.
He scans the sitting room as they step inside and his eyes land on Mycroft Holmes. The man is sitting stiffly in Sherlock's chair, holding a cup of tea. Mycroft looks over at John as he enters, his expression inscrutable.
“She was away for… three months? Is that right” David asks and John nods. “What were you doing during this time?”
John is woken from his thoughts when the atmosphere in the room changes. He looks around and finds that the group is slowly dispersing. The group leader is handing out brochures, while Aldridge moves awkwardly towards the exit. He mumbles his goodbye to the people trickling out. He gets no response from any of them, and it aches John’s heart to see a man so painfully invisible in a room full of people.
Sherlock would have escaped to his own abode if it weren’t a temporary, derelict warehouse. Very few people would call it a house, let alone a home.
"Luckily, I've always been quick on my feet. I told her crazy people always come out of the woodwork when things like that happen, and she has nothing to worry about. Best not to mention it to anyone, least of all her husband," Mrs. Norbury says."She was so rattled she actually bought it. But there I was, thinking ‘who could possibly be resourceful enough to cotton on to something like that’? Then it struck me. Of course. Who else could it be?”
“And it was, wasn’t it?” Sherlock nods. “Compromised that night. You two were weeks away from the end of your tour. You had...
It wasn’t the confession that had him worried that day. He was a GP. He’d met his share of new mothers showing signs of postnatal depression or just plain, overwhelming exhaustion. John knew better than to judge a woman after her baby had been yelling at the top of their lungs for hours on end.
He looks at the CCTV photograph again, at the tall building and the blurry image of a man standing at the balcony.
”For the angle of his neck to end the way it did he would have to be left-handed, and use quite a bit of force when doing it.”
He fails. She’s already up, warming Rosie’s bottle; she turns to look at him as he passes by the kitchen then looks away, her lips pursed.
“I see,” he says with a sigh. His eyes scan the room, and he settles on the edge of the bed. “I’ve been afraid of this.”
“No,” he stupidly blurts, late—far too late. John’s already at the foot of the stairs to his room by now.
“Give us a twirl,” he says, pushing down that last thought. She frowns, then relents, finishing off with a little curtsy. “Nobody will be looking at me at the gala, that’s for sure.”
“Father Conneely only became a suspect in the nineties, to the best of my knowledge,” Sherlock says. “It never went beyond hearsay or circumstantial evidence.”
After changing clothes again, she stuffs them into a bin liner; she’ll throw them into the camp's incinerator first thing tomorrow morning. The gun is put back in the glove compartment, the car parked around the corner from where she’d found it.
“I’m not sure what to do.” He confesses, whispering. He’s unaware, yet again, of just how much comfort having him here is to John.
Lyons is advised to fire no less than five lighting technicians and one secretary (“She’s sleeping with your curator as well as your accountant.” “But… the curator and the accountant are married”. “I know.”). He’s being brilliant as ever, and Mr. Lyons seems to think so as well.
John hastily picks up Rosie and their belongings and says a quick goodbye. He starts walking towards Sherlock; it couldn’t have taken more than a minute but he feels like he’s been walking for days.
She has her own path to walk now and she isn’t hiding anymore. John might ask for a separation or at least some time to think. She’s quite sure he’s been doing a lot of thinking in Baker Street while she was away. She doesn’t know how
“It’s alright,” Sherlock says. “Still rather… quiet. But John brings Rosie, and Rosie’s definitely not quiet. Clients come over. It’s… manageable. My new… ventures help.”
But what if it is hereditary, John repeats Sherlock’s question. What if Sherlock’s beautiful, one of a kind brain is hit with the same terrible disease as his father? Didn’t he wonder how much Sherlock is like his father not two days ago during a hospital visit?
“Nosy Rosie.” John hears a soft murmur coming from the bench as Sherlock stands up with Rosie, not meant for his ears.
John can’t help a crooked smile at that. He straightens where he stands, eyes the man standing in front him from head to toe. Sherlock looks back, challenging, measuring.
Sherlock scowls and closes his eyes in frustration, glimmers of panic and excitement taking residence in his belly at the same time.
Later, when John returns to the room with two cups of terrible Yard coffee, Sherlock sneaks a hesitant glance his way.
“Because they love us, because they want to spare us. I think that’s what your dad did. He hid his pain in order to protect you and he did an excellent job of it. But the choice to not tell you, to protect you… that was his choice. You had no control over it. I won’t let you take the blame for it. You won’t blame me for not seeing through my mom’s cover.”
“You read his files,” Sherlock’s lips tighten in frustration, noticing his brother’s stare. “He knows how to bypass these tests.”
Everything about William is so Sherlock. From the curls to the shoulders and even the absentmindedly dangling house robe. It was taken when the sun was right in front of the windows, and the amount of light makes the photo look downright artistic. Sherlock is resting his small curly head blissfully on his father’s shoulder.
When Sherlock speaks again, John lifts his eyes to see him paying the tab. His regular mask of coolness and self-control is back in its place.
“Can’t use one of my old boltholes,” Sherlock says, his hand on his hips as he strategizes. “There’s a place just off of Marylebone Road. I once caught a strangler there—”
“I need everything,” Sherlock says coolly, staring pointedly into his brother’s eyes. “Everything about the Watsons. His father, firstly, but his mother, and Harry too. Police reports, hospitalizations, employment records, welfare correspondence once both parents died.”
“And the Corporal’s no different. He has money problems, for starters,” Mycroft says. “His wife has amassed a significant debt while he’s been away despite the dependants’ pay. The money for the book he’s supposedly agreed to write will be a long time coming, judging by the publisher’s financial state.”
“Even better, that’ll make our lives that much easier. Everything is set up, we’re all ready to go. But listen, Sherlock, we’ll have enough men and women here. No need to jump straight into the fire, yeah?”
“I’m really not at liberty to say…” Gabriel says. Lestrade gives sends him a sharp, threatening glance. “Antidepressants and anti-anxiety medication. All very standard. Only in support of the more substantial healing process in our therapy sessions.”
“You’re right, of course. As a gesture of good will, I thought perhaps I could come over and apologize. I believe I owe an apology to your wife, too.”
“Yeah, I’ve been through a divorce.” Lestrade says, unperturbed. “There’s no way you didn’t have an inkling.”
“Hmmm.” John hums, dizzy due to what is, unquestionably, one of the best kisses he’s had the pleasure to receive. “We should… we should probably change.”
very close, and you went through a chain of events not many friendships would bounce back from, let alone survive.”
Anthea really is a top-notch professional. Sneaking audio equipment into the Intel Corps HQ successfully is exactly the reason he pays that exorbitant salary.
“Please, I insist.” She says. “He always bought the biggest tree, every year. You’re all set.” She says and looks at her assistant with a nod. “You’ll have it over at your house in an hour or two.”
John knows that time is a universal constant here on Earth. A second is a second everywhere, for everyone no matter what. But time seemed to have stretched unnaturally for John since Sherlock took off on that plane. His days are somehow longer; they go on and on, his body and mind lagging.
For a long time, they’re both quiet and lost in thought. Sherlock alternates between sinking into his Mind Palace and looking at his father as if telepathically urging him to wake up.
“I had to do that once, Sherlock. I had to go back home to Rosie after her mother died and I didn’t handle that well. How well do you think I would have handled it this time?”
“Sherlock, come on. We’ll figure something out.” John pleads. “You can’t honestly expect me to go back to that flat, to... She shot you!”
The Q&A session begins with a flattering introduction and a run-through of Sherlock’s career and credentials. He talks about his days reading Chemistry and his experiences working with the Yard.
With a sigh he checks his pockets, making sure his fake passport is there; he’ll need it for his checkpoint passage into Gaza. Looking down, he stares at his passport photo, a stranger looking back at him. Gaunt. Short, ginger hair, brown contacts. He’s flaunting a scruffy beard these days, the red hairs glimmering in the Middle Eastern sun. He stands out like a lighthouse in the streets of Gaza on the rare occasion he leaves their hideout.
“He’d pick on us all. Laugh at us. But mostly Jonathan,” David says. “Homophobic stuff. Jonathan was gay, and he wasn’t ashamed about any of it. Never. Even though… you can’t. Well, you couldn’t, not back then.”
David isn’t Moriarty and he’s certainly not a dominatrix, but John can’t help remembering his eyes that time, right before he kissed him. He shouldn’t underestimate Sherlock—he knows he shouldn’t—but Sherlock doesn’t always understand things, people, social situations. He either doesn’t read social cues properly, or he ignores them all together.
“I doubt that,” Sherlock says coolly, his expectations low. “They’re not idiots, they know they’re being watched. It’s just another piece of the puzzle.”
Maybe Sherlock doesn’t ‘do’ romantic love after all. Maybe he will never have him the way he wishes.
He can’t walk in there. He has a baby in the car, and he can’t leave her alone - let alone take her inside. Whatever’s going on in there, he’d like to have his gun with him.
John gives the question a long consideration. “I’d like to know what’s going with you. If I can’t be a part of this… new life of yours, I’d like to still hear about it. We went through so many horrible things together. I’d like to be a part of the good things too. I can… live with that, I suppose. Being in the dark… that’s the hardest part for me.”
“Alright, Alright. But just—” Lestrade swallows, then nods. “You know what they say about the road to hell, yeah?”
“Shut up,” he says and loads a video, showing images of the homecoming ceremony from the previous day. Sherlock zooms in on Stewart. “Here.”
Sherlock takes a deep breath and finally looks at John with a challenging stare. “You know very well what that means, John,” Sherlock says quietly, defiantly. “You didn’t want to come back from the war, either.”
"That's why I don't want any trouble over this case, then, Sherlock." He stresses his point again. "Do you see?"
His mind has never reached the point of planning for rejection, but that is too much to handle right now anyway.
“I’m not like that.” James said coldly and nailed John to the ground with a long, warning stare before walking away. And that was that. It was never discussed again.
“Christ, he was a riot,” another man sighs and looks at a visibly stricken David. The man raises his pint and speaks to the table. “To Jonathan Palmer.”
“You have to, John.” Sherlock whispers, though his voice is commanding. “You have to go back to her. You can’t stay.”
“No one will care about the Corporal’s sad childhood or time in captivity once all hell breaks loose. You don’t stop terrorists with pop psychology, Dr. Watson, you fight fire with fire.” He says. “Mr. Holmes, are we good to go?”
He can’t see her eyes from this distance, not really, but there’s a jolt of recognition twisting down his spine as their eyes meet. He buries his hands deeper in his jacket pockets, straightening his back.
Walking back to the Holmes house he takes his phone out and texts Harry, wishing her a Merry Christmas, sharing the news about Sherlock’s father. He puts the phone back in his pocket when she doesn’t respond.
It took some time for Sherlock to accept it, but the fact is that he’s paying the physical price of the drugs, of being shot by Mary, of kicking and punching thugs across London. They still run around, chase criminals, but these cases are few and far between. Many of the cases Sherlock takes these days can be solved more easily and pose less danger for everyone involved.
. Between the violence of soldiering and dangers of doctoring, he finds solace in the status quo, where no hard questions are asked, no unreasonable demands made.
“I see,” David says and looks at Sherlock. “This is something I’ll need to discuss with Sherlock, to understand whether he’s interested in that. This process is, at the end of the day, his.”
Shortly before midnight, a slight sound of fabrics rustling catches Sherlock’s attention. David turns to look at the clock on the bedside table. He gets up and grabs a towel from the shower.
“Well then we’ll hold it here. It’ll be crowded but it’ll have to do.” She says pointedly and turns to look at John. “The Vernets are a big family.”
His mouth twitches into a small smile as he hands the boy a wad of notes in return for his help, thanking him as he leaves.
He eyes Sherlock for a long moment, the conversation a reminder of just how much of an enigma Sherlock is; his answers seem well thought of, as if…
“I think the more important question is, what have you been doing so far?” Sherlock asks accusingly. “What have you got on your end of the investigation?”
"Watson," he murmurs, staring into familiar deep-blue eyes. They focus on him, and though she clearly understands nothing, she listens intently. “Watson, what are we going to do about him?”
“I have nothing else to offer you besides my protection, besides ensuring that you’re alive and happy.”
He turns around to look at the spindly bed behind him and examines his bags, then scans the room to ensure he leaves nothing behind him once he’s given the green light to leave.
Before he even closes the door behind him, Mary places a sated, warm Rosie in his arms. The baby is bundled in a fuzzy towel and smells of soap and laundry detergent. Her post-shower doze is abruptly interrupted by her father's appearance in her field of vision. A smile and gurgle welcome him back, her way of saying goodnight after a long day.
Is he exaggerating? Possibly. But he’d learnt from the best and said best used to text and call and badger him until he’d relent, and right now John needs to be relented. Because Mycroft was right, as much as John hates to admit it. Last time Sherlock came back John welcomed him with punches and fists, overwhelmed and dazed at the sight of him.
“I’m sorry, I know you don’t like all this… emotion. But you’re not dispensable, Sherlock. Look at Rosie. I meant every word I said the other day at the park. We need you, both of us. If you can’t see that for yourself...”
Every single difficult, frustrating moment from the past few years suddenly seems ridiculous, inconsequential when he’s staring at the stack of paper on his kitchen table.
“Oh. That’s—” He says, blinking hard against a hint of moisture there, slowly scratching his beard. Sherlock is close, so close it’s intoxicating. John looks up, searching for the other man’s eyes.
John clears his throat. “It was hard to know that my wife didn’t trust me to help her and that she left her daughter behind. Other than that... I’d say yes, it was good.”
Sherlock opens his laptop, clicking through various folders, then finally presses the play button. The video reveals three women sitting together in a cozy but outdated sitting room. Mrs. Poole is on the right, staring at the camera as the recording starts. A female lawyer sits on the other side, clearing her throat. At the center of the frame sits a tall, elderly woman in her early seventies; she's frail-looking, but sharp-eyed.
John shoots him a devastating glare, turning the key in the ignition. “Not a chance, you’re a bloody mess and… hungover.”
) became a teacher when she joined the School Sisters of Saint Angela, an Ursuline teaching order. At the time of her death, she taught English Lit at the Sacred Heart Sixth Form College for Girls in Chelmsford.
Sherlock nods wordlessly. He would never deny John anything, not even the warmth of a questionable blanket on a cold December day. It’s an innocent gesture, but it seems to raise John’s suspicion.
“Don’t be so hard on yourself. There’s no one to impress there, just us and your mates. Write what you feel, what you would have liked him to know, maybe. Or some memories. Memories are always good.”
“Like a pawn in a game. Like a toy passed around from one angry child to the other. These two were busy proving they were the smartest ones while determining the rest of my life.”
“Now, Dr. Watson.” Mycroft drolls, irritated. “Before it’s too late for either of you. Speaker, please.”
“I don’t want to hear his name anymore,” David says coldly, his voice raising, as if in imitation of Alison. “
“You know what I do for a living, David. I hear things. I know things.” Sherlock says, speaking clearly and quickly. “I know you were invited to give a speech and though I can’t tell you the whole of it, I can tell you it might be dangerous, so don’t. Don’t do it.”
Lestrade knows a grumpy John Watson when he sees one, and digs in a little deeper. Hesitant, John shares the very essential details of what’s been going on with the detective. Just general details - he doesn’t want to hurt Sherlock’s privacy. While John’s speaking, he sees a flicker of recognition in Lestrade’s eyes.
“But—” The words die on John’s tongue. For a blessed second he’d actually thought he had a way out. He searches for Sherlock’s eyes, finding steely determination there. “Shit.”
“Let me do this, Al,” he says. “Please. I’ve taken so much from you. All these years, you… let me give something back. I need to feel… I need to feel useful again, love.”
The dark, cold room is lit only barely by the blue light and static audio emanating from the two computer screens. His breath a white fog, Sherlock texts Mycroft a reminder to send someone with a heating apparatus, seeing as he’s planned to spend several more nights here yet.
“You don’t have to decide right now,” David says, dropping to his knees in front of Sherlock, cupping his face. “But just… think about it. Don’t tell me Gaza meant nothing to you.”
John nods, his heart in his throat over Sherlock’s admission. He looks at Sherlock’s face intently, trying to assess how much more honesty he can take from him today.
This time it’s John who walks ahead, lost in a deluge of thoughts. Behind him, Rosie sits on Sherlock’s shoulders as they walk through the park, surveying her surroundings like a tiny Khaleesi.
The accusation lands like an anvil on John’s head, but there's no time to process it. They both jump at an incoming text message on John’s phone before either can say anything else.
He puts the tumblers in the sink and looks at Sherlock’s long, familiar form from behind. He’s no longer radiating distance. John wishes for some more contact - another look, another touch. But Sherlock was receptive and honest and he’s thankful for that. He doesn’t want to push him further.
The argument continues, reaching an impasse. It finally stops when Mycroft is left with no choice but to roll his eyes profusely and cough for attention. He straightens his back and looks at his nails, nonchalant.
John’s sad smile straightens in a split second. His heart twitches in pain. Is this what’s been eating at Sherlock this entire time? The dementia diagnosis was marked in Mr. Holmes' files as given nearly a year ago. So is this the reason behind the change in his character? Behind his more subdued personality these days?  Has he been upset over losing his father this whole time?
He leaves a grave behind, takes the tube here, stares at the building angrily for an hour, then goes home to find a thoroughly alive Sherlock playing the violin or mumbling to the ceiling.
They find Sherlock in the sitting room and Mrs. Hudson joins John in serving dinner and the cake. It’s a quiet affair. They’re eating slowly, charmed by Rosie’s babble.
“Good. Text me the name of the charity you’d like me to donate to.”  James tells Sherlock.  “I’ll make sure it's done before Christmas Day.”
According to Sherlock, the Captain had officially been living in a local bedsit provided to him by a charity, but he spends most of his nights out on the street. Aldridge doesn’t do drugs—at least, not illegal ones. Cheap alcohol seems to be his substance of choice. He hasn’t worked in years. His last known affiliation was indeed with the group of protesters from Future Britain Collective, a right winged pressure group that worked hard to demand that Britain sever any ties with its allies following the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq as well as with its allies in the EU and NATO.
“Deputy, assistant, aide-de-camp. Whatever you choose to call it is fine by me.” The woman turns from her place on the bench with a small smile.
By 3 am he simply can’t take it anymore. He spent the last hour listening to the echoes of Sherlock’s restless footsteps on that big carpet. They’re but whispers of sounds but they call out to him like a siren. He knows what this is. He’d heard this mix of sounds many times in his first tenure at Baker Street. This is a sad, troubled Sherlock, unable to calm down. He used to spend night after night listening to that Sherlock from his old bedroom, itching yet not allowed to help.
And teach him she did. Ella was nothing if not a professional, and he found the tools she gave him quite helpful.
“John, I’m going to read you a quote from my first ever session with Sherlock. I've asked Sherlock’s permission to do this, of course.” Sherlock nods in agreement and David looks down at his notes. “‘John Watson is the most important person in my life. He’s invaluable and irreplaceable.’”
Sherlock stares out the window for a long time. “Quite right.” The detective nods with solemn finality, accepting John’s decision.
“You men are too proud to admit that, but you must be nervous.” She says. “I know I was. I was terrified. I kept thinking, ‘
“Is it ever?” he grumbles, aware of the housekeeper creeping onto the veranda. He doesn’t have a chance to oblige their well-rehearsed Friday morning conversation.
“Yes, I did. I was worried she'd slip under the radar. That she’ll show up in London, take Rosie away,” Sherlock says.
He likes to think he’s a simple man. Minimalistic, they call it these days. He doesn’t need, doesn’t ask for much. He doesn’t think it’s too much to ask to not pass your life watching your loved ones die, is it?
“I believe the purpose of it is to heal fractured relationships, “Sherlock says. “Preserving the peace at one’s home.”
Later, John receives a mountain of photos from Sherlock. Some are selfies, some are group photos. John looks at all of them, happy to see Sherlock smile in more than a couple.
Now it is Saturday, according to his phone. He doesn’t need a clock to recognize the early evening light as it hits the dresser.
Disappointed and hurt, Sherlock's heart hardened. If John thought it was appropriate to leave for London without a text or a call, Sherlock wouldn't bother chasing him.
When Sherlock dismisses him, Lyons hands Sherlock his business card and straightens his back nervously. “Well, if you won’t take payment at least let me invite you to be my guest on opening night. And dinner, maybe.”
Sholto. I’m no longer a Major, you know that. And I’m sure you have access to the case files if you’re that curious.”
“I see.” John nods, seeing where Sherlock is going with that. “I can be the good doctor coming to his rescue.”
The name drags him away from the letters on paper in front of him; the sharp reaction garners him a scowl from his wife.
Mary looks down at her phone, then back up at the woman about to enter the loos of the quiet shopping centre. The woman’s distinctive strawberry-red hair, tied up, gives her away immediately.
So enraptured is he with John’s unspoken words, he doesn’t notice that the other man is getting closer and closer until his lips rest on Sherlock for a soft, hesitant kiss.
"I said no," Sherlock admits breathlessly, pausing as he waits for John's anger to erupt at the mere suggestion of leaving again.
John shuts the door and watches David’s figure disappearing into the night, breathing hard when he’s sure David can’t see his reaction. In a second of fleeting recognition, he shoves the earpiece he’d been wearing all night into the glove compartment.
John is about to speak when they’re interrupted. Gabriel’s assistant is jogging towards them, looking hesitantly over her shoulder.
“Honestly, what?” He prods when Sherlock doesn’t elaborate. “‘Cause I didn’t. I wasn’t hoping to. Never particularly liked children, really. But then Mary…” He shrugs. “I’m glad for it. She’s beautiful and lovely and every time I look at her I’m happy she’s here, but…”
Sherlock rarely listens to people telling half-baked stories about army mates, but he listened when John told them. They offered a glimpse into the man, into the mystery. A chance to be a part of his life in all the ways he never could be.
“How can you not be tired? You should be exhausted by now. They should study you.” John says and they giggle.
“Yes, yes. Used to live around here before I got married,” John says. “Tried other groups but Michael, he’s the best.”
John’s face crumples in pain and he looks down at the floor, and now it’s Sherlock who wishes the ground would open beneath his feet. But then John lifts his head, shaking it in disbelief, and a guilty giggle fills the room, high-pitched and beautiful.
“He was.” Sherlock nods with his heart in his throat, handing John the laptop. “But then three hours ago, she sent this.”
“Sir, I often wondered that myself.” David shakes his head in disbelief. “No, what’s more—I prayed for that. They’d tortured me for years on end. There were weeks I couldn’t remember my own name. Death would have been a kindness. But they weren’t kind people.”
Sherlock is wearing casual clothes John doesn’t recognize. Form-fitting jeans and a tight, light dark-blue jumper. John takes his fill, enjoying the view. He wants to remember him looking like this till the day he dies.
“That’s weird if we do consider he’d had other clients that day, based on the amount of cash he was carrying.”
And then it all happens in a flash; David jumps Aldridge like a vicious animal. He punches him forcefully, brutally, despite his drunken state. Eyes burning with anger; he holds on to Aldridge’s coat and shakes him like a ragdoll.
In his hands, John held two large duffle bags. His shoulders slouched with a mixture of shame and guilt.
They walk in silence, reaching the high street. Sherlock’s eyes wander across a book store’s window display, his eyes stopping at one of the titles. John encourages him to go in and browse.
That makes 0% sense to me, so let's use our imagination and ignore the entire scene. My guess is that Mark Gatiss lost the show bible the day he wrote that scene. If you have a better explanation, Mark Gatiss, feel free to comment. I'm open to discussion.
A group of loud teenagers pulls him away from the memory. He looks at them, begrudging the interruption. They’re enjoying the rare opportunity of this Christmas-like snow; throwing snowballs, chasing each other. Their mood is such a contrast to his.
“Having great doctors is never the same as having a loved one with you in the hospital. You were hospitalized, you ought to know that yourself.”
John wouldn’t go back happily, but there is a baby. He’s a good man, a man who keeps his word, and he wouldn’t have felt comfortable neglecting a child.
This is my fifth fic ever, and my first foray into a case fic (found it very scary to write one so far). The case is
A thoroughly unperturbed John has driven away from the main road and down a smaller, bumpy lane heading towards the head of a great cliff. There are no visitors during this season. It’s a cold weekday afternoon with only crying seagulls gliding about.
“We’ll know when we hear it,” Mycroft responds. “Your job will be to gain his trust, get him to open up, talk about things he may have chosen not to disclose to Sherlock or his investigators upon his return.”
“Some pain at this stage is still normal, Mr. Holmes, as long as it’s manageable,” Dr. Levinson says. “You don’t lose points for pain.”
He watches Rosie and Sherlock leave the shop and walk towards the kerb, hand in hand. Sherlock hails a cab.
“Nothing,” Sherlock says, looking away. That’s a lie. He’s been staring for the good part of five minutes now.
Sherlock scans the office impatiently as Lestrade digs through mountains of paperwork, grunting when he finds what he’s seeking and passing it to Sherlock without a word.
He wonders when the suitcases will be pulled from under John’s bed, packed for his triumphant return to Mary's flat.
The look they exchanged contained everything they ever needed to say to each other. None of it could be helped right now. Their friendship had reached a breaking point; it couldn't be repaired anymore.
“Then don’t worry. Reporting him to his superior was a clever move, though I’d advise not pulling another trick like that again,” she says coolly. “You-know-who was there when Edwin personally dismissed your friend from the service. He's out of the game.”
He sighs and places the phone back on the bedside table, staring at the ceiling. Mycroft had said Sherlock wouldn’t be available at first. John thinks he’d mentioned two weeks. But John never expects Sherlock to actually listen to anything so… institutional. Follow Protocol. Bureaucracy. Proper behavior.
He’d ignore Harry, mostly. Look back from under his lashes when the mood would strike him, chatting him up one time just for practice. There was nothing particularly interesting about him; he’d spared everyone’s well-being when he avoided mentioning the man’s inclination towards Japanese mermen sex dolls. He’d learned long ago that was the sort of information one should treasure for a special occasion.
Putting John first, as always. John saw Sherlock’s silence, his intensity since this case started, and read it as jealousy. But it was fear, it was protectiveness. Wasn’t it?
“I’m not dismissing how it must have felt for you, growing up. Not at all.” John continues. “But I’d been down that road when Mary died. I looked at Rosie and I felt nothing for her. I felt like a ghost. Thank god she was too young to remember but if it wasn’t for-- I’m not sure I would be a much better parent today.”
“That’s it?” he asks him and smiles bitterly. “That’s all I get? You’ve been gone for nearly a year, Sherlock. How about ‘hello’?”
“I may not be myself, Al, whatever that means, but I’m smart enough to see that you’re… that we… you’re drowning in debt, love. You’re barely making ends meet.”
“Are you still taking your antidepressants?” the doctor asks. “How’s your mood these days, generally?”
It’s definitely Sherlock—who else could it be? But everything about him is just plain foreign. He’d thought he’d seen Sherlock in every condition possible during their time as flatmates; anxious, sleepy, letting his hair grow long, cutting his curls too short. In sleepwear and robes and towels and his tailored suits. But never this.
If John thought he’d ever known the meaning of calm, of belonging, of feeling connected to this world, he’d been wrong.
The car rolls into a large shed connected to the main house by a tall brick passage. The driver opens the door for John and he steps out, stuffing his hands in his pockets.
“To pray,” he sighs, but before Sherlock has a chance to say anything, David’s finger twitches unnaturally. It’s the same twitch Sherlock pointed out on video to Mycroft—the one that made him send Mycroft to his useless cryptographer friend.
“This is an undercover assignment, and an unofficial one at that,” Mycroft says pointedly. “When was the last time you checked your blog, Dr. Watson?”
. And we have a baby on the way but no crib or blankets or, erm—” he stutters, “whatever this thing is!”
“Please don’t think this performance marks the peak of my abilities.” John says, only half-joking. “I do have some impressive tricks up my sleeve.”
He wanted Mary to find out, to read the texts, or see a secret smile while he was reading one of them. He wanted her to feel hurt and betrayed like he was hurt by her sticking a bullet in Sherlock.
“They never found his body, did they? So where is he? He couldn’t have just disappeared,” John says. “He must have gone underground again somehow. If David’s turned, he’s getting his orders from someone, isn’t he?”
“Gabriel just rang Alexander back. He told him he’s held up and won’t be able to come so he’s sending an associate instead.”
“Uh.” Sherlock gasps, surprised by the sensation. “More.” His fingers tighten around John’s waist as John rubs his thigh back and forth, gently.  “More…” Sherlock’s head falls backward, dizzy with sensation.
“Yes. A GP.” John nods. “Not as exciting as patching a bloke up in the desert sands of Helmand, but it pays the rent.”
“It’s not their job,” Sherlock says, his top lip twitching unnaturally. “And it’s not your job, either.”
He didn’t know what to expect when he started following Smithy around but now, he realizes, he's actually relieved. In fact, in a way, this is encouraging. He’s probably being taken to one of Sherlock’s boltholes.
Drunk, lonely, staggering. Is this what his life would have looked like if he’d not run into Mike, if he hadn’t taken Mike’s offer to meet a possible flatmate? He only ever agreed because he had nothing better to do that day.
It’s a rabbit hole even he, a man who chose to spend his life chasing criminals in the deepest, darkest recesses of London, wishes he’d never gone down.
He imagines Sherlock is horrified. No need to imagine. Sherlock had escaped immediately. David had looked at John with raised eyebrows, as if expecting an explosion (
“What do you think I’ve been doing while I’ve been locked up here?” Sherlock snorts. “I’ll need Billy.”
His alarm clock wakes him at 05:30. He blinks in confusion, disoriented in an unknown room. An empty room.
“Yes.” John sniffs in anger, his dangerous smile appearing. “I also know you called him paranoid and erratic while conspiring behind his back with an ex. We had a saying in Afghanistan, you know.
“I’d like to talk about Mary,” David pronounces. He’s about as gentle as an elephant in a china shop.
They didn’t hurt him too badly. He’d had it much worse before. But he was blindsided, and very thankful for the good Samaritan that threatened to call the police. He limped back to his hideout, his pride wounded.
The bench in the photo I linked to is in Volendam. It's exactly how I imagine where Sherlock is. However, Volendam watches over the Markermeer lake and not the North Sea. But this is the image you should have in mind.
, turns up dead not fifteen minutes from where you spent last night, with your phone turned off and no proof of your whereabouts,” Mycroft says. “What is it that we say about coincidences, Sherlock?”
“Chicken Ruby,” John says, raising the bag of food like a peace offering. He sits down and unpacks the content of the bags wordlessly, feeling the heat of Sherlock’s stare. He realizes, now for the third time since he’d laid his eyes on Sherlock, that the man’s altered appearance makes his stomach flutter in a way he hadn’t felt in years—since their first days together, when John still had to get used to the beautiful creature who’d stepped into his life.
“Indeed.” Sherlock nods. “Farah was considered a relatively lower-risk compound, and it was their last assignment before the end of that tour.”
“We’ll take this one. As is. Decorations and all.” John hears Sherlock’s baritone voice from the other side of the Christmas tree shop. They only came inside to browse for Rosie’s sake; he didn’t think they’d actually buy one.
“Alex?” She shakes her. “No, actually. Haven’t seen him in a while. Is Mr. Sholto alright? He’s a nice man.”
"No," Sherlock replies quietly, then smiles at the phone as if genuinely considering it. "Not a bad idea though."
“There you go, deep long breaths,” John says as he scans the man’s face and hands with a quick, experienced look. They left through the back entrance to the pub, standing with their backs against the alley wall.
“And when they push back our politicians act like it’s come from nowhere,” the group leader continues, “so they can pass laws restricting our freedoms and order new attacks against the so-called terrorists, and guess what? The cycle of violence goes on.”
In the past six weeks, John Watson had been suffering from a significant increase in his nightmares. The severity of the nightmares had also increased. They'd been living together long enough for Sherlock to have data for comparison.
The small mirror in the loos is cracked, a thick vein of dereliction running across it. Still functional enough to serve its purpose, though; reflecting back just how exhausting the last 48 hours had been. Quite a fête it was. The Escape from Gaza: one for the books, only this is a story that will never be written but go down in history with the rest of history’s best intelligence operations.
“His scars, did you know about them?” John says and gestures towards the screen. “You weren’t surprised when you saw them.”
“Text him back and tell him the truth,” Sherlock says. “Say that you can’t make it tomorrow after all. I’d rather we stick with our original plan. I want David surprised, out of his element.”
Sherlock doesn’t miss a beat. He crashes his lips to John’s; the kisses are hungry and fierce and they cling to each other as if their lives depend on it.
“How do you mean?” Sherlock’s voice is cool and tired, obviously exhausted from the emotional toll of the conversation.
Most men don’t wake up with a start wondering whether this will be the day he finds that his wife has finally left him behind; unsure whether to be relieved or disappointed when he finds her there still. He reckons that’s why he sleeps on the sofa, expecting to hear her as she leaves.
He freezes when he recognizes that voice. Turning around, he sees Sherlock leaning against Mycroft’s desk, his arms crossed.
Sherlock paces the room, his magnifying glass in hand as he examines every inch of Khoury’s body and the interrogation desk.
,” Sherlock says. “I think it would make sense if someone like you might run into him there. A war veteran who just happens to be in the area.”
He hears the door to the sitting room open whilst he collects his toiletries and packs for their Christmas visit.
You'll notice this story stops at the end of The Lying Detective and doesn't continue into The Final Problem, and that's because (if you'll pardon my French) I fucking hate The Final Problem. Not going into that fuckfest in my first fic ever.
John and Lestrade rush to catch up with him but wait till they leave the building before they speak.
“What did I lose my bloody leg for? Why did my sister bury her husband? Who sends their best soldiers to make sure little Afghan girls go to school?” Aldridge continues and points at David. “And when did
What a man this family had lost, he realizes and shakes his head to himself. What a terrible loss for Sherlock; losing a grounding anchor in the midst of the raging sea that is this family. Who will ever be able to make it up to him? Of course there’s Mycroft, but Sherlock’ always resented him. He’s the brother, and a brother is very different from a parent.
“But your lifelong experience in creating relationships with other people, is something that Sherlock doesn’t have. He lacks the experiences you and many of us have. Add to that the many complicating factors of his family’s history with his sister. Sherlock’s been fighting against above average odds at making any success in this field.”
“Well, alright,” John says, bucking up. “Somebody else will turn up. If what you say about Stewart is true there must be others out there.”
“I’m up for anything, Sherlock.” John says. He turns to look at Sherlock again, closely. His voice is soft when he continues. “I’ll go anywhere with you, you know that.”
“If Stewart has indeed been turned, he sits on a literal treasure trove of operational information. Contacts, assets, MOs, though it’s fair to assume—rather inadvertently.” Edwin clears his throat uncomfortably, to John’s surprise. “My guess would be that given the Corporal’s behavior so far, there might still be a chance to use the benefit of your…
Sherlock finally directs his full attention to Billy’s words, the seemingly ordinary piece of information causing him to frown. Of course Alison would buy David a phone - who knows if David even had one when he left for Afghanistan, and even if he did, it’s long gone. But If Alison had bought David a phone, it means she doesn’t know about the one David had purchased for himself earlier that week at ASDA. David had bought it with cash—cash Sherlock isn’t sure how he’d got, and clearly, he’s hiding it from Alison.
’,” he says, running a hand through his hair uncomfortably, “is working on an exposé showing that your own ancestors wouldn't have passed the merit test going back four generations.”
“Of course you hate the suburbs.” Sherlock laughs still. “You, John Watson, were not meant for the suburbs.”
He sighs as he prepares Rosie for the day. As he drops her off at nursery school and texts her minder, letting her know she might be needed for the evening.
John closes his laptop with a sigh. He’s in his old room in Baker Street, where he’s been spending his mornings with Sherlock this week, taking a few days off from the surgery.
They pass the rest of the evening quietly, barely speaking. Eventually, Sherlock wakes Mrs. Hudson up, and they leave for Baker Street.
Over his shoulder, Sherlock glances back at him, his eyes narrow and accusatory. John's breath catches, a faint sense of defiance creeping up his chest, challenging Sherlock to say more, to question him, his choices, his heart.
As a dazed looking soldier progresses slowly onto the stage, the clicks of cameras increase. With ginger-blond hair and a square jaw, the Corporal is a tall, imposing man. His wife's hand in his, they look around, as if unsure how they ended up there. Cameras flashing around them, they look uncomfortable and exposed. John can't imagine how it must feel to reunite after such a long time, technically strangers, after being certain one of you was—
“Out, Sherlock, before I shove you off the stairs myself.” Lestrade shakes his head, mid-chew on a pastry as his eyes rest on the consulting detective perched languidly over the old, rickety chair. The sour scent of the Met’s notorious coffee fills Sherlock’s nostrils, and he has to fight down the always-there nausea.
“My people, Sherlock?” Mycroft whispers. “You know very well I can’t trust my own people with this. If what you’re saying is true there’s a chance someone from Mossad or even our end planted that information for you to end up there.”
In the dim lights of their kitchen, David clears his throat, fresh from a warm shower, as he scans Alison's laptop for the results.
“Please, Dr. Watson,” Edwin says, pointing at a chair. Mycroft nods in reinforcement of the other man’s message. “We won’t take too much of your time.”
“It still belongs to someone,” John says suddenly, and Sherlock turns to look at him in surprise. “The necklace. It wasn’t mine—well, ours, but someone might still like to have it.”
John senses, more than sees or hears, Sherlock’s approaching storm as he enters the bolthole hours later. The man had left yelling at Mycroft about incompetence and somebody dying.
As far as he can tell, Ernie Sutton and John’s father never even knew Sister Sofie; their names aren’t mentioned or hinted at as being on the suspect list. He can’t think of the nun running in the same social circles as the outlier Sutton and John’s father—neither of the Watson children were at Sixth Form age at the time. What’s more, and perhaps more importantly, Mrs. Poole was surprised by the suggestion when contacted about it.
“Henry said this might happen,” she says, rubbing his hands. “That you shouldn’t leave the house alone—”
“Good, now that we’re all settled,” Edwin says, nodding at Mycroft, “let’s get right to it, shall we?”
It’s Rosie duty for John that Tuesday. He makes a point of taking them both out for a much needed walk, hoping to avoid the silence that’s become a sort of a fourth tenant in their home. The air outside is crisp and cold, but the sun has been gracing London with warmth all day. The park is full of parents and children, taking the opportunity to soak up every hint of heat before the lower temperatures descend on the city.
” he continued and groaned as the shovel hit the ground again, and he fell down, his body giving in, “
Mrs. Poole turns around with her whole body, evidently thankful for John’s kindness. “Right, of course.”
After Mary died, Sherlock met up with Ella for a while. She helped him through a critical time and then apologized to Sherlock, saying she’s compromising both his treatment and John’s by meeting with both. They’re too close to each other, and she felt she was crossing a professional line. She was the one who recommended David. Mycroft was on board and attained the access required for Sherlock.
Sholto.” He barks, then ducks his head apologetically. “This pen. He gave it to me when I was finally able to sign my name properly. It took us years of...
“The clinic has rooms for four different therapists but only Gabriel’s is furnished and occupied. He’s the only one accepting patients here right now. There’s an expensive espresso machine but it’s broken and dusty. There are plastic water bottles next to it with plastic cups - a distinguished establishment like this will only offer that as a temporary solution until the espresso machine is fixed. But it hadn’t worked in months, never fixed or replaced since it broke down. I also caught a glimpse of Gabriel’s agenda on your screen. James is only one of two patients scheduled for the day.”
“According to the book I read, Watson should be able to mimic complex facial expressions by now,” Sherlock explains while staring into Rosie’s eyes.
“True,” Saul nods. “And I personally offered your government to take him off their hands. He’s fucking brilliant.”
He smiles again, the warmth in the cabin soothing his mind and body as he relaxes against the uncomfortable chair. If he closes his eyes and tries hard enough, he can imagine this night as one of those many years ago in Baker Street, when John and he were just getting to know each other.
Sherlock tears the edges of the envelope, pulling out a thin bundle of stapled papers. He looks up at John with puzzled eyes after a quick scan of thefirst paragraph. “What’s—”
“He was always like that, even before we left Musgrave. Lived in his own head, never really shared anything. Things were different back then for children like him, you know. The diagnoses, the teachers. Even doctors didn't really know what to say about him.”
“We were so young when I left. And she… she was everything to me. I’m an orphan. She was my first real family. And I... used to think I was invincible. You know, I had my whole life ahead of me,” David says. “I found this beautiful girl, and she looked at me like I was her whole world. Like I was the best thing that ever happened to her. I promised I’d give her everything she deserved. That’s the whole bloody reason I left for Afghanistan in the first place.”
“I have a report about him here.” Lestrade points at the screen, as if in disbelief. “He’s.. being questioned as a potential suspect in a murder.”
“And Aldridge threatened to sanction you,” Sherlock says, the pieces of the puzzle falling into place.
“I rather hoped you’d be the one to tell me.” She shakes her head sadly. “If there was ever anyone, anything, he never told us.”
I always found it strange that Moftiss had Mary call herself a secretary in T6T. She's a nurse, not a secretary, but I went along with it here for the sake of the story.
"Nobody asked you to," Sherlock says coldly, and leaned in even closer to John's face. "If I'd like to spend my time as a 'sitting duck' it's my right to do so, John. I'm so very good at it by now," Sherlock said scathingly as he prepared for his coup de grâce. "I've been doing that since the day I met
“I didn’t lie.” Alexander shakes his head in protest. “I didn’t tell him because… he needed professional help and I honestly thought Gabriel was the best person for the job. I still do. He’s top in his field.”
The problem is it’s not only David that Sherlock is getting a glimpse into going through this trove of documents.
“Yes, yours,” Mycroft says, but is interrupted by Sherlock clearing his throat. “Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure about getting you involved in this, but I think your army experience can prove quite valuable.”
“Right.” John says, his anger subsiding. “I’m an idiot, as always. I’m sorry. I really am, Sherlock.”
Mycroft frowns as he opens the door and closes it behind him for a short moment. He then opens it again and signals Sherlock to follow him. Sherlock steps outside and sees Anthea at the end of the hall. She leads them out of the building and to the outskirts of the base. They finally stop by a great, ancient tree.
Right now Sherlock’s body language signals John to leave him alone. A hug is probably the last thing Sherlock wants.
Sherlock blinks uncomfortably for a stretching, calculating moment. “You were here with Rosamund yesterday.”
“Wait, who are we talking about again?” John’s voice is still rough from slumber, his hair sticking out in every direction.
He’s holding her up by her small hands, helping her take a few wobbly steps as he closes his eyes and tilts his head to the sky. The combination of the sun caressing his face on this surprisingly warm day and Rosie’s little fingers brings a measure of calm he feels so rarely.
“He used to volunteer reading children's books at the hospital. We’d pick the books and the store owner would donate them. They asked him to come back every year. He was the children’s favourite. Must have been something about his voice. I think they liked it.”
“Of course I’m sure.” Sherlock huffs and speaks further as he turns to walk towards the rental car. "You'll have Nathan Black's murderer in a holding cell by tonight."
John picks up his pace, wanting to be closer to Sherlock. He huddles next to him, absorbing his warmth. Their shoulders brush as they walk; they’re so close. John’s voice is low and Sherlock leans closer to listen.
"I saw plenty of close friends, important friends, die. I don't think I'll be able to..." John trailed off, lowering his head.
“James, hi.” John says hesitantly as he speaks to the voicemail. He didn’t know voicemails still existed. “Hi, it’s John. John Watson. I’m... I’m not sure what to say, how to thank you. I… I just saw the email from Women’s Solace. That was incredibly generous, I’m not sure I deserve it.”
“People knew my uncle was sniffing around. He received a number of anonymous letters claiming my stepfather was blackmailing her, threatening to expose things about our father. My uncle went to the police with all these... all this evidence. But there was no physical evidence tying him to the crime scene. It was all circumstantial, they said. She never pressed any charges against him, never said anything about violence to anyone. Harry and I... we were horrified. We lived with them that whole time. We had no idea any of this was happening. There were never any bruises, we never heard her calling for help. Didn’t see her cry. I swear, Sherlock. I never saw anything. She was going through all of these horrible things... And we…”
“There will be additional debriefs during your stay here, but we’ll try to make this one long and conclusive. The rest of your time here will include acclimation support, freshening up on military knowledge and additional re-training.”
John looks at Sherlock and speaks. “My biggest regret is that you never saw her for whom she really was before we got married.”
David has been staring out the kitchen window for a long while, watching the last cohort of reporters still determined enough to wait outside the couple’s house. Alison has used her ties with Captain Mason to demand that security is put outside their home to keep the press away, but bureaucracy seems to be slowing that down.
“Abu Nazir is a man notorious for playing the long game. What we’re seeing right now is the foundations being laid, the actors in a play assembling.”
Around midnight, Sherlock calls and they’re talking comfortably. Sherlock tells him his most recent idea for making John happy (
With a sigh of relief, she goes into the kitchen to make a cup of tea for herself. “What about you?”
“After everything I just told you?” David says. “The stuff I told you could send me to prison for an entire lifetime!”
“I suspect she’s an only child, as well as an orphan.” Sherlock nods, deep in thought. “I don’t think that part was a lie.”
While they’re waiting for their appointment, John is thrown back to a conversation he had with Sherlock while Mary was on the run. Sherlock had suggested John and Mary visit a counsellor together when she returned to work on their “issues”. John remembers laughing at the mere thought.
“Of course you did.” John exhales loudly. It’s finally out there. “Is he the first bloke to kiss you?”
“Let me—” She lifts her eyes to look at him, then turns him around to look at his scarred back. “Oh my G—”
“Speaking in front of audiences, reading a room, is something I find quite difficult.” John nods and his memory takes him back to his wedding and Sherlock’s speech. “It’s very taxing and it inevitably ends badly for everyone involved,” Sherlock adds with a shy smile.
This isn’t the first time John has seen Sherlock being eye-balled, of course not. John’s well-equipped for that. He has his game face on.
“I—” he starts, the automatic denial right there on the tip of his tongue, though he knows it’s wrong. “I’m just… trying to be the voice of reason here, Sherlock. You do need that sometimes. You know you do.”
“John's father was sacked from Essex police during his last weeks of apprenticeship in 1969,” Sherlock says. “That’s not very common, in my understanding.”
Now though, knowing what he knows about Sherlock's father, things seem even impossibly sadder. He can only imagine how devastating the diagnosis must have been for Sherlock's mother shortly after learning about Eurus.
“I’m not here for a case,” he says. “Do you have any friends in your organization’s poor excuse of an Inspectorate?”
, he finally admits to himself, his heart in his throat. For some reason, one that maybe is supposed to be very clear to him but isn’t, he’d done something wrong and now Sherlock is taking every measure possible to avoid him.
Sherlock can't seem to grasp the concept of willingly leaving John Watson behind; he never imagines a day might come where he’ll need to save the Watsons from
“Of course they bloody won!” David hisses at John with a surprising amount of anger. “They had me for nine years. They wanted to destroy me. Yeah, I came back, but what now? What do I do now? Why would she have kids with me? What kind of future can she have with a man who can barely stand her touch on his skin? I can’t stand her touching me, mate. It makes my skin crawl.”
“And I have an erection to maintain.” He purrs in the other man’s ear. “I’m not a young man anymore. Waste not want not, darling.”
John steps quietly into the suite of rooms he’d found the night before. The room is dark but for the distinctive blue light of electronics projecting in every direction and giving it an ethereal sense. John’s breath catches when he sees the man, his usually proud form now hunched over one screen with his headphones on.
John heads to the kitchen, rumpled and blurry. He stops in his tracks when he sees a thick, brown envelope on the kitchen table.
, he works himself up as they walk down the halls leading to Mycroft’s office. He sees the man standing by the door to his office, waiting for him.
John and Sherlock were riding back to London, finalizing their (very minimal) plans for Christmas Eve. The mood was comfortable; Sherlock was moved by the sign of life his father gave by squeezing John’s hand.
“Hello?” Lottie asks again when her image finally shows up on her screen. “Oh, there you are. Hello!”
The following weeks drag on, similar to the ones before their conversation. They talk, they solve cases, they have dinners. Every once in a while Sherlock notifies John of a plan or his unavailability for a day or an evening and sometimes a weekend.
“Dr. Watson.” Edwin walks in, nearly knocking John on his head with the door in the process; Mycroft’s not far behind him. “Nice of you to join us.”
John feels the need to belong, to make himself a part of the experience. He picks up his phone and aims for a selfie that includes himself, Rosie, and the YouTube video. Later when he’s in bed, he attaches the photo to a text.
“I know it doesn’t look good, John!” Sherlock raises his voice in frustration, unable to look John in the eyes. “You’re not the only one who can read a medical chart!”
“Monday evening’s not good. I’ve got a…” David says, sneaking a glance at a tight lipped Alison, who’s been sitting and listening too. “Group thing.”
“You look like crap.” He steps into the room slowly, surveying his surroundings. No food. A few plastic cups scattered around. “When was the last time you slept?”
With his mind made up, Sherlock nods again, remembering John’s call from a couple of minutes ago. He’d text him back, but the battery is running low.
“Well they’re quite boring, these two, aren’t they?” Billy complains. “I think the more important question is, when‘re you gonna buy me an iPhone?”
John is silent at first, cooperative. What choice does he have? Sherlock is working on his issues. When John was seeing Ella, he didn’t share any of it with Sherlock, did he?
John’s lips turn into a straight line. He knows he’s about to be incredibly misunderstood by everyone involved.
“It’s not my job to fix him. Nor anybody else, for that matter.” Sherlock purses his lips at the jibe.  “What?”
Sherlock braces himself, the words he's about to speak harsh and painful. "I suppose you two deserved each other. Brave enough to hurt me, but never to apologize."
"There is a gap in the timeline. Until late 2013, intelligence agencies were receiving reports about his movements throughout Afghanistan and Pakistan," Sherlock explains. "But that stopped mid-2014. Complete radio silence. It’s almost as if he and his people disappeared altogether.”
His daughter is not an average two year old. She's the product of an angry, grumpy soldier and the notoriously incomparable (
“I had no idea, James.” Alexander begs, tears in his eyes. “I… I had no idea. I swear. I’m so sorry.”
“Well,” Mrs. Poole says rather decidedly, patting her legs in discomfort, “I feel like such a fool now for bothering you.”
“I’ve been remembering things about him recently. I spent most of my life thinking I never really knew him but... Some things are coming back to me. I think I… I think I deleted a lot more than just Eurus.”
” John whispers, the sensation electrifying his body. He wets his own palm quickly, though he feels the moisture of pre-cum already. His first pull is hesitant, gentle; he finds his courage when Sherlock’s back arches at the sensation, keening. John presses their foreheads together, spreading sloppy kisses on Sherlock’s face. He can see the internal battle inside Sherlock’s head; his body’s need for relief fighting with his always-busy brain.
“It’s alright,” David says, patting her back and breaking the hug. He grabs her shoulders. “I wanted to… Can we… Is there anywhere we can speak in private?”
“You heard Lestrade, John.” Sherlock asks coldly. “Something about the timing of your dinner is suspicious. Can’t you see that?”
David squints and shuts his eyes tightly, but that only serves to bring on a nagging whistling he can’t seem to shake off from somewhere in the distance, like a drone hovering over the building. He feels a throb of anxiety twisting somewhere in his lower belly, so he takes a deep breath, hoping to nip the panic attack in the bud.
Looking at himself in the mirror before he leaves the room, he wonders what Sherlock will deduce about him when they finally meet.
"Shouldn’t you be picking Rosie up?" Sherlock asks as he nods a thank you to the bartender, standing up to put his phone in his pocket. John stares at the bar, hearing the dismissal and choking on a response.
They’re the perfect suburban family; moved in about a year ago. Edward, the head of the family, is a prominent banker - Tall, handsome, with a head full of hair and white teeth (“They swing. He enjoys extreme bondage.” Sherlock stage-whispered once and John shrugged. Doesn’t everyone these days? “He’s Pro-Brexit.” Sherlock added and John huffed in righteous disgust, feeling vindicated.)
But there’s nothing for it. He has to delve into these documents if he wishes to understand David. He knows what he knows; David was candid in their time together at Gaza, and during some of those long, sleepless nights at that safehouse David had managed to coax some of Sherlock’s own secrets. David didn’t know his real name, his real occupation—but he knew well enough to recognize a damaged soul, not least in thanks to the scars on Sherlock’s own body.
He’s distracted when two voices travel their way, getting closer and closer. Mrs. Holmes and Rosie are up and they're having a lively chat as they move around the kitchen.
“Because nobody knows how or why he and his men ended up in Gaza in the first place,” Sherlock says. “It’s odd: an unusual place for Afghan faction leaders. Too small, too crowded; it's Hamas' territory, and they're hardly welcoming."
The flat is silent but for the soft breathing sounds coming through the baby monitor. She’s a bit old for that - she’s been sleeping full nights for a long time now - but the flat's walls are thick and he doesn’t always hear her when she calls for him.
It’s all the answer John needs when Sherlock turns to look at the evidence wall wordlessly. John’s chair creaks loudly as he leans back with a heavy sigh, looking away.
“I don’t know, inertia? Power of habit?” He wonders to himself just as much as he speaks. “I didn’t think I had other options.”
“I’m sure you’re right,” Mycroft says. “The minute she so much as drives past his house she’ll be upgraded to level three.”
“He would loot. Steal. Small things, packets of cigarettes. Personal belongings from villages we’d pass through,” David says. “It wasn’t right. You don’t do that.”
“They say the Seychelles is lush this time of year,” she goes on, applying something powdery and ghastly-looking to his face. “My boyfriend’s surprise-proposing this Christmas—
“Just that… People expect these great words of wisdom out of me. The press, they’re hounding the house waiting to hear what I have to say,” David says. “This bloke came over the other day. I say bloke. He was Chief of General Staff ages ago. He runs this organization now that helps veterans stand for Parliament. Says I’ll be perfect for it. That I’ll represent veterans in government like nobody else can.”
“Looks nice,” John blurts, unable to stop the words from leaving his mouth. Sherlock turns to look at him, confused.
“No,” John shakes his head and moves away from the light, hoping to not be recognized. “No. Just happened upon him in the loos, thought he could use some help.”
John looks at the building on the other side of the road one last time and, with a sigh, turns the key in the ignition hole. Suddenly, in the corner of his eye, he catches a slight movement and his heart bounces with excitement, adrenaline rushing through his veins.
“He might be considering it.” Tahir nods. “And according to General Spencer, the Corporal specifically mentioned he was a fan of your political career, so the General made a call.”
“How about a proper breakfast?” She asks and John tries to insist it’s not necessary but she has none of it. She gets started on it and doesn’t allow John to help.
John expects a scathing remark about how paradise is a fictional location created by idiots to provide comfort and what-not. Sherlock surprises him.
John spent the majority of his life feeling untethered, unattached. Knowing that a man like Sherlock Holmes considered him his family brought a new sense of purpose to his days back then. It gives him the same sense of purpose now.
Either way, Mycroft and Eva need a few days to ‘reconvene’, send their assets across the city to learn what exactly happened and recalculate their steps.
“Come on, come one, come on,” he mumbles impatiently as the video rewinds, his heart nearly bursting with surprise when David’s figure suddenly appears next to Alison, moving in reverse throughout the house.
After being dragged out of the mortuary, John is thrown into a small, dark room to await the police. His knuckles are stiff and stained with Sherlock’s blood.
He blinks once, twice, as if waking from a lucid dream—or just a very realistic nightmare. Turning his eyes up at the sky again, the cloudless spectre blinding him, he searches for the aeroplane.
“Do you… do you want some tea? Do you still take it with four spoons of sugar?” she asks with a teasing smile.
It feels like time stopped here. It probably did, the minute William dropped to the floor without a word.
“What do they do in their free time in Orpington, do you reckon?” she asks distractedly, already lost in her inbox.
John closes his eyes in defeat. She’s right, of course, she’s right. “When that happened, did that diminish his importance?”
“You’ve been flying under my radar, too, Sherlock. Since the day we met. You know you have.” John says, his voice low.
“But it’s not true, Sherlock. You of all people are aware of the number of limitless resources that exist to save a man’s life. You have access to all different kinds of law enforcement forces, as well as covert organizations. There are safe houses, legal measures that can be exercised.”
John, of course, doesn’t sleep. How can he, feeling the way he does and knowing the man he loves feels the same downstairs. The hours move frustratingly slowly, but he doesn’t get up. He wouldn’t know what to say anyway.
“I know the feeling.” John says. “Feeling as if you’re nothing but a ghost. Like you’re letting your child down. That’s exactly how I felt after Mary died.”
Unfortunately for the photographer, his rampant enthusiasm attracted the attention of the idiotic local police. It wasn't until they hit a dead end in their own investigation - if one should call bungling in confusion 'investigating' - that they contacted London. That's how Lestrade got involved. Sherlock had been recovering for months when the DI called. He and John had been ensconced in the flat in their usual solitary confinement, John acting as a human shield against any requests for Sherlock’s attention and time for the sake of healing.
The answer hangs in the air, innocent enough. Sherlock feels the heat of John’s gaze on his profile, waiting anxiously for him to dazzle them both with his ingenuity.
“Just keep doing what you’re doing right now.” John exhales and closes his eyes again. He leans his weight backwards, knowing Sherlock’s body will be there to break his fall. They stand like that for a long time, watching the world going on as usual.
"Solved it. It was the maintenance man at the fertility clinic. Admitted to fathering all 10 babies," Sherlock says. "Solved the case of who did it, though not of why one, let alone ten, women would have sex with a man who prides himself on watching Star Wars three hundred and sixty-eight times."
“I suspect one of my colleagues might be a mole, and I trust you well enough not to betray my brother and I,” Mycroft says. “Is that a good enough reason for you?”
Twenty minutes later Sherlock feels as if a light has turned on in his brain. He scans his surroundings, somewhat surprised—and yet not—to find himself in his current location.
“Of course. Of course. We can go again if you’d like. Soon.” He says and his smile is warm and honest. He thinks for another minute, then clears his throat.
“Oh now, we can’t have that.” The detective says as he grabs his toiletries from a bag beneath the bed and heads for the shower.
“I don’t remember being invited at any other time.” Sherlock says while staring out the window, his voice cold.
“That’s neither here nor there, Sherlock. Dementia takes years to develop, and there’s no way to prove what caused it in the first place. The PTSD diagnosis attached to the dementia one is just a guess, there’s no proof that’s what actually caused it. Given his age, he could have developed it even if he lived the perfect life.”
“The stones are supposed to imitate a birthstone. Garnet, for January, and Sapphire for September.” Mrs. Poole says hopefully.
“And you just had me exonerated, essentially taking away any reason for them to keep employing me much longer.” Taking a step towards Mycroft, Sherlock towers over him. “What are you playing at?”
“You had a full life here, Sherlock. You had friends. You stole Christmas crackers.” John smiles as Sherlock turns to look at him. He gestures towards the general direction of the village. “Did you just delete all of...
“That’s not true, David.” Alison says. “You’re still the wonderful man I fell in love with. I know you are. But you need help. Professional help. There are groups, therapists. Henry can arrange for a quick appointment–”
He’d surrounded himself with the two most impossibly observant people on the planet, but they’d never really seen
When he turns a random corner minutes after leaving the Royal Palace behind him, his eyes are drawn up, unable to ignore the majesty of the building.
“I’m… terribly sorry to disturb you, sir, but you gave me your card some time ago,” the Corporal speaks loudly over the sound of traffic. He can only imagine the man must be speaking while driving. “You said I should call you if I ever needed your help.”
"Probably." Sherlock spat back though he wasn't really paying attention to what his friend was saying.
“Have you heard Dr. Williams’ explanation? Do you have any questions?” Sherlock just shakes his head slowly and readjusts in his chair.
It's been two days since they came back to London. Mary and John are coping by being terribly polite and patient. They tiptoe around each other doing day to day things like shopping and bathing Rosie. Mary assumes they’re gearing up for a confrontation.
Sherlock grimaces at that, nodding again. “It did, after my asset insisted that something was wrong. It did seem wrong, as the British government was not aware of any soldiers being held captive. No faction has ever claimed responsibility for kidnapping them, nor have they asked for a ransom. David and Jonathan have always been considered MIA.”
Of course, the two of them are also itching to have the other all to themselves. Another night in the village suddenly seems like a lifetime before they get a chance to do the things they’d like to do to each other.
John’s nights are restless following the latest session at David’s. For so long, John assumed Sherlock was simply clueless or downright disinterested in relationships. That’s how he presented himself, claiming to be a frigid psychopath.
It was the right thing to do. His instincts were proven right a month after that wedding. That deadly, miserable triangle—John, Mary, Sherlock—had combusted once and would combust again.
"I’ll need my phone," Sherlock says, clearing his throat while running a hand through his messy hair. "And a few minutes to..."
As she pulls the balaclava further down her face she picks up the pace, finding her old American accent. She can’t risk being identified should one of them step into the clinic this weekend—high chance of that happening, seeing as the scared one is visibly pregnant.
“So not much to work with, for now.” The DI says and looks between Sherlock and John. “Not until he’s released from observation.”
And it’s Sherlock’s gaze, more than his blunt words, that obliterate every sensation of comfort John had felt since their conversation started. The air in the room sours as John stares at Sherlock wordlessly, wondering yet again how very little he knows about the man, how little he understands the way his brain works.
“I have gone to great lengths throughout the years to ensure that you are, to the best of my abilities. I’ve made sacrifices, far too many for my own good. I’ve shot a man. I got on that plane.” Sherlock continues. “So that you could have a home, a child, a loving family. All the things a good man such as yourself deserves.”
“David’s aware of our… closeness, and he suggested that while I’m re-examining everything else, I might re-examine…”
Men in functional relationships don’t have to take a big, calming breath before they reach for the knob of the door to their house. They don’t feel like they share a house with a domesticated panther; quiet and docile most of the time, waiting for the one thing that will make her pounce.
“I’ll need your therapist's details, as well as your lawyer’s, the one who visited you on Sunday. When was the last time you spoke to Alexander?”
Children, dogs, and birds have all left the park to seek the warmth of their respective homes, and it is then that Sherlock gets his first glimpse of a nine-month old mid-tantrum.
Rosie's still fast asleep on the sofa, and John arranges the pillows just right to prevent her from rolling over.
“Yeah?” John smiles. “That’s good. Why don’t you get those? On me. Consider it your birthday present.”
“When you return heroically from nine years of enemy hands.” Sherlock rubs his eyes, sore and tired from hours on end of reading. Pages and pages of inane, meticulous, detailed intelligence reports from the months prior to David and Jonathan’s capture.
“I never said there was. But his stories, they almost sound as though they’re rehearsed,” Sherlock says. “As though he’s telling people exactly what they want to hear. You see, they change. The things he told me, the things he told Alison, Jonathan’s sister. They’re all variations on a very questionable truth.”
He hates all of it. He hates the crowds of tourists, he hates the restaurants full of mountain climbers, he hates the fake hippies and peace activists.
Unattached, untethered, John was leaning into that ghastly cane like a man running away from everything that had made him who he was. He was looking for something new; a fresh start. It was a sentiment Sherlock had known all too well himself. Thus, an unspoken agreement was made between the two men: accepting each other
“Alright?” John asks. He’s offended, Sherlock can tell, for not being allowed to join him. Sherlock ignores him, pushing the street door to step outside. Something ugly and indignant flares up inside him again, right around the location of his newly-healing scar. People should stop asking if he's okay when he's clearly not.
It’s not the kiss that shook John—he’d kissed men before, done far more than that, actually. And he’ll reserve self-judgement over the part of himself that moaned into the kiss before real life filtered through; it’s been more than a year since he and Mary had sex, or touched each other at all.
“It’s alright.” Sherlock says, his heart torn over John’s obvious pain and the way his blood sang when he felt John’s lips on his.
Clenching his jaw in mild frustration, Sherlock nods once, twice. He turns to leave the room, letting the door slam behind him.
She never understood Sherlock’s real reasoning behind keeping her so close, insisting on being the one fighting for their marriage. She’s sure a part of it is a stalling tactic - keep your enemies close, etc. Sherlock has been keeping a very watchful eye on her. Supposedly not in revenge, but in the name of his lifelong mission of Keeping John Watson Happy.
Sherlock watches John intently as he examines the necklace, turning it one way, then another. He looks back up at the woman with more questions than answers now.
John can’t recall a single time he told Sherlock Holmes to have fun, not since the day they met. Sherlock Holmes doesn’t
“I’ve been keeping an eye on you since you came back, brother,” Mycroft says. “You haven’t been yourself, not for a while—”
“You’re not alright,” Sherlock says, and John hates himself for loving the hint of worry in the detective’s voice.
“Sounds about right,” she huffs, amused. “They were a useless bunch, the lot of them,” she says, booting up her laptop. “Would that be all, Mr. Noor?”
He turns around and takes the steps slowly, the world swirling around him in a dizzying wave of emotion. Mycroft’s driver opens the door for him and takes his bag to the back of the car. Sherlock slides in, not bothering to greet an excited-looking Billy Wiggins.
“We have some very talented people working here,” Sir Edwin replies, smug. “Rest assured we have the tech to, er... doctor a bit of security footage.”
“Send me everything you have on Abu Nazir,” Sherlock says, shrugging his coat on. “And I mean everything. Psychological evaluations, school transcripts, food allergies. I want every document in existence with the man’s name on it, including the stuff you illegally obtained from your international counterparts.”
“Yes,” David nods, strapped to wires emanating from the computer housing the polygraph test’s software.
“My son.” A man’s image appears clearly on the screen. “My friend in London tells me you’re refusing to move forward. It’s understandable, of course. You’re in shock. Coming back to your comfortable Western life has confused you.”
Elin checks herself in the mirror briefly, then looks him over from head to toe. “Don’t worry about Aldridge.”
He winces with pain as the smoke from another cigarette burns his lips, watching the owner of the chippy from a vantage point that keeps him hidden in plain sight. Lucky, that. Ian stands, speaking amiably to a patron. One of the regulars, it would seem. Sherlock used to be a regular. Sometimes, after a particularly difficult case in the days before a wounded doctor stepped into Barts, or when the call of a seven percent solution would become too strong, he’d walk into the chippy with an enigmatic smile.
Sherlock doesn’t answer for a long minute, his eyes moving quickly from side to side in a pattern that John knows well enough; he’s reviewing information in his own head, trying to find an answer to a question.
“Yes, extortion. That’s his MO. He used them to extort you for your loyalty.” Sherlock huffs. “That’s ironic.”
His delayed arrival to Innsbruck means a cascading change to his plans over the next few weeks. He’ll need to readjust his plans. This will hold him back for a while, since in Innsbruck he expects to deal with two of Moriarty’s largest crime rings. They are seemingly normal main-street businesses, used to cover up huge drug- and human-trafficking operations. The leaders of the rings are, fortunately, idiots. The type Sherlock met nearly every day in London, so he’s not as worried as he was in other locations so far.
“What?” David says, ignoring Sherlock’s protestations. He opens the door and steps out of the car, standing squarely in front of him. “It’s so good to see you. I thought I might have-”
