The quiet of the room was interrupted by the sound of a door opening, Mary's bedroom door to be precise. Sherlock did not seem to respond whatsoever, still staring at the laptop screen, but John looked up at her as she leant against the door frame. Wearing an oversized t-shirt, she looked surprisingly well-rested for having cried herself to sleep the previous night, based on what he heard from sleeping on the couch. Even so, her eyes still betrayed the sadness of discovering John's infidelity. John wanted to apologize but it just seemed empty to do so anymore. He had been an egotistical idiot and wanted to make things right, but he did not know how.
Attempting to keep the traffic sign in sight made the drive go slowly, but Mary was determined to stay patient. Distracting herself from the task at hand had gotten her into this problem after all. When she came to a fork in the road, she had to lift herself above the vehicle once more, which made her nervous, thinking back to the possible footstep earlier. The left turn appeared to take her away from the stop sign, but the right turn was once again dirt.
A voice in a higher octave interrupted their somewhat lacking conversation, and the bony maniac was approaching. Sherlock still kept his eyes closed, not much caring. The three-fingered one must have been telling his sibling to come away, because after a few seconds, the heavy weight left the mattress and both mountain men walked off.
"Shhh… Sherlock, calm down," Mycroft said, speaking in soft tones so different from his usual commanding staccato delivery. "Do you want to tell me something?"
He nearly shook his head. His little brother insisted on not being treated like a baby or even the small child he was, and yet he still needed comfort from physical contact and plush companions.
Eyes darting back and forth among the rapids, he lumbered along the riverside, and he called for his son, keeping a sneaky sense of dread from just bubbling over. Panicking would do no good at present, but he also could not afford to lose Three-finger, his best on-foot hunter.
"You haven't eaten anything for over two days..."
John’s free hand clenched into a fist for a brief moment, letting go. He looked at Mary.
The one of Sherlock's eyes that was not grossly swollen shut made a feeble attempt to open, and Mycroft could see the flash of a well-known turquoise iris, now surrounded by a blood-red eye-white; subconjunctival hemorrhage. Sherlock could not speak, but a flicker of recognition passed over his tormented and abused features, suggesting that he had retained sight in the bloodshot eye.
"Mary and I have not yet reached that part of our relationship!" he hissed angrily. "You knew that, Sherlock!"
"Where are they?" Sherlock asked. John did not have to guess to whom his partner referred.
There were not many ways to make the little whore's death look like some kind of "accident", not when it was tied to a bed and incapable of doing much but lay there. Three-finger stared at his father's plaything from across the cabin, from this angle only able to see a pair of dirty, pale feet. He didn't like this Outsider. The torment his family granted it was not worth the threat it posed to their wellbeing.
It hurt how easily John had chosen Sherlock's company over hers even this very morning. Was that abrasive, ill-balanced lunatic really that much more interesting than she, Mary wondered, that John would rather run himself sweaty through a dense forest riddled with mosquitoes instead of spending a quiet, peaceful, relaxing day with her at the poolside?
Alive or dead, the game was lost. Hopefully the little pig was dead.
“Well,” he said, giving the notion some serious thought. “Better not. He’ll want to do it himself. Ah-ha!” He reached the photograph from the display screen and pointed at the familiar shape on the sky. “There. It is smoke. See the width? A bonfire would be much larger. There’s a house out in the woods. A shack at the very least.”
John felt his chest tighten for a split second as he realized the situation and turned around.
He had known from the start that John's chances of survival on his own were slim, but not non-existent, and somewhere in his heart, Sherlock had nursed the most treacherous of feelings: hope. He should have foreseen the outcome and accepted it rather than giving in to hope. This pesky human emotion had earned him nothing but heartbreak in the past, and this time was no different.
"No, there wouldn't," the woman answered, but she looked aside. "Except..."
John was halfway through when Sherlock's outstretched hands took a loose hold of his own.
Was Sherlock crying?
But being restrained only increased Sherlock's struggles. Another string of sounds escaped the injured detective's bruised, swollen lips, but this time even Mycroft was not able to discern any words.
Think like a cat.
"Good day, sir," she said, managing somehow to sound both soothingly calm and chipper at the same time. "There are some paperwork for you to sign, regarding Mr. Sherlock's care here at Western Maryland Health System. Is this a convenient time, or should we...?"
Of course. They wanted him to watch. They could tell he and Sherlock were friends and delighted in tormenting him just as much as his partner. The skinny one giggled and shook the face in his hand. John deeply wanted to bite, to reduce the fingers on the little bastard all the more. Maybe that would be painful enough for one of these assholes to feel.
Sherlock blew his stuffy nose into a tissue and simultaneously wiped his leaking eyes, undoubtedly red and swollen to the point that even someone as obtuse as John would be able to tell he'd been crying. John must not know under any circumstances. It was bad enough that his friend now knew about the antipsychotics and his mood disorder - secrets he had kept well-hidden until now - but John knowing about the true depth of Sherlock's feelings could possibly be his undoing.
John lifted an eyebrow, looking back and forth between the camera screen and his partner.
John glanced to his right, toward the yard of the family who had saved him. Their property did not have enough open space for the aircraft to land. The paramedics would have to walk - or rather run - the rest of the way. Hopefully they did not have far to go.
//Bear trap on leg. Rape//
As his eldest proceeded to prepare for their emergency evacuation and leading the youngest outside, Sawtooth glowered at the whore, still unshackled on the floor in a little ball. Based on the trembling alone, the pathetic creature was likely unable to get up and escape even if it wanted to. But what would be done with it? The clan was going to escape detection, but their captive had a distinct chance of being nothing but a liability in their journey.
Sherlock did not recall a mention of pets in the news article. "Did the dogs go missing as well?"
"Yes, of course," he muttered half-heartedly, but then cleared his throat. "Yes. We have to see this through."
"What is your problem?!" Sherlock growled, and his hand shot out like a cobra's head to reclaim his cushion.
Access to proper cleaning supplies or at least water would have helped greatly. A bucket covered in grime sat nearby, flies buzzing over the intestines which lay in a pile within. He first thought they were Mary's, but her corpse had no slit along the belly, and these had clearly been rotting for much longer, if the coloration and presence of maggots had anything to indicate.
"They've been getting away with this for decades," Sherlock replied. "Either they've picked up a few hints on how not to get caught over the years... or out of pure coincidence they've made a very good choice on their trophies."
John stood up and reached for his wallet, snatching out a 20 dollar bill and passing it on to Mary. She stared at him with confusion.
John was now close enough to Sherlock where they could see one another's faces. To the older man's confusion, Sherlock's eyes held no tears. The detective looked right at him, and though he looked miserable and in utmost agony, he was staring at John pointedly, expressing a wordless message to his partner.
“Please, Mary…” he pleaded. “What are you doing?”
"Ma'am, I assure you I do much more than write a blog..." John began to explain, but Sherlock broke him off with an almost irritable hand gesture.
Before he could form an idea of what to do, he caught a flash of movement in the corner of his eye, and he could barely realize this was an outstretched arm as the creature's blade whistled past his ear and into the dirt inches from his face.
“There are two bedrooms in the lodge you’ve signed up for. The cabin is second to the left of the road. Your friend is really rude.”
Restraints for a one-legged patient? Mycroft thought derisively but did not speak the words out loud. He agreed it was the best option available.
“Can the train send us somewhere close where we can take a taxi?” she suggested.
Mycroft politely declined a refill of tea from the dining hall wait staff and headed back up to his room to make a phone call to the hospital.
TBC...
"I've made coffee and breakfast, do you want some?" John asked.
TBC...
"How?" Mycroft asked in a steely voice. John wondered if the Ice-man pitied him at all, or if all Mycroft felt toward him was rage for making it back when Sherlock hadn't.
TBC...
"Until what, the weekend when this place actually serves food?" Sherlock asked tiredly. "We'll starve by then. AND with the rental car gone, we won't be able to go get groceries for ourselves."
Mycroft spoke again, likely asking another question, but Sherlock, now fighting consciousness, was unable to make sense of the words. Everything sounded like a garbled mess, and it took all of the injured detective's effort not to zone out and retreat - possibly forever - into a secure little corner of his mind palace, where the evils of the world were unable to reach him.
"Fucking shit..." she cursed, hitting the steering wheel. "SHIT." Mary slumped in the seat, her breath slow as she tried to calm herself.
The smallest one was excited to the point of practically vibrating. Only when the toothsome giant gave a gesture did he move, and when he did, the burst of speed forward caused both detective and doctor to expect Sherlock be reduced to tatters in seconds. Sherlock could not help the small yelp which escaped his lips when the gangly creature set upon him, but he realized very quickly that his flesh was not being sliced. Instead, the knife cut through his clothes, and the articles were ripped away from his pale body in little time. John watched in horror as his friend dangled naked in front of their filthy audience.
"You may want to skip this one, sir," said the Hispanic officer - identified as Hernandez by his name tag - and moved to physically restrain Mycroft, who suddenly wished he hadn't left his umbrella in the helicopter, as he currently wanted to use it to bash the man's head in.
Anthea had stepped forward to check him into the hotel the previous night, as she had picked up on the chaos that was clearly brewing in his mind. The establishment was not incredibly shabby, and for a moment he considered just falling into the bed without bothering with a sleeping pill, but he knew the moment he put his head down he would fall into an endless spiral of those chaotic thoughts, and then he'd be of no use to anyone in the morning.
John received a face full of dirt upon hitting the floor, and he hoped he was not tasting excrement. Spitting the worst of it out only launched the remaining dust back into his face.
Mycroft absently swatted a fly buzzing about his left ear as the group - five heavily armored SWAT team members each carrying an assault rifle and a ballistic shield, Mycroft himself, and Anthea - started toward the obvious path out of the clearing. The civil servant did not wear any heavy body armor, although the captain of the SWAT team had insisted he wear a bulletproof vest underneath his suit jacket and coat. Anthea had been forced to accept one as well, and her usual three-inch stilettos had been replaced with a pair of sturdy hiking boots.
“Yes, but there’s a certain pace at which these things happen,” John insisted.
When the door opened, Ferguson was wearing only a t-shirt, and somehow it made her seem even more naked than to wear nothing whatsoever. Upon seeing the detective, her eyes widened with anticipation.
Contrary to expectation, the SWAT team leader, a surly, stout man in his early fifties who reminded Mycroft of the late general Douglas McArthur - a historical personality this man no doubt idolized - verbalized an order to find a shovel and unearth whatever it was that had been buried.
A woman wandered along the dirt path, muttering the lyrics to some half-remembered song. She wore little else but a sarong loosely draped over her plump body, thin sandals protecting her feet from the ground. She was enjoying the beauty of the trees around her and the sounds of the forest.
Missy's arm unexpectedly shot out, connecting with the wall closest to them and nearly causing Mycroft to walk into it, throat first. He was practically ready to throttle her, and the only deterrent factor was knowing that if it came down to a physical confrontation, he would probably not come out victorious in his current state.
Renting a car was easier than expected, but John did not trust good luck. Sure enough, the Toyota Corolla they had rented looked to be on its last breath. At least it started up when he turned the key.
And ran into a solid wall of flesh.
"Do you have schizophrenia?" he asked. The word tasted like poison in his mouth.
When Mycroft slowly came to, he felt possibly even worse than prior to falling asleep; in his head was this throbbing ache, his stomach was knotting in cramps and threatening to rid itself of its meager contents (limited basically to bile and stomach acid at this point) and the muscles in his back and thighs ached horribly from the disproportionate amount of exercise to which he had subjected his body hours earlier. Succinctly put, Mycroft Holmes felt like crap.
"Doctor Nasim should be here in a few minutes," she said, "but I just came back from the OR where they were working on your brother."
True, he had sensed a certain uneasiness in her – though not nearly so pronounced as his own – when the group first checked in, but she had adapted very well.
Considering he had not picked up on Mycroft's question, he could not reliably answer "Yes" or "No" now, but lacked the means to communicate it to his brother. Frustrated by his limitations and increasingly aware of the pain wracking his body, Sherlock did the only thing in his power - he lashed out at Mycroft and attempted to break out of his protective grasp.
The skinny Outsider's posterior was practically the only part of him that carried any substance. Other than that he was rake-thin; all long, sinewy limbs and visible bones beneath pale skin. A few moles and birthmarks marred the otherwise perfect smoothness.
“Your photos were taken during your stay in the resort,” Sherlock replied, changing the subject of conversation. He waved in the direction of the screensaver on her nearby laptop. He gave her a sly look. “Taken on the actual grounds. Which is prohibited.”
John swallowed, trying to figure out what was the right thing to say. He could not abandon Sherlock; the eccentric detective's already fragile mental health had come to depend on John, and the doctor did not dare imagine what Sherlock might do if John left. He had a sudden horrific mental image of Sherlock stepping into a steaming hot bath and slitting his wrists, quite literally bathing in a sea of his own blood. Besides, Mycroft had said there would be consequences if he broke Sherlock's heart.
John only moaned.
Suddenly their faces were only inches apart, and Sherlock stuck out his tongue, licking a wet stripe along the entire length of John's profile. Their teeth made a clicking noise when they connected, and a tongue invaded John's mouth, exploring his oral cavity with similar enthusiasm. He tried to snake his own tongue around it, force it into retreat, but the spongy muscle evaded capture and was free to continue its assault. Sherlock did nothing by half-measures, not even kissing.
"Supposing I do believe your story..." he said, and this time John did not feel anger at the words, as the civil servant clearly was now accepting the scribblings, "then we have no time to spare on dallying here. Which means that I regret to inform you that you would be unable to accompany on this search. This is most inconvenient, as you could have possibly recognized the territory..."
"I am remaining with my brother for the remainder of his care," he immediately replied, not slowing in his steps. The nurse held out a hand, though she thoughtfully did not touch him.
always
"Just coffee, please."
“You’re the one who said that it was bad idea to even go into West Virginia,” John said, brow knit. “And now you have us headed to a town that likely has no electricity. Or more than five teeth, collectively.”
John feared this might be the longest week of his life.
Against his will, John's interest was perked. This place had its own casino? He never would have guessed. Perhaps later, if they had nothing going on...
“Is that so surprising?” the younger man replied. “Army vet with PTSD whose only friend is a…”
Mycroft closed his eyes for just a moment, fighting against the pull of dizziness. He knew that on top of the psychological stress caused by Sherlock's abduction, he had neglected the basic needs of his human body: food, sleep, even hydration. Anthea, ever the dutiful PA, had obviously sensed her boss' thoughts, because the following second, an already opened can of mineral water was gently thrust into Mycroft's hand. He abhorred the taste but drank several gulps, both to please Anthea and his own over-strained system. The most acute symptoms of exhaustion abated, and Mycroft felt he could manage another few hours.
This was not how John had imagined it in his head. Not in a small, musty room at some godforsaken resort for people who liked prancing about in the nude. Not with Sherlock next door. Not with...
Unlike many seemed to think, Sherlock took no joy in giving people, especially his own clients, bad news. These people came to him for
"We've discovered an area where Mrs. Cavanaugh was wandering," Sherlock replied nonchalantly. "It had a certain amount of tracks made by others that has us... concerned."
Mycroft sat quietly and calmly back in the room where his brother still lay unconscious, only looking up when the door opened to reveal Dr. Nasim. The physician was smiling, but doubt shone in his eyes.
John raised a questioning eyebrow. "You seem to be adapting to it rather well."
The detective and his partner were taken to the far end of the cottage, into an adjacent room which consisted mainly of small storing spaces resembling cattle stalls. It was not a far leap of logic to assume the mountain men had kept previous victims incarcerated here while waiting for the opportune moment to butcher them.
"Yes, I'm here," Mycroft replied. His tone, though quiet, was not one of gentle reassurance, but rather plain confirmation; though a relative keeper of the peace of their home country and a born diplomat, he was not exactly known for his bedside manner.
“You’re right,” John said, picking up his luggage. “Let’s go. We could use all the daylight we can get.”
“Nothing,” he said. “I think I’m very glad that it’ll be just the two of us.”
A blush crept over John's face. "You can hear me wanking?" he asked incredulously. "Are you spying on me?!"
Sherlock – despite having only one suitcase – did not even bother loading it into the car, proceeding into the back seat instead and leaving his traveling companions to the luggage.
This chapter contains depictions of physical and sexual abuse. Proceed with caution.
Though Mycroft kept his attention on the trees below, scanning for any vague hint of the presence of his brother’s kidnappers, his mind was doggedly harassed by that horrible little feeling of worry. Sherlock had been his responsibility ever since the puerile little brat had been born. He was supposed to protect his brother. And yet somehow Sherlock always found a way, deliberately or otherwise, to prove his efforts were in vain.
Something in a corner of the cabin caught his eye, and he took a closer look. A collection of photographs, some of their frames cracked, sat on a small shelf, and one of which hung on the wall. Though faded from time and exposure to light, the contents were still very much visible. Black and white images, perhaps taken a hundred years ago, told a tale of just how long this family had been living in the mountains. Though some - likely much earlier generations than the others - had plain features, others already possessed the telltale disfigurements of inbreeding.
Sherlock smiled back, but only for a moment.
Suddenly a muffled groan rose from beneath the rags in the apple crate. One-Eye sighed in relief, realizing he hadn't killed his family's new plaything. Sniffing at the towels and spying a hint of naked skin amidst the stained material, Three-finger poked at the body within, resulting in the startled twitch from the whore. Though the smallest hunter chuckled at his discovery, Sawtooth was not amused in the slightest. He snarled an order for the pale man to be returned to the bed, which his eldest son promptly followed through with, hauling the naked body from the crate and dumping it beside One-Eye. Though One-Eye moved to pat the waking man's thick curls, his father lurched forward, whipping his arm at him like a bear clawing at a rival.
"You would think this might attract bears, coyotes... whatever animals are indigenous to the area," John remarked quietly.
"I assure you, I don't need medical assistance," he retorted, but she seemed to ignore him completely. Priding himself on not resorting to physical force, he was nearly ready to shove her aside.
Sherlock gave her a curt little smile in return, one that was forced, but well-practiced enough to look convincing.
John suppressed a groan and rubbed is forehead against the surface of his partner’s chest, a weak attempt to distract Sherlock from the subject. He felt a perky nipple against his hairline, and Sherlock subsequently wiggled at the sensation.
“Exactly.”
The sound of a belt being unbuckle reached beyond the detective's shocked haze and into his ears, and as he drowsily looked up, he saw the giant alpha had indeed removed a belt.
The walk to the parking lot was relatively quiet, save for distant bird calls from the trees, as well as a few muttered curses whenever Sherlock stepped on a rock or a branch. Though the resort encouraged nudity, clearly Sherlock had forgotten the necessity of shoes or sandals when wandering outside. Not that John was surprised. The intellect of ten geniuses, and yet all of that collected information often shoved the most obvious details aside.
"How can you possibly think about the case now?!"
Sherlock and John question Sherlock's new client, Bobbi Ferguson, about her friend's disappearance.
Though he was at first loath to admit it, the younger man's appearance brought back long forgotten memories of Sawtooth's deceased mate. She had died giving birth to his youngest son, who had entered the world as a tiny, screaming, pink, dumb lump and eventually evolved into a big, fat lump, all grown but still just as dumb. Had Three-finger not been so attached his younger sibling, Sawtooth would have put him on a spit and roasted him before he got to experience his fifth spring. He could tell by then that One-Eye was useless and dumb and would never contribute to feeding the clan. Now, twenty-eight springs later, all the clan's youngest was good for was manual labour.
John nodded. Finally they were getting somewhere. "Does anyone know?"
The raw pain in his leg and arm had abated to a less intense, pulsating ache, which was somewhat more manageable but nonetheless taxing on his systems. Clammy and trembling, he wondered how much more pain and blood loss he could take before finally passing out, perhaps for good.
Watching Sherlock had distracted John from the tortuous inspection by his captors, and he yelped in both pain and surprise when he felt the hand squeezing his stomach replaced by the tip of the awl. The smaller man cackled at his reaction. John looked down instinctively to inspect the damage, but he could not see if skin was broken from the angle at which he hanged. Even so, he felt no dripping of blood. Another prod with the awl had him shouting muffled curses of anger and pain, but again he did not think he was bleeding.
Sweaty, parched, terrified, and now also irritated, John wanted to ask his partner if he thought John had done it on purpose, but that would mean more unnecessary noises, so he repressed his frustration and instead tried to watch where he put his feet.
The mere sight of Sherlock, as well as his ridiculous interruption, left John and Mary only staring blankly at him. In his hand was a small bag closed with a zipper. Though it was mostly a blur due to how quickly it moved about in the detective’s hands, John could make out that it was likely a camera bag.
But why? It made no sense at all... Unless, of course, the purpose of the dam was to stop the outflow of water from the road and favor the creation of mud. Which in turn would trap vehicles.
Wandering through the bare, grassless yard, he happened upon a patch of disturbed soil. Recently disturbed at that. The doubt returned again, gnawing at him with the thought that this was an improvised grave, that Sherlock was truly dead. Was his brother merely feet below him in the cold ground?
"Alright."
John's anxiety grew with each passing hour that Mary remained absent. He paced the lodge restlessly, wringing his hands and picking up on the slightest sound from outside that might indicate Mary's return. Sadly, every time he rushed to the windows, hoping to see his irate but unharmed girlfriend stomping toward the lodge, he was left disappointed.
"I, uh..."
The clan of cannibals make a decision regarding Sherlock's future existence.
"That's it? You're not going to help us navigate?" Mary demanded, but Sherlock had already turned his back on them and pretended not to hear. Or perhaps he didn't have to pretend. The wiring of Sherlock's brain and his way of processing sensory impressions sometimes just shut down.
"Should we try to get him to a hospital?" Mary asked, concern in her voice. Though it annoyed her to no end that the obnoxious detective had once again stolen all of John's attention, she did not want him to possibly die on their hands.
Mycroft continues to negotiate with the doctors about Sherlock's care. John makes his presence known.
Sherlock's shock and dismay presented a second opportunity for the skinny madman to shove another forkful of human meat into his mouth. This time the detective swallowed on his own, no coercion required from the giant alpha.
When the plane finally did land, the group still had an issue of finding their latest destination. Originally John and Mary were going to take the Amtrak to a reputable camping ground, but thanks to Sherlock’s intervening, they would have to find a different route.
"I was not present at the time. The decision was made by my colleague, Dr. Sandstrom," Nasim explained, a hint of defensiveness creeping into his voice. "You may voice any concerns you have to him, but he'll give you the exact same answer I'm giving you now. It was a medical decision, and Dr. Sandstrom was the attending physician. It was his call to make."
Sherlock scoffed. “Why? You have nothing worth selling.”
"MN!" the plump one objected. He got a lick across his face by One-Eye for the protest, as well as a hard jab with a jagged-nailed finger.
TBC...
"I knew it!" Ferguson stood up, hands clenched into fists in determination. "We need to call the police about this!"
Mycroft hurried forward, desperate to ignore the wooziness of his brain.
"Well, yes," the detective admitted, "but as a fair warning, the answer is not always what the client hopes for."
"I'm well aware," the elder Holmes cut in. "I'm interested in the parts of him that you were able to salvage," he dryly pointed out.
"And yet you thought sex was the way to comfort my brother following a harrowing revelation such as the one you described? Especially since you are, as you say, now committed to someone else."
Sherlock was not entirely surprised at the bits of grime and dust floating in the water, but he cringed a little nonetheless, even though he likely had drunk fluids of similar quality during his drug use. He gulped the contents down greedily, trying to take as much as possible before the scrawny hunter decided to pull away.
"A little too deliberately inconspicuous," John noted aloud. Sherlock made an affirming noise and, spotting something on the path, moved forward, leaning closer as he inspected it. Curious, John pocketed the camera and joined him. His eyes widened a little when he looked at it.
No good being angry now, though. Sawtooth squeezed the smaller hunter's shoulder and tugged him backwards, nodding toward the trees. They still had one Outsider captive, and if they wanted to keep it, they could not dally, as Sawtooth was not sure just how long he could trust someone of One-Eye's intellect to look after their sole prisoner.
"Sherlock!" the doctor gasped, and his own hands travelled feverishly along the length of Sherlock's thighs, carding through the small, crinkly hairs which were too light too be visible, but could nonetheless be felt. He enveloped the younger man's leaking cock in his own rough, callused fist, not at all surprised to find out that it had already left a snail's trail of pre-come on his stomach.
"I have mood swings!" the detective cried out, his voice several pitches above its usual deep baritone. "Don't look at me like that, John! Don't look at me like I'm some goddamn... freak!"
John rocketed off the sofa like a tightly coiled spring and ran over to the younger man. "Sherlock! Are you alright?"
The camera gave one lass dying buzz when John pressed the power button, and it was obvious that they would not get anything more out of it unless they replaced the batteries.
None of the potential answers to his numerous questions made him feel more at ease. He had to get to the bottom of this, even if it meant going behind Sherlock's back. Sherlock for sure seemed to have no qualms about going behind his.
The feeling in John's arms returned painfully when the skinny freak behind him wrapped arms and legs around him, hanging by the doctor off of the ground. He felt the fine edge of the dirty blade against his throat, saw the underdeveloped stump of what would have been a middle and ring finger on the monster's left hand, which held the knife. A drop of spittle landed on the junction of neck and shoulder. But John could do nothing; the three-fingered monstrosity was wrapped around him tightly, stuck on him like a leech.
"Ah think it's alive, Pa!" the child - most likely a boy - eagerly explained. "But it's hurt. Can ya help it?"
The man-child reared back, whimpering pitiably and raising a hand to shield his face from blows. Sawtooth, not easily swayed by displays of submission from his dumb youngest son, delivered yet another swipe for good measure. This time One-Eye more than whimpered; he virtually howled, and a disgruntled hiss sounded from Three-finger, protesting against further punishment inflicted on his sibling.
"It didn't bother me, so I didn't bother stopping it."
“There wasn’t for us.”
"So," Mycroft continued, "what is this talk really about? If this little revelation went as well as you claim, how is Sherlock 'not fine'?"
Sherlock backed away, almost looking betrayed. He averted his gaze and gathered his hands into fists. John did not suppose he would be punched for whatever reason, but Sherlock had always been unpredictable in the past.
"A trip to the dollar store shouldn't take ninety minutes! Something's wrong, I know it!"
In the end, she chose to take the right turn, not intimidated by the lack of pavement, as she had been driving on dirt roads for a good while now. She assumed it was more of a standard in these backwater communities.
Mary held the door open with her body as they left the building, and Sherlock leaned his head against John’s for a few seconds. John’s expression hardened as a thought occurred to him, that the detective was not quite as weak and disoriented as he let on, that he was merely conning some sympathy out of his assistant.
“I’m not in the mood for arguments.”
“No, I’m not!” Sherlock argued. “I’m only genuinely curious!”
And so, apparently, was the skinny little psycho. Snarling like an predator protecting its kill, it exposed its inflamed, swollen gums and crooked, mismatched teeth and hissed at the larger mountain man. The knife remained poised at Sherlock's throat, scraping at the outmost layer of skin but not yet drawing blood.
By the time Sherlock and John made it back to their lodge, the time was a little after one o'clock in the afternoon. Sherlock would not admit that he was hungry, as looking forward to lunch meant looking forward to what Mary had bought, and the thought of Mary still reminded him of his unfortunate argument with John. Even so, he preferred to avoid anything close to what had happened at the sauna.
Mycroft turned his head toward the slightly accented voice of the orthopedic surgeon primarily responsible for Sherlock's care. Dr. Nasim wore a white coat on top of his scrubs and his body language suggested he was in a hurry. Most likely he had at least one surgery scheduled for the afternoon, and Mycroft intensely disliked wasting anybody's time, so he went straight to the point, skipping any and all pleasantries.
"A group marginalized from society and its rules and taboos..." he trailed off, then waved to the tracks. "We have one giant with severe curvature of the spine and subsequent shorter leg. It's possible. Followed by another sizeable fellow... could be a family."
John considered making a mad dash for the door the moment his wrists were lowered down, but the soldier in him told him that would be most unwise; the degenerates were bound to catch him within seconds, and even if he somehow managed to evade recapture, he'd be leaving Sherlock to a horrible fate.
John rolled his eyes. Sherlock was, with or without his diagnosis, still a stroppy bastard. At least some things never changed.
“I don’t want to deal with this anymore. Take the damn room.”
“Perhaps we should try somewhere indoors,” Sherlock offered. “Your residence, perhaps…?”
"William," he admonished. "We already had one accident, and we don't need another."
Sherlock very much wanted to continue the search, but unless John managed to contain his emotions, he would be of no use, perhaps even a danger to them both. Though the abductors hardly possessed the intellect of a criminal mastermind, they were undoubtedly dangerous folk, and if the clan truly had managed to evade capture for the past sixty years or more, they were a force to be reckoned with.
"Oh! Yes, of course." The woman stepped aside to let the detective pass, and Sherlock stepped inside the trailer, noting that nothing had really been changed since his first visit the previous day, aside from the pile of dishes in the sink, which had been added to. He also glimpsed two empty wine bottles in Ferguson's trash bin, and wondered if the woman had taken her comfort in drink.
Sherlock sat on the tiled wet floor, legs splayed out like a dropped marionette with his head in his hand, looking dazed but otherwise unhurt. John was uncertain if his partner’s flushed face was from exhaustion or simple sunburns.
“I don’t know. Why do you?”
"That list of recommended therapists," he said. "Let me look at it again."
The woman was now beginning to raise her voice. “If you’re really here because you want to make fun of people who just want some peace and quiet when they’re not doing anything wrong—”
John shrugged. "Good point."
"Mary, pay no attention to him," John quickly said, wishing there was a way to throttle Sherlock, or at least make him shut his mouth. Perhaps he could sew the detective's mouth closed next time he went to sleep? He doubted a Darth Vader force-choke would work.
John looked about ready to whine like a child, and he felt like doing so as well. He glanced back at Mary. Why the hell had Sherlock followed them? To deliberately make John miserable?
“ONLY friend?”
If John had ever been dangerously close to punching Sherlock in the face, now was that time. He balled his hand into a fist behind his back instead, biting back further objections, which he knew would only serve to rile Sherlock up.
Three-finger glared at their prisoner, wanting to kick the little rat despite the raging outburst happening before him. Instead, he glanced at One-Eye who was beyond confused at what was transpiring. Taking big meaty hands into his own bony ones, he announced that they were going on a trip to meet more siblings, hoping he sounded cheerful enough to win his brother's enthusiasm. With luck, he would be eager enough to help their urgent departure, or at least stay out of the way and remain in the truck.
"There was a fracture in his right forearm. Now it already had a titanium screw from a previous break, but we were able to set it again..."
"Decomposition is in too late of a stage to be him. Also, this corpse looks to be shorter... my brother is six feet tall."
Sherlock shook his head. "I get the feeling that any large predators that did live in these woods have long gone. Hunters such as these would need to bide their time between human victims so as not to get caught. They'd either exhaust the food supply of meat around here or drive the species away."
"Obviously we're dealing with more than one culprit..." John muttered, trying his hardest to see if there was anything more to be deduced from the boot prints apart from the fact that they had not been made by the same man. To his great aggravation, he could not think of anything meaningful to add.
Just as he opened up Firefox, a Skype window appeared, and the doctor was just about to check it off when it occurred to him that the username and password had already been entered.
"You know what I mean."
Thinking was not something One-Eye normally did or was even encouraged to do. Obeying without question was the best way to keep Sawtooth happy; something One-Eye had learned at an early age. He had also learned not to touch his father's tools or anything else without permission, and this Outsider definitely counted as one of Sawtooth's things.
He watched as Mycroft produced from behind his back a notepad and pencil and dropped it in the doctor's lap. As John glanced up at his visitor, he saw a darkness pass over the elder Holmes' face that was not the usual condescending disproval, nor the annoyance which bordered on comical. No, this was the face of a man who ran the country and was not someone to be trifled with.
Still mostly dressed, he threw his jacket and belt back on and found himself readjusting his tie in the mirror and smoothing down some askew hairs on an arched eyebrow. Avoiding his own gaze in the reflection, he straightened his spine and brusquely walked out of the bathroom as though ready to trot off to work, desperate to ignore the wooziness of the alcohol sloshing in his stomach.
“But isn’t this better than what you had originally planned?” Sherlock argued. “You were going to that dreadful little motel in the middle of a slum town!”
Though Mycroft Holmes was usually the last person John wanted to speak with, he was still an intelligent man who knew his younger brother better than most. Even if he was an overly-preened windbag. Mycroft would know what to do... hopefully.
For now, the only problem was getting the damned whore to swallow. The wretched creature's eyes bulged and its body tensed under Three-finger's hold, straining at the hand clamped over its mouth. Just a little longer...
John could both hear and feel the rush of blood in his ears. "Nothing that we haven't done a hundred times before," he murmured and purposely avoided looking into the camera.
He banished the thought from his brain, determined not to go there again. He had a real shot at a meaningful and loving relationship with Mary; he must not screw that up by dwelling on the past.
"This was my fault," he murmured. "She's dead because of me."
Mary was the first to retire. John was not sure what was expected of him at this stage. Was she interested in anything besides sleep? After such a long and trying day, and with Sherlock next door, he did not believe so.
"I never thought I'd say this, but I feel really comfortable here," Mary said. "That's crazy, isn't it, but after ten minutes without any clothes, you kind of forget that you're naked. We're all equals here. I like that."
Again, the members stood in the way of Mycroft's view, carefully unzipping the case and lifting the flap.
"That's why I didn't tell you." Sherlock's voice pulled John back to the present, away from his recollections. "I was afraid you wouldn't understand."
Sarah Cavanaugh? It was certainly a possibility, unless the clan had killed more people in the past week except poor Mary.
“Well…” she responded, looking around.
"He's certainly never made them known!" John snapped back, realizing that this was exactly the reason for his bitterness toward Sherlock. The detective had his chance with him, but he'd elected to ignore it.
Sherlock curled up as best he could with rope once again binding his wrists together above his head. He had thrown up once after being forced to perform oral sex on the giant with the diseased cock, (not much in his stomach besides water, stomach juices, and also the vile creature's semen) and to stop that from happening a second time, the clan alpha had covered his mouth with a piece of duct tape. Sherlock knew that if he vomited now, he would likely die from choking on it.
Sherlock looked up at him with an annoyed glare. John gave an awkward smile, but it was clear that his partner was in no mood to joke.
John only assumed that he must have been asleep because of the dreams.
John scribbled down a quick question on the notepad for Mycroft to read, although he dreaded the answer.
God, I hate him
Mycroft nodded, secretly relieved to have sealed the deal. "We can go get him after we've put on your nappy."
Rustling was heard from the doorway, and the hyper-active, skinny monstrosity predictably skipped in first, soon followed by his two lumbering relatives. Sherlock would have had to twist his head and look over his shoulder in order to see them, but he purposely refrained from doing that so as not to attract attention to himself. As soon as the trio entered, however, he could smell something that was not simply unsavory body odour.
Though a coffee maker was readily available in his room, alas the options for tea were limited. He headed downstairs to the dining hall, where his choices were sadly only slightly more varied. Hopefully the temperature of the water would kill anything which might be thriving within the teabags.
Well-aware that it might take several hours until he received an answer from Nasim and his superiors, Mycroft fiddled with his phone and sent a quick text to Anthea asking her to bring him a cup of coffee. He would have liked a croissant to go with that but quickly shoved those thoughts into the far recesses of his mind. A cup of coffee would do just fine.
He decided he might as well use the well-practiced method of 'restrained truths'. He used this method all of the time in his line of work, and it was quite simple. Be honest, reveal little, and rely on the other person's assumptions to do the rest.
Out of instinct rather than a conscious act of will, Sherlock lashed out with a blow of his own and managed to knock the revolver out of the little beast's hand, although he failed to dislodge the creature itself, which immediately started pummeling him with new blows, this time using its bare fists. The smallest but undoubtedly the most psychotic of the three mountain men seemed hellbent on killing him then and there.
God, what if he was dead? John managed to hold back another sob. He had resigned himself to that fact that a truly intimate relationship between himself and his friend would never be realistically possible, that distance between them was important... but he had not wanted them to be apart, and not like this, never like this.
The nurse was quickly dismissed, but Nasim did not seem to know what to make of himself. Doctor's ethics as well as hospital procedure demanded that he remain by his patient's side throughout the revival procedure, but on a personal level, Nasim was intimidated by the pervasive presence of the Ice-man and the younger Holmes' history of being uncontrollable and aggressive.
"Yes, that's right," Sherlock muttered, now visibly impatient. He was never one to engage in small talk, and now he was not in the mood to even pretend. When Sherlock was tired,  his anti-social nature became more apparent than ever.
Sherlock, meanwhile, had taken up a seat on the couch and not moved since. He had unceremoniously shoved John's improvised bedding aside and sat with his long legs crossed, balancing his laptop precariously on one knee. John hated the fact that a lousy internet connection was their only means of communicating with the outside world, short of asking to use the landline for the resort itself.
Curse that pale whore! Everything had gone amiss since they procured it, and now it seemed to have some strange hold over Sawtooth, compelling him to keep it alive. Three-finger wanted nothing more than to see it die.
Who was he kidding, anyway? Between his hours at the surgery and the time spent as Sherlock's steadfast assistant solving crime, he had very little time or energy for a healthy lifestyle. And to think that he would actually turn forty next year...
The oaf pressed even closer against him, drooling against a white neck.
He angled his hand so that she wouldn't be able to see the bite mark inflicted by Sherlock. Now that the rush of adrenaline was fading, the wound painfully throbbed in time with his heartbeat. He would tend to it later, perhaps clean it with peroxide to prevent infection. God only knew the kind of pathogens that could be found in Sherlock's mouth, especially after something like this.
“That alone indicates how long it’s been since we last shagged,” Sherlock said. “Surely you can do better than that!”
“Good night,” John returned. He watched her turn over with a certain tinge of regret. She seemed to genuinely care about him, and it was clear she was not spending time with him just for a screwing. She curled up on her side, her back turned to him.
John briefly felt his face heat up from shame. No, he would not allow himself to feel guilty about that. Sherlock was a grown man - even though his behaviour sometimes contradicted it -  fully capable of making his own decisions. He had entered their so-called relationship very much aware that it might not work out. And they had remained friends... hadn't they?
Sherlock is brought into surgery. Mycroft awaits the news of his brother's condition.
At least I thought to wear sandals, he thought.
The relentless shock of discovering Sherlock, believing him dead, then realizing he was alive collided with exhaustion. In standing up, Mycroft felt a numbness pass through him so fleetingly yet so powerfully, enough to make him dizzy and lose balance. His hand shot out and landed in the dirt surrounding him and the suitcase, preventing complete collapse. Even so, his exhaustion was painfully obvious to the SWAT team.
The idiot likely would have wanted Sherlock to somehow keep his leg. Well... perhaps not.
Bobbi accepted the remark with surprising stoicism. "I understand that," she said. Her voice was not quite steady, even though she made a valiant effort. "But I need to know. Even if Sarah is dead, knowing what happened to her is preferable to staying in the dark."
“Why not?” Sherlock had sneered.
John thinks back on his 'break-up' with Sherlock.
Mary blinked at the sudden series of laughs which escaped John, and she nudged him, puzzled.
The idiot's rough, callused hand squeezed his hip experimentally, as if testing the texture and quality of his flesh. Sherlock tugged uselessly on his bonds and groaned at the pain it sent flaring through his broken arm, but he preferred it to the touch of this creature.
Turning over, he scrambled for his phone, picking it up with unsteady hands and speed-dialing his brother's number. Silence followed on the other line for a moment, and to his disappointment, a recorded female voice stated that the call could not be completed due to a lost signal.
The Ice-Man feeling the cold grip of terror? Now there was something.
An enormous scarred hand grabbed the thrashing young man by the neck, thus effectively immobilizing him, and with his other hand, the clan leader pinched Sherlock's nostrils shut. For a moment, everything blackened before Sherlock's eyes, and when he came to several seconds later, he was gulping for oxygen like a fish on dry land. The mountain men had achieved the desired reaction in their victim, and while Sherlock was greedily inhaling mouthfuls of air, the smallest hunter shoved a forkful of meat into his mouth.
Inside, John and Sherlock were still asleep. Their limbs tangled about one another, they remained under the sheet, looking to be in absolute unconscious bliss. John only stirred when he heard a noise. Lifting his head, he realized what it was, and might have gone back to sleep had the opening door not proceeded to shut. Jolting upward, he whispered a string of curses and dove for his discarded robe, wondering where the bloody hell the waistband had gone for it.
Fuck off, Sherlock wanted to say. The duct tape kept him silent.
That nose had been helpful in the past, such as identifying the qualities of a brandy or fine wine, or deducing a man's background by the cheapness of his cologne, but in his current state of accelerated stress, he was not doing himself or his brother any favors.
"Thank you, I'm well aware," Mycroft retorted, but his words lacked bite. He was simply too exhausted.
Instead of biting, he strained to turn his head away once more, but a hand from the bigger man joined from the other side. His face was firmly held right toward Sherlock's rape, which did not seem to end.
Fine.
Mary slammed the door shut, locked herself in, and hoped desperately that steel and glass would be enough between her and her attacker whilst she tried to get this damned vehicle to move, god damn it, move!
Sherlock responded by giving the doctor one of his derisive half-sneers. "Only when you find it convenient, isn't that right?"
“In case the GPS never does find it,” he explained, holding the map in front of Mary’s face. She frowned and took it from him, unfolding and examining it, only to frown deeper. Expecting at least a circled destination, she was baffled to find random scribbles throughout.
"Both," he finally admitted. "His behaviour is not normal, even for him."
“If there’s something else you would rather be doing…” she began, her tone and face growing angry.
Gazing over the messenger window and noting the video call option, he looked up at a tiny circle on the topmost border of the laptop. It had to be a web camera.
“No, I’m alright,” he said, his voice quiet and embarrassed. “Umm… which drawer did you put the pajamas?”
"Maybe she took a wrong turn," Sherlock suggested. "I knew I should have drawn her a map even she could read," he then added with a slight tone of regret.
"What then?" John demanded. "How are you going to pay for this?"
The detective half-heartedly batted at the offered drink. "I want just water..." he muttered.
Until now.
John sighed, embarrassed. “Listen. I care about you. And I would love to go to bed with you at some point during this trip. So please, don’t think that I’m brushing you off. Far from it.”
Some more unpleasant imagery ahead. Sensitive people be warned, but if you've come this far and are still reading, we really needn't warn you.
"Under the name Holmes, good woman,” he replied.
Sherlock was frankly surprised any members of the clan were left, based on the damages done by mating within the blood, especially at this length of time. Either they had developed a habit of adding to the bloodline through abducted victims, or - and he hoped this was the case - not many of the family were left.
"Get to the point, if you may, doctor," Mycroft interrupted icily. "I run a tight schedule."
Sherlock knew he could have tried harder. If he had, John might not have wandered. No Mary, and thus no trip to America. No being captured by inbred lunatics and consequently raped and murdered.
"He's alive!" Mycroft shouted, standing up. "Bring a gurney, don't just stand there...!"
Although what difference did that make now? John was dead. His feelings no longer mattered. A corpse could be neither hurt nor comforted. Sherlock began to wish he were a corpse as well. Maybe if he wished hard enough, he could make it come true.
Besides, he had promised to meet with Mary at the indoor pools after their talk with Bobbi Ferguson. Would his girlfriend be there already, waiting for him to show up?
John made his decision in the blink of an eye. His entire body twisting in a feat of athleticism that was unbecoming of his overweight, nearly-forty-year-old self, the doctor went for the knife. He managed to close his hands around the hilt - both of them - but he had definitely not expected the damnable object to be stuck. John struggled for the briefest of moments, using his legs for traction. He felt the knife shift, just marginally, but enough for him to keep trying.
Rapid footsteps came louder until the giggling madman was suddenly upon him. Sherlock could not help the scream that erupted from him when their bodies connected, and he silently hoped John would not double back just from hearing his cries.
Hell, he'd even take cocaine at this point; anything to distract him from where he was now... but then again, it would make his perception of the situation much worse. He hardly wanted to be violated by one of these monsters with his awareness heightened at its absolute peak, heart pounding as though it could burst at any moment.
“I don’t want any pity,” he warned. John did not remove his hand.
"Can you read to me?"
Whatever happened to John?
Checking the location of practice, Mycroft lifted an eyebrow. Almost as though the man were too good to be true, he was also located relatively close by: still within the state of Maryland.
"Yes, I would!"
"But he is still in surgery?" Mycroft asked suspiciously.
John could do very little with a shoulder full of buckshot. Sherlock was still out there, possibly dead, and if not, a subject of the clan's cruel amusement. Two mountain men were trying to kill him, and one of which had more cartridges for his shotgun on top of a bow and arrows. Behind him and his steadily winning opponent, a river raged. Death was imminent from nearly all sides.
He received the answer to his question regarding the whereabouts of Mary's head sooner than he had expected and not in a very pleasant manner. Suddenly a putrid scent signaling the presence of decomposition filled his nostrils, and he felt hair dragging against the exposed parts of his face and neck. Long hair. Amidst the smell of rotting meat and congealed blood, he could, very faintly, make out the brand of shampoo used by Mary.
A stop sign. Her heart leapt. The sign was very small, but she could see it nonetheless, and a sign meant higher traffic. Opening the driver's side door, she lifted herself above the hood and tried to make out the location of the street beyond such dense vegetation. If she was seeing correctly, she would have to turn around and regularly stop to keep her bearings of the sign itself. But her hope had been reignited.
On pure impulse, the one-eyed man-child gathered his quarry off the bed and looked around for a suitable place to hide the pale whore. It still wasn't moving, head lolling limply over One-Eye's shoulder as he lifted it. His gaze fell on a wooden apple crate, half-filled with bloodied old towels used to mop up blood and remains. It was large enough to contain the gangly Outsider and would hopefully hide One-Eye's transgression from the Patriarch's watchful eye.
"She's not back yet," Sherlock informed him and flopped onto the couch in a most ungraceful heap of long, lanky limbs. At least it was an improvement from yesterday, when he had dropped down half-dead. Plus he had remembered to put sun-block on his face and arms, which was certainly promising.
John's face twisted in confusion, baffled at the voices. For a moment he forgot their exchange and writhed at the sound of his friend's name. Was Sherlock nearby? Had they been rescued? No, of course not. John Watson was still in some redneck's yard, carried by paramedics, while Sherlock was likely getting raped or eaten.
“Yes, that would do very well,” John replied.
John opened his mouth to yell further insults at the detective, and though it would have been momentarily gratifying, he came to realize how unproductive it was, and Sherlock, despite his emotional shortcomings, did not deserve to be used as John's outlet for frustrations. He sat next to his friend on the couch and redirected his attention to the laptop screen.
"Away from me." Bitterness crept into Sherlock's voice and he averted his eyes, the small muscles around his jaw flexing as he clenched his teeth.
"Sherlock."
Perhaps his mother could had lived many years longer.
"Dig, John," Sherlock said imploringly. "This wall…" he rapped at the wall in question with his knuckles, "…faces outdoors. You can dig yourself out beneath it. Use the instrument as a spade. Hurry, though. The soil is tightly packed. It won't give easily. If they catch you…"
John finally managed a smile. As nervous as he had been last night to be intimate with Mary - and as much as he hated the idea of seeing the demographic of this resort flopping about naked in the water - he liked the sound of that. He would likely enjoy it much more after this morning having to humor Sherlock.
"Do what you must."
The air inside the trailer was stagnant and stuffy, but John assumed it was simply from the amount of time the trailer had been uninhabited. Sarah Cavanaugh had been missing for six days.
//Find Sherlock//
"Is this why you never wanted to spend the night with me?" he asked, very careful so as not to sound accusing or judgmental. "Because you were afraid I'd notice something?"
Sherlock squeezed his eyes shut, wishing he could also block his senses of taste and smell. He was too weak to fight back, and even then, he would only be hurt worse than before, and still be forced into pleasuring the bastard orally. The best he could do presently was escape into his mind in an attempt to block out what was about to happen. This had not been the first time he had done so (willingly or otherwise), and depending on the response of his captor, it might not be his last.
"William," he admonished," what have I told you about---"
“I love your accent!” she exclaimed as she looked up the name.
TBC...
As promised by the memory, he stayed safe. The arms around him were strong and did not let go. The smells and sounds of his surroundings did little to distract him in his little bubble of security.
Mary chuckled. “Are you serious?”
Sherlock is brought back as a captive and starts reflecting on his past.
Sherlock strained his arms again, wincing at the pain which shot through his forearm. The detective considered simply continuing to pull against his bonds so that the pain would distract him from the seemingly inevitable rape. It might further destroy his bones, but at least it would take all of his focus.
Sherlock did not look up at his partner, too engrossed in studying the evidence at hand.
The airport was getting close enough now that Mary could see it as well from her side of the taxi. She clasped at the arm strap of her carry-on bag in anticipation.
John gestured at his breathing apparatus, which was unfortunately now a necessary evil. The American doctors had obviously decided that his lungs were not strong enough to manage the oxygen transport to his body's tissues just yet, and John was tempted to believe them. He felt like shit run over twice. He was most likely also being given intravenous antibiotics to counter the pneumonia and every other infection his body might have picked up. With a slight shudder, John wondered if any of the shotgun pellets were still embedded in his flesh.
"I had to do something, wouldn't you say? Besides, this seems rather interesting. I need you to work with me on this."
John did not know the time, having not put on a watch, but based on the position of the sun, he surmised that the more prominent businesses had to be open. The three of them had heard the dollar store, being the closest and biggest source of food and supplies for miles, was open quite late in the day, so hopefully this also meant it opened early as well.
The detective took care in negotiating his escape, not only to maintain silence, but to avoid exacerbating his wounds. Even so, his movements must have been felt through every frayed, battered inch of his assaulted form. A strained whisper of a groan escaped his lips as he pulled himself free from the hole.
One of Mary’s hands caressed the center of John’s chest. He automatically squirmed again, but instead of being offended, his girlfriend smiled, amused with his skittish nature.
“A taxi might not take us out to the town… also, what if we needed to get out in a hurry?”
The pilot did as told, and though the day had been long and sunlight was now only available for a few hours more, a glittering caught Mycroft’s eye again, and the aircraft made its way toward a clearing, quite large by the elder Holmes’ estimate. Instead of a pond, he found himself staring with wide eyes at a massive gathering of automobiles.
"I seriously doubt that," John replied, inspecting the object. It was fashioned with a wooden, rounded handle, the metal half ending in a sharp scoop. John guessed it to be some kind of carving instrument.
Love conquers all... right? Flashback to a morning when Sherlock chose his work over John.
“Dick is the ex-husband,” Sherlock said, stopping her tirade. “Drinking, pushing, jaywalking. I’m listening.”
The man who dragged him from the riverbank answered. "I dunno, all I got was Sherlock. Izzat even a name?"
John’s eyes widened in bafflement and anger. “And that’s supposed to mean what?”
Mary. Sherlock recognized the bad peroxide dye job she'd had done to cover up a previous one that was even worse. Her mouse-brown roots were visible even now, when most of her hair was covered in dried blood and dirt. Below the forehead, however, Mary Morstan was no longer recognizable. Not much was left of her face. The mountain men had effectively sliced away all soft tissues, including the woman's lips, cheeks, eyes and tongue. Only her nose remained, looking bizarrely out of place surrounded by what was practically a grinning cranium, surreal in its ghastliness when compared to the vibrant woman it had been just little over a day ago.
John was not particularly worried about the boarded space between their stalls; it was sloppy work and he was confident that he could clear a large enough space for Sherlock to crawl through in no time at all. Something that did concern him was Sherlock's state of health.
Only after his initial frustration had eased slightly did he notice the writing equipment the other had passed him. He might not be able to speak nor move his right arm a whole lot, but John was left-handed and fortunately his left hand still obeyed his brain's commands relatively well, even though it was shaking moderately when he picked the pencil up and positioned it over the lined paper.
Sherlock felt his ear twitch when he heard something sizzling, likely pieces of the meat. He was determined to refuse any meat they might provide. Was there any chance that the carcass they'd brought in was that of an animal? Knowing what he did about the monsters holding him captive, he doubted it. There had to be other things to eat, right? Fruits, vegetables, roots… The family would have developed scurvy otherwise. If anything, the clan might also gather canned goods or nearby berries from the woods. He would only eat these, and not what was sizzling in the nearby pot, because the more he thought about it, the less he could convince himself that the meat being prepared was not Mary Morstan.
“Surprising you. And it took damn forever. I couldn’t standing anymore waiting.” He turned his head to regard Mary, smiling politely. “Hello, Mary.”
“But suppose something did happen to her…?” she asked.
"Like this, John?" Sherlock purred, his voice thick with need as his skilled fingers fisted John's engorged manhood. His grasp, stronger and steadier than a woman's often tentative fondling, could have brought John to climax in less than a minute.
"Your nurse has already told me all that," Mycroft said tiredly. For a moment, he could have sworn Nasim looked disappointed. "You were supposed to give me a more detailed account of his condition and... injuries."
“So you admit that there are no attractive nudists,” Sherlock said.
"Coming, my dear!" John called back with mock cheerfulness as he struggled with his robe. The waistband was still nowhere to be found, and John had to accept the possibility that Sherlock might have pulled it loose and discarded it somewhere outside the room.
John replaced all of the pills except one. The one he kept dug into his sweaty palm and he had to force himself to open his hand, lest the engravings dissolve and render the pills unidentifiable.
"Mr. Holmes."
“When you did… all this,” he gestured at their surroundings. “Be honest. When you came along and changed our plans… was it really for the case? Or was it to disrupt my time with Mary?”
The scrawny whore lay on the floor, fresh blood coating its thighs and ass-crack. Three-finger threw a hateful glance at it, hoping it would bleed out. If only they'd killed it and its pudgy little companion at once, they would not be in this mess. Now Outsiders were threatening their home, their very existence, all because Sawtooth had wanted a shiny new toy.
"He's been taken to the PACU where he will undergo anesthesia reversal and extubation," Missy explained. The man seemed familiar enough with medical jargon on this level, and she continued relaying the news of his brother's surgery.
Your brother, Mycroft noted. His suspicions that Sherlock's general situation had been explained prior were confirmed.
"And then we have to ask this next one," Missy continued, and Mycroft knew what the question would be. Of course. "Has he been using any illegal substances?"
Sherlock tried not to struggle, as he knew it would only make his wounds worse and bring the loss of blood to a faster pace, but at the same time he feared the giant might lose his grip or sadistically let go, allowing the jaws to slam shut again.
Sherlock bellowed out from excitement when he opened the door to the first bedroom. "I'll choose this one!" he called over his shoulder at his flatmate. Had it just been the two of them, John would not have bothered to object. Sherlock was used to having space, and the doctor knew how impossible he could become if he was denied it. The problem this time, however, was that Sherlock had chosen the bigger of the two bedrooms, consequently also with the bigger bed.
Ferguson stared at him incredulously. "You can't seriously believe a group of mountain men have taken Sarah, can you? That's just..."
"Sherlock's fine, I assure you," John hurried to say. Only to realize that it was a blatant lie.
“Before I answer,” Sherlock said, “do not shout again, because we all know how jumpy airport security is…”
“Uh oh,” Mary lingered next to him. “What this time?”
He quickly spun on his heel, ready to exit the sauna, when it occurred to him that John had remained seated and made no move to follow. His face took on a look of exhilarated desperation, bordering on mania.
"And I told
“Are you hurt?” she asked, turning back to look at him once more.
“Considering Sherlock, it might not take anything done by us to be forcibly removed,” John remarked, trying very hard not to squirm. Part of him was constantly saying over and over in his head that Mary did not care how he looked, that she liked him just fine despite the extra pounds. But another nasty part of him gave him the urge to dash for his robe or towel as soon as he was so much as halfway out of the pool. He hated the way his belly pressed against Mary before anything else on his body did.
He did, but not before blessing the receptionist with a few more of his scathing deductions.
"Disappearances? You mean there's more?"
Fortunately, luck was in his favor. Most of the resort-goers were using the outdoor pool and enjoying the warm weather and sunny skies. At the most, two men were entering the sauna at the far end of the indoor pool. Otherwise, the pool itself was empty, save for one. Mary was swimming the length of the pool, and as ordered by resort etiquette, was quite naked. She might not have had the most fit of forms, but she was still in much better shape than any of the women John had seen ever since entering Avalon. John found himself smiling at the sight of her body as she awaited his arrival.
Mary makes a decision and takes a wrong turn.
“You and I both know that food is no way to deal with stress,” Sherlock retorted, purposefully ignoring his friend’s point. “I don’t want to end up looking like you.”
She slapped the steering wheel in response to her inattention and, with considerable effort, pushed the image out of her mind. John had been genuinely sorry for breaking her trust and would not do it again. Or so she wanted to believe.
TBC...
Sherlock made a dismissive gesture with his hand. "I took the liberty to cancel your booking. Fortunately I got to it in time. You will not be charged."
Mary handed him her case in approval, but John's attempt at valiance ended in humiliation as he soon realized that he was too short to properly reach the overhead compartment where carry-on luggage was stored during a flight. Being forced to stand on his tiptoes, the doctor had to more or less throw the bag in, which earned him a few disproving glares from the passengers around him.
His voice had steeled and he gave his partner and friend an expectant glance which asked him to lead the way. Sherlock nodded and together the two men walked the road, following the tire tracks. Though neither spoke, both were hoping they could reach the destination of the criminals before nightfall. Thank goodness for summer hours.
He took one step toward his unruly son, and Three-finger snarled defensively, standing his ground. This expression of impudence had been a bad idea, and a scarred, massive fist shot outward and grabbed him by what little of his blond hair he had, shoving him to the floor with an audible thud. It still intrigued the patriarch that someone so small could still hit the ground so loudly. Sneering at the whore nearby, Sawtooth stood over his willful son and began to unfasten his own clothing.
They had managed to draw blood, but the flow had stopped minutes after the wound was inflicted, and John, having a medical degree, was fairly certain they had not hit any vital organs or major blood vessels. In truth, he was more concerned about the bite from the idiot, but he saw no reason to make his concerns known to his already agonized friend.
Within the fraction of a second it became obvious to the detective that the small one was not going to take heed of the giant's warning bellow. Instead the creature flipped the knife in its hand and lifted it above its head, and Sherlock watched it coming toward him in a slow, murderous arc, appearing trapped in suspended animation for a moment that seemed to go on forever.
"Sherlock, since there are two of us, and only one of you..." John began, but the detective whisked his protest away.
The oafish monster's head perked as he looked around, having clearly heard the small sound. He listened closer, hoping to hear more. John's heart had of course not stopped, though presently he wondered if his pursuer would now hear it pounding.
"Mycroft," the younger Holmes repeated, and due to his cognitive haze, he initially failed to realize how distorted his pronunciation was, particularly regarding the consonants. Mycroft's name, spoken by him now, sounded more like "Nyy-clofth".
“O-oh…” he nearly stammered. “Alright.” Hesitant, he finally sat down on the edge of the mattress. Down to his boxer shorts, he realized this was the most naked he had ever been around Mary. He wondered how naked Mary was underneath that sheet. Supposedly he would find out in a few seconds.
TBC...
The detective seemed able to sense his friend's hesitation through their linked fingers.
“Are you ready?” The question was clearly a tease.
A quick glance at the man told Mycroft that he had spent somewhere between three to five years stationed in Iraq, and though his record appeared spotless at first glance, there was a reason why J. Bening had never advanced above the rank of corporal in the military. The man had a fondness for gambling and prostitutes, some of which were on the young side.
Mycroft held back the urge to sigh into the phone.
"There's no one here," Bening, the anglophobe with a military background, suddenly announced. "Let's take Mr. Holmes back to the helicopter."
Mary tried one last time to instigate some sort or arousal, tickling at one of his nipples.
"Sherlock?"
TBC...
Not that Mycroft was at all surprised, not where his younger brother was concerned. But after John Watson had entered their world, the civil servant had to admit that a few - only a few - improvements had been made. Sherlock had for the most part agreed to keep his brother reassured as to his present condition, whether or not he was taking his medication and where he was located, if Mycroft was so lucky. It was a suitable bargain, as it left Sherlock feeling less intruded upon and mothered, and Mycroft remained satisfied.
A subtle surprise passed over Mycroft's face, which also read of predictable disbelief. Of course, anyone who might have been told the situation would have found it a hard yarn to swallow. Stories like these came from movies and lurid novels.
But then another sound reached his ears, and he realized it was coming from the bedroom next door. Though muffled by the wall, he could easily determine what it was.
Another twitch passed over Sherlock’s face. Both the doctor and close friend in John wanted to simply hand him the pill.
Gravity did the rest. The inbred creature lost its balance and stumbled, but the steely arms did not loosen, and John felt the dreadful sensation of falling backwards down the slope. Both bodies rolled halfway down, and finally John was freed from the thing's grip. He scrambled to his feet as quickly as he could, but unsurprisingly, his opponent was quicker, having an entire life's worth of practice. Muscles tensed under the mountain man's arms like steel cords, and without a knife, he resorted to spreading his spidery fingers like claws. What had once been dangling spittle was looking dangerously close to frenzied foam.
That will not happen to us, John thought. We'll get out yet. I have to believe it.
"I'm thirty-four," Mary reminded him. "I don't feel like a girl." She left out the mention that twenty years ago, she had envisioned herself married with  children at this age.
His grip on the crowbar tightened further as he rounded a corner that would offer him better insight into the backyard. The doctor later supposed he had his army days to thank for his above-average reflexes, because the moment he stepped into view, a hatchet was swung at him and very likely would have severed his head from his neck had he not dodged before his conscious mind was made aware of the danger.
"Of course." Missy inclined her head and sauntered off, but not before giving the doctor a quick yet pointed glance, as if wordlessly asking "how did it go?" The smile remained on Nasim's face, friendly but strained. Mycroft was fairly sure of the type of news he was going to share.
The hard-headed nurse's expression softened when she sensed his admitted defeat. "Maybe you should sit down, sir," she suggested. "Have a cup of coffee, or tea. No offense, but you aren't looking too well."
“Just get back here already.” John was beginning to writhe on the bed, desperate to be touched again.
Little Will tried to see things his brother's way, but what about his way? Certainly the cream helped for his rash, and deep down he understood the purpose of the diapers for his inevitable accidents, but he resented the need for both, the sense that he was still being treated like a baby. Were he older, he might have realized the irony of his predicament.
"What...? You're sure? We've been out for ninety minutes." John called out his girlfriend's name once more and was met with nothing but silence.
"Did he give any reason as to why he nearly killed Sherlock that night?"
"This is my assistant, John Watson," Sherlock replied. "He'll be joining us for the interview. That's fine with you, I presume?"
"But what if someone came in through a window...?" John tried, but was met with an eye-roll from Sherlock.
A look at the formative years of The British Government and his little brother.
Instead of continuing with the windshield, the cackling thing jumped down from the roof and took a swing at the front passenger window, shattering it and peering inside. Mary was in disbelief that a human being could look so horrible. Giggling and grinning with more gums than teeth, it reached through the broken window for the lock.
John had long since given up fighting against the current. Instead he focused his remaining strength on keeping his head above the surface, which turned out to be quite a challenge in itself for a wounded man with limited mobility in his upper limbs and having suffered major bloodloss. Occasionally he inhaled too early, or a fraction of a second too late, and water entered his mouth, threatening to fill his lungs.
She kept chanting the words to herself, as if uttering them enough times would make them true.
Mycroft knew that his deeply seated anger at the doctor was hardly rational, as Sherlock's chosen companion had been through his own personal hell, but he simply could not get over the fact that John Watson had abandoned Sherlock, and given the chance, chosen to save his own hide. Mycroft would never forgive him for it. Not as long as he drew breath.
"Shall I contact any therapists or doctors in Britain yet?" she asked. "Psychiatrists? Perhaps one of your personal contacts?
Backing himself away from the corner, he sniffed the air again, realizing that never before in their investigation of the property had there been a smell of sweat and unwashed, vile bodies. He looked around at the backyard and then finally toward the cabin roof, where something seemed to move. Before he had time to consider what the thing was, it stepped forward, and the first clear thought Sherlock had was that it was holding a knife. By then, the figure was leaping off of the roof and towards him.
A shame he could not simply text via a landline, but alas. Rising from his seat, he left the room, dialed the number on a nearby public phone, and listened to the ring. A female staff member answered.
John settled back into his seat, at a loss for words. Like the discovery of Sherlock's medication, John somehow thought he would have been trusted with such information. But then again, after last night's row, perhaps he really did not deserve that trust.
"Sherlock…" John stood before his friend, faced with the mammoth task of trying to talk him out of going, based on a hunch alone. Sherlock sneered derisively at 'hunches' not substantiated by hard-boiled, empirical data. And still, John's gut told him that they were both in grave danger, and if he could not convince Sherlock to abandon the search, he could at least say he tried.
Mycroft felt like asking if doctors at this hospital habitually referred to their unconscious patients as if they were museum artifacts, or if the cavalier way of phrasing the question had to do with English not being Nasim's first language. He bit back the scathing comment and trailed after the surgeon to the post-anesthesia care unit.
The transatlantic flight passed with surprising speed, which could at least in part be attributed to John's eagerness to leave England behind. He had not been abroad since returning from Afghanistan, and that certainly had been anything but a vacation. Still he woke up certain nights, gasping and covered in cold sweat with the sound of gunfire roaring in his ears and the hot, desert sun baking him mercilessly.
The Outsider didn't move until Three-finger poked at his ribs with his thick, malformed middle-finger which had earned him his name. The whore twitched, attempting to twist away from the mountain man so as to avoid his touch. Three-finger giggled, prodding the whore even harder, this time leaving a red mark on its skin.
Mycroft was grateful that the hospital staff had at least had the common sense to give Sherlock a room of his own. The younger man would not be pleasant to deal with when he woke up. Correction -
Three-finger rarely slept for more than an hour at a time. His overactive body and mind made him constantly wakeful and agitated, and the closeness to his younger brother's large, heavy frame made any kind of rest difficult to find in their shared bed. One-Eye had refused to move into a bed of his own. Despite having grown to a size twice that of his older sibling, One-Eye needed Three-finger, perhaps even more now than he did as a baby.
Sawtooth was pleased with the development of things. He had been worried for a while after One-Eye, stupid as always, had let their second quarry escape into the woods. He'd feared that the fat little man would be clever enough to evade capture and perhaps even bring the piggies, with the flashing lights and loud, obnoxious sirens, into the heart of their den.
A new wave of white-hot pain flared through his trapped leg and further into every fiber of his being when he was suddenly yanked back with excessive force. The idiot had grasped the chain of the bear trap and tugged on it, snorting gleefully at the detrimental effect it had on their plaything.
"We'll get you something to drink in just a minute." John watched as the long, lean muscles in Sherlock's limbs began to shake, and he realized Sherlock was in danger of passing out again. He had to be rehydrated, quickly.
John sobbed for perhaps two minutes before he was able to get a hold of himself again. He hardly needed any further burden to his breathing, and he had allowed himself his moment of tears.
The sun was shining brightly now in the sky, but the day was still early enough that the heat had not yet surrounded John and Sherlock in their tiny prison. Even so, John was sweating in tiny rivers. For the past hour and thirty minutes, he had been madly digging at the dirt like a mutt desperately trying to hide a recently acquired bone. Sherlock had been silent for the duration, but John could still hear him breathing evenly, or so the doctor persisted, desperate not to worry or think of anything which would slow down his digging.
Then again, knowing their luck, Sherlock would shit himself. Mycroft shoved the thought away and focused on his brother's distressed state, not to mention how to make it right. Perhaps not make it right, but to quiet it for a while.
"Who lives here?!" Mary suddenly exclaimed as if in disbelief of what her eyes had told her. "There are people who live here... aren't there? Actual people?"
Sawtooth could not perform again so shortly after his latest climax - which he'd regrettably wasted on Three-finger - but that didn’t mean he could not have fun with his new toy in other ways. He considered making the whore clean his member using its tongue, but knowing his luck, the smooth little rat would probably puke all over his lap, just like it had when he made it suck him the previous day.
Only one man in the world could make Sherlock feel so small, so young, so stupid, so… entirely useless without even uttering any words, and callous bastard that he was, Mycroft always exploited it to the limit. Unable to launch a verbal comeback, Sherlock felt more powerless than ever. He wanted to scream, kick, scratch, tear, bite… Anything to unleash the overpowering feeling of anger and helplessness forced so cruelly upon him.
"I don't imagine he's told anyone. I only knew about it because I was there to see the damage done to him."
"Is he alright?" Mary asked as she re-entered the main room, now clothed in a white cotton tank top - although no bra - and pink hotpants, her wet hair pulled back in a ponytail. "Is there anything I can do?"
John felt deeply embarrassed about the fact that Mary seemed aware of his dire financial situation and thus suggested something that would minimize their expenses. They were on vacation, dam it! Now was not the time to worry about expenses.
“This has been cast in stone for nearly two months now,” he continued. I have a chance to go on holiday and enjoy some time with Mary. Your opinion of her notwithstanding, I am deeply looking forward to traveling with her.”
He had barely started his descent before he heard that damnable laugh in the distance, something that he might hear in his nightmares if he were to survive this ordeal. Stumbling as he climbed, he scrambled downward and clung to a small wall where land had been carved out from floods in the past, suggesting that for all of the trouble he would have in crossing the river, at least the waters were not as deep as they once had been. He pressed against the wall, listening as the deranged giggling became steadily louder.
TBC...
TBC...
"Can I ask you a question, Sherlock?"
“My head hurts,” Sherlock argued, giving a frown which bordered on a childish pout. “I will not be fine. And give me the damn camera!”
"I told you, my assistant…"
The plump one cried out from beneath his gag, clearly trying to get the patriarch's attention, likely arguing against his companion's treatment. Sawtooth only ignored him, and his relatives turned their interest towards the whining piece of meat, Three-finger clawing playfully at bits of flesh and One-Eye rubbing his hands against a disgusted face.
"Alright, you want the truth?" he offered, holding up his hands. "Sherlock is my ex. But I promise I haven't slept with him during the time we've been dating. Except today. I made a mistake, Mary. I didn't... send you away intending to sleep with him. I never meant for this to happen."
Sherlock lifted an eyebrow, patience wearing thin. "Yes?"
With an annoyed sigh, John clicked the current game away. He was hopelessly out-maneuvered by his opponent, and their flight would soon be departing anyway. He might as well fold.
However, once in his sibling's freckled arms, William gave the clear impression of shivering, a motion which eased off within seconds as he clung like moss to the larger body. Of course, Mycroft realized. Being in only a diaper, the boy was cold. Mycroft silently chastised himself for his biased judgment. Someone of his sense and rationality should not have been so quick to be swayed by his frustrations, even with someone as tiresome as his brother. He would have to watch himself in the future for similar assumptions.
“It’s a nudist resort in the backwoods,” Sherlock said, impatience in his tone. “They’d rather not bring too much unwanted attention.”
"A taxi is here to take us to the hotel," she announced, walking with him and waving toward a hallway where an elevator awaited.
"Careful, sir," an officer said, holding out an arm to prevent him from coming any closer. "You don't want to fall in."
Sherlock lay limp in the grasp of the huge oafish man-child, trying to force his senses to shut down and his mind to block out the vileness of his keeper. The creature's thick, muscular arms were wrapped around him so tightly that he could barely breathe, and the thing pressed his face against Sherlock's neck, nuzzling the short, curly strands of hair on his nape and inhaling the scent of his terror. At least the one-eyed degenerate had stopped tugging on the chain to the bear trap, which was still very much attached to the unfortunate detective's limb.
Asking for directions in Cumberland rewarded the group with derisive looks, though not to anyone’s surprise. When someone finally did look at their map – casting another sidelong glance in regards to the scribbling – John and Mary’s guessed route turned out to be correct.
Glancing out the window, John could see the airport coming into view, and he smirked. “Some days I worry he’ll require nappies, just for the attention.”
Eyes wide, John stared in disbelief. “What ‘stuff’?” His voice was low, but still audible amidst the commotion of the airport.
"Protection, Sherlock," John reminded him. "Did you bring condoms as well?"
Though Sherlock's heart rate was still 120 beats a minute, his breathing was less laboured than before, and John took that as a good sign. He brought a can of Coke for his friend, briefly holding the cool aluminum against said friend's overheated cheek. Sherlock's eyes closed, and a pink tongue snaked out to wet already moist, full lips. In another context, it would have been a highly erotic sight, and John had to remind himself that he was there as Sherlock's doctor, not lover.
He waved towards the branches. Indeed, they looked as though someone had propped them  up to block something from sight. Pulling them away, the men saw a worn down path leading deeper into the woods.
For a moment the two simply stared at each other in a silent challenge. Things had been tense between them ever since their initial disagreement regarding their captive, and the tension was still present, much like an electric charge. Sawtooth cursed his eldest's stubborn nature. He should have known Three-finger would not give up that easily. Perhaps some further use of discipline was indeed required.
John let out a breath he hadn't released he was holding, and slowly he also released his spastic hold on the stone. The immediate danger seemed to be over for now, but the doctor was utterly lost as far as how to proceed from here. Without Sherlock he truly was lost, both literally and figuratively. The detective always took the initiative and made the decisions, John blindly following his experienced lead. He had virtually been doing the same in Afghanistan; taking orders from his superiors without question. It made him feel… secure, somehow. Forced to make his own decisions, John quickly felt his fate spiraling out of control.
John was done with the trivialities. He could not stay here any longer. Struggling to speak to the eagerly listening stranger, all he could think of was his friend.
The thought aroused an idea in the skinny hunter's warped brain. Glancing back at his family once more and judging them to be too distracted to notice, he scurried off to a cabinet and searched until he found a specific bottle.
“You don’t have to, you know,” he stated. “You can still back out if you want.”
"Hook it up to my laptop," the detective urged. He made an attempt to sit up and reach out for said piece of electronic, but the dizziness quickly overcame him and forced him to recline, hands pressed to his temples. New pearls of sweat broke out along his hairline, and he could feel them trickling down his forehead. John had soaked a small terrycloth towel in icy water and handed it to him; something Sherlock accepted without any grumbling this time.
Sherlock smirked. “Please. I wouldn’t have made it out of the country if that were the case. Besides, why would he send someone when he knew I was with you?”
At the last possible moment, the skinny monster was knocked aside, thrown off of him and bashed from its grip of the knife, which fell harmless on the ground next to Sherlock. If he could manage to fight the haze brought on by pain and head trauma, he might be able to procure the blade for himself. He would not be able to defeat both of them, but he might have a chance of killing at least one, rage of the survivor be damned.
He looked up at the trees, which seemed all the more taller and oppressive in the dimming light, and he deeply wished and he were home in London, that he had never left home in the first place. Perhaps in his native country, even a crime as gruesome as this could have been battled much more efficiently.
"Well, nobody ever said I was the outdoors type," John argued, following him.
Was there any chance that Sherlock was even still alive?
Mary looked away, though she still listened to the apology nonetheless. “I hope this isn’t some marriage proposal to win me back.”
"John...?" Now the woman's voice had taken on a rather guarded, suspicious tone.
TBC...
"Stay with me, Lockie," Mycroft pleaded, although it came out sounding more like an order.
“It’s a good thing we could spot that sign,” Mary remarked as they carefully navigated the twists and turns of the narrow road. “You would think the resort didn’t want anyone finding it.”
Sherlock's previous experiences with therapists had not been positive. Besides, there was no point discussing or making plans concerning the younger Holmes' mental health until they were sure he was going to survive the ordeal.
Sherlock scoffed, leaning back in his seat. "Of course, that is the only way these "people" can communicate." He suddenly felt his thirst and regretted not buying a drink from the airport. John, however, had bought a bottle of 7up and stuffed it into his carry-on bag. Sherlock reached for the drink, thinking that he had preferred another brand - preferably something containing caffeine - but he decided not to mention it.
Damn it all to hell. He was stuck.
“Perhaps so. But then again,” he said, “so am I. We complement each other.”
"Please consult them then," he finally told the doctor. "I wish to have him revived."
Mycroft placed William's soiled pyjama bottoms in a plastic bag before dumping them in the laundry bin and then turned to the arduous task of cleaning his little brother. William had developed a diaper rash on his buttocks and groin, making his delicate, pale skin puffy, red and sore. The Holmeses had attempted to treat the troublesome condition with various ointments and powders throughout the years, but Mycroft knew that as long as his brother was required to wear diapers, the rashes were prone to returning.
Whichever was true, Sherlock suspected he would find out soon enough.
He was rewarded with a laugh instead of a moan.
"That's quite remarkable," Mary admitted. "But if that's true, he's surprisingly forgetful about some things..."
John gave the red, already flaking nature of his partner’s skin another look and smirked.
"Four sets of tracks by this man, going in opposite directions. Steel-toed boots, the brand is, if my memory serves me correctly, a Timberland Pro product. This fellow is too large to obtain his shoes from a common shoe store, so he'd probably have to get them custom-made. But he's not bothered to acquire new boots in the past fifteen to twenty years, so either he doesn't have the means to do so, or it's not on his list of priorities."
The most direct way involved the younger Holmes' personal website. Others might not think much of a banal post with the occasional typo, but Mycroft easily translated, reassured that a pill had been swallowed. And if Sherlock forgot - or likely was not in the mood to update - John would do so for him on his own blog, at least as far as his flatmate's whereabouts were concerned. After all, the doctor hadn't known about Sherlock's medication until recently.
Sherlock watched his small, brave friend collapse into a heap on the floor, and briefly wondered how John would have felt knowing he landed face-first in Sherlock's lap.
Despite the littered ground Sherlock's move to the helicopter was swift and efficient. Stepping out of the way, Mycroft watched his brother pass. The tendons in his jaw tightened, and for a moment he wanted to keep in step with the gurney, to perhaps fulfill some natural contract of keeping an eye on him like a real big brother would. A mental image passed of him clasping Sherlock's hand like some serialized medical drama. But it passed without incident. This was not how he did things. Even so, his current state would have likely put him on the ground after only a few hurried steps, and then he would have been of no use to anyone. Instead he followed at his own pace, Anthea trailing close behind as though even the uneven terrain of this hellhole meant nothing on feet used to parading around in heels.
"What," John said, elbowing him, "is that what Mycroft used to do?"
They left Avalon with only a few words uttered between them. The sun was quickly descending into the west, and John estimated they had less than two hours of daylight left. He hardly dared to consider the options if they came up with nothing on this excursion.
"Don't even think about going," Sherlock hissed at him as they entered Bobbi's mobile "home". "We all know that your habit of gambling plays a large part in your poor finances."
"I see." Mycroft waved one elegant hand at John through the screen. "But you did find something else. The medication he sometimes "forgets" to take?"
"I couldn't stop him, but it occurred to me I could do something else," Sherlock added. "So I did."
John was fairly confident he could squeeze through despite his plumpness, and if he managed, Sherlock would not have any difficulties.
"Should we be worried?" he asked.
"What's this?" she demanded to know.
“You may as well give them a shoulder to cry on,” Sherlock once said, “you’re a doctor, you’ve got the bedside manner.”
John considered “accidentally” dropping the camera.
"He has not come out of his room since yesterday," John said slowly, unsure of how much he should reveal to Mycroft. "And he refuses to speak to me. He's not even invested in the case anymore. I fear he might be lapsing into a depression."
Predicting the phone conversation made the reality no less terrifying. Most others who might have seen Mycroft at present would think him the unequivocal picture of apathy, and at almost any other time, the presumption would have likely been true. Were Sherlock present, however, the signs would have been clear as day. Mycroft's stillness was as great as the panic which scrambled through every corner of his brain. He swallowed away the dryness and found himself unable to sufficiently wet his throat.
“She’s not right for you,” Sherlock insisted, refusing to take his hand away. “It’s not a good match, the two of you.”
"Are you absolutely certain?" Sherlock asked, sounding just a little too doubtful for John's taste. Did his friend really have so little faith in him and his abilities? He might not be a genius, but he was well-aware of the consequences bound to follow an erroneous judgment. The mental image of getting stuck while trying to wriggle through the hole he had dug was, in a sense, comical, but the humorous aspect was quickly erased when he imagined one of their captors finding either him or Sherlock in such a helpless state.
Predictably, the consulting detective was sitting or rather half-lying on the sofa and ferociously kicking the wall with his right foot, which was starting to take on a rather angry shade of red from the abuse.
"He does," John replied, feeling a little more at ease with the particular memory. "He was defensive at first, which was understandable. But I assured him it changed nothing between us."
"I'm sorry I couldn't come up with a better solution, but you should leave for a while, Mary. Go to the pub, have a drink. Or the Nudsino. I hear it's a fun experience."
Another attempt is made at waking Sherlock.
Mycroft hesitated ordering (no, "suggesting"; he had to remind himself he was on US soil and technically had no jurisdiction here) the SWAT team to unearth the grave, fearful of what they might find. He tried to convince himself that it would not make any sense for the mountain men to have buried a freshly killed corpse, as their primary motivation for hunting humans was to put food in their bellies, and that the recently upturned soil was more likely to contain meat buried for preservation purposes.
Like Sherlock.
John nodded contemplatively, thinking back on his conversation with the elder Holmes, and how Mycroft had said virtually the same thing. Perhaps they could breathe out for now.
"I'm forwarding you some therapists in both rehabilitation and psychology," she declared. "Both locally here and in London."
The space where he had been sequestered was sealed shut. He had no air. He clawed at the material, whimpering. Where the hell was he? Who was doing this to him? Seb? His father?
The doctor seemed in a daze, but he swallowed, his throat feeling so dry, and then nodded. "Shall we go back to the trail we found earlier?" he asked, steeling his mind and desperate to stamp out his faint feeling.
"If you'd known, would you still have left me?"
“Behaving like a child is not going to change my plans on leaving,” the doctor finally said.
He barely had time to consider what might happen next when he was bitten. Though John's voice was muffled, he had still shouted quite loudly from the bite, and the giant jolted in surprise at the sharp cry of pain. The mere sight of the furious brute stomping towards John frightened him, and he expected a huge fist to hit him hard enough to break his neck, or dislocate his jaw at the very least. So it surprised him that the mountain man stormed right past him - Sherlock still hanging limply over his shoulder - to slap the childish one for biting.
Not long passed before the idiot was once again standing by the bed, his two filthy hands pawing at the detective's bound form. Sherlock did not lift his head to look at the mountain man even when the creature leaned in to place an experimental lick on his ear.
TBC...
"I'll get you out of there," he said, setting to work on the ancient lock. "Don't worry."
Now Sherlock really felt like crying. He resisted, but fighting back the tears only caused them to escape, and the rivulets left glaringly clean lines amidst the grime and blood of his face. A gnarled hand, its middle digits fused together, smeared the tears and mucus over Sherlock's face, then wiped drool from the lunatic's lips onto the detective's own, a childish spur-of-the-moment gesture. Even worse, the rotten hunk of bone, hair and meat was still in the creature's other hand, lolling about like some demented party favor from hell. Mary's eyes were gone, but the empty sockets still seemed to stare at him. Accusingly.
Sherlock wanted to lie, both to Mycroft and himself. He did not want to remember anything from his stay in this damnable country. But his brother would no doubt retell what he knew of the story. The younger Holmes finally squeezed once.
"This place looks familiar," Sherlock said, his voice very low as he came to a complete stop.
was more alcohol to dull the rest of his senses and what he
What then? Even with the oaf dead, Sherlock still had a broken arm and a torn leg, not to mention disorientation brought on by extensive blood loss and several blows to the head. He could not be expected to walk, let alone search his way out of the woods in hope of finding something akin to civilization.
John felt like absolute shit. Neither of he or Mary were able to get to sleep very easily that night.
"Then perhaps you can see to that?" Sherlock inquired, raising an eyebrow. "John and I will be busy working on the case. Can you find your way there, or must I draw you a map?"
"Sherlock," he tried again. "I did some research... online, while you were asleep. I know this is Clozapine."
Mycroft hooked his leg around his brother's only existing one to keep him firmly secured, wondering if Sherlock had taken note of his missing limb just yet. How much of the situation did he comprehend? Mycroft had to remind himself that the inability to speak did not necessarily suggest the inability to communicate in other ways, despite the Holmes' obvious preference for oral communication.
Anger and frustration flared again. Fists clenched, he tried to remain calm as he wrote out his explanation. He had not wanted to leave his friend, partner, and lover behind. In fact, he still cursed himself for leaving Sherlock's side, especially when all it got him was being stuck and voiceless in a hospital bed with a condescending ginger bastard giving him the third degree.
"I doubt that matters. Now take it. Doctor's orders," he added in a mock-stern voice. To his surprise, Sherlock did not argue and washed down the 100 milligrams of Clozapine with some water.
Mycroft sharply looked towards her, and his face took on the quality of a storm cloud, dark and foreboding. "Why on Earth would I do that?"
"I do not care what you think," he finally said, keeping his head high. "This is no business of yours. You are not a part of this relationship, whether you like to believe so or not."
The surgeon momentarily hesitated before speaking, and from experience, Mycroft knew that that was never a good sign. People were always eager to tell you the good news but hesitant to deliver the bad ones.
The detective grasped the handle of a small refrigerator, hesitated, and finally opened it. As expected, a smell of mold and spoiled food poured out. Sherlock ignored John’s groan at the stench and knelt down, looking within.
Opening the door to the indoor pool, John was hit with the strong smell of chlorine. Not that he was surprised. In a nudist resort, it made sense to maintain as high of a hygiene statute as possible. It was supposedly the reason people could not wear bathing suits when using the pool or hot-tub. Even so, enough stories of people contracting horrendous infections from public Jacuzzis had put him off to using them, chlorine levels or not.
Much like how the chlorine had taken John aback when he first entered the pool, the sudden wave of heat within the sauna was a surprise, though John had expected it all the same. Already Mary was spreading out her towel and reclining on a bench. Not one to look as though blasé about any activities, John undid his own towel and took a seat next to her, although he put his arms in front of his torso, as an awkward attempt to obscure his stomach.
When Sherlock nudged him on the shoulder, he looked up to see a crowbar being offered to him. Clenching his fists for a moment, John stood up and took his weapon.
"Sherlock!"
Mary's smooth, sleek body rubbed against his own underneath the surface of the water, and the contact predictably brought forth a familiar stir of arousal in him. His cock twitched with interest, accompanied by warmth pooling in the pit of his stomach which quickly spread downward.
Finally breaking from her astonishment, Mary numbly walked out of the room, still caught up in what she had just discovered.
“Hopefully the rooms are comfortable,” Mary remarked. A hand touched John’s knee, making him squirm out of instinct. “With a nice big bed.”
He could only hope that Sherlock's addiction-driven personality would not turn to drugs during his absence.
"I hope so."
Sherlock expected to return to the likely now repaired plywood prison from which he and John - oh, dearest John - had escaped, but instead he was lowered onto a tattered, lumpy cushion on the floor. He yelped when his arms were deliberately moved, binding him to the rusty leg of a heavy iron stove, but otherwise, he was left where he lay.
Sawtooth stared at the skinny, unblemished body hanging so delectably before him with a sudden hunger that was different from the kind that demanded he fill his stomach. He desired this Outsider. As a food source the man would be poor; his body, as had been established, consisted mostly of skin, bone and sinews. He was considerably lighter than a man his height should be, which suggested he'd been starving. Outsiders rarely starved these days. Rather they were fat, slow, big to the point that hunting them down came easy.
"Quaint little town," Mycroft said, his sarcasm thick enough to cut with a knife. "The former, obviously."
Technically the trailer used to be red. Time and sunlight had faded the paint into a dull pink. John and Sherlock looked around, noting that they had reached the U-turn which navigated cars back to the beginning of the main road. For someone so uncomfortable about being interviewed in the forest, Bobbi had her trailer incredibly close to it.
Mycroft poured himself a generous helping of whiskey and leaned back in his chair, letting the liquor warm his mouth and insides. He tried to convince himself that nothing untoward was going on. Only two days had passed, and his brother and John Watson were on a vacation.
That blasted little midget. It was still tempting to put the full blame for what had happened on John Watson, but there was no way the rational part of Mycroft's brain could justify it. Sherlock himself bore the brunt of the responsibility for what had happened to him.
"I've been better."
The American law enforcement officers in their standard black SWAT gear, strangely reminiscent of ants or worker bees, shouted commands and exchanged information at decibel levels that were decidedly damaging to the civil servant's eardrums, and Mycroft suddenly wished he had received the phone call
Sherlock frowned in confusion. "I'm sorry?"
John could not help feeling as though he should be laying down on a sofa as Mycroft took notes. He then had to wonder how Sherlock himself would do in a psychologist's office. He had to have been sent to a psychologist at least once in his past, and knowing Sherlock, the interaction could not have gone well.
"Yer from England?" the odd-looking receptionist asked as she lumbered away to bring the keys to their cabin. The rear view of her was similarly unappealing, and John was grateful that she at least wore the knee-length wrap-around skirt that concealed certain parts.
The medical evacuation members were quick and efficient as they entered the hole, escorted the elder Holmes back to the rest of the team, and began to treat his brother. Sherlock's airways were cleared of the dirt and his lungs ensured fresh oxygen, and an IV was inserted into his arm. Mycroft was surprised that his brother was able to provide a large enough vein in his present state of dehydration.
He set to work on the wood surrounding the nails. Some were easy, having been hammered more quickly and rather sloppily than others, and he easily pried them loose with very little digging. John chipped away quickly and nearly launched a splinter into his eye, but he remained resolute. He continued to tell himself that they would escape, that they were going to survive and return home.
Sherlock did not put on any clothes for the remainder of the night. He dug out a lukewarm can of Coke from his suitcase and quickly downed it, followed by a power bar. He refused the offer of a sandwich from Mary, claiming that the brand of butter she used did not suit his tastes.
The lack of communication on the part of the medical staff suggested that Sherlock's condition had not changed in any direction. Most likely a surgical team was still working on the younger Holmes, doing their best to salvage what could be salvaged. Mycroft was loathe to think what that really meant.
Torture of course, simply for the sake of torture. Part of Mycroft wanted to order the whole mountain struck by napalm, innocent bystanders be damned. The temptation was just as brief as the mental image of Sherlock's long gone abuser.
"Everything's alright," Mycroft said, though whether he directed this statement more to patient or medical staff was unknown. He looked up at the nurse. "He's awoken in emotional distress, but I've managed to calm him." He nodded to the younger man stiff as a coiled spring in his arms.
John’s brow wrinkled, and he snuggled closer to her, minding that only his upper half did, and not his stomach.
One-Eye rubbed at his hand, examining the teeth marks on his fingers. It did not hurt, not really, but he had still felt it. And prey was not supposed to bite and get away with it, not as he'd seen for himself in the past. If prey, be they meat or simply whores, fought back, they were to be punished.
"No one's been here since she left," Sherlock declared with his usual confidence.
"Fine." William reluctantly stayed in place while his big brother secured the diaper on him. He hated everything about it; he hated how it restricted his movement, how it made his skin itchy and red, and most of all he hated that it could be seen from the outside that he was wearing one underneath his clothes. Almost no kids his size wore diapers anymore. Except for the ones with "special needs", which was really just fancy adult-speak for saying that there was something wrong with them. There was nothing wrong with him. He was not stupid, so why did he keep wetting himself?
Tonight was an exception, and it only required a quick exchange over the phone with an official at the BWI airport laced with some thinly veiled threats to acquire an immediate landing permit.
“I’m glad you can still get it up,” Sherlock said in turn.
Nearly as soon as she wondered what to do, she just so happened to look to her left and caught a hint through the trees of a distant yet bold red. She squinted, desperate to confirm her suspicion.
"We must think of something to keep you occupied while you're waiting, but right now, we really must go back to sleep."
"Okay, the guy might be a perv, emphasis on 'might', since we can't be sure it's even him in that photo, since we could only see a silhouette, but it still proves nothing."
The pliers were tossed aside and Sherlock felt slight relief, glad to keep the rest of his teeth. True, he did not take care of himself as much as others did, but his teeth were not as bad as they could have been; he would have preferred to keep them, even if he was likely to experience a slow and painful death in the near future. Some strange sense of self-preservation lingered within him, possibly whatever was left of his narcissism, still fighting to remain. Also, he simply was not certain if he could withstand the pain.
"I won't be very long," Sherlock announced, opening the door. He turned to look at John. "Stay here in case Mary comes back."
"It's alright," John repeated. "I'm quite alone. Those bastards are out looking for me in the woods. Don't worry. Both of them are far away."
John’s grip tightened momentarily on Sherlock’s hand. As he looked up at Sherlock, he considered the strange nature of his partner’s anxiety. For someone unable to connect to most of humanity, Sherlock was certainly desperate for some sort of genuine relationship between himself and John, as transparent and lacking in true intimacy that it was.
He could understand Sherlock's almost perverted exhilaration slightly better now; this was their first major breakthrough in the case. Still, the fact that Sherlock had been willing to push himself to the brink of a collapse was worrisome, especially as it hadn't been the first time. If Sherlock had been even half as passionate about his relationship with John, then perhaps...
"Sherlock is my best friend," John said quietly. He reached for Mary's hand and brushed his thumb over her knuckles. "But I'm in love with you. I thought we had something special, and I hope one mistake on my part will not erase all that."
"John, I said stay there! I do not want you to see this!" Sherlock shouted back, giving an undignified grunt when John, using the force utilized by his stout, compact physique, suddenly shoved him back-first into the doorframe. Sherlock knew the battle was lost as soon as John's hand made contact with the doorknob, but he made one last valiant attempt to spare his friend the gruesome sight which waited within.
"Thinking up every bone in the body was something I did during my service in Afghanistan. It helped bring me back down."
John finally found his voice. He had to find him. He had to save...
"Please..." Sherlock begged, feeling stupid for saying it. "Nooo..."
"My feet are cold," Mycroft heard next, and he already knew he was going to feel a pair of small, cold feet insinuate themselves between his fleshy calves after he got in under the covers with his brother.
Anthea was waiting for him outside the men's changing room, clipboard in hand. She had been awake for as long as he had, and yet she showed no signs of exhaustion or fatigue, her outfit, hair and clothing as impeccably perfect as always. He envied her. Whatever her secret was, he wished he could possess it.
Mary lashed out a second time when she felt his hand wrap around her ankle. The uncomfortable angle greatly reduced the strength in her legs, but fuelled by panic, she was still able to dislodge him. Feeling like a trapped caterpillar, Mary slid out of the car, landing heavily on her back. The fall caused further abrasions, but she had no time to concern herself over those. What drew her full attention were the boots which seemed to fill her entire range of vision. They were indeed the biggest boots she had ever seen.
The boards constituting the wall above him cut painfully into his back, and the doctor felt his eyes tear up from the struggle to withstand the impulse of crying out. Sherlock's grip on John's hands became more forceful when he noticed the lack of progress by his friend, and he tugged with increased effort.
"What if there's a bomb?" Bening interjected.
There had to be a purpose as to why both John and himself had been strung up and put on display rather than butchered outright and stashed in the shed like Mary. Sherlock had already ruled out the possibility of a ransom. These men lived outside the society that dealt in money. They were hunters, trappers, scavengers… murderers. Meat was all that mattered in their small, twisted world, and currently they had more than enough of it.
An hour passed, and no one emerged from either bedroom. John speculated that both Sherlock and Mary were trying to wait the other one out, equally determined so as not to be the first to leave their respective strongholds.
John quietly shook his head. "I've got a medical degree, Sherlock. You can't lie to me now. Clozapine is an antipsychotic. In fact, it's often used as a last resort for patients who don't respond to anything else. So please, just be honest with me..."
William looked up at him, interest piqued. As immature as he was, the youngest Holmes was intelligent, and he appreciated being spoken to like a grown-up.
"Yes?"
“In that case, I’m equally glad. I truly don’t know how you can handle him. He seems like he can barely handle himself.”
John immediately shook his head. "No way. My girth could get me stuck, and if that's the case, I want you to have a chance to escape first."
TBC...
More than thirty paces away, John had an unseen witness. The giant leader had been able to approach without notice due to the fight, and he now calmly took aim at the struggling pair.
Please, he silently scoffed to himself. If his career - not to mention childhood - had taught him, anyone could be a threat.
A raw cry escaped his lips as the dirt became heavy above him.
He nearly continued on his way when something caught his eye. There in the dirt was... he stepped closer and inspected the interruption amongst the grit and ground. Once he saw it, he hardly knew how he could have missed it: a tube, just peeking out from the dirt.
"Can we at least get dressed this time?" John asked, looking down at his dressing gown and slippers with a critical eye.
Sherlock sneered. "It's a small mammal that--"
Sherlock, though tempted, held back any acerbic comments he could have thrown at them. If his suspicions were true, there was no time to lose.
No, no, no! This was not the time to be thinking about such matters. He'd have plenty of time to rehydrate and recuperate in a hospital if he managed to get out of this fucked up mess, but he wasn't out of the woods yet - quite literally.
The notion made him think of Sherlock’s remarks made about her, though it was a common remark he made about girlfriends the doctor had: you know nothing about her. This was an exaggeration – he did not need to hack into personal files in order to initiate a relationship, after all. This was indeed what John told his partner.
As if refusing to believe it, the deranged creature pulled the trigger three, four, five more times, his frustration growing by each time the weapon refused to do his bidding. The revolver - a Smith & Wesson model 42 - was old, Sherlock realized, and likely not regularly used. It was still employed as a service revolver by American police in some districts, and that was likely where these lunatics had gotten it. How many police officers had they managed to slaughter and do away with over the years?
"Sherlock, tell me," he gently urged, wanting to provide comfort even though he was unsure if it would be accepted. "I promise I won't judge you."
What had happened to John, he wondered. Had he escaped? Sherlock hoped so, but considering the near catatonic state the older man had assumed at the shed where Mary likely still hung, he could have been easily apprehended. Then again, Sherlock heard no indication that John was nearby. He hoped John was not dead.
"Still, that could be anywhere," Mary pointed out. "There's no way to tell where it was taken."
"Amongst others..." the detective murmured, his attention now focused on the smallest set of prints. "This one worries me," he said, pointing to them. "The stride is different. See?"
“They’re on the laptop now,” John said, his tone unreadable, at least to most people.
The cabin was, frankly put, unfit for human habitation, but after seeing what these individuals were capable of, Sherlock doubted they could even be classified as people. He made a mental note to remind himself of this the next time someone complained about his untidiness at Baker Street.
Meanwhile, the stench was not quite so offensive inside this particular vehicle. Mycroft wondered if perhaps he was simply becoming desensitized. Within seconds, however, he detected a specific scent and, glancing toward the front of the cab, located an aerosol can with a flowery pink illustration. At least this driver was making an effort, if a dreadfully lazy one.
Leaning back in his hospital bed, now practically drenched in sweat, John reached for his oxygen mask. The first few lungfuls of pure oxygen managed to sate his damaged body's need for something his own lungs were currently unable to provide, but it did nothing to ease the turmoil in his mind.
"Are you speaking as a medical man, Doctor Watson, or as a concerned friend?"
John had been to America before, but that was years and years ago, before he enrolled in the army. And he had never visited New York City. Regretfully he realized that the closest he would come to seeing it was from the airport, as a trip to the Big Apple was simply not cut out for his current finances. He had unceremoniously refused any funds offered to him by Sherlock, as he did not want to depend on his flatmate for a living, especially not where Mary was concerned.
Another search through the woods near Avalon, and our heroes discover some very disturbing clues...
How would you know what I don't want, Mycroft considered sarcastically asking. His exhaustion and lack of nutrition was beginning to wear him down, but adrenaline maintained his awareness. He craned his neck to see past the working men and saw the hint of a suitcase. As they stepped aside from having cleared it off, he could see it was a very large one. Just as he had suspected, the tube led straight into an opening in the zip.
At least he had no discernible memories from the last beating which nearly killed him. He hadn't even needed to delete them; they'd gone away on their own.
John lay back, lazily stroking himself as the younger man stood up to procure the condoms. His eyes drank in the sight of Sherlock from behind and tried his best to memorize it fully this time: the ectomorphic frame, nearly runway model thin, with legs that went on for miles only to connect with a surprisingly ample behind. John felt an ugly stint of jealousy at the thought of other men lustily grabbing that beautiful arse and bending Sherlock over to bury their dicks in him. He knew that still happened a lot, even lately. Sherlock might believe that John didn't notice, but every now and then the detective slipped out of their apartment only to return a few hours later, hair tousled, lips bruised and swollen from kissing, sometimes even with a not-so-discrete hickey on the side of his long pale neck.
She sighed, utterly torn. She had no idea where to turn. And within seconds, focusing as much as possible on the road, she felt the same way quite literally.
To Mycroft it now felt like it happened years in the past. Of all the men Sherlock encountered in his line of 'work', was it absolutely necessary to fall for one with such a lacking intellect?
Less than a minute later, Three-finger's distant laughter picked up in excitement, and Sawtooth knew this meant their meat had been found. One-Eye was likely not far off, and as useless as the oaf could be at times, he could at least be trusted to hold onto their prey with a grip of iron if need be. Though not quick, Sawtooth hurried onward, grip on his bow tightening in anticipation.
Bobbi took a bottle of bottled water from her mini fridge and took a seat opposite them in the armchair. Sherlock elegantly crossed his long legs and leaned forward, resting his chin against the tips of his fingers.
“A nude casino,” Sherlock explained. “Hence Nudsino.”
"What?"
"Don't worry, the sheets and blankets are clean," Missy said, the civil servant's general appearance not lost on her. Her observant nature and proclivity for catering to people's requirements clearly made nursing an ideal career for her... not to mention her steadfast stubbornness in case someone were to overstep certain boundaries. In his own career, Mycroft knew the importance of playing to someone's strengths, weaknesses, and wishes.
"Shelluck? What ya say?"
"Yes, soldier fellows. Veterans, like yourself." Mycroft's tongue snaked out to wet his lips. "What if I told you that Sherlock's last 'boyfriend' was a Gulf war vet who trampled him half to death?"
Sherlock had not adopted the use of his middle-name until the age of sixteen, and in his current state of agitation, his memories were likely to be an amorphous, muddled mess. Perhaps, Mycroft thought, he would get through to his brother by calling him by his given name, like when Sherlock was a little boy.
John inadvertently discovers something when looking through Sherlock's coat for pain-killers and sees no choice but to confront his friend.
"No, you need this. Water, replacement electrolytes, and glucose. Now drink up."
John only noticed dawn was approaching upon realizing that he could see things more clearly. He could hear Sherlock breathing in the stall next to his; it was a rhythmic even flow of inhales and exhales. He didn't sound like someone who was in terrible pain, but then again, John knew how masterful Sherlock was at hiding his true feelings.
Pain shooting through his arm was what awoke Sherlock. He nearly wanted to cry. Or throw up. Somehow he could not do the latter at the moment, almost as though the meat he had been forced to swallow was determined to digest in his stomach. Opening his eyes - which in turn triggered a headache - he saw that his bonds were being unlocked from the bed frame. He could have tried to struggle loose once no longer attached and... no. He was too weak. He hurt too much.
Sherlock buried his head in his hands, sifting long fingers through his dark, still-damp curls. John could hear him hyperventilating. "I'm not crazy," he repeated. "I'm managing it. I've been managing it since I was sixteen!"
//Chimney smoke//
The man was relatively nude save for his shoes, and a mental image occurred to John of his friend in nothing but his ratty blue scarf. He considered suggesting the notion one day to Sherlock, and immediately wanted to punch himself in the face. Sherlock, Mary... perhaps John was better off courting no one at all.
The family could have the distinct intention of poisoning him, but then their little toy would not last as long as they might like. These brutes were primeval, but they knew the basics of keeping someone alive. Pain was an entirely different matter, but if they wanted their victims to stay alive, they would at least try their bloody hardest to meet basic physical needs.
"How is he doing?" the elder Holmes asked, both desperately wanting to hear the news of Sherlock's condition as well as wishing he could postpone the inevitable and not have to face the grim reality of the situation. What if the news weren't… the least bit good? Mycroft wanted to berate himself for his thoughts; he had been a die-hard pragmatist since adolescence and was not about to turn back from that path at this age. Whatever Nasim had to tell him, he could bear it.
He was broken from his trance by the repulsive sound of the toothy giant's throat driving up a noxious concoction of phlegm and saliva, spitting it into his palm, and John knew precisely where the event was headed. It nearly made him sick. He felt he should be crying, but the shock of what was about to happen left his eyes dry. Instead, he felt tiny rivers of sweat pouring down his naked skin, shivering as he hung exposed and manhandled by the two remaining clan members. He barely paid them any attention, watching in horror as their leader rubbed himself slick and pulled the struggling young man's legs far apart. Sherlock gave a choked cry of insolence and fear that might have sounded funny in dreadfully different circumstances, and he frantically tried to escape the giant's grasp, but the struggle did absolutely nothing to change his fate. Dirty nails dug into the flesh of his bottom and spread the cheeks open.
"Terribly well?"
No. The Outsider's poor state of health dictated against it. Rather than making it live longer, such a drastic action could, and probably would, kill the whore on the spot.
"Oh yes, that should be fine," Nasim said without hesitation. "He's not awake now..."
Sherlock reached into his suitcase and pulled out his burgundy silk dressing gown, slipping it on. The material was easy on his burnt skin, downright soothing. Sherlock normally felt just as comfortable in the nude as with clothes on, if only the weather permitted, but now was going to be an exception. If he was to face John again this evening, he would require a layer between the doctor's eyes and his skin.
His hands were free now, but that hardly made a difference, with one arm useless and the other outside grasping distance of anything that could be used as a weapon. Sherlock briefly entertained the idea of lunging for something (a mad dash, in lack of better words) sharp and pointy that could be driven deep into the slow creature's neck. He pictured twisting the weapon - cutting through the carotid, jugular, and trachea in one fluid motion - and being showered in a spray of the creature's blood, his fading strength momentarily fuelled by adrenaline and perverse satisfaction.
"Yes, that's it. Are you alright, mister? You look kinda pale." The nurse took a hesitant step toward him, hand stretched out in front of her, but the look in John's eyes made her stop dead in her track.
"They're gone," he replied. "Looking for me in the woods. You're safe now. We'll get out before they come back."
The brute was getting agitated now, frustrated that he could not find his quarry. He whined like a dog as he looked around and rushed forward as though he might flush out his prey through surprise, as if John were a bird. The doctor's hands blindly sought purchase on a large stone by his feet, hoping perhaps if he were to be found, he could use it to bludgeon his assailant. His heart nearly stopped when lifting the stone set loose several smaller pebbles, which audibly rolled away.
An eyebrow tilted on Mary’s fair face. “As opposed to the two of us… and your partner?”
"I let her down too many times before," John said torpidly. "I'm staying. Don't worry, I'll keep a lookout. If anyone gets near her..." His grip on the crowbar tightened for emphasis.
John yelped when the three-fingered lunatic suddenly pinched the flesh of his torso. Its very distinct laughter sounded again, and the creature doubtlessly seemed pleased about the discovery. The doctor choked back a desperate plea of mercy when the giant approached as well, enormous hands stretched out toward John to cop a feel of his own.
John barely looked at him, lost in his own thoughts, and Sherlock knew what his assistant was thinking. The thought had crossed his mind as well that whomever was living out in the forest had now added Mary to their collection of victims.
Reliving the memories was actually making John angry, and Mycroft could hear the anger in his voice, despite the doctor's attempt at speaking low.
John fought against the hold, not caring about the ruckus he was making or that his display was most certainly going to attract the attention of the cabin's unsavory inhabitants. He had to see what Sherlock had discovered, he had to know, had to be sure, even if in his heart he already knew what he would find behind that door.
His grip on the nearly empty bottle of water tightened until he crushed it.
"One can presume there will be worse damage as time continues," Mycroft said with an eerie evenness, staring at the paper, almost as though he refused to look at John. When he finally did, he saw the helpless look on the doctor's face. He swallowed and blinked, eyelids fluttering, before peering down at the infirmed man.
She should have taken a map, as suggested. In her lack of focus, she had at some point in the drive taken a wrong turn.
"And I would have been here to deal with it accordingly if someone had contacted me," Mycroft swiftly replied, a warning of his own clearly written in his expression. "Now please..."
One-Eye, as usual, greeted his brother with great enthusiasm when Three-finger had been gone any length of time. One hour or one day, it never mattered to the big oaf, as he seemed to lack understanding of time.
Of course
"Lestrade?"
“Notwithstanding,” Sherlock said, annoyed. “She would have taken the food with her, not wasted it.”
John wanted to block out the sounds of Sherlock calling his name, of being reminded that he was present and could do absolutely nothing to help his friend. He wanted to look away, and yet something compelled him to keep his eyes firmly trained on the scene taking place before him. He watched as the giant held down Sherlock with one hand and freed his bloated member with the other. Predictably it was huge, proportionate to the rest of his body, and bound to tear Sherlock up, especially if inserted dryly.
"Like that, John?" Sherlock panted throatily, head thrown back in ecstasy. Sweat now covered his neck and torso, giving his body a sleek, glistening sheen. It almost looked as though he was glowing, particularly in the sun burnt areas.
John rolled his eyes. "We don't need to have you collapsing again, so I'd rather you not exhaust yourself today. There should be food by the time we get back, and you do need to eat, as much as you don't believe so."
The little wretch could take it. He had brought it upon himself by defying Sawtooth, so it was only fair that he should suffer for a while.
At least we made a compromise, John thought, gathering his bathrobe closer.
“Well, it’s not really something one gets over right away,” Mary said, edging a little closer. “If this is an issue involving your mentality, it’s going to take time no matter what. The human brain is fully capable of betraying its owner at any time, after all.”
The idiot had also arrived on the scene and was now staring at him with a questioning look in its one remaining eye. The scar, which had blinded him on the left side, had distorted his features to the point of giving him a permanently surprised expression on his otherwise slack face. The creature, however, was not so retarded as to being completely unaware of its surroundings. The single eye, now focused on Sherlock, was gleaming with obvious childish interest. Like a child with an eye for a shiny new toy.
, he thought before everything went quiet. The staff at the hospital was speaking English with American accents... Why?
"Stay here," he said plainly. "I'll get dressed and then we'll go back to the woods."
Her decision was taken from her when something massive landed on the roof of the car, heavy enough to make a dent in the steel. A scream lodged deep in Mary's throat finally broke free, and she surrendered fully to panic.
Forest. Acre upon acre of forest, as far as the eye could see. It was truly one of the least developed states in all of America. Mycroft wearily rubbed his temples as his keen, expert gaze swept across the fluttering green treetops far below. A vast field of nothingness.
"Fine," Mycroft simply replied, his tone flat and listless. At present time he could care less about what she was doing. If only his assistant could make the time go by faster.
“I’m going to need some help reaching my back. I expect you took a closer look at the photos,” Sherlock said, oblivious to his partner’s annoyed state. Only when he realized John was not going to answer him did he look up. He raised his eyebrows, as though to say “I’m waiting!”
Mary smiled at the man’s devotion to her, but then her brow knit with worry.
Swallowing his pain, physical as well as spiritual, he once again gave the river his full attention. His body was doing its best to remind him that he was no longer twenty-five and wounded on top of that. The recent exertion had made him sweat rivers, and he had not drunk any fluids since yesterday.
John was about to give up and close the laptop when the window expanded and a familiar face filled the screen. Already Mycroft looked vaguely annoyed and slightly puzzled to see not his brother but his brother's assistant.
Where the IV needle had been attached was now being irritated by the young genius, forcing blood to resurface even more profusely. Sherlock's vision was compromised, as was the strength in his body, but he "wrote" in large letters, smearing the claret across his sheet. At the current size of the writing, Mycroft was able to decipher the crude penmanship across the pathetic thread-count linens.
"They're still with him," she said. "I've been given directions to a shower available for your use. It's normally for medical staff. You won't be disturbed."
"It's alright, I'm here," John said, almost wanting to laugh. Sherlock was alive, and now he would be saved. The doctor tried the doorknob, and as expected, it was locked. Would he have the time to try picking the lock, or would he have to risk the noise of shouldering the door in himself? No, he could manage to pick the lock. If the age of the door, indeed the entire cabin, were any indication, he could have his friend out in no time at all. He hurried for a tool of some sort, and found a screwdriver.
"Sure, I was going to suggest you wear something appropriate for a stroll through the forest," Sherlock replied. "We are going past the perimeters of the nudist colony. Loafers will not do. You did bring some sturdy hiking boots, right, John?"
“He probably thought you looked delicious,” John said, though he knew the play on words sounded stupid.
Sherlock's tongue instinctively went to feel the gaping hole where his missing tooth - a lateral incisor on his upper jaw - had been forcibly removed. It wasn't the first time he had lost a tooth violently; when he was eight, another boy his age or slightly older had planked him in the face and subsequently knocked out one of his teeth. Sherlock had deleted most his memories around the fight, but he remembered in detail the events that followed; Mycroft pressing a cotton compress against the cavernous hole in his mouth to stop the bleeding while simultaneously grumbling on and on about how he could be so stupid as to provoke a bigger kid and not expect anything bad to come from it.
"Although that doesn't prove he had anything to do with her disappearance," John felt forced to add. "Sure, he's probably a perv - a voyeur, if you will - but we have absolutely nothing that suggests he did anything but watch her."
"And their clothing and essentials were still in the cabin as well?"
The shuffling of a large body sounded to his right, and at that moment of remembering his past, Sherlock thought either Moran was approaching, or his father had somehow returned from death. In his delirium, he was prone to believe the latter. Opening his eyes did him no favours either, as the space was still quite dark. He was handcuffed to something bolted to the floor, and his body was wracked with agony, especially in one arm and leg. Yes, he could remember being tied up, and he could remember breaking his arm. Something with teeth had closed around his leg a short time ago... but damn it, he was barely able to remember the why and the how.
John quenched a sob and pressed his hand against his mouth to muffle any further sounds. Why was this happening? Just a few hours ago this had just been a regular case, and now he was literally fighting for his life. His own life, and Sherlock's. Mary's had already been brutally taken from her.
"As you can see, he has yet to regain consciousness, and thus we haven't extubated him," Nasim said.
John finally returned the smile, though his was sad.
John was prepared to be even more forceful, but fortunately further encouragement was not necessary. Sherlock gulped down most of the Coke, finishing up with a resounding burp.
For the umpteenth time, the doctor found himself dealing with yet another one of Sherlock's lightning-fast mood swings. He was capable of going from exhilarated to moody, from angry to easy-going, from clingy to distanced, in just a few moments. This was apparently going to be one of those occasions.
"We shouldn't go there alone," he said. "These guys are crazy! You've seen what they've done. They're fucking serial killers. And we're not even armed."
“Are you alright?” Mary asked him as he tried to stand on wobbling legs. John turned towards the small walk-in shower behind them and noticed something that might work to their advantage.
The consulting detective quickly rattled on to describe the outline of said new case, which apparently centered around some unexplained disappearances from a small West Virginian tourist resort. Sherlock did not specify why he claimed to find such an obviously mundane case of missing persons interesting, but John suspected that he had other reasons for taking it.
"Is there any place where we could talk in private, Ms. Ferguson? You need to tell me everything you know about Sarah's disappearance."
A dull, throbbing ache pulsated in his skull. He could not remember anything after the giant had clubbed him in the head, but judging from the texture of the congealed blood which covered the entire left side of his face and hair, he had been unconscious for at least an hour, perhaps more. The good news was that he didn't believe he had sustained any fractures or brain hemorrhage; maybe a mild concussion at worst. Scalp wounds always bleed profusely. It meant nothing. The bad news was that he was trapped with no means of escape.
All of them were, Sherlock noted, fake, and had most likely been purchased from the accessory section at a Wal-mart.
Despite his fatigue and poor physical condition, Mycroft's memories of the past twenty-four hours were as sharp and detailed as ever. Low blood sugar apparently did nothing to impede his cognitive functions or his uncanny eye for detail. Sometimes he almost wished there was some way - any way - to slow down his brain that did not involve alcohol or sleeping agents. It was a Holmesian trait he shared with his brother, except that Sherlock's condition was further exacerbated by his bipolar disorder. Had shared with his brother, anyway. It was far from certain that Sherlock would even pull through, let alone that he would come out of this with his extraordinary mind intact.
Sherlock smiled sardonically with his forehead still resting against John's inner thigh. "I can do much better," he said. "And you would know, if your... manhood could reach the back of my throat."
And this was what troubled him about the blank slate of his computer screen window.
“Thank you,” John said gently as he was passed the batteries. Tossing the dead ones, he inserted the replacements. “I’m sorry things are going so lousy.”
//Cabin. Men. Inbred//
“How?”
"Wonderful," Sherlock remarked under his breath. "My point is that we have suspicions of an unknown party hiding in the woods, making abductions."
Already a team of medical technicians were waiting on the helipad. Mycroft's cynicism, having taken over long ago in the day, caused him surprise that the hospital was capable of that much. Adrenaline propelled him forward once more as he followed the gurney carrying his brother out of the helicopter and indoors, which was convenient, because when the time finally came for him to sleep, he would be dead to the world.
Mycroft quickly thought over the options available to him. If he refused to answer, Sherlock would become even more agitated, which in turn might impede on his recovery, but if he told him the truth, Sherlock would undoubtedly demand to see John.
Vision blurred and red, John squeezed his eyes shut, hoping he could quickly clear them of the blood that likely came from the blow that had rendered him unconscious in the first place. A hook light hanging above him was the only light source in the space, and as he steadily regained focus, he could see that he was not alone. The two men were back from their excursion into the forest, the tallest having his back turned to him. The other sat on a nearby stool, grinning in excitement and bouncing a little on his seat.
"Mycroft, are you saying that... that you...?"
"Becca, could you prepare 10 cc's of methylphenidate, please?"
Mycroft tutted. "Sick? Brother dear, you haven't eaten for over a day. How could you feel sick with nothing in you? Part of the good doctor's anatomy doesn't count," he added with that supercilious sneer they were both very familiar with.
"No! God, no! Why would---"
"Get me ten cc's of propofol, now!" the male voice shouted, and Sherlock found himself quickly sinking back into a bottomless abyss after the drug was injected into his IV.
"It's not Sherlock," he muttered. A team member - thankfully not Bening - happened to overhear.
Looking up, she barely made out the hulking, enormous mass that was the giggling lunatic's companion before it knelt towards her and drove a massive fist into her face. She knew nothing then.
The beeping sound from the EKG monitor increased in both strength and frequency when Sherlock's heart rate sped up, and seconds later he could hear the sound of several people entering the room. The individuals - one man and two women - were shouting medical jargon at each other, and there were hands on his body, holding him down and restraining him, and Sherlock's panic rose with his restricted mobility, making his frenzied struggles increasingly desperate.
Chapter 37
John dutifully looked where Sherlock pointed.
"I take full responsibility for what happens," the elder Holmes continued. "You yourself or the hospital need not fear repercussions."
Mycroft was perspiring profusely. It did not help that the helicopter had air conditioning or that it was undoubtedly in use, he was still practically melting into a puddle within his tailored three-piece suit, the bulky bullet proof body armor that the Americans had insisted he wore, and his wool overcoat. His forehead a dripping mess, the civil servant wiped it for the sixteenth time since climbing aboard the aircraft and silently contemplated his body's rapid fluid loss. At this rate, they would have to check him in along with Sherlock once they arrived at the hospital. He tucked away his handkerchief, now soaked through as well, into the breast pocket of his coat. The adrenaline rush of finding Sherlock buried alive in his shallow grave had passed, and it was replaced by a feeling of profound exhaustion. Mycroft Holmes could not remember last time he had felt this drained and figured he should probably thank God for small favours. Sleep deprivation was an unfortunate but non-optional side-effect of working in his line of trade.
“Who’s being judgmental now?” John muttered.
"No, don't be; it felt nice." Sherlock, whose breathing had become decidedly heavier, turned so that they were once again facing each other. He grasped John's smaller hands with his own and replaced them on his body, this time on the front. The doctor took the opportunity to stroke the nearly hairless chest, and felt Sherlock's nipples harden beneath his fingers, turning into small, pebbled nubs. It was a familiar response, and one, he realized, he had missed.
"So..." Mary said in the near-darkness and carefully edged closer. "Finally we're alone."
The giant spun around, and though he did not hold a knife, the slim, pointed awl in his huge hand was of no comfort to his restrained subjects. John turned his face away, eyes squeezed shut. He wanted to be spared the sight of having it plunged into himself, but watching it being done to Sherlock and not be able to do a damn thing to help his best friend was an even worse scenario.
Mycroft's expression immediately hardened. "What of him?"
"Sherlock?" He bolted up to his feet, gripping the crowbar until his knuckles were white.
Of course Sherlock had been catheterized; anything else would have been unthinkable given the severity of his injuries, although the elder Holmes wondered if the doctors had been so eager to go ahead with the procedure if they'd known about Sherlock's absolute hatred of wearing a latex tube in his urethra. The urinary catheter - same as the IV - faced the very real possibility of being forcibly yanked out once Sherlock was made aware of their existence and regained enough of his motor skills to do it himself.
Mycroft patiently waited for an answer while his little brother deliberated with a theatrically pensive expression on his young face. He was willing to spice the deal with a few additional touches if William refused, as the boy was known for driving a hard bargain, no doubt presently weighing the pros and cons in his mind.
The eight hour flight across the Atlantic Ocean passed in a slow kind of agony. Anthea sat opposite him the entire time, and although her attention was mostly focused on the screen of her smart-phone, she, like the ever-dutiful PA that she was, occasionally asked in a low, pleasant voice if there was anything he required.
Mycroft had felt the officer's resentment at first glance. The most likely explanation was that J. Bening had probably had some past altercation with an Englishman that made him wary of anyone with a British accent, and the elder Holmes knew by now that his personality rarely drew out the best in other people. Showing open hostility would jeopardize his employment as a member of the SWAT team, and J. Bening was well aware of this. His temper had not done him any favours in the past. Smoldering glances and an attitude that could at best be guised as cold professionalism was as far as he was willing to take it.
"I'll live," the doctor quickly replied. "It's nothing serious, just a superficial nick."
Sherlock nervously glanced back toward the door, such a small thing to separate them from their captors. He seemed to remember too that they had no time to waste. His face pinched together as though he were swallowing down his physical pain, he silently leaned forward and entered the hole. He took a cautious look first in case of a welcoming party on the other side, but luckily for him and his assistant, no one awaited them.
"He also has a minor traumatic head injury; a small epidural hematoma, but we got to it before it could pose a serious threat to his life, or his brain functions. He should recover fully, if he--"
"That's all?" he sputtered, feeling a strong urge to want to throttle Mycroft Holmes. It was surpassed only by the even stronger urge to end the lives of the abominable men who had done such terrible things to Sherlock.
For a split second, John considered the possibility of being about to outmaneuver this man as well, but he was quickly proven wrong when the giant adjusted his grip on a rifle.
"Whatever. It feels like ages."
The man - though loath to admit it, Sherlock found himself doubting his attacker's sex - was probably the result of generations of inbreeding, disfigured to the point that it was doubtful if he could still be classified as a Homo sapiens. Bald except for a few strings of filthy blond, shoulder-length hair, the man was scarred and lumpy, some of his disfigurements probably congenital while others seemed acquired; perhaps caused by prey, human or otherwise, that had fought back.
That damnable arm. The face of the monstrous bastard who had broken it the first time appeared in Mycroft's mind for just a moment.
John’s eyes bulged at the message. He turned his head as though in a near panic, and finally saw a figure sitting nearby, reading a paper. Scuffed-booted legs crossed, the individual wore a gratingly familiar ratty overcoat and held a newspaper which obscured his face. The paper flipped over, and as expected, Sherlock sat with his phone activated.
"I don't suppose you thought to bring any spare food for our trip...?" he said, trying for more humor and failing. Both men had returned to that place in their hearts where nothing seemed very funny at all.
"Stay there," the detective hissed.
“Her belongings are gone?” John inquired. “Her luggage?”
A grubby finger poked at his face, dirty fingernail scratching chapped lips. Sherlock fought the urge to bite again. His jaw still throbbed from the missing tooth after his latest outburst.
They were teasing him.
Right. He was almost dead. His brain was barely working. He felt time moving like molasses. The progress of the paramedics could not seem to go any slower.
Almost immediately he heard a gasp which simultaneously conveyed many emotions; excitement, surprise, joy, even fear. But it was decidedly human in nature, and for a moment John dared to hope for rescue. He couldn't be so unlucky as to be found by the clan of deranged cannibals and be brought back to the cabin of horrors a second time… could he?
Had they wanted to simply kill us, they would have done it already, the detective thought.
He was jarred back awake when he heard the roar of a rough voice that made the scrawny fiend straddling him stop and look up. More footsteps, much heavier, approached, and Sherlock turned his faltering gaze to the leader of the clan. The detective did not need to know their language to understand that the giant was vastly displeased.
He had just enough time to take a step to the side when the creature pounced, or he would have been caught underneath it and probably killed on the spot. With nearly catlike grace, the attacker landed and then righted itself, holding the knife Sherlock had glimpsed seconds before. The fading light revealed a man, Sherlock's height or shorter, and slight in build, but nonetheless sporting a well-developed musculature. Those, however, were the extent of his humanlike qualities.
Varied possessions - camping equipment, travel-sized games for children, sports gear - had been left haphazardly about the site, deemed useless by the criminals. Much of the blood stains he saw had gone brown with age, and John wondered just how long these bastards had been committing their acts of cruelty. According to the news articles, the stories went as far back as the fifties, but had this group - no doubt several generations of a family - been preying on the innocent even longer?
John turned to face him. “The agreement was that I assist you with questioning Ferguson. And we’re finished questioning.”
John has to decide on whether to save his own hide, or to risk everything by going in after Sherlock.
Sherlock half-expected the brute to ring it. Instead the smaller mountain man was throttled against a tree, and an arrow was removed from its quiver, pressed dangerously against the smaller creature's temple. The giant muttered something, clearly a warning, and though his brood twitched and grumbled, the two stood back up on peaceful terms.
Sherlock only smiled.
“Well, you’ve proven that you don’t mind shagging a man,” Sherlock stated casually.
“No one’s really been using her spot,” Bobbi remarked. “Like as if maybe they want to leave it open for her… in case she comes back.” She stopped only to begin to weep. Sherlock grimaced at the behavior and only continued looking around for clues, leaving John standing with some amount of discomfort about the situation. He was still nervous about the fact that he was the odd man out in a community of nudists, but he also felt terrible about the way Sherlock was once again ignoring a client’s heartbreak.
This was all too much. This was a nightmare.
Further fumbling suggested Sherlock was trying to right himself or possibly move away from the door.
Scrolling back on the screen display, Anthea revealed the previous number she had been able to seek out: the main number to the therapist's office. She stood silently at her employer's side as  he made the call. When a receptionist answered, the man squandered no time in getting to the point.
"Yes, strange, isn't it?" Sherlock countered, his bright blue eyes boring into the woman. "Don't you ever wonder why no decent-looking folks become nudists?"
Mary drove on for a while, clinging to the vain hope that the next turn would take her onto a bigger road, hopefully with more traffic and perhaps even road signs that would direct her back to Avalon. Though she would never confess it publically, she was dying to see a familiar face, even Sherlock's at this point.
Suddenly a wet, slobbering tongue reached out from the idiot's maw to lick the moisture and crusts of dried blood from his left cheek. Sherlock was utterly revolted by the gesture and writhed despite the pain it was bound to cause him. Predictably he cried out, his breath coming out as small, quick puffs.
John turned onto a narrow dirt road just as the sun cast its final rays from behind the treetops.
"What?"
Mycroft nodded mutely, assuming that "things went well" translated to "the leg was severed and successfully removed" without explicitly wording it so.
Mycroft's heart momentarily constricted at the display of blatant fear, and he bent down to whisper in his brother's ear. "Daddy had a lot to drink tonight," he explained. "He's fast asleep by now. He can't hear us." He was fully aware of the inappropriateness of detailing their father's drinking habits to a four-year-old child, but William was far ahead of other four-year-olds in his cognitive development and had no trouble grasping the concept of inebriation. It didn't mean, however, that he could comprehend the emotional aspect of his father's behavior. At sixteen, Mycroft wasn't fully convinced that even he could.
John only received a brief visual of the red stains dotting the driver's side door before he was crying out.
“I came here to share this holiday with you,” John said. He then brought his voice to a whisper. “Not engage in stupid cases that don’t make sense.”
"That's obvious, isn't it? There's been no demand for a ransom, no communication whatsoever that might suggest the abductor had any interest in keeping Sarah alive. All we can hope to find at this time is a body and one or more perpetrators to answer for their crime."
TBC...
Sawtooth's fury was instantly redirected on the Outsider. He grabbed the damnable man by the throat and slammed him down against the mattress, hard. Their captive emitted a choked gurgle, and blood - not all of it his own, Sawtooth suspected - bubbled up from between his lips. The massive alpha gave his eldest son a wordless command with his free hand, and Three-finger was not slow to follow it.
"It was a shithole. And you know it. You chose it simply because it was the cheapest you could find."
"Sherlock, what's wrong?" John tried again, but before he could make any further inquiries, the detective suddenly halted, causing John to collide with his back. The doctor had an annoyed reprimand on his tongue, but the sight before them, no doubt what Sherlock had discovered in the short time they were separated, made John's throat constrict painfully, allowing no sound to pass.
Breathing deep and slow, John considered their options. Sherlock was a stubborn bastard, and in a situation such as this, the doctor could not simply leave without him; it was too dangerous. Frankly, John wondered just how his partner had managed on his own before the two of them met. Did Mycroft have to plant hidden cameras every two feet and employ spies in every public place Sherlock frequented?
