Steve also chose to keep Natasha’s comments on Bucky to himself.  He didn’t want to contribute to Bucky’s emotional demise all over again.
The next morning, Tony’s alarm went off at 6:30 a.m.  Steve groaned and turned it off as they both started to sit up.
"I know we said we'd never talk about it again but, it's kind of...persistently coming back and making itself known."
One night when Rhodey invited him over, the man basically gave Tony an entire speech about how he needs to respect himself and not put up with “bullshit like this”.
“Ya know, I remember having a talk with you sometime after Rhodey’s birthday party.” said Tony, seeming disoriented.
Steve gathered the pizza box and napkins quietly and brought them into the kitchen.  While he was in there, he thought he would wash the mug and cup he used that morning.
Natasha was texting him about finally coming clean.  Steve asked her if he should tell Bucky, she said he should.  Nervously, he sent Bucky a “you still awake?” text.
“Thank you.” smirked Steve, admiring his neatly groomed goatee and professionally styled hair.  It was a little on the longer sides, but curled adorably at the ends.  “You are handsome as always, Tony.”
They had a lot in common including their taste in video games and horror movies.  Natasha was just as active as Bucky, making her insist that he get a membership at her gym so they could work out together.
Looking around and stammering, Bucky said, “You could work out with Sam.  I'll be here.  You will get a lot of packing done.  Maybe we could have you all moved over to the penthouse when Tony comes back.”
Tony stammered for a second, “I see.  I...well, I was going to ask if you wanted to have dinner tonight so we could look at new beds together, but I guess that can wait, huh?”
“Alright.” nodded Steve, stroking his hair with his right hand.  “I will acknowledge you are offering to do that and I am not asking.”
“You don’t remember working with him?” asked Tony through clenched teeth, “You don’t know why he’s upset with you?”  Steve was staring at the man in question sternly, “No.  I’m trying to think.  Other than that party, I honestly can’t place him.”
They hung up and Bucky stood, taking his hand, “How about for the rest of the day, we don’t think too much about this and just...enjoy it?”
“He would want to pay you back.” Steve said, shaking his head, completely floored by his generosity.
Tony looked up and connected their lips, which made Steve cradle his face and deepen the kiss.  Tony told him, “I don’t want to think about that either.  I just want to be in this moment, right now.”
On Wednesdays, when it was karaoke night once again, Steve actually invited Tony to join him and the girls.  Ofcourse, the older man declined.   While at the bar both nights, Steve made sure to post a lot on social media to prove who was with him all night.  No alcohol was consumed and he made sure to get home at a decent hour.
Staring at him with worried eyebrows, Steve kept calm and evenly said,  “Have me to yourself right now then.”
Bucky looked at the drink curiously then took a sip.  He cocked his head at Tony, “Did you just make me a Shirley Temple?”
“Are you kidding me?” Steve laughed without humor, “I got you shot!  I should have been able to prevent that.  I have the training, I’m supposed to protect you.  You did well honey, you ARE doing so well.”
“Right.  I honestly thought I was annoying you...like I have been too needy lately.”  (And cockblocking you from Nat.)
Marco gets a call from the design company a little before 7 and is told that he has a second interview in 2 days.  When he hangs up, he stands and Bucky stands with him, pulling him into a bear hug and telling Marco congratulations.
When he finally did open his eyes, his skin and prosthetic hands both fought against the ones holding Bucky’s face.  Tears were falling down his cheeks as he finally focused on the man hovering over him.
He and Steve still locked eyes.  Neither man realized that they had been leaning their heads in closer to each other.
Bucky nuzzled his head against his friend’s chest for emphasis.  Steve patted his hip and kissed the top of his head.
“I fucking hate surveys.” Tony said, cuddling into his man’s chest, “How about we get one of those smiley face buttons they put in shopping malls?”
“You were only helping me.” said Bucky, “I could have stayed away and kept my hands off you.  I knew what could happen and I took the chance anyway.  Ultimately, I started this.  Don’t blame yourself.”
"I know, I know." Whined Tony while leaving kisses on his neck, "You're always trying to protect everyone.  At ease, soldier."
The feeling of Steve’s eyes producing more tears went unnoticed.  He only realized he was crying when Bucky rushed over to him to knock the blanket onto the floor and sit the both of them on the couch.  “Hey, wait...Stevie, it’s okay.”
Tony's inner Pepper chose that moment to flash a big red alarm, reminding him of his imminent evisceration if he didn't get a move on. He shook himself from within his inner turmoil, compartmentalizing his current predicament to be dealt with later.
Tony nodded, too busy thinking over the last twenty four hours to question how Steve knew what his usual was. Finally the elevator opened into the private lobby, where Tony took a left to exit out the side door of the building. He was not in the correct mindset to be dealing with paparazzi.
basting anyway? -- though the pork chops he'd thrown together had turned out alright. Since the risotto was unsalvageable, that left mashed potatoes as their only side dish. At least he could still boil potatoes without incident. The dessert he'd planned, a majestic peppermint cheesecake, had stubbornly remained a mystery. He couldn't get it to set, no matter what he tried, so he'd grudgingly admitted defeat and purchased one. Maybe Tony wouldn't notice.
“No one says that anymore,” Tony replied good-naturedly. “But sure, get going. We’ll be here, impatiently awaiting your triumphant homecoming.”
"He's a Saudi prince. His folks are the ones hosting this, the ones we were supposed to sway to our side of the table." Tony laughed roughly. "Good job on that, by the way. Agent Agent would be proud."
"We've been here less than two hours and you already have lay of the land?" Tony quipped. "I shouldn't be surprised. Boy Scout to the bone."
“Bucky, will you please hurry up? I’d rather keep my manhood and if we’re any later than we already are, either Sam or Rhodey would be more than happy to relieve me of it.”
“Patience is a virtue, Cap.” Tony grinned at the annoyed puff of air that left Steve’s lips. Steve didn’t even have to look to see the man’s smile in his mind’s eye. “Besides, you worked so hard to make us a homemade meal. I’d hate to spoil your appetite.”
Tony paused mid-breath, whipping his gaze back onto Steve. “Did you just quote a college student Harry Potter parody production at me?”
"Guess I should be going," the super soldier said. He gathered the debris left in the wake of their meal, ignoring Tony's assertions he could handle it, and tossed it all back into its original home. Tony eyed the bag wearily. Stupid bag. "We've been up here for a couple hours," Steve remarked, drawing Tony's gaze. "I'm surprised no one called in or barged up here with some emergency for you to handle."
“Short answer? I made it up. Long answer? I took some solid theories, ran a handful of equations with varying factors, ate some Cheetos I found in DUM-E’s cubby, and picked the number that made the most sense. Not my finest moment, what with the Cheetos, but I made it work.”
Obviously a lot has changed in canon since I first started this story, literal years ago now. But since this is a crack fic au, we’re not going to acknowledge any of that! Whoo! To clarify: this is all some feel-good, self-indulgence that has virtually no real plot whatsoever. Enjoy! <3
"As lovely as this is," Sam said from the doorway to the kitchen, "food's done. We should probably eat it before it gets cold and gross."
“Of course, my apologies. The man every person wants the ear of, a man world renowned for his innovations, a man who really needs no introduction even though I’m required to give him one, the one and only Tony Stark.”
“What? No, he hasn’t made any effort to communicate with me in any complex manner. Not anything like that.”
Steve could hear the gears of Tony's brain whirring as the words hung in the air between them. Steve's own thoughts were a whirlwind, but, in the heart of them all, he could recognize the truth in those words. Not what he'd expected of the evening, but that didn't make the feelings any less real.
is I would be honored to take one for the team. Could've been worse," he shrugged, mischief tugging at the corners of his mouth. "Could've been Clint."
He was probably just a little attention deprived. After all, Rhodey had been in some undisclosed location for the last week and Pepper had been so tied up in SI meetings they hadn't had a proper catch up session in three days. Having Steve so attentive and clingy was good for his ego, but it didn't go much deeper than that. It couldn't.
After forty minutes they finally approached the man who'd given Steve reason to be suspicious. The man's smile was reminiscent of a moray eel, and his demeanor seemed just as slippery.
“Excuse me for interrupting,” the AI said gently, using the same as to pull Tony from his zone while embroiled in a project. “But I believe it would be prudent to inform Sir Odinson of the current circumstances, seeing as he may have the best idea of how to proceed.”
Tony got to his feet, feeling at ease enough to return the wolf’s gesture with a quip of his own. “Would you be open to the idea of following me to the gym with little, preferably zero, bloodshed or fear tactics?”
Donning his resort provided robe over his t-shirt and board shorts, Steve left the comfort of his bed and went in search of the correct spa facilities. This place, spread out as it was, needed a map. Eventually he ended up back at the reception desk to ask for directions. Turned out there
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY DADDY!" Morgan shrieked joyously. She climbed into the bed without preamble, miraculously without incident, and held out her prize. "I made breakfast."
. Maybe it partially came from the temperature regulation protocol Tony used to keep the room toasty and warm, but in the end it didn't really matter where he went as long as Tony was nearby.
Tony shot up into a sitting position and blinked a few times to make sure he hadn’t missed anything. But no, Steve was really gone. He checked his nightstand in case Steve had left a message to explain his absence, trying his damndest to keep his growing anxiety under control when there was no such note. He reached over and grabbed his phone to look for any unread messages, only to be disappointed once again.
“Thanks, Tony. I would have swallowed it, trusted Thor implicitly, but you’re right to be skeptical. Who knows what that stuff might do?”
Tony released a breath in relief. “Thank Odin — and whatever other god there is that relates to wolves – that you decided to not eat me. Not that I thought you would,” he reassured when Steve tilted his head thoughtfully to one side. “This is weird. I’m talking to a wolf. Is this how Little Red Riding Hood felt?” He didn’t know anything significant about wolves – zoology wasn’t really his specialty – but literally having Steve’s head in his hands felt like an ultimate show of trust.
they could’ve gone back to barely tolerating one another. Maybe all this time around Tony made Steve even more eager to get out of Dodge the moment the opportunity presented itself. Not that Tony could blame anyone for that.
Quietly, he crouched down and dug his hands into the snow. He packed it into a decently sized snowball and aimed it at Bucky’s back. A smile took over his features as he called, “Hey, Buck?”
Five more steps cleared the distance between them. Tony crouched down to put himself at the wolf’s eye level, consistently chanting in his mind: this is Steve, this is Steve, this is
“It would seem the Captain may be inclined to agree,” Jarvis said drolly. “Perhaps Sir should check on him?”
"Of course. See you later, Tony." And then another impossible thing happened: Steve leaned down and hugged him. A lingering, more than the customary ten second, sort of hug that left Tony breathless. Steve smiled at him when he broke the embrace, completely ignoring Gregory as he walked away.
In any other situation, with any other person, Tony would joke his way around the topic. But the tension in Steve's eyes, the miniscule glint of fear and discomfort, bade Tony to hold his tongue. "Steve, of course I'm taking this seriously. This is your well-being on the line here." He watched gratefully as the fear eased out of Steve's eyes, even though the discomfort remained. Small victories. "Honestly, sharing a bed with you would be straight out of teenaged me's wildest dreams. Well, the tamer ones. That's irrelevant. My
As the car sped off into traffic, Tony couldn't help but wonder if he smelled like the ocean breeze too.
Clint laughed amicably. “Nah, not this time. I’ll save it when for the I get my 'save the date' request.”
Tony sits next to Steve, takes the phone from lax fingers, and reads the messages from the entire team. He laughs. “Can’t say the man lacks creativity.”
Fighting the unwelcome urge to open his eyes, Tony rolled toward the center of the bed to burrow his face beneath his pillow. Warmth and soft sheets beckoned him, but that nagging itch behind his eyelids refused to give in. He slid one eye open sluggishly, expecting to meet the now familiar sight of a sleeping Steve. What met his gaze instead were rumpled sheets, without a body cradled between them.
Tony rounded the corner of the hallway, mentally telling the Rhodey voice to stop being so damn right all the time.
Broken from his reverie, Tony shook himself from his Steve induced haze and approached his own side of the bed. Holding out the food to Steve, he added, “Not that you aren’t usually a good boy.”
“Magic such as this is delicate. It affects every being differently,” Thor explained patiently. “My people did thorough research to ensure to the best of our ability that this concoction would be attuned to the Captain.”
Tony looked completely unimpressed by the show of emotion. "Why do you even care?" he asked tiredly.
Steve, Tony noticed belatedly, looked almost like a surfer fresh off the waves. His skin had a slight glow to it and the scent of ocean spray, probably his soap, filled Tony's nostrils when he took a breath. The man in question had his hair pushed up in multiple directions like he'd run his fingers through it rather than a towel. Tony mentally berated himself for losing focus. Clever wit, yes. Speechless gawking, no.
Tony frowned for a split second before his eyes sparkled and his body went lax beneath Steve's weight. "Yes, please."
"I hope so." The god looked at the smoldering remains of Toaster Strudel lying on the counter beside the smoking toaster and sighed. "I should have found sustenance elsewhere."
Steve ground his teeth behind the polite plastic smile stretching his lips. This person was going way too far. Possibly even worse than Christine Everhart, which wasn't something Steve thought possible. He instinctively took a step closer to Tony.
“No. I – I don’t want to make a big thing out of it,” Steve said decisively. “Thanks though. For offering the choice. Don’t always get many of those.”
"Careful, sweetheart." Steve reached out to balance the wobbling platter, smiling when Morgan automatically grabbed the dish with both hands. "Did you have any trouble with your fairy bread?"
Steve dressed himself slowly, wondering what he could possibly break that wouldn't be too suspicious or get him kicked out of the resort.
“I’m so sorry,” Steve said again, wringing his hands. His gloves felt too thin, still damp from snow, and he fought a shiver. “If it helps, I wasn’t aiming for you.”
"Yeah, he's the center of my universe," Tony replied. And with the reverence in his voice, Steve could tell instantly just how true that was. "Never pegged myself as the fatherly type, to be honest. Can't say I regret it."
"I wouldn't ask this of you if it wasn't necessary," Steve assured. He said some other things meant to be placating, but Tony wasn't really listening.
He grabbed the key for his locker that he'd left on the shelf by the door, then blinked at the new addition. There was a towel hanging by the door now, so Steve took it and wrapped it around his hips before exiting the room. It felt a little odd, walking around in public with just a towel covering him, but that was the lay of the land in places like this.
The two of them found Thor in the living room of the common floor, draping a quilt over a dozing Bruce. The god of thunder looked up upon their approach, his gaze knowing, and his smile set in a thin, sympathetic line. “Let us take this to the kitchen,” he suggested quietly, shifting his gaze to where Bruce slept on the couch beside him. “The man sleeps so fitfully.”
Tony squinted at Steve when no response came. The solider was already fast asleep, light snuffling breaths escaping between slightly parted lips. The picture before him entirely too adorable for words, Tony simply smiled. He signaled Jarvis to turn off the lights and closed his eyes. The gentle caress of slumber pressed at his eyelids and soon overtook him.
, had Steve balling his hands into fists at his sides. He'd dealt with his fair share of corruption, of apathetic men with crude "jokes" and crass actions. A part of him had hoped the world in this century would be better. And in many ways it was. But people like this man, dismissive and entitled and practically begging to be knocked down a peg or four, annoyed him even on his better days. Today did not bode well.
“When did you become the smart one around here? Wait, don’t answer that.” Tony reached for his phone, before remembering he was in pajamas and the object of his search lay ten feet away on his bedside table. “Text Thundercat and let him know to meet me in the gym. Ought to be quiet down there at this time of day.”
Steve tensed at the reminder. They'd reached an impasse. There has been nothing left to say. Tony had said as much the other night, the two of them retiring to their separate rooms with lingering words of anger they meant but didn't mean.
"Love you too," he intoned before slipping the phone back into his pocket. Checking to ensure he had everything he needed, Tony left the office portion of his workshop. And walked smack dab into a wall of muscle.
"This is my favorite," Steve remarked, his hand softly tracing the frame of a photo consisting of DUM-E's first successful attempt at putting out a fire in Tony's MIT-era workshop. Tony himself could be seen in the corner, clapping. He remembered Rhodey letting out a supportive "WHOOP" as he snapped the photo.
Tony’s scientific mind felt validated, even as his logical mind became disappointed. “That sucks. All that hype for nothing?”
“I see how it is,” Clint grumbled good naturedly. He fluidly rose to his feet, turning his attention back to Thor. “So, what are we looking at here? Capwolf for life?”
Steve chuckled. Tony relished the sound. He was screwed and he might as well enjoy this easy camaraderie with Steve while it lasted.
Tony could feel Bruce’s amusement from the opposite side of the table. He blessed his science bro with a quick grimace before looking back to Thor. “Patience isn’t my forte.”
The kid's eyes lit up, so Tony guessed he remembered the right name after all. "You're welcome, sir. Should I tell Mr. Rogers you'll be right up?"
Steve passed Tony a to-go cup from Reyes’ Bakery along with one of their world-famous glazed doughnuts. Steve grabbed one for himself as well, a white frosted Boston crème doughnut covered in red and blue star shaped sprinkles. Tony repressed a laugh at the familiar sight. Marta always gave Steve that exact doughnut anytime he swung by. “To help with the nostalgia,” she would tease. Steve, the saint, always ate them.
“Forget I said anything,” Steve said as he rose to his feet amidst their newfound silence. He’d eaten the other half of his doughnut sometime during Tony’s emotional crisis. The glazed goodness in Tony’s hand suddenly felt heavy as a brick. “I’ll see you around, Tony.”
"I'll wait for you," once he had Steve's gaze, fluttering his lashes like a movie damsel from the silver screen. More seriously, he added, "We have a lot to talk about.
“This is a story all about how a life got lifted, twisted, and turned upside down.” Tony began with what he knew about his mother’s and father’s lives before they met. He realized Steve most likely knew it all already, but his rapt attention never faltered. By the time Tony reached the day of his own birth, Steve’s eyes drooped like a small child trying to stay awake just a moment longer.
"We need to get you checked." Steve doubted they'd get any sympathy from anyone now that he'd upset someone who was obviously special somehow, so asking for a medic was out of the question. He thought back to the multiple hallways they had walked through to reach this specific ballroom and remembered they were only a few hundred yards from a maintenance closet. Surely there'd be a first aid kit in there among all the cleaning supplies. "I know a place."
The dawning of her warning came to him late and he figured it was because he was so numb from everything that happened. When he went to find her again, he couldn’t and no one could tell him who she was. No one but T’Challa who only laughed and said that he’d spoken to the ghost of the founder of the Dora Milaje. Steve wanted to find out more, to discover what she meant and why she said it. He might not believe she was a phantom but her words still haunted him. Of course, everything went off the rails when he realized he was approaching heat.
“Remind me never to kiss the crown of your head again,” Tony says and it raises a smile on his lips that Steve cannot deny.
episode, stood silhouettes of people. Who were they Tony couldn’t fathom. When he concentrated on their shadows, he made out only feelings – some were pleasant, others were terrifying. One of the figures lorded over the rest. The dark shadow of its form large and looming.
“Steve, it’s okay to want something for yourself. You don’t have to drop the shield because of your own needs.”
“The one that has the Prince’s inner most confidence.” Steve rounds the table to escape Rumlow’s scrutiny.
“It’s marvelous. The upgrade. Dear God, Steve.” He stops and looks directly at Steve. It might be his imagination, but it damn well appears as if Tony’s eyes do see him. “God damn it, Steve, I – it’s amazing. Before the resolution sucked, the processors had to digitally recreate missing pixels and it gave a grainy and often cartoony feel to what I saw. Now,” he gasps. “Now, it’s so different.”
“Wh-what?” He cannot believe that croak that came out of him is his voice. He tries again but gets little sound, more of a growl and a rasp mixed together. “Wha- happen?” As he struggles to sit up, the cave around him spins and collides in his head. The world throbs a beat around him, the darkness trades places with flashes of light and he groans through it until it settles to a wash of gray.
As he drove, Clint kept his eyes scanning the skies and the roadways, Steve asked, “Did they get to their safe houses?”
The idea of seeing Tony again, confirming that he is all right and thriving guts his enthusiasm for riding free on the roads, disappearing into the throng of human life and nature out amongst the countryside. He bows his head and affords himself a moment to quiet his hopes. While it was Pepper who fired him, Tony had his reasons for not reaching out to Pepper.
This is the never completed sequel to The Captain and His Courtesan. I had a master plan here, but I learned a few lessons along the way about sequels so it was abandoned. Only those of you who have read TCHC will even be interested in this chapter. Hope you like it!
The day he walked through the stockade onto the premises of the prison, he often marked as the day he understood the reality of Hell. Seeing men like walking skeletons stare at him with vacant eyes, eyes that did not warn or threaten, only wished for death. He fought to escape in the earliest months of his imprisonment. He tried to break free through the Dead line, the fence to ward prisoners away from the stockade wall. Most prisoners suffered a death shot and were mercifully free of the prison at Camp Sumter. He didn’t get a killing shot, but worse, far worse.
He startled and sat up, jerking against the hand crocheted bedspread. Sunlight blinded him for a moment, but then his eyes adjusted, and he recognized the flat. It wasn’t the tenement room from the 1940s, but the apartment he shared with Bucky. The place he called home and Bucky paid the rent. Standing in the entrance to the bedroom, Bucky leaned against the doorframe. He had a cigarette and he had both arms – flesh and blood. He hadn’t lit his smoke, because even though doctors insisted that the nicotine would be good for Steve’s asthma they both knew that the smoke only aggravated his breathing.
Both Harry and Jamison appear at opposite ends of the vestibule area of the mansion. Tony considers Steven once more and then says, “This is your last chance. Get on your knees and submit. I may consider leniency.”
He plunges through the water, somehow seizes Tony’s limp body. Getting his feet under him, Steve slogs through the river.  He climbs the slippery rocks and slope up to the side of the river with his precious bundle tight to his chest. He dumps Tony against the bank, his legs still draped into the river’s edge. Steve pants and chokes, but realizes he has little time to save Tony. Scrambling up the slope, he slips and falls into the slush and mud. He grapples with a tree root, uses it as leverage, and manages to get up onto the bank. Reaching down, he grabs under Tony’s arms and slides him upward. It’s a struggle but he gets Tony onto the bank.
Tony tried to argue. He did. He couldn't leave Steve. This coward with the crazed and lost look and the metal arm deserved nothing. For Christ's sake, it had been Steve who just been fucking raped and nearly garroted. Not his delusional friend.
“Why do we have printed documents when we have him sign electronically, anyhow?” Tony gets up from the chair and swings around the desk, dragging his finger across it as he moves. It will leave a mark.
Steven shifts his gaze to Tony for a second and there’s a fleeting expression – one of disdain mixed with regret. “As I said we’ll do it together.”
Steve winks at him and continues to eat like yesterday never happened and like he thinks of Tony as a conspiring friend. “So, what do you think? Sledding? But maybe we should try to get into town and help with the clean-up. I’m sure I can find a shovel here somewhere. In the garage?”
The guilt racks through him, a bulldozer leveling his fortitude. For so long he tried to pretend, he shunned the memories of Siberia, but it all bursts forth and he knows the rage again – a hollowed out memory of what he could have done. What was almost done. The flash of Tony’s eyes before Steve brought down the shield into his chest comes back to him, fresh and new. A warrior’s rage directed to his alpha – a sin, a transgression, a crime. Ross is right – Steve is a criminal, but not like the Secretary thinks at all.
Tony leans down and kisses his pulse point until Steve writhing under him. He breaks away. “I know that, but I want to ask you. I want you to know that I respect your opinion.”
Steve feels the heat of his pursuers, hears Bucky’s laughter from amongst the crowd. Time ticks and he needs to get to Tony, there’s no other way. Through the maze, he’s hopelessly lost in the midst of turns and twists. He might be able to reconstruct it with his eidetic memory, but he needs time and the only thing he has is his muscles and strength.
“Sometimes. Later today, we’re taking the boat out just to tool around. It’s his day off, and I think he’s getting a little cabin fever. You can take the boy out of New York City, but you can’t take the New York City out of the boy.” While boating isn’t his favorite thing to do since he went blind, he’s willing to give it a try. He’ll take his motion sickness meds just in case. Having no frame of visual reference makes boating especially hard for him.
When he finally pulled through the gates of his safe house, the sun touched the horizon. The safe house was situated in the middle of the Poconos Mountains. They didn’t have the chance to unload the car. They needed to get inside and be safe from the weakening damage of the ultraviolet rays. When he turned into the driveway of the stone house, Bruce started to pack up the cooler. He snapped it shut as Tony shut off the engine. Getting out of the vehicle, Tony opened the back door. Luckily the tree line of heavy pines to the east of the house blocked the direct rays of the sun. He reached in and grabbed one of the coolers. “Leave the rest of the luggage.”
Would he have to call JARVIS to get Natasha involved? He cursed his lack of restraint, but then a knock on the master suite door alerted him of the arrival of the food and drink. “Come on, Steve. You need to sit up.”
Over the course of the week, their support network shows up. Natasha appears with Pepper. Rhodey takes turns sitting with Steve. Sam and Bucky stay the week in a hotel close to the clinic and often take Steve out to a diner just to get away. Jarvis and Happy are there in intervals. Bruce and Hank go over the data and are pleasantly optimistic. Even Thor shows up to support Steve. It’s nice. It’s perfect. But it’s terribly painful at the same time.
It ends with a hole in his chest and a fire that burned while he wasn’t looking. He scrambles to his bed some nights and remembers the cave and retraces his steps. He goes back to the moment of the attack. No, not when the blast hit the convoy, but when the maniac attacked him.
“The steps? They’re flat stones from the water’s edge. How can they be weird?” Tony says while internally counting. Five, six, seven.
“What the hell is going on? I keep asking and no one is telling. He’s got some weird thing happening to him.” Tony looks around her, realizes the aura has stilled, faded, and dissipated now. “Well, it was there. Some aura, and don’t tell me you didn’t see it when you came in. Now you force feed him some blue magic goo and it’s gone. What’s happening lady. You are not with Raza.”
He falls gently asleep . Thankfully it is blissful and he does not dream. When he wakes he’s in a hospital room that’s more decked out like a hotel room. The bed still has all the monitors around it and is still a hospital bed. The rest of the room is outfitted very much like a luxury hotel room. The windows are large and there’s a sliding door to a balcony. There’s a sitting area with tables and what looks like a bar across from the bed. There are several doors to the right of the sitting area, one of which Steve decides must be the bathroom.
Hot tears sting his eyes and Steve’s angry at Tony, but mostly angry at himself. Natasha said he’d never last. He has to last – this is his job – he should be proud of it. He does good for the clients he serves. It never was his dream, but who dreams of this life? He brushes away the tears and drowns himself in a drink. He won’t get drunk, but hell, if he’s going to show his face to the crowd and let them smirk at him the entire time without some liquid courage.
It took a while, but Tony eased and relaxed enough against Steve that his breathing evened out and he softly snored. His body tucked under Tony’s there was no way to extricated himself, so no stranger to stressful situations, Steve decided the best thing to do was to get some rest. He closed his eyes. The idea of going to the dreamscape popped up and he thought it might be a great opportune time for it to be available again.
“Let me do something,” Tony says because if he can’t help, if Steve doesn’t allow him to even try, he may implode. “Please. I care. I know you don’t want to hear that, but I care.” He doesn’t add
Then they captured Sitwell, and the intersection of their lives and Hydra’s purpose happened on the causeway. Natasha had called him the Winter Soldier, but Steve might have named him Death’s Knight. The fierceness of his attack launched Steve off the highway and through the window of a bus. Even as he picked himself up in the wreckage he felt the strings of flight and fear race through the bonds from both Sam and Natasha, though both of them managed to quell their panic and stay battle ready.  Steve easily put down his attackers but then he felt the punch to his right shoulder as if he’d been shot and he knew through the ache of the bond that Natasha faltered and hid from the Winter Soldier.  In a mad dash, Steve bolted over to her and stopped the Winter Soldier with shield to his fist. Each hit, each fist, and knife thrust blocked and avoided brought them to a strange and horrible equilibrium. Evenly matched, Steve sought to find an inroad, a weakness. But then the weakness exposed was his own, when the Soldier’s mask came off and Steve stood dumbfounded in the middle of the street staring at his friend, his brother, Bucky Barnes. Only Sam’s appearance on the scene and Natasha’s firing of bazooka saved Steve as the shock deafened him to the din of the world around him.
Tony shrugs again and looks toward the door in the cramped storage room. “I did that. Long time ago.” He keeps his eyes averted from Steve. “Used to run into Dad’s office and steal it from his drawer. He found it shortly after he found the Tesseract. Said you wouldn’t be anywhere without it, so he knew you’d be close. Of course, he never found you.” He sighs and then rummages through his bag, not taking anything out of it. “I’d steal it and pretend to be you. The photo was long since gone. I finally found one just like it – I’d seen the newsreels a thousand times – and put it in there one time. My father beat the shit out of me for stealing it. But it was nice to have-.” He stops. The story hangs there, like a thread waiting to be unraveled. He shakes his head. “But that’s it. That’s how the photo is still there.”
“He also beat the shit out of you, didn’t he?” Sam said as he placed the cup next to the pitcher of water.
It takes some maneuvering to get to his room. Two flights of stairs winds Steve. By the time he drops down onto his California king bed with its overabundance of pillows, Steve’s eyes are drooping and his chest aches. He hears Tony talking to Vision.
“Okay, okay. Truce. Maybe you were just having a little fun.” That seems to set the lion into a little prance around Tony, egging him on to play. “I don’t know how to play with a big cat. If I had a laser pointer-.” He stares at his gauntleted hand. “How about this one, big guy?” He rigs up the gauntlet to the arc reactor again and then powers down the juice. “You stay there.” He studies the framework of the hillside and sees a spot not far up that he can easily climb. Hustling, he clambers without any grace up the hill and then takes a few torturous breathes. He should rest, but Blu is standing there waiting for him.
The docks for landing stick out from the main facility like spokes on a wheel. Most of the docks are empty, the central building solitary in the vast ocean surrounding it.  As his ship perches and then lands on one of the empty docks, the giant moorings lock into place with a grinding hiss. Normally, they wouldn’t land their massive Court class vessel on a planet, but this is no ordinary planet, this is no routine world. This is no routine visit, not for him.
Tony nods and gets to work. His hands fly even in the frozen weather. The rope cuts as much as the wind but Tony’s hands show a talent for it. “Learned from the best sailor out there by the name of Rhodes.”
“Yes. Blu means the world to me. Helped me feel safe.” He touches Steve’s shoulder. “But now I think someone else needs him. I want you to have him.”
“He’s joining SHIELD? After we found out it was playing around with Hydra weapons?” Bruce said and his voice showed only despair and disapproval. “I thought better of him.”
Pepper studies him and then leans forward on the desk, her arms folded. “Tell me this isn’t about that thing in your chest. You’re not dying are you?”
“That’s perfection, Sheriff, or should I call you Captain?” Stark says and lays eyes on him to bore through the shields Steve always keeps erected.
As they stood on the mooring dock of the Stark Family estate, Tony wrapped an arm around Steven and said, “It could be, it will be. Once I’m on the High Alpha chair and you are my warrior, we can do great things together. I do listen to the abolitionists, the humanitarians. It’s not only power that I seek but some balance to the universe too.” Steven relaxed then, and something bright and hopeful burned in his eyes.  It warmed Tony, awoken something hopeful in him.“You promised me dinner once. Let’s go and have our dinner and then spend the night together.”
As he swallowed down the sweet nectar, he heard a quiet voice speaking to him. It broke away the babble of those around him, those who nailed him to a fucking cross. The voice was tender and gentle and perfect in its resonance.
“So you think Allah agrees with animal torture?” Tony spots the lion’s blue eyes. Somehow the Lion Hunter and his gang of goons had trapped the lion. How they managed the collar around its neck is a mystery. But it knows torture from its days in captivity.
“Fuck, Pepper, I did what I had to do,” Tony says into the receiver. Two days after Tony asked Steve to be his date for the Maria Stark Foundation Gala, he finally fessed up to asking Steve to attend as his plus one and not his Personal Assistant. It’s not the end of the world. After all, Pepper used to be his Personal Assistant and stood in many times as his date for equally painful events. “I don’t see the problem.”
Steve went to bed that night, achingly  empty, wishing for something insubstantial, wishing for Tony to be with him. The next morning as he woke from a dead and dreamless sleep his phone chirped with a message at the same time he realized the pain in his heart echoed through the lines of the bonds – through the soul pack. Something was missing. Someone was missing. Someone was gone.
Steve chewed on his lower lip. The duffle bag fell to the floor with a clang and he put his hands on his hips. “We shouldn’t do this to you.”
Ross shook his head. “Really, Captain, that language. You’re the pinnacle of human perfection and a symbol of this country. And that’s how you speak to your superiors?” Ross thrust his finger back into Steve’s stab wound. It sent hot spikes of pain through Steve. Piercing and searing. He clamped his jaw shut and tightened his muscles, trying again to hold back his cry.
“True. But Ultron remember is my dreamed up child,” Tony says and there’s a bit of smugness in his voice that irritates Steve. Tony reads Steve’s stiff body language easily enough. He puts up a hand. “That means that he’s willing to let things play out because he’s curious. We just have to make sure we don’t give away the farm – pun intended – as we play his game.”
“Very good, very good.” She looks up from the tablet she taps on. “Can I verify that you are not bonded?”
Steve steps in front of him and clasps his hands. “No. Tony, no. That is not how forgiveness works. Forgiveness is freely given. You don’t earn it. If I can’t forgive you freely, then there’s a deeper issue to be dealt with and we, we already did that. I told you the problem, we figured it out. I believe you’re sorry and you’re not going to do this again.” Tony looks away, but Steve uses a light touch on his chin to bring him back. “I believe you.”
“Me neither.” In their dreams he never saw it, but then again – those were dreams. Or so Tony convinced himself. Steve kept tracing the lines as if he painted them on himself. Each touch shivered through Tony and spikes of pleasure intensified until he couldn’t help but moan a little.
“We’re South Pole, I think,” Tony said. “Fury’s looking for a friendly port. The US is in chaos. Even with Ross and Pierce gone there’s a strong contingency that’s poisoned in the US. You can’t just chop off the monster’s head and not thing there’s more to it than that.”
Grass – at least he knows that much. He’s lying in a field of grass. He closes his eyes again and reviews the steps that got him into this mess. A computer fault, a breakdown of the internet, a search, and finally a discovery.
“You know anything about quantum entanglement?” He points to the book. His tongue licks away the foam from his upper lip and mustache, mesmerizing Steve. The customer coughs and taps on the book. “You know about quantum entanglement?”
“Sweet like a sissy-boy. That’s what I heard. You want that up your ass. I always thought there was something wrong with you. Wanting to prove yourself, not really looking at the girls-.”
“I remember,” Steve says, and tears burn his eyes. How long has he been bound to the brutal god of this place? Part of him doesn’t want to know. “How long?”
The nebula reflects in the transparent material of the bowl and it looks like a planetarium globe Steve once had as a nightlight as a very young child. It glitters with the newborn stars and the colors of the nebula.
“Truths?” Tony said and left the workbench. He hadn’t missed the slip about last night. What could that mean? Should he investigate, prod, push Steve to admit what that slip actually meant? He walked around the bench and joined Steve in the open space in the U shaped workspace. “What do you mean?”
“Long time ago, yeah,” the vampire said and shrugged his shoulders. He had his hands stuffed deep in his pockets. “Feels like it was just yesterday, but it wasn’t. Not at all.”
“Why should I? Tell me why should I bother to say that his first name after what he did? After the lies he told me?” He curses under his breath for failing to curb his outburst. Nothing Stark did or said caused any of this – this is completely his own fault. He’s to blame for everything. He couldn’t handle it, not Tony. Tony – Tony was fine, good.
There’s a small movement, and Tony supposes Steve shrugs. “I was worried about not knowing enough about statistics and biochemistry.”
“But most of the time, you will stay,” Tony says as he moves to the door near the bedroom. “Here.” He waves his ring and the door slides open to the presentation suite. “When you are not performing in your warrior capacity, you will be showing your loyalty, fealty, and submission to me.”
He knows all about the Jedi, because they were his teachers. He might not be a Jedi, but he grew up in their halls, running their errands and playing with the few Padawans they dared to take on. As scholars and part of the Service Order, they should not take on any Padawans, but they believed it their sacred duty to preserve the way of the Jedi Knights as well.
“That, that is not true.” He always wanted her, but he’s always been too stupid to want what was good for him, to keep what was good for him. “I want you. We’re getting married.”
“Wow,” Tony says in a low whisper. “All those stories, all that stuff in the news about your phobia of snow and cold.”
Tony chews back his words, the sharp, cutting ones he normally grabs onto in order to shield himself, like a suit of armor. “You. You don’t have to leave.” He slowly reaches up and takes off his glasses. “Not having money is something you can remedy, Steve. Not having the gift of sight is not something I can fix, apparently.” He feels the wet on his face, tears streaking down. His vulnerabilities laid bare. “You can sympathize with me, Steve. You can feel pity, but you can’t empathize. You couldn’t even if you tried your damnedest.”
Steve sits up. No use lying around pitying himself. His mother would roll her eyes at him and tell him to pick himself up and decide what’s important in his life.
Tony clears his throat and shakes his head, as if he’s getting the cobwebs out. “They’re prepping you for transport. T’Challa contacted Helen Cho. We’re getting you to the cradle, hoping it will restore the gland.”
“Trust no one,” Fury says as if it’s a dismissal. He stares after Fury as the man weaves his way through the busy station.
Steve shifted in the shackles. He wanted Ross gone, he wanted to close his eyes and dream of Tony. He didn’t want to listen to the confessions of a madman.
He feels the moment again like they are fresh, like they are happening to him again. But they aren’t, they are old like the newspapers piled in the corner and burnt on the edges to blackness. His memories are fading and he’s never going to touch Steve again, never going to figure out how Captain America became a hooker in New York. He leaves New York again that night and doesn’t go back.
Howard barked out laughter and shook his head. “I’m reduced to needing the help of an eight-year-old. Perfect, just perfect. Sure, why the hell not. Come in, Tony, regale me with your brilliance.”
When she looked up at him from the tablet she reviewed with the mover, Tony’s heart soared. That look, that love, he never would have hoped for years ago when he drank his way through every new starlet, some race car drivers (they aren’t as macho as they pretend to be), and some hockey players as well as the occasional scientist. Tony needed to throw off the burdensome cloak of his past and move forward with her, a breath of fresh air.
When he awakes again, the nurse in recovery hovers over him. She’s removing the nasal cannula and lightly testing his sense of touch. She presses on his chest and torso, asking him if he can feel it. He can and nods. The room around him is dimly lit and monitors squeak and beep at him. He can feel a blood pressure cuff around his arm. Licking his lips, he asks, “Water?”
The conversation had ended after that and Steve saw the writing on the wall, felt his fate sealed. He’d once dreamed about being something more to Tony, especially on those long winter nights as they discussed the formation of the Avengers Initiative – a real one. One that would be a partnership across the globe. It would grow, but without the partnership Steve truly dreamed about. Now, he plans to do what he can to ensure Tony’s safe passage to the next rim.
Brother – that would make the man she spoke to the king, T’Challa. T’Challa winked at his sister and then bowed his head. “I bow to your most excellent intellect.”
Steve points to a cushioned chair and takes a seat opposite it. “No. That’s Kate across the hall. She’s a nurse. Natasha is one of my partners at SHIELD.”
“You mentioned her on the ship.” Steven says and then they walk toward the morning room. The room is resplendent in the finest dark woods that offset the floor to ceiling doors opening up to the terrace that welcome the gardens. Servants stand at the ready. A sideboard is set and the food warmed, waiting for them.
Reassured, Tony tastes Steve’s nipples. They’re pert and rosy but also with every slight touch he brings a shiver of joy and anticipation to Steve. Tony’s own body responds and his erection strains against his undershorts. He loves a responsive partner in bed; Steve is just that and even more so. Yet, this is far beyond what Tony ever hoped for – this is about permanence and love. This flesh beneath him, the way it trembles, and goosebumps appear will be his, and his alone for the rest of his life. This revelation startles and humbles him at the same time. His self-admission should terrify him, but it doesn’t. This is where he belongs, with Steve.
“Everyone knows the blind guy is acting like a child,” Steve retorts and then cringes. When is he going to learn to watch his mouth.
“How about you just-.” Tony glances at him and relents. “Okay, I need some help with this wiring. How good are you with your hands?”
“Stop calling me that,” Fury replies. “And I need you to accept a new assignment without any hassles.”
“That’s magnificent,” Tony whispers and his hands shakes as he touches Steve. “I can feel you inside of me. Is that normal?”
“I always listened to my mother. I always stood up. I always fought the good fight. Now I don’t know what the good fight is anymore,” Steve said. He didn’t look at her. He picked at his perfect fingernail, peeling away the cuticle until he left it bloody. “Can I tell you a secret?”
“Yes, I know. It’s been all over the news.” Pepper grumbles. “I sent you a dozen text messages. People want to talk with you about it. There’s rumbling at the Board. They want to know if you knew. You have to learn how to communicate better.”
"I'm not sure what you find so amusing," Steve returns and thinks he may need to leave, even though he truly wants to stay.
He helps Steve to his feet. Quickly, they both gather their clothes but while Steve doesn’t dress, the prince dons his clothes. Tony escorts him to the bath. “If you need anything, just ask JARVIS.”
God, he should be at Steve’s side. What the hell was he doing? He was supposed to be a superhero, but he lost his courage. Seeing Steve still like death, gray like a ghost ate away at the last fiber of his strength. His body quaked, and he faded, his awareness flittering on the edges of his perception. In the distance he heard JARVIS calling to him, asking questions. He heard his own voice answering.
Tony continued as he laid his head on Steve’s shoulder. “The Helicarrier I thought was the V-Corps coming to finish us off was actually Fury. Thor and Bruce helped us. I brought you here. But you were dead.” Steve kept still, not speaking, not breathing as he waited for the rest of the story. If he didn’t move, if he didn’t breath perhaps it was all a dream, a nightmare really. Yet he knew it to be true. His life was no longer his – something terrible and wonderful had happened. “I gave you my blood. I opened a vein and dribbled it into your mouth. You were dead. Your lips were gray, your face like ashes. No heart beat.” Steve knew he had a heart beat now. He wasn’t dead – he wasn’t a vampire. “I don’t know if the leftover serum saved you or my blood, but you’re alive now.”
When Steve acknowledged Bucky this time, he recognized a fear in his friend’s expression that he’d only seen on infrequent occasions – those times married up with events that happened to be when Steve was sick. With a nod of his own, Steve agreed. “Where can we talk in private?” He didn’t want an audience for this – not for this at all.
"The people across the hall? Bring them. Or don't; I could send them money while you're gone." Tony knew he'd gone too far in his excitement that Steve hadn't shot him down.
“And I love to play games, so let’s get at it, Cap.”  Steve frowns at the use of his title but follows Tony down the steep hill toward the farm. Tony’s speaking as he finds a pathway. “These are constructs from Ultron. That means don’t expect Clint to act like himself. This Clint is what Ultron perceives as the Clint from the information gathered.”
“Yes, I was ungrateful. Sorry about that. I just don’t do well in the great outdoors. I’m more of a city guy myself.”
He looked up at Steve’s placid face, his features undisturbed by the horror happening within them. Their soul bond weakened, dessicating away from Tony even away from Steve. What was happening? He needed to call for Wong, or someone to help them. If Steve left, if he no longer connected to Tony did that mean the pack was in danger as well? Why would Steve do this to them? Tony squeezed his hand.
“Well, what about you? You’re the expert in his physiology. What do you think?” Tony asked as he shook off the last grogginess of sleep.
Bruce hollows out a cheer and rushes for the platform. Steve has been forgotten. Massive green gray arms wrap Natasha in a hug nearly smothering her. She smiles and there’s laughter. The sounds around him choke the hope out of him and Tony teeters. Natasha pushes away from Bruce and looks around as if she’s searching for someone.
“God, have you ever had a relationship before?” Tony says. That’s wrong to state, because hello Logan. But then again, Logan is a special case. He’s not Tony, he’s not a typical human being.  In the wake of Steve’s reaction, Tony can only ask, “What the hell did Logan do to you?”
“About other realities and how they influence one another. So take that a step further and you have entanglement,” Bruce says and he’s jabbing his finger in the air. Also, Tony’s pretty sure he’s looking a little more green.
“Long enough,” Tony says. His brow is dripping with sweat and fever. “Leave it. It’s better this way.” He shivers under Steve’s touch.
He makes that promise, deep in his heart.  Nearly exhausted, he spots Rhodey coming to save him. Collasping into his friend’s arms, his brain numbs and all he can think about is safety and home. Trying to find that home again would be a journey that would take weeks and months. It’s months later when the enormity of his life and what’s happened hit him – from building Iron Man to confronting Obie – his guts twists and churns at the memory. It’s hot and burns and his eyes sting. He pretends it’s the makeup causing him his eyes to tear when he says, I am Iron Man.
Natasha arrived like the dark storm she was. JAVRIS announced her arrival right before security accepted her identification and she left the car she was driving in front of the house for Happy to deal with. Thor appeared shortly thereafter with a grave look in his eyes, and the rain brewed around him. Breaking the news to Natasha meant exposing the fact that Bruce kept important information from the coven for decades. There was reason they called her the Black Widow. Bruce kept his head bowed and offered to go into stasis for his actions or inactions. Natasha only rolled her eyes.
“Just for a coagulant?” Tony had questioned. A Secretary of Human Security known for his wild ass ideas of a prison in the middle of the ocean and his regular support of vampires being jailed without a trial – well, it seemed out of character. “Why the coagulant?” Could it be that Ross wanted it to wage a better war? Like he said on the news report? The coagulant would be a great help for humans during war, more support on the battlefield, less deaths due to bleed out. The highest rate of mortality in the field during war was hemorrhage. It struck the wrong chord with Tony, though; people like Ross cared little for the pawns they put on the front lines. War wasn’t young men and women dying. It was a game and nothing more. He quizzed Bruce about it.
“I’m sure you did,” Tony says as he tapes his ribs and cleans the cuts. But his mind circles around the word
“I’m not sure you have a say in it,” Tony says and then knocks Steve in the arm. “No, Capsicle, don’t worry I’m running some studies on the definition of consciousness. Trying to figure out our man here.” Tony points to Vision.
“You know,” he said as he picked at the fries. They weren’t quite the same as American fries, especially since the Brits called them chips. “It’s hard to believe he’s the same person. I mean Bucky and the Winter Soldier.”
“Right here.” He thinks that might be Scott and he wants to ask him about his family and the story of the Prime pairing. But he never sees Scott. He doesn’t see any of them because the lights around him darken and Sam’s calling to him, telling him to stay awake.
“Was he your alpha?” Tony asks and would be astounded if he’s had three alphas in his life time. That would either be highly suspect or very bad luck.
“I don’t even know what it means. Hell, I thought it was just gaining powers or something – that’s all. But it’s this other thing. I’m beyond immortal-.I don’t know. I can’t be killed with just anything. Sure, the sun still weakens me, but what happened to me-.” Tony stopped and gulped. Steve clasped his hand. “What happened on the roof – well, that can’t happen again. Ever.”
Strucker not only headed up a secret Hydra base, but Loki’s scepter found its way into the man’s hands. As they prepared to board the Quin Jet and fly to Sokovia, Tony watched as Steve went through the pre-flight review of the knowns and variables to the battle plan. He had a holographic map floating in the midst of the Jet. He spun it around and studied it. Natasha and Maria stood beside him.
– or God bless you.” He pours the stew into the pot. “But the problem was humans can’t survive in the world of the Fae. If you eat food beyond the veil then you wither and die inside because it has no nutritional value, not for humans. This is kind of like that.”
Steve chuckles but it dies down too quickly. “I slept – on the plane. Or jet, I think you called it jet. Yeah. Jet.” His eyes never land on Tony; they jump and leap about the room.
Boarding and then strapping in Tony kept his facial expression neutral. His doubts and anxieties were his own. The Quin Jet launched into the gray overcast sky. In a startling moment of clarity, Tony understood why soul packs stayed insular and set apart. It had nothing to do with their perfection and everything to do with their deficiencies. If soul packs faltered, then what happened to the members? He glanced around the jet as Barton deftly piloted it over the vast sprawling island below them. Each and every Avenger harbored some hurt or pain or flaw that could undo all the possibilities that could be accomplished with the soul pack. His thoughts turned inward to his tenuous hold on Steve.
“That was decades ago. Look at him. He’s barely able to keep his head up. Get him prepped for me to bond with him. I want it done before we get ready to depart.” He pulls his glasses off and squints at the man in the glass cage. “He’ll do nicely.”
“I don’t know how to hide them,” Steve says. “Right now, I can’t do much with them. They’re still injured and hurt.”
“That’s rich, son, that’s really rich. I’d throw you out on your ass right now, but you just fixed old Betsy and I’m worn tired and old from all the intrigue in my life,” she says and she gets up to walk over to the air conditioner. She turns up the fan until it’s deafening. She lets the air blow over her as she talks. “Here’s something you need to know, you can’t see my son’s dead body unless you get in touch with Agent Coulson. You talk to Coulson, you can visit my son’s grave. Coulson’s a good man. He’ll help you.”
Steve started picking his way through broken metal and debris. Tony as Iron Man followed him. He scanned the wreckage for any clues who his new pack mates might be. JARVIS collected the data. Steve spent time helping the clearing crews and lifting heavy objects for them. Tony suspected he only did it because he thought waiting around might lead to Bucky showing up.
Steve frowned and ignored her indirect reference to his relationship. “I think you’re right. We need another group but Sharon and Maria are not enough.”
“It’s your shield. Your bloody shield. You sleep with the damned thing, don’t you?” Tony guesses. Truly he has no idea, other than the territory he avoids completely.
Steve regards him with that look of disapproval that they must have perfected in the 40s because Tony remembers it from his father. “Well, you’re not looking into artificial intelligence again?”
“We expect that it can do wonderful things to the feeding gland. Your metabolism works at roughly four times the speed of a normal metabolism. It’s predicted that you aren’t aging. Telomeric studies of your cells confirm that.” Ross paced in the dark. “Don’t look so shocked, Captain. Of course, we took tissue samples all those years ago when you were found. Tests and studies were done. And now there’s a theory. An important one that could change the world.”
“It’s something you have to consider soon, though, Tony. The implant has to go. You know that.” Strange moves closer to Tony. He’s not the touchy feeling kind of doctor, but he does place his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “The sooner the better.”
Yet, here the prince sways with him, holds him, dips him and hovers ever so close for a kiss – but then pulls away teasing him. He should be the one seducing Tony and not the other way around it. Tony bends him into a dip and slowly caresses his face as the music and stars surround them.
“Front pocket?” A nod. Tony releases him and Steve falls forward on this hands and knees. It’s the worse position for him to be in but he can’t move, he doesn’t have the strength to pick himself up. He hears Tony unzip the backpack, but he doesn’t look up. His vision blurs with tears and his mouth opens gulping for air and then Tony’s hands are on him, pushing him back to sit down.
“Audio off,” Tony says and then commands, “Jarwin, tell Jamison to assist him.” He pulls the glasses off and shakes his head. “He’ll never have true fealty to me. He loves the Carbonelli alpha. Been dead for decades but he is so obviously in love.”
“Make fists with them as we walk,” Steve says. A curl of a smile appears on his face. “Fists with your toes.”
“When I was on the run with Natasha, we ended up in New Jersey. I think you know about that, where I was essentially – where Project Rebirth happened. Or part of it.”
Steve placed his hand on Tony’s shoulder. “Don’t do that. Don’t tear it down. It’s wonderful and it’s helping me understand even more how this whole soul pack works.”
A lot of this was a repeat of what he’d read before. He hoped the site offered more in-depth knowledge on Beloved specifically. Wong repeatedly told him to use the site as a guide but not as the final word. What that meant, Steve never truly received a clear reply.
Pep snaps to attention and yanks off her glasses. She squints at Tony, trying to understand his declaration. “What?”
The hollowed places in his bones tell a different story. After the chaos of the press conference and Pepper’s efficient method of slipping him out of the back door for escape, Tony stumbles and nearly falls. The vacuous places in his bones don’t give him enough strength to stand on his own two feet. He feels like an injured bird, light and defenseless. Pepper catches him, along with Happy. They shuffle him out of the building and Happy drives him home. Tony waves his dedicated employee and friend – mostly friend off. He’s okay he insists. He just needs some sleep.
“Don’t try and break the chains. All you’ll do is hurt yourself and they want you to do that.” Clint stayed in the shadows as if Steve wouldn’t be able to recognize his voice. “The metal is adamantium. Strongest stuff around. Stronger than even Captain America.”
All Tony’s motivations, all his anger and irritation seems a distant thing now. “I didn’t want punishment. I didn’t. I wanted to clear the air?” He doesn’t know. “You kissed me. We don’t kiss. We don’t do that.”
Steve curves around, flanking the stage and the security with ease as he targets the stage from the side back corner instead of the front. He’s at the foot of the steps as Pepper and Rhodes lead Tony down from the stage. Steve shouts his orders, “Security form a protective circle around Mister Stark. Don’t let anyone near him.”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” Tony said and glanced at Thor, who looked pensive. “Why the hell do you keep so much secret? Why don’t you explain things to me? Why?”
“Getting there,” Steve says and cannot deny he’s happy that Tony is at least speaking now, forming sentences. His brain seems to be taking into account everything that’s going on around him.
With the Outriders they may be able to mount a direct attack on the Keep, but the problem remains that the Keep and its location serves to be a difficult fortress to run an assault. It also means a long battle. The Outriders are a primitive species and do well in short bursts, but not long drawn out battles.
“I’m afraid that no one can stop, sir, when his mind is made up and he’s determined, Sheriff Rogers,” Jarvis says as brings the tea on a tray. He sets it on the table between the two chairs and then stands to the side, waiting.
Thor. Why would Thor of all people follow him? They didn’t even have anything in common. In fact, he’s not certain he actually talked to the demi-god one on one ever. He probably spoke more to his crazed, adopted brother than he ever did with Thor. Tony stopped and turned around to watch as Thor crossed the distance between them.
“I’m not, but I think we all saw your reaction of him. Right now, like I said, we’re in the situation where he’s the kind of guy you stop,” Sam said. “Are you ready for that?”
Thor had never been the puzzle master in the family. That title had been bestowed upon his brother, Loki, many times during their childhood. Frigga told Thor once that he looked at things in black and white not in the shades of colors that existed in the world.
Steve shrugs and says, “I think you know most of it. The tesseract caused me to come back as a lion.”
“Wait until you see if I burn it,” Steve said. “Can you check and see if there are any cups or mugs somewhere?”
“No.” Tony doesn’t know what else to say. This whole thing is insane. “Everything is crazy, Steve. But you can’t get there anymore. Right?”
Yet. The moments before their deaths, before Howard and Maria met the Winter Soldier, clicked into Tony’s mind as if he’d simply pressed a button. He saw Howard’s blood, heard the pleading in his voice, saw him reached up to a cold-hearted killer. But the worst of it, the horror of it was when he experienced the crushing of the bones of his mother’s trachea.
Steve sits back, his pillows piled high against the headboard of their shared master bedroom high in the Stark Tower. The sun peeks through the blinds of their bedroom, sending a streak of rays across their bed. It doesn’t bother Tony at all. The light strikes his face, his chest. As Steve gazes at his husband, he sees the stages of Tony drifting closer to wakefulness. He shifts a little as if he’s seeking something, his hand reaches out and Steve moves his hand. Tony finds it, grasps it, quiets. It’s Tony’s left hand, the one that Steve placed a ring on not quite 3 years ago. They could have had a whirlwind romance, in fact they did, but then they spent so much time in each other’s pockets they didn’t think about marriage until Sam mentioned it. It had been a given to both of them that they would always be together, the legality was formality. Sam, Pepper, Rhodey, Bucky all bugged them until they finally tied the knot.
Steve doesn’t answer just holds Tony tighter and they stay that way for the rest of the day, holding tight on what they have in the here and now…
Steve groans a little and Alpha grunts as well. He tears at Steve’s hair but won’t allow him any purchase, any maneuverability. Steve loosens his throat as the alpha pushes deeper, passed his epiglottis. He has to fight not to gag, but the idea of it, the force of it throws Steve further into heat and he smells the fragrance of his own gland as it excretes the bonding elixir.
“Don’t worry. I talked with Pierce. We have the place to ourselves – well – except for the vendors,” Tony says with a smile teasing his lips.
Even now as the taxi made it through the increasingly compressed streets of Mumbai, Tony gags at the memories of what had been on that thumb drive.
“Neither do I,” Tony said and placed a hand on his chest. He rubbed at his scar and then walked over to the window.  As he stood in profile, Steve caught the grimace.
Tony had gotten to his feet and stood beside Steve. He gazed out of the window. “How do we do that?”
“I’m not sure the library is what I need,” Steve had replied and felt as if the muscles of his back and shoulders were bundled into knots. He’d spent his life in service and now he was a lost thing, a tool without purpose. But he had followed the advice of the new King of Wakanda and ended up in the library in the back room, searching through old texts.
Steve slipped his arms under Tony, just hovering over him. “I don’t want to go back Tony. I don’t want to see the despair I used to have in my soul. I want to celebrate being with you, having a pack, a family. We’re together and I don’t want to ever let that go again.” He kissed Tony’s forehead and then whispered, “I know there are things that make it difficult. I know everything isn’t perfect, but when is life supposed to be? Right now, I want to love you and that’s all my soul needs.”
“That makes no sense. There are no alphas out there,” Tony says and he’s not happy to be lied to. He could easily activate the collar, it activates on his voice commands. He hesitates. “Truly?”
“Less of the old school, more of the new,” Stark says and he’s appraising Steve, his eyes are critical and intense in their expression. Steve can appreciate a man who doesn’t trust immediately.
Tony doesn’t answer right away. The crescent moon illuminates his face. The dry tears glimmer like streaks of moonlight gracing his cheeks. Steve can’t help but want to touch them, and then he finds he is, wiping away the tears. “Stay.”
“And the Board didn’t shit a brick over you becoming CEO,” Tony finishes. He eases back in the chair opposite her desk.
“It’s Tony,” Stark says, and he has the audacity to reach out and pat Steve’s hand that is laying on the table.  “And I know more than you realize about your exploits during the war. My father shared quite a bit of the real you.”
“Not ones I can’t control,” Tony replies and grabs Steve’s elbow. “Perhaps something to eat like you suggested.”
“I could set you up as a Resident Artist, you know. I could set you up on one of the Stark planets.”
He shifted and sat right next to Steve, wrapping an arm around those wide shoulders that always served to lift the weight of the world while no one held him. “It’s okay. Hey, I’m here.” Knowing how uncomfortable it might make Steve, Tony changed gears. “We’ll all here for you.”
“On ice,” Bucky supplied, and the words went straight to Steve’s heart. He recalled the files on Bucky – the papers saying how he’d spent years frozen in between his missions.
“We all have our own devils, Captain,” Tony says and lays back in his chair, his hand slipping from Steve’s. Though Jarvis dotes on him, Tony looks refreshed and healthy as if the attack or sickness that gripped him was only a figment of Steve’s imagination.
“I know what you’re going to say Tony,” Steve says and the slightly off, the too earnest attitude Steve portrayed over the last few weeks is nowhere to be found. “You’re going to ask me about the seizures. Is the serum working? Should we call in specialists. Don’t worry, I have them under control. Usually, I can tell when they’re coming on. There’s nothing to be concern-.”
Before he can acknowledge Darcy’s warning, Erik is back with a tray. He places a pot of coffee on the table, ceramic mugs, and a plate of cookies. Steve picks up the mug and looks it over.
Steve gulps at the pancake he holds and swallows it dry. Coughing, his chest tightens, and he screws up his face. He really needs to go back to his room and take his meds for the day. He grabs some juice and thankfully it works – not a full blown lung issue then so that’s good. The next thing he needs to purchase are some long term patches to support his lung care. Mentally, he puts that on his list – while it’s not full out augmentation like the prince must have with his heart – at least the patches would make him less dependent on daily medicine.
“It’s good, you should have some,” Tony says and points to the small loaf. It isn’t any bigger than Steve’s hand.
“As we indicated, we do things in an irregular way around here,” Stark says and there’s a mystery, lying there waiting for him to tease it apart and figure out what it all means.
Tony’s thoughts of needing to do it alone reflected Steve’s own loneliness. They mirrored one another. He stared at the neural networks buzzing overhead and understood a little more of his attraction and his bond with Steve.
He glances up from his work and spots Blu, slowly lapping at his paws. If Tony gets out of here, they all do – including the damned lion.
“My friends aren’t well,” Steve murmurs. He’s weaker than Tony thought. He looks up at Tony and his eyes are bleary with the pain. “After we escaped, I took care of them as best I could.”
“The Purge. You’ve been to the Purge,” Tony gasps. The feral omegas are there – how long have they been there? Are they breeding, if what Steven says is true? “What have you seen?”
Tony pounds the glass and says, “That’s the rote response. Tell me the truth. What the hell happened?”
“I don’t, not really,” Tony said. He gazed into the fire as if finding some comfort there. “He’s the ultimate Manchurian candidate.  I get that, but wrapping it into my head and looking at his face, I’ll always remember what he did to my mom.”
She moved her food around in her plate for a few minutes in the silence of the dining room. Picking up her wine glass, she drank it down and then stood up. “Go and search for your boyfriend, Howard, but if you do you’re not to come to my bed again.” She threw her cloth napkin down onto the plate and stormed out.
Steve averted his eyes and cleared his throat before he asked "What did he mean by 'are you still a…'"
Carol looked concerned as they stepped into the marble hallway/ half kitchen.  “I hope it goes away soon.” she said sweetly, “You still look handsome!  At least you get to stay in this swanky place, huh?"  The blonde woman was always so positive.
Steve managed to lean all the way back against the wall of the shower. The glass was nice and cold on his neck.
"See you tomorrow?  Or does that depend on how much you drink tonight?" Asked Tony as they got in the elevator.
Pepper was giving him a look, telling him without words to not fuck this up.  It was business, but Tony didn’t care. He would stand up to the U.S. fucking Army.
Tony didn’t exactly tell Happy the details, but he had to tell Rhodey.  Those piercing eyes his oldest friend would give him made Tony unable to hide anything from him.  Of course Rhodey went off about Steve and how fucked up he was.  He suggested Tony kick him out and dump him.
Steve shed his jacket at the door, hanging it haphazardly on the back of a chair. He toed off his shoes with equal carelessness, though he made sure to push them against the wall. He'd seen Tony trip on too many things in a half awake fugue state to want to chance it.
Tony stretched up for a kiss and Steve granted him a chaste peck on the lips. "Not that I don't love waking up to your gorgeous face," the genius managed before a yawn slipped free. "But," he continued, "why am I awake at a presumed ungodly hour?"
. Then Tony held out his right hand, palm up, and lowered his gaze. He waited silently, leaving his breath held in his throat. Before long, quickly enough to avoid another spiral of panic, a wet nose butted gently against his palm, followed by a tentative whine.
essentially why you're here. Not to socialize with an old hag like me. I'm a terrible tour guide but I can set you up with someone." At this point he began to vainly hope some catastrophe would befall New York City that only the Avengers could tackle. "You know what? Here," Tony pulled a guest pass from one of the nearby desks, "take this. It'll let all the people know you have permission to be wandering around. I've got to go handle that thing I mentioned, but someone will be with you shortly."
“Stark, do no fret. I shall be back in a week, perhaps a month at most. The sooner I leave, the sooner our friend may be returned to us in good health once more.” Thor placed a hand on Tony’s shoulder to grab his attention. Tony stopped pacing and turned to face him, amused when the wolf stubbornly placed itself between the two men. “All you must do is treat Steven as you would any other canine creature. Feed him meat, exercise with him, keep him comfortable. Stay by his side always, remind him he is cared for.” Thor stooped down and looked into the wolf’s eyes. Whatever he found there must have answered any fears he may have had. “Fury needs not know of this, and our brethren heroes will find out soon enough.”
"Aside from being late to the meeting, it all ran smoothly. Remind me to send TJ a gift basket," Tony added for Jarvis' benefit. "What do kids like nowadays? Video games? Passes to the water park?"
Steve found his room and got settled in, looking over the various items in the room. Sam would get a kick out of the fruit bowl. By the time Steve had surfed through all the channels on the TV and found nothing interesting, it was time for him to enjoy his first organized activity of the weekend: a mud bath and facial.
Tony places the phone on the coffee table, leans forward into Steve’s personal space. “I can make it up to you,” he murmurs against Steve’s lips.
Tony has no time to adjust to something unexpected. He feels like he did a pretty good job of not freaking out.
outside of the refuge of his mind just yet – rose to its feet as well, letting its head drop in what could be perceived as a sort of bowing movement. “Are you nodding at me?” Tony clarified. The wolf looked him in the eye before turning its head toward the door with a snort. “Okay, okay, we’re going.”
"Alright, I'll pretend I believe you this time." Rhodes shook his head, but the smile on his face undermined any real scolding.
like being able to make a difference, to have a positive impact on communities across the country; to put his name and money where his mouth was by donating to charities, visiting children’s hospitals to brighten up someone’s day, and speaking at well-meaning fundraiser events. He didn’t like the fact these events took him away from Tony, liked it even less when the business trips were overlapping Tony’s own, making it so that they ended up on opposite sides of the continent. Like right now, with Tony promoting a new product launch for S.I. while Steve was holed up in Boston for a handful of university commencement speeches.
Steve had the decency to look sheepish as he stopped to lean against the battered cement wall. "Your suit was down. What else was I supposed to do?"
Tony ignored the flush of warmth rising in his gut that accompanied those words, replying with a simple nod that seemed to assuage Steve enough. He thought over his reaction the entire way to the bathroom, as he washed his hands, and the entire walk back to the common room where Steve waited.
Steve found himself with arms full of Tony Stark, surrounded by the familiar scent of cologne and ever present remnants of mechanical grease that seemed to live in Tony's pores no matter how often or how thoroughly he bathed. Steve doesn't move,
I didn’t die! Depression is the worst. Hadn’t written anything in soooo long it makes me sad to think about it. BUT, thanks to the stony server over on discord (put on the suit) and all the amazing, inspiring people there, I’m slowly getting back into a writing headspace and I’m gonna finish this! I have the rest fully outlined so even in my low moods I should be able to at least follow the outline. I’ll be finishing this story if it kills me or takes half a decade (but I plan to take less than that I swear).
Many things had changed during the years Steve lay frozen, but the bright lights of New York City at Christmas time had steadfastly remained. They were brighter now, and more prevalent. The glowing blues and reds, greens and whites, brought a smile to his face every time he walked the streets. A steaming cup of hot cider in hand, Steve would wander through neighborhoods with an air of wonder and awe. Giant inflatable reindeer and snowmen, countless light displays, and Christmas carols echoing in the air were things he would never grow tired of.
“Yay! He still likes me!” The archer placed his hand gently atop the wolf’s head, then thought better of it when his fingers were nearly a victim of the wolf’s sharp canines. “Okay, okay, no touching.”
Tony stepped around the wolf to open the door, waving his hand with a flourish to imply the wolf take the lead to the elevator. The creature eyed him yet again before walking past Tony out into the hallway and in the direction of the elevator. The gym took up the 83
The wolf returned the favor, snuffling gently against Tony’s palm. He nosed his way across Tony’s wrist, and Tony fought a shiver at the touch. Then that inquisitive snout made its way up his arm, to the juncture of his neck and shoulder. He pushed his way out of Tony’s grip and stretched up to sniff at Tony’s hair. Oddly enough, Tony felt the urge to lean into it.
“I think I would refuse on principle for the first day or two, but eventually feel horribly guilty for bothering you – or whoever the spell bonded me with – with my need for affection and close proximity and drink the potion. Hope for the best and go from there.” Steve nodded. “But you don’t have to if you don’t want to,” Tony added. “We can keep looking for something else.”
He rolled onto his back, looking blankly at the ceiling as tears welled in the corners of his eyes against his will.
Tony spared the woman a glance and a smile before returning his attention to Steve. "Just stand there and look pretty. I'll do the talking."
“I would hazard to guess he has forgiven me, albeit reluctantly. Our good Captain is pure hearted, indeed.” Thor stood, returning his attention to Tony. “My friend, please tell me what has happened in my short absence. Did he awaken as such?”
"There seems to be an ongoing blaze in the common kitchen, sir. Sir Odinson is quite admirably attempting to extinguish it without outside assistance."
Moving slowly, Tony began running his fingers through Steve's hair. The other man hummed softly, leaning further into the touch. Tony couldn't help but smirk at how utterly adorable the man in his lap could be. "Steve."
“Right,” Tony said aloud, remembering he had company and needed to speak. “I’ll deal with my snitch AI later. In my defense, some of that time included sleeping. If that makes you feel any better.”
Steve puffed out a breath that sounded suspiciously like laughter. “A few, yes. Where did you get that success rate from if neither you nor Jarvis could find any further information?”
Tony held his breath. Silence enveloped the room, both men unsure what would happen next. Ten minutes passed with no visible effect.
Tony glanced up from where his head lay on Steve's chest, a soft smile on his lips. "You're welcome. But really, thank
"Not at all." The woman typed in a few more things before pulling out a keycard from a drawer and handing it to Steve. "This is your room key, room 13B. We hope you enjoy your stay, and you can call the front desk with any questions."
"Likewise," Gregory replied. He shook his hand out behind his back once Steve let go, causing Tony to withhold a huff of laughter. Steve totally did that on purpose. He'd bake him a cake later. Or order one. Same thing.
Steve may have an irrational attachment to this ratty Boston apartment, as Tony had pointed out on multiple occasions, but something about the view over South Boston gave him a happy nostalgia of growing up, sitting here in a neighborhood filled to the brim with Irish tradition. Now he’s glad he held onto it after that fateful mission decades ago, where SHIELD had needed him undercover to fish out rumors regarding an underground trafficking ring. Because right now, sitting on his IKEA couch with a name he can’t pronounce and clutching his laptop, watching the sun turning toward the horizon through his tiny glass window, Steve has never felt more at home. Well, that’s not really true. There are other places, other faces, that provide him the same sense of warmth and familiarity. Bucky’s studio, back when the two of them kept each other warm on long winter nights passing a bottle of cheap whiskey back and forth, words pouring from their lips like flames of a nonexistent fireplace. The tower, after a few months of settling in, had been domesticity and friendship and bad jokes and walking in on Clint hiding from Natasha’s wrath in the vents too many times to count. Eventually any room that held Tony proved to be home.
Tony’s eyes widened as his mind whirled. No, he vehemently reminded himself, this is just that wayward warlock magic. Steve only missed him because his mind couldn’t handle being away from Tony for extended periods of time. Besides, the longer the spell stayed in place there was no telling if it gained potency.
“Yeah,” Steve replied. “Figured you could probably use a pick-me-up. Jarvis told me you’ve been in here for nearly five hours.”
Steve shook his head, slowly enough to give Tony a rush of worry. "I don't know. Could be an hour, could be three." He looked down at Tony then, and Tony commiserated with the fatigue he saw in those blue eyes. "Get some sleep if you want. I won't let anything happen to you."
Steve kept moving, not in the mood to deal with the man who had brought this whole scenario into being. He looked down at Tony to check on his progress, startled to see Tony already gazing upward.
He stood up and went to grab the tape, feeling Tony's eyes on him. When he returned to Tony's side, crouched with his hand extended, Tony pushed him away.
“It would seem you are upset regarding Captain Rogers’ disappearance. If I may direct your attention elsewhere for just a moment, I believe you will see that distress is unwarranted.”
The wolf watched the object soar and then land with a hollow thud. Its gaze shifted to Clint, completely bored and uninterested. Tony bit back a laugh at the silent dismissal, and another at the way Clint’s expression fell. After a few moments of Clint giving his best pleading look, the wolf finally took pity on the man and dutifully trotted over to the abandoned shield. He picked the object up, the gleaming wood looking oddly comfortable between lupine jaws. He dropped it at Clint’s feet with a wolfish smile.
“J, can you test this stuff?” Tony snatched the vial from Steve’s grasp. “No way it’s going anywhere near Steve if we don’t even know what it’s capable of.”
Steve grunted but made an effort to move his feet and take some of his own weight, which Tony was grateful for. He should have been prepared for something like this to happen, but even he hadn't expected a run of the mill recon mission to turn into a full on firefight.
Tony rolled his eyes. “You’re no fun today.” When Jarvis didn’t grace him with a reply, Tony resigned himself to a night of cliché rom coms and a healthy dose of rocky road ice cream. He didn’t even like it much, but after years of eating it at MIT with Rhodey it had unironically become his comfort food in times of emotional stress. He wasn’t mourning the loss of Steve’s newfound friendship, no sir. It just felt like a “You’ve Got Mail” and “Crazy Stupid Love” kind of night.
Steve looked from Tony on the floor to the gathering of shocked speechless onlookers, to the man who had accidentally shot Iron Man, and back to Tony. "Kind of late for that."
Gregory laughed, like Tony was a stand up comedian at the Apollo telling the best joke the world had ever heard. "You jest, surely."
“I’m a well-rounded talent. Only the best for you, Spangles.” Tony motioned to the bed, hand hovering over what had quickly become Steve’s side of the mattress. “Get comfortable. I’ll grab the liquid moonlight and a yummy snack.” He went over to the mini-fridge, grabbed the Chinese takeout he’d saved from earlier with one hand and the small vial with the other hand, his fingers tightening their grasp subconsciously around smooth glass before loosening again.
"What are you waiting for?" the disgruntled royal interjected. "Arrest him! He not only verbally disrespected me, but he laid hands on me!"
In the bathroom, headband keeping his hair from his face, Tony stood swaying before the mirror as he dipped his fingers into some honey yellow substance. Steve knew from experience that it was some type of face cream, not that he understood why Tony felt the need to use five different ones.
"Yeah. Happy should be outside by now. Or whoever Pepper sent to fetch me." Tony winced at his choice of words. Fetch. Oops. "You know what I mean."
Steve left the kitchen to meet Tony in the hallway. He’d just thrown his coat over the back of the nearest couch, JARVIS’ long-suffering sigh going unheeded, and now strode toward Steve with a covered dish in his hands.
“My apologies.” Tony had rarely seen the thunder god so sheepish. “While visiting Taurean I learned of two potions, the one we sought and one that the civilization of Taurean held dearly to heart. Their race is capable of shifting forms, and this other tonic enables them to remain in their opposite forms for longer periods of time. Embracing their more basic instincts, allowing them to encourage their animal side, for lack of better words. I’d use their language, but I doubt you’d understand it. Regardless, it can be fixed. I shall return to Taurean and inform them of my blunder.”
Steve opened his eyes slowly, feeling like he'd just interrupted a moment never meant to be seen. "Uh, yeah, sorry. Just heard something from the kitchen and wanted to make sure everything was okay."
Tony shook his head to clear his mind, then quickly switched to nodding in case Steve took it to mean he
Steve reached out a hand and helped to haul the other man to his feet, dusting off the excess snow still lingering on his jacket and jeans. The gesture was so second nature that Steve didn’t even realize he was doing it until the other man laughed softly.
stupid.” Tony inhaled. In for five, hold for five, out for five. Just like that video Pepper had sent him. He followed the breathing exercise a few more times, relaxing incrementally with each repetition.
Tony let him go without another word, turning on his heel in the direction of the main kitchen available to everyone.
Steve would be worried. Five hours with no food was nothing to Tony; he could, and had, go for entire days without sustenance of any kind beyond the ever-present pot of coffee. Steve, with his super serum enhanced metabolism, would probably get eaten alive from the inside in the same situation. And wasn’t
Somehow lying in a tub filled with hot mud, two technicians working on his hands and feet while he relaxed, made sense. Steve had never been the type for pampering. He kept his facial hair and nails clean to give a presentable and professional appearance, but all these lotions and oils and candles were out of his usual territory. He didn't think he'd enjoy something like this. He'd only taken the voucher when Fury mentioned deep tissue massages and jacuzzi tubs. But now… well, Steve could get used to this.
The man scoffed, but Steve could see a twitch of his lips that implied laughter more than derision. “If it helps, that doesn’t make it hurt any less.”
Forty minutes pass with the expected pre-selected questions, a handful of questions sent in via social media, and a rundown on the best restaurants in the Los Angeles area. Eventually the interview draws to a close, Steve sighing with relief in Tony’s stead.
Steve zoned out as Tony began his usual spiel with the reporter. He tuned in abruptly when the conversation took an odd turn.
"A little birdie told me I could find you here," Steve said softly. Tony could hear the smirk in his voice from where his face kept aforementioned muscles company.
On some occasions people became aggressive, pushing into personal space or attacking with venomous words. Tony handled those moments just as gracefully, though it riled Steve up inside to see the immature comments slide by. Tony could handle himself, of course he could.
He returned his attention to the man beside him, his heart beating fast behind his ribs. He forced himself to take a few deep breaths because having an asthma attack now wouldn’t do anyone any good. Then he caught the other man’s gaze and… wow. The man’s dark brown eyes were framed by some of the longest lashes Steve had ever seen.
"Don't be ridiculous, Steve. You dropped the shield and while your suit may be flame retardant, I'd feel a hell of a lot safer if you just let me handle this."
The camera clicks off and the screen goes black, the live chat box beneath going wild with speculation as to just who Tony was flying to Boston to visit. Understandably, he and Tony aren’t out to the public just yet. Just under a month and it still feels too new, too fragile, to throw into the limelight and the scrutiny of their adoring public. Steve rolls his eyes at the thought, exiting out of the screen. He looks through his emails, just in case, before shutting the computer down and putting it on the coffee table in front of him. He leans over and pulls his phone off its charger, just as a flurry of buzzes and dings ring out in the relative silence.
By the time Tony regained his senses enough to form a coherent sentence, Steve was probably halfway to Central Park. Hypothetically, Tony
“Mr. Stark, thank you for joining us tonight. We’re all well aware you’re a busy man, especially with the upcoming launch. Can you tell us a bit about how you came up with the product? What inspired this new breakthrough?”
Steve drew his now bloody hand into Tony's line of sight. "You're not fine." He stood, hating the grimace of pain on Tony's face. "Come on, we'll figure something out." He held out a hand in offer of assistance, but Tony swatted it away.
"It's fine, Tony. Don't worry about it." Steve stood to leave. A part of Tony didn't want him to go. "I'll make do. Maybe go down to the gym and tire myself out."
He had lived and loved longer than most people, by any normal standards, but no other moment in time could compare to this.
They made their way to the other side of town, hoping they’d be able to find a parking space outside of the townhouse their friend Sam shared with one of his coworkers in a local gated community. Luckily for them, there was one lone space remaining upon their arrival, right beside a dark red Range Rover decked with gold accents.
Tony drew his gaze away from broad shoulders, which looked especially broad just now, and met the other man’s eyes instead. He dreaded taking this hope away from Steve, but some things had to be done. Plus, Tony was a bad news professional.
"Nope!" she replied enthusiastically. How or where she had seen it, Steve would never know. But she had been so adamant that Tony would enjoy the "sugary sprinkley goodness" that Steve couldn't deny her.
He moved to his feet and followed the sound, happy to see a man in the resort's uniform pushing around a maintenance cart. He's saved!
Tony briefly considered getting up to relieve his bladder (drinking coffee on a regular basis did things to a person), but one glimpse at Steve's angelic features had the genius closing his eyes and relaxing once more. A person would have to be a monster to wake Steve up when he looked like that. All soft and at peace, like Tony had only ever seen him once in the entirety of their acquaintance.
Tony loved having an extremely competent AI in moments like this. He really did. He deserved a pat on the back. And so did Jarvis. He'd have to do something about getting Jarvis a physical form at some point.
"It might," Steve muttered shyly. Was he nervous? Embarrassed? Ashamed? Tony couldn't really tell. "Look, Tony." There it was, finally making an appearance: his Captain America voice. "I know this isn't exactly... normal."
“Once the required items were obtained, I returned to Asgard where Heimdall took them to his great grandmother to have her brew the potion. She’s a witch of sorts,” he added when Bruce looked ready to inquire further on the topic. “It took six days to brew in her world, but I returned as quickly as I could.”
Bucky stepped fully into the room, shoving his arms carelessly through his sweater sleeves. He chuckled at the look of betrayal upon his best friend’s face. “Okay, okay. Let’s go then.”
“Don’t be jealous, Stark.” The knowing grin on Clint’s face set Tony’s nerves on edge. Nothing good ever  came from that look. “I’m sure Cap would love to play with you. Right, Cap?”
TJ's eyes widened, probably because of the twenty dollar bill Tony had just palmed him, but he nodded and promised to have the man safely delivered to his destination.
Tony hopped a few steps to catch up with Steve's wider stride, keeping an eye out for any more surprises. "Geez, you didn't have to nearly decapitate the guy."
“It’s okay, Steve, it’s just Thor being Thor,” he assured, hands falling to pet the fur atop the wolf’s head. “People say I’m the one who has to be center of attention, but they’ve clearly never been in the same room as Asgardian royalty.”
Steve felt his cheeks heat up once more. “Right. Yeah, I’m sure Sam has some spare clothes that’ll fit you.” Steve gestured at himself with a wry grin. “I’m afraid any of my stuff would be a bit too small.”
Tony hissed beneath him, groaning when Steve's hand pressed against sticky fabric. "I'm fine. Steve, get up! I'm fine."
"You're an idiot, Rogers," he grumbled as Steve continued to inch them further away from the scene of the incident. "Do you know who that man is?"
Steve stood when Tony entered the room. Tony wasn't quite sure how he felt about that, but it was neither here nor there. This odd behavior wouldn't last much longer anyway. Thor was certain he could find some sort of counterspell in Asgard. When all was said and done, this would just be another crazy situation they all looked back on and laughed about.
Tony finally gets away from Gregory long enough to have that lunch date with Steve. But it's not a date.
“Yep. Muscles here will pop on over, grab the reverse wolfsbane, and everything will be back to normal in no time,” Tony reassured.
"Say that again," Tony rasped. "I'm hallucinating from a combination of shock, dehydration, and blood loss. That's the only viable explanation for what I just heard. But say it again anyway. It'll be a nice sendoff, to have the last words I ever hear be a love confession from god damn Captain fucking America."
? How do you figure?” Tony sighed before Jarvis could respond. “Don’t answer that. I know, I know. Go pet the wolf, tell it I still love it, blah blah.” He slowly opened his eyes, gaze immediately meeting the wolf’s –
The wolf shuffled at his feet, its head leaning against Tony’s thigh lending warmth and comfort. Could it read minds too? Or maybe he was just
Well, Tony reasoned as he walked down the short corridor, he hated the bad kind. The invasive paparazzi kind. The sleazy slimeball kind. But Steve's attention? That wasn't so bad.
Tony collapsed onto the sofa with a relieved sigh, feeling utterly exhausted after the Avengers' nasty tussle with a group of alien warlocks. Everyone else followed suit, excepting Thor who stood in the midst of them all.
Tony, on the other hand, didn't receive the same luxury. Everywhere he went the man was tailed by paparazzi, accosted by reporters, approached by fans, and the interactions on social media were above and beyond Steve's reach. Tony gave press conferences, smiled for every camera in his sight line, and always had some witty one liners up his sleeve to bring his audience to a friendly state of mind. Steve couldn't imagine being as graceful as Tony if he were in the same situation.
Tony squinted up at Steve before removing a hand from his verifiable blanket cocoon (when had that happened?) to grasp Steve's forearm. After a few insistent tugs, Steve gave in and leaned forward as if Tony's sleepy grip had any sort of real strength behind it. "Thanks," he said again. Somehow the gesture felt insanely intimate.
"Cap, you idiot. Is this what had you so wound up these past couple days? You thought, what, that I didn't care about you as much? That it didn't kill me to go to sleep thinking
Steve groaned in protest but relented, reluctantly sliding onto the sofa cushions with a quiet huff. "Hurry back."
Tony threw on a pair of less hole-ridden sweats and an old MIT sweatshirt he’d stolen before making his way out to the elevator. If Thor had found the antidote, that would be it. Steve wouldn’t need him anymore. They’d probably act like the entire ordeal never happened.
But that didn't lessen Steve's desire to stare them down with his patented glare of disappointment and see them cower as their words slowly faded into silence.
The woman nodded demurely, typing something into the computer set up in front of her. "Yes, here we are. Will you be staying the entire weekend?"
The last activity for the day was one Steve had been very much looking forward to: the sauna. An entire hour of just sitting in a room of steam, letting the stress sweat itself out of him. Even better was the fact Steve would have the room all to himself, no need for idle small talk with strangers.
He had shown up at Sam's house with the intention of sharing the holiday with his family of his own making, and would be leaving with the possibility of adding two more people to that list. And if he was really lucky, maybe this crush could lead to something more.
The man scoffed, moving to stand to his full height. He still stood a good three inches below Steve's eye line, but the move seemed to give him newfound confidence. "Do you know who I am?"
Thor looked at each occupant of the table individually before fully resting his attention on Tony and Steve. The afflicted, Tony scoffed mentally.
“Wait, don’t tell me. I’m not panicking, this is fine. Nothing odd going on here, no sir. Just a hulking pile of fur with razor sharp teeth guarding my door and preventing any exit strategies from being executed. Not that I would try to leave anyway. No sudden movements. I’m not
The supplies Steve had stacked against the door flew apart as something impacted with it from the other side. Then the door rattled on its hinges for a second time.
Hello again! Thank you so much for all the comments, kudos, and support on the last chapter! I’m not happy about the circumstances that led to me having time for updating, but I’m also not mad about having the motivation and the ”mojo” back on my side for now. While going through my notebook, I found out there were alternate versions of the last chapter, so maybe those will become reality at some point after this story is finished. Right now, it looks like there will be two more chapters after this (next chapter and a little epilogue section) but there might be three. We’ll see how I’m feeling.
Steve looks up at Tony, a smile fighting a scowl across his lips. The scowl wins. “Clint is being his usual self in the group chat.”
“J?” Tony paused as his AI’s words penetrated the foggy haze of panic still lingering over his rational mind. It didn’t make sense, but… “Are you telling me that the wolf staring me down is
With blue eyes narrowed critically, the wolf stood its ground. Once satisfied its prey wouldn’t be making any sudden moves, it sniffed around Clint’s feet. Slowly it released the tension in its shoulders. Next, its tail dropped into a relaxed state. Finally, the wolf looked Clint directly in the eyes and sat down.
Shrugging, Steve ambled toward their bedroom. He was determined to strip down to his briefs and crawl under the covers. Once he got settled he could ask JARVIS to send a message to Tony. Knowing his husband, he was probably down in the workshop elbows deep in some circuitry.
Steve barked a laugh at that, garnering a genuine grin from Tony. "Tsk, tsk, Cap. 'Tis not well-suited of you to encourage ragging on a fellow Avenger. isn't that setting a bad example? You're a worldwide role model for morality, you know."
With every step Clint took, Tony’s shoulders tensed a bit further. Any second now, the archer would put the pieces together. He may be willfully dense at times, but Tony knew better than to think the man stupid. Silence hung in the air as he waited for Clint to speak.
A small shuffling sound behind him reminded Tony about the coffee and doughnuts that had magically appeared and brought him fully out of his peaceful slumber. He twisted his chair in the appropriate direction with eager anticipation. He did
He arrived at the locker he'd put his clothing in and began fiddling with the lock mechanism. For some reason it wouldn't open, and Steve could feel anxiety rising in his gut. Why wasn't it opening? It had worked fine an hour ago! Then, to his shock and dismay, the tiny golden key broke right in half, the teeth stuck inside the lock itself.
Everything would be fine the next time he opened them, he told himself. Everything would be just fine.
Tony shrugged. He couldn't exactly say "well no one bothered us because I explicitly told them not to, or else," so he said the next best thing. "Probably another slow day at the office."
All in the blink of an eye, three men in dark tuxedo suits surrounded them. All three had their weapons up and pointed at Steve.
He turned to face the other man anyway, attempting to keep a visible look of distaste off his features. He'd dealt with worse. "I do that," Tony offered as explanation. "Things to do, people to avoid. The work of Tony Stark never ends."
An eternity later -- though Steve was sure it was merely a blink of an eye -- the man blinked and groaned. The pained noise broke Steve from his trance and he rushed to the man’s side, an apology spilling from his lips before he’d even kneeled on the ground to reach out to help the man into a sitting position. He looked over his shoulder to tell Bucky to grab some ice, but he was already gone. Assumedly to let Sam know what had happened, Steve hoped.
"Dad! I made you eggs and bacon. Happy birthday!" Peter pushed the dish into Tony's free hand, carefully dropping the fork on top. "I let Dad help," Peter admitted, "but I told him when to take it out. And I put it on the plate. AND I mixed the egg stuff all by myself!"
Tony turned away, unable to look at that expression any longer without some dire consequences. "Least I can do." He walked toward his bed, his stride maybe a little quicker than usual. Nobody needed to know what was about to happen. He had nothing to be nervous about.
"Mr. Stark," the voice called out again. This time Tony actually looked at the guy. He wore a dark pinstripe suit, black oxfords, and a white necktie. Business attire. Maybe not a pap? His blond hair and slight British accent made something click in Tony's mind and he vaguely remembered Pepper mentioning this guy before. Some man from the U.K. who was fascinated by the company and wanted to pay a visit to HQ, and maybe invest some capital if he liked what he saw. Blah, blah, blah. Usually he left it to Pep to entertain potential investors and the like, but apparently this guy had asked for him specifically and wouldn't take no for an answer. And what with the amount of materials (and general destruction) the Avengers went through on a regular basis, a bit more money in the company was never really a bad thing.
“Just making sure.” He smiled. “Got in a fresh shipment of blood too.” He raised his hands to Tony’s concerns. “No issues. We did the back-door deal and it’s not traceable.”
Steven looks away and says, “I loved my alpha. He loved me.” His voice quakes as he speaks. “I would have done anything for him. Anything. I did what I had to do to try and save him.” He looks back then and meets Tony’s gaze. “But he’s lost to me now.”
And then the climax released him from its clutches and he cried out, wholly and completely. Steve gazed down at Tony, a look of surprise etched in his features. He shifted and slipped out of Tony. Then slowly he bent down and brought Tony back to the heavens himself. Steve’s mouth was a masterpiece of perfection and skill. When he finally came back to himself, breath would barely fill his lungs. It was Steve petting him and shushing him that finally regulated his breathing again.
Thor smiled. “I enjoy the new experiences. Being here, I like it quite a great deal.” He pointed to the mark on his wrist that indicated his place in the pack. “I never would have seen myself as a Guide. I would have thought Warrior or some such. To be named a Guide – it is teaching me something about myself.”
Howard exhaled and sliced his meat. “Don’t listen to your mother, Tony. Your father’s no sissy boy and neither was Captain America. He was the bravest, strongest man I ever had the privilege to know.”
“No, I mean political trouble. You need to think beyond the next troop movement, Tony. You’ll never get anywhere if you’re always worried about the soldier and not the wider picture of the Conclave and the war.” Obie scowls at Steve but hooks his arm around Tony’s shoulder and leads him to the viewing box. “Now I have Pierce here. Prime’s independent but we could definitely use his support. I want you to spend some time talking to him.”
Steve picks up the paper and like anyone in his position ‘pretends to read it’. Tony gives him credit for actually staring at the eight-page document for more than a minute. In fact, it’s eight minutes almost to a second according to the data from his glasses before Steve tears his focus away from the document.
The glamour, now always part of Steve, focused his attention to Tony. Steve worried he’d lost his free will to Tony, but then again, Tony constantly fretted over it. Though, as Steve drove toward the safe house and mulled over the story Clint related to him, Steve weighed what he knew and what he believed about Tony.  Trying on the doubts tightened his shoulders and strung his chest into fits. He loved Tony, they’d shared so many secrets and hopes. They even talked about a time in the future where mates were accepted. Where they could live out in the open. Natasha warned him
Steve slips his hand away from him. He looks away to the window to the ocean endlessly moves and sways in time with Earth’s mate, the moon. Smiling, small and sad, Steve whispers, “Of course. I meant, the marriage – the gay marriage in general – is real – is official.”
“We’ll help you.” Natasha leaned across the table and reached out her hand to Bruce. Tony watched his internal struggle with regard to whether or not to take her hand.
Looking around as if searching for someone, she releases a breath when she realizes she’s alone. “Okay, but I’m not sure how much time we actually have.”
Steve doesn’t reply right away. Instead, the swirls of colors mesmerize him, and he centers himself. He lived many long lives. Now, he’s ready to rest. Looking at Tony, he sees the same wish in his eyes. Steve reaches out his hand. Tony grasps it.
For so long and for all his life, he’s been required to be the smartest person in the room. When a problem needs to be solved, all eyes turn to him. The burden rests squarely on his shoulders. The idea of sharing that burden sparks hope in his chest he can’t deny. It’s been so long that he’s relied only on himself. Even when the Avengers came together, Tony thought of them only as a momentary thing. He heaved that bomb onto his back and flew it in the hole in space because no one else could – or no. He couldn’t trust anyone else to do it. It had to be done right and he had to do it. He spent years in school and in his life learning that others couldn’t be counted on – now – counting on Steve, depending on him to be there for him along with the rest of the team still feels like a foreign concept. But he needs to accept it, get used to it. It feels like the right thing to do, he cannot deny it.
“Thor and Loki?” Steve says and flops down on the bed. “Thor and Loki? Did you just say Thor and Loki?”
Steve didn’t rush it. He only pounded harder and shoved further and deeper. Tony rode toward the inevitable, the need to feed, the insatiable appetite for life in his soul – if he had one at all. With every push, every thrust, the deprivation inside expanded until he knew only want, until he understood nothing but the primal urge to feed, until Steve shuddered and stilled and Tony sat up in a blur of motion and bit down on the other side of his throat – gnashing his fangs into the flesh as a gush of blood spurted into his mouth. Steve hung within his orgasm – paralyzed again as Tony released the toxin. Tony’s whole body cycled in his climax as he drank and the bright lights of the sun burst through him and his nerves sang back with renewed energy. His body vibrated with life and death and what was in between the two states. Steve managed a slight moan as the toxin kept him in a perpetual state of orgasm. Tony clasped him hard, his own body refreshed and blushed with life again. The absolution of blood raced through him, washing away his death and bringing him back to life. He let go and screamed out his final climax.
Steven gazes directly up at Tony. His eyes are motes that are not readable. “I’m not sure what you’d like me to say, my lord.” The last is hissed more than anything else and Tony frowns at it. “I’ve been to the Purge, yes. Anyone with any knowledge of the Purge knows that its history and its name comes from the Great Purge.”
The coolness of a dying body under his hands transformed, shifted and heated to life. Vessels and nerves pulsated and reanimated. Life. At his fingertips. He brushed his hands down the length of Sam’s chest and the ripped holes knitted together, the tissue, the cells regenerated as he touched and concentrated. The tissues wove together as his fingers lingered as if he was a pianist and he tapped each key with a loving touch. The music of life burst forth. A halo of energy wrapped around them. As Steve followed his instincts he heard someone gasp next to him. Even as the healing drained him, Steve furiously worked to stitch all the wounds, to heal with the life energy at his fingertips. He needed more, though. The internal energy he drew upon was nascent and new, but not strong enough to pull Sam from the edge of death. He was too far gone. Steve needed more to save Sam.
Blu goes to the side of the stream and picks something up in his mouth and then chucks it at Tony. When it hits the water, he jumps away from it.
“Wha-?” He felt it then, the delivery. The payload of nanobots sent into his stab wound. Tiny artificial organisms festered. Daggers split through his nerves and he squeezed his eyes closed, trying to fight off the pain. He bit at his bottom lip. He couldn’t hold on, he couldn’t grab anything because the sheaths of nanobots over his hands paralyzed him and forced his hands open. The nanobots shackling him controlled him, kept him paralyzed.
Coulson tilts his head a little and then says, "You are related. Yes, your predescessor, Captain America aka Steve Rogers, was related to you. Yes."
The phone rings and it takes a few rings before Jarvis answers. Tony forgot how late it is. After Jarvis greets him, Tony apologizes, “Sorry Jarvis, I forgot what time it is.”
Just in time to mull his dilemma, Blu joins him at the shoreline of the stream. The lion looks positively grumpy as if he’s silently reprimanding Tony for leaving his company.
Through the long dark confined tunnels, Tony carries his burden. At times, he has to ask Steve to walk, but he tries his best to keep that to a minimum. Once free of the cave’s tunnel system, he walks out into the light. The sun paints the land in colors of gold and crimson. The sky’s azure color faded to the palest blue. As he prepares to lift off, he glances down at his cargo, and notices that Steve looks peaceful for the first time. His eyes are closed and his head notched close to where Tony’s heart would be.
Dark circles shadow his eyes. The paleness of his skin is only shocking compared to the angry red welts on his face and across his chest as if he’s still healing from being used as a target in training practices. From this angle he doesn’t look as sickly, there’s muscle to his chest and thighs. He’s not as solid as he should be, but he’s not a skeleton. Tony sees the wounds near his gland against his collar bone – it’s inflamed and hot – maybe due to impending heat.
Tony sweeps away the gossip news. “How many times do I have to tell you Friday, that’s trash you’re watching?”
“Lots. I have a terrible sweet tooth. It’s one of the reasons I hide blueberries around the lab. I try to curb it with good stuff.” He smiles at Steve and it spreads warmth through him – warmth he shouldn’t feel. He is – after all – just an employee.
Wong stifles and huffs a little. “Well, I know nothing about nine yards but I can tell you quite a bit about the nanotech we are working with. Have you ever heard of Hank Pym?”
“Steve is not me. This is inappropriate Tony. You shouldn’t ask your employee out on a date.” Pepper huffs loudly into the phone as if he doesn’t already know she’s exasperated with him.
He disregards Steven as he passes him and marches out of the main floor vestibule to the entrance of his mansion. . He could use the tunnel to the Main Conference Building, but he decides a swift walk across the gardens might do him good. He might not punch his omega in the face. He’s boiling inside. When he hears the pad of Steven’s boots behind him, he stops and confronts him again.
The red and gold of the fire flared and sparked. He wanted to question it, but the shadows lurked in the recesses where the fire couldn’t stand, where life and death mixed to form something immutable. The fire shielded him from these places, these areas of power and potency, where life turned to death and then again to something superior, supreme and absolute. The fire protected him from treading upon that darkness. It kept him in the light, bathed him in warmth and never burned or scorched his flesh. He didn’t fight it, nor did he care to. The fire offered him something better than the night. It offered him life. He sank into it, letting the licks of flame consume him.
He’d listened enraptured by the story of Captain America and his Howling Commandos along with Peggy Carter and her vampire coven. It helped him not be afraid, but it hadn’t changed his view of vampires until he transformed into one himself. A decade ago. A long time for a human but a blink of an eye for him. He’d been lucky to mate with Steve. As long as he didn’t sustain a life threatening wound, Steve would be with Tony for a long time.
Tony shrugs. “They would have had to do it anyway since I’m a prince of the Conclave. I don’t know if you noticed but I usually don’t get to go where I want to go without it being a strongly controlled environment.”
“Take solace in your coven, Anthony. It will be the one thing that will be with you for all of your days,” Thor said and grasped his shoulder before departing and leaving Tony to his thoughts. One of the things Thor had not said was that Steve would be with him for all of his days. Steve wasn’t aging, at least not at a normal human rate. Tony assumed that meant he was as immortal as a vampire, but he never considered the fact that Steve was infinitely more fragile in many more ways.
“And if the outside world interrupts it, who knows what will happen,” Tony says. He crosses the short distance between them, standing behind Steve, but wrapping his arms around his waist. “I get it. I feel it too. I don’t want the world intruding on us. Not just yet.”
“Call it pragmatic. I see the reality of the situation. Tell me you don’t know half the stories of the people of this town, looking for some kind of redemption or hide-out, or a way to start fresh?”
“Redwing – Steve,” Bucky says and he’s not sure the bird understands him – only Sam seems to have enough Force sensitivity to actually affect the bird’s communication. The bird with its flash of red on its flight feathers streaks forward and flies through the bars of each cell. There are screams and cries as the bird does but then Redwing zooms out again, still searching.
“Stupid bastard,” Rumlow said as he hooked his arm around Tony’s elbow and pulled him over to the side. “Save your energy for what’s coming next.”
Steve screwed up his mouth and Tony couldn’t tell whether or not he was laughing or quelling his anger. The feedback through the bond mixed and oscillated in all directions. “Okay,” Steve said after a pause. “I get it. But I am not leaving him out there. He’s pack and I understand the issue you have. I can’t let him wander without anyone caring for him. He needs someone to care.”
Steve drops his gaze to the toy in his arms. “I don’t think there’s going to be a logical explanation anyway Tony.”
“Holy shit! Really?” Tony said and that distant look dissipated as he latched onto the new information. “Like it’s trying to go beyond or something?”
The grizzled guard huffs, throws a deadly glance at Steve, but follows orders and is left behind in the shop as the dozen clerks surround him like locust on a field of crops.
Tentatively, Steve places his hand on the bright display and the nanobots thicken around his grip. He gasps and pulls his hand away.
Steve steps aside and gestures for Tony to enter. Taking it as a good sign, he accepts and asks Steve to pick up the beer. He does and follows Tony into the apartment. He has Tony deposit the pizza boxes in the kitchen on the small counter. In silence Steve places the six pack next to the boxes. His body language closes up immediately, arms crossed over his chest. He looks good, healthy. He’s gotten a more modern haircut and he’s bulkier.
“You were sleeping.  I didn’t want to bother you,” Steve said. He sat across from the bed in a tattered chair with a pad of paper and a lead pencil.
The lion lowers his brow and then slowly lowers himself to the cave floor, placing his great head on his paws. He looks at Tony and sighs. His eyes are morning blue like the kind Tony remembers from the winter days he spent skiing in Aspen. Up on the mountain, gazing across the ridged back of the Earth, the clouds dotting the sky only accentuated the azure. He’d felt like he was in paradise even in the cold.
“Maybe,” Richards crosses his arms and they seem like someone drew him wrong – like they’re too long. “Maybe? A time loop?”
“We’ve tested his limits and except for the one trigger word, everything is easily handled.” More tests and checks would be planned. Security measures put into place. No one outside of this room knew the one trigger word – no one outside of Tony knew the others. His biology would never let him reveal those things. He would die for his Submissive.
Tony streaked down like a bullet out of the sky. Lightning crackled, and thunder rolled across the night as Thor flew past him. From the balustrade of the fortress gunfire blasted through the air.
That sends Steve over the edge, knowing that he can do this, that his client is happy and pleasured. He clenches down and orgasms sending Sam into his own climax. Once they are finished Sam isn’t ready to leave. In fact, he cuddles up against Steve and kisses his shoulder.
Steve looks down at his own plate and frowns. The wait staff are standing in the wings. Tony will give his short speech first before they come and serve dinner. The sheer wealth in the room overshadows everything else and Steve is just a particle of sand amongst the diamonds. Rhodes is wrong – Steve shouldn’t stay. He should get up, leave. If he ends up back in New York, it will be with Asgardian comics, not with Tony. He just doesn’t fit in. He starts to stand, but Tony is speaking and something in his tone, captures Steve, keeps him perched between remaining and leaving.
“Getting crucified will do that to you,” Tony growled and jerked away from her probing hand. “Just leave us the fuck alone.”
Steve had never been false in the dreamscape. In fact, he’d been more of himself in this place between worlds than he’d been in real life for the first year or so of his interaction with Tony.
Tony came to the fire, putting his hands out to warm them. It was still a little more smoky than warming but Steve moved the logs to create more air pockets for the fire.
Tony clicks off the phone. Whatever happened, he’s at a lost to figure it out. He immerses himself in the problem at hand – the rewiring of the ancient whole house generator. Hours later he hears the door slam upstairs and his heart skips a beat. The thought of Steve venturing outside during a literal blizzard terrifies him more than he wants to say. He drops his tools and races upstairs to find that – no Steve hadn’t just left he was actually returning from chopping wood apparently. He carries a huge armload of split logs in his arms.
Now, Steve let Natasha’s words wash over him as he thought about the possibilities, the potential. Could he? Would he dare? Steve glanced up at Natasha. “That was a little poetic.”
“Yeah, about that.” Tony starts to make coffee. “Not the date.” He pulls down some mugs. “The tesseract. We need to talk about it. How it works.”
Steve balances and then looks over his shoulder and sees the faintest shimmer of blue light – a light that’s similar to the way Tony’s arc reactor used to glow in the dark.
Even though he wants to comfort Tony, no energy to move stifles his attempt. He slowly sinks into oblivion again. When he wakes Tony’s standing near the entrance way to their little hideout. Steve’s not sure where – he can’t remember. He thinks they talked about it. He thinks Tony might have answered. As he stares silently at Tony in his partial armor, facing away from him, Steve realizes he’s clutching something in his right hand. He opens it to find his compass – the one with Peggy’s photograph. A weak smile crosses his lips. The Smithsonian had salvaged it, long before they found him. Who knows how the photo or the compass survived? He conjured it into his backpack, thinking they might need a compass. But he supposes that was a silly assumption in Ultron’s game. He didn’t have his backpack the last he recalled.
touch Morgan like that. She’s—” He stops himself abruptly because he knows how he feels about Morgan, and he also knows that Pepper isn’t going to like it.
He gives them their space and time. He has had Tony for years, even if things are still more cool than friendly, and he’s effectively had Morgan for even longer. He’s certainly spent more time with her.
One thing Steve could not have predicted from these little secret arranged meetings is Pepper suspecting him of being involved with Morgan.
Ah, those whys. Hard whys. Whys that make Steve’s heart ache for her. “He did die,” he says. “The world saw him die, so he needs to stay dead.”
Andy, Nicky, and Joe had all been in the area anyway, getting tired of the nightmares and dreams that come from not meeting. They need to get to Tony Stark, and they need to do it fast. If people think his body has been stolen, that’s fine.
Cradling Morgan to him like she’s his own personal emotional-support child, he asks, “Aren’t I allowed to miss him too?”
To say that keeping Tony Stark under wraps is a challenge is something of an understatement. Stark is used to going anywhere, doing
“We’re immortal,” he says. Morgan turns sharply to look at him. “For real,” he says. “Not just… enhanced. It’s not just the serum for me. We’re… immortal. We can’t be killed. I’m told that we can die… eventually. That at some point it runs out, but apparently it takes hundreds or thousands of years to happen.”
Even if the hurt weren’t there, Steve thinks that maybe the insecurity would be anyway. Tony and Pepper were good together, good for each other, but they were… safe choices for one another. Less for Pepper than for Tony, but still, Steve knows Tony felt safe with Pepper.
Steve tries really hard not to think about that and instead tries to focus on the fact he has his friend back for right now.
Steve stares at the phone and wonders if any of the others had frustrated Andy the way he and Tony seem to.
with him," Andy says, exasperated. She's thousands of years old. She should be able to handle one bored genius.
He wishes he’d done as well with other things he’d kept from her father, but he doesn’t say that. He just says, “It’s my pleasure.”
Steve gives him his most earnest look, and it makes Tony laugh, a deep, belly laugh that Morgan is good at getting but no one else is. It makes Steve’s chest warm to see him happy like this.
She frowns but doesn’t apologize. She’s gotten harder, colder in the last decade, as if without Tony, she’s forgotten how to relax and take in the little things, to find the small joys in life. It’s strange to him, because he knows exactly how stressful she found working for Tony, but for all that they spend a fair amount of time in proximity because of Morgan, they aren’t friends. They’re never going to be friends.
“Don’t you ‘what’ me, Rogers,” Pepper says. “You have been taking my daughter out, alone, the last year—”
There is agony on Rogers’ face, and not the mere agony of losing a friend. They have watched Tony Stark through Steve Rogers’ eyes for years, so he may be able to lie to himself, but he can’t lie to them.
Steve livestreams Morgan’s high school graduation to Tony. They have a private celebration a week later. Morgan gets into and decides to attend MIT. She wants to go to the school her father attended, even though every school on the planet would have fallen over themselves to have Morgan Stark attend.
Lips press into a thin line that makes the lines in her cheeks stand out and makes Steve realize how thin she’s gotten. Not that Pepper ever really had any extra fat on her to begin with, but she’s even thinner now. Steve is around as often as he physically can be for Morgan, but there is too much history, too much pain, too much of Tony between him and Pepper, and he had missed how much she is still grieving.
“You’re not,” Andy assures. “Not any more than any of us already are, anyway. We need to get to him.” She motions to the door behind him.
wants to argue, but he’s got no standing here, and he knows it. This is part of the reason they aren’t friends; Steve is at Pepper’s mercy to have access to Morgan, and Pepper has never let him forget it. She’s not that way with Bruce or Rhodey; Steve is the exception, not the rule, so it’s
Taking a risk, Andy steps forward and puts a hand on a massive bicep. “Let us protect our own,” she says.
He can hear her sigh through the phone. “Tell him about you, if you have to. That’s your call. Don’t tell him about us.”
that formal, but one of the other immortals calls in to check on him at least once a week. They don’t exactly hover, and they don’t even always call—Booker and Nile usually text—but there’s a definite mother-hen sense. Especially from Joe. Steve would be more bothered by it if he didn’t find it endearing. These people are soldiers, have fought together extensively for hundreds of years, and expect to have him with them as well. It’s touching rather. He just wishes Tony would deign to speak to him.
Morgan sighs, the wind carrying the sound of it away, but he sees her shoulders heave with it. “Mom doesn’t know, does she?”
"I just don't know what to do with him," Andy says, exasperated. She's thousands of years old. She should be able to handle one bored genius.
Biting her bottom lip, she looks away again. “No, it’s not,” she says after a moment, then she looks at him out of the corner of her eye. “Did you think I would do that?”
Steve tilts his head from side to side, considering. “Maybe,” he says. “Maybe once they would have. I think it’s been too long and there would be too many questions and too much suspicion.”
Which means that after everyone else has left after her sixteenth birthday, he’s not surprised she finally asks.
, but she’s not spoiled in the entitled way. She knows how to work for what she wants, she knows the value of work, and she understands—by some miracle of Pepper’s raising—that money doesn’t come out of thin air.
“My dad’s alive, isn’t he?” Right to the heart of the matter. Morgan is so much Tony’s daughter that it makes Steve ache sometimes.
reach out, but honestly, they’ve been trying for nearly a decade, and he’s made no sign or movement to search for them. Maybe he really is an anomaly. Maybe he doesn’t see them. In any case, the world has gone crazier than they’ve ever seen, and it’s time to help others.
to have that conversation. He’s not sure if he should. Bucky is a supersoldier who hasn’t aged a day in the seventy years since the war, but there’s no way of knowing if that’s indefinite.
That gets a disbelieving snort out of Tony. “If you tell me you didn’t put the fear of Captain America in them, I’m calling bullshit.”
They know the night after Captain America hits the ice that he’s one of them. The dreams of him waking in the ice before drowning and freezing again are added to their routine nightmares. Booker drinks even more than before, saddled with both Quynh and Captain America’s waking horrors.
Steve closes his eyes and counts to five before he says, “Tony can’t be here, so I’m going to do the best I can to give her anything she might need.”
“Can’t you?” Tony asks. Steve’s not sure if he’s more surprised that Tony has opened this can of worms or that he doesn’t seem upset by it. “Who taught Morgan to ride a bike?”
He does not have a good lie for this. He may have told Morgan about him and Tony being immortal, but he doesn’t need to be told that Pepper’s reaction will be the type of reaction Booker warned about. She’s been hurt so much by Tony in the past, finding out about him still being alive when she’s mourned him so much, her reaction is going to be far less sanguine than her daughter’s was.
“There are others,” she says, “who told you how this works.” It’s not a question, so Steve doesn’t say anything, just lets that frighteningly brilliant mind work. “They have experience, don’t they? They’ve had bad things happen when families know.”
Steve shrugs, just as uncomfortable with Tony thanking him for this as he was with Morgan thanking him for it. “I don’t like keeping secrets from Starks,” he says to deflect. “Historically, that hasn’t gone so great for me.”
And as good a Bucky is, he’s not immortal. Even if he never grows old, one day, he’s going to be unlucky.
Andy’s glaring again. He can’t see her, but he can tell. “You haven’t seen the million different stupid ways people kill themselves. All it takes is a wrong step, a wrong landing. He’s superhuman, not immortal.”
They do have to cut back on the visits though, or the fact that Bruce has been wrangled will be more obvious than it already is.
Rogers's laugh is soft in her ear. "With due respect, ma'am, I don't think anyone has ever really known what to do with Tony Stark."
They look for him. Of course they do—as if they could not? But even with the better technology of this era, it’s not enough, and there’s far too much attention around where Captain America went down anyway—attention they cannot afford.
“Want to take bets on Tweedle-girl and Tweedle-boy?” Tony asks, in a surprisingly good mood. These celebratory events that he can’t attend can be hit and miss with him.
“No,” Steve says, but he smiles, Tony’s good mood contagious. “Because Morgan will murder us if she knows we’re taking bets.”
Steve meets Tony in his current safe house after Morgan’s college graduation. He did get to go to the official dinner with her, as did Bruce. Her girlfriend and boyfriend are both there too—a fact that amuses Tony to no end—and it’s a good time had by all.
“Of course you don’t, Spangles,” Tony says, chuckling. “Keep your secrets, Capsicle. I’ll get it out of you.”
He prays it does not come across as rubbing the fact that Steve can be with Morgan and Tony cannot in his face.
When Morgan flings herself into Tony’s arms and they both cling to one another like they’re the most precious things in the world to one another, Steve finds it hard to regret his decisions.
“Why did he go away? Why can’t he just… come home?” There are no tears in her eyes, but her voice is plaintive.
They know he’s out of the ice long before it’s announced in public. The dreams don’t stop, but they do change. They filter into New York, looking for opportunities to talk to him, to explain to him what he is. He must have dreams of them too—that’s how this works. But SHIELD keeps its friends closer than its enemies, and it seems like SHIELD hasn’t decided which Captain America is anyway. They could force their way in, but something tells Andy that is not the way to handle this one.
circumstances should they tell Morgan about any of the others. Steve and Tony don’t argue with her. There aren’t a lot of them, but she’s seen nearly everything, and in this world where people are so trackable, so findable, their existences so documented, it’s getting more frightening to be immortal.
But the world is different. The world Morgan is growing up in has the impossible: space aliens and magic and time travel and world-ending monsters. He doesn’t think that Morgan would ever resent Tony for not growing old and dying.
. They’ve watched families and loved ones be wiped out, guilty by association. And in this world, it would be easy to assume that a child will manifest the same abilities as a parent.
He folds his arms and blocks their way. Captain America or not, they can probably get past him because they know they can kill him and he doesn’t, but it won’t likely slow him for long.
Steve’s breath catches in his throat at hearing Tony’s voice again. He’s seen him speaking on a thousand specials and interview reruns and memorials, but it’s never quite the same as hearing someone speaking
When their eyes meet, he can tell that Bucky doesn’t believe him, but rather than disagreeing, he simply leaves the room.
Andy later sends Rogers a burner cellphone with a single number saved in it and a message that says, “Call if you ever want to talk. We will be here when you’re ready.”
She glares but turns to look back out at the view, which tells Steve that she doesn’t have a good argument against it. “He could still have been here for me,” she says, an unusually petulant tone in her voice. Morgan isn’t a petulant child. She’s spoiled in that way that children who have never wanted for anything just
