Lestrade pulls him back, one hand clamped on his wrist to stop him punching, the other fistied in his jumper and pulling back. He struggles against both Lestrade and Donovan now, grunting and growling like an animal.
John's stiff proouncement cuts the brothers' argument short, and they both turn their icy eyes to regard him.
John can't ever remember wanting to do this with or for any of his previous partners. Only Sherlock, only ever his sweet man. This man that has managed to make himself the single most important being in John's life. He'd give his life for him. He'd kill and destroy for him. He wants to fuck him and love him, and consume him.
When their cloth clad erections finally meet, their lips break apart with a wet sounding smack, and they both groan. Sherlock's head tilts back, slamming against the door, while John presses his forehead to the space between the taller man's shoulder and neck. Their hips meet again and again, cocks dragging firmly against each other through the flimsy matterial of their clothes.
A phantom of a laugh from his left makes John glance at Siger, who'se apparently head the whole thing and must know a thing or two about rugby. Mummy and Hannah are in the kitchen and Roger's gone outside for a cheeky fag. Lisa's face is scrunched up, looking constipated but other than laughing at Gerrick's blatherings, she's not contributing much to the table.
His eyes are scrolling up and down John's body, Lestrade can't tell much obviously but he gets the gist of what's going through the man's mind. Lestrade's almost tempted to look closer at John's shoulder wound but he can always ask John at the pub later.
He's not calmed down. His fingers twitch and rub together at his sides in that way they always do when he's spitting mad. Sherlock's face is indescribable. He's rarely seen it do whatever it's doing now. Sure, the younger man's always showed pleasure whenever John's defended him or put Mycroft in his place. But Sherlock looks shocked, grateful, guilty..the latter emotion's probably at John's earlier words about how he's been thinking of Reichenbach..
His arms release Moriarty's neck and he backs up a step, palms raised. His pulsing mind keeps on to the last dredges of consciousness before the rage drowns everythig and with a quiet shnick he cuts the wires, rendering the bomb useless. As he does so, a quiet vibration follows the dying sounds of Moriarty's laughter. It starts small in his chest before ending in that sort of wet growl that wolves let out right before killing their pray.
Suddenly there's a loud bang, startling John out of his musings and he reacts before his mind could comprehend what's happening.
...omg guys  this is the filthiest thing I've ever written. Please forgive me haha. Also, remember English is not my first language and I have no beta.
He gets in , rolls down the window and leans over it to watch Sherlock. The young man's paused on the path watching him, head cocked. His fingers are trembling, his long lithe body almost swaying with the wind.
Lestrade pushes Sherlock gently to advance in the room, and they all stop and gape once properly inside.
But his eyes are wet and luminous, and there's an unbearable warmth in them that makes John's heart hurt with love for this man. Without informing his brain, his hand makes its way to Sherlock's face, gently cupping his injured cheek. The detective's face leans into it, gaze never losing his.
Water under the bridge now anyway. His and Sherlock's friendship has been slowly but surely healing under both of their tender care. It feels like decades have passed and so much has happened, but at their core, they haven't change. No, actually they have. But for the better.
And John's not even touched his cock yet. Because he wants to mark Sherlock. He wants to mark him as his, wants to mark him first and then show him that John is the only one who will ever be able to pleasure Sherlock. He wants to get himself off first to get rid of this dangerous energy, because Sherlock deserves his  whole and undevided attention. And John swears to give him his best.
'You're lucky you have us as witnesses that he was assaulting Sherlock. But fucking hell John...he's three times bigger than you. Hell, he's probably four times bigger than you!! You
Not even half an hour later, John's had enough. Mycroft and Sherlock are engaged in their favorite game of one-upping one another and speaking about John as if he isn't in the room.
Lifting his head from where it's resting on the window, he turns to check on Sherlock, and is not so much startled by the fact that Sherlock is already staring at him, but by the look in his eyes.
John know this has just started, so he nudges Sherlock's foot again more firmly, clearing his throat. Sherlock twitches his foot away and refuses to lift his eyes, making John start to scowl.
It transpires that the following year after that disastruos affair with Mary, Sherlock and his family, John and Sherlock are once again invited to spend Christmas with the rest of the Holmes family. The doctor had been unsure and uneasy at first, but caved in the face of Violet's eyes, which were as cunning and sharp but also capable of inflicting their will upon their 'oponnents' as Sherlock's.
No one other than him should kiss Sherlock, whispers a dark voice in his mind. He shakes his head, aware that Sherlock is  scrutinizing him very closely. Those clear icy eyes narrow as they watch the doctor's fists clench on the edge of the mattress.
John's form is perfect, he's pushing himself up and makes it look like it's the easiest exercise in the world. Clapping once is hard, Lestrade remembers from his police training days, but three?!
Tonight has been hard, cases involving kids are always the most difficcult. Hoggins, the serial kidnapper and murderer had been a beast of a man, and John shudders to think what wold have happened to Sherlock had John not been there. The thought makes his heart shrivel and drop to his stomach. How has it come to this, how has he let himself go in such a spectacularly fucking way he hasn't the faintest. He's never been so gone on someone before, never. And it's over a man, of all.
He's gasping by the end of it. Shoulders bulging, chest puffing up with each breath which fails to fill his lungs and body with anything else but anger.
When the car stops in fron of 221B,  they fly out of the car at the same time. Sherlock is there first, key stumbling in the lock when John presses his body against the detective's.
They're close enough John can hear what is said - and most of the people in their vicinity can anyway, as they are all quiet, enthralled spectators.
'Fuckkkk, Sherlock.' John hisses at the feeling of his release, coating both his cock and Sherlock's crack and his hole, sliding down his bollocks. Sherlock grunts and wiggles his hips. John kisses his neck, releases his hair and promptly drops to his knees, prompting the detective to make a questioning noise and tilt his head back to see what the doctor's doing.
ALSO, A MASSIVE THANK YOU to all of you who have taken the time to comment and kudos my stories. I appreciate it so much, it means a lot to me. I'm sorry I'm unable to reply to each and every one of you because of my busy work schedule - but please know I appreciate you guys and it's your feedback that encourages me to write some more.
Sherlock smirks, lips parting, eyes widening slightly the way he does when he deduces something. Or when he's smug.
Hello everyone! :) First of all, just wanted to say thank you for all who read my story and take the time to leave a kudo or a comment - much appreciated! I have a hectic schedule, I work late almost everyday and sometimes during the weekend too, so not only do I have little time to write, I also have little time to write back in reply to your comments. So, just know that I really appreciate it and at some point I will reply. :)
Both turn their eyes to Lestrade, who is pinching the bridge of his nose and shaking his head. Donovan next to him looks speechless,  arms hanging by her side and eyes going from Sherlock, to John and to the still limp form spread out on the floor in the middle of the room.
"Belt, please." Sherlock scoffs at this but does it up and they're soon off to Baker Street. They don't speak but it seems like they are communicating somehow. John's hormones are playing with him, he's feeling some deep sense of anticipation and he has a myriad of questions. But he knows he soon has to see to the young man. He needs a bath, he needs a thorough check up and help with his withdrawal.
The killer makes to punch him but John deflects with his left arm, rapidly moving in to strike a cutting jab to the man's throat with his left hand when the other's off balance. The man's breath cuts off and he bends down to cough, grasping at his throat. John grips his shoulders to bring him towards him and delivers two powerful knees to his abdomen and an elbow to the man's spine, bringing him down.
He's alluding of course, to Gerrick's dissimilarity to the rest of the Holmes. Not the sharpest crayon in the box, bit not like the rest of the Holmes flock.
Lestrade looks around to catch the others' expressions and indeed, they all look flabergasted. The detective is a bit disturbed by Donovan'ts expression and Anderson looks a bit green around the gills. If he had to guess, Lestrade would say he's thinking about how lucky he is that John has enough self-control. All those insults..and all this time, John could've probably picked him up and thrown him one-handed.
His energy flips around in under a second, going from aggresiveness to intense arousal. He can feel his pulse beat in his cock, now fully hard and straining against the zipper on his jeans.
John's luckily been able to grab the seat in front of him, and he's quietly chewing on his roast turkey, listening to conversations around the dining table but also keeping an eye on Sherlock.
P.S - I apologize for any spelling/grammar mistakes, English is not my first language and despite five years of speaking it every day, I find there's massive room for improvement.
John slowly turns his head, giving the prick a shapr death glare from across the table. 'Excuse me?'
Face squeezed in a pained grimace, Victor cries out, turning towards John. Everyone's eyes are by now on them, the whole restaurant is silent.
John feels like he's in a dream, he feels like he's been hit by that sort of slowness of moving and thinking you experience when dreaming, just before it suddenly gives way and you're speeding up or freefalling. It lets him go just in time to push Sherlock to the right and out of the way, and to catch the elder brother's right hand into a steel grasp.
Sherlock's more patient with people now, perhaps has learned to pay attention to 'sentiment' too, rather than only relying on his logic. John's started to relax and experiment, in a matter of speaking. It's mostly been in his mind..Imagining what could be. Regretting what could've been. Imagining what could happen.
Sherlock's eyes glint from across the table, and John's heartbeat's strange all of a sudden. Silly, it's almost like he's back in high school. A thought suddenly strikes John, and he can't say for sure he'd ever whished that before, but he whishes Mycroft was here to put Gerrick in his place so John could focus on..on enjoying his meal, yes.
They soon pull up in front of 221B Baker Street. John takes a moment to hunt for his wallet and phone before he steps out of the car, door gently clicking shut. Sherlock joins him as they step up to the door.
Sherlock and Lestrade are near the body, Greg listening attentively and nodding from time to time while Sherlock explains how the killer managed to murder the poor young man laying at their feet. John's chosen to look away from the body - out of respect not squeamishness - and is instead staying a couple of feet back, arms behind his back and carefully looking out for Sherlock.
It was starting to get dark and cold by the time Mummy started giving Siger, Sherlock and John orders to lay out the table. They all complied with no protest, even Sherlock to John's surprise, but then again he'd heard from Mycroft of Mummy's hold over both their sons. A wonderful woman ideed.
Licking his lips, he siletly steps forward and feels his body go numb and tingly at the same time, like a limb you've sat on for too long. He can see his bright future stretch out in front of him, like the cheesiest romcom he's ever watched, but it doesn't matter anymore.
John looks around the table, stunned, but to his consternation Siger, his brother Roger and his wife, Hannah are deep in conversation. Mummy is bustling around, carrying piles of dishes to the kitchen.
ALSO, I know some of you are waiting for some smut! I promise I will deliver, it's just that at the moment real life is hectic and I need time to site down and properly write a good sex scene - I'm obsessive about those, they need to be right so they take me a long time to write.
He swallows a lump in his throat as he puzzles over all of this, but his eyes are still stuck on the lithe form rumaging around in the cabinets overhead. White, elegant fingers pluck at the chocolate digestives.
'If you don't open that door in the next 5 seconds, I'm going to fuck your right here in full view of everyone.'
There's something about this Sherlock character that intrigues him tremendously. John's not one to ignore his instincts and also, the doctor and soldier in him can't bear to see violence inflicted upon the helpless, impaired or young. This young man is a drug addict that much is certain, and yet to John's eyes, there are hidden depths to him and also a vulnerability he tries very hard to hide. It shouts at John and his protective instincts flare up and propel him out of his chair to grasp Victor's wrist just in time and twist just enough as to stop him but cause no damage.
John coughs, embarassed but shrugs. The scum tried to shoot Sherlock, John doesn't need to explain himself, although he knows he's contaminated the evidence around the room, including some..parts of the body which ended up being kicked about.
This world was broken, tragic, and exciting. Sherlock loved so many things about it, especially John. In this plane, facts mattered, logic existed, and magic was mere superstitious nonsense.
“I’m not interested back. I have very particular tastes, and while Mary is a perfectly agreeable person in all respects, as well as a highly competent nurse, she does not meet the requirements I have in mind. You do.” John’s reply was short, clipped, and distracted as he continued his comprehensive exam.
Sherlock didn’t sweep in the way he might of in the past. Instead, the consulting detective entered the room almost meekly, glancing around quickly, but saying nothing about the less than warm surroundings. Standing beside John’s sagging sofa, Sherlock cleared his throat and nervously looked down at his fingers, “John, I...”
. We will fuck when I want to fuck, and you will never say no to what I want to do. You will do whatever I ask, whenever I ask it. You will be mine alone, trained to please only me, so don't think that you will ever know what it's like to be with another man or even a woman. I own you. You are, in every sense of the word,
“John, I want to have a physical relationship with you, an exclusive one. I realize now, stupendously late in the game, that you have feelings for me, too, and my own words and actions have led you to think that I am incapable as well as uninterested in having more to do with you than friendship provides. This is not the case. I do want more. I have always wanted more. I was trapped by my own self-delusion. I am no emotionless machine. I am a man who is deeply in love with you and I need you in my life in as many ways as possible, John. I feel safe around you. You keep me right in so many ways, you are an extension of myself. I am broken without you. I cannot live with less, not as I am, and I know it’s probably not the best way to cope with my many traumas but, John, please, sleep with me and not them. Share my bed and not theirs. My body has always been yours to touch as you please. You have kept me as hale and whole as could be managed, considering who I am. Take your pleasure with me, share it with me, let me experience it with you. I want that, very much. I want to sleep knowing that you are right there by my side to help me when I need it, to rely on because I do…I rely on you. I know I’m demanding, selfish, needy, shattered, and a right mess, but I am begging you, John, choose me.”
He grew bolder. Time after time he let himself grown closer and closer to orgasm, stroking himself as silently as he could, muffling his panting breaths with his free hand, and hoping that the noise of the shower obscured any soft grunts he couldn’t stifle. He was learning John’s rhythms and paces and was beginning to understand when the soldier wanted to drag things out or when he just wanted to get off as fast as possible. Sherlock learned to play with his bollocks, to finger himself a bit when he felt like a bit more stimulation and learned the many different ways he could touch himself for pleasure.
Sherlock didn’t know how to respond to that, either. The doubt had been one of the crueller aspects of their separation. John
“I know, I’m complete trash.” John looked down at the floor. He felt so helpless, he’d made all of those idiotic choices on his own and now he would have to live with the consequences forever. “Sherlock, all I can do is begin again right now, right this instant. I love you. I will be here for you for the rest of my days. I’ll do anything you want, any way you want, for as long as you want. My life is entirely within your control. There will never be anyone else for me, not ever, not even if I never get to see you again. I love you, Sherlock, and you will always be my omega whether we can bond or not, the person I care about more than anyone, the person I will go to any length for, and the person I would rather die over than be without again.”
Closing his eyes, John let the blankness drag him under, his mouth turned down in a frown of pure sadness.
They did. Sherlock found himself as ravenous as John, both men wolfing down their large gravy-soaked portions of slow roast beef, jacket potatoes, and a huge portion of garden-fresh salad. A bowl of ice-cream topped fruit completed their very satisfying meal, and then it was time for showers and bed. Sherlock went first, perfunctorily scrubbing himself from head to toe before towelling off, brushing his teeth, and got into his pyjamas. He was already in bed with his eyes closed before John closed the bathroom door behind him to get his own shower. Sherlock rolled out from the blankets and ghosted over. Once again, he pressed his ear to the door and listened. John washed as quickly as Sherlock had but after he was done, Sherlock heard the tell-tale sigh that announced John’s shower wank.
Sherlock had to remain in his odd bed for two more weeks before he would finally be able to test his ability to walk about. He’d spent the first week flinching hard whenever John moved even slightly, mentally chastising himself for making the doctor feel bad over his own imagination-based fears and working hard every hour he was awake to overcome the unanticipated conditioning from his protracted nightmare. Sherlock couldn’t wait to be home and shed of this phase of his recovery. He understood deeply why he’d been kept in a medical coma for most of his initial recuperation. There was no way he’d have the patience to just lay there for months, especially when John wasn’t able to relax around him. The decision his medical team had made saved them all extra weeks of further rehabilitation because Sherlock was positive he would have tried to escape more than once and likely hurt himself even more in the process. This way, he was well on his way to recovery with only mild chances of setting himself back via imprudent choices.
Sherlock nearly fell to his knees, his unexpected orgasm taking all his strength with it as he heard John cry out his own pleasure, clearly thinking that the water and the bathroom fan would hide his noises. They didn’t. Sherlock managed to wobble his way back to his feet, grabbed some tissues to clean up his mess, and fell onto his half of the bed. He’d only just managed to get his breathing under control when the bathroom door opened, “Asleep already?” John’s voice was fond, “Silly bastard.” John’s words were affectionate, sated and content, “I knew you were tired.”
He couldn’t stop thinking of the shoes. His relationship with Sherlock remained frozen in the nascent stages of romance – no declarative statements, no definitive moves, no sassy flirtations – just two chaps who shared a flat with slightly more intimacy than two good friends might do. After a week or so, John went back to a different store and bought Sherlock very high-end sheer black stockings to go with the shoes. They were tiny, so he just stuck them in with the skirt. After another week, John went to a lingerie shop and spent a humiliating hour trying to explain that the garters weren’t for him, that they were a surprise for his partner,
They both knew what Rosie liked, too, so soon enough, Molly had peeled and sliced a selection of fruits, filled two water bottles, and packed assorted other snacks, one of Rosie’s favourite comfort toys, just in case, and two tiny spare outfits, as well as a small baggie equipped with nitrile gloves, disinfecting cleansing wipes, doggie poop bags, and a small assortment of specimen sample containers. Even inside a winter suit, the smallest Watson could get herself revoltingly filthy in record time so Sherlock felt his preventative measures were only practical, especially if Watson ingested something toxic by accident. There were plants at the park that could be dangerous, and so he’d been making a survey of the flora they came across, dead as it was this time of year. So far, he hadn’t found anything dangerous, but he wasn’t anywhere near done his research as of today. Watson enjoyed helping him collect samples too, grubbing up leaves and tiny root samples eagerly. “A walk through the park will be good for both of us.”
John began to lay out Sherlock’s light lunch, “I left it for Harry to use. Her battery won’t recharge.” Sherlock scrutinized him, examining the doctor’s face closely.
Danny’s eyes danced, and with another cheeky wink he looked right over at John and said, “I’m his boyfriend. He’s told me a lot about you, hi John, I’m Danny.” Sherlock almost reeled with shock when Danny wrapped a thin arm about Sherlock’s waist, leaning in and whispering into his ear, “Play along, it will drive him crazy.”
Sherlock was silent but he immediately put the card into his own wallet. John handed him another gift. This one was more obvious, a new flashlight. It was bright yellow and oddly shaped, “Waterproof. You know we end up in tunnels or even the Thames more often than I’d like. There are pokey bits if you need to defend yourself against an attacker, it’s solid enough to be a pretty good cudgel, the lights can be set to high, low, dim, SOS, and so forth, there’s a knife at the base if you need to cut through anything, and you can leave it on for an entire year, probably, the battery really lasts.”
Tender touches danced lightly all over him and where they landed, Sherlock found that he could recognise the sensations evoked where once there was nothing. Someone was touching his arms, his legs, his shoulders, his neck.
know.” Sherlock shot a fury filled glance in John’s direction before returning his baleful glare back to Lisa.
“You were a surgeon. You had lives on the line and these hands have resurrected many who would have perished without their skills. Even if you aren’t a surgeon any longer, you still retain the knowledge.” Sherlock sounded aroused!
. Sherlock struggled to control his breathing and to remain focused on his friend instead of disappearing into his mind palace to catalogue every moment of this evening. How lovely it had felt to have John’s hand on him. It hadn’t been sexual, instead, Sherlock had felt comforted and even supported by the casualness of the gesture.
Sherlock grew instantly queasy. He couldn’t bring himself to even think of John ending it with him now, not just when they were fixing what had already happened.
Sherlock’s hands stopped moving. He stood still for a minute before slowly shutting the water off and leading John from the shower. After John was dried and in a pair of clean pyjamas, Sherlock spoke again, “When you are better, John, and
Sherlock’s face went scarlet at the brazen innuendo, and Danny laughed buoyantly, “Fuck, you are the prettiest man I’ve ever seen. Love it.” Danny kissed him again, only this time, his tongue was involved. They snogged lazily for a long time before Danny’s stomach rumbled loudly. Breaking away, they grinned and climbed out of bed.
John awoke a long time later, sprawled out face down, and immediately he knew something was very different as well as very wrong. Grief still filled him but he managed to look around, his view grainy and myopic. He was in a new cell, a well lit and extremely large one. His neighbour was with him and the man looked tense, guarded, and he was peering all about them defensively. He was also wearing a strangely comical mask that covered his eyes but that also had an intricately carved panel that extended from the centre of his eyebrows down to his chin. If it hadn’t been for his scars, John wouldn’t be able to recognise him. Now John was on alert. It was then that he realized that his own head was entirely encased in a leather mask. Even his mouth was covered, though whatever material obscured his eyes and nose as well was easy to see through, and more importantly, to breath through.
“Both of our names are on the microwave, she loved that card.” John knew Sherlock adored Mrs Hudson but he wasn’t the sort of man that recalled details like presents. That he’d thought of a card at all was a bit of a miracle. John just stepped in and smoothed it all over. “It’ll just take me a tick but I’m going to wait until she’s properly asleep, that’s why I’m having Earl Grey instead of what you’re having.”
The trip home was silent but blissful. John escorted Sherlock out of the taxi and through their front door. “I noticed you’ve been following a rather antiquated courting ritual.” Sherlock was standing very close to John in the foyer of their rooms. He was still wearing the long cloak and his stocking clad calves were barely exposed. John longed to follow the sheer fabric upward to verify if Sherlock had worn everything John had given him. “Do we count this as our first date or our thousandth?” Sherlock bit his bottom lip for a moment, “Tonight felt like so many other nights with you, John, but at the same time, I’ve never had an evening like this, not ever.”
“Our real names are unimportant. Forget you ever had one. We’re being held in a test facility, I don’t know where. I’ve been here for a long time. I’m called
“Daddy! Daddy! Daddy!” Sherlock was panting desperately. He’d never been fucked so intensely. This man really knew what he was about, thrusting deep, but also riding Sherlock with deft shallow strokes, teasing his prostate mercilessly. Normally Sherlock would have gotten off at least once by now, but this man knew how to slow down, how to cool off, and then, how to get things going hard all over again. He was inventive in the poses he made Sherlock accept, always managing to drive his wonderfully flared cock deep into Sherlock willing and greedy body. “You’re going to make me come.”
Sherlock felt ill all over again, only this time, remorse was what was churning his stomach. “No, we did not.” He couldn’t collect his thoughts. Everything was chaotic as the new information he’d just gained clashed severely with what he’d thought he’d known for fact, re-colouring the past few weeks in shades that did him no favours.
Sherlock smiled reassuringly up at him, “Calm down, John. Everything is as well as can be.” John was a bit surprised when Sherlock gingerly reached out and took his hands in his, his head bowed for a moment before he looked up, “John, I have a proposal for you.”
Sherlock noted that he was sweating from the heat of their bodies and the friction. Every inch of his skin had bloomed with it, he could smell their combined arousal, and it was spectacular. “Sherlock! You’re so beautiful, so gorgeous.” Danny began to roll his hips, grazing his cockhead around Sherlock’s prostate once again in an intense tease, “I want you to come for me. I want to be the one who makes you come like this. I want to feel this pretty arse clench tight on my prick. Let go, Sherlock, let it all go.”
Marching back to the kitchen, John watched over his daughter as she mashed her soft fruit into her hair as much as into her mouth, laughing a bit as she scraped it off herself and gave another go at consuming it all. He knew she was finished when she began drinking her sippy cup dry, a sure signal that she was done with her meal for now. It was straight to the tub with her after that, and then, when she was dry and happy, he took her to the park to play.
“You will.” Sherlock felt exhaustion pulling at him. His body wasn’t tired but his heart and mind were. He could sleep for days. “I need to rest some more.”
Sherlock kept an ear out for John now. Before their falling out, Sherlock had been able to mute John’s presence by remaining in his mind palace. Now he was acutely aware of everything the doctor did during the day, committing John’s routines and preferences to memory despite having already done so, following the soldier mentally, and finding strange comfort in the return of their old routines. Regardless of it, everything seemed new again, and he was gun-shy now. The awkwardness lingered.
He wonders what's underneath all that layer of filth, and makes a sudden and reckless decision. His hand slides in his pocket to hunt for his car keys. Sherlock follows his motion, eyes lingering too long on his body, John notices with amusement and satisfaction.
John is no longer a doctor right now..he is a soldier. He's  Captain Watson, defending soemthing most precious to him. One leg kicking Jack in the chest and thus pushing him back to the floor, the soldier drops to his knees, straddling the cop.
Two young men that look to be in their twenties are up, facing each other. They couldn't look more different if they tried. One is clad in what John knows to be a very expensive suit, definitely in his own price range, while the other looks like he'd just been dragged out of a drug den in a South Estate in Brixton. The doctor in John can't help but focus in on the latter, and his mind files the facts away at the speed of light.
John grasps him by the hips, lifting on his toes to murmur to the taller man's ear An ear that has turned adorably pink.
Second, I've changed usernames. Used to be 'LadyOfTheWindDweller', I'm now 'rejectbaboon'. :) Don't ask why, but tell me, which one sounds more stupid? haha.
The day went by fast in a constant buzz, and John would have appreciated being able to enjoy a bit more quiet, however the sleep had been good the night before, and he'd enjoyed a brisk walk around the beautiful Manor grounds before it was time for tea.
John hates himself sometimes when he thinks that part of Harry's alcohol addiction comes from her being forced to side with his father, because she couldn't cope with Jane Watson's disapproval of her and their secrets.
Sherlock only nods too busy getting up from the bed and cautiously walking over to where John is still kneeling by the side of the bed.
John gives him a warm smile before turning back to his meal, foot tingling where it's touching Sherlock's.
“I’m sorry, Sherlock,” John looked woebegone and remorseful. “I handled everything so badly and made you suffer because you didn’t understand what I was doing. You didn’t have all the facts and I was too caught up with what I was trying to accomplish to notice until you disappeared. Then I threw petrol on the fire by losing my temper and not thinking about what I was saying to you and...I’m an arse, a fool, a wretch, and a complete idiot because I hurt you so much. I’m sorry, Sherlock, please, I’m sorry.”
“I’m going to always call you that, Biscuit. You’re my sweet decadent treat, and I love you.” Both men laughed as they nibbled their way through Mrs Hudson’s tray until John was drowsing once more. Sherlock left the bed only long enough to set the mostly empty tray on the floor before climbing under the covers with John. Closing his eyes, John drifted off, happy knowing that the person he loved most in the world was safe by his side, watching over him, and waiting for the next step on their shared journey.
on. “There are no narcotics in the house. I have some medications, but I know exactly how much of everything there is so if any is missing, even if it wasn’t you who took them, I will punish you. Obey me, Sherlock. I can make your life tolerable or an endless misery. Say thank you.”
John couldn’t help but smile. Mummy was presumptuous but he couldn’t find it in himself to object. Mycroft was on his mobile having a soft conversation with someone, but Sherlock was hugging his mother. A moment later, an older gentler version of Sherlock showed up, “Papa!”
John thought about it. Sherlock needed to eat more but he wasn’t going to go so far as to cook for them, yet it was just as easy to make three sandwiches at once as it was to make one, so he just did it, eating his immediately.
closeness endured. Sherlock was a logical man. He wasn’t giving up just because the first series of attempts had failed. He knew he was close to a resolution, all the pieces were there, he just needed to figure out how it all went together and that took time.
for shooting you!” Molly was indignant now, “He made you help him get married to someone else, knowing that you loved him, knowing that he was leaving you right in front of everyone you both knew.
Sherlock restrained him from leaping forward to attack her. He was surprised that David couldn’t smell the battle-hungry pheromones that he was emitting. There was no way he ought to be able to miss it. John began to listen intently, using all his senses to gauge where his ex-fiancée and lover were in relation to where he and Sherlock were hiding. He had his handgun, but it only had a few rounds in it. John didn’t know what they were carrying, but if they worked for someone more dangerous than Moriarty, then Mary and David were hazardous. The fog he’d been living in faded away, his instinct to protect his mate over-riding his desire to submit completely.
There was no privacy curtain, merely a fixture coming out from the wall, and a well-screened drain set into the floor. There were generic bottles of shampoo and body-wash on a trolley, as well as a small stack of towels so Sherlock did as he was told. The pressure was intense, and the stinging needles of the water made his skin rosy and mottled pink. Sherlock was disturbed when Mary came in to ogle him, but he had no right to ask her to leave or to not look. She wasn’t discrete about it, leering at him from the door until John came back. She nearly leapt out of the room as he glared at her, shame painting her flushed cheeks an unattractive pink. “Nurse Morstan,” John’s voice was clipped with fury, “There is no medical reason you need to be anywhere in the vicinity of
A chime on his mobile alerted him that someone had posted something to John’s blog. Heart sinking with prescient dismay, Sherlock saw that a photo had been added to a comment thread beneath their latest case. It was a picture of Lisa and John sitting in
John felt the weight of the responsibility being put on him. He had to navigate treacherous waters with the man who made him feel too many things at once. John didn’t even know what to think about Mary, or why Mycroft’s face had presented such a menacing mien when he’d said her name.
He gripped John’s hips tight and inched inward until he was fully buried. Unable to wait for more than a moment, Sherlock began to press and rock, pulling out more each time until he’d built up a fast sliding rhythm that made John grunt upon each re-entry. John was chanting his approval with huffed out repetitions of the word
Sherlock lost his ability to remain ambulatory while his brain seized upon the mental image of John writhing beneath him as Sherlock’s cock slipped deeper and deeper into his rectal cavity, “Can’t we start now? I’m ready.” His well-spent cock was doing its best to become hard again.
Sherlock couldn’t seem to look directly at John but even with his face down, he looked pleased. John felt like puffing his chest out a bit simply because he’d made Sherlock happy. That made him feel proud and a bit more confident. It seemed to have a similar effect on Sherlock who finally managed to look at John steadily, “I feel the same way.”
Sherlock’s stomach roiled as he spooned his food in. He began experiencing cramps almost immediately, but they went away as his empty belly filled. When his light meal was done, Sherlock suffered to have his plug removed to see if he needed to defecate. John at least let him use the loo alone, but as soon as Sherlock was done, the doctor came in to clean him up with an additional douche. It was mortifying as well as uncomfortable, but John just whistled cheerfully as he worked, “There you are, all nice and tidy.” He made Sherlock wash off one more time in the shower but then got him back into his ill-fitting pyjamas after inserting another suppository, then made Sherlock get into bed, “I need to get up early tomorrow. I don’t care if you sleep but try not to disturb me while I rest. You will remain in bed with me unless you need the loo, in which case, use it as quickly as possible and return to my side. You are here for my pleasure, not your own, so I want you to remain beside me until I say otherwise.”
Sherlock looked away, a faint blush on his cheek, then immediately descended without another word. John nearly trailed after the detective but he knew that Danny was in the shower and that as lovers, Sherlock was likely to follow him in, and John just wasn’t ready to hear them go at it. Instead, he got himself as ready as he could in the privacy of his room, laying on his bed and just waiting for them to leave. Half an hour went past before he heard a soft baritone whisper, “Later, John,” followed by the sound of the door to the street closing.
John remained silent while he worked the keys off his ring, setting them on the mantle rather than giving them directly to Sherlock. John kept looking at his feet and mumbled something about Rosie being at preschool for the day and that he’d been wondering what cases Sherlock was working on. Danny kept his eyes on John, his voice thick with incredulity. “Seriously, mate? From what I understand, you’ve been using Sherlock as free childcare for ages, that you don’t bother calling or texting to see if he’s okay unless you need him, you don’t even pay for storage of your shit upstairs… that’s got to go by the way… and that while you tell him you’re working when you drop your girl off, you’re actually going on dates? Now I’m here and suddenly you’re
Dryly, the elder Holmes said, “Yes, I’d heard about Miss Morstan, though I was surprised that you’d chosen a beta.” Mycroft quickly changed the conversation’s direction, “If you are certain that you are willing to provide Sherlock with medical care I will dispatch one of my people to bring you whatever supplies you require. If I can get away, I will be there myself.” John rattled off a list that included pain-relievers, anti-inflammatories, emergency oral birth-control, and alpha condoms. “My, my, my, Doctor Watson, you are full of surprises.”
“As in a romantic dinner...a date, as it were.” Sherlock was very clearly unnerved yet determined, bright apples of red brightening his cheeks.
John couldn’t speak. Sherlock’s outfit might have come off as embarrassingly ludicrous on anyone else, but somehow John’s best friend managed to make it into a coquettish tease, a sweet yet fiery temptation that needed to be denied if John had the willpower.
That had stung but Sherlock did not let the effect of John’s words show. Point of fact was that they made
Sherlock loved the endorphin rush from it all, and tonight, he was determined to get a taste of someone hard and sweaty.
Sherlock’s thoughts were dark and violent as he strode away from 221 B Baker Street. He wasn’t expecting someone to come running up behind him and bloody well tackle him to the paving stones, banging his chin and scraping his cheek. Sherlock fought back with all the grace and fury of a startled cat, scratching, biting, punching, and kicking. “Stop it, you arse!”
“It really was.” Sherlock felt content and happy. John had gone through a lot of effort to make today pleasant and he was grateful, “What now?”
before he lost control of his face, jealous envy and regret twisting his features into an unpleasant mask. Sherlock had never witnessed John attempting to restrain so many emotions at once but then John just exhaled sharply and stood, “Well, must be getting on with the day. Thank you, honestly, thanks for all of this.”
Sherlock managed to look up at John for only a moment before cutting his eyes away once more, “You’re not embarrassed?”
at bonding him but you know what he requires during his time! He needs an alpha to mate with him, but he is in no way strong enough to endure an attempt to bond either, even if it could take naturally. You were his best friend and there is no one else I can trust to not try to force a bond on him.
Sherlock’s face did a strange little dance where he tried to keep his blank mask on but feelings kept breaking through his control barriers. “John, I hope you’re not still feverish again.” Feelings were winning out. Sherlock looked a bit wild around the eyes, his sharp cheeks pale as his multicoloured eyes tried to collect every visual clue he could detect.
“Come to the right place then, John.” John had pulled several ladies in this same place and was a regular, and like so many places, he was given a special and free drink upon arrival. In his own way, John had grown an odd collection of places he liked to find or take his dates, all with friendly staff who eagerly gave him complimentary drinks or even meals for his celebrity, standing by his table until he’d finished it all. Today was the same and he knocked back the offered shot, letting it burn its way down his throat and handing back the glass to the bartender who then went back to his work. Like most of his first drinks of the day, the aftertaste was bitter and unappealing, but a fresh drink always took care of that problem. The gruff old man wiped down another already sparkling glass before taking a nearly full bottle of whiskey off the shelf, “This will keep you going.”
Danny just went off to do as he’d said, leaving Sherlock and John sitting in silence. Rosie yawned, and John realized that he had the perfect excuse to leave, “Well, it looks like she’s finally ready for bed.”
Now, there was Mary to consider as well. He’d been with her for nearly a year, probably not long enough to be
about marriage but also, both old enough to make John think twice about passing up a viable long-term relationship that had domestic potential. Neither of them was getting any younger and it had made sense to ask her to be his wife. She was stable, reliable, and it was about time that he had some pups, or one, at least. They hadn’t talked about it, though Mary had hinted several times that having the pups from an alpha was about as big a dream as beta women could have since alphas chose omegas over betas for breeding purposes. She’d always made fun of bonds, calling it
Mycroft kept working on his report, sounding bored, as he typed, “The laws have been available for your perusal for years, Sherlock. I know you know how to find things online.”
“You misunderstand, Sherlock. I have no problem at all with the idea of you being completely forever in love with me,
instead of a genetic imperative.  Alphas and omegas were literally designed to cleave together, to create a perfect union with one another, their physical beings adjusting naturally until they were in harmony. Betas could wed and devote their lives to one another, but it wasn’t the same as a bond. John was willing to have a beta-marriage with her. Their life together was pleasant though Mary was far more social than he was, going out two or three nights a week with her mates and leaving John at home. He preferred it that way. Since he’d come back from the war, and especially since he’d thought he’d lost Sherlock forever, John had always preferred to keep his social life as uneventful as possible.
John was entirely uncomfortable handling his late wife’s things. He’d felt so many emotions when she had passed away, clutched in his arms, her life’s blood spilling out and staining their clothes
After their latest rather large meal, Danny and Sherlock went to the sofa to sit together. It was easy to cuddle up, Danny’s head on Sherlock’s chest to hold hands and talk about their wretched love lives and worrisome problems. “So, you have some insane genius criminal sister, and I have a shadow government that is actively trying to kill me.”
to indulge in any perverse or erotic act you could name. Right now, my main source of confusion is regarding the determination of which one of us is being molested,
John’s face was unaccountably gentle, “No, you really don’t. I knew you weren’t…quite the same as me, but it wasn’t my business. You never spoke about it and I wasn’t going to pry. I’ve always known something was off, but until you decided to tell me yourself, I wasn’t going to snoop around. You have your reasons, I’m sure.”
Such a delicate questioning touch! No one ever touched Sherlock the way John did. He was so knowing, so gentle, so firm, so direct. Everything about John was earnest, honest, sincere, and dependable. Sherlock found that his mouth was watering and he had to swallow hard, incapable of answering.
given David up, then why should I make Sherlock have only part of me?  You’ve been betraying me this entire time, and here it is: it’s all or nothing, Mary, that’s what marriage means to me. It’s just like a bond – neither of us should be able to cheat.” He knew he wasn’t even slightly attracted to the naked woman in front of him, not any longer.
. The nightmare was very real to me for a very long time, and it’s just…” he didn’t know how to explain himself. He
something you can do to help.” Sherlock pulled a small case out from beneath the coffee table, “I need you to smell each one of these and tell me what you think they are.”
Too many drinks aside, Sherlock wasn’t nearly drunk enough to miss the fact that John didn’t understand. He stopped thrusting back in order to explain, “This isn’t just drunk sex, or my first time, except that it is on both counts. It means something, to me at least. Do you think I’d do this with just anyone, just because I was inebriated? Not a chance, Watson. Even at my worst, I never once had sex with anyone. I told you. I’ve never wanted to.”
There was a loud thumping sound, irregular and halting but thunderous nonetheless. Sherlock felt a scorching pain in his chest as his entire body spasmed everywhere at once, all his muscles tightening simultaneously, forcing him to keep the screams inside. His skin felt like it was splitting all down his back and legs and the agony of not breathing wasn’t helped at all by the accompanying pain of the rest of his flesh. Sherlock felt like he was exploding from the outside in as if layers of himself were painfully peeling off to leave his organs exposed and vulnerable. He was suddenly aware of the thumping again. It was growing louder, more regular, and finally, it settled into a rhythmic throb.
In the cab, John made Sherlock keep his hands on his head, his fingers knitted through his curls. The bite of cold air on his damaged skin felt bitterly refreshing. It felt awful to be so completely exposed but John obviously did not care if Sherlock was embarrassed or in pain. The taxi dropped them off in front of a body-alteration shop, “Right ear, top.” John oversaw the procedure and Sherlock openly wept as a hole was punched into the cartilage of his ear and a small ownership tag was installed. “I tried to treat you right, slave. I told you to obey or to expect punishment. Disobey me again and I will have them punch another hole in you, and believe me, it will be somewhere you will not like. Are we understood?”
marriage. Still, she was wearing the ring he hadn’t officially given her because Sherlock had interrupted before he could pop the question. It was a moot point, anyway. John had deliberately arranged the evening in order to ask her to be his wife, they both knew it, and she very obviously accepted without him needing to do the deed. Sherlock being alive had nothing to do with that.
“Why didn’t he just tell me?” Sherlock put the book back. He was reeling, his emotions swirling in a dizzying storm, unsettled and confusing, “Why did he let this go on like this?”
Sherlock didn’t care for it at all, considering it dry, too flavourless, and too desperate and required the accompaniment of far too many side-dishes to be worthy of any respect. He knew he was irrational about it but there it was. Sherlock wondered at John’s plans, especially when their cab brought them to the front of a high-end Asian restaurant, “They have a Christmas special, just for today, made for people like you.”
David laughed without humour, “Whatever, Aggie. You lie so much, I’m just going to bet my life that you lied about the penalty too.”
John felt something beginning to burn red hot inside his chest just as Sherlock stood, looming over the frightened official, “I don’t
Sherlock looked despondent still, and his voice was flat and empty, “Let’s just go, John. I don’t care who is at our wedding, I just wanted to…to be yours,
. The man was patient, that was clear, simply standing there and waiting for Sherlock's price to drop to the lowest possible level. “£100,” shouted the auctioneer with impatience after a quick and steady drop in unit price, “He's relatively young, he's fairly healthy or he will be if you can keep him clean, in fact, make
John blinked, momentarily stunned. Shock gave way to anger, “I have not! I’ve been ill, that’s all, I have a bad stomach, nothing my medication can’t fix. I’ve got my scripts with me.”
stood next to Sherlock as if that were his natural place, and John left quietly, knowing he had no right to remain.
, John. The extra physical contact was continuing, becoming expected, anticipated, enjoyed, and it was making Sherlock’s head spin a bit.
Task complete, John went back upstairs to put the real presents down. All of them were the same dimensions as their fake counterparts, the wrapping done the exact same way for all. John consulted the photo he’d taken and made sure he arranged everything exactly as Sherlock had seen last, even how John’s present had been knocked carelessly over. It was late by the time he was done, so he tucked the small tray of disarticulated body parts he’d retrieved from the basement chest freezer unit into the fridge where Sherlock would find them in the morning, and went to bed.
was in perilous danger. John could not let it stay that way. It was the doctor’s fence to mend and mend it he would. John could feel himself sitting straighter now, digging into his food with determination.
When John awoke, it was to a polite but persistent knock at the door. Blinking awake, John noticed that his mobile alert was flashing for the first time in many months. He had no idea who would need to contact him, but he glanced them over as he struggled into his robe, calling out, “Give me a minute,” at whoever was still knocking.
Sherlock sighed, “No, I’m as enamoured of Dr Watson as I ever was. Danny and I have many things in common in that regard, he has his own…situation. We met just the other day, at the park, the day you walked Rosie and me there. One thing led to another, and now we’re helping one another with our respective problems.”
John was blinking and doing an odd looking up and down thing between the bunch of mistletoe and Sherlock, “What? Can’t you move? The mistletoe is…why?” John was looking at Sherlock with an expression of developing realization, “Wait…is this like your thing with iron,”
John could feel it, thick and warm, soft and invasive, filling his core before moving on to fill every other part of him. Tendrils of it burrowed into his brain, and his entire physical being synched up with his mate, both of them stabilizing the other, making them stronger, smarter, and simply more than they’d been before. John knew the truth of things with certainty.
“Sure you are, Sherlock, that’s why you nearly got sick over lunch.” John sounded worried and upset. “I knew I’d do something to trigger you, I’m such an arse.”
“Now you’ve freaked John out! Isn’t there a happy medium with you, Sherlock?” Danny sounded both amused and impatient.
A few abductees were traced to cities in other countries, but even when found, they could give no further information about why they had been chosen. Some were forced to work in inhumane factory conditions, others were given as living rewards to various people for jobs well done, but most simply disappeared as if they’d never existed. Several members of Sherlock’s homeless network had vanished in similar circumstances, and it was vexing. There was a well-orchestrated shadow organization with a broad reach, but it had no head that they could find.
Sherlock couldn’t be flirting back. That just was not what was happening. Sherlock was just telling John that he’d done something strange but really, how did you quantify strangeness when it came to him?
Watson?” Mycroft scowled at John, but John scowled right back at Mycroft for putting him this position, but he couldn’t think of a reason powerful enough to refuse. He’d just have to find another clinic after this was all done.
“What’s going on?” DI Lestrade was at Sherlock’s shoulder, peering through the same space and eyeing John suspiciously, “Does someone need a talking to?”
. Sherlock was already trying to come up with some kind of excuse to explain why he'd not only stolen money from his master, but that he’d also run away, even if he had come right back, when the front door swung open. John glared blackly at Sherlock before reaching out and removing the butt of his smoke from his hand and throwing it onto the pavements. “Knees. Crawl back inside.”
John had made his choice, and he most definitely had not picked Sherlock...again. Sherlock deleted everything without listening to the last voicemails or reading all the texts.
Danny was meticulous, patient, and fussy. He helped construct the new evidence wall as things came together. His good humour had faded, and he became enigmatic and was often lost in thought, sometimes even becoming teary and maudlin. Sherlock wasn’t any different. John’s abduction was no simple grab involving a handful of people. Someone had engineered the movements of several social layers in order to successfully pull off, and Sherlock now knew that he was dealing with a sprawling organisation that seemed entirely entrenched throughout the city. It was coming across as accountable to no one as well as unstoppable. The connexions connected the strata of the city around them, and at first glance, seemed insurmountable. Sherlock and Danny realized that they had uncovered a disturbing and wide-spread trend of abductions. Normally, people were grabbed for monetary reasons – prostitution, or as unwilling organ donors, but Sherlock and Danny were noting that people of every age and physical condition were being grabbed, some right off the street, and no single outcome could account for why.
John was aghast. He had been so worried about himself that he hadn’t even thought of how his body language would translate to someone like Sherlock, “No, that’s absolutely not what the problem is. You are gorgeous. You are just so...beautiful. I want to have you a thousand different ways, so, trust me, that’s not it.”
He hadn’t lifted a finger to defend himself. Sherlock had to find another alley, so he could throw up a second time, and blow his nose to temporarily clear it.
Sherlock was biting his lower lip now, his cheeks aflame. “I could say the same.” Sherlock managed to flicker a glance at John, and in that moment, John saw all the passion and desire that Sherlock felt for him. It made him grin. Leaning forward, John held out his hand.
an arrangement like that but now John’s stomach settled. He wouldn’t have to decide between Sherlock and Mary, not now. Mary had made this choice easy for him. “No, he wouldn’t. The only reason he even allowed me near him is because he would have died otherwise. If I’d been his before this I
John smiled and felt his eyes well up. Now it felt real, like everything had been a nebulous dream until that moment, “Yes.”
Danny fished out his keys and handed them right to John, curling the soldier’s fingers over them, with his hands, “Nah, don’t bother, gorgeous, I’ll just stay by your side day and night, you like that, don’t you, you greedy thing?” Danny kissed Sherlock gently right in front of John, his eyes filled with repressed laughter as he tormented the soldier.
. We never thought we’d see such a thing either, after all, omega are known for being indiscriminate sluts, just dripping holes begging to be bred. That’s all you are, Sherlock Holmes, a walking container for alpha spunk. You might think my cock is small but when you are stuck on my knot, you’ll think differently.”
after I’m done,” John promised darkly. Eventually he began to pull back further and to slide in faster. Bit at a time, John began to truly fuck Sherlock, bucking his hips and finding a pace that caused their bodies to slap together loudly. He seemed to enjoy that too, pounding his big cock into Sherlock’s swollen hole with abandon. Sherlock could barely stop his sobs, even shouting out whenever the sharp jabs became too much to keep silent about. It hurt, certainly, but worst of all, he felt entirely dehumanised to be used so impersonally. John was laying on top of him now, his hips moving steadily as he pleasured himself without care for Sherlock’s potential needs. “Yeah, that feels good right there, oh fuck you’ve got a tight arse, so pretty, so wet, just gorgeous.” John was now braced on his fists, his hips slamming hard into Sherlock’s arse, forcing his cock to go as deeply as possible, “Fuck, I needed this.” John’s voice was deep and raspy, “I’ve had such a week. All I want is someone to fuck to take the edge off, you’re so fucking perfect, listen to how you cry!”
John fetched a basin, some scent neutralising soap, and a soft flannel, giving Sherlock a gentle sponge bath, dabbing his delicate skin until he was clean, obliterating their combined scent regretfully. Utilizing all the skills he’d gained while doing medical work for the military, John managed to change the sheets, despite the fact that his omega was still completely insensate. It would be hours before Sherlock was able to be roused from his much-needed slumber. He looked peaceful and at ease for the first time, and John could not stop running the warm damp flannel over his body.
John was practically dragging Sherlock toward the loo, and for the first time all night, his friend wasn’t trying to slow him down. Bare arsed, they raced to the shower. Sherlock turned it on so that tepid water rained down, “This is what I find sexiest, John.” John shrugged.
“Yes, today it is. Wait a year, it will be possible then.” Mycroft went back to his report and ignore his brother stamping his feet and tearing at his hear as he threw a fit, “Charming, I can see why John is so enthralled with you, you must bring him a life filled with grace and tranquillity.”
John followed instruction and found that the acidic drink did indeed enhance the rich flavour of the slow-cooked stew. It was so thick that he could nearly eat the entire dish with a fork, and he chased the last crumb and drop with his spoon, ending his meal with the last swallow of his mulled wine. “Delicious, Sherlock, just incredible.” John was so happy. He was tired from his long day of work, the icy walk home, but now he felt both relaxed and refreshed, filled with good warm food, and enjoying the pleased expression on Sherlock’s face, “This was the nicest meal ever.”
Sherlock was going to vomit. Instead, he managed to keep his balance though his head was spinning and followed his ex-landlady into the flat where all happiness had died.
Sherlock nodded carefully, “I need to change my documentation to remove John Hamish Watson from my emergency contacts. He is to be replaced with my older brother, Mycroft Holmes.”
Sherlock brought his straight-razor and cream with him, shedding his clothing as shamelessly as Danny had. Carefully, Sherlock shaved the scruff from Danny’s tear-stained face, kissing his forehead gently on occasion as he worked. It made them both feel better. Danny returned the favour, and once they were shaved, shampooed, and scrubbed down to their toenails, they stood under the hot spray and hugged one another, pointy hip-bones bumping painfully, both men doing their best to be gentle.
Danny smiled at Sherlock, his eyes warm and filled with even more interest, “A room, you were saying?”
Instead of returning to his mournful occupation, John took out a puzzle for them to work on. “It’s a bit childish, isn’t it John?” Sherlock looked curiously at the large box now dominating their temporarily empty kitchen table.
John smiled back. “Well, kick off those incredible shoes and let me try to kiss you.” Sherlock laughed but also bent over, carefully removing his beautiful footwear, “Why did you buy them?”
The man nodded and brought John to the far corner of the shop where an entire wall was covered in carefully hung displays. “The top is white the bottoms are black. The shoes are red.”
The driver was an alpha who kept sneaking glances at Sherlock in the rear-view mirror. “So, pretty thing, where are you off to tonight? Taking your old dad someplace special?”
“Sherlock!” It was Mycroft. He was standing in the doorway, his eyes fixed on his hysterical younger brother. His voice was soft in a way John had never heard, full of tender concern and support, “I’m here, Billy, I’m here.” John had never heard the nickname before and wondered about it.
, if he happened to be featured in an article in the paper that John had already purchased, there was no point in not reading it just because they were no longer friends.
.” Sherlock’s voice had grown softer, warmer, as he spoke his name, “John, you were right earlier. We
While he did adore his god-daughter, Sherlock didn’t feel it was very fair for John to dump his child on him in order to go chasing one young woman after another. John never dated any of them more than twice, so clearly it was only his physical needs he was trying to sate. John was spending his time with people who shared his
.” The man paused, “We’re guinea pigs. The people who have us are using us for a human trial, a very illegal one. It’s going to sound ludicrous but they’re attempting to create supersoldiers.”
Four days went by in a lustful haze. John barely remembered himself enough to ensure that Sherlock kept drinking the thick pre-packaged energy shakes between bouts, and to make himself gulp down water and a bite or two of fruit before the urge to mate overwhelmed them again. John did his best to control his alpha instincts to remember the condoms, but it was difficult, especially since they’d gone without during that first amazing round. The oral contraceptives should be enough, but it was the mess he was trying to prevent. Sherlock wasn’t likely to get pregnant but that didn’t mean that John had to expose him to any risk whatsoever or to sleep in a puddle of cooling spunk. Sherlock needed help and not more hindrances.
here? Where?” Casually, Sherlock packed up Rosie’s favourite plush toys, her soiled bottles, cups, all of her tiny laundry, and packed it all into a large colourful bag.
If he had turned his brother down previously, Sherlock wasn’t doing so again. “I need time to pack. Send a car. We’ll be there for dinner.”
It was closed. This was the business end of town and on Sunday afternoon, nothing was open. There was nought but silence and it was ominous. John helped Sherlock stagger to the alley where they squeezed themselves into a refrigerator box wedged between two bins, hiding from whoever was looking for them. John pulled together some restaurant debris, stacking up veg boxes and empty oil tins until they were obscured by what seemed to be a perfectly legitimate pile of rubbish. Sherlock got his phone out, “Mycroft, we’ve been ambushed.” He rattled off their location, “It’s her, I’m certain of it.”
to be with him, even drunk off my arse back when you two first met, I could see it. Stick it out, John, go the distance. It will be worth it, I just know it.”
John continued to read in a leisurely fashion, keeping one hand tangled in Sherlock’s curls, sometimes pressing down to make his slave gag a little on purpose, but otherwise just letting Sherlock keep going. His jaws were aching, so he rested them by using his tongue and hand to stroke and lick, drawing it all out for as long as possible. “This is really nice, but I think I want something different.” John stuffed a cushion behind his back as he arranged himself. Spreading his knees apart, John set his heels on the cushions, his arse exposed to Sherlock’s face, “Lick me out, keep at it until you’re fucking me with your tongue.”
“Yeah, er, what are your return policies if he hates it?” She laughed and gave him a gift receipt just in case it didn’t fit Sherlock exactly right, or if the red piping along the seams didn’t match his lovely shoes, though Kiran was pretty certain that it did. John took it home and stuck the box into Sherlock’s wardrobe beneath the box holding the shoes. John felt that Sherlock might prefer to try it on alone, no pressure, and double-checked to make sure the receipt was right on top.
Wait, didn’t he…he was sent away for murder, John! It was in the news. He killed for you? He saved you again? And you
What do I do? I don’t want him to be frightened of me, what if he hurts himself again? He nearly tore out his lines out and he should barely be able to move. I thought I was helping, but it’s obvious that I’m not.”
John was just as serious as Sherlock, “I’m not expecting anything to be easy. I know you like doing things your own way and I would never want to change you but I want to be a part of your life in any way you’ll let me. I want to look after you, help you, just...I just want to be with you. I love you so much, Sherlock, and forever sounds just about right.”
Four hours later, John had his cock buried up to the hilt, pumping furiously away as the woman moaned and fingered herself. They’d bypassed lunch and went right for dessert. She’d brought condoms, and John was happily using one as he did his best to get her off so that he could come. She liked it hard and rough, so that’s what he gave her, working his hips until she was so wet that she dripped. Her orgasm was surprisingly quiet and John himself hissed a bit as he filled his condom with spunk, coming deep inside her warm soft body with relief. It wasn’t until she kissed him goodbye that he noticed the ring on her finger.
He was always so considerate of Sherlock’s feelings. He had an uncanny knack for understanding where Sherlock was sometimes, unthinkingly telling Sherlock exactly what he needed to hear when he needed to hear it.
, Doctor Watson. After the funeral, Sherlock began to chase down everyone who had even the slightest connection to James Moriarty, destroying the web that had been spun. It took him a year and a half to complete the task, but just as he was coming home, Sherlock was discovered by a criminal organisation who decided to exact retribution against him for no more reason than that they could. It took weeks before I found where they had hidden him, and more weeks before I was able to go in myself and retrieve him. In that time, I can’t fully say what happened to him. His only motivation was coming back to you, he asked after you endlessly. I didn’t have the heart to tell him that you had moved on.”
Lestrade handed Sherlock his mobile and let the sleuth examine all the photos that Anderson had forwarded. The forensics technicians’ skills had vastly improved in the last few years, and while there was still plenty of room for further improvement, there were still many good details in each shot. Sherlock silently approved, and rewarded Anderson by not complaining about the few mistakes he had noted. “Can we see the site?”
Mrs Hudson, well, Mrs Hudson was Mrs Hudson and didn’t require explaining. It would be like trying to explain why a hot cuppa was just the thing for nearly any occasion. You just understood or you didn’t.  She provided the sturdy physical framework that sustained his life, a home and hearth return to, the occasional meal and doting scolding. She’d had a wild and colourful life, and taught Sherlock many practical things about being fully alive. She was amusing as well and filled with fascinating stories that expanded Sherlock’s perceptions through the filter of her experiences. That he doted on her in return was just another thing that didn’t bear mentioning, and he always got huffy if anyone brought it up.
They had to leave London at an unreasonable point of the morning in order to arrive at Mummy’s townhouse at the insisted upon time. They were met at the door by Mummy herself, resplendent in her festive clothing, and both men were immediately swept into a hard and lingering embrace, “Sherlock, my little angel, and John, I am so glad you are both here.”
“Just do it.” He had no fight left in him. He’d already decided to quit using drugs to try and escape.
“Thank you, doctor.” With that, Doctor Coates took himself off to complete his rounds. A short time later, an intern and a nurse moved Sherlock to a small room, freeing up the emergency bed for someone else. It was quiet and lonely. No one came to see him, but who was there left who would want to? Mycroft was busy. Lestrade was busy. Sherlock had no other friends. Molly Hooper had grown apart after the fiasco with Mary, he hadn’t spoken to her since then. He had people he worked with professionally, people who owed him favours, but no one any longer that he could rely on to be with him during a time like this. It was dismaying. With nothing better to do, Sherlock allowed himself to fall asleep.
Sherlock realized then that he urgently needed to make a real break from John, if only for his own mental wellbeing. Their relationship currently caused him genuine pain, and it had hurt for so long, he didn’t have the internal strength to let it keep hurting. He was bleeding out and it couldn’t continue. “John, in future, try to text or call first. Danny and I are working on things together, and we’d appreciate having time to ourselves. Perhaps we can meet your latest girlfriend, a double date. Not this week or next, possibly after?”
When dessert was brought by, John tried not to heave at the sight of the rich creams and sugar-soaked fruits. It made him want to gag because he was so very hungry, but he just couldn’t eat. His therapist and doctors both had told him his trouble was all in his head, but that didn’t make the problem go away. John just couldn’t eat.
what I said. I also know that you were in a bad place and that I’d help put you there. I know that what you did was because of how hard and cruelly you’d been pushed. I can’t undo what happened between us but...John...” Sherlock reached a shaking hand across the table, “John, living without you has been bleak and pointless. Coming across you this weekend...it feels like a chance I can’t pass up.”
“Don’t call me that.” Sherlock sounded incredibly offended but at the same time his cheeks pinked and his face had a very happy look to it.
John had one of his odd expressions on, one of the ones where he was emoting multiple things simultaneously. Sherlock had no idea how he did it, but his face-journeys never failed to captivate him, “I
Sherlock shuddered, and almost withdrew entirely. With a deep rumbling moan, he pushed back in, his head falling back as he clearly became overwhelmed with bliss. From there, it grew frantic. Sherlock began thrusting slowly but his pace picked up gradually until he was bucking almost wildly. John couldn’t believe how amazing it felt, how the weight of Sherlock over him was adding to his experience. Sherlock leaned over and folded John against his broad chest, his hips working relentlessly as he chased his orgasm.
“I knew you were my best friend for some reason.” Sherlock had always made free with John’s possessions but had also always allowed John to do the same with his, why, they’d gotten their shared bank account the very same week John had originally moved in because Sherlock really, really, really did not care for taking care of daily minutiae. John did though, that’s why they got on so well, their differences balanced.
'Bloody sorry, I suppose I should have let you get shot, then your coat wouldn't have needed dry cleaning!'
Lestrade turns around just in time to widen his eyes purposefully at Donovan who looks like she might protest, but she catches on and turns towards the stairs, Anderson following hurriedly and without protest.
Grasping the edge with both hands he struggles to kneel and peers at the detective as he's panting for breath.
Mrs. Hudson had been very enamored with the final finish and she's also the happy owner of Speedy's.
His mouth drags wetly against Sherlock's balls, licking up the trickle of come that had leaked down and Sherlock moans are turning more high piched by the moment, until finally one hand drops back and fists in John's hair, dragging his face back against his hole.
Lisa is very pretty and a couple of year past, John might have readily admired and tried to charm her, but her behaviour is sickening. Come to think of it, it reminds him a bit of Irene Adler, only a cheaper, unrefined version.
He picks the remote up and turns the damn thing off, as he can't bear to feel, smell and see Sherlock's distress, or to hear Sherlock's desperate cries for him, onscreen.
Their heads come together at once, and their lips join together perfectly. One of them moans and soon the only sounds in the room are that of their rapid breaths and their slick mouths and tongues coming together desperately.
Sherlock's irritate groan covers up the cabbie's voice coming from the front seat but John only pays the latter a fraction of a second of attention as he is too preoccupied with fuming at Sherlock.
'John.. fuck me.' John groans desperately at hearing that, but he knows they're not prepared right now and he doesn't want to hurt Sherlock.
'Sherlock?' John bellows, turning around. Thinking quickly, the man could have only been nearby as otherwise doubtful John could have heard him, so the doctor bursts into the room across the hall, Lestrade and Donovan just behind him.
He clears his throat politely to interrupt what looks to be start of another monologue, meaning to excuse himself for the evening but a commotion to his left stalls him. They both turn their heads to watch.
, and when John pushes lightly on the weathered wooden door, it swings inward easily.  He pulls me inside, pushes it shut, and suddenly we’re in a world of our own.
“All right,” John breathes, propped up on his forearms, head hanging between them.  “Okay, go ahead,” I run my palms over his back, his sides. Curl my fingers around his hips.  We’ve been preparing for this for weeks, but I’m still a bit wary.
“No,” I don’t.  If his mates warned him that two men showed up asking questions, he’ll be waiting for the advantage of darkness to return to the flat and pack his bags.  “He’ll show up soon.” I’m sure of it. What will happen then, I don’t know.
.  I've changed nearly all of the details, but there are a few glaringly obvious similarities.  If you aren't familiar with her case, you should research it.  It's extremely tragic, and the world should know about her.
.  Fucks me rough, my body jerking forward with every thrust, cock gliding against the bed.  I love this, I’ve learned. Love it when he lets go. Hips slamming into me over and over, each thrust sending sparks flying through my body, setting me ablaze—his pelvis marking my flesh with subtle bruises.
“John—I don’t expect you to—to feel as strongly—”  He shakes his head, and I fall silent, letting the thought die half-formed.
He takes a moment to stare at the two-headed goat that juts out of the far wall, lets his eyes roam over the odd mish-mash of furniture that sits in clusters around a small fireplace, lingering for a moment on the group of twenty-somethings sitting huddled on floral print armchairs, chatting animatedly and sipping their lagers.  He’s always thought this place was quite strange—someone’s bizarre collection of objects put on display with a bar shoved in the corner just to give it all some sort of purpose.
It’s late afternoon now, and we’ve just pulled up to the cottage.  I watch John unfasten his seatbelt, remove his gloves carefully and place them in the pockets of his jacket.  Stalling, then. So am I. Both hesitant to break the spell that’s been over us all day—out, together, in this town that’s not our own.
There are two men out front, working on some sort of classic sports car.  They eye us guardedly as we approach. “Can we help you lads?” The shorter of the two asks, wiping the grease off of his hands with a white rag.  “You look lost.”
“I love you,”  He says, quietly, blue eyes boring into mine.  I can’t find it in me to formulate a response, so I grab his hand.  We haven’t been at all demonstrative outside of the flat in our weeks together.  I’d assumed he wasn’t open to public displays of affection. Wrong again. Must stop making assumptions, when it comes to John.  “And I love
“Since we last spoke,”  The words slip in through John’s ear and sink into the very core of him, down, down, deep into his bones.  He could drown in that voice.  He might just.
“  He shakes his head.  How to phrase this?  “You’re the first man I’ve been with.  It’s all new for me, too.  The emotional aspect as well—you’re—”
At the sound of his name, his lids flicker open to carefully peek up at us.  His eyes roam over my face with no reaction whatsoever. He looks bored and detached from his unfortunate reality.  Can hardly blame the man. When his eyes lock on John’s, however, he abruptly sits up straight, plastic chair wobbling precariously.  “You’re John Watson.”
“Comfortable couch you’ve got there,”  Henry responds with a nod. Then hesitates for a moment before continuing.  “He’s not all bad, you know,” It seems they’ve already resolved last night’s drama, then.  Unfortunate. He won’t tell us anything if he’s feeling loyal to the man.
When I head downstairs, leaving a dozing John behind me, I see that my Belstaff is hanging on its hook where it belongs.  I’m positive I had left it in a heap on the floor when I tripped through the door last night and was heaved into bed. My heart swells at the thought of John, furious and wronged, stopping on his way upstairs to hang it in its right place.  Guarding my beloved coat from harm even when he couldn’t stand the sight of me. I don’t deserve you, John.
coursing between them in frenzied currents and crackling, frenetic sparks—now that it’s been released at last.
“No worries, mate,”  Greg takes in the sight of him now that he’s settled, noting that he looks a bit less of a sunken wreck than he had on Christmas.  It’s only been two weeks, but there’s a notable improvement.  “All right?”  He asks carefully, more than a bit curious why he’d asked Greg here in the first place.
blue, John confirms quickly as they enter the loo at last.  The overall design is clean and minimal—walls covered in white subway tile, with a wide stripe of black running all the way around about a foot beneath the ceiling.  The floors are solid white, as are the large restored vintage sink and simple, modern toilet.  The entire back wall is dedicated to a massive open shower, with a thick glass partition, outlined in black.  All of the hardware and faucets are copper—much like the kitchen (John is sensing a theme here)—and off to the left is an enormous, clearly antique clawfoot bath painted inside and out in a deep, almost offensive, royal blue.
She and Greg discuss John often, lately.  They try to think up ways to convince him to be a part of their lives again—always coming up empty and changing the subject when the mood grows too grim.
The response is immediate and immense—Sherlock’s body coming alive in a way that would have dislodged John entirely if broad hands weren’t still clutching him close. He releases John’s bum to blaze a trail up his spine instead, tugging at his hair until John leans back.  Lips and teeth and tongue—barely a moment to process the hard, frantic kiss before Sherlock is falling back, pulling John along on top of him.
He mumbles, furrowing his brow, still not quite awake.  “Oh—it’ll be Rosie,” He sets the phone on the nightstand beside him.  Turns to me. “I’ll call her back in a bit,” A yawn. “Hi,” A sleepy smile.  I feel suddenly awkward, a bit tense—curled against his body, in his personal space—awake while he dozed by my side.  “You haven’t slept,” He studies my face, reaches over and smoothes his thumb lightly across the sensitive skin beneath my eye—slightly swollen from all of the tears.  “All right?”
“John,” Molly cuts Greg off mid-sentence as he rambles on about some case or other.  John isn’t listening anyway.  He hardly seems present at all—a wisp in the wind.  At the sound of his name, however, he meets her eye.  “Tell me how you’ve been.  Tell me how you’ve really been,”  He looks momentarily surprised, then briefly terrified—caught out.  She watches, then, as his walls fly up, face going eerily blank.
This time once they’ve pulled the linens over their heads, it’s Sherlock who covers John’s face in gentle presses of his mouth.  John submits easily, keeping his eyes shut tight and reveling in the sensation of this—of careful touches, reverent movements.
I stare at him for a long moment, another thing we find ourselves doing often, these days.  Watching each other, silently communicating with our eyes alone. We can read one another clearly—though it doesn’t make this any easier.  I lightly rest my fingers on his forearm, where it lies on the armrest between us.
a proper family, you absolute cock,”  John whispers, standing close, both hands on Sherlock’s heaving chest.  “This is just a formality.  Of course it’s what I want.  As I said—long overdue,”  He wraps Sherlock up in a lingering embrace, then steps back, glances at the second envelope, lying abandoned on Sherlock’s chair.  “Open the other one.”
Instead of waiting for her to show up, the wife (Alison Chambers) drove to Esme’s home, waited outside and ambushed her—with a syringe to the neck—at the back door as she was leaving.  She then proceeded to guide the now stumbling, blundering Esme to her bed and burn her alive with a butane torch.
“How do you fall in love with someone you’ve never even touched?”  John nearly chokes on his linguine.  Harry glares at him as he coughs into his napkin.  “Really, Johnny.  And he’s such a bloody insufferable cock.  And he
“You—you’re her father,”  Sherlock’s eyes narrow incrementally and John lets out a quiet huff of laughter.
“John,” We’re sitting at the kitchen table, each perusing a section of this morning’s paper.  Rosie’s back at school during the day now—the summer holidays have ended at last. We’ve had one case after another in the past two weeks since they moved back to Baker Street—a series of (still unsolved) murders that seem to be linked—and I believe Rosie was beginning to wear Mrs. Hudson out.
“Greg,”  John clambers through the door at half seven, looking windswept and a bit out of breath.  “Sorry—sorry, I forget what the bloody tube is like from the clinic at this time of night.  Took bloody
“I thought you’d be pleased,”  He says simply.  “It seemed the most logical solution, so I went ahead and set it in motion.  I don’t understand why you’re upset, John.  Money obviously isn’t an issue.  And now that Mrs. Hudson—”  He abruptly falls silent, gaze drifting away from John, toward the teapot she’d insisted they keep when she’s gone.  They’ve never really talked about it, about her.  Sherlock certainly hasn’t dealt with it—at least not in a way John has been able to see.  They had known it was coming.  She’d been ill for ages, and she was not shy about discussing it.  But it hadn’t made it any easier to lose her.  John watches as Sherlock swallows, bows his head for a single moment and then meets John’s eyes again.  “There’s no reason to stay here.”
“Whatever you want,”  He says, turning to press his lips to Sherlock’s shoulder.  “I’m all in.  We’ll make it one to remember.”
Unpredictable.  “I followed her trail of breadcrumbs, found myself in Karachi in time to prevent her untimely demise—and she immediately turned a gun on me and stole my clothing to escape in.  Not my finest moment,” It was quite humiliating. She may never have
“It will if you want it to,”  He meets her eye now, and she stares back unflinchingly.  “You have to want it to,”  He’s oversimplifying.  They both know it.  Alcoholism is a disease, a dependence, not simply a choice.  But choice is part of it.  Most of it, maybe.  For their entire lives, they’d watched their bored, miserable father refuse to choose sobriety over and over again.  Harry says nothing, only closes her eyes and hugs the pillow closer to her chest.
John gives as good as he gets—pouring everything he’s been holding back into this precious union—shedding the last of his reservations and allowing himself to get lost in it.  Limbs tangle, hearts thud in tandem against the walls of their serried chests.  He can hardly breathe through the flood of shared relief that surges between them—the desperate slide of tongues and warring lips as they tenderly tear each other apart.
I didn't look it up because I didn't want to lift the entire story, but it seems like something that would be right up Sherlock's street.  ツ
Molly breaks free of the unpleasant memory to find John staring silently down at the table, seemingly still deciding on how to respond.
“Thought you’d reject all that,”  John whispers, internally soaring at Sherlock’s words.  He wants that more than anything, if he’s being honest.  He wants everyone they’ve ever given a damn about to gather and celebrate all that they are.  All that they've found in one another.  He wants to dance and laugh and kiss Sherlock’s impossible lips in front of all of them—wants every last one of them to know that they’ve made it here at last.  More than that, though, he wants to
Now I watch him sleep, alone on the big bed in our bland room.  Peaceful and content, blissfully unaware of our current reality.  A brief hiatus from the confounding clutter we’ve found ourselves in the midst of.  I’ve been awake for nearly seventy-two hours now. Can hardly force my mind to focus on the data at hand anymore.  Rarely do I push myself this hard—rarely does it take us so long to find a solution—but this particular mystery has me at a loss.  And while I am loath to admit it, I’m more aware of the tedious maintenance that my aging body requires of me these days. I’ve reached my forties now, and three days without sleep hits me considerably harder than it did before.
—who we’d empathized with, who we’d let into our orbit with almost no hesitation.  We’ve both been compromised, drugged—
John sighs into the kiss, reaches down to palm Sherlock firmly through his pants.  He moans breathily into the space between John’s lips and doesn’t protest when he breaks free to slide further down that long, lean body.
“I don’t want his money, Mycroft.  I haven’t touched it.  I won’t.  Two months rent and a security deposit, to be paid back in full within the year.  That’s what I’m asking for.  I’ve applied at a clinic in Camberwell and have an interview Monday morning.  Not sure how you’ve missed that—thought you’d’ve studied my bloody browser history.  Sarah’s got a friend there who’s certain they’ll hire me on.  I just need to—I’ve got to get out of there,”  He’s a bit worked up.  Greg doesn’t blame him for wanting to get out.  That flat is all Sherlock—he’s everywhere, in every corner of the place.  Inescapable.
“Moroccan,”  Sherlock supplies, stepping up beside John.  “I bought it to match the bath.  Have always had a fondness for Berber textiles,”  John can’t think of a less likely thing to come out of Sherlock’s mouth.  He glances up at the man—always full of surprises.  “I thought you’d like it.”
“Ah, John,”  Sherlock positively beams up at him, leaning casually back against the stone wall and wrapping his arms loosely around bent knees, grin wicked as ever.  John narrows his eyes.  Rosie laughs and laughs.  “We never did find a use for the Pink Lemonade at Baker Street—thought it’d do rather nicely for the front door,”  Good
It takes them all of three minutes to tromp down a well-trodden path behind the pub that leads straight to a sprawling, sandy beach.  There are quite a few people roaming its sands: couples huddled together on blankets awaiting the sunset.  Children clustered around a miniature model sailboat in the shallows.  Families gathering their things to head back home before dark.
Of course the bastard can flawlessly execute a text message while maintaining eye contact.  John shakes his head once, fumbles his mobile as he taps out a response.
I shake my head.  I feel empty, numb.  Don’t want to think about it, so I push it down, down.  Can’t tell him now, I only want to sleep. I stand up and move like a ghost to the bedroom.  Five minutes later, John follows.
“You still may be.  But there is indeed bacon.”  I set a plate down in front of him and move to retrieve the toast.  Pour him a coffee, and we eat.
shifted almost entirely away from Sherlock.  But that’s—it’s not—anyway, she and Greg would make a nice pair.
“The previous owners left it behind,”  Sherlock says without preamble, startling John out of his stunned observations.  “With a bit of convincing.  Evidently they’d gotten it from a butcher shop that had been shut down after being the site of a gruesome murder,”  He explains with unrestrained glee.  John stares at the slab of wood—nearly two feet thick and twice as wide in both directions.  It sits on four short, sturdy legs, its surface marred with many deep indentations—lines and grooves formed from decades of slicing and hacking away at cuts of meat.  Apparently, some of it of the human variety.  He smiles internally at the thought of Sherlock hearing that tale and doing whatever it took to acquire the piece.  “They allowed me to purchase these as well,”  He adds, nodding toward the two brown leather chesterfields that sit perpendicular to one another in front of an enormous red brick fireplace that sprawls across the opposite wall.  John walks slowly toward the sofas, tugging Rosie along with him.  He runs his palm over the soft leather, feeling a bit dazed and dropping Rosie’s hand as she walks around to the front and climbs up onto the cushion.  “I thought they quite suited us,”  Sherlock says, approaching to stand at John’s side.  “And our chairs will go nicely just here,”  He gestures toward the empty space, clearly left intentionally to allow their beloved chairs to be placed fireside.
John comes back upstairs shortly after Mycroft leaves.  “Hey, I heard--” He stops, hesitates, then strides over and sits down next to me.  “What is it?” He breathes.
It’s Lestrade.  Another murder. It seems that we indeed have an active serial killer on our hands.  I can’t help the burst of excitement in my chest at this news—it’s been ages since we’ve had a real challenge.  John is reading over my shoulder, hand resting warmly on the small of my back. We share a knowing glance as my fingers fly deftly over buttons, refastening my fluttering shirt and tucking it hurriedly back into my trousers.  He follows me to the entryway, pulling on our jackets in tandem, locking eyes and communicating silently about what’s ahead, what we’re about to walk into. He reaches up, runs his palm over my cheek, down the side of my neck, then drops it back down to fling open the door.  Together, we descend—seventeen steps—and rush out the front door and into the unknown.
We pass the time during the three hour trip reading the papers and chatting about what we’ll do once we’re there.  My parent’s home is in Penarth, a tourist town on the coast in the Vale of Glamorgan. November in the Vale isn’t exactly prime sightseeing weather, but it’ll be tolerable enough for an excursion or two.
“Anything interesting at the morgue lately?”  John asks Molly, ignoring Lestrade entirely. God, I love him.  Should I tell him that? No. It’s really not the time. And anyway, he already knows.  I make a face at Rosie, who’s been watching me push my french toast around the plate. She giggles—brushes back a few stray blonde curls—and takes a miniscule bite of bacon.
“I am appallingly, obscenely in love with you,”  John blurts out, giggling and thinking only of making up for lost time.  “Have been for ages.  All right?”  Sherlock stops, turning to meet John’s eyes—throat bobbing, fingers tightening in a death grip where their hands are intertwined.
He imagines, now, a long, lean body in front of him.  Can almost feel the line of a bony spine against his chest, the warmth that would radiate from his skin, the slow beat of a living heart.  John thinks of how it would feel to wrap his arms around that slim torso, to run a palm over his pale expanse of stomach, sliding up to rest along a prominent ribcage.  He never did manage to embrace the man—perhaps his greatest regret.  He’s certain, now, that if he had, he wouldn’t have needed to find the words.  Sherlock would have felt it.
To be fair, he isn’t wrong.  The scent of their mingled sweat and morning breath is lingering in the air around them, but it’s hardly an intrusion.  On the contrary, it’s a welcome dose of reality—this is still happening, they really are here.
The three of them sit in contented quiet, John letting his eyes drift shut and his mind wander.  He’s beyond grateful for this life that they’re building together—this domesticity that’s always come so easily, but now with all the rest of it properly acknowledged and potentially given a name.  He decides to draft a new blog post for the public.  Perhaps less of a love letter and more of a you-were-right-about-us-all-along.  It’ll be a relief to live openly.  A final nail in the coffin of unnecessary shame that has plagued him for most of his life.
He doesn’t wait.  Deftly unfastening John’s jeans, he slides his hand down over the cotton of his pants.  John makes a pained sound, a choked whimper, as Sherlock palms him firmly, tracing the thick length of him, memorizing every tiny twitch, every eager reaction—every last touch that makes John fall to pieces beneath his hands.
He pulls up the Wikipedia page.  Beaches and fisherman and tourists.  Pubs and cafés and holiday houses.  The setting of a terrible eighties comedy film that Sherlock found on YouTube and scoffed at for four minutes before closing the tab.
“Yep,”  She says, oblivious to the childish joy that this knowledge gives John and me.  She doesn’t remember a time before they were
do with this man.  He’s already in a position he’d never quite imagined for himself, never really one to submit.  But
“Are we being foolish, taking cases again?  Are we risking too much?” There. It’s almost what I really want to say.  He stares back at me, then slightly furrows his brow.
They find themselves blissfully alone once the last of their cheerful guests has shut the door behind them.  Rosie has been fast asleep upstairs for hours, having exhausted herself immediately after dinner.  John sits in his chair, staring at the framed photo that Molly had given him only an hour ago.  He stares at his own face, looking lighter and more free than even he realized he was capable of.  He stares at his daughter, perched between them, a moment of surprised glee frozen forever on her face, wild blonde curls framing that toothy grin.  And Sherlock, who isn’t acknowledging the camera at all.  He’s looking at John, and written in his expression are all the things that John can only hope show through in himself.  He thinks that they do.  After last night, he believes that they do—he believes that Sherlock, at least, can see them.
“Sherlock,” I hear John’s voice through a thick fog of red.  He sounds alarmed. I try to call out to him.
massive rose bushes in a variety of colours, patches of delphinium, a row of hydrangea bushes beside the greenhouse, and seemingly endless other varieties sprawling across the yard that John can’t name.  He’s just registered the presence of the small creek that Sherlock had mentioned when Rosie appears at his side clutching a bunch of sweet peas, their scent instantly bringing him back to the garden his mum kept in his youth.
Mycroft's face is priceless, almost gaping. John's never before seen his control slip so spectacularly. Sherlock seems awed, face undescribable to John, though he thinks he can detect the slightest flickering of pride and dark satisfaction in his eyes..
Wiping the back of his neck, John turns around and stops at the sight of them. The doctor purses his lips and seems a bit embarassed. Lestrade doesn't think he needs to be, not with a body like that.
Lestrade decides to cut their visit short immediatly. Those two need to be alone and sort things out, and this seems like the best time for it.
But, of course, weeks later once all the Moriarty business is over and done with, Mycroft personally delivers an unlabelled disk to them, a tight expression lingering still on his face.
It's always been ironic to John how a lot of the times, he's very calm when in the process of going nuts. The calm before the storm.
Happy ending guaranteed, will be very fluffy, will contain some angst. Will be posted in parts when I get inspiration. I noticed that if I try to create a full length story, I almost always give up - it's too daunting a project. So I decided I'm going to try to continue this trope, but I'll post it here in parts, in between other one-shots. That way it feels less like such a huge commitment. Once it's finished I'll copy all of it in one fic, I hope that's ok with you guys.
'If I ever so much as see you look at, or speak about Sherlock again in any way or form, I'm going to find you and show you what
A sharp crack cuts through all the noise in the street, followed by Sherlock's surprised gasp. Mycroft's left his hair longer lately and it abandons it's normal state to fly into his face with the force of his momentum.
John gets the picture and he spreds the man's cheeks and then he's fucking Sherlock with his tongue. Three, four, five times and then the man stills for a couple of seconds and then shudders.
His posture had gradually turned more and more reminiscent of 'Captain Watson' and as it is, he gives them a stern look, shoulders squared at parade's rest.
It's heady and hot, it's the hottest sex John's had to date and they're not even naked. He wants to devour Sherlock, wants to mark him permanently and to cover any imprint left by anyone else on his skin, ever.
'Shhh sweetheart, soon, shhh. ' They're now breathing in each other's mouth, lips and tongues dragging wetly against each other with their movements. It's hot and heady in the flat and their bodies are now  drenched with perspiration, making the slap of John's hips against Sherlock's ass sound very obscene.
Maybe someone choked on their bread appetizer, or the chef's slashed his finger or seriously injured one of his waiters. Looking back at his companion, it looks like she is still taking about her cat.
No one's going to insult Sherlock in front of him again, not after all they've been through and, and..
John wishes he could see his face, open in  a silent orgasm. He bets it's the same face he makes when he's solved a case, that lush mouth open wide in a delicious O.
'- come Lisa, don't make Sherly uncomfortable. You know he doesn't like joining the 'flock' like everyone else. We mustn't ask him about relationships, poor duck'. Gerrick's voice is also really annoying, and hang on, did he just call Sherlock an ugly duckling. Across the table, Sherlock's face is impassive and sculpted in ice, resolutely not staring at anyone and anything except the last dregs of chocolate mousse he's very intently spooning off his bowl.
Growling, he steps forward to press his whole body to Sherlock's who moans and pushes back against him. Long fingered hands drop the cup of tea John forgot he was holding and they ignore it and don't care when  it doesn't break as it splashes in the half full sink. Sherlock's hands fist on the edge of the counter just next to John's and he pushes back, drops down to push back and up, back and up on John's thin clad erection. He is maddening, he could devour him, John thinks.
Sherlock had meanwhile helped John to his feet and is now sitting very close to the doctor, left hand fisted in the back of John's jumper in a very possesive hold, much to John's surprise and pleasure.
Along with the hooker, the loose-head and tight-head props make up what is known as the front row, which refers to their position in the scrum. (taken from http://www.rugbyfootballhistory.com/positions.html)
John wasn't an idiot. He knew it would take years to fully feel himself right again, but if he could bring himself to be half the man he wanted to be for Sherlock, than that was a good starting point for them. But God help him it was hard to do life without Sherlock beside him.
Sherlock withered; head jerking to the side where his teeth bared into the side of the pillow under him, forced and all the same needing to lay back, open and pliant to John bucking wildly into him. In,
John sobered, knowing Mycroft was right. “So you want me to watch out for your brother because he won’t accept your help.”
John was going to throttle Sherlock, beat him to a pulp, then he could go back to a home that wasn't his home, curl into the sheets that lacked the scent of his alpha, cradle his bloodied fist and scent his only alpha's blood as he sobbed the night away.
"Mycroft knew. Your parents knew. Molly, bloody Molly knew, but you didn't think I had a right to know!"
John didn't reply in words, but when heated lips pressed against his scent gland Sherlock felt heartened by the meaningful action.
Even now, John could never explain what had happened. John wandered further from the estate, not understanding where these thoughts came from and strolled through the gardens, losing himself further in his contemplations.
“When I was ten,” Sherlock continued, “I asked my brother to bring me a file containing this person’s private information, things about what they were like, what they did, what kind of person they were.” Sherlock paused, never breaking their gaze as he outstretched his hand and laid his large one over John’s.
“Omegas are to be bound and bred by their chosen alpha. I was born a bitch and was bought to do as you wish.”
It didn’t take long for Sherlock to finish collecting all the required information he needed from observing the crime scene. Sherlock wanted to head back to the flat to organize his thoughts and further contemplate the case, but John stilled the alpha with a hand on his arm. Sherlock met his gaze, curiously, and John told the alpha they should eat first. It had been a while since Sherlock had last eaten and he wanted to reassure himself that Sherlock had something in him before… he left.
"We do this my way, or not at all." John raised a challenging brow and Sherlock glared at the stubbornness of his mate.
“Do you ever wonder what it’d be like if you didn’t have to bond with me?” John found himself asking.
“I—I can take over from here. You should go get some rest.” Sherlock rasped gruffly, body quivering without warning, vibrating with excitement and fear.
"No. She's just your wife, first, and the one having your child. A child I can never give you." Sherlock vehemently spat. The soreness claiming his heart being the root cause of his words.
Sherlock tried. God knows he’d tried. He’d tried everything he could think of. He’d been patient, compassionate, understanding.
Burying his face into the pillow, Sherlock released a helpless groan. His cock had flagged slightly, but still pulsed with a need unmet. It wasn’t the first time Sherlock had felt aroused, but then again, those other times John always remained awake long enough so that they both received their releases. He could go to the restroom and handle himself, but Sherlock didn’t want that, not after feeling what it was like to have John, even if those memories were blurry. What he could remember was incredible.
John winced visibly and turned away from the flashing lights of cameras. He shouldn’t have left the flat. What was he thinking? John wanted to leave.
“Lay… lay back.” John encouragingly pushed Sherlock over onto his back until he lay himself compliantly awaiting whatever his intentions were.
"Sherlock!" John cried out with joyous surprise and laughed happily, wrapping his arms around Sherlock's shoulders and burying his head against his neck.
"You hurt me. I'm not going to lie. It might take time to trust you as completely as I once did, but... I can't fault your love for your sister. It was the reason for your lie. It wasn't made with cruel intentions, so I will forgive you this once."
Sherlock moved to stand a foot across from John and watched with interest as the omega’s eyes scanned his form.
"I love you." John strangled out, shaking his head, hating himself for breaking his husband's heart, again. He was always hurting Sherlock, and he wasn't trying to.
Sherlock tried speaking. Opening his mouth in the starting of speech, but nothing came out. John sat up before reaching out for the immovable omega, and helped Sherlock sit upright.
John’s mouth slackened as the petal drew circles along the crown, over and over, delicately, again and again, one, two, three, four, five…
Soft undulations of his hips rocked Sherlock forward. Inside the sweltering heat, plush and wet, dampening his cock. His bollocks slicking up with lubrication each time John pushed forwards and against wet thighs.
John lifted a hand up and gently palmed Sherlock's clasped hands, causing the omega to raise his head up and stare on with hesitation.
"Shut up!" Sherlock shouted, hands flying to clutch his head, fingers weaving through his wild hair.
John had to agree with Sherlock and shifted his head slightly so that he could share Sherlock’s pillow, his nose pressed against the soft curls of Sherlock’s hair as he shut his eyes and found himself drifting off to sleep, the scent of Sherlock following him in his slumber.
"In my mind palace he reigns supreme. I can't enter a room without him there. I see him when I sleep. I see him when I wake. I see him when I work. I can't. Mycroft... I can't do it anymore."
When dark blue sparkled wetly, a sudden burst of feeling filled Sherlock's heart, and in a flash, it hit him fully. He couldn't lie to himself anymore. It was always nagging him, always there in the deepest part of his mind, trying to remain hidden from discovery. Sherlock couldn't hide it from himself anymore.
A sudden trill of a phone went off and Sherlock hurriedly fished out his mobile, read something on the screen and the smile immediately dissipated. John curiously watched as Sherlock hurriedly texted something and then shoved the phone in his pocket.
Sherlock clenched his jaw, because it was apparent John was mad at him and he hadn’t done anything wrong!
John didn’t care that they were now hiding out from New Scotland Yard’s, and that the world turned on them, because Sherlock needed him and John would be there for him.
John moaned thickly, mouth opening and tongue diving out to taste the pale flesh before him. Large hands shot out and clamped a hold of John’s thighs, fingers digging deep, and a wavering groan rumbled out of the alpha.
Sherlock wanted to shut his eyes and lean into the touch. He wanted to envelope himself in John's scent and forget the fact that he'd been duped. But he couldn't. It hurt too much to forget. So he jerked his face away from John's kind hand.
John’s lips pursed, but words were lodged in his throat; unable to speak, he stared blankly at the alpha.
Sherlock wanted to deny it, if it would take away the pain suddenly bleeding from the alpha's eyes, but he couldn't because it was true.
“A file the matchmaking service gave me.” John said the first of what he knew would be many lies to Sherlock, the man he was to marry come morning, and live the rest of his life hiding secrets from.
John immediately met Sherlock’s eyes with a look of helpless need, desperate that Sherlock would not take offense. Seriously though, what had John expected? Any alpha would be affronted that their spouse chose to take suppressants rather than spend their heats with them.
to acknowledge the omega as theirs. All John had to do was present him with a demonstration that he could provide for him. Most tended to provide their omega's with a kill. The alpha would go hunting and when they returned they'd bring with them a prized animal that the omega would always accept. It was their true mate’s gift to them and omegas treasured them for it. John's wolf didn't care for him enough to provide such a demonstration.
Sherlock shut his eyes, wincing at the admission, and bowed his forehead against John’s, their bodies drenched in sweat and sex, but John didn’t mind, their scents mixed well with one another.
They drank their tea in moderate silence. John’s eyes closed, mug held in his hands near his mouth, poised to take another sip while Sherlock continued to analyze the omega.
“Not… Not yet, John. I haven’t started my heat yet.” Sherlock panted hotly, lowering a hand to layer itself over John’s currently massaging the hardness restrained by tightly fitted trousers.
As it were, John was now sexually capable and didn’t have to think about his heat for two weeks. John would at that point take another dose of heat reducers and every two weeks after until he was sure they could have their heat together. Heat reducers allowed them the ability to have sexual relations with each other, unlike the suppressants. John wanted to make love with Sherlock. Sex didn’t frighten him anymore and so there was no reason to start back up on the suppressants.
“Oh!” John was enthralled, canting his hips in earnest, countering each of Sherlock’s shoves up with one down, and screamed out in utter satisfaction, Sherlock plunging in fully, filling him up in every way he needed.
to do it. I can't keep living like this. I know myself as you know me and you know that eventually I will lapse, this time no amount of rehab will fix what's broken and I'll be dead within the year."
“It’s fine. I understand. It won’t happen again.” John graveled, raised the comforter over his head and shut his eyes, trying to find sleep.
John ducked his head in submission and said nothing more, only followed after Sherlock as Mindy led them further into the store and stopped by several baby bathtubs on a display shelf.
John smiled at his sister who looked so healthy after the surgery. No longer was she sickly pale, no longer was she so drained of energy she could barely keep awake, no longer did John have to worry that was going to be the last time he’d see her alive. Because of his sacrifice, Harry would live.
"I hate you." Sherlock stared directly at John, features void of emotion, but not his voice. "I hate that you're my alpha. I hate that I can't be rid of you until I'm healed, but believe me John Hamish Watson. The second you heal my mind, the very moment my omega is strong enough on its own and doesn't need your love and care, I will leave you."
“John… It’s going to be okay. You’re going to be okay.” Sherlock reassured even when his fears grew at the sight of blood pooling around John’s body as he stared at his pale face.
John slowly, carefully, with great regret, slid his gaze from the priest and to the two figures standing side by side. Both were pale and tall men. Each dressed to the nines, though the one to the left wore an identical tuxedo that matched John’s own, and he instantly knew this was his intended. Since age six, he’d been promised to this man, almost married him at eighteen. The same man who encouraged him to follow his dreams in the army and gave him more time to prepare himself.
“L— Listen!” John shouted, panicking himself, needing Harry to listen, not jump the gun and plan his husband’s death, being that at this very moment John would rather be sitting himself on Sherlock's alpha cock and fucking his heat away.
John bit his bottom lip, sealing the needy moan that wanted so much to be let out. Sherlock’s nose gliding over the expanse of his sensitive skin sent pulses of electrifying pleasure through him, his cock jolting once more, begging for the alpha’s attention.
John never broke eye contact with Sherlock as he pressed their chests together, but still it wasn’t enough for his love because he husked, “Closer.”
John let out a uproarious laugh when Victor scrunched up his nose. It was more than clear Victor disagreed with his personal choice of most handsome omega celebrity.
“Only a few have ever made it from start to finish. A search party is usually sent to find those who have tried and failed.” Sherlock mumbled softly, lowering his head and stared down at his shoes. Large hands stuffed deep in his coat pockets.
The cases were getting more complicated and there was someone pulling the strings in the background. Moriarty. Sherlock had known this since the cab driver. Someone was watching him... Threatening him.
Mycroft then moved to stand before John, explained in detail the case he wished Sherlock to take and hoped John would convince the genius to do so. When Mycroft was gone, he was astounded to find Sherlock had lied, but Sherlock and Mycroft had a sibling rivalry going that was both fascinating and ridiculous.
John sat himself heavily on the edge of the middle of the bed. Mrs. Hudson stood awkwardly in front of him.
“I… I can open myself to this marriage if you promise that I’ll be the only one for you.” That was as close as John could get to admitting that he felt anything for Sherlock; maybe in the future it would be far easier, but for now it had to be enough.
Sherlock stared at John helplessly. In a room where their children lay sleeping, feeling vulnerable and weakened down by those powerful words. Words that once made Sherlock so happy to hear, now made his heart ache powerfully.
"I can't." John couldn't leave now, his heat was in full bloom, synced with Sherlock's own. Even if John could physically raise himself up and walk out of the flat, distancing himself from Sherlock, he didn't want to.
, but he was frozen in place. He stared, just stared, eyes wide, fear clear on his face as the once unaware groom took in his presence. His once vacant unresponsive gaze shifted to one of fascination and perceptiveness. He scanned John’s form, slow and calculatingly, and then John was unprepared for the soft smile that graced his lips. That stunned John. Why would the man smile? Was it a smirk, satisfaction for finally meeting the omega he would breed, or was it of comfort—reassurance that it was okay to be nervous.
“He… He said he wouldn’t, but he has this towel he keeps. It’s from a past love and I think, because he won’t throw it away... I think he misses them and maybe… Maybe he’ll go back to them.”
John continued to examine his wedding, having held no say in the preparation. Sure he was to marry a stranger, but at least he’d take the time to appreciate his own wedding. The white lawn chairs held pale blue lavishing bows at their backs. It was a cool autumn night and the white and blue string lights that hung over the white pillars at the ends of the rows of chairs, gave the wedding party a soft and warm glow. There was a full moon out, no doubt chosen for auspicious blessing from the moon goddess. John scoffed at the idea of any blessings for this sham of a wedding. Why even have a wedding? Weddings were sentimental, loving events. This was anything, but that.
Sherlock’s answer was swallowing John whole and sucking with such force, John was reduced to keening out pitiful mewls of ecstasy. John panted loudly watching Sherlock’s hand loosely hold himself and fondle himself in quick, eager movements.
to be here. He never moved it. Frantically looking through the piles of socks, he was unable to find it. Glancing to the left and to John’s socks, Sherlock felt what little color remained on his face, drain out.
John's wet eyes looked up to find a softness in silver that had not been there before. Sherlock appeared tired, his shoulders awkwardly slouched, eyes as soft as before, and carried a hint of affection.
Resting his head heavily upon his pillow and exposing himself more, Sherlock let himself be used, let John take him and fixed his eyes on his alpha. A warmth filling him, nothing like an after glow - more of a heartening sensation when Sherlock found the love that reflected from John's eyes.
Mycroft’s talk had the adverse affect. Sherlock became fixated with Irene Adler and John couldn’t take it anymore. He left the flat and didn’t come back home until it was very late. Sherlock wasn’t at the flat and it worried John. Laying in their bed waiting for Sherlock’s return, John began wondering where Sherlock had gone and if he was still in contact with The Woman.
Sherlock staggered on unsteady legs to the sofa where he collapsed heavily upon it, and dug his phone out of his pocket with his free hand. Sherlock's trembling hand dialed for help.
Sherlock remained silent, gazing deeply into John’s pleading eyes and rasped, “Mm, they care for each other.”
Gregory laughed heartily, pressing another kiss to Mycroft's hand before placing it to palm his own cheek.
John took hold of Sherlock’s hand and pressed it against his twitching cock. Sherlock, understanding John’s voiceless request, enclosed his hand over John’s cock. John stared down at it, how Sherlock’s hand nearly covered his cock completely, and moaned at the sight, he fit so perfectly in Sherlock’s hand.
"Talk to him. He can hear you. He likes to hide within his mind palace. He'll come out of it eventually."
began to change. Sherlock woke to find John’s side of the bed empty, but the scent of frying eggs told him his omega was preparing their breakfast.
"Tell me." Sherlock's voice was tight, wound up by the many thoughts that ran through his chaotic mind.
John whimpered from the lack of friction, but willingly turned over onto his back when Sherlock gently pressed him against the mattress. Sherlock kicked off the sheets over himself and knelt at John’s side.
Sherlock was ripe in smell. The scent was intoxicating, yes. Beyond that, it was... pure. The scent of an untouched omega was driving his inner wolf mad. All he wanted to do was stain Sherlock with the scent of his essence... embed his seed within.
Then they’d been called to assist their new client Henry Knight. John thought the man was a complete nutter, but surprisingly Sherlock wanted to take the case. John was worried Sherlock might believe their client’s story, but Sherlock reassured John he wanted to disprove the notion of a Great Hound’s existence.
John cried convulsively into the pillow as Mrs. Hudson stood by the bed dialing Sherlock again, only to be sent to voicemail.
Sherlock ate little, but John didn't let that disturb him, having grown used to Sherlock's lack of a normal appetite. John enjoyed his food. Even going as far as making soft noises of pleasure when taking bites of his food. Complimenting the abilities of the cook who'd made their meal.
It suddenly dawned on John; Mrs. Holmes was so buoyant because she believed they’d consummated their marriage. John was eating like a starved man who’d drained himself of nourishment and they both looked as if they’d gone hours without sleep. True they’d spent most of the night awake, John refusing to sleep in the alpha’s hold, but he’d still somehow fallen asleep. Sherlock, however, looked as if he still hadn’t slept as of yet.
Omegas knew when they were to begin their heat and if an alpha tried to claim them before they’d physically reached their peak, the omega would resist. Alphas could naturally force themselves on an omega even if they weren’t ready. John could see the love and trust between the couple. He was amazed by how the alpha resisted his instincts to mount and rut his omega, simply because the omega was not yet ready. John frowned bitterly, knowing more than likely being in a loveless bond with his alpha, he would not experience the same kindness as this omega.
John couldn’t hide the pain that flashed in his eyes when Harry said ‘pups’. God, John wanted pups so badly. He wanted a family of his own, but that was never going to happen.
“She’s dying, is she not? She needs a liver, but they won’t put her on the donor list because she has a history of alcoholism.”
. You're not like them, Sherlock. It really would be a shame to end you, but I'm going to have to if you keep getting in my way."
“I finally called you, but you wouldn’t hear me out and I… I had to take drastic measures. I… Before we met, I’d thought of doing what I’ve now done to ensure I’d never bond with an omega, but I didn’t think I needed to do it after I found you, because I thought you’d stay, but…”
.” Sherlock growled, his eyes hardening. This was all so much to be talking about when his ankle was sending pulses of pain through him, but apparently he couldn’t catch a break.
Most of the rooms were empty; a few were made into guest bedrooms. The rest were made into storage spaces. John curiously riffled through the storage rooms. They didn’t have anything of great interest, a few knickknacks, old books, gadgets, ancient science equipment, worn out journals with written evaluations on numerous amounts of experiments and so on. John didn’t know what it was his husband did for a living. He’d never cared to ask, but he’d mentioned the day before that he was working on a case. With all the science equipment and research journals, John wondered if he might work in forensics.
Sherlock moved to the side allowing John to enter. John stood gracelessly within the middle of the room, watching with doe eyes as Sherlock shut the door and turned to face him.
The gurney wheels screeched on the tiled floors of the hospital and John’s eyes opened, never having realized he’d closed them. The grip on his hand was vicious now and John realized he’d woken to the shouting of his name coming from the panic baritone of his husband.
On John’s days off, he’d sleep in, wrapping himself snuggly against Sherlock. At midmorning, Sherlock couldn’t stand to remain in bed any longer and he’d slip out with John grumbling and complaining. Sherlock would leave him for his experimenting and John would stay in bed an hour or so longer resting, before reluctantly clamoring out and readying himself.
"No. You don't understand." Sherlock spoke weakly, turning to face John again, although it caused his heart great distress. John's eyes gleamed in the light, and when he blinked next, the tears fell and Sherlock felt as if his heart were going to stop.
John had began dozing off towards the middle and later that night woken to find an infomercial on and that he’d somehow fallen asleep with his head resting on the peacefully slumbering Sherlock’s shoulder. John flicked off the television and hesitated on whether he should leave the sleeping Sherlock for his room. In the end, John curled onto the couch, resting his head on a throw pillow placed alongside Sherlock’s lap and had fallen back to sleep.
Irene thought to herself. Sherlock agreed to take her case and offered her the spare room to sleep in. John was unable to voice his animosity for Sherlock’s decision for whatever reason. Irene refrained from grinning too wildly.
“No, they aren’t! I’m a bitch! Alphas only use omegas to breed; we’re nothing in society but baby makers!” John sobbed harshly against his father’s chest, grabbing to his coat in tight fists.
His beautiful pure omega... Sherlock was his alone. John hated the possessiveness that many alphas expressed, but this, knowing that Sherlock was his only and that he was Sherlock's in return... It was heartening. John would forever cherish his beautiful husband.
stood from the chair, stared down at the simmering John and paused for a brief moment. Almost as if he felt accountable for the deception they were to commit.
Sherlock tried to get into it, but John’s emotional overload was sending him in so many different directions and he was truly stumped.
"Sorry - you're busy." John began edging away, suddenly realizing that Sherlock's parents must have had a shock too and that they'd want to speak with their son as well.
“John…” Ella began, waiting for John to raise his gaze and meet her own, when he did, she asserted, “Can you at least try and communicate with him. It might help you during your heat if you actually bonded with him beforehand.”
John nervously seated himself down and allowed the man to get a sample of his saliva and several more of his blood. After the man finished, he packed up his things, nodded to the taller gentleman and exited the flat.
The soft stroking of thumbs to his wrists made Sherlock open his eyes, he hadn't realized he'd shut them. The alpha's concern was clear on his face as he looked to Sherlock with all his pity and guilt. Good. The alpha should feel bad for what he'd done to him. He was loosing his mind because of the alpha.
Then the memories of Irene Adler flashed in his mind and John hated how even by just a memory of The Woman he noticeably flinched. Sherlock chose Irene and John wasn’t so sure Irene was dead, not with how Sherlock had responded to his news when he’d said she’d gone into witness protection.
Gregory groaned in distress, body tensing when Heather broke their now one sided kiss and moved lower to suck on his neck, working her way near his scent gland.
John paled. How had he? He really did laugh and it hadn’t been forced out of anger or spiteful in the least.
Glancing through the double doors, over the omega's head, John finally started to take in his surroundings. He'd been so distracted by the sight of gray smoke he hadn't been looking for anything other than Sherlock, then he'd noticed the burning food. All he could think about was getting Sherlock away from the smoke and cleaning up the mess.
“You don’t have to fear me. I won’t hurt you.” Sherlock declared thoughtfully, seeming to notice John’s response, he added, “
"Um right." John mumbled, retrieving his flashlight from off the ground and refocused on examining the omega.
“He’s cheated on me. He said he’d be faithful, but he lied. He loves a beta. He's been unfaithful with his heart. It’s only a matter of time before his body betrays me.”
Sherlock released an aggravated growl of frustration and threw his mobile at the wall, shattering it to pieces as his answer.
“Good. Good, alpha. Obedient.” John rambled nonsense and absentmindedly rubbed his lips across the edge of Sherlock’s parted mouth.
John flushed from embarrassment and anger, grumbling out to Angelo as he walked off, “I’m not his date!”
John ignored the alpha, putting his clothes back on before sitting on the closed toilet and silently condemning himself and his behavior.
John was promptly spun on his heel and led towards Sherlock’s Finnish cousins—they were horrid. The worst by far. They’d actually asked Mrs. Holmes his fertility score.
Sherlock jerked his head, attempting to quiet the screaming within his mind, the howling of his omega shaking his mind palace further; more cracks lined the tattered walls of his destroyed palace.
Sherlock shook his head, he needed to get away, and yet he knew there was no way out of this situation. Given enough time his omega would fully take over and then it wouldn't matter what Sherlock's logical sense determined. The omega's need for John would outweigh everything else.
Sherlock needed to let his thoughts calm, to let go of all the dangers out there and focus on something else—their anniversary was an excellent distraction. John also concluded that today would be the day they deepened their marital relationship. If John hadn’t gotten Sarah to prescribe him heat reducers, he’d also be setting into his heat right about now. That was something John didn’t think Sherlock was ready for and it was too much of a distraction when Moriarty lurked in the shadows. John didn’t want to be in heat if Moriarty were to show his face again. Sherlock learned of John’s choice for heat reducers soon after John had made an appointment and understood his reasoning.
Someone moved to kneel at his side and worriedly asked him questions, but he paid them no mind. Instead Sherlock smiled up at the blue of the sky. His body ached so much. The pain brought him near tears, but the longer he immersed himself in his pain the more numb he felt. His head buzzed dizzily, throbbing and glaring, making it almost impossible to think, but that was better.
Sherlock was tired. It was only 11:27PM, but since he'd gotten pregnant he found himself needing more rest and right now, sleep sounded like the best thing. Brushing his teeth with John standing at his side rubbing his lower back felt far better than Sherlock would have ever believed. Regardless of his agreement that rest was what he needed, he grumbled about blasted morning sickness and such until they'd reached the bed.
John set his half eaten apple onto the table, exhaled a trembling breath and looked back up at the expectant gaze of the alpha.
Sherlock could almost laugh at his stupidity. It'd taken him being shot and nearly dying for him to enter the wrong room. Trapping himself with Moriarty. There he'd had to struggle, trying to drown out Moriarty's harsh words and find his way out. Running up those stairs away from Moriarty's words and opening that door of bright light, it overwhelmed him. All those memories, the blackness concealing everything vanished, and he remembered.
“John.” There was a smile in Sherlock’s call of his name and when John stopped looking at the pleasingly fat cock and met his alpha’s gaze once more, it was to the sight of amusement.
"I'm hungry." The nausea had vanished the moment he'd scented the sweetness of his alpha and now all Sherlock could think about was food.
“John.” Sherlock moaned, fondling his monstrous alpha cock. Jerking himself in ruthless painful tugs, squeezing his hand around himself as hard as he could, hurting himself, but needing the imitation of rutting into his omega.
Sherlock waited and watched, part of himself didn't think the alpha would stoop so low. A part of him believed this would be the alpha's breaking point where he would rise from the floor and curse Sherlock for his games and cruelty. If that were to happen, Sherlock wouldn't care all that much, it would just send him into a rage and that rage would lead him out of this house, looking for another fight that might possibly end his life.
He didn’t have the energy to speak and knew the best option for him to remain quiet was by filling his mouth with food. John helped himself, stacking his plate with pancakes, eggs, fruit salad, and bacon. As he ate, John glanced curiously back up to the Holmes’.
He was terrified, disquieted by Sherlock's previous statement. Good. That was right. This was right. John deserved to suffer. He deserved to feel pain like he had. John would be humiliated and demeaned as he was.
Sherlock didn't want to hear them. He needed to get up and out of there. The Work was his only salvation. Rising to his feet, Sherlock took a moment to right himself. Retracting his claws and staring at his hands, revealed light blood smearing his fingers. Staring further down to the ground, Sherlock caught sight of his feet. He wasn't wearing his shoes. Suddenly recalling that the alpha had removed them, Sherlock hadn't remembered to put them on when he'd escaped the alpha's home. His socks were tattered, covered in dirt and drying blood.
John tried. He woke early every morning to make them breakfast. Sometimes Sherlock was up experimenting—a thing the brilliant scientist enjoyed doing in his spare time, mostly experimenting with human organs. Other times Sherlock had already left to do God knows what, but he’d return eventually and John would warm up a meal for him. On even rarer occasions Sherlock would wake and greet John in the kitchen, drink the tea John prepared and a few bites of the meals he made. As of yet, Sherlock hadn’t eaten a full meal he’d prepared.
"Does that mean I succeeded with my dirty talk?" Sherlock bit off a laugh, palming his belly with satisfaction.
“To answer your question…” John began, setting his suddenly clammy palms against the table and taking a moment to calm his breathing, searching his heart for the answer of what should be an easy question but was anything but.
Mrs. Holmes suddenly announced she would call Sherlock then and John watched as Mrs. Holmes surprise-attacked Sherlock about John’s presence. John couldn’t hear Sherlock’s response, but he wasn’t sure if his intended would be so eager to meet him. From what he’d heard, Sherlock wasn’t all that open to the idea of bonding.
” Sherlock’s anger gave way to worry, knowing all the possible outcomes when it came to his brother, and paled as a morbid idea flicked within his mind.
The tormented cry that burst forth from Sherlock pained John, who did not stop, only continued to push further inside, until he was at last fully within, up to the hilt. Claws dug painfully into his scalp, all while Sherlock tugged John closer still against the warmth of his neck. Wounded whimpers filling the otherwise silent room.
John blinked past the pain and disorienting knock to the head to rise and near the large cluster of people circling his mate’s frail form. They wouldn’t let him near, they wouldn’t let him close enough to touch Sherlock, but John kept pushing his way through them, wheezing out an explanation as to why it was terribly important he was allowed through.
“And frankly a bloody awful cabbie.” John felt butterflies once again flitter around in his stomach.
Sherlock witnessed disbelief fill the alpha's gaze. There was fear, powerful fear and guilt in those pleading eyes.
John shakily set his toast down, inhaled and exhaled measured breaths and discreetly lowered a hand to grasp a vicious hold on Sherlock’s. He tried to pry the alpha’s hand off his thigh, but Sherlock gripped tightly to him. John watched as Sherlock’s features tensed as if annoyed John was trying to remove his hand, as if Sherlock
Sherlock let out a noise distantly resembling a squeak. Good Lord, John was amazing. Turning to meet John's gaze, their faces inches from one another, Sherlock stared at his husband in utter wonder.
John’s painfully hard cock gave an aching jolt, the spout of his head dribbling droplets of pure sex, sticking to the cotton of his briefs and pressing insistently against constricting jeans.
Whatever the reason, John found Sherlock looking at him more than before and he couldn’t understand why. At first he thought he’d had something on his face and even asked Sherlock if that was the case. Sherlock said he didn’t. But then Sherlock’s eyes were back on him after a short while had passed and stayed fixed on him. John was truly confounded.
John immediately tensed. The soldier in him wanted to attack Sherlock before the man laid a violent hand on him, but the omega in him wanted to submit to take his punishment. Conflicted on what to do, John raised his hands and shielded his face, preparing for the blow, eyes slamming back shut, breath caught in his chest as he continued to wait. The alpha was a liar. He’d defied him, rejected him, and denied his alpha what he had wanted. He was to be punished for it.
Mr. Holmes ate his breakfast more than he stared at John, but Mrs. Holmes grinned happily at him, obviously pleased he had a healthy appetite. John scowled, something about the way she looked at him made him feel ill at ease, and it seemed that she was always appraising his value. His healthy appetite seeming to be another sign that he would take good care of his litter once impregnated.
John smiled fondly as the DI exited the room and he laid himself in Lestrade’s bed. Shutting his eyes, John tried to work beyond the omega within roiling angrily as his scent mixed with Lestrade’s alpha’s scent, thickly layering the sheets.
"He's not going to divorce her. He gave her the rights that were to be mine alone. He made me his second.
"I'm sorry. You... I.... never meant... I will make things right. I will heal your mind and maybe... maybe you will forgive me once I tell you--"
"Your room is up those stairs." Sherlock flicked his hand in the direction of them and continued speaking, "Tomorrow we begin our bonding. I'll bear your touches and care, but don't think it means I forgive you or want you. The faster I'm healed, the faster I can get away from you."
Brother mine, so much sentiment.” Mycroft smiled momentarily. Sherlock knew Mycroft was hurting when the gentleman’s brows tensed and the smile faltered under a grimace of pain as he pushed off the desk to stand.
“No.” John whispered, eyes welling with unshed tears, reduced to handle his heat alone. His omega whined at the utter humiliation of it all.
John might as well be honest. It wasn’t like he had anything truly invested in this arrangement. Why should he care?
John’s eyes left his plate to stare at Sherlock’s hands resting on the table, up to his chest, before lowering back to his plate.
"Tell me how much of a slut you are." Sherlock harshly commanded, smelling bitter, full of grief and fear. It made John dizzy, and he knew that this bitter scent would bring with it a headache if he was unable to soothe the omega.
"Sherlock." John sighed against his skin, adding his middle finger and scissoring them. Stretching and contracting against the nervous clenching of Sherlock's channel.
“What’s so funny?” Someone cheerfully asked, obtaining John’s and Sherlock’s attention. The two turned to find Mr. and Mrs. Holmes taking a stroll in the gardens much like themselves.
“I… uh… I’m going to a local art exhibit and I… Would you like to come?” John bumbled, but eventually managed to ask what he truly desired.
“Only because…” John stopped himself, shutting his eyes, breathing erratically as Sherlock continuously nipped and sucked at his lips, making it hard to talk, much less think.
“So good, Sherlock. Feels so good, love it, love, love, love.” John whined, one hand lowering to fist at black tresses, his other palmed at his belly, reminding himself not to buck and jostle Sherlock nor overexert himself.
"I was wondering when you'd come for a visit. If this is about the video, I've been doing everything I can to -"
“John.” A breathless whisper of his name came from a voice that was pure sex and John purred amorously, laving up the remaining blood, revealing reddening flesh.
Sherlock stared at John, utterly surprised, and chuckled, delighted by John’s quick wit. Wordlessly, Sherlock spun, and walked away from the bustle of police officers and reports, John at his side.
John loved his family, but to love a person of no relation… John was unfamiliar with that type of emotion.
“Would you be willing to sign a contract that if I find such an alpha, you will marry him on the spot and if you refuse you’ll lose your trust fund, inheritance, and be blacklisted?”
What John found to be most heartbreaking though, was watching Sherlock propose to Janine. What was John to say to that? They were still married. Separated, but still married, and so now John was just supposed to accept that Janine was Sherlock's second? No. John wouldn't take it. As soon as they'd left the building, John was going to tell Sherlock to call off the engagement, because he'd be damned if his mate took a second, not after what they'd been through.
"Right." John choked out, unable to will the wetness from his eyes, it doubled in seconds and he was barely containing them. "I... I understand, it's... It's your choice and..."
“John, you’re... Oh.” Sherlock huffed, the tips of his fingers fiddling with the head of his cock and John couldn’t stop himself from mimicking the motion on himself. He threw his head back and moaned out a cry, the warm build of satisfaction growing in his lower region as he fondled the crown of his cock. Staring over the expanse of his glistening with sweat chest and into Sherlock’s smoldering eyes, John shuddered with the trills of sexual enjoyment, and brazenly lowering his gaze to watch Sherlock masturbate himself.
hard. Arousal was kindled the very instant Sherlock touched his swollen belly and Sherlock released a pained groan scenting the arousal which in turn set off his.
Once they’ve devoured one another like two starving men—once they’ve breathed their truths into each others’ mouths and have paused to stand panting into each others’ necks, John speaks into the thick silence that hangs heavy around them.
“All right,”  Why not? Perhaps we can question them about Hal’s comings and goings while we’re too far away for him to catch a whiff of our inquiries.  Surely getting to know the rest of this town’s characters will be beneficial to the case. John smirks, then spins around on his stool to resume his place leaning easily against me.  Feeling bold, I wrap my arms around his shoulders, let my chin rest on the crown of his head. His hands immediately come up to grip my arms where they lie across his chest.
“It was fine,” It was shit—a painfully dull dinner and a handshake goodbye—but John doesn’t bother to correct Sherlock when he incorrectly deduces the outcomes of John’s dates.  It’s part of their routine, he supposes, to pretend he’s finding some level of fulfillment with the carousel of women he spends his evenings trying to woo.
Here she is.  8,500+ words of extremely indulgent, obnoxious fluff.  Oh, and some smut.  With a Christmas theme.
“I’m—leaving,”  Her heart sinks.  Somewhere deep down, she’d known this was coming.  “Leaving Baker Street, but not London.  A new flat, that’s all.  Something different—I—it’s for the best,”  His eyes are pleading, begging her to understand.  She does.  Of course she does.  She nods.
He flips me over suddenly, unceremoniously.  Slides right up behind, chest to my back, erection hot and heavy against my cheeks.  My breathing is strained, anticipation throbbing through my veins. I can feel him behind me, pulling his pyjamas down around his thighs, his hand sliding along his own shaft, slick with lube.  Preparing. For what, exactly?
When the show begins to wind down—finally—nearly an hour later, I slink into the back hallway to wait.
I note a slight tremor in my hands as I tap out the text message I’ve been avoiding all day.  That never happened, before. Now that my mind is plagued with regret—full of noise—my transport seems to be gradually turning on me, too.  I pause, then hit send.
“No,” He laughs, hurrying to elaborate.  “I mean—no, I don’t bloody understand—I never have, Sherlock.  I never thought this was even on the table,” He deliberately leans further into Sherlock’s body where they’re pressed so close together.  Squeezes Sherlock’s ankle where his palm now rests.  “I’ve been waiting for you to speak up.  You’ve surprised me, these last few weeks.”
I feel him nod against my shoulder.  “Yes. All right, yes.” He snakes his arm through mine and holds on.
“Morning,”  He says when we shuffle in, still donning last night’s clothes.  He gives us a bit of an odd look, but doesn’t mention it. “Made coffee,”  A nod to the worktop, where a fresh pot awaits our arrival. “Thanks again for letting me stay.  Really,” John heads over to pour us each a cup.
Before she has a chance to think it through, Molly has taken the few steps toward him, wrapped her arms around his middle and squeezed.  All of the guilt she’s been able to suppress for all this time is now bubbling unbidden to the surface when confronted with this miserable man.  She could tell him.  She could just
“No,”  I agree.  “Seems that Henry is a better liar than we’d thought,”  I suppose being irreversibly tied to someone you despise will give you that particular skill set.  The rest of the drive is quiet—once we arrive at the cottage, closing the front door behind us, John turns to me.
When Sherlock turns his head just-so to steal a glance at the man who sits stoically at his feet, he finds steely blue eyes already on him.  And this time when John stares and stares and stares and stares and says nothing aloud but holds everything unspoken in his gaze, Sherlock doesn’t look away.
Harry rises awkwardly, reaching for the crutches she left leaned against the worktop.  She gives him one final scowl before retreating slowly to her room.  John sighs.
When his limbs regain the ability to hold hip upright, John turns to me, reaching down to return the favor.  I bat his hand away. “No,” He looks up at me, puzzled. “Watch,” I say. “A demonstration.” His expression turns a touch predatory, as he watches me slide my hand down my abdomen and along my own cock.  “I’ll show you
Hi!  It's been awhile.  I'm still slowly picking away at this story, though I'm finding it pretty difficult at the moment.  The plot is getting (and continues to be) fairly intense and I'm not really into that right now.  Might step away and write some fluff or something to get back into the creative swing of things.
“And the rest of it?  Everything that romantic relationships generally consist of?  Do you want that?”
“You thought that you’d make a decision like this without asking how I felt about it?  I know that you don’t—you don’t
“John?”  Mycroft looks rather puzzled, lifting an eyebrow when he sees both our faces on the screen.  “And Sherlock. To what do I owe—”
We thank them and head back toward the idling cab.  No use hanging around, we’ll return after dark and stake the place out.  They’ll warn him we’ve stopped by, if they haven’t already. Can hardly knock on his door now.
He pictures the two of them like this and groans into John’s temple as his own cock swells.  John teeters on the edge of the bed, still fully clothed and feet firmly on the floor as he pushes his hips desperately into Sherlock’s hand, writhing against his chest and into the expanse between his two long legs.  Sherlock’s arms hold John possessively, his fingers work him relentlessly.  The sounds escaping him are like nothing Sherlock’s experienced before—
John takes a moment to register this, and then immediately the tears come at the same time as the maniacal grin.
“Well if you must know, until very recently I’d assumed he was asexual and probably also aromantic.  I wasn’t about to turn our friendship into an impossible, embarrassing mess over my own one-sided attraction.”
He does.  Beneath the crinkled wrapping paper is a simple wooden box.  “Oh,” He says, clearly recognizing it. When he flips open the lid, I see that it’s filled with tattered and stained index cards, each covered in the same tidy, looping handwriting.  “Mum’s recipes.”
“Not sure what you mean,” John says casually, pressing his lips to my cheek and wandering off toward the living room.  The smile that spreads across Molly’s face is genuine, albeit quite smug.
We’ve found a balance, together—a way to stay grounded, anchored in reality.  I hope that we will always rely on one another to find humour in the poignant, joy in the piteous.  John has stopped laughing, now. Leans his head against my shoulder, our eyes turned back to the setting sun.
“Well fuck me, it’s my two favorite Englishmen,”  Ben grins at our reflection in the mirror as we stride into his dressing room.  It’s only half six and the Rainbow is nearly empty. After a quick word with Adam about Ben’s whereabouts, we were told we’d find him here
He rises, shuffling toward the windows and beginning to unceremoniously yank the drapes closed.  The sun is beginning to set, but there’s still plenty of late-afternoon light spilling into the room.  Once the heavy fabric is secured, he glances around the sitting room, satisfied with the relative darkness but anticipating the chill that’ll be seeping in soon.  He builds a fire, hoping that the smell of it doesn’t send Sherlock over the edge.  When he gets no reaction whatsoever, he counts it as a win.
We decide to venture into town and get to know the area we’ll be residing in for the foreseeable future.  As it turns out,
“Not really, no.  Kind of wanted to spend it at home.  The year we did that was the best Christmas of my life,” He pauses, smirks.  “Despite your being in love with Irene Adler at the time.”
“Did you know?”  He asks, voice light, simply curious.  Greg looks at him.  “The—gift she gave me at Christmas—Molly—did you know she had it all this time?”
“All right?”  John asks, voice quiet and slightly concerned.  He’s watching me as my mind reels. This happens often—spinning out, getting lost in thoughts of the past and dissociating from reality.  I haven’t been quite the same since my two years as a ghost. Never quite dealt with the mental repercussions of my time abroad.  But John is patient with me, these days. Things have gotten better.
Dr. Joel Fleischman is from Northern Exposure (a brilliant american show from the 90s that I grew up with and is forever ingrained in my brain) and is also Sherlock's therapist in one of my other stories.  He's a cute New York Jew who spent some time in Alaska.  It doesn't make sense to throw him into this world, but he's who I pictured sitting across from Sherlock in a leather wingback, helping him through life's mysteries (and John's) so here we are.  <3
anything,”  Reaches behind the cushion to his right.  He hands me a stack of six sealed standard white envelopes, all a bit rough around the edges.  Each of them dated, but otherwise unmarked. “These already belong to you, anyway,” What does that mean?  I don’t recognize them. I look closer at the dates. All during my time away. I glance back up at John.
Once we’ve finished eating, things begin to feel a bit strange between John and I.  We’ve been distracted by Rosie for the past couple of hours, but now she’s fallen asleep, tucked up against John’s side.  We sit in silence, sipping tea, occasionally glancing at one another. Today has been odd. I believe that we actually went ahead and decided to venture into the unknown together, but our vague conversation on the train didn’t give me much to go on.  I’m in uncharted waters here, and it is
“I’ve always known.  I never said,”  John continues, determined, turning in the circle of Sherlock’s arms and pushing lightly at his chest until he lies back on the bed.  John follows, curling up beside him.  “Sherlock—”  His voice cracks on Sherlock’s name, his expression pained.  “I’ve never been able to look at you without thinking
He’d chosen the destination by closing his eyes and pressing the pad of his right index finger to a map of the United Kingdom that’s been pinned to the wall since the Cubitt case two weeks ago.  He’d landed somewhere in the English Channel, and so slid said finger a bit to the right, to the first coastal town that caught his eye.  A place called Hope.  Hope Cove, to be precise.
than that, and the word feels lacking.  But it’s the best he’s got, until—until.  An abrupt wave of giddy anxiety swells within John’s chest at the thought of
“Have you got an address?” She nods, stands.  Fishes around in the top drawer of a bureau and pulls out a small purple address book.
“Anything you’d like to contribute?”  Vague. Probably shouldn't broadcast that I haven’t the faintest what the
“Don’t get a big head about it,”  He adds with a smirk, gaze returning to the makeup he’s been expertly applying.  “Your only competition is
This is the first he’s heard of any intention on Mrs. Hudson’s part to include him in the will.  He loved her as though they were blood, and he knows the feeling was mutual—but she and Sherlock have
He stands before her in a too-big, burgundy fairisle jumper and the same baggy jacket he’s always worn.  Slim-cut trousers and brown leather shoes.  He’s made an effort to look put-together.  She wonders who he’s trying to fool.
I sit bolt upright, toss the duvet aside.  Straight out the door and up the stairs. When I get to John’s (old) room I hover in the doorway for a moment, watching his sleeping form.  What was that, last night? What kind of madness overcame me? I hadn’t behaved like that in years.
“Don’t ask,” He sips his wine, makes a small sound of approval.  “No really. Unless you’re ready to take on a case--and believe me, we’re happy to have you whenever you are--don’t even get me started.  We’re all pulling our hair out over this one. Heading back to the Yard when I leave here, actually, to try and get ahead of things.”
I think.  Barriers breached.  He tentatively begins to tug my shirt from where it’s tucked into my trousers.  “All right?” He asks, searching my face for permission. I nod. Once he’s pulled my shirt from its confines, he begins to slowly unfasten buttons, watching me for signs of protest.  I have none. The fabric hanging loosely from my shoulders now, his eyes roam over this new expanse of flesh he suddenly has access to. Meeting my eyes again, he carefully runs his palms across my pectorals, down my sides.  I shiver violently, my skin buzzing beneath his fingertips. He registers this and snakes his arms around my waist, pulls our bodies close. I let my forehead drop to his shoulder, slide my hands up his back, feeling for the scar that he’s hidden from me for all these years.  I map it with the pads of my fingers, think of how we’d never have found each other at all if he hadn’t been given this scar. A series of random events led him to the lab that day. Both of us existing in a grey, miserable haze until we unexpectedly found one another and learned that life could have colour.
“I—don’t know,” The words emerge infinitely more gently than he’d intended.  Perhaps some part of him suspects that’s what they both need just now.  “But I’m quite certain that we’ll figure it out,”  He is certain.  He’s more certain of this—of them—than he’s ever been of anything in his entire bloody life.  This is it, for him.  He’s more than ready for this.
The train pulls away from the station and it feels as if we’re being launched into a future unknown—hand in hand, eyes locked and hearts full.  John leans against me, rests his head on my shoulder.
I stand at the mirror, fastening the final button on the deep green shirt my parents had gifted me upon my return.  John is piling our destroyed bed linens into a laundry basket, tugging a clean set out of a dresser drawer. As he spreads the fitted sheet out over the mattress, I wrap my arms around him, running my palms down the front of his burgundy Christmas jumper and pressing my lips to his temple.  “I love you,” I say. Because I do. He drops the sheet and turns in my arms—leaning into the embrace, cheek resting against my chest. We’ve had many quiet moments like this in the past four weeks—checking in, reassuring, reminding each other that we’re all right. I need these moments. I treasure them.
“Arrogance,”  I spin around, caught a bit (only a bit) off guard as Irene strides in, stilettos clicking lightly against the linoleum floor.  John moves to stand in front of me. Protective. Defensive. A swell of tenderness blooms behind my ribcage and I take a step closer, wrapping my fingers around his wrist.  She raises both of her fastidiously tweezed brows at his response to her sudden presence, but carries on. “As well as an astounding lack of tact,” She meets my eye, the corner of her mouth tugging upward slightly.  “Inimitable genius. Staggering beauty,” Her gaze drifts over my body and I can’t help but huff in annoyance. She’s putting on a show. “Hi, sweetie,” She walks straight over to Ben, wraps her arms around him. He pulls her in and I watch, confounded by the genuine affection between them.  They stand in a comfortable embrace, and when they part, Irene remains close, Ben’s arm wrapped tightly around her waist. He says nothing, just stands at her side in a clear display of solidarity, waiting to see how things play out.
Greg waits.  She’s been acting bloody strange all night—a bit erratic—clearly has something formidable on her mind.  Molly doesn’t do so great with bottling emotions, and he knows by now that she’ll spill if he just gives her some time.
We climb into our absurdly small convertible—John and his superior sense of direction taking the wheel—and pull out of the concrete parking ramp of the Santa Rosa Junior College.  Molly had called in a favour with an ex-colleague who’s affiliated with their labs, and we’ve spent most of the day holed up there, attempting to discover what John unknowingly ingested this morning.  The city is but a twenty-six minute drive from our cottage, so it was an extremely convenient trip.
“This is nice,” John says, still one to state the obvious, despite the years of snark he’s endured as a result of such statements.  Sherlock says nothing, but gives him an amused look over his glass, lowering it to reveal a small, fond smile.  John stares helplessly at his wine-stained lips, fighting the urge to taste them, to express his current contentment physically.  He’s always been better with actions than words.
“Isla?  No, but we’ve never really kept in touch when she’s off on her travels.  I just hang with her when she’s here, you know?  She’s on Instagram though,”  He fishes his mobile from his pocket, pulls up her profile. “Just posted yesterday,”  He hands John the phone and I perch on the arm of his chair as he scrolls through her many photos.  Most of them are images of California landscapes, posted at least every couple of weeks. Could have been anywhere—taken at any time.  Few pictures of actual people, but that seems to be her social media modus operandi, going back years: photos of nature. Though there are exceptions.  He opens a group picture—taken here, at the Rainbow—posted just over a year ago. Adam and Ben sit side by side on the bartop, leaning on one another and smirking at the camera.  Standing beside them, trying futilely to fight the grin on her face, is a casually dressed Irene, wrapped in the arms of a petite woman with long, wavy blonde hair, maybe thirty five years old.  She’s wearing jeans and a crochet bikini top, lips pressed to Irene’s cheek. I’m honestly a bit stunned—Irene looks—
I give him a nod.  All instincts are telling me to be annoyed, bored.  A dinner party? Tedious. But as I drop my eyes back to the paper in my hands, I can’t quite contain my grin.
Sherlock turns his head, meets John’s eyes at last, two pale grey rings around unexpectedly dark pupils.  John’s breath catches in his throat.  He waits.  Counts the seconds up to fourteen before Sherlock finally speaks.
“Okay,” He pants against my mouth, after a long moment.  I tighten my grip around him—pinning his arms to his sides—lean us forward slightly and pull back my hips.  When I roll them forward, pushing slowly back in, we both cry out, a bit dazed by the intensity of this. I press my mouth to the top of his spine, then pull back again, beginning a steady rhythm of long, sharp thrusts.
