And when the insolent creature performed his meretricious act with our poker, my only concern was to get him out of our sitting-room and out of our house. I was astounded that Sherlock maintained his somewhat amused demeanour throughout the encounter.
“Yes, and I could not eat or drink for days. I recall touching my lips—they were so very dry that they felt like paper.”
Now they were in Mycroft’s spacious bathroom. The hot water running into the enormous tub was making the room steamy, and the elder Holmes brother was grateful for it—his younger brother had been shivering and even having the driver turn the car’s heat up until it was almost sickeningly warm in the vehicle hadn’t helped.
“Oh, Matilda! Perfect timing. This is Sherlock. He’s just been having a bit of a lie-down after his visit from the barber, and then it’s dinner and time to take his tablets—isn’t that right, Sherlock?”
slender grey hair motherly maybe good chance good for him baking baked biscuits butter flour sugar lovely soft chocolate sweet things no
disappointed.
Day 8—Tuesday, noon
“And a great many messes to clean up,” she added. “Not to mention that neither of you can manage anything beyond tea and toast.”
I have inquired and he has—rarely—replied, in a fashion. He does not weep about anything in particular—contrary to what many people might believe, he is not thinking about the recently widowed woman; the kidnapped child. Only once has he been able to truly reveal what distresses him so.
the capital letters)—his brother’s pride and joy—that was currently in storage.
We had been lying together in his bed for a while. He would sometimes weep silently, and sometimes he would gasp for breath. I held him and once had to gently dissuade him from hitting his own head on the headboard. I was not speaking much. I did not want to pepper him with questions, which seemed to overwhelm and confuse him.
“Egg wine?” I had no idea of what she spoke. “Did the household not employ a cook?”
I nodded dumbly and seated myself across from my friend as his brother gracefully lowered himself into the wicker chair we generally used for clients.
How had he felt, then, about the new facet the doctor had introduced to their lives?
Of course, even while all of this was occurring, none of his regular responsibilities had diminished.
Sherlock Holmes to Dr. Watson in “The Man with the Twisted Lip”
What I adore beyond anything now is my darling’s lips against mine, and his queer, grey eyes fixed on me as I strip first him and then myself, and then lower myself over him, eagerly.
But he is also my dear friend and I cannot bear to think of life without him—and at this juncture, that is a distinct possibility.
“Yes, I have been kept apprised of your efforts, Doctor Watson—and I truly appreciate everything you are doing for my brother. This must be a terrible strain on you.”
“Assisted?”
“I suspect not,” he admitted.
“There’s more,” he said so quietly that even with my ear inches away from his lips, I barely caught his words.
Hold onto John
“It is your illness. I will have your husband make the arrangements.” I requested that he join us at that time, explained to him what his wife required to recover from her illness, and sent them off. I never heard from either of them again, so I never will know if she recovered herself.
He had also had him thoroughly searched—and that was a bit disappointing. He had hidden the scalpel quite well, using it to create a tiny slit in the lining of his jacket and slipping it in, but he had just shoved the handful of syringes in the pocket of the coat he had purchased.
quiet.
He pushed her again and then tried to hit her and he knew he’d really be in big trouble now but she still wouldn’t go away and his head was starting to hurt and his eyes were blurry and he wanted to shout at her to go but he couldn’t make his mouth work and it was all so very scary and he was frightened and angry and then something stuck him and he started to feel very odd and his arms were heavy and his legs felt wobbly and he just wanted to lie down on the big bed…
“I am sorry. I cannot stand myself,” he admitted. “Please do not feel obliged…”
John rose. “How about that hot chocolate?” he asked as he headed for the kitchen. Greg also rose and began tidying up the torn wrapping paper strewn around the floor. Sherlock, ignoring both of them, was now lying on his back, peering at the corners of the ceiling, then aiming and shooting his pistol.
“I did no such thing,” I replied calmly. “As you have pointed out, my stories are fantastic creations with a great many fictions and diversions. And,” I continued, feeling quite emboldened about this particular point, “I was not the one responsible for that particular fabrication. My editor was aware of my divorce and wished to avoid scandal. A widowed author sells much better than a divorced one.” I swear Mr. Bloom disguised a smile by raising his hand to his lips and giving a discreet cough.
I celebrate—silently—when he finally sits. He often does not remain seated longer than thirty seconds at first, but I do not protest when he lunges up and out of his chair and resumes his pacing. I simply continue reading.
He had not actually had any tea or supper that I knew of. As I packed, he had remained locked in his room and silent. I stopped a few times and strained to listen, but I could not detect any motion. I did not even know if he had completed refreshing himself, although it seemed unlikely that he would have left the last bits—his legs and feet—unwashed.
“And so, you went as...?”
“You acknowledge that I do
“I am so sorry, my dear lady,” I murmured, “but I must ascertain if you have broken any bones in your foot. This is going to be quite painful.” I saw no reason to prevaricate.
Everything happened so quickly—and Sherlock was so very calm in dealing with the odious man—that neither of these concerns immediately sprang to my mind.
what you claim was true and
“Now, first of all, I take it from your attitude that you are no longer angry with me.”
“I think he’s coming to now,” Malcolm, who was kneeling, Mycroft noticed now, with his brother’s feet propped up on his own legs to elevate them, remarked.
“Come, now, Mrs. H.,” I cajoled. The more time that passed since my disastrous morning, the lighter I felt. By bedtime, perhaps I would discover that it was just a dream. That Sherlock had not yet returned helped this self-delusion immensely.
And there he was.
“What is it, Sherlock?” Mycroft asked in some amazement. He had headed up to check on his brother as soon as he had come in from his office, and his brother seemed eager for his attention. The last time he had acted anything like that he had been about ten years old and eager to show his older brother, whom he idolised, the results of an experiment he had been running. The government man—whose hearing was quite as good as Sherlock’s—had heard the conversation between the nurses, of course, but had shrugged it off. What they thought of him didn’t matter. He had sent the new nurse down to discuss Sherlock’s eating needs with Mrs Parker before entering his brother’s room.
patient
Have I written about this at another time? I do not recall, and I find myself digressing from my original subject. I will continue my narrative as intended.
“But… your leg…” he stammered. I was beginning to convince him.
Sherlock has protested]
train of thought and apparently had hit the mark.
And then he turned a page, and, with a sudden intake of breath, he pulled his hands away, gasping as if he had been burned. He shoved the book violently away from himself.
“I think it’s time that my brother moved to his own bedroom,” Mycroft suggested a bit hesitantly. He was not at all sure that his idea was a good one, but he had been observing his brother’s moods, and he seemed different from when he first arrived.
He nodded, and I revelled in the feel of his cheek against my own. As he so often is, he was cold, and I held him even more closely as he shivered. “It reminds me of my own father,” he admitted. “He was a bully, as you put it. Miss Stoner’s injuries are far too familiar to me. We must get her away from that odious creature.”
“Yes, John.”
For the first time it has occurred to me—he has left his violin behind.
“Do you want something to eat?” I enquired.
The mum looked closely at the kind doctor’s face. Would he?
“A slight miscalculation,” he admitted.
kill Julia, in fact. Do you mean—God, Sherlock. Do you mean to tell me that your father…” I could not continue.
We had both slept for a few hours—I did not realise until he had drifted off how very tired I was, as well, so I was surprised when his sweet, deep voice roused me. “I still do not understand why you purchased those garments.”
“Do you recall his ejaculation pertaining to your own childless state?”
Well, they might. No one really knew him that well; they might figure that along with his food issues and intense but erratic academic performance and his weird “trick” of revealing everyone’s secrets, he very well might have a predilection for bondage.
Sherlock tried to make eye contact with him, but he had already turned away and was opening the door to his tiny student hall room. Two other students walked in. One—his name was Paul, Sherlock vaguely recalled—was carrying a large amount of bottled beer. The other, a rather delicate brunette named Simon, had some packets of crisps and other staples of student diets. The beer was deposited on the small table next to the bed.
Before she signed off, Winifred peeked in on him. He had fallen asleep in his soft haven again, the red crayon still held loosely in his hand.
“Just stay with me for a moment,” I requested.
tall silver hair fatherly keep off the sweeties no not right not right sweeties
“Well, where is he?” she demanded.
The problem was that there was nothing to draw out. He could not explain to me what was ailing him. I had already established for myself, in agreement with what he kept insisting, that he did not suffer from any particular physical ailment. He now would not speak at all, and he would neither eat nor drink, but it was not due to any sore throat or biliousness. Sometimes he did not seem to have the energy to even sit up, and then there were bursts of nervous energy that led to a great deal of pacing, and he would sometimes press himself against the glass of the windows that overlooked the street and stare out longingly—at what, I do not know.
“What?” I laughed out loud at this.
The housekeeper began ticking off on her fingers. “One: he despises roasted chicken. Two: he despises rosemary. Three: he cannot bear to eat carrots and peas together. Four: he won’t eat mashed potatoes with anything in them—let alone mushrooms. And five: there is no way I am not going to make him dessert. He’ll eat sweets when you can’t get anything else into him.”
I spent some time addressing the various bills and letters that had arrived in my absence. There was nothing terribly pressing, but I wanted to get my responses out of the way.
these urges that proves to be far more difficult. A man who becomes violent when drinking should, it seems, simply not take drink and all will be well, but for some men
“John, I admit that I enjoyed doing that, but only in the way I always enjoy fooling people with any of my disguises.”
He peered at the street signs as the ostentatious car rolled through the familiar streets.
“Better?” he asked as the young man let his head fall back onto the headrest. His eyes were shut again. “Last hit wearing off?” he remarked as casually as he could as he got behind the wheel.
Damn. Did she and his mum compare notes? “I… I’ve been reading Dr Watson’s blogs.”
“It’s normal,” the driver stated firmly. “I know it’s not normal for them, but it’s normal for everyone else.”
The entire affair did actually proceed as I presented it. I did not have the heart to embellish and no need to change any names, locations, dates. The news of the demise of the famous detective would soon reach around the world. It is my understanding that, other than in London itself, the largest impact that news had was on his admirers in America. This does not surprise me. Americans live in an expansive, rich, and youthful state of what seems to me to be continual celebration. Sometimes that celebration can be of the smallest things—the joy of a returned affection; the encouragement of a shared laugh; the ebullience of a pocket full of cash on pay day—but celebrate it they do, but when the news is bad, the passion that Americans bring to their mourning is both alarming and entirely admirable. Why should not the death of a friend, an acquaintance, or a hero not evoke the same intensity of passion and the expression of emotions that the death of a child, a parent, or a spouse elicits?
But what had shut him down again? Had anything? Or had his wounded brain simply had enough?
“I mean that deciding to move to New York for no apparent reason one morning is not normal.”
“Is that why you did not post this? You did not truly mean it, did you.”
“It’s a bit late for that. He’s not here.”
m’a fait mal.”
“Really,” I assured him, and I sealed my promise with a kiss.
“Eat your dinner, Sherlock,” he admonished, raising his head. Instead of complying, his brother, mimicking his actions, pushed his own plate away. The younger man’s curls (shorter and tidier, certainly, but still
the detective has written.]
“Whoa. What happened?” Christopher inquired, alarmed. “It’s all right. It’s just maps—nothing to be frightened of.” He had no idea if Sherlock had heard him as he dropped his forehead to the table and covered his head with his arms.
“I began in the area in which you and Mrs. Watson lived, primarily to some of the shops, and then I went to your old club.” He removed his hand from my chest, and I felt him push himself upright.
No, I honestly could say, I could not imagine that. My own upbringing, austere as it was, was still under the same roof as my mother, father, and brother. I knew of households which employed such young children for the coarsest and most base tasks, of course, but when in those large houses, it was rare to encounter these creatures unless Sherlock was interviewing them about a crime. Otherwise, they remained below the stairs.
“So, you are familiar with the tenets of your faith.”
Why did he have an Agatha Christie murder mystery in his library?
Greg was eager to get back to the Yard and review all the files; he would contact the homeowners in the morning to see if… God. What was his name?
“John!” His voice was now slightly petulant. “We have a client. Will you please join me as soon as you are able?”
“What about the compulsory laws?” Was she of an age that the law passed in 1882 would have affected her? Or at least the earlier legal acts? I was not certain.
She considered this. It might make things go a bit easier if she got chummy with him—and she did love chocolate mousse. “Oh, why not?” she smiled insincerely.
“Is it a wicked thing?” he asked hesitantly. It was so rare that he was so unsure of himself. And that word—my heart sinks even now. I had to respond to him, though; I had to assure him that he and I were no more wicked than Mrs. Hudson and her cat. I considered my words carefully before replying.
His patient slowly raised his head and looked at him, and the nurse would never admit it, but he pulled back a few inches at the sight. He thought the look he had gotten from the other man had gone right through him, but it was nothing in comparison to what he saw now.
And of all things that now come to my mind is the fact that, when we were in our confinement, I was only permitted pencil, and so those pieces I wrote then are somewhat smudged. How I wish my memories were equally softened and obscured.
Damn. I could not conjecture further. I had left the scene with just that limited amount of information.
“… three or four times before having them killed; doesn’t do it himself. Keeps his hands clean. Probably has
“Yes. Of course. I’ll go get it.” She headed into the en-suite bathroom. “He should be drinking more water,” she added over her shoulder. “He’s been rather fussed about that.”
He made an attempt to rise, but it seemed a lot harder than he had anticipated. The blanket over him—why was it so heavy?
That very first instant when Dr John Watson walked through that door at Bart’s, he had been hooked. It was completely unconscious, although afterward he realised what he had been doing in that lab at Bart’s.
He looked at us blankly and I interjected: “He means, Sherlock, did you intend to just walk away from your half of the responsibility for the rent? For our other household expenses? Did you think that I could afford to manage on my own—or to take another lodger in your place?”
keeping still
“What has he done now?” I groaned.
“Deflecting. And this is pudding—he just had what I’d consider supper a few hours ago.”
“He made a blanket fort,” the nurse said in some bewilderment.
“Not yet. Why?” Honestly, I was not sure if I had done the forks yet, so distracted was I by the image of that lithe body in front of me.
The actual, live shop was a bit... alarming.
too much…?
Mycroft Holmes sighed and, with a sad smile, began.
“So, just a bit of a burn and a nasty bruise?”
You have never been anything but a capable and vital companion, since the very first time we met, and you most certainly have never, ever allowed your war injuries to hamper your energetic activities. Indeed, I know that the contrary is more the truth. The scars left by the bullets and the horrible sepsis from which you suffered—and the brutally mishandled attempts to treat it surgically—most certainly do cause you pain. I know that cold weather in particular causes you distress. I have seen it in your face—in your eyes—when the damaged flesh tightens. But please, please understand that I have never once—not even in the most extreme of situations—considered you encumbered by your injuries, and you most certainly have never been useless as my assistant. For me to tell you that was wicked and cruel and utterly dishonest.
do when Mrs. Hudson abandons us to visit her sister?”
The tall, pale man had concentrated quite hard on the shorter man’s words, frowning and sometimes shaking his head doubtfully, but the calm, steady voice did its job and he was able to accomplish his task, working carefully around the horrific head wound and the bruises on the almost emaciated face.
“We—none of us—can pretend that it is anything else,” he responded. “This is not only the worst that you have seen my brother, but the worst that I have ever observed. He has had longer periods of mania, but never have they been so…” and I was astounded when he hesitated, “violent.”
“Please explain,” I asked softly.
“Damn,” the older Holmes brother groaned. He was seated in the bedroom next to his own. He glanced over at the bed, sighing as he noted that his brother, finally quiet and stoned on the injection that the surprisingly strong nurse had managed to get into him, was awake but not taking any notice of his surroundings.
“Hello, Solomon!” she greeted the dark-skinned man, a sparkle in her eye. He was lovely.
He smiled, finally focusing his full attention on me. “Oh, most of it was a little something I scribbled down a few years ago. Encountering criminals as often as we do sometimes sends me off in the most fantastic directions.”
The head injury had seemed to affect his coordination; sometimes when he lashed out against an intruding hand or instrument, he would miss—although some of that had to do with his current lack of binocular vision. The most apparent issue was his lack of balance; a nurse kept close whenever he was on his feet, as he tended to list to the left.
“No,” I replied calmly, resuming my actions. “Does it disturb you?”
“It’s been rougher than I thought,” the shorter man admitted in a low voice. “Too many people phoning and stopping by. You know how he is with that.”
“What!?” My heart rate soared again.
Solomon frowned at her tone. “What’s wrong?” he demanded.
“Why do you suppose he has been afflicted now?” I inquired. “What started him on this course?”
“What isn’t?” I asked, drawing my hand through the water, swirling the hot water into the cooler, which was murky with the soap and dirt I had removed from his pale skin.
“I do understand your distaste for illogical things, my dear friend, but you are much more perturbed than that observation warrants. It is something else that has you upset.”
with no one else there.
The dark-haired man whimpered, ceasing his struggles for a moment.
“I’m sorry, my love. I know you’re having trouble speaking right now,” she responded.
There was certainly no
“Oh, no,” the older nurse moaned.
I do love him dearly—more than anyone or anything else in this world—and I do understand that at times he cannot control his feelings or behaviours in any useful way or he simply would not be Sherlock Holmes—but sometimes I do wish that I could come home to a quiet evening by the fire discussing the price of beef or the proposed expansion of the railway rather than what was in store for me. But we needed to discuss what had occurred between us—and it was to be one of those discussions that entailed me doing a great deal of explaining things to my love that any other grown man would already know.
Etta reflected.
Want to go home—now!”
“Ironically, the best way to keep him safe is to expose him. Make his return public. Make him visible to all of London. Thrust him out into the unrelenting eye of the media so anyone trying to get to him will find that they have an audience.”
“I have no doubt that you would have kept a cool head and summoned aid had he required it, my love. It makes it clear, though—If he is so nervous about being found out—it must be a very strong urge that causes him to continue his surreptitious practice.”
Now that Sherlock was a bit more settled, perhaps they could move him into his own room? He sighed, knees creaking as he stood and stretched and went in search of his brother and the new nurse.
to be that way; he was positive about that. The junkies? Well, perhaps not so sympathetic, and some of them really did tick him off—he did not include the dealers, who he would have gladly rounded up and dumped into the Thames—but at some level he found himself sympathetic with many of the addicts. Who knew what circumstances in their lives had led to their first hit—or to their most recent?
He shook his head and whimpered at the pain it caused.
—bore me? “What?! No, no! Not at
“But I want…”
Forewarned is forearmed. I knew how the draught sometimes affected him. I had laid a towel on the bed and positioned a clean pot next to it. Upon observing my precautions, Mycroft, who had been standing stiffly, his back against the windows, while we tended to his brother, finally spoke up.
“You should select a tie,” he was surprised to hear. The doctor looked up at him in some bewilderment. “Shirts are logical. Ties are not,” he explained.
Sherlock was impressed with how satisfying the sound of the smashing china was. Did everyone think he was an idiot? Two bites would be more than enough to kill him.
And with that, it was as if a door that had been flung open had been slammed shut again.
“I’m sorry that frightened you,” he soothed, rubbing his brother’s back (and wincing at the feel of the bones almost literally jutting out). He was curled up against him and weeping, as he had when he was almost four years old and realising that Father Christmas was just a fantasy and his lovely new pirate sword was made in a factory in China. “We’re going home now.”
John poked disinterestedly at his dinner—poached fish and a salad. Terribly healthy. Terribly boring. He knew that having pasta three or four times a week was not very good for him, but sometimes he missed penne in a light alfredo sauce.
If they were lucky, Ian, who excelled at going undercover as a homeless person (and was once one of Sherlock’s own homeless network—a fact that only Sherlock, Mycroft, and Ian knew), would find out something about the dark-haired, strange-eyed thin man who had possibly been in the area several days prior.
When the tea tray arrived, I had knocked gently on the door that separated us and called out, “Sherlock? Would you care for some tea?” When he did not respond, I felt myself become tense and anxious. Was he well? I reached towards the door handle—and he startled me when he opened it.
“Amazon?”
“I should like to point out that, firstly, the statement in Leviticus is not part of the ‘ten commandments’ that are supposed to represent the most moral of acts—or the least moral, I suppose. Secondly, Leviticus is in the ‘Old Testament,’ and in theory, people who term themselves ‘Christian’ adhere more closely to the strictures set out in the ‘New Testament’. Our... particular behaviours
He frowned at me.
likely to encounter. I dare say I would be a bit taken aback myself if I had walked in on—well…”
Miss Helen Stoner was nearly exactly as I described her, down to the prematurely grey hair and haggard expression.
“Pock…” I stuttered—I was so taken aback by my sudden realisation that I became utterly unprofessional and inarticulate.
“After you have refreshed yourself, why not remove your boots? –Sherlock”
Sherlock had brought a nice bottle of wine and overall, it was a pleasant evening.
“Why on earth would you have purchased those?” he demanded, sitting up.
Whilst we were discussing this, Sherlock had entertained himself by apparently selecting a few books for his journey (he had muttered something about how dull the shipboard journey was unless there was a disappearance or murder or even a good theft to entertain him). However, his method of selecting the tomes was to remove each book from our crowded shelves, glance at it, then discard it as he had been discarding everything else. The pile around him was growing and he was clearly ignorant of any pain he had caused to his own (bare) feet whilst engaged in this activity. The regular thuds of the books as they fell and his still-constant speech was beginning to give me a headache.
“Mr. Bramsen’s hands are quite smooth.”
There was a man there. He wasn’t quite sure who he was, but he was short and sturdily built and he liked that. He was steady and straightforward, and he liked that, too. It made him feel quite safe. Sometimes the wind and the rain made frightening noises on the window, and the nice man had pulled the curtains shut so it wasn’t so loud.
Overcome it, he told himself, taking deep breaths. It’s just transport. Come along. Time to go—
“On the seventh day, as the Lord intended, she will rest, and she will practise her lessons.”
silent
She checked the pantry. She wanted to make biscuits the next day. She wondered if that was something Sherlock would like to help with.
it was just transport
“Finally, yes,” he sighed. “After a great deal of searching. It was a
His brother sat up even straighter (which I did not think possible). “My point is this: our mother was about your age when she began to grow increasingly erratic in her behaviour. Each fit was more intense and lasted longer than the one before. And then it became… untenable.”
He finished—three stitches—and sent off the young mother and son with follow-up instructions. Then he sat and wrote up his treatment notes—not that they were extensive—
“I’ve got a lovely egg and some toast for you. Can you sit up and have some?” Solomon asked softly.
“Yes, that occurred to me—in fact, no one else seemed to even imply that it is not a woman who visits.”
“Mother’s… illness, I believe, prevented her from attending to domestic issues.” What a chilling way to phrase it.
Etta’s new patient frowned and coughed.
Most importantly, what Mrs. Harold Bloom could not prove was the final statement in her vicious piece of correspondence, and what was, of course, our paramount concern—that the great detective and I were deviants.
There was something comforting about having it in writing, though. The marker just seemed to make it more… more real.
“And what is he up to now? Why is the house so dark?”
“Now, what about a clean shirt?” Henry asked, holding one out to show him.
“So, the reason they do not have children is... no marital relations. How does he convince Mrs. Bloom to refrain?
“What about the two men—the ones who brought him to the police station?” Sean suggested. They had been discussing ways to discover where Sherlock had been and what he had been doing between his arrival on British soil and his retrieval.
I told him all that had transpired and, even as he paced, he listened keenly.
“He means that light purple,” John interjected.
Ties. Victor’s hideous, cheap ties. Why did they all have stripes?
And the he added something so insightful that I was brought back to my senses immediately.
“And on the seventh day?”
Fabric. It was something fabric—fairly smooth.
“There is no death certificate on file,” Sherlock added. “As a doctor, such a thing would have been a trifle to conjure up. That Doctor Watson did not do so shows that he did not set out to claim that Mrs. Watson had died.”
I voiced my scepticism with some vehemence. “What led you down that particular path? The way he held his cup? His tie? Was he wearing theatrical make-up?”
Baker Street wasn’t truly home until he was there.
Mrs Parker did an admirable job of not letting her jaw drop open in shock, he noted.
“I am afraid that I cannot,” Mycroft sighed heavily. “You forget that I have a longer memory of her than you. You are lacking several years of observation of her behaviour which I possess.”
His brother had, at the age of five, carefully and accurately recorded the stages of decomposition of a mouse he had found dead in a trap. He had experimented with the effects of various household cleaners on various bodily fluids—blood, saliva, and a few even more unpleasant ones—before his tenth birthday. He eschewed children’s books and preferred to read the newspaper when other children his age could barely manage a picture book. He used his plush animals to stage murder scenes and his worn, much-loved blanket had eventually been sacrificed to observe the comparative effects of three different types of acids. Sherlock had, in short, rejected and resisted a great deal of the trappings of childhood at an early age.
“Oh.” Sherlock looked and sounded decidedly anxious. “Of course.”
brave
“That nurse who got sacked on Friday—what did she do?” he asked her.
Sherlock gave her a small, puzzled frown, looking down at his cigarette and then, rather pointedly, at his brother. He gestured to him, his lit cigarette making swirling patterns of smoke.
She scowled at me. “Man shall not live by bread—or cake—alone. We will all starve well before the house collapses under the weight of the dust. What are we going to do?”
“A slight miscalculation…” she replied, laughing weakly. It was not until later that I realised she had used a favourite expression of Sherlock’s, which he used most often in reference to unplanned swims in the Thames or noxious fumes filling the house.
[Sherlock’s codicil is plaintive and revealing:
Mycroft entered his brother’s room cautiously. His reaction to having been apprehended a second time—he had been spotted by Mycroft’s driver as they by chance followed the gardener’s mini through the gate—had been predictable. And violent.
And of course there was the sofa with its nest of blankets, haphazard collection of pillows and cushions, and the ubiquitous bin.
“We are in the kitchen,” he called out as I hastened down the stairs.
I shrugged. Many married couples did not have children—Mary and I being one.
“I… did not think…”
“I do not wish to leave you here alone if you are not yourself,” he pursued, his brow furrowed in concern.
“That’s right,” she encouraged. “These are for you.” She smiled as he eagerly accepted the brightly coloured box she held. “Go on. Open it. Shall I find some paper?”
“What made you decide?”
“You like chocolate?” Winifred asked him, steadying the hand that held the glass of milk. He did not respond in any way except to continue to work on the biscuits. He chewed agonizingly slowly.
—the feel of my lips pressed against a soft breast, I can now barely recall it.
I admit to the slightest bit of dread when reading your subterfuge about “the untimely death of the lady to whom the pledge was given,” and am relieved to tell you that I am quite whole and well while being equally grateful for you doing so in another way of “throwing off the scent.”
“Yeah.” John nodded once, firmly.
Sherlock froze in the act of stripping the silver paper from the smaller present. “Big Brother?” he echoed. “Does he know… I mean… did he…?”
Belinda’s robust voice startled me. I had been deeply involved in type-writing our latest adventure and had only been dimly aware of the bell ringing. I pushed my chair back from my desk and rushed to the top of the steps.
“I have never wished for you to be one, Sherlock,” I told him honestly. Yes, I had (and sometimes still do) flirt with the ladies I encounter. My admiration, particularly of their beauty and delicacy and elegant sense of dress, comes across in my published works—but in all honesty, it is the same admiration I feel for a particularly fine painting, or composition, or piece of writing. Yes, I did know the touch of a woman—but it was the rough hand of a common whore I had stumbled across in my once-frequent visits to Whitechapel and to whom I had handed twice the usual number of coins. Yes, I had had a wife, many years ago, and yes, we had—I cannot in honesty say “enjoyed” our marital relations, but we did engage in them.
My poor Sherlock was taking the entire situation quite badly.
Indeed, as I write this, I realise how very good he was to me about the entire debacle. He was attentive and concerned and calmed me several times when my fears threatened to overtake my mind. Even though my relationship with him was the impetus for the matter, I did not blame him, and I still do not regret one minute of our association. In fact, the way he has been acting since this incident makes all the turmoil worthwhile.
When he returned, he noted that his brother was looking at himself in the mirror curiously, as if he didn’t quite recognise himself. He dried him off as carefully as he could, brushing the towel gently over the most recent injuries, and helped him into the softest pyjamas he owned. Sherlock ran his fingers down them, apparently enjoying the feel of the soft fabric. He did the same with the dressing gown.
I will not waste your time nor mine on the social conventions. I have recently returned from travelling in America—particularly New York—and you know very well who I saw there.
“I’m to get you a new mobile,” Anthea stated. “And a laptop.”
“Oh, please. I do know that on top of everything else you’ve been going through nicotine withdrawals. You were probably smoking like a chimney the entire time you were gone. Did it at least take the edge off?”
I wished it was my darling who was at my side.
I felt a sharp pain in my chest.
What had he been doing? He had been doing so well, hadn’t he? After his visit to Bart’s and the subsequent little detour, he had set out with a goal, but now it had slipped away from him.
John Watson sighed and shoved his mobile into his jacket pocket. With everything that had been going on—constant cases and increasingly intrusive media coverage—he’d barely even begun holiday preparations beyond deciding that they would
“Breathing,” he said.
“Did you go out without gloves?”
Greg Lestrade had been a Detective Inspector for a few years now—he had been so proud of achieving that title at a relatively young age—and in his movement up the ranks of the Yard from lowly constable he had had more than his fill of junkies. More than his fill of lunatics. However, unlike many of his colleagues, he found that for the most part he was not disgusted by them. For the most part, the mentally ill ones at least were just that—none of them
“We will have to rely on the good doctor to take over his care,” he said firmly.
“Belinda, I am so sorry, but Mr Holmes has had a small argument with the fireplace.” I indicated the mess he had left. That the mess was more from his efforts to clean up than from the original situation was the only thing keeping me from shouting at him. I had banished him to his bedroom, however.
The following few days were rather blissfully peaceful. Belinda arrived each morning to make breakfast, and then did the cleaning and whatever else it was that Mrs Hudson had been doing to make our home so pleasant. Our landlady handled all the ordering and accounts, as she always had, and, as she was limited to those activities she could perform whilst seated, she caught up on a great deal of mending and even began a new set of antimacassars for our own settee.
“Yes. Go on.”
Please do write back to me and tell me what I can do to rectify my oversight. I do not wish for the reputation of Mr. Holmes or yourself to be soiled by this error.
Mrs Hudson chose the third applicant. As my duties now included responding to the bell, I had had the opportunity to meet each of them, and of course joined our landlady in her interview with each. She had had Sherlock move her to her tidy sitting room for the interviews. She had been distressed but also saw the need to be on the settee, where she could decorously keep her foot raised. I believe that she made quite an impressive figure like this—something like Cleopatra, perhaps—and she laughed herself quite giddy when I suggested this.
[Sherlock has noted:
?! Who the hell do we got here—James Bond?”
“Your landlady sent me a message.”
Now, his hand shaking painfully, his brother offered him a slightly mashed piece of folded paper. Mycroft unfolded it curiously. Would it be another page of numbers and equations? A crayoned image of a dark-haired man strung up by his wrists, his sinewy arms spread painfully in a horrific echo of a crucifixion image?
Oh, God. What was I going to do? For there in the room with us were not just our client but his maid-of-all-work as well. She was barely eighteen from what I could determine and still had a bit of the roundness of young girlhood to her face. I saw no other option.
“Are you all right? It was just a new nurse. No one’s going to hurt you,” the woman informed him. “Calm down. Deep breaths. That’s it. I know—your heart is racing and you feel like you can’t breathe. Try to relax. You’re fine. You’re safe.”
“It might.”
“We must keep the injuries clean,” I instructed.
He peered down at himself. He was naked and tied to Victor’s bed with…
Matilda looked at the slender, rather-handsome-in-that-pasty-English-guy-way man and was struck by the sincerity in his voice and on his face. From what she had gathered, he had been a part of the household for years and seemed to know her patient and his boss well. Although she had immediately taken a liking to (and trusted) the housekeeper, she felt that it was important to respect as much input from as many sources as possible when it came to her patient, whose condition quite frankly horrified her. A quiet, proper dinner in the—had he really said the “small” dining room? There was more than one dining room? –sounded quite nice. “I think that’s an excellent idea,” she agreed.
But every single time, he found himself drawing a complete blank, and then his head would start to feel like someone was piercing it through with a harpoon and his stomach would churn and more often than not he would end up kneeling over the toilet and then accepting the toothbrush offered by whoever it was who had gotten stuck with that shift.
he wondered. It was intolerable. He was on the sofa in Mycroft’s bedroom—and wearing his brother’s pyjamas. It was about two o’clock in the morning, according to two of the three clocks scattered through the room. He wasn’t sure how long he had been imprisoned in the huge house, but it had been long enough. He wanted to go home.
“Even when you are counting forks?”
Sherlock nodded.
“What? Why would you do such a thing?” He glared at me in disbelief and fury. “How could you? I have no need of such... extreme measures.”
“That seems a rather mundane thing,” I commented. “What enticed you to take the case?”
Once I was certain that it was she, I did then reach out and touch her arm. She turned to me and instantly recognised me. I thought that she was going to faint. But then she rallied and smiled at me and greeted me by name.
It took a bit of negotiating, but eventually there we were—I seated on the bed, Mycroft in the chair by the fireplace (after a period of observation, he had allowed Henry to make up the fire, and the room was slowly warming), and Sherlock pacing between us, with brief detours towards the windows. True to his word, he had not approached either of the doors.
[This portion was recorded in the midst of the event.]
I kissed the delicate shell of his ear. “Highest marks, my love,” I whispered into it. I thought I was finally in the clear, and that our horrid conversation was over.
As he grew, he absorbed attention of any sort the same way. He loved anything thrown his way—by age two he was aware that his big brother (whom he idolised) got something called “good marks” that were a subject of praise, and while he was delighted to congratulate him (Mycroft had a distinct memory of his baby brother, not 100% toilet-trained, toddling up to him and hugging his knees in congratulations over some silly foreign language award), when he began receiving similar accolades, at first he had absolutely loved it.
“Get up,” I ordered as soon as I entered our sitting room. It was stuffy and the pipe smoke was creating a haze that obscured the corners. He sat up, a look of astonishment on his face.
He turned towards me and I spread my arms wide. He almost dove into my lap, immediately curling up with his head on my shoulder. I rubbed his back.
And then his expression changed.
I embraced him more tightly. “I always read your letters; you know that,” I chided. “That is not the reason you did not send it. Will you come sit with me and tell me what happened to change your mind about it?”
The outgoing nurse handed the new one a clipboard covered in notes. She reviewed the entire situation and Sherlock’s condition swiftly. It was apparent that they had worked together before. Mrs Parker was a bit surprised at the mixture of medical terminology and much softer words— “poor love” and “sweet boy” hardly seemed professional, but instead of making her uneasy, she found it reassuring. Clearly Winifred truly cared about her patient. Good. The new nurse listened intently and nodded, flipping through the sheets on the clipboard rapidly.
“Whoops. All right, mate,” Solomon sighed as he managed to get the bin under his chin in time.
“I mean, sir, that neither you nor I are going to breathe one word of all of the
“Hey! You all right?” he blurted out as he grabbed one alarmingly thin arm. The young man in front of him took a deep breath, closing his eyes for a moment. “Is it the… don’t look at it if it bothers you,” he instructed, gently turning him away from the sight of the body being lifted into the bag.
I managed perhaps three hours of sleep last night, and that, combined with the battle we have just fought—for that is what it was—has made my head ache. I do not wish to dwell on the content of our discussion just now.
“For now,” Sherlock replied—a bit smugly.
“Yes… of course. Just went down the wrong pipe,” I replied, clearing my throat. “So a poisoner but not a murderess?”
He nodded, frowning. “My?” he asked for the tenth time that afternoon.
typing chair cushion tea milk skull fridge shouting cupboards dishes biscuits books desk papers tidying bathing
“What?” I asked, stupidly.
“I should think that that is fairly obvious.” The smile was small and sad.
“This is one of those things I should not share outside of our rooms,” he stated. “At least, it seems to be.”
So now as he entered, I could instantly observe that he was, if not suffering terribly from it, at least uncomfortable from the heat. He removed his coat and hat, then looked down on himself in some surprise. I rose and went to assist him.
“In a manner of speaking,” I hedged.
“You old charmer,” the housekeeper had smiled back affectionately.
“Sherlock, we have spoken about this many times,” I reminded him. He looked at me longingly and I sighed. “You know that my attitude towards following the letter of the law has changed.”
“I thought it would be a nice change from that old set,” he replied, tipping his head towards the bookcase in which the cardboard-and-plastic set resided.
Sherlock considered this for a long time before he hesitantly nodded. He was now pale and shaking and desperately in need of sleep. They led him into the next room and he stood, swaying in place, as Mycroft summoned his housekeeper to bring some blankets.
Fucking weirdo brothers.
That was all I needed to hear. “Sherlock, I’ve got some splendid news for you,” I called out. “I will be going with you after all.”
“Precisely. Up.” I rose, sliding him off my lap and to his feet. He obediently began to head towards his bedroom. I grabbed his hand and spun him so that he was facing me. “You realise that we will not have a new maid for a few days?” I whispered, placing my face close to his.
“Mm. Yes. Shakespeare’s works are quite full up with those.” He took a drink and, with just the tip of his tongue, thoughtfully licked a droplet of wine from his top lip.
Two hours.
“Do you think you can manage him?” Anthea sounded sceptical.
“I am sorry, John.” His apology startled and alarmed me.
Sherlock leaned forward, observing his face closely. “What
They were interrupted by a polite knock at the door. He had jumped and ducked behind her, peering cautiously around her to see who was at the door. It was Mrs Parker, the housekeeper.
She had been a nurse for many years; she specialised in patients with traumatic brain injuries from accidents; illness; stroke. She had seen it all—a woman unable to recognise her husband, children, or parents; an up-and-coming footballer with constant tremors, slurred speech, and a ruined career; a fifty-something, Oxford-educated businessman who now spoke with what could be called a Norwegian accent.
It would have been simpler if Mycroft could have called on the police to assist in the retrieval, but that was obviously out of the question. He was grateful that his brother was apparently still not speaking; it made it less likely that news of the return of the great detective would be revealed before it was appropriate.
“Whatever can you mean?” I demanded.
Someone—someone else had done that. Gotten him chips. Complained that he put too much vinegar on them. Told him to eat his fish.
“Can we just stay like this until I am sure that you are really home again and you know that I am truly sorry for what I said?”
about them, and want him to
“Why didn’t you tell me what you had in mind sooner?” he asked quietly.
“Do you ever wonder about some of those coincidences?” Etta mused. “Sherlock, love, leave that and come sit down.”
“This doesn’t mean I’ll play with you,” the doctor added. Their few attempts at Sherlock instructing John in the game had nearly ended in violence more than once.
“I… you… you would not come with me?” he asked weakly.
I was only too happy to comply.
“Honestly, I never would have thought it of you—being an ex-soldier and all.”
“So, you are… approximately the same age as Mycroft Holmes,” I realised.
Mycroft’s butler and two footmen greeted us at the door, and it took all three of them to get my darling into the house and into what would become our rooms.
“And,” she continued, “if he doesn’t take one bite of anything, no one will force him or beg him or reason with him or humiliate him. I’ll see to that. So, watch yourself. Now, I have things to do.” And she turned and left her alone.
I knew that there was no need of hot water for a bath. The water in the pitcher on his stand would be tepid, and that was exactly what I desired. I poured some into the bowl and found his sponge. Then I partially unfolded one towel and placed it on the floor. “I should be doing this in the bath-room,” I remarked, “as the linoleum floor is doubtless a better surface for this purpose, but I shall take everything up when we are done and all will be well. Stand there,” I ordered.
“It’s Mycroft.”
“Well... I did...” she faltered, looking imploringly at her husband.
He placed the books in a tidy stack on the floor, where Sherlock could easily reach them from the sofa.
“Whatever do you mean?” Mr. Bloom demanded, showing the most passion he had all evening.
Since that time, we have, of course, been guests in the very rooms which I describe here, but we all have deliberately not referenced our very first stay in them since that time, and indeed, Mycroft has had some things changed—there is different paper and curtains and other frippery, and now the electric lights—so the suite is quite different to my eyes.
There were people he wanted to talk to.
“And what problem was that?”
Receiving no reply to my call, I headed up our steps, wanting nothing more than to strip to my vest and drawers and lie on the bed in my darkened room.
“Oh, no. We certainly cannot impose on her,” I agreed.
“You do know that he can tell me, don’t you?” she demanded.
His brother—who had been tortured and used and assumed about and…
“Holmes?” I called out. “Are you all right? I told him not to disturb you.”
“Both of those are from Big Brother.”
In the case of Sherlock Holmes (he had honestly not believed that was his real name at first; he thought it was some nickname or street name, like Shezza was), after five years, he still didn’t know the man’s entire story.
Sherlock Holmes is a great man. He is the most intelligent, brave, and stalwart man I have ever known.
John cracked up and Sherlock joined him—he was in a playful mood and the doctor was delighted.
I felt positively ill. I fervently kissed his head now, and moved my arms up and down his bony back to assure myself that he was whole and well. “Whatever can you mean?” I finally managed to gasp. “Surely you do not intend to imply that he tried to kill you.”
“Something about the length of my arms, sir.”
“How long has he been back?” He brushed the familiar curls away from the pale forehead.
“What about them?” So, he did have family. He had thought so. The clothing; the public school accent. Had probably been to university.
As promised, Mrs Thatcher rang our bell at approximately three o’clock. I was sitting with Mrs Hudson, taking down the rather daunting list of tasks she considered “most crucial” to keeping the house in some sort of order until she was recuperated. I admit to being both mystified and humbled by the bewildering myriad of things that had to be cleaned, organised, fetched, ordered, and prepared.
He would sit on the floor on some cushions and stare into the fire, his legs pulled up to his chest and his arms wrapped tightly around them. Sometimes he would rock and sometimes he would pull at his hair.
Well, not precisely. We talked around it, rather.
“Sherlock, it wouldn’t kill you to call your brother.”
“Yes, that is precisely what I mean. But now—we have done it, have we not? Even with a few unfortunate… incidents, between my servants, the hired attendants, and of course the fine doctor here, for the most part it has been mostly manageable.”
John was beginning to feel overheated and hungry and overloaded with the suffocating mixture of voices, music, and not-always-pleasant scents surrounding them. He couldn’t fathom how his mate had remained, at least for him,
That was unbearable.
The nurses stared at one another in surprise. The thin man had been coming out with bits of words—sometimes just an initial sound or syllable—but this was the first time he was not just attempting to ask or answer a direct, concrete question. He was adding to their conversation; participating in it. And it made sense.
He was so slight. Henry managed to carry him into the next room by himself. He deposited him on the bed there (which I of course had been sleeping in those nights that I had been separated from Sherlock—it occurs to me as I write this now that we had been sharing the bed without issue; this was before we were what we are to each other now, and it was entirely innocent) (and rather uncomfortable—sharing with Sherlock in that state was what I imagine it would be like to share a bed with a windmill) (I had bruises).
Hadn’t wanted to ask.
He had been edging closer to his bedroom, clearly hoping to slip in and finish his packing. “Nothing!” he exclaimed guiltily.
“Leave that pipe,” I instructed, locking the door to the corridor. “Come sit down.”
“Excellent!” he exclaimed.
“Well, the first thing, I suppose, is why you have never mentioned him—or rather, why he has commanded you and Mrs Hudson not to mention him.”
He felt a sharp pain in his wrist as he twisted it away from whoever it was who had grabbed it. Ignore it, he told himself. It’s just transport. He had to get out of there.
[Sherlock has added a note to the margin:
“You did not have a reason to,” he pointed out rather sulkily, shoving the beaker away from himself and staring down at the battered table top. “You did not have to go away.”
“I… sometimes I…”
John stared dumbly at the delicate china plate with its display of custard creams and some sort of chocolate ones, thoughtful. What during the past six weeks had the nurse so distracted? Sherlock would have been able to deduce something about her—
“I am sorry about all the work,” I repeated. I had been watching her in some fascination as she efficiently tackled the ashes that had been rubbed into the hearthrug. “I am not even certain what he was doing in the first place.”
Sherlock considered this before nodding slowly. He was not entirely sure why he was in his brother’s bedroom anyway, and he longed for some privacy. There was someone who he liked sharing with, though. Wasn’t there?
And then, with a heart-breaking wail of despair, he thrust himself at the windows, the blanket slipping from his slender body as he lifted his hands up and slammed them onto the glass.
The third, shaped like an enormous bourbon biscuit—well, that one actually held biscuits, and he ate one while pondering his next move.
It is not a laziness. It is a weight so heavy that simply lifting one’s head becomes a Herculean task that no mere mortal can accomplish.
“Is there someone we can summon to assist in our predicament?” I wondered.
brave
“He was… agitated,” the nurse explained. “I’ve given him something to calm him down.”
We were once neighbours. You and your wife visited us several times for supper and some light musical entertainment. I recall her distinctly noting that you enjoyed those sorts of evenings, but little else in the way of normal pursuits.
“I forgot.”
“Yes.” His voice, strained and low, was beginning to cause me some concern, and I fought to keep my own level.
“That is dreadful—it is as if you were not permitted to mourn for them.”
“Oh, all right,” she agreed. She sat herself neatly in the wicker chair we usually used for clients and, playing the host, I happily poured and placed into her hand a glass of the iced claret punch. It glistened prettily in the afternoon light.
“Come with me,” the nurse was saying, folding the blankets down and taking his hand. He jerked away from her and immediately regretted the sudden motion. “Oh, dear,” she murmured. He presumed that his face was pale. He could feel that it was pale—and growing more so.
“Mm… apologise to Mrs Hudson?”
What happened?”
“Oh, thank goodness—” I attempted.
“I have come to realise—through her most excellent service—that although I did miss terribly cooking for you and Himself, I found it quite a relief not to have to do the really heavy cleaning. I am not getting any younger—no, let me finish (for I nearly interrupted her with an objection to this statement), and my back and my knees could do without the worst of it. So, Belinda will come in three days a week and tend to those tasks here, and three days at Mrs Turner’s, and that will allow her to manage well enough.”
I would not have been so cynical if he had been exhibiting signs of melancholia, but smoking his pipe and complaining was Sherlock in a sulk, and I had no sympathy for that.
“He thought it would be best to leave us to ourselves today.”
He raised his eyebrows and inclined his head slightly towards me. My mind raced on. “So...” I began slowly, “the paradox observed in the Bloom household is that, when Mrs. Bloom is away, the deliveries remain unchanged?”
Do you even remember that?
To see him curled up with the doctor on their sofa, gazing at a children’s programme or listening to him read aloud; to watch as he became completely engaged and calm whilst building with blocks or colouring…
There was a second note, neatly deposited on my plate.
“Not hungry. Not tired.”
He adored hugs and cuddles and kisses and a firm but gentle hand rubbing his back. He was a bit quirky about food in a way that Mycroft had never been, and of course he was so very easily overstimulated, but he seemed to crave affection.
“Is that how you’re justifying it?” His gaze was so fierce that he blinked.
I could confer with Mrs. Hudson. She is undoubtably blunter with me than even with her sister. With the situations in which we have found ourselves over the years, this have proven to be a mixed blessing.
And then, there he was. A short, angry, unlikely ex-Army captain and doctor with a psychosomatic limp, nerves of steel, and an attraction to danger had entered his brother’s life, and suddenly everything was, if not perfect, so very much better.
My own mouth had fallen open in astonishment at this point, and I observed a faint film of perspiration on the brow of Mr. Bloom, but my darling remained the example of a perfect English gentleman—he took a sip of his tea.
“Because he’s been just as worried about you as I have.”
“How precisely do you determine that you are a moral woman? Have you cultivated a specific collection of manners? Have you made a study of honourable and criminal behaviours? Are you more concerned with that which is ethical or that which is virtuous? Are your beliefs applied equally to all people, or do you expect a different standard from certain levels of society?”
That and feigning interest in the endless samples of hideously overly floral and fussy china; the unnecessarily heavy crystal goblets; and the ludicrous abundance of fish knives and ice cream spoons with elaborately detailed handles the cleaning of which would be any butler’s nightmare prevented me from examining, again and again and of course fruitlessly, my situation with Sherlock.
And heaps of glistening marmalade on soldiers of toast.
What was he wearing? Good suit; inferior coat and gloves. A hat? Really?
[Sherlock’s notation:
Sherlock had followed me almost immediately, revealing his genuine concern for me and my sudden departure. Nothing but his great care for me can pull him away from an investigation when he is hot on a scent. His reluctance to leave me alone and return to the scene spoke volumes.
I nodded. I saw no other way to manage him—I knew that I could not do so myself.
His brother had switched from pencil back to crayons and was currently drawing what could only be a map. Mycroft watched with interest as he put down the blue crayon with which he was working—was he drawing bodies of water? —and took up a green one.
It had taken a bit of time, of course, but finally the attraction he felt every minute that he was with the doctor had been reciprocated—reciprocated in rather glorious ways. God, he missed those ways.
At that point I laid a calming hand on his arm, and he shot me a grateful look and took a breath.
Sherlock’s moods are mercurial and often inexplicable. I do not exaggerate in my published writings when I describe the passionate energy and focus that accompanies a case, nor the plunge into lethargy that follows. In fact, I have treated some of these periods more lightly than the truth of them warrants. It is not just during a case, or just for a case, that he eschews nourishment and sleep. Sometimes his brilliant mind is, as he has described, like a racing engine, and it spins and spins in a frankly frightening manner. During those manias, he speaks so quickly I cannot understand him; he cannot stand still, let alone sit or sleep.
It has been some time since I wrote about this terrible period in our lives. I have all the bits I managed to put down whilst in the midst of it all, and I now intend to go back and fill in the missing pieces to the best of my ability. I will not, however, rewrite or revise any of my original notes—they speak so much to our conditions of both body and mind that I value their immediacy.
Day 8—Tuesday, 11:22 a.m.
“I was named after some great-great-great something Uncle Henry for some reason. I’ve never quite forgiven my parents for it,” she explained merrily. “Although it was rather prescient—he was an attendant in one of those old Victorian madhouses—a sort of psychiatric nurse, if you can believe it.”
Sherlock and I were in love deeply, passionately, hopelessly, and the day he died my entire being cracked in two and I do not believe that anything can or will ever repair it.
“I was just wondering if he wanted to come down and have something to eat,” she explained. She looked over at him. “Hello, Sherlock,” she called out. “I’ve got some very nice soup if you want to come downstairs and have some.” He considered this, frowning. “It’s a cream soup,” she added enticingly, “with lovely carrots all blended up the way you like, and some ginger.” He considered some more, clearly wishing to be cajoled. “And I’ve gotten some of it on my nice white pinny—carrots stain so—do you think you could help me find something to get the stain out?”
“Sherlock, whatever is the matter? Why are you so distressed?” I inquired.
“No—indeed, it made me feel all that much closer to you, and now, sharing this information about myself makes me feel closer still.”
“Of course not,” he protested.
“Come along, John. The game is afoot!”
“Yes, I do know that. Forgive me. My husband is correct—my thoughts are disordered. I am unable to act as wife or mother.”
Yes, I was certain then—her feet were as bare as my own.
“Do not… do not leave me,” he managed.
John pushed his healthy dinner away from himself, pushed himself away from the table, and just sat for a while, staring at nothing.
Now, as I watched her apply some sort of mysterious fluid to a rag and rub it briskly on the carpet, I shook my head in amusement. Only in our household.
Tonight, he would be reading
“You know what I meant,” I sighed. “Why are you cooking? Where is the maid?”
“It was sheer coincidence that we followed Malcolm through the gate,” Benjamin reflected. He and the gardener were in Mrs Parker’s kitchen with Ian and Sean, each gratefully cradling a hot cup of tea. It was late, but none of them were willing to retire. Sean had sent the still-woozy nurse home in a taxi, shaking his head sharply at Benjamin’s offer to drive her.
was a blast.”
Sherlock carefully maneuvered the glass to his lips (it was only half full; no sense in tempting fate with his dodgy hands) and swallowed some, then cautiously put it back on the table and reached for the small ramekin in front of him. He grasped the small spoon she had provided and began to spoon the soft chocolate mousse into his mouth.
“Yes, he will, and he as much as I and as much as you long for the day that you
His patient had curled up on the bed, his knees up and his arms wrapped around his legs, and he was rocking himself. “Oh, jeez. I’m sorry. Let’s get you dressed.”
,” the DL insisted.
She snorted. “I’ve got five sons and a granddaughter—and a grandson on the way—and if the poor man needs a bit of mothering I am happy to be able to offer it.”
He shook his head.
I considered her for a few moments. I know that other doctors, presented with a similar case, would probably offer laudanum or something similar. I knew that those cases, more often than not, ended not in the relief of the sufferer, but instead in the deepest of sorrow for the patient’s family. I considered a stimulant, but was not certain of the effects. What if it simply exacerbated her feelings?
“And about the ill will which existed between my father and my mother due to... those circumstances.”
I pressed my lips together to avoid laughing—does the man ever encounter anything that he does not question? “It probably has something to do with warmth, or maybe feeling another’s heartbeat or breathing—nearly all creatures gain comfort from close contact with another,” I answered glibly. Why did it feel so good? I cannot think of a better explanation now.
After that he gave me a brief description of his entry into the job, and how he had in his own time studied and inquired and read and even interviewed inmates, seeking better insight into their madness whilst attempting to simultaneously improve their circumstances and treatment.
I also understand that I deserve to feel as awful as I do. I cannot eat or sleep. I am unable to concentrate. I have turned away clients. The only thing that calms me—that drives away the thoughts about all the horrible things I have done and said to you that constantly barrage me—is one of the very things that you despise.
“What, my love?”
“It is understandable,” he remarked. “You wished to detach yourself from an untenable situation. No one bears you a grudge, including myself.”
Mrs Parker had brought up cheddar-and-tomato sandwiches (crusts removed and cut into triangles) and milk; two small dishes with a rather daring apple-and-pear sort of relish. She knew that her boss wouldn’t be thrilled—some broiled fish and a glass of wine would have been his choice—but he would gamely consume the meal to both model for and encourage his brother. She was more than gratified when she went up to retrieve the dishes later and discovered them empty.
“What happened to it?” John asked guilelessly.
familiar
“No.”
Sherlock caught a glimpse of his brother and turned his head, scowling.
“Eat… your dinner.”
So, what would happen if he suddenly demanded that Victor untie him or he’d piss the bed?
“Goes awry?” Mrs Parker questioned with a quirked eyebrow. She paused in placing the tea tray on his desk. “You mean if you can’t get Dr Watson there.”
He nodded.
Instead, I admitted defeat. Dragging myself up from my shaded seat, my coat draped over my arm, I approached Mr. Harper, who was staring in some amazement as Sherlock demonstrated that, due to the defective latch, it was almost child’s play to gain entry directly into the gentleman’s dining room.
It was unbearable. Two escape attempts in one day—he had somehow managed to slip out again, this time toward the end of the evening shift with yet another new nurse—infuriated Mycroft while simultaneously alarming him. It was dark and rainy, and he had gone out both times without a coat.
God, the things that that had revealed.
Dinner arrived at seven o’clock and with it, the elder brother. I was rather surprised at his appearance, but he explained that his urgent business being accomplished, he had wished to continue our conversation. I became rather tense at this, as did my friend.
“I’m not. I wrote to Father Christmas and they appeared here, completely by magic.”
“You saved her little Lucy’s life last year, Doctor. She would probably be delighted to be able to do something for you.”
I nodded my understanding as I began to gently cleanse his thin chest.
“Mm,” she agreed. “Any idea how long he’ll be here?”
“And what was his reaction?” I inquired.
I considered my response. I felt that it was terribly important to use exactly the right words—the words that would have the greatest effect. “I would be heartbroken,” I told him, quite honestly. “I would miss you and worry about you dreadfully.”
He tried shouting for John
As always, kissing him was a glorious thing, and I congratulated myself for having come up with a mutually pleasing activity.
“You are also supposed to ensure that he eats and sleeps and doesn’t injure himself and doesn’t go
I must admit that, despite her less-admirable characteristics, I cannot fault Mrs. Bloom’s tenacity. Her eyes flashing with anger, she drew herself up and addressed my love quite directly. “Mr. Holmes, I find what you imply disgusting. Clearly I am a moral woman because I both avoid injurious acts
I have approached the issue by attempting to focus and stimulate his mind—to engage that racing engine. I search the newspapers for intriguing headlines. I scan the agony columns. I scrabble about on the floor for discarded letters of enquiry. Unfortunately, when such a mood is upon him, he not only dismisses my comments and offers—he openly distains them. He insults my intelligence and my motivation—my professions; more recently my vacillation pertaining to our special arrangements. I admit it—even though I know that he does not truly mean what he says at those moments, his barbed tongue is painful. I have discarded this approach entirely.
I nodded in agreement and, stepping through the dressing room and up to the door that had been locked behind my friend two days earlier. The attendants had been using this door to bring him his meals, rather than the one opening directly to the corridor, in the hopes that if he did attempt to escape, the intervening doors and furniture of our “sitting room” would hopefully slow his progress enough that someone would have some chance of stopping him.
“That is not my intention at all, and you know it,” I shot back. Now that I had truly committed to my proposal, I was quite clear at least within myself—I knew what I wanted. “Come sit here on my lap.”
“Where is he now?” Solomon asked.
What was going on? He had been having a nice time with the babysitter—Daddy must have had to go to work. She had liked his drawing and read to him and didn’t shout at him even when he had spilled some of his soup. Then he had gotten tired, so he had very happily curled up with her to look at his book some more.
It took him the next half-hour (managing rolling crayons with shaking hands was a bit tricky), but when he was done, all sixty-four crayons were arranged meticulously by colour.
“No, John.”
tenants, but beyond a few rounds of revolver shots and the occasional homicidal maniac coming to tea, we could most certainly not be termed
“I am kneading dough,” she agreed, “but I am not going against your orders.” She tipped her head down, and I followed her gaze to observe that she was resting her knee upon the chair that stood next to her at the table.
Neat.
“Thank you. That being said, can you please—they died of smallpox; is that correct?”
Shouldn’t it be someone else doing that? Someone shorter, with dark eyes and sort of blond, sort of grey hair?
The prawn cocktail starter was a hit; it was perfectly acceptable to eat them with one’s fingers and no one expected him to try the tomato-ketchup-based dipping sauce.
Finally, I had carefully bandaged the wounded limb and delicately dropped the edge of the long skirt over it.
“Two,” I answered truthfully.
“I believe it is time that we retired, my love.”
by himself
It would seem to be an advantage to have so much energy, except when it manifests as his does: he whirls about our rooms, uncharacteristically clumsy with impatience. He cannot settle down to read—not even the briefest of stories in the newspaper. His bright eyes flit from line to line, barely touching on them; not absorbing a bit. He is so jittery and on edge that he cannot use his delicate scientific instruments. He cannot sit with me to eat, and instead takes a bite or two whilst standing (if I am lucky), then flits away from the table.
“I did not consider that,” he admitted.
“It’s easier for m—”
Therefore, the beginning of our interview was, on the surface, quite normal and respectable. Who rises from the table—who introduces whom—who pours the tea—what topics of conversation are acceptable—is all spelled out, and I found myself rather numbly following these social “orders” quite the way I once did military ones. Thus, the conversation was as perfectly banal and correct as one could ever imagine—the weather, the latest flurry in Parliament, the health of the Queen, the accuracy of the railway schedules—filled the time. Sherlock was being especially charming—obviously by design, but charming nonetheless. He made a particular point of addressing himself directly to Mr. Bloom—laughing at his amusing comments; agreeing with his observations.
“Oh? I wish to hear all about it—but first, my love, I suspect that you are quite uncomfortable.”
The shaking was definitely diminished.
How can I explain this? I am not entirely sure what has happened, or how it happened. It is so unlikely that I must write it down now or tomorrow I will not believe that it did happen.
They had headed back up to his room. Yes, he was tired—he was clumsy ascending the stairs. As soon as they were in his room, he climbed back on the bed, looking hopefully at the book they had laid down there.
And now a trip to Harrods. Was that significant? Did it mean anything?
The single red rose—I did not have to be an expert at the language of flowers to know that it signified romantic love. But did it not also mean something else? Perhaps I could visit a florist’s shop or find a girl selling nosegays and ask.
There were two crayoned images with a more primitive look—he likened the style to that of a five-year-old, perhaps—but the content of both was something he fervently hoped no five-year-old would ever encounter. He was not certain which was more disturbing—the one featuring piles of automatic weapons or the one of scattered shapes in shades of red and black.
Anthea, standing quietly to the side, endlessly texting, paused for the briefest moment and would swear that it was to get something out of her eye—an eyelash, perhaps. A bit of dust.
“I am trying to understand why people put such great value on some things.”
I was instantly sorry for mentioning that case. I hate to admit it now, but I believe I did so simply because I was feeling so dreadful and knew that a reference to The Woman would make him feel miserable as well.
I knew that I should be beside him, taking notes and praising his efforts (that he preens and blushes so prettily when I do so always makes me laugh), but I was simply not up to the task—did I really just write that?
“Can you watch him a few minutes? I have to check on something,” the nurse had requested, and she had nodded. He had gone back and retrieved the atlas; he had noted what page had frightened the thin man so much, and now he examined it more carefully. It was a map of western Europe—the familiar shapes and names of the countries didn’t tell him anything. Shelving the book once again, he returned to the kitchen and was now observing his patient in some amazement.
His brother—who he had personally sent through a life-size cheese grater and who had come out pretty much the only way he could have. His brother—who had been living on the rarely-used sofa in his bedroom.
“Doctor Watson, I presume?” he intoned, striding into the room. He removed his hat and gloves and made a bow to me. I noticed that he carried a walking stick with an elaborate silver head.
His name is Henry; his accent is something from the north. He stands upright but easily; never stiff. He is muscular but not as massive as some of the others; it brings to mind a Percheron as opposed to the Clydesdale draught-horses who otherwise attend us.
Five years. That was a blink of an eye in some ways, and a lifetime in others. He was a Detective Lieutenant back then and already putting in the hours that would get him promoted. That they would also eventually ruin his second marriage and relationship with his children—had he seen the writing on the wall back then?
“Well,
Sure enough, after he had rubbed the needle across the magnet a good number of times, he carefully inserted it through the circle of paper and dropped it onto the surface of the water in the bowl, then watched with the slightest smile on his face as it spun slowly around.
“What’s the matter, sweetheart?” Solomon demanded in concern, and Winifred couldn’t help smiling at the endearment.
I plunged ahead. “I mean sit here with me in my chair,” I explained.
I did, if I am only asserting it to myself, follow his instructions, such as they were. Yes, they were decidedly vague, and I enacted upon them to the best of my ability and the situation. He would do horribly commanding a military campaign with statements such as “you will conceal yourself near Charlington Heath” and “inquire as to the occupants of the Hall.” He did, in fact, instruct me to act as my own judgement advised, and I most certainly did so.
“You had remained in the house after her passing?” I wondered.
“No—just interested. It was in the papers. She was not a very good poisoner, as it turned out. She had been at it for twenty years before the poor fellow finally expired.”
Winifred couldn’t help it. She chuckled heartily at the younger man’s discomfiture. Young men were so easily embarrassed by what were perfectly ordinary feelings and behaviours. “He’s a grown man and so are you,” she soothed. “It’s normal.”
She does like receiving our letters even if, she admitted, Sherlock’s do not always make sense. She knows that he is desperately ill and that his brother and I are taking the best care of him that we can manage. Still, she does worry about him so, and then she was so very blunt.
He felt the needle go in
They wouldn’t be bothering him or his friends again.
“What will you be doing?” he demanded.
Paris
“This is really a nice set,” John commented. “Thanks again.”
He nodded. “Ah, yes. Thank you, Doctor Watson. I apologise, Mrs. Bloom. Of course, you have no need of avoiding those behaviours to which you are not privy. But I am sure that even the most pious woman is occasionally tempted... perhaps a bit of envy towards a neighbour with a nicer garden? An acquaintance with a new hat?”
He did not seem inclined to move even after I unwrapped myself from his gaunt frame, so I gently tugged him across the room by his hand. Not releasing him, I sat in my favourite chair. He now stood in front of me, still not looking at my face. “I want you here,” I indicated, patting my leg. “I want to hold you.”
“She did not understand the Queen’s English,” she replied tersely.
He did have some gift shopping to do, anyway.
has never wanted for you to go.”
Yes, that was it. That was what he had to do. He had to get away. His heart began to pound even harder as he took a deep, ragged breath through his mouth.
“When that viper… when we discovered that its venom had done its work on that horrible man—is it wicked of me to say that I was not just relieved, but glad of it?”
Mycroft gave a sharp nod and led the way out into the hallway. The nurse shut the light and closed the bedroom door almost completely, but he positioned himself so he could still see his patient through the remaining opening. “What is it?” the government man asked in some concern. “You know that he was quite agitated last night. He had to be sedated.”
I frowned. This was, as she said, unexpected, but I still could not discern the nature of her indiscretion. “This does not seem quite a disaster,” I remarked in puzzlement.
“Now, I presume you have my correspondence somewhere?” I inquired as we returned to our sitting room.
“And what have you noticed?” the doctor asked patiently.
the roof the roof the roof
He supposed that offering suggestions on how to treat their injuries afterwards was a bit obnoxious, even for him, but he just couldn’t resist.
“No. I left it behind.”
The man had given him a look when he saw the ugly marks on his legs, but it wasn’t a mean look. He had seemed angry, but not at Sherlock. Was he cross with the bad men who had made those marks?
No—this is for my own remembrance. What I wanted to do was to reach out and hold him in my arms. I wanted to draw him into my lap and gaze into his eyes. I wanted to kiss his forehead and check him for illness and remove his formal clothing and get him into a soft nightshirt and tuck him into his bed.
Oh, God, how I so wanted to release myself.
He sighed and nestled himself even closer to me.
“You decorated.”
We sat in silence for a few moments. Finally, he spoke, and his voice sounded as if it was coming from a great distance.
Mycroft stretched in his chair—he was even taller than Sherlock and his legs seemed to go on for miles—before offering me a cup of tea from the tray that had just been brought into his private study. He had sent for me to join him. Sherlock was engaged in writing something—I believe it was chemical equations—and barely noticed as I was let out of our rooms. It was the first time we had been able to discuss the situation in private.
His maid scurried behind us, rather agape at the entire morning’s proceedings, but she blew smartly enough on her whistle and almost immediately a cab was before us.
You will recall that the coroner found no fang marks on her—there was no apparent means by which the creature injected its deadly poison. I should have realised the significance of this at the time, but my grief overcame my sense.
Sherlock was true to his word and behaved himself fairly well. I had lifted my ban, and he was now allowed to resume his experiments—within reason, and he was to warn us if something was likely to create any alarming noises or odours. He was being quite good about keeping to regular hours and decently garbing himself. I pointed out that, because Belinda left after the supper washing up, he would not be able to ring for food or even tea on a whim, so he had better eat when meals were offered. Surprisingly, he complied with this rule as well.
“You know that I do not…” his voice broke and my heart broke with it. The brilliant and courageous Sherlock Holmes admitting that he could not control his own body and mind
thoughts full noise confusion images battering cluttered bright cold pain spinning sick swirling lost
“My poor darling,” I murmured. “I would like nothing more than to help make you comfortable. You cannot possibly offend me, for it is only by good, honest labour that you find yourself thus. I suspect that a sponge and towel will help immensely.”
“No, my dear. I will not. I promise.” I seated myself on the bed and divested myself of my coat; my boots. I lay back and embraced him, disregarding the discomfort of my stiff shirtfront, cuffs, and collar. There was nothing that I could say at that moment. He did not need words. He needed me—he needed me to be there. My heart still breaks when I think of him experiencing this horrid feeling on his own. How had he managed? I know that before me, he had no one.
I mouthed back. Both Holmes brothers were adept at reading lips in this fashion, and I had come a long way in developing my own skills at it, beginning with my need to sometimes capture the final words of a wounded soldier, so weak that audible speech was impossible for him.
dying
“What’s what?”
I was suddenly aware that my situation of that morning had now, quite literally, arisen again.
[In this particular piece, the doctor’s handwriting scrawls across the sheets; clearly, he was greatly agitated when he wrote it.]
“If you say so, John,” he acquiesced. And my heart even now leaps at the memory—as he hesitantly—so hesitantly—lowered himself, and I found that I was correct in that his weight was negligible. I gently arranged him so that his head rested on my good shoulder and I wrapped my arms around his slight frame. To my great surprise, I felt him tentatively do the same to me and then, with a sigh of exhaustion, he relaxed against my chest.
a sofa
“You know that he’s seeing someone, right? Ian told me. He’s got a girlfriend.”
I wish I had been so silenced one week ago. I am so heartily ashamed of my wicked, cruel tongue. I have tried to learn to restrain myself, but you more than anyone knows that I have failed miserably. I wish that I could take my cruel words back; that you could somehow un-hear them.
“No control whatsoever, even though I do know how hard you try.” This surprised me; was the elder brother attempting to soften the blow of his words?
“I’ll be waking him periodically to check on him and give him more medication,” Winifred explained as she nodded her thanks; Mycroft had just handed her a bin that she placed quietly on the floor near Sherlock’s head—she had been warned about his notoriously weak stomach. “You should probably sleep in the other room.”
“You are so slight I will hardly feel it,” I assured him, quite honestly. “Come, now. I promise it will calm you.”
Then I admit that I was so swept up in the shock and horror of that evening, and of course observed along with you the deadly creature wrapped around my stepfather’s head—and it was entirely correct that it had indeed bitten him and injected its lethal fluid. We all saw the fang marks then, so there was no doubt.
I had been expecting this, but the bitter words hurt nonetheless. “I am perfectly capable of being angry enough at you to move out whilst still being concerned about your well-being,” I replied with dignity.
“Precisely.” He withdrew an impressive pocket watch from his waistcoat pocket and glanced at it. “I do not have a great deal of time. I will have to make this brief. Yes, it is exactly because of Sherlock’s illness that I am here.
He jerked himself out of Matilda’s strong hands. “Why not sit down, Sherlock?” the nurse suggested.
“Yes, of course,” he murmured, becoming distracted. Despite his concern for me (which, truth be told, both flattered and brought my mind directly back to my original disgraceful thoughts), I had apparently said something that returned his attention to the puzzle laid out before him.
“What is even more confounding,” he continued, “is that in doing so, you have actually put yourself at risk of prosecution.”
I could stand this no more. I rose and went to him, wrapping my arms around him. He had lost weight—I had only been away for a fortnight, but I knew his habits and I was sure that other than coffee and tea, little had passed his lips since my departure.
“Has she been charged with murder?”
—one that was becoming more insistent with every passing moment.
things,” John managed through gritted teeth.
“What are these?” I wondered. “Lime?”
“How the hell did you know…”
“These are special.”
Can I be somewhat optimistic? After the horrible conversation with Mycroft Holmes this morning, I have given Sherlock privacy—and insisted that the servants and attendants do the same—but now a footman has brought a tray with tea and cakes, and I have determined that I need to check on him. I want to see his face and examine his injuries. I want to try to get him to eat something.
He stood directly in front of him, chests nearly touching, as the iridescent eyes suddenly focused on him.
His brother’s voice was rough with emotion. His next words seemed to cause him physical pain.  “Sherlock, you know what I had to do with our mother. And as abhorrent an idea as it is, you know that I will have no choice. If you do not show signs of improvement, I will have no choice but to commit you to a lunatic asylum.”
stop this at once
“But not you.”
Mycroft nodded. “I hear he has been composing—or something like it.”
Heaving a sigh of operatic proportions, he accepted it and the call. John giggled at the dramatics and went in search of their coats; they were going out.
I have started and discarded a dozen letters to you this past week. I find that I cannot compose a single sentence without striking out half of it. I am not often so inarticulate, but our current situation seems to have struck me dumb.
Once again, his brother’s suit was exactly what he needed it to be: elegant and understated; tidy and costly. He was clean and shaved. His shoes were polished. He was the very picture of a respectable, well-off British businessman. Perfect.
Sure enough, the peculiar, light-coloured eyes now opened, and his brother made an angry, frustrated noise as he tried raising his head.
“Know what? Please tell me,” he implored. He ran his eyes across my prone figure and were arrested by the letter I was still clutching. Without a word, he gently tugged it from my rigid fingers, rose, and began to read it.
I looked down in some amazement. Yes, there it was—a lovely red rose, complete with its thorny stem—fixed firmly to the upholstered seat of the chair by a fork that looked identical to the silver I had been examining.
“Why?” I was extremely displeased to hear this.
Yes, that would work well.
[There is a space, and then a final note in the doctor’s firm hand.]
“I suppose you want to know more about Mycroft,” he sighed.
“You like fish and chips,” Mycroft pointed out. “Mrs Parker had them brought in especially for you.” Not that he had anything like that on his own plate, of course. Fried foods of any sort were not on his diet. “Even if you do put far too much vinegar on your chips. Eat some fish.”
“What else?” She was now flipping through the pages and pages of notes. “Self-harm. Paranoia. Scars? Flashbacks to…
“What are you talking about? He can’t speak, and there’s nothing to tell, anyway.”
“He sometimes goes for months without any episodes, but you were bound to encounter both his low times and his manias over time. I must say, when I found out that he was sharing rooms with a doctor, I felt rather a sense of relief. I believe that he is now, for the most part, in good hands.”
He finally arrived home a few hours ago, and what a state he was in! He had bruised knuckles, a cut lip, and a large, horrifically livid lump on his forehead. His usually immaculate attire was in disarray, his collar and shirt spoiled with blood (his lip apparently bled a great deal; it looks awful and hot now). How he was not arrested for being disorderly in public whilst on his return train ride I cannot fathom.
She jumped; as he had been essentially speechless so far, his one word took her completely by surprise. And what he had said—well. He struggled to sit up. She gently helped him. He drew his legs up so his knees were against his chest and he wrapped his arms around them. He shivered and clutched at the blanket she rearranged to cover him. “W…” he attempted, looking around himself.
action. Virtuous acts are those acts which are performed on others. One must make a decision to embark on that particular road; it is not for the passive.
John smiled. “What’s cool?” he asked easily.
“False?” Mr. Bloom reliably repeated.
“Whatever do you mean… do you not wish me to attend to you?” I demanded, my hand arrested in mid-air, with the sponge dripping.
“What does that have to do with anything?” I asked, but my voice was tight. I knew, of course—and he knew that I knew.
The handwriting was neat; feminine but firm. Clearly educated. The stationery seemed nondescript; neither coarse and cheap nor thick and expensive. The ink did not seem remarkable either. The postmark showing the post office, date, and time it had been posted did not immediately tell me anything beyond those dry facts, but I knew that I could refer to it if it proved necessary.
His brother’s track suit was hideous. He glared down at it. He’d even prefer that t-shirt with the otters on it that John loved and he hated to wearing this. Still, it was a step up from the pyjamas. The trainers, borrowed from one of his brother’s drivers, weren’t any better. He felt ridiculous. He looked out the car window, absorbing the street signs and automatically mapping their journey through the busy mid-morning traffic. Hmm. Were they stopping somewhere else before they headed to Baker Street? He wanted to ask someone—that nurse, maybe—but the few attempts he had made at talking so far that morning had discouraged him. He had tried a few more times while the man had helped him change, but each attempt was less enthusiastic and more exhausting.
She glanced at her Twitter feed. All the usual celebrity crap. Something about some old actor—he hadn’t made a film in three years? Who would be interested in seeing him in one now? She went back to what she had been doing, first glancing at her watch and sighing. Two more hours before she had to give him more tablets. God, she was bored.
John sighed. “I’m not gay, but what if I was? You seem really threatened by it.”
Mycroft couldn’t help it. He snorted in amusement. “Well done,” he praised.
The doctor’s attempt to ascertain orientation and his ability to recall information did make Mycroft smile. He couldn’t help it. “It’s no use,” he finally interceded. “He has no idea who the prime minister is or what month it is on the
He did not need to ask a second time.
“Both,” I immediately admitted. “Sherlock, I love you, and the times that we are together in that way are—well—the most glorious moments that I have ever and will ever experience. But I am a healthy, vigorous man, as are you, and sometimes it is extremely difficult to focus on recording the number of forks that have appeared on a bachelor’s dining room table overnight when all I wish to do is this.” I pressed my face to his and attempted to kiss the freshly-cleaned skin.
He would not be playing the violin for a while longer, I reflected to myself.
I smiled and shook my head. My darling does love play-acting.
Dumbfounded, I stared as he stormed off to his bedroom, slamming the door. I lost my own appetite at that point, mechanically finishing what I had on my plate but not really tasting it.
The silence, punctuated only by the click of the laptop’s keys and the soft brush of paper as the pages turned, had become oppressive. Sherlock had woken once already; he had been absolutely miserable. The nurse had helped him to the toilet and while there he was sick, which did not seem to surprise her in the slightest. She had rubbed his back and helped him rinse his mouth and led him back to the sofa, arranging the blankets for him. He had dozed off again immediately.
“Come over here,” I repeated.
“Shut up.”
“But we can’t let him hurt himself,” the younger man pointed out. He didn’t disagree with her, but he saw both sides of the situation.
“I suppose both you and Mr. Holmes have read my letter?” Mrs. Bloom demanded, obviously eager to get on with it as well.
“What did you forget?” I removed my hat and coat and, after hanging them up, moved across the room. I crouched down and put my hand on his shoulder. I had been prepared to be angry with him, but something in the tone of his voice made me hesitate. I wanted to hear his side of the story.
Wiping his mouth with the back of his hand, he glanced around, listening again. He knew that he had limited time. Mrs Parker would be back soon, and he wasn’t entirely sure where the nameless minion had gotten to. Irritating, that.
“Uh… that was when you began to examine the table.”
“What is this?” he snarled, staring at the good food laid out on our table.
Mycroft gingerly placed the filthy garments in a bag so they could be examined. After his initial shocked outburst, he found himself swallowing hard, his mouth clamped shut, as he fully revealed his brother’s emaciated, mutilated body. The worst—God. Oh God. Really? Worse than he could
And even after the rather shouty man (and he was secretly vastly entertained by the doctor’s quickness with a quip) made it perfectly clear that he was taking over the care of Sherlock, he admitted to maintaining his vigilance. He was a decent man, though—he did not watch any of their more “intimate” times when they finally got themselves sorted on that front—but he still did and probably always would worry about his brother—constantly.
So, it was worth all the…
“Sorry… should I go?”
“Yes. Ridiculous things.”
“That’s really interesting; he was just looking at an atlas. Do you think it means something?”
“Goodness,” she replied, smiling warmly at the dear boy. “How very… normal.”
That Mary and I had been unhappily married could be confirmed by our maid-of-all-work, and more than likely our neighbours and the shopkeepers in the area.
Sherlock looked up at the light-haired man, who was leaning easily against the kitchen counter. He was seated at the kitchen table, his head in his hands. He still felt a bit wobbly; it had taken every bit of his willpower to manage the walk across the lawn to the house.
John sighed deeply as he watched the retreating figure. That was the third in the last twenty minutes they’d chased off the floor. “Lavender slippers for Mrs H,” he confirmed. “With the dressing gown and eye mask, that’s you and me for her.”
I nodded and walked away from him.
“Yes. Most assuredly. Shall I explain?” he smirked.
He had dropped his book, and now he slid cautiously off the bed. He looked around himself. There was a table and chairs in the room. There was paper; a pencil. Struggling to get control over his shaking hands, he bent his head over the table and began, painfully slowly, to write.
“Then what is?” he demanded, his tone cruel and vicious.
“No swedes,” he repeated firmly, motioning at the clipboard.
I did not admit, even to myself at that early stage, that that was what I was feeling, but looking back, it most certainly was—particularly my compulsion to tend to him.
“Well, how am I to manage
“Is he available? Could he come see him?”
The next shift was taken by someone named Gloria. She was young and bubbly and Mrs Parker was irritated by her. Mycroft detested her.
“Whatever does that mean?”
“How can you be so certain?” I inquired tremulously.
“Oh?” I was now truly alarmed at the rather odd direction his rambling was taking.
He had spoken to them just the day before, as he did every week, but that had been before his brother’s sighting and return. Now, instead of the usual mild distain he had no problem sharing with them, he had felt uncharacteristically rattled. It would not surprise him in the slightest if Dad at least picked up on the strained inflection.
After a few seconds, Sherlock and I did the same.
“I am so very close, John,” he exulted, gesturing expansively with a piece of toast.
“Yes, well… you were telling me how hot it was.”
“Then why did you
To be perfectly honest, I was never impressed in the slightest with anything about you. I found your lack of dedication to your practice deplorable. I was not impressed with your service in the army, either. I have only heard horrid, disgusting things about the soldiers who were supposed to be representing the best of our Queen’s subjects, and I can only, based on my observations of your character, presume that you were one of the worst.
“Nonsense,” he retorted. “John, tell him.”
He stared out the car window, automatically mapping their route.
“No one? Who do you mean?” I hoped that he was not referring to my old butcher or tailor, for that would mean I had been not just unseemly but at risk of arrest for being drunk in public.
“No as in they don’t know I’m out of rehab.”
It has just struck me—all those people out and about in the broad daylight. Who were they? What were they doing? It was so odd to assume that every single one of them was having an ordinary day, doing ordinary things, but that is what one must do. In order for the city to function as a whole, and not to end up in despair and anarchy, every single person had to, at least to some degree, simply assume that the man walking behind them on the pavement was not about to strike them with his walking stick. No shop keeper would be in business for long if he thought that every customer who entered his premises had nefarious intentions. Someone carrying a single red rose might not even get a second look.
“You know that she cannot. Run through it yourself. It will reassure you.”
killed after a time as well. Dead men make poor witnesses. What he does do himself is scout out the targets—the locations of the burglaries. But how does he do all that without being detected? Can’t just wander around a neighbourhood poking into well-to-do homes, planning to have them burgled, can he? Or can he? Oh! Of course he can! How could I have missed that? There’s always something.”
“John… no. Not this. I told you I’m not ready for this.” He made a move to rise.
did,” she admitted.
“Oh, goodie. It needs batteries,” he remarked, noting a small package of them taped to the back of the box. “Lights
“But... how did you discover this? Did anyone tell you his visitor is a man? Has someone
“Fish and chips, but I’ll make a salad and something a bit healthier for Mr Holmes.”
Sherlock was packing.
“I suppose,” he murmured sulkily.
He was referring to a rather unfortunate experiment of his involving fresh boughs of holly and ivy, testing their combustibility to corroborate or disprove the story of a rather unpleasant fellow accused of setting fire to his employer’s place of business during the Christmas season. (The unfortunate conclusion—for the accused—was that although the fire did not spread in the manner he originally expected, his setting fire to the decorations had, ultimately, caused the fire that destroyed the premises.)
“Thank you for that,” I murmured, “but I have no idea how to treat him.”
The nurse, who was in her mid-forties, looked remarkably like their mother had at that age.
Before I go to the police, however, I feel that I owe it to my friend (who claims to be happier in America than she ever was in England, but I cannot see how that can be true) to address you in person. I wish to see your face and to hear you attempt to persuade me from my duty to the Law and to the Church. I suspect that I shall find it both pathetic and laughable.
“This is idiotic, Sherlock.” The other young man rose gracefully and put his hand out. “Do you even have a coat? Anything to pack?”
“No.”
“It’s not like turning on a tap. It’s going to take some time for the antibiotics to work.” She removed a bottle and some gauze from her pocket. “Hold still,” she instructed brightly, “and we’ll be done one-two-three.”
“A bit caddish, isn’t it?” he was demanding of a middle-aged man holding several bags.
“Much better, thank you. All solved, then?” I smiled.
Sherlock Holmes is a master of understatement, and I most certainly do not now just “let him alone” when he is “in the dumps.” I do not dwell on my experiences in the army in my published works, but here I can state that the injuries I treated were not just physical. Thousands of miles away from home, dropped into a strange, foreign culture in the most horrid of circumstances one can imagine—many of the soldiers I encountered suffered not just from bullet wounds. In some ways and at some times I was actually grateful that a physical injury allowed me to send a boy home because he was already suffering so much in a way that no one who has not experienced it can perceive.
Oh, the wasted time at the beginning! Those early, hesitant attempts of his to express his feelings for me. I was a blind man, even to my own impulses. How could I have not seen it? How did I, for so long, deny it?
“He’s not ready to go home yet,” she protested. Yes, the younger brother had been speaking more and more every day since his breakthrough, and he certainly seemed oriented in time and space—some of the time. But he was clearly not all right. “He still hasn’t even had a complete exam. You never got that scan done.”
“You gave him his medications on time, and at the proper dosage. Good for you.” Mycroft’s insincerity was palpable.
Finally, though, I took a great breath and patted the back of his hand. “My love,” I whispered, struggling to sit upright, “could you—now—I’d like some brandy, my darling.”
And he had a way about him that Mycroft, even as an infant, hadn’t. He was—he had been—
This attempt left him slightly light-headed and nauseated, but he calmed himself. If talking wasn’t working, time to try something new.
“I know that his reasoning seems to be returning to normal, for the most part—I still can’t believe how many times he’s gotten away from us—but he’s still barely speaking,” she pointed out, unnecessarily. He scowled at her and she scowled back.
John sighed. He was grateful that he didn’t have anything to do with staff supervision at the surgery. On Friday, some nurse had gotten positively ripped to shreds; the closed office door had done nothing to prevent everyone in the waiting area from hearing the shouting.
Then he was alone in the large room and for some reason that made him horribly uneasy. He rose—not easily—and wobbled over to a window.
“Neither. I mean not a
There was a knock at the door.
[The doctor’s handwriting is once again firm and clear.]
ill.”
“You had a complete disregard for the wholesome home Mrs. Watson established for you.” She directed this at me, of course.
And despite all of that, and despite the delicacy of Sherlock’s beautiful features; his curls and fair complexion and slender hands and moods and tendency to faint—I have never once wished or even considered the possibility of him
“Meaning?” I was growing quite tired of the conversation.
‘Lock stared at himself in the mirror as the steam gradually dissipated. Big Brother’s house was fancy and clean and there had been plenty of hot water in the enormous tub, and that felt very nice. The towel draped over his shoulders was soft; his dripping hair smelled lovely.
The remainder of the afternoon and evening, my love did his best to get me to forget my woes. His woes, as well, of course, for if this creature exposed me, she would expose him as well.
“It is a very bad habit of yours,” I agreed as gently as I was able.
of them?”
“I hope we don’t find anything,” Sean, a ginger-haired operative, muttered to his companion. “That would mean that we missed something, and you know how Mr Holmes feels about
“I thought to remove that before I began my endeavours,” he said with dignity, then grimaced as the lather ran down his face and some apparently went into his mouth.
I considered what I was about to say carefully, finishing my glass whilst doing so and rising to refill both my own and my guest’s glasses. She made a very feeble attempt to refuse more; I just looked at her and she laughed a bit and held her glass up to me.
“No! You will not leave again!” he cried, and I could hear the anguish and terror now.
“Get out. Now.” The nurse’s eyes opened wide at the ominous tone to Mycroft’s voice. She scrambled for her coat and bag. Then she looked hesitantly at the object he was holding. “Take it,” he seethed, nearly throwing her mobile at her. She fumbled and caught it, shoving it into her pocket. “Make sure you sign off,” he reminded her coldly, pointing at the clipboard on the table.
He was not mollified by my mirth. “I
“There is more than enough,” he had replied coolly, waving a languid hand at the plate in front of him.
No. This was horrible. This was sick. This was
He was skeletally thin, white as a sheet, battered, filthy. One eye was swollen shut. The other, once keen and piercing, was glassy and red.
“Checking into rehab would probably be a good first step,” John muttered back as the man hung his head in shame.
“Yes, I mean actually sit here in my lap so that we may talk.” As I pen these words, I am once again feeling rather odd about the whole thing. I still have no idea what possessed me, but possess me it did, and I was determined to have him in my chair with me.
Sherlock was exactly as I described with her—solicitous and kind. For all that he describes himself as not trusting the fairer sex, he certainly makes exceptions. He responds so beautifully to intelligence, sensibility, and bravery. I am always so very proud of him when he openly admires anyone, but particularly a woman. I could tell that he was impressed with Miss Stoner’s attention to detail, even as she shared the awful story of her sister’s death.
As expected, the younger man scowled at the nickname. John, who was crouching under the tree pulling out a few more wrapped gifts, glanced over his shoulder. “Hey,” he offered. “Looks like there’s a few more presents for you.”
“What was the point of that diatribe?” This was the first contribution from Mr. Bloom since our desultory discussion of the latest extension of the Underground.
“As you noted, someone rang after breakfast. It was a Mr. Samuel Bramsen. He was in quite a state about a lost ring.”
“Where on his leg?”
“Run a bath for him. I’ll get him undressed,” he nodded.
But Sherlock…
cars bicycles buses boats
He nodded. Okay. This would be interesting.
“Oh, my dear Mrs. Hudson,” I offered, and I am not too proud to admit, here in my private papers at least, that I felt the prick of hot tears beneath my eyelids.
“Well, then come away from there.”
“I cast myself as older. I put aside the crape. I put away the photographs of us as a family. I began to speak of my marriage and losing my dear ones as if it had happened ages ago.”
“Sherlock, you do know that you are not always yourself these days. I believe that it is safer if it remains with your brother until you are feeling up to it.”
“I’m glad of that,” I replied, honestly. I am still relieved that my rather daft impulse was working. “I have never seen you quite so upset over a case.”
Damn. Damnation. It could not be true. It had to be, though. I felt ill. My heart was pounding so hard I felt it would burst out of my chest. I rose from my desk and collapsed on the settee and groaned.
Sherlock took a few unsteady steps—he was at least moving away from the windows. He was pale—so horribly pale—and I drew myself up, ready to spring off the settee if he showed signs of faltering further.
“It’s wrapped up. We hit him pretty hard with pain killers—on his brother’s orders—and then it was the most bizarre thing. If I hadn’t been here before, I wouldn’t believe it. It was just… over.”
“Doctor Watson!” She managed to sound outraged whilst looking terribly amused. I do so love her liveliness.
His speech was so rapid and his shouting so hoarse that I truly cannot record his words—neither Mycroft nor I could catch more than bits of what he spat out.
He then selected a purple crayon and, with great intensity, made a dot and then a wobbly circle around it. Mycroft couldn’t help but notice that this symbol was in the centre of and equidistance to all of the Xs.
“I would if I knew how. I swear it.”
them. Do you understand?”
The doctors and other medical staff were, of course, sworn to secrecy, and Mycroft was gratified to observe that they focused strictly on their task.
“Don’t listen to him. Last night we went out and Mr Scrooge here personally delivered coats, hats, scarves, and gloves to ten members of his homeless network.”
“Impose on whom?” Sherlock had caught my comment as he reappeared, my bag in hand.
“What is it?” I encouraged. “You were about to tell me something—and please know that this is all in the deepest confidence and I will
in his bedroom
The nurse who would stay to tend to him for the remainder of the night arrived.
“John… are you quite well?” He glanced briefly at the bell pull, obviously wishing to summon assistance—or interference.
The nurse had ensured that Sherlock had had a bath; that his hair was clean. He had had a haircut and a shave over the weekend—an actual barber had appeared to tend to that—did people really do that anymore? Apparently, yes. And then carefully dressed him in the too-large shirt; the too-long but elegant trousers. The ever-texting assistant had procured insanely expensive shoes, and his patient had allowed him to slide dress socks and the new shoes onto the ridiculously large feet. Quite a difference from their previous trip to the hospital, for which the thin man had been clothed in a track suit of his brother’s and borrowed trainers.
And then there was the most grotesque aspect of the macabre scene—the fork and the rose. The choice of a rose—a red rose—and had not Mr. Harper confirmed that he did not have any roses in his garden? So, the intruder had brought not just the place settings but the rose with him—
“What... makes you think I didn’t order it?” the younger man spluttered.
Two fucking hours.
With a deep sigh, Mycroft began to speak.
“Because three nights ago, he finally said something of his own accord.”
“Sure. Why not?”
“It’s fine,” I whispered, and she gave me a small smile. I had long ago realised that that was her habit. Her long skirts regularly covered her to her toes, and of course when she comes up to our rooms she dons her slippers, but more than once I have noted a distinct lack of noise when she walked through the kitchen or her own rooms.
“I’ve brought something for you,” I then began.
“Sherlock,” he said, quietly and calmly, “How bad is it?”
I unlocked and opened the door.
“Hey,” Greg had finally interjected. “Slow down. What are you on about?”
“Go see what that’s about, Lestrade,” the older man grumbled.
The image of his brother’s naked body would mix and merge and morph into other images in his dreams for months—and those images were of the death camps of Nazi Germany.
“I am perfectly fine,” I assured him, “but you are not. You are distressed and feeling vulnerable.”
Mycroft stopped in the kitchen to tell Mrs Parker that yes, he and his brother would dine together in his room before slipping back down into his office.
He was in pyjamas and his brother’s maroon dressing gown. He was withdrawn, his head down to his chest. He shuffled his bare feet as the dark-skinned, well-developed nurse gently tugged him by one hand. The other hand he held up to his cheek, and when he slid it down to brush against his lips, she noticed that it was decorated in swirls of waxy colours.
Satisfied, his brother turned away from him and wandered unsteadily toward the window.
Well, that was tedious.
“It is all right, my love,” I continued. “I am here now, and do you know what I long for?”
“No, it
He did. Of course, he did. That was because DI Greg Lestrade always made a point of knowing where “SH” was.
Usually Daddy gave him baths but Big Brother and Uncle Greg were allowed.
She nodded and looked up at Sherlock, who was standing directly behind me, looming over my shoulder. “Perhaps the doctor would like his medical bag?” she hinted.
Day 8—Tuesday, 8:04 a.m.
“Sherlock,” I replied sternly, “I was not certain when we would have this discussion, but apparently, we need to have it now. What do you think happened this morning?”
“He asked you to leave?” she demanded incredulously.
“Cigarettes… no—patches… and biscuits and cases and wallpaper and the Yard…”
I was concerned for a moment. How had he gone about his inquiries?
“All right. That settles it. Buckle up.”
“Wha’re you doing?” he asked muzzily, trying to focus on Victor’s face.
And now it was mostly one face. One person kept surfacing, over and over. And sometimes the name would float up and he could even speak it, and then it would sink down again. And he felt that fixing the name to the face; to keeping both firm and real in his mind; to retaining that name and that face—that person—in every detail, was terribly important.
Sherlock smiled to himself. He couldn’t manage much with his dodgy hands, but he could, if he was very careful, pour the tea.
“What did he eat?”
What Mycroft Holmes has proposed is this: In his house there is this suite of two adjoining rooms, with a dressing room in between (that boasts an immense bath with hot and cold taps—a glorious thing), that are considered Sherlock’s. What he had done previously and what he has done now was to order that they be stripped down to the bare minimum—all breakable objects to be removed—and Sherlock and I have moved into them. Mycroft’s servants and special attendants hired for the circumstances will be posted day and night out in the corridor or even in the rooms themselves if it is necessary—and they will quite simply watch Sherlock and prevent him from injuring himself or escaping.
me. This is not the first time that I have felt those stirrings at the sight of you crawling under a bed or shimmying up a drainpipe. It was just the first time that I could not, seemingly,
Mycroft Holmes. She turned the mobile to show him the display. Impossibly, he became even paler. He shook his head and put a finger to his lips.
Worth all the scars and broken bones and his broken head
“Will I need stitches?” the small boy asked through his tears.
He was nowhere in evidence. My heart was beating so hard that my chest hurt. I spun and immediately saw that the door to his bedroom was shut. I lunged across the room and jerked it open.
It was then that he begged to turn our minds to something more cheerful for a few hours, and it was then that I came up with something which seemed to fit the bill.
Whatever it was, I am grateful that he did not only observe but act on it, for if he had not, there would have been no possibility of us sharing rooms.
“Are you taking us directly to the ship?” he demanded. He had been bouncing and jigging about in the carriage, and more than once I could not prevent myself from laying a calming hand on his arm.
“Do not come near me, John,” he requested quietly. “I am positively vile.”
very patient, John. I admire that and long to be as patient as you.”
“Yes,” he said carefully, his keen eyes raking across the space between the unhappy couple. “For whilst I am heartened to hear that Mrs. Bloom strives so mightily to avoid immoral behaviours, I am struck by the fact that she is lying.”
“It is addressed to you,” he said in a flat tone.
We lay there for a moment, silent.
Finally, it was time to depart. I had collected some clothes and books and our correspondence; my chequebook, which fortunately was not locked in Sherlock’s desk as it sometimes is. The last item I claimed was his violin. As always, no matter his mood or temperament or even his sometime incoherence, he always treats the instrument with the utmost respect and—dare I say it—love? It is always—always—put away clean and with great care. I found that I could not resist taking it up out of its case in my hands, gingerly at first, and then with gratitude.
Despite the fog that was currently creeping over his thought processes, he automatically began to analyse the situation. He pulled up with both arms. He couldn’t move them away from his sides. They were secured to the metal frame that ran under the thin mattress. The tie on his right wrist was particularly tight; his hand was already going numb.
Greg Lestrade was ashamed to admit it, but yes, he had.
“Hey, ‘Lock, take a look at this,” Greg interjected. The slender man spun on his bum to face him. “It’s got these different levels of difficulty. See?” He showed him the instructions, and was startled when the young man rose onto his knees and, placing his hands on Greg’s thighs, peered closely.
“It’s all right. You’re safe. Please?”
“Would you like me to read to you?” the older man asked.
“Good job, mate,” Solomon praised the silent man, who was thoughtfully licking the spoon of the last of the chocolate mousse.
“Anyway,” she continued with a determined briskness. “It was horribly hot. I felt as if I could not draw a deep breath.”
She nodded in agreement. “I brought him the crayons,” she added.
“A safe haven?” I echoed stupidly. “What do you mean?”
“Your debts are all paid in full, John. Please do not trouble yourself about it further,” he begged. “Remember that my intention was to discover information about your neighbours. I was asking if anyone knew your current location. I would mention at that point that you had, in a letter to me, mentioned neighbours. I wondered if those neighbours might know where you were. That generally led to a conversation about the Blooms themselves. From there, the information flowed freely. As we discovered, Mrs. Bloom’s nature tends to engender a great deal of conversation.”
I do not now and apparently never have—except from a distance—wanted the frippery and frills of a woman in my life. More than anything, that was the downfall of my marriage.
“Let me come in and we can discuss the entire situation. All right? Do you promise not to try to leave?”
Sherlock buried his face in his pillows. It was a cold, rainy day and he didn’t want to set foot out of his cosy bed.
His words faded to nothing as I removed his shirt and vest and, with a quick twitch of his hips, his trousers and drawers. I bundled everything up and tossed it all into the furthest corner of the room. “I will remove those presently,” I informed him. “Now, I believe a sponge and towel were the recommended prescriptions for this particular condition?” I kept my tone light and teasing. He seemed to be in an odd mood. He was fastidious and despised being foul in that way; I presumed that now that he was aware of it, it was his physical state that was disturbing him.
“You’re an idiot,” Greg snarled at him. “All you’re doing is hurting yourself and your parents more.”
“He what?” Winifred prodded knowingly. “You’re blushing.”
And then I walked out of our rooms.
“So, what is it?”
“Lie down,” she ordered, attempting to force him back. He balked at this as well, snorting through his nose at the indignity of it.
“I didn’t fall, John,” he declared solemnly despite shivering in delight at the feel of the doctor’s inquisitive tongue on his skin. “I sacrificed epidural cells in pursuit of various personal and professional goals.”
Sometimes doctors and nurses made appearances. Sometimes one or two of Mycroft’s assistants, in their identical black suits and earpieces, would stand in the hallway outside the guest room or even inside of it. Sometimes Mycroft himself would enter the room and stay for a long time, emerging with a tight, exhausted expression on his face.
I am sure that all of this had passed through Sherlock’s mind in the time it took him to jump down from the windowsill.
He raised his head and smiled that shy, innocent smile that I adore so very much.
The drawing under his hand frightened him and he threw the red crayon away as hard as he could before tearing the paper to bits.
“Because I am discussing your future,” his brother replied.
—the speckled cobra—apparently the editor thought that this foreign word would not strike sufficient fear and awe in the hearts of readers and so changed it to the ludicrously inaccurate “swamp adder”) in the doctor’s room thrilled me equally. It made me quite impatient as we awaited the county police (the housekeeper, who had of course been roused by Roylott’s dying scream, proved useful for at least this task). While we waited, we organised ourselves—we were friends of Miss Stoner and had been invited to visit. We had stayed up quite late talking (Miss Stoner had not, upon withdrawing to her usual bedroom, changed into nightclothes, so it already appeared as if she and Sherlock and I had been doing just that) when we had heard the agonised screams of her stepfather. As his penchant for exotic animals was well-known in the district, we did not anticipate a terribly rigorous interrogation from the police—the housekeeper, who had been a bit baffled by our appearance, had been silenced when Miss Stoner explained to her that we had arrived after she had retired.
As the team packed up their gear, the nurse who would be staying with them got him re-dressed in the soft nightwear. This seemed to calm him down a great deal, and he took up stroking the soft fabric as he had done earlier. “Are your feet cold?” she wondered aloud. “Do you want socks?” He examined her face curiously, then shook his head, wincing as the motion clearly caused him pain. “All right. No socks,” she agreed. It wasn’t easy. Poor man—she wanted to wrap him in cotton wool from top to bottom.
“So, back to my original query: do you consider yourself a moral woman because you perform virtuous acts, or do you consider yourself so for avoiding acts that are considered repulsive, or harmful, or even cruel?”
Mycroft slid into the car and glared at Anthea.
I had been doing quite a bit of that.
He allowed himself to become immersed in a fascinating volume about the history of food in Western culture—immersed enough that he was startled when he felt a thin finger poking his shoulder. He dropped his book to his lap.
She rose, downed the remainder of the punch in her glass, and briskly exited our sitting room.
“He will be here as long as he needs to be,” he replied stiffly. He turned to head for his home office. He paused at the door and glanced back at her. “The barber should do something about his hair, as well.”
“So?”
despite all of the precautions, the landing on the pavement had been painful and despite trying his best to be a corpse and not have a pulse and don’t blink and don’t breathe he had been acutely aware of his elbows and his knees and later at molly’s he had stripped in the bathroom and yes he was bruised and bleeding and he wanted
‘Lock hummed as Big Brother helped him stand up (he had been sitting on a little stool; it was funny that Big Brother’s bathroom was so large that he had furniture in it). But now his brother was pulling his filthy jumper up and his nearly shredded jeans down and that felt good because they were still a bit damp from his accident and he had been worried that he would be in trouble but no one had shouted at him about it so far. He looked placidly down at his body. A bath would be nice.
Sherlock stared at him as if he had just stated that the Sun goes around the Earth—no, that was a poor analogy—as if he had just told him that he could never have a lemon sponge for tea again. He frowned, not in anger, but in bafflement. “Of course I am,” he retorted.
The new nurse was reading to him—he was very good at it. Might he have some theatrical experience? He was certainly well-educated. His articulation was precise. His voice—a moderate tenor—was pleasant. The older man peeked into the room.
“Well, I must say that this is intriguing,” Sherlock Holmes admitted coolly, but the keen way in which his queer grey eyes darted about the scene betrayed his interest, and I most certainly was equally startled and fascinated. After all, how often does one encounter a crime scene in which someone has broken into a house and
“Oh! Yes. Of course. I shall fetch it at once.” He dashed out of the room.
It was someone he liked—that part was right. He knew whoever it was only meant it for his own good. That felt rather nice.
It would be too much to hope that any possessions he might have had with him would turn up, but at least it was an entryway into backtracking his brother’s trail. The soil analysis on the clothing he had been found in had been completed, hundreds of hours of CCTV footage had been analysed, and a review of his physical condition upon retrieval had all assisted in identifying at least his most recent location and a rough idea of how long he had been away from modern bathing amenities.
“I did note your hat down on the hall rack,” she nodded, bustling over to me (her full skirts hid her feet from me, but I distinctly recall being aware that the usual light tap-tap of the slippers she wore indoors was absent). “I was out myself and a lady in the butcher’s shop came over faint.”
“Oh, for heaven’s sake,” I remarked, heading up the steps.
He shrugged and returned to his activity, which she now could see. He had a large book on his lap, closed, and he was using it to lean on as he coloured. He had a large box of crayons. As she observed he very carefully (his hands trembled) selected a green one and carefully began to draw with it. Two long, straight lines, parallel to one another but at a slight diagonal, and then he joined them with shorter lines.
“John?” Sherlock startled me by bursting out of his bedroom and rushing across the room. He threw himself to his knees and cradled my cheek in his hand. “Whatever has happened?” he demanded, looking terrified. “Are you ill? Shall I fetch Mrs. Hudson?”
“Flustered? As in embarrassed?” I asked, seeking clarification.
“Enough,” Mycroft growled. “Sherlock, you are not going anywhere.”
“I thought... something to do with the case?”
“If anything happened to you, my dearest brother, I would have failed. I promised our mother and our father that I would take care of you, and if I failed, I would be heartbroken.”
“But… you could…” he struggled. He was truly lost at this point—I hated to see him confounded as he was, but this was necessary if we were to break through the dense, poisonous fog clouding his brilliant mind.
“It’s psychosomatic,” the nurse replied condescendingly.
Mycroft had come in simultaneously with the tea tray, and Sherlock managed to sit with us long enough for his brother to pour him a cup. He did not actually take more than one sip, but he placed his cup back on the tray (which does not seem worth noting except that he has been much more likely to dash them to pieces or simply drop them instead of this nicety) before striding to the window and looking out longingly.
My thoughts must have been displayed on my face, as Mycroft, after observing me considering all of this information, suddenly burst out, “Oh, no! I do not mean to take him away from you. I believe that separating you from him would be extremely detrimental to the situation.”
“You falsely reported the death of your wife!” Mrs. Bloom’s face was turning an unbecoming, blotchy red.
But God how he had missed them.
“And you have no objection to being with me?”
“Sherlock, you know what happened to our mother—”
“But what did this have to do with you?” I inquired, genuinely puzzled.
How would we manage him once we left Baker Street? I wondered silently as I rather firmly instructed Sherlock in the completion of his toilette (he had been, all day, in just trousers and an unfastened shirt and I do not doubt in the slightest that he would have left the house in just that state had I not intervened). He was very excited and pleased that I was going to be accompanying him. “I would have missed you dreadfully,” he confided to me. “I absolutely do not wish be away from you for even an instant.”
“What?”
“Etta!
He was skeletally thin—his scant appetite for so many consecutive days was the cause for that. I noted that on the small table by the fireplace, there were napkins that apparently held the food that had been offered to him each day. He had been permitted water in a wooden cup, but everything else was the sort of food he could eat without the aid of fork, spoon, or of course knife. There seemed to be quite a bit of toast and lemon sponge, his favourite, I realise now.
“Running away?”
I gasped and tightened my hold on my friend’s hands, but he pulled them away.
Perhaps I did. Perhaps I not only acknowledged but returned his sentiment. I did not do it consciously—not at the first—but yes, I displayed an openness with him and towards him that I had never and have not since offered to any other human being.
I could picture him now, sitting on his bed, washing and drying his feet and then dropping the wet sponge onto the towel. He probably then stretched out on his bed, completely bare.
Adult Sherlock had had no problems with teabags and Earl Grey right from the Tesco or anything anyone declared to be “tea” as long as it was hot, wet, and had enough sugar to hurt most people’s teeth.
Of course!
We both considered this for a bit, I gazing into the glass of sherry in my hand and he into the fire. I found my head beginning to spin—not with the spirits I was imbibing, but with the words we were bandying about like a shuttlecock.
Eventually, though, as I settle in my comfortable chair and open a book, he attempts to do the same—and fails. He cannot even select a book, let alone sit down and read it.
We had been sharing diggings for approximately three months. We were still Watson and Holmes to one another. I was already in the habit of doctoring him quite a bit—for his headaches and injuries and illnesses. I had witnessed one episode of his mania but had not yet encountered him at his lowest. But now I was. This was not to be the worst episode, but it was the first, and far preceded any understanding on my own part that this was an illness.
“Oh, that would be wonderful, Doctor Watson,” she replied, closing the door behind herself.
“Sold it.”
bore me,” I exclaimed.
Sherlock smiled—and even I found it a bit sinister. “Although I am not what anyone would consider a ‘practitioner’ of any particular faith,” he admitted, “I am well-versed in the major beliefs. It is often useful information to have at one’s fingertips whilst investigating a crime.”
He shook his head vigorously.
Solomon, who was walking beside his patient, ushering him along the hospital corridors, glanced sideways at him as he paused and then halted entirely. “Sherlock?” he prompted, turning to look at him.
“Every night. He seems to respond well to motherly types, so he’ll like you… I mean, not that you’re not…”
.” I nodded, quite familiar with the book—so familiar, in fact, that it had become a bit of a joke between us. Whenever faced with circumstances—mainly of Sherlock’s making—that were quite beyond what one would consider reasonable or even decent for a respectable household, she would sigh and shake her head, wondering “What would Mrs Beeton say?”
“Wait!”
“As in ‘not at all’ in this madhouse,” he added wryly.
Finally, their remarkable landlady had presented them with the most perfect crisp-on-the-outside/chewy on the inside, puffy,
“Are you certain that woman would be unable to prove any... less-than-lawful activities on our part?” I pondered aloud.
“That is not surprising,” I commented drily.
He frowned, obviously trying to consider all these complications.
Now he examined the wound closely. “No more playing with umbrellas on the stairs, yeah?” he said.
“John… my…” He paused, obviously stymied.
“And leaning over the settee?”
“He hasn’t lost the knack for avoiding the cameras,” she replied without irony.
I was still muzzy-headed and now desperately thirsty. Not caring in the slightest who might see me in such disarray, I leaned out of one of the open front windows. The noises of the street, still not nearly as strident as was normal for this time of day, were nonetheless a bit livelier than during midday. I nearly fell into my chair as our dear landlady knocked and entered.
I do recall now, however—so distinctly it could have happened yesterday—how that first horrible mood seized him. Mrs Hudson was bringing up an early tea, as we had plans to attend a concert and have a late supper in a restaurant afterwards. I was looking forward to it—a chance to don evening dress, to enjoy the music, and then to discuss the programme over some lovely meal and a bottle of wine. It would not be the first such evening we enjoyed together, so I was rather shocked when, like a terrible maelstrom engulfing the city and paralysing it, the first dark clouds began to gather in the sky.
.” He had to speak loudly to be heard over his brother’s anguished, wordless moaning. He could not look directly at him. He gazed somewhere just slightly over and to the right of the bed on which his brother was stretched, his thigh freshly and thickly bandaged.
“They died in the late summer of 1878.”
“Oh, come off it, Sherlock! I’m not even sure what colour those socks were originally, or that shirt.”
“Mostly writing,” I replied. “I finished two cases. What did you get up to?” I asked this in an off-handed way.
“Mrs. Hudson, how old are you?” I burst out. There was a moment of silence. I could feel my cheeks burning with embarrassment. “I am so very sorry!” I exclaimed. “Please, please accept my apologies—”
“Good work. Time to change; we’re going to be headed out soon.”
What did he think of the colourful striped tie worn by the gentleman at the table next to ours? (Gawdy.)
“Of course, my love,” I readily agreed—for that had been my desire from the first. I wanted him to share the burden of his memories with me, and then to distract him the best way I knew how from his dark thoughts.
She paused and looked at me meaningfully. It took me a moment to realise the significance of her remark, and I found myself speechless. She was, of course, entirely correct.
alone
Why? He thought he knew what had triggered the awakening. He knew not only about his brother’s love of the lovely, greasy takeaway, but how often the good doctor had indulged him with it.
stupid big brother
“I have discovered something about her that took me somewhat by surprise, and I am afraid that my reaction was… well, I could have responded a bit more calmly.”
Oh, he was brilliant. He lit his cigarette.
Sherlock snorted. “What’s wrong with it? Is it deformed?”
has irritated
“Yes.”
On the sixth, he pointed at the newspaper, and I happily began to read him the more interesting articles.
“When did I say that?”
“Mrs. Hudson’s hands are rough from work,” he continued. “And yours are calloused from all your writing. Mine—” he held them up out of the bath water— “bear the marks of violin strings and chemicals.”
“It does.”
What was wrong with him?
“Yes. Please.” I was utterly baffled, so I returned to the sitting room and began pacing.
“This is not… usual, is it?” he demanded. “For friends?”
“Well, to be honest, my love—yes. Not often,” I hastened to amend, “but observing you—God, Sherlock—you have the most enticing body I have ever encountered. That I have seen it bare and have partaken of its delights make it even harder—” I stopped myself. Had I really said that?
“You are not!” he protested. “You are one of the strongest and most brave and stalwart men I have ever known.”
This is the last that I will write here in what has been, to be honest, our prison. Sherlock’s recovery has been steady for the past three days. Since that remarkable dinner, he has managed to maintain a somewhat usual schedule—meals and sleep and examining the newspapers. He and I have even taken a few walks out in the grounds—we had an attendant with us still, of course, but there has been no need for any sort of intervention. So we are finally, truly, headed home.
I held him tight and kissed his temple. “You are brilliant,” I praised. “Thank God you
He pulled away from the window, shaking his head and wrapping his arms around himself.
He was reassuring in his assertion that we would take our client away to her aunt’s for her own safety. I agreed wholeheartedly with this plan, as I am sure her fiancée would—he clearly was unaware of the depth of the lady’s troubles, or she most assuredly would have been moved already.
I nodded and began to move my inert mass up the seventeen steps.
“B? B what, love?”
The next several days proceeded in much this fashion. True to my word, I did not leave our rooms. Our wonderful, reliable friend downstairs took care of any errands I might need done and brought up a steady stream of nourishing and tempting dishes. She also kept visitors away. I was so very grateful.
Sherlock’s hands clenched into fists and he slammed them down on the polished surface of the table.  “I know it’s difficult. You can do this, Sherlock,” Mycroft assured him.
Dear Dr. Watson,
“Correct. What do we do instead?”
Sometimes no one dared enter the room for fear of being hit by whatever the young man had seized as a projectile.
“Besides,” I added, reluctantly—looking at Mycroft again, “I would miss you so. You could not possibly leave me. I thought that you were my friend.”
“I am… “ I began, hesitant.
“Cannot Mrs Turner give you some assistance?” I offered.
Firstly, he exaggerated the importance and timely element of the experiment that Miss V— S— interrupted. It is something he has been fidgeting with, on and off, for at least six weeks, and he has been continually interrupted. It has been a busy time as of late, but he has been working on it during the lulls, and it apparently has no true bearing on a current case, so it was excessively rude for him to act as if she was disturbing something of Great Importance.
My heart began to beat harder. What did he mean? “Please tell me.”
Mycroft supposed the irony of wanting to “delete” the entire trip to the hospital and the absolute hysteria caused by attempting to get a CT scan was something that Sherlock would appreciate at some point.
“I believe that Mrs Hudson will be more comfortable in her bedroom.”
“Oh, Doctor Watson!” she exclaimed, dropping the weapon to her side, “I am that relieved that it is you. I am never sure who will appear on my doorstep.” I gave her what I hoped was a slightly apologetic smile and invited her to join me in foraging in our rooms for what we might need.
“There is no guarantee that we will receive the most appropriate applicant immediately,” Mrs Hudson mused, having obviously enjoyed her fish and chips and gherkins (and praising Sherlock lavishly for his success at bringing home a surprisingly acceptable meal). “I have been considering how to manage.”
“I didn’t get them in a shop,” he affirmed stubbornly.
“I did,” I admitted, “and her words have somewhat alarmed me. What precisely did he do?” I did not consider for a moment that Sherlock had actually
“Possibly. It certainly was peculiar. I could entitle it ‘The Riddle of the Red Rose.’”
laughing stripping rolling kissing—
Mycroft glared at him. “My brother has been
I recalled then once being presented with a woman with “hysterics,” according to her husband. He described her as “weepy” and “moody” and many other unflattering things pertaining mainly to her receptiveness to him in their bedroom. She was horribly pale and thin and could not seem to focus entirely on either of us.
I began to feel slightly ill. “Come sit here with me,” I requested, dropping the second empty glass on the table and holding my arms open. He had apparently been waiting for this invitation, for he was in my lap almost before the words were out of my mouth. As always, I arranged his long limbs until we were both comfortable. I rubbed his thin back through his dressing gown and thought about the situation. Finally, the thoughts swirling through my head coalesced. The conversation had not gone in the direction I anticipated, and it was time I got us headed in a more useful direction.
Sherlock was sprawled on the floor, on the thick carpet, in front of the fireplace (it was generally only used during Mycroft’s larger dinner parties, when guests might wish to find a quiet room to talk, but if his brother showed interest in it being lit, he would allow it—with supervision, of course). He stared up at the ceiling, his eyes flickering across its surface as he listened.
“I did not post it.”
I found the cloth again. “As you might recall, I had a wife, and clearly that did not appeal to me,” I assured him.
“Yes, sir?” She turned from the small computer on which she was working.
His brother glanced up and shrugged before bending his head down again.
Although he clearly enjoyed the meal, he was easily distracted, sometimes dropping his spoon and rising from the table; he was, for some reason, fascinated with the sink and particularly the tap. He turned it on and off several times, watching with interest the patterns the water made in the sink.
“Off my feet?”
Sherlock had discovered that whoever it was had gained ingress via the dining room window with the broken latch. That could not be a coincidence. Whoever it was must have known that the window was not locked. He had not seen the impression of footprints under any of the other windows. The intruder knew exactly which window to breach.
“They did not actually say much more than what I have already expressed. I simply described—again—how I had been feeling that morning and how your actions were—are—very stimulating.”
“Come with me, then.”
“Oh, I’m terrified.” The sarcasm was almost visible.
He looked up at me and the innocence in his eyes makes my heart ache for him—even after all this time, he is still so very unsure of himself. “Are you certain, John?” he murmured.
It was fine.
“You have great faith in me,” he noted hesitantly. “I hope that I do not disappoint you.”
Sherlock nodded.
I do realise now that my admission of this level of dedication was a bit prescient, but I was being completely candid. I had no desire nor inclination at that moment to leave him any longer than it took for me to go to the tobacconists.
John considered. “A beer wouldn’t go down wrong right now,” he admitted.
“Yeah...” he sighed, then took a deep breath. “I will, you know?” he added, sounding a bit cheerier. “They’ll be thrilled—I’ve got a pile o’ stuff for ‘em. Maybe take ‘em to a film in the afternoon.”
Mycroft had had enough. “Sedate him. Now!” he ordered, barely flinching as the sharp blade pressed into his pale flesh.
“It was that pot,” she began. She gestured, and I spotted the offending object on the floor next to the table. It was a large, well-used, heavy thing, made of cast iron. “I had it on the stove all morning—I was making calves’ foot jelly. I just went to strain it—I’ve got my pans all ready for pouring—but the cloth I used when I picked it up was wet. I suppose the heat startled me, and I dropped the whole thing on my foot. I feel quite the fool.”
“John!”
“Obviously,” he replied tersely.
Had he at some point played a great deal? He lifted his arms, miming cradling the instrument’s neck in one hand and holding a bow, and although his fingers were stiff and his hands shook, a vague memory floated up to the surface. He took a more correct position. Yes, even if he was terribly out of practice, it felt quite natural.
She was relieved to be greeted in the hallway by Christopher. There was something about his solid presence that was very comforting. As the man downstairs had done, he put a finger to his lips and pulled the door almost shut behind himself. He led the way into the room across the hall that still held the blanket fort.
They turned.
John.
“Of course.”
Oddly, I did not nor do I now blame Mary. I had put her in an untenable situation, and she had risen from the wreck of our marriage with calm and bravery. Would I have been able to relocate to another country, as she had? Even with my experience as ‘three continents Watson’, I have to admit to myself, as I did then, that no, I would not have been able to move from my beloved England, which I had missed so greatly during my service.
“See if the sergeant wrote a report yet.”
He’s made it abundantly clear that he’s not interested in that way.
As I contemplated these things (and I am certainly at this moment contemplating them again), I began—quite unconsciously—to rub Sherlock’s back in slow circles. “Perhaps she knows some things,” I eventually commented. “How are you feeling?” I asked, mainly to change the direction my thoughts had taken.
“What do we
“He’s had a horrid morning of nice people wishing him well and opening gifts,” John reported.
“Yes. Please.”
“Those I did revise,” he admitted. “I spent a good amount of time last night refreshing myself on the professed morals of those of the Christian faith.”
Paul snorted. “I hear he’s a lightweight when it comes to drinks, too.”
“They did not have any—I did ask. I got Player’s.”
And now what was Victor doing to his ankle? Same sensation: fabric and a lifting of the mattress and then an inability to move his leg.
“I have observed that characteristic,” I agreed. “She has even been willing to assist Mr Holmes in his research.”
I glanced at Mycroft uneasily, but he had his chin to his chest, seemingly in deep thought and assuredly in great anguish, so I plunged ahead with my strongest point. “Sherlock, did it not occur to you what it would do to me if you left?”
“Thinking.”
What I do know as a certainty is that the law will be very much interested in certain
“Can you get back into the car?”
please don’t be sad i’ll come back to you i promise
So, yes, three days after our outing, the bell startled me.
I must add my own codicil here. After a positively marvellous time with my love—and of course I returned the favour and a great deal more besides—we were lying side by side on my narrow bed, and I was running my fingers lightly down his bare chest, making him shiver.
“Why not? Oh. The water’s shut off, isn’t it?”
“The chemist’s boy noted that he frequently purchases a particular liniment, ostensibly to treat injuries he sustained in a carriage accident many years ago, but added,
“Yes, that is an excellent pirate ship, Sherlock,” he assured him.
Dr. Grimesby Roylott was as awful as his stepdaughter described. His sudden appearance at our door was even more alarming than I related in my retelling of the incident, for I did not dwell on two matters of great concern to us. The first was that he had actually forced his way into the house. During our intense discussion of the possibilities of the case, we had not noticed the bell, and the bellicose villain had quite literally pushed our dear Mrs. Hudson aside in his impatience to gain entry. She was so taken aback that it was a moment before she could recover herself, and by then he was already at the head of the stairs. I did not bring this up with Sherlock; he would have been so distressed. Further distressed.
“From?”
“No, you do not shock me,” I assured her gently. “I was married, too, you might recall.”
The absurdity of our conversation caught me by surprise and I choked on my coffee.
“Doc… doctor,” he stammered.
done something to horrify the young woman.
“Excellent advice,” Sherlock agreed. “You would have done yourself a service to simply invite the doctor here to meet. Instead, due to your...
It is when he becomes so frenzied that he shouts the most horrible and obscene things and throws whatever he can put his hands on and tells me that I am a dullard and an idiot and a poor solider and a poorer doctor that I can admit here in my private papers that it does hurt quite cruelly. I know he does not truly mean a thing that he says—because in the same breath he claims that his brother is a lazy, fat thing and our dear Mrs. Hudson a meddlesome, interfering woman—things that I know he absolutely does not mean nor believe.
This one read: “I noted a draught coming from your bedroom. I believe you need to examine your fireplace. –Sherlock”
The voice was what got his attention first. He had been standing at the DI’s side as he reviewed what they had found at the scene with the forensics team. He was listening intently, hoping to add to the conversation, when something distracted him. He frowned and leaned closer.
Just then, the door opened.
“Come sit down here and look,” he instructed, depositing the stack on the floor and seating himself. He tossed the Union Jack pillow onto the worn carpet before the fireplace. The younger man peered at him uncertainly, but he sighed, rose, crossed the room, and flopped down to the floor in front of john, now looking bored.
“If you are referring to the possibility of withdrawals, I can assure you that I will deal with whatever…” he paused and swallowed. “Can we just talk about the murders?”
Wife Number 2, as he thought of her, had recently requested that he remove himself from their flat. Apparently his erratic and infrequent appearances were getting the kids upset.
“What do you not understand?” I asked gently. His entire demeanour alarmed me. Why was he so perturbed?
Without a word, he scrambled off his raft of cushions and into my lap. His pipe had clattered to the hearth, forgotten.
“Not exactly, no. But… well, when I was perhaps five years old, I fell rather gravely ill. I do not recall the precise ailment, but I do remember thinking that the ceiling of my room was going to fall down and crush me—I could see giant cracks forming, or at least I thought I could.”
I followed, protesting. “He does not wish to have visitors,” I attempted to explain. I entered the room and was astonished at the sight. Mycroft Holmes—or whoever he claimed he was—had crossed the room and without preamble seated himself on Sherlock’s bed. He was leaning over the inert figure buried under the covers.
“I have no empirical knowledge of infants,” he reported gravely (I really did laugh at this), “but I do know that cats and dogs enjoy closeness such as this. Mrs. Hudson’s cat purrs when she is curled up on her lap.”
“I know all he wants is to go home, but really… that hardly overrides common sense—”
“So why haven’t you told your parents that you’re out of rehab?”
Ah. Here is Mycroft.
He had dressed himself—buttons and shoelaces were a challenge because his hands shook, but he was grateful that the young woman who had sighed and shuffled across the room to give him his tablets didn’t seem even slightly inclined to offer to help. He had run his fingers through his hair; it would have to do. He wasn’t about to look in a mirror. And then, while the idiot who called herself a nurse was staring at her mobile, he had simply walked out of the room.
“Are you hungry?” the nurse asked him. He thought about it for a bit, then nodded. “What would you like to eat?” He attempted to reply, but he clearly could not get any words out.
he knew how to have fun
She entered the bedroom quietly. “Good evening,” she said politely to the older brother, who was sitting at the small desk, fidgeting with his mobile. He looked dreadful. “Are you all right?” she inquired.
But here we are—and I cannot even now completely believe that I, a grown man, welcomed another grown man into my arms in such a manner.
He smirked at the nurse—he had heard the entire conversation.
Day 8—Tuesday, 11:48 a.m.
“That should keep you busy,” he nodded in approval.
“What can I do to help?” I inquired.
I went back to our rooms today, to retrieve a few items and, more importantly, to have some respite. I left with the blessings (and carriage) of Mycroft, which he had arranged for after our talk yesterday.
“Mrs Hudson?” I shouted as soon as I entered the hall.
“It can get quite warm in here when I have something simmering for so long,” she pointed out, recovering from my reference to her impropriety.
“Who is he?” I demanded.
Despite his statement to the contrary, I still believe that I did do well—and precisely as he had indicated. I did discover the name of the tenant who has taken Charlington Hall, and if he is convinced that this bad business is connected with the Hall, won’t knowing this name be useful?
“You would make an excellent secretary,” I remarked as I read over the neatly-composed advertisement. He gave me a complicated look—half pleased and half annoyed. “Now, run this to the newsagent, and you must bring home something for us to eat.”
He glanced at her shyly and smiled in a guileless way, nodding. He replaced the green crayon in the box (she noticed that the crayons were arranged in a rainbow fashion), selected a maroon one, and meticulously began, brick by brick, to draw the wall that the ladder was leaning on.
“What in heaven’s name do you mean?” His anguished expression was superseded by one of perplexity and some alarm. I am not surprised. I have no idea where any of this came from. I should have been feeling alarmed myself. I should be feeling alarmed now, but even as I write this, I cannot describe quite what I was experiencing.
“What’s going on?” A tall man—taller even than his patient—burst into the room. “What’s upset him?” he demanded.
“Sherlock? Sweet boy? Are you all right?”
“I did, and you know why.”
In a short time, Mrs Parker announced, “The bacon’s all lovely and crispy. Come sit down.” They both made their way to the table. Now they watched as she slathered a thick layer of brown sauce on slices of white bread, then carefully added the perfectly-crisped bacon. “Would you like one?” she asked the nurse.
“But it was always for an investigation.”
“What do you want?”
And what a dreadful truth it was.
That evening he spat out half a dozen spoonsful of the broth into his napkin—I had gently introduced each but, as he had stated, he seemed unable to swallow—and I was beginning to despair when, with an immense effort, he allowed some of the liquid to slip down his throat. After that, it was a bit easier, but he had consumed very little before he shook his head and I knew that he could manage no more at that time.
Well, he wasn’t going to help the wanker move.
Equally, I should have had the wits to explain that snakes are, for the most part, not trainable. Likewise, they would be highly unlikely to crawl through a metal ventilator and down a bell-rope—unlike a bedpost, the fabric would not support their method of movement. As for hoping that an untrainable reptile would do so, bite the occupant of the bed, then return when whistled for is simply untenable.
It struck me. “Oh, goodness, my dear lady. Was it…?” My voice—and my nerve—failed me.
About bloody time, John thought. As much as he loved a good argument, nothing could beat a good fight. He liked the odds, too.
James Bond, and his brother is M?” Matilda asked, raising her eyebrows.
He kept getting a bit muddled about who.
The water was deliciously cool and the bottom of the pond soft against my bare feet, and then I caught up with Sherlock just as it got deep enough for him to throw himself onto his back with a great splash.
Mrs. Harold Bloom could not
“Oh, of course!” I had just realised to what the detective was referring. “You, Mrs. Bloom, did not just voice your accusations in this conversation. You wrote them in your letter. That is libel.”
managed to mumble the same words—
Everyone was temporarily relieved when, somehow, someone had convinced him to complete his studies. It had never been a sure thing, but somehow—the picture that came to Mycroft’s mind was of a tightrope walker wobbling between two towering buildings—he had completed his Master’s in chemistry.
As I entered, he looked up from the book he held and smiled so sweetly at me. I wonder—if I got myself a camera, could I ever capture that look on his face? It was no use taking him to a photographic studio, for that expression could never be replicated outside of the privacy of our homely rooms.
an excellent scholar. I was afraid not to be. He would whip me if I failed at my lessons—”
Infantile.
And that was all it took. I admit it. I poured out my fears and sorrows and anxieties to her and she was so very patient and listened to every word and patted my hand.
His head was oddly heavy.
, ‘Do not kill your neighbour,’ but actually
“Mean what?”
“No, it is not a wicked thing, but it is a
I had him in his nightclothes and tucked up. He watched me with hooded eyes as I prepared to retire myself. He smiled sweetly as I turned down the gas and slid into the bed beside him. I sank back into my pillow and shut my eyes.
And even when he managed to push her off the bed she still wouldn’t go away so he followed her and pushed her again, hard. He knew that Daddy would be angry at him, but he just wanted her to go away.
“Uh…. sure,” he agreed. He drew close to the doctor, who had retreated to the far end of the kitchen. “What’s up?” he whispered.
He glanced down at himself. “Mm,” he commented.
“Oh, do not worry yourself,” she added. “I have no interest in re-marrying. You and he are more than enough to keep me busy—and you know that for all my admonishments, I would find life rather dull without the experiments and bent pokers and… everything. Here. It is growing late and there is no telling when he will return. I will prepare that tray of cold meats for you now, shall I?”
“We must discuss this with Mrs. Hudson,” he murmured as I operated the taps. “Do you think it terribly expensive?” He was referring, of course, to the miraculous tap that, when turned, released hot water into the bathtub.
