“They should be in there-“ Dean hesitates and makes a look of realization. Sam looks over at him and furrows his brows. Dean nods with a smile. “We don’t have any.”
“Is something wrong?”
He can hear Balthazar now. ‘I can’t believe you tattled on me to Michael, Cassie. I thought you trusted me more than that. Blah, blah, blah.’
Dean motions to the clock. "You always have to eat this late?"
The problem? He doesn’t know how to find him. It would be creepy if he just showed up at his apartment, wouldn’t it? Yes, yes it would. That leads to the question, does Dean even want him to find him? The whole incident only took place yesterday, would he look too clingy if he said he wanted to see him again? Is he already too attached? But what if Dean wants to see him again too? What if he wants him to take the initiative and show up at his place since they didn’t get any other form of contact.
“Just like that, sweetheart. You’re doing so good,” Dean says, letting out a sigh. Castiel’s eyes flutter open and takes in the man above him. His head is resting against the back of the couch, eyes closed, lip caught between his teeth, legs sagging to the sides, his body limp with pleasure.
“Course, I gotta take care of you since you don’t seem to be doing it. Running out in the cold dressed like you were.” His voice is a little huskier than before and his eyes flick to Castiel’s lips. He licks his lips at the attention and Dean does the same.
The days pass and finally the time Dean and Sam, along with many other people, have been eagerly awaiting for comes along. As soon as Dean got home from work Thursday, he sprinted up the steps to his room and is now throwing his clothes into a duffle bag haphazardly in an effort to be done more quickly so they can leave pronto. Although he should know Sam is taking his sweet old time and is going to have to wait for him to finish packing before they can leave anyway, but that doesn’t matter, he is too excited.
Castiel bites the inside of his cheek and clenches and unclenches his hands. He drops his eyes to the plate in his hands that he’s washing. He runs the cloth over it in circles. “Is his age the only thing you don’t like about him?” He asks quietly.
Cas has been yelling at people in Russian for the past couple days. Dean doesn’t know what to do. He’s been making himself scarce. Everyone is tense. Lucifer, Michael, and Gabriel have all been here multiple times. Gabriel is the only one that Castiel actually seems to talk to. They disappear behind the office doors for a while, and the only thing he can hear is Russian, so eavesdropping wouldn’t do any good.
Gabriel thins his lips a little concerned. “Is he cool with people being gay?”
Charlie snorts a small laugh at that, but she is still in shock. “Get. Out.”
a voice that sounds like his mother’s says.
“So you think maybe he knows he likes men, but is just being bullheaded?” Gabriel inquires.
"Cas," Dean laughs. "It's a five minute walk. I'll be fine."
“Yes, but I need to ask you not to drive it without someone following you. I've given Benny and Gadreel a motorcycle as well so you will be able to ride when you want."
“I just didn’t take into account actually falling for you,” It comes out as a whisper, but he knows the alpha heard him. There are unshed tears in Dean’s eyes, making his vision blurry. Fuck, why is he about to cry?
The door bursts open, making Dean and Sam snap their heads toward it. Benny comes barreling in because he must have smelt Sam’s rage and Dean’s distress from thoughts of his memories. He more than likely thought Dean was in danger.
When Tuesday rolls around, Dean has the new episode of Mishapocalypse to look forward to. He settles down on the couch next to his brother, dinner in hand, ready to watch the episode completely unaware of Sam's inconspicuous fidgeting.
Dammit, Cas, Dean is trying so damn hard to not have a damn crush on you. You can't go and do something like that!
When Gabriel is done repeating the question he continues, "Alright, and part two, who was Misha talking to?"
Dean shrugs, shoving his hands in his pockets trying to be nonchalant, and trying to not let his inner fanboy come out in public. "Yeah, I'll come with you."
Dean cringes. That did sound like Dean was expecting Cas to force him, but he hadn't meant it that way. He's just surprised is all. "Man," Dean sighs, rubbing his face and flattening his ears to his head. "I'm messing this up. I didn't mean to make it sound like you'd force me. I just wasn't expecting that option is all." Dean groans and leans back. "Here I am comparing you to other alphas again after I said I wouldn't."
“Sam,” Dean walks to the bottom of the stairs watching Sam’s back as he closes the door behind him. “I was kidding. Sam, come on.” Dean sighs rubbing the back of his neck staring up the stairs waiting to see if Sam will come back out, but he knows he isn’t going to. He’ll get over it, he always does. All he needs is a little space, so that’s what Dean gives him.
Dean puts a hand on his stomach and thins his lips. “This will be okay, don’t worry little guy.” Dean looks down at his hand and cracks a shaky smile. “I’m gonna protect you.” Dean chuckles, turning around and leaning his back against the cool window. “This place could even be great for you to grow up, you know, if it weren’t for the fact the mafia lives here.”
Gabriel takes them on a little tour of the place, mainly just showing them where the bathrooms are and where they can't go today because filming. Their last stop is the food.
He cracks his eyes open and squints at the morning bright room. He freezes in his spot. This isn’t his room. The next moment, there’s a soft knock on the door and Castiel’s eyes jolt to it. Standing in the cracked doorway is Dean, who’s offering a smile, and Castiel feels a mixture of panic and relief. Relieved that he didn’t get taken home by some John, but panicked because what happened last night?
"It is now."
The corner of Cas' lips twitch up in amusement. "I don't know how well that would go over with management."
“I’ve found out some interesting information about you, Bart.” Castiel looks up now, meeting his eyes. “I didn’t want to have to do this, but you’ve left me no choice. So, before this gets hairier than it needs to be, why don’t you tell me why Alistair sent you to harm one of my omegas.”
“How far along are you?”
“I don’t even know how I do it some days.”
“Mate?” The man wheezes again.
“So you … shot him?”
"Are you feeling unwell?" He finally asks, looking like he finally gathered his mob boss persona back together.
Sam scoffs standing up grabbing their empty chinese containers to throw them away. “No, I don’t.”
He can’t let him off that easy though, so he grabs his napkin and throws it towards him, as if that would actually do any harm. "You assholes." Michael shies away from the napkin and laughs more. Castiel shakes his head before joining in.
Sam slowly nods. “What do you know about gay people accepting themselves?”
“Is there anything you want in particular for dinner? Does anything upset your stomach?”
Novak by pure luck.
Dean, seemingly realizing how this looks, stands and rubs the back of his neck. “Oh, this is, uh, my place. Sorry, I didn’t know the passcode on your phone so I couldn’t call anyone for you, and I looked around for your brothers at the club, but they weren’t there.” Dean gives an unsure shrug. “So I brought you back here so Sammy could look you over and make sure you were okay. He studied as a doctor, so I figured,” he let his sentence trail off and shrugs again.
He thinks back on last night, remembering how he asked Cas if he hated him. Dean groans, his face heating up. He buries his face in Cas’ scent once more before rubbing the sleep from his eyes. There is light streaming in through the large windows. Now that he pulled his face from Cas’ scent, he smells coffee and bacon. He stiffly sits up with another groan.
"Wait…" Dean says leaning forward suddenly connecting what they left hanging. "Misha is…"
· 5 hours ago
Cas’ eyes light up in amusement. “Not at all, I’ll be in my office.”
Nobody would have known that unless they were around Cas when he was growing up.
Cas comes over from picking up the chinese at the elevator and places it on the coffee table in the living room. Dean is cuddled up in some blankets that Cas wrapped around him. Cas hands him the chicken Dean ordered and takes his own, sitting on the couch right beside Dean, his wings relaxing over the back.
“There’s no way she could have forgotten someone like you.” Sam looks up with a shocked expression. Dean isn’t making a joke about it and he is actually being nice, he wasn’t expecting that. Dean shrugs. “You were such a goofy looking squirt I’m sure nobody could forget you.”
was though, Sam isn't sure, not exactly.
“Alright,” Balthazar scans the crowd before looking back at him. “Just, don’t go disappearing on me this time. I don’t want another heart attack.” He winks and leaves before Castiel can say anything.
"Oh? Where are you planning on going?" Castiel looks rather intrigued and surprised by the coincidence.
“There’s something I want...” Dean trails off, moving the tray of food to the bottom of the bed. He twists to his nightstand, where his clothes are folded. Reaching in the pocket of his leather jacket, he pulls out the sonogram Meg took. He turns back, resting himself against his pillow. He stares at it before holding it out to Cas. “Here.”
Castiel takes a deep breath and goes back to the kitchen when the Impala drives out of sight. His siblings are eerily silent as they clean up the meal. Not wanting to know why they’re all quiet, he begins helping.
“Cas-”
An hour passes when Dean hears the elevator ding and a doorbell sounds throughout the penthouse. He glances over from where he’s sitting on the couch and sees Meg walk in.
A.R.T.s
"Shut up and run, Dean!"
· 5 hours ago
"Yeah, he smiled when he met Dean's eyes and it just made him look … relaxed."
That means, if Sam lives here, Dean can’t really leave the mafia in order to be with him since they would still be in the same city. Which would make finding Dean very easy for someone with the manpower Cas has. They could always move.
They aren't expecting to catch the killer in the act. Not in the day, and especially not in the most crowded part of the university. Right now, they’re just looking for any kind of suspicious activity.
львенок - baby lion (term of endearment)
No, no that isn’t right. He shouldn’t let himself sink into that mindset again.
“Just focus on me, baby. I promise I’ll be gentle.”
Cas hums, looking even more displeased with his answer. "So why were you at the omega clinic?"
Cas mutters for Dean to wait a second before he disappears. Dean watches him leave somewhere then all of a sudden the stage lights flick on and Dean's attention is drawn back to the now lit stage. Cas comes back a few seconds after, and Dean doesn't even try to hide the smile from creeping on his face. He glances to Cas wiggling his brows to show his excitement, and Cas smiles warmly. Seeing Dean this happy is enough to relinquish any fear Cas had previously.
"Of course," Cas says like its truly no problem at all.
"Castiel, who's your friend? He guest starring on the show?"
Gabriel gives a mock hurt expression. "I would never."
“This Sunday’s a bad time for me.” He frowns, looking genuinely apologetic. “Maybe next Sunday, if this is a regular thing?”
Dean looks impressed and smiles again. “What’s that like?”
“I’m never alone,” Dean mutters. When Cas doesn’t say anything, Dean sighs and rubs his face. “Fine, okay, how does this work then?”
Cas squints at him like he’s contemplating something. “Nobody is here but us, there is nothing to be embarrassed about.” He regards Dean. “In Russia, alphas often feed their omegas like this. I am aware it is uncommon in America, but I would like to if it is okay with you.”
(See the end of the chapter for
Gabriel smiles at Castiel's slightly surprised look that's on his face after he just told him everything about their plan. Castiel sighs and runs a hand down his face, not really knowing what to say. He's shocked Dean is questioning his sexuality, and he knows Sam, Gabriel, and Charlie only want to help, but he doesn't really know if what they're planning on doing is right.
Dean thins his lips. “Is he..?”
“Go ahead,” Dean says, keeping his voice quiet. “I’ll take care of you.”
Dean makes a face of agreement and nods. "Yeah, you're right." He pulls out his phone and shoots Cas a quick text.
Charlie looks to Sam a little worried. "You don't think Dean is going to be upset about this, do you?"
"Right, right, one bowl of lettuce coming right up Roger Rabbit." Dean smiles leaving their room. Just as Dean leaves the room his phone starts to vibrate in his butt pocket. He arches a brow and takes it out to look at the ID, but he wishes he didn't. Damn bill collectors, as if he didn't already know he is barely making his payments as is, they need to hound him for his money he doesn't currently have too.
That being said, this is my first story with the main character as someone with major mafia involvement. I did research, but I could have easily messed some things up, so I apologize if you catch something that’s wrong. Don't be afraid to call me out on it. Constructive criticism is welcome.
This makes the alpha jerk and look up with widened eyes. Or, as wide as he can get them since they’re swollen. Castiel doesn’t bother looking at him, eyes still scanning the pages.
"Congrats on your win, Dean-o." Gabriel looks back to the crowd. "And thank you all for participating in our game. I'm going to go over the answers now. For question one, they found the gang who killed Sharlot. Question two, no, Misha doesn’t know any blood relatives. Question three, The episode was called "Lullaby" and Matt was the one who convinced him. Question four, No Misha never had any children, but Sharlot was pregnant when she was killed. And lastly, question five, Misha was talking to Matt, and the complete speech is:
The light wind rustles the feathers of Cas’ wings and toustles his dark hair. They stand there in companionable silence for a while until Cas breaks it.
“Why don’t you put the gun down there, Freelancer,” Benny growls, eyes laser-focused on Sam.
“I’m fine, Balthazar.” He smiles to really sell it, but the look on his brother’s face tells him he isn’t buying it. He sighs. “If I need to be bailed out, I’ll come find you.” That seems to mollify him.
Michael's mouth is hanging open just slightly, then he closes it immediately after and then opens it again. His brother clears his throat and nods. "So this guy,"
“Inias,” He says hesitantly.
Вы говорите по-русски? - Do you speak Russian?
*****
Sam turns his attention back to his brother, slightly shocked at how genuine the words sounded. Sam was expecting Dean to make a lighthearted joke to lighten up the mood and tell him not to worry. What Sam wasn't expecting was Dean genuinely asking what there is to be disappointed about because he can't think of any possibility that there's anything to be disappointed over.
Misha smiles at himself in the mirror running his hands over any imperfections in his suit to straighten them out, he then runs a hand over his face so he isn’t smiling anymore. The look in his eyes gives Dean the chills. Just like that, Misha looks like a completely different person, almost cold. It’s as if he and his old self got a divorce and now it’s a completely different man. His acting skills are impeccable.
Yes, there always seems to be something floating around. People are very dedicated to find something out about me that they didn’t already know.
If you’re not gay, or straight, what would you identify as?
Cas slides the box toward Dean, without speaking. Dean pulls it toward himself the rest of the way before opening the top and looking inside. He takes a sharp breath and quickly reaches in to grab the gun. The metal shines where the light hits it and he looks over the weapon. Right on the barrel are the initials M.W. in cursive and he feels his heart swell.
Fine. C’mon dad, I think there’s a room free down this way...
You were never just going to leave, were you.
You couldn’t have just asked?
You lied to me? You knew all along?
Next moves?
Why would I run with scissors?
Jack, can you still hear them?
CLAIRE
Hold up, hold up. I know you guys have been going through “management changes” or whatever, but last time I checked heaven was memory road, not the Apple Store.
CUT TO
We’ll figure something out. We always do. Besides. It’s dad. What’s the worst he’s gonna do to us?
You’re overthinking this, man. I mean, it’s
JOHN DARNIELLE (v.o.)
I used to.
If there’s one thing I learned from my eons as an angel. It’s that my brothers and sisters never shut up. It’s likely they’re blocking you out. Something’s going on up there. Something they don’t want us to know about.
So, what? Is dad involved? Did she want him back with us? What’s the catch?
Dean will never let you get away with this.
Less awesome.
true. Little Castiel finally gave it up to a human. Surprised you waited so long for him to put out, Dean Winchester.
You want to come with me?
Come on, Jack-
Claire, take Jack and go find Dean-
Dad, back off. We have work to do.
Of course I knew. I mean, not at first. The whole no memories thing, that was true. But after your brother started telling me a bit about your mother, I decided to place a call while you were gone. You see, the angels and I want the same thing: sweet little Jack and Castiel dead.
Are you ever going to tell me about what happened with her?
He shouldn’t have to do this.
We tried, Dad. We tried to fix things.
But I'm not tired!
Eileen’s- she’s uh. She’s a hunter. We’ve worked with her on a few cases.
Concentrate. Can you hear any specific voices?
They grow up so fast.
It’s too dangerous, the angels could still want you, we can’t,
I don’t think so, not that I could hear. But, Cas, their leader-
Right, so what’s the big deal about ganking one or two more? Look, Naomi’s had it coming for years now.
Dean-
CUT TO:
CLAIRE
INT - THE ENTRYWAY OF THE BUNKER
You were always too soft. Too
You’re too much like him, sometimes. Fine. I won’t make you leave, but you have to stay out of the way and protect Jack.
So what about Dean?
Yeah, is it some kinda angel brainwashing that’s making him act like that or what? Did he get the ol’ Naomi special?
As far as I’m concerned, all heaven needs to do is mind their own damn business. But, fine. Say I’m on board with letting her go. We doing this now? Bringing her here?
Hello!
I’m not your sister anymore, I haven’t been for a long time. See, I never bought all of that. I always knew what you were. Deep down, you were just a pathetic little boy who needed someone big and strong to take care of him.
Hey, Jack. Surprised you recognized me when I’m not, you know. On the brink of death.
INT - FANCY RESTAURANT IN OMAHA, EVENING.
Dean!
a monster. He’s my
JOHN DARNIELLE (v.o.)
Well, at least he hasn’t left a trail of bastards across the country.
Dad was in heaven, remember?
Will you stay?
Cassie.
Whatever, man. Look, I think our plan is pretty foolproof. Dad’s tough but he’s. You know. Reasonable. Maybe you’re right Maybe if we just tell him to go...he’ll go. But if he doesn’t...
I guess...
We gotta brief him on what happened. If we tell him now, with Jack safe with Claire, he’ll have some time to cool down. If we just explain-
What are you talking about?
think he’ll want to stick around?
Just a couple of werewolves. Cas still making you study for that stupid test?
Because, uh,
Of course, Dean.
Hey, hey. Cas, you don’t need to thank me.
It’s been a long time coming.
Night Dean, night Sam. Uh, goodnight Mr. Winchester.
The hell, dad?
...I’ll never,
It’s alright, Jack. We’ll still be here in the morning, I can make pancakes.
Dean...Castiel...they’re in danger.
Dean, I’m talking about your father.
Isn’t that what you wanted, though? Your whole life? To be...be just like your daddy? And now you can. I mean, you even got two brats of your own now-
You’re the monster that killed my Mary.
You forget, boy. I raised you. I know when you’re protecting someone. So tell me. Who is it? What about that kid of yours?
She was out of the picture, big miracles like that...they’re still a one and done kinda thing. We’re aren’t exactly
He did. Claire is, uh. It’s a long story.
No. No way.
Dean, this might not just be for one weekend, if John stays-
Yeah. Well. We can still see him for Thanksgiving. Like a normal family.
We tried! But Dad, there was nothing we could do! There wasn’t-
CUT TO:
So? He abandoned us for less when we were kids.
CUT TO:
INT - THE ENTRANCE TO THE BUNKER, NIGHT
PATTI SMITH (v.o.)
But we’ve always won. We’ve always found a way. Did you never think that maybe one day you could really do it? That you’d finally be free?
maybe. But...you?
And your angels? They didn’t do shit, either?
Oh, is
You’d hate that, though. The apple pie life, proms, graduations, all in the same dead end town? That’s never been you.
I did?
Is she here?
More importantly, why. I mean, we’ve been saying it over and over again. It’s supposed to be done, you know. Things are supposed to be normal.
CUT TO:
But Patience-
Yeah, well. I remember you also saying that “good things do happen”, but all we got was ten years of shit.
Wasn’t your dad literally Satan?
Course he did, guess that makes you my little brother, then. Come on, you can drop your shit inside.
I like this!
Hiya Cas. Sam.
Sure, can’t stay too long, though. Sam and I have to head out pretty soon.
Right. Of course. Of course not.
I know I haven’t always been...With Jack it hasn’t always been...look. I’m not winning any father of the year awards, and sometimes I worry that dad’s right and I’m more like him than I think. But I love the kid. I’d do anything for him. He’s my kid. My boy.
It’s alright, Dean. How did the hunt go?
What are you talking about? I’m just peachy. Chuck’s dead, Lucifer’s dead, Rowena’s keeping hell in check, you, Jack, and Sammy are all alive. Dad’s...back. Once we get to the bottom of this angel thing I’ll be just great.
Do you think they’ll ever let me go home? Maybe they just didn’t want me there.
, Dad. Jack’s a good kid. And he’s mine. Our family ain’t just you, me, and Sam anymore. A lot has changed since you’ve been gone. You know. Different priorities, and all.
You good, Cas?
CLAIRE
It’s just not what us hunters do.
Leave him alone!
You’re kidding me, that’s it?
What do you mean?
man cave. And chicks have lived here too-
No way, Dean and Cas are just being overprotective. As usual. Look, once they clear that their dad isn’t some evil zombie hell-bent on killing everyone, it’ll be safe for you to go home.
, but I feel-
, uh no. Nothing...that. Much.
, sir, he’s
You know, don’t you?
CLAIRE
] “family don’t end in blood, boy.”
CLAIRE
That’s not what I asked.
Lucifer was never my father. Castiel is. And Dean. And they would never hurt me. Even Dean wouldn’t. They love me. Parents are supposed to do that. Aren’t they?
Dean-
Guessing you two had a good
Yes, of course. Why, what did you think?
JOHN DARNIELLE (v.o.)
It’s fine, Jack.
Claire? Jack? The hell are you two doing here? I thought we said to stay at Jody’s?
He’ll be fine. I won’t let anything happen to him. To either of you.
, who
Wait, Jack might be right. The hallway. What do you remember about the hallway?
There wasn’t enough left of her.
As long as he doesn’t know about Jack it’s fine. It’s dad, man. You know how he is.
I’m not sure if that’s wise-
CLAIRE
No, dad. Tell me. Why do you want to know about Dean so badly? Why don’t you tell me exactly what it is you’re so afraid of?
You didn’t need to say it, Dean. I told you, I’m happy just to love you, I’m happy that you know I do.
No. Absolutely not.
CUT TO:
We need you safe.
Yeah, but has he ever tried to...come on to you?
Yeah?
Night Jack.
How much do you know?
I get that you’re trying to protect us, or whatever. But we know what’s going on. We know how much this sucks for you guys, and we’re gonna help. Whether you like it or not.
ANAEL
I don’t know what you want me to say.
Jack doesn’t quite understand how to count money.
I’m gonna go hang up my coat.
Just Dean giving you shit for it. So, you finally got a woman in your life?
That’s not fair!
me? Well.
I didn’t realize you needed teams for Monopoly.
Don’t talk back to me, boy.
Claire...I am sorry. If you felt like we’d abandoned you, or didn’t care about you-
Wow. I mean
. I was joking before but you really
Well, I want you to know that you always have a place here. With us. If you ever want.
Yeah, I know. I’m just a big softie.
Yeah.
Dean...you don’t have to do this.
Yeah, not much else to find after killing God, I bet.
That's not what I'm talking about-
Hey, Cas is different, okay. We didn’t “tame” him, he’s here with us because he’s family.
So. You're Satan's kid.
What?
Dean...I’m sorry I didn’t tell you before.
What?
It’s not their fault. If they could’ve done
CLAIRE
That’s awful...How can we help them?
Cas I told you- this life...there’s always going to be another monster, there’s always going to be another apocalypse to stop.
last night.
I do?
Claire? She does?
Please, I don’t have to use mind reading powers to see plain as day that you’re exactly the way you are because daddy used to-
No, no. It’s all good. C’mere, buddy.
What are you doing here? I thought you were at Jody’s?
It’s alright, Cas. It’s okay.
Dean likes to pretend nothing ever happened to him. He thinks if he pushes everything down nothing will hurt him and he won’t hurt anyone. It’s stupid and reckless. And doesn’t work.
It’s okay, Jack. They’ll tell you when you’re older.
Seems pretty big to me.
No I'm serious, if there's a case-
Dean...you’re a good man. You’re a good father.
But I
Don’t apologize Cas. I had it covered. I’m just- just glad you’re alright, man.
Dean- he’s not going to leave. The angels, they sent him here to kill Jack-
I know that your mother came back. I know that you lost her again. Nobody will tell me how she died. I just know you boys gave up on her.
Whoa, does the angel express
God. Long story. Mind filling Cas and Jack in on what you remember?
Do you ever miss it?
It was an accident, dad. She was with us for a few years, hunted with us, saved our asses, but. Last year...on a job.
Can it, Sammy.
CLAIRE
Or what it means for Jack’s grace.
Any women in his life?
They have a new ruler, I think. They like her. She has a plan, something the angels think are going to keep them safe.
WAITER
Well. Had a sister.
You shouldn’t have to. I don’t want to see you hurting. None of us do.
Please, Anael. This is important.
She’s talking about loose ends. You know. You guys might’ve put the universe back together, but there’s still adjustments to be made.
It’s late, and you’ve exerted yourself. I believe it is past your bedtime.
Well, looks like we’ve got a case.
CLAIRE
He would say that. Where's Cas?
Yeah, it was her way of thanking Dean, I guess. The way Dean explained it, he helped her get someone she needed, she got someone she thought Dean needed. And it was...it was nice, having her around.
CLAIRE
Oh, great.
You’re overreacting, man. If someone told me my wife disintegrated, I’d freak too.
funny Sam.
CLAIRE
Sleeping, I think...He sleeps a lot now. Did you notice?
So what’s the plan, then?
A lot of this world might be new to me, but something tells me you boys better have experience catching and killing angels. Or at least taming them.
CLAIRE
I guess.
Really? Cuz the last time I checked,
Dean won’t tell me. Ask Claire.
at them. What you did to Sam, to
Well, unless you have another angel on speed dial, you’d better ask nicely.
Don’t call him that.
This is so unfair. You get to live in the batcave? They made
Unfortunately, this isn’t something that can just go away with magic. I’m afraid there’s only so much we can do ourselves. But, the first step is finding out who sent John Winchester back here, and finding out how to send him back.
Now look at you. No wings, no grace. Nothing without your little boyfriend.
But when we first met, I wanted to understand you. I wanted to know everything about you.
CLAIRE
But I understand that this is a difficult position for you, choosing between Jack and your father-
John Winchester, I think it’s time for you to leave.
Four. Anael.
I thought you said the hunt went fine.
Who is it?
Jack, you
CLAIRE
Yeah?
ANAEL
You know, I’m surprised you boys have settled down like this.
It's the SAT. And I have to, Dean. Sam says that college is awesome.
You track down whatever brought me here, question it, kill it whatever. Then what? You boys gonna send me back?
Jody’s working late tonight, and Alex is on a tinder date with some dude named Tyler, so it’s just us and Patience tonight. I’m thinking we can order pizza and break into Jody’s liquor cabinet or something.
Wasn’t she?
Bobby had a house, didn’t he? Most of our friends have home bases, now that I think about it. Growing up, moving around every two weeks. I guess that was more a Winchester thing than anything else.
What’s a man cave?
For what?
Mom’s death. That’s what I came to talk to you about. It was an accident.
Ain’t that cute-
I’m just worried.
? It’s a yes or no question, Sammy.
EILEEN
CLAIRE
Is Jody? Donna?
BLACK OUT.
CUT TO:
No, that’s not Anael’s style. She prefers to play both sides.
Alright, I gotta go. And hey, we’ll bring back leftovers.
So what’s your game here?
Someone busted him out. But, who?
Mary was the same.
be here. Dean is telling his father about Mary right now, and I know it wasn’t your fault, we all do. But John won’t see it that way, and he’s
Dean, what you did for Jack...I just wanted to say thank you. I know it couldn’t have been easy-
She’s, uh. She’s good. Just wrapped up a hunt out in Michigan. Some witch cursed all the women in town to cheat on their husbands.
There wasn’t what, Sam.
come live with us. We have so many rooms! Or we could get bunk beds! You can be on my team when we play Monopoly!
Oh. Okay! But why do I have to go to Jody’s?
Where the hell are we headed, anyways.
monsters with them before! They know I’m good in a fight! I don’t know what they’re so scared of this time.
It’s nice not having to save the world anymore.
family. You, me, Sam, your mother...
kid? Jesus I didn’t think you queers could pop them out that fast.
Haven’t even seen him. But Dean, I know you said there was nothing wrong, but we seriously gotta start thinking about next moves here.
You’re not ready.
You know, for your information, Sammy, we
Fight me all you want, but we both know you’re not strong enough to stop me.
right? What was it he always says, [
Yeah. That’s what I thought.
Whatever you’re thinking, you’re wrong, okay? Jack, he might not look it, but he’s just a kid. And it was hard for me too, at first, but you gotta believe me, it wasn’t Jack’s fault.
So the she-god, god’s sister, or whatever. She couldn’t have just snapped her fingers and brought her back again?
You and Jack don’t need to get mixed up in Winchester bullshit. I mean, don’t get me wrong. You guys are family, but you don’t need the baggage.
Castiel, huh? I assume that makes you the angel. I gotta say. You’re not what I expected.
CLAIRE
Kaia!
PATTI SMITH (v.o.)
Yeah, sure. Whatever, I'm happy. Hell, thrilled.
What? Antichrist or grandkid?
What’s the deal with Jack, anyways? Are you guys just gonna leave him with Jody forever?
Nothing. Some hallway.
I can hear them, I can hear them talking but I can’t make out any words.
What?
Morning, dad.
Jack, stay back-
You’re not?
But he does-
Accidents don’t happen. Not on hunts.
Sam. If there’s something you’re not telling me-
Sorry, sorry. It’s just...you gotta admit it’s a little funny.
Are you guys working a case?
PATTI SMITH (v.o.)
You were gone so much, I missed you.
CLAIRE
You see, the angels and I, we had a little deal. Turns out we share a goal. I want revenge on the thing that killed my wife. And the angels? Well they just want the traitorous whore and his spawn dead.
You don’t hold a gun to a teenager’s head unless you got hit as a kid. Claire, I know you love him, but the guy is seriously messed up.
Do you think he ever realized that that’s like, a gay thing?
Best we could, haven’t updated it in a while though.
EILEEN
But I want to. Dean,
You ever gonna ask her to move in?
ANAEL
Can it, Cheryl Blossom.
Don’t listen to her, Jack.
CUT TO:
Dean’s a great father. As is Castiel.
Jack–
I know, sir. I- I was with Sam.
I’m happy for you, son. Sounds like you did pretty well for yourself there.
EILEEN
PATIENCE
Don't give me that. You know who.
Well, I gotta say I’m impressed. You kept it updated?
Why not?
Because he’s family.
I mean, I think my ride passed out during storytime, so yeah.
ANAEL
Really? Cuz from where I stand, it seems like coming back from the dead is no big thing. I’ve come back, you’ve come back, Dean’s come back, hell even you even brought your little pet angels back to life. So tell me, why the hell couldn’t you save the one person that matters in your goddamn lives?
I’m sorry, was I intruding-
No, sir.
Not really.
Good riddance. It’s about time those feathery dicks left us alone.
Claire, take your brother outside, as fast as you can.
You know exactly what we’re talking about. Naomi’s in charge and the next thing you know we have an escaped soul from heaven. What’s her game plan, here?
Well. Ain’t this domestic.
We’re...looking at apartments. Not that I don’t love the bunker, and living with you guys, and all that. It’s just- Now that things are finally okay, we kinda want to...
Dean, that’s not helping.
You sure you’re good, Cas?
Sorry, were we not supposed to bring that up?
JOHN DARNIELLE (v.o.)
But no. I don't. But whatever it was, probably figured you boys needed my help.
So, what? We’re just gonna keep walking on eggshells, trying to keep Jack out of sight, hoping nobody slips up and mentions it? I mean, Dean, we’re gonna have to tell him eventually. Could you imagine if he found out from Jack?
You’re right, Cas. It’s not.
Good, what are they saying?
Yeah dad, sure.
Go find Dean. I need to check up on a few things. And Jack?
Well. I gotta say, boys. Surprised to see you're still alive after all these years.
CUT TO:
Yeah. First lesson of high school. It’s nothing like
that!
You can’t be serious. Naomi? The chick who brainwashed you into killing me, killing
You know, the cacio e pepe is excellent here.
CLAIRE
He killed your mom.
No, sir.
tired.
So you left her alone?
Don’t you dare. Don’t you dare even
He’s my father.
CUT TO
What about me?
How about we get you set up with a room, right now.
JOHN DARNIELLE (v.o.)
ANAEL
Yeah yeah. Hey, it’s a useful skill. And my burgers are
Yeah.
And you? Are you gonna keep going-
Did I miss something?
Hey, uh, when you said that you knew dad from my uh, memories...like, which memories are we talking?
And then kill them.
And, uh, be our backup. That way, if any of us need help you can just fly over and rescue us.
I do.
Shit, she’s having a vision.
Everyone always hated you, you know. But they still talked about you. Castiel the upstart, the youngest garrison leader, the one almost single handedly responsible for our extinction, the one who rebelled in ways that Lucifer couldn’t even dream of.
CLAIRE
Yeah, well. It's been rough.
Cas. It’s not a hard choice at all.
CLAIRE
Yeah. Well. Our life is a joke. But, uh. You were right, earlier. We’ve been tangling with angels for years-
me! They said I was here to be their backup!
I did. It was my mistake. I'm sorry.
if it’s really safe out there yet. How do we know there won’t be some new threat that comes to ruin our lives again?
And what about your lives has ever been normal?
Are you happy he’s back? Really happy?
I loved your mother, you know that.
INT - THE DEAN CAVE, NIGHT
No, that’s not true. They said I’m their super important backup. They wouldn’t treat me like...
Come on, Dean. You have to admit, the guy’s...you know.
We’ll have to be careful. She’s in a very important position right now. If she goes missing, the rest of the angels are bound to notice.
Patience? Patience what are you seeing?
CLAIRE
Why don't you get me caught up.
This would be easier if I could still connect to angel radio.
Over ten years ago? Yeah.
It’s just, it’s not really my place to say.
Yeah, no offense, Cas, but the two of us combined are probably a hell of a lot tougher than you old dudes.
So, I’m guessing you’re Jack.
Hi Sam.
Nope.
INT. - THE HALLWAY OUTSIDE OF THE BEDROOMS
But having...having the guts to
Dean...I’m sorry.
But our parents-
Yeah but, Dean, he’s your kid.
I miss healing, though. A few weeks ago, I’d be able to take away your pain with just a touch. But now...
Yeah. For now at least.
What?
If someone told me 15 years ago that the antichrist would be the closest thing I’d ever have to a grandkid...
As do you, Castiel. Being a housewife really suits you.
Yeah. Nothing like his dad.
ANAEL
. Bobby, Rufus...they tried to help. But Dean, you know him, he’d never say a bad word against Dad. Even when everyone could see the bruises.
What do you mean “no”?
Cut the crap, Dean. You’ve got a state of the art war bunker with friggin
I raised you to do two things, boy. Kill monsters and avenge your mother. And if you’re too soft to put that abomination down, I’ll do it myself.
Look, Cas. It’s fine. It was a long time ago. You’ve, you know. Grown up since then. I’m not mad. But there’s...there’s a lot of shit you don’t really understand about how me and Sam grew up.
I am nothing-
Alright. Goodnight, Dean.
CLAIRE
But John Winchester, he’s a Winchester, too. He’s part of our family.
Home. The bunker. It's uh. A long story.
Yes. I have watched much of Dean’s life. As preparation for raising him from the pit.
I wish you would just be honest with me, Dean.
Ooh, and this is the store room me and Dean got locked in once!
Night Dean, thanks for the beer. And killing your dad for us.
What happened.
It’s not working. Maybe they’re just not talking anymore.
I think we both know I can’t do that, Dean.
Psychics aren’t always right. Nothing bad’s going to happen.
What the hell was I supposed to do, Cas? I was a
But- if the angels sent Mr. Winchester back, isn’t that a good thing? When you came back, I was happy. Why aren’t Sam and Dean happy?
So...how’s Eileen?
Hang on, I thought you said Satan only had one kid-
I’m really proud of you, Dean.
I’m giving you an out because you’re my dad, and I don’t want to hurt you. But if you even think about touching my family, I’ll do what I have to do.
make you that dizzy?
Like I said. Just a normal hallway, all white, nasty fluorescents, gave me a headache. Doors were all shut. Looked like some office building.
FLASHBACK:
ANAEL
Yeah. I showed you my room back at Jody’s. I bet yours is way cooler.
You’d think someone would’ve told him by now.
THE ROAD SO FAR:
Okay, look. I’m not exactly on Heaven’s “need to know” list, but I’ve heard rumors.
Well, thank you. But I have to be ready to fly back at any moment, in case my fathers need me.
me understand.
I think it would be wise to confer with some of the surviving angels, maybe they could tell us what Naomi is planning, for all we know, she wants us to summon her.
But what if he hurts Dean?
ANAEL
So I’m taking her last name?
Well, Naomi is a very...capable leader. I can understand why the angels would feel safer with her ruling-
But if you were on my team instead of Cas we could win! So will you stay?
You know, I really thought you were gonna be a chick.
WAITER
Cheers.
Jessica.
About Dean’s love life? You know, I don’t see how it’s any of your business, dad.
CLAIRE
I’ve been alive for millenia. I’ve observed more humans than you could ever know...but you had the brightest soul I’ve ever seen. Even in hell, shining like a beacon.
I'm not avoiding him, okay?
Ah, this is about your dear old dad, then? I still don’t understand, what are you so worried about? Aren’t you thrilled?
You heard that?
CUT TO
Oh, yeah on second thought I’m like,
How many apocalypses have we had to deal with, again?
Yeah. First thing I knew about you.
FLASHBACK:
You think?
So, dad. You don't remember
INT - THE BUNKER LIBRARY, EVENING
CLAIRE
Anyways. Why is your father back? I thought we’d fixed everything after killing Chuck, that everything was supposed to be normal.
Actually, it’s their dad.
Want your head on a spike.
Can’t sort out their own emotional baggage. Come on, let’s go find Patience.
What?
Dean-
The hunt was fine, there was just. Uh, something that came up after. I was gonna tell you this morning-
I didn’t know how. Dean.
No way, kid. Too risky. For all we know you could be walking right into a trap.
Yeah, well. He's got what, a million years of never sleeping to catch up on?
Yeah, well. I was never really good at the whole “following orders” thing.
WAITRESS
So it was Sammy’s then? Or maybe your little angel wifey?
Wait, you know Dad?
INT - THE IMPALA, LATE AFTERNOON
Dean, stop.
Like what? A kid? Look, if you’re anything like me, I’m gonna guess that Cas babies you, and Dean was a jerk at first but now he won’t even let you run with scissors.
Back off, feathers. Your boss owes us big time. She’ll probably get all smitey on you if you ice a Winchester.
If you see John Winchester...just stay out of his way.
Well, we’re...together.
Sam is right.
CLAIRE
CLAIRE
I understand the confusion. Technically angels do not have the same concept as gender as you humans do. However, before Jimmy Novak I did use a female vessel.
tried. She meant a lot to him, too.
...Your mother is she- is she
Dean...
I’m fine Dean, same as always.
CUT TO:
You’re not mad?
CUT TO:
CUT TO:
PATTI SMITH (v.o.)
He should know by now that I always will.
Well, I mean Dean’s dad used to hit him, right?
Look, Dad. About mom...there’s something we need to tell you.
CLAIRE
You good, Cas?
No, Dean,
I don’t give a damn how safe they feel. Hell, I’ve got a mind to march on up to her little cloud and gank her myself.
They’re called white claws, Claire, and they’re
CLAIRE
CLAIRE
CUT TO:
CLAIRE
He’s not, we’re not going to let it come to that. But you two need to
INT - THE BUNKER LIBRARY, DAY
I’m talking about it now, don’t see why we have to wait hand and foot on her high and mighty ass...
Well, we just heard Jody on the phone this morning and-
Like you can breathe again.
You...son of a bitch. I didn’t think...you had it in ya.
We’ve drank for worse. Cheers.
Yeah, thanks. I, uh. Call it the Dean Cave.
Excuse me?
Are we summoning Naomi? Are we gonna try and get any more answers?
CUT TO:
CLAIRE
I’m...I’m fine. I’m
No...Cas is right. Dean, we’ve only
Can't promise that. If a case comes up-
I can handle it.
I know it’s not easy for you-
Yeah, well, news flash Sammy: the monsters don't stop just because we save the world. Never have.
CUT TO
Yeah, for babies, maybe.
Heads up, sunshine.
CLAIRE
Nice place you got here.
And they said Anael was good for nothing, how kind of her to lead us right to you.
Yeah. it is.
INT. THE BUNKER KITCHEN - NIGHTTIME.
And I just. I don’t know. I don’t know if we’re like, ready for that yet.
He seemed...scared. He and Sam. And, the way he talked to them, the way he talked about Castiel...I’m afraid, too. I don’t know why.
Yeah, hard no on that one.
Hunt gone wrong. We thought we had the thing but...
Dean I’m sorry, I wasn’t-
I’m sorry, what you went through as a child, it might not be my place-
INT. THE ENTRYWAY OF THE BUNKER - MORNING
INT - JACK’S ROOM, DAY
BLACK OUT.
Uh, dad. This is Castiel. Cas, this is-
Yeah? You wear a frilly apron, too? Sing show tunes while you do it? You’re getting soft, Dean.
Three less, after that dinner.
Night, angel.
Come on, we both know Dean. Is he still breaking waitresses’ hearts across the country or is there anyone special in his life?
Is it too morbid to say cheers?
Sorry boys, you guys must’ve forgotten how to take a joke these past couple of years.
You’ve almost got it. Stay focused.
Maybe normal ones can’t, but this one’s had a few upgrades.
You know, I never got to meet that other girl you were so crazy about, what was her name -
Sam. Just because Dean won’t talk about his childhood, doesn’t mean that I don’t know what happened.
He's family.
No, no dude. Just the bunker. He can, you know, do his own thing. Get back to hunting and all that.
God has a sister?
The usual. Killed the werewolves, saved the hikers, skipped town before the cops could ask us anything.
EILEEN
CLAIRE
CLAIRE
That was it?
Look. It’s just...it’s been a long night. I woke you up. I think we should both just, uh. Get some sleep.
And why wouldn’t I be staying? This is the first time I’ve seen you boys in 10 years, you think I’d really be in a rush to leave?
But Dean always says-
So? He wasn’t easy on his own kids.
CLAIRE
INT. THE BUNKER HALLWAY - NIGHT
Don’t start this again, Cas. It’s been, what, three weeks? Okay, we don’t
I’m not trying to stop you.
Cas, you’ve been around enough to know by now, it’s always gonna be my problem.
Uh...actually...
Uh. Right, I think that’s a pretty good plan.
I don’t need to see your soul. I know it.
I think they made me leave because I killed Mary, and Mr. Winchester doesn’t know.
Maybe...maybe you grew up to be like me after all.
Settle down.
Right. Of course.
And he’s still
Is it sex?
I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make you feel uncomfortable-
Dean. Is that-
Right. Uh, Claire, are you crashing here tonight?
As a kid. I wasn’t there for you. I knew what Dad was doing and I never said anything, I never stopped him, and then I just
That was it.
Hello Eileen! Dean made pancakes!
Hate driving through this place.
CUT TO:
PATTI SMITH (v.o.)
Look, it doesn’t matter, we’ve got more important stuff to do right now-
EILEEN
CUT TO
Bullshit. I know you’ve been writing “Mr. Leahy” in your diary with little hearts around it.
Dean. Just wow. You fancy yourself a father, huh?
Right. That’s what I thought.
CUT TO:
Yeah...I think he does.
I dunno Dean, he clearly wants answers.
WAITER
I can hear it! I can hear someone!
What’s up? Think it’s a trap?
It's happened before. With...with Mom.
Yeah. I think so, too.
Sometimes, when you love someone, you do what’s best for them, even if they don’t want you to.
We choose our family.
I haven’t for a while. I realize it may have been rude of me.
BLACK OUT.
is, you have a very important job.
Jack-
INT. THE DEAN CAVE - NIGHTTIME
I...Well, I guess not. But the Bunker, it’s great, Dad. It’s useful, and it’s  safe-
She wasn't
PATTI SMITH (v.o.)
Dude. You’re giggling like a seventh grader. We all know it's her.
You leave them out of this.
Right, well. I don't know about you, but I'm beat. How 'bout we give dad the grand tour and worry about the whole resurrection thing tomorrow?
He’s not family, Dean.
you about family, boy?
Right. Anyways, if the angels have a plan involving dad, it can’t be good. We should call Sam and hit the road.
Dean curses under his breath and looks over at Cas about to ask if he wants to head out, but Cas starts to laugh. Dean smiles seeing Cas look like he's really enjoying himself and Dean no longer cares about getting wet anymore.
"Oh, sure." Sam takes his hand off it and Jess slides it towards herself writing something on it before sliding it back to Sam with a smile.
“Hey, Cas.”
“Thanks, Cas.”
Castiel thins his lips and narrows his eyes light-heartedly. “I’m not
His attention is taken away from them when he hears the door opening. He can hear Michael greeting Dean. Balthazar and Gabriel distract him though.
the hover text is by La_Temperanza, just so I give them credit for that
She hums, bringing her legs up on the couch and turning to face him, her arm slung over the back. “How about your mating? Hormone changes are normal, attachment too. With you being pregnant before mating I was worried it might make your hormones go crazy.”
“What would possibly happen?” When Sam doesn't answer, Dean nods. “Exactly. Sam, you're worrying about nothing.”
“He makes suits, but he will make other articles of clothing as well.”
Castiel smiles at the memory. Last night had been the most fun he’s had in a long time.
“Charlie, we’ve got a code rainbow 13-10. I need your assistance.”
Cas is thankful for Dean letting it go, even if he didn't believe what Cas said to be true. He doesn't know what he would have said if Dean persisted. Perhaps Dean stopped because he himself isn't fond of when people push into his business when he'd rather drop it. That thought is enough to comfort Cas for all of a minute before he remembers he did exactly that. Not intentionally, but he did still get information about Dean when Dean didn't want it shared.
Cas stares down at it with wide eyes.
Dean smiles nodding understandingly, handing it over. “I get it. I’d go a little crazy if Sam did the same thing.”
I don’t think Cas ever thought he would end up being called an overlord lol, I wonder if he knows what he has created
(See the end of the chapter for
"Napping, sugar crash," Sam says.
Dean glares at Sam. “You called Charlie?”
Sorry about the cliffhanger, but if I kept the other section I was planning on having in this chapter, it would have been too long. I’m trying to stay within 2000 words per chapter so I’m able to update frequently, so I hope you understand! It just gives you something to look forward to more next week now!
For whatever reason, that sends Castiel into another fit of hysterics. His laughter must be contagious because it even has Dean laughing. Dean stops by the door and dresses Castiel in his winter clothes he hung up, still giggling like a schoolgirl. By the time they get to Dean's car, Castiel is leaning heavily on him. Dean adjusts his grip on him, to open the door.
Castiel can see his wide pupils and he’s smirking at him. “Have a good day, babe.” Dean says in a low voice, all sinuous edges and dark promises.
Dean puts his hand on his stomach under the blankets. “Probably.”
“Yes,” Cas says, reaching over and swiping some ketchup off Dean’s mouth with a napkin. “It will be in a little under a month.”
The only thing crossing his mind is
How do you think coming out as gay is going to affect your fans?
Cas' eyes widen and all of a sudden he starts to get a little panicked and starts to speak rushed. "I … I just thought it would be more private since you told me you don't like … you wouldn't want your privacy taken from you and the paparazzi can be ruthless if they saw us together. But we … we don't have to eat here, we can go-"
” and Dean sits beside Cas.
"Okay, I don't think I'll have a problem with that."
I don’t understand all this hype about him being “bisexual”, seriously he’s just being greedy, pick one. He is just lookin for an excuse to be able to hit on everyone. I don’t want no boy makin a move on me just cuz he thinks his sexuality makes it ok
Castiel is in charge of cooking with Gabriel, like always. Michael is on dish duty, and Balthazar and Luke are on prep. It wouldn't be so bad if Gabriel and Balthazar wouldn't make a mess.
“Hello?” She answers.
“Huh?” Dean snaps out of it meeting his eyes. “Oh, no, it’s nothing.” It’s at this moment that Sam decides to show back up, making his way into the kitchen. Dean arched a quizzical brow at his brother. “Running?”
Sam has a stone-cold expression on his face. A look that Dean never thought he would see on his brother before now. “Stay behind me, Dean.”
He feels hands on him, grounding him in the moment. He's trying to keep his breathing steady, but it isn't working. He can't breathe. Fuck, he's having a panic attack. He feels Cas’ hand on his face and he hears him saying something. Dean focuses on Cas’ hand on his cheek, his thumb gently rubbing Dean’s cheek. When Dean finally looks at him, Cas actually looks concerned … for a mob boss that is.
, Dean's mind tries to tell him,
Thank you all so much for reading and leaving kudos and comments! I hope you're all enjoying it so far and I look forward to hearing what you thought about this chapter!
Warm water pounds down on him from Dean’s shower. After running outside in nothing more than a t-shirt and jeans, it feels good. Dean had insisted he take one to warm up. At first, Castiel objected because he just wanted to spend time with Dean and maybe fall asleep in his arms. Now Castiel is thankful for Dean’s insistence.
“See?” Dean smirks, feeling triumphant. Cas only smiles and Dean knows he’s indulging him. “So what’s up, you look like you have something you want to say.”
Dean’s ankle slides up against his under the table, like he’s trying to comfort Cas, which it actually does. The tension in his shoulders drops a little and his embarrassment fades marginally. Dean chooses then to break in. “So that’s why you looked so familiar.”
Castiel looks through his lashes. Dean is staring at him, pupils wide, mouth slightly open in a pant, eyes half-lidded watching him like he’s mesmerized. He’s the picture of bliss. His hand cards through Castiel’s hair, his touch is grounding and the way he twirls a lock of his hair is like he’s asking if he needs to back out.
Once everyone finishes writing the answer Gabriel rolls his eyes. "What part of 'think long and hard' did you not understand? That took all of five seconds." He throws his hands in the air and walks over to the little podium, leaning on it and reading the next question. "Fine, since you are all just so smart, write down for question two, who was killed in the pilot episode? I want a name."
“Me too.” Cas smiles and then Dean is leaning in for one more kiss before Cas has to leave. Dean pulls back and Cas can’t stop himself from leaning back in and reclaiming his lips. He just can’t get enough of feeling Dean’s lips on his. This time when Cas pulls back he goes for the door. “I’ll text you.”
Now it’s Dean’s turn to go stiff. “Are you fucking kidding me?”
Plan "Help Dean Out Of The Closet" is a go.
“Tryin’ to quit or somethin’?” The beta asks.
“Goodbye, Dean.” and Cas gets out into the pouring rain and casually walks up to his door. Dean waits for him to get inside before he pulls out and heads home.
Castiel smiles like Dean is the cutest kitten he’s ever seen, and like those worries are nothing. Of course, for someone like Castiel, they probably are. It isn’t like Dean’s excuse is amazing. It was the only thing he could come up with at the last minute.
When there's a knock on the door, Castiel jumps to answer it before anyone else can. Unfortunately, his brothers seem to have been planning this happening because Gabriel and Balthazar both grab Castiel.
"Dad also fucked over his taste buds when he was a teenager." After this, Dean turns his attention back to Cas, who is still looking way too much like sex for his own good. Like, seriously! He typically has sex hair, but group it together with that rumpled suit and he is practically radiating it. Stopping himself from thinking any further on that subject, Dean shifts gears. "So, Cas, what first?"
As he walks out his classroom, he runs over the options for dinner. There are quite a few, but not all of them deliver, and he won’t feel like running back out seeing Mishapocalypse will be on. Pulling out his phone he is about to dial his brother’s number to see what he wants for dinner when someone calls his name from behind him. He turns around seeing Charlie walking towards him with a smile.
Both Cas and Dean tear their eyes away from one another and glare at the brunette. Gabriel backs up holding his hands in the air. "Alright, I'll just go get the check for Dean-o here, you two can chit-chat till your heart's content."
There’s another sigh and Castiel can imagine Michael running a hand through his black hair, elbow on his desk at work and forehead resting on his palm, eyes closed. It’s a common pose for his oldest brother when he’s been stressed and finally gets a break. There’s a long stretch of silence between them that makes Castiel fidget before Michael speaks again.
Cas’ eyes drop to Dean’s hand and scents the air. He pulls out his phone and dials a number. He says something in Russian over the line, hangs up, and stands. “Come,” he holds out a hand and Dean eyes it. “The scent is bothering you,” his eyes drop to his stomach again before meeting his eyes.
Look at that, I'm updating a day early! There’s no Cas in this chapter, but I’ll make up for that next chapter. This chapter is establishing more of Dean and Benny’s relationship. Tell me what you think so far, I love reading all of your comments!
Without further ado, here is chapter 2!
“It’s fine, Cas, I don’t need them.”
Cas’ eyes drop to it before taking it. He stares at it for a while before speaking again. “Who’s the father?” Dean shakes his head, rubbing his face. “A full shifter or a half-breed?”
Dean whistles teasingly in relief. “Good, I don’t know what I would have told the doctor when I had to take you to the emergency room.” Dean looked back at the time and sees now would be a good time to head over to Gabe’s Cafe and see if he left the papers there. He slaps his brother on the back with a smile. “While you ponder over what you’re going to say to Jess when you meet, I’m gonna skedaddle over to Gabe’s Cafe to see if I left my papers there.” Dean walks over to the door grabbing his keys. “I’ll be back in a bit, want me to pick up dinner to celebrate? Y’know, I’m gonna surprise you, so don’t go eating anything.” Dean points an accusing finger at his brother who gives him a small smile. “I mean it. No food. I’ll be back in twenty.” And with that, Dean leaves.
He puts the walkie-talkie back on his pocket and looks to the brothers. "He'll be here soon."
Castiel freezes. He doesn’t have to look to know who that voice belongs to. He was really hoping he wouldn’t run into him tonight. He looks over and takes his Bloody Mary with a polite, “Thank you, Inias.” before downing his entire drink. Screw not getting drunk. He isn’t going to make it if he has to deal with this man as well as his brother and the other rowdy patrons. When it’s gone, he places the glass on the counter. Balthazar is looking at him like he’s grown another head, but Cas doesn’t let him speak before he talks. “I’ll have a White Russian this time, please.”
There are footsteps coming towards the living room and a moment later a tall man with shoulder-length hair comes into view. He’s holding two large bags of something that smells a lot like Chinese take-out and it makes Castiel’s stomach grumble quietly. Sam’s eyes widen upon seeing Castiel standing in the middle of his living room.
Castiel's expression softens and his posture relaxes a little bit, his wings sag behind him. "I'm glad."
"Why haven't we done this sooner?" Dean says and Sam huffs a laugh, still looking around excited. "What do you say we go look at the booths first before taking a seat for the panels. We have an hour before they start."
I'm back! The ending scene is really what kept me from posting for so long, I just couldn't form it into words xD so if it's bad, well, I tried. Also, I genuinely can’t remember if I ever mentioned what Dean said his job was. If I did, feel free to tell me! Feel free to tell me about spelling/grammar issues too because I posted this immediately after finishing it because I have no idea when I'm gonna get around to editing it!
This instantly catches all of her attention. "Did he do something?"
“Here,” Cas’ voice sounds from behind him making him spin around. Cas is holding out clothes for the brothers. “They should fit. I had a pair of Michael's old clothes that should fit you, Sam.
Taking one last glance at the tickets, he heads upstairs to hit the hay for the night. He shouldn’t worry about Sam finding the tickets, it’s only until tomorrow night.
The frown on Cas' face doesn't leave but he nods.
When they are finally inside, Dean slaps his brother on the back with a wide grin. "Knock 'em dead cowboy. I'll be waiting here when you're done."
“There is none. I doubt you would be able to drain my account so easily.” Cas gives him a small smile.
the Sam she was talking about?"
When she goes to make their drinks, Balthazar turns to him with a surprised look. Castiel narrows his eyes. “What?”
He felt something pressed to his mouth. “A few sips.  Come on, you can do it,” the voice coaxed. Groggy, Sam opened his mouth and swallowed some of the water. A couple of pills were pushed into his mouth. He choked a little trying to swallow them. He should be scared, he didn’t know where he was, or who he’s with, but for some reason, Sam knew he could just trust the person.  He felt safe. He felt, well, loved. And despite the excruciating pain, he fell back under.
“Don’t touch me.” Dean hissed.
At the continued silence Dean added.  “He’s a nice guy okay?”  Dean said, still squirming a bit.
“Let’s try this again,” Dream Guy said with a smile when he pulled away from Dean’s lips. With growing horror, Dean realized he could taste the sweetness that filled his mouth.
John immediately got angry at Dean’s rudeness and Sam just scoffed.  “You can’t possibly know that Dean.  We need to contact him.”
Cas noticed, and his eyes darkened with lust.
Thank you for reading.  Please leave kudos or comments.  There were no guesses about Dream Guy so either its totally obvious or people are going to be very surprised.
“What’s this?”  Dean said intrigued as he held the box and started to fiddle with it, finally sliding the front panel back and pulling out an ancient looking key.  Dean held it up and looked at Death in question.
“Devastated,”  Cas carefully tried.  “And conflicted, and horrified that I did that, and-and I felt so…”  Cas shuddered a breath.
John just chuckled darkly as his other hand started unbuckling Dean’s belt.
Crowley didn't know how he ended up here, surrounded by a vampire, an angel who most days he wanted to pluck clean and deep fry and two hunters - one of which had wormed his way past his defenses to become the single most important person in Crowley’s life.
“My point.”  Benny said.  “Is that you have nothing to be jealous of kid.  Dean’s my brother.”  Benny said with an almost challenge to his voice and Sam once again clenched his fists.  “But there isn’t anybody in the world that means more to him than you, not even that angel he finally got his head out of his ass about.   So cool it.”  Benny said slapping down on his shoulder as he exited the elevator that finally arrived on their floor.  "Dean’s got more than enough love to go around, you here.”  Benny said.
An undetermined amount of time later......
Sam said, ‘Cool huh?”
“I mean it dad, cut it out and let me the fuck go.”  Dean threatened and then moaned in pain as John again raised his arm.
“Cas, I need to tell you about my dad, and, uh, what….”  Dean started but then the room lit up.  He gasped as he saw Cas face fill with terror right before he was sucked out of the room.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Can you help them?  Please.”  Dean begged and his heart broke when Death shook his head.
“Dean!”  Sam and Cas yelled.
“And how would he know?” John asked again his gaze moving to Castiel and taking in the angel.
Cas' smile was wide and gummy.  In the blink of an eye Cas was now gloriously naked and kneeling on the bed.
Please leave kudos and comments if you are enjoying the story.  I can't tell you how happy they  make me.
Death shook his head, once again saddened by Dean’s opinion of himself.  “No Dean there is no one better.  The bunker and all its contents are yours.”  Death reiterated.
“Dean, stop moving.  I am going to heal you, and then I am going to clean you up.”  Cas said.  The gleam in his eye intensified and Dean's heart started to race.  “But I will do it my way and you will lie there and not.  Move.”  Cas commanded.
The next time he woke up was on a soft bed, looking up at cracked, stained ceilings. His eyes were so fuzzy he could barely see, and the pain was intense. All he could focus on was the burning, tearing pain in his stomach.
‘I would like to go slow.”  Cas said smiling softly at Dean and caressing his jaw.  “Is that okay with you Dean?”
Not a lot of triggers in this one.
See end for triggers.
Triggers only include John thinking about what he wants to do Dean and a small reference to past abuse.
“Unworthy.” Cas choked out.
“Sam.”  Dean said with a nudge and Sam looked up startled and Dean nodded to Death.
So this chapter is full of triggers, please see end for notes.  I will enclose the sexual stuff within *********** if you want to skip that or if you want to skip the whole chapter I will put a summary at the end.
Dean tries to fight.  Oberon's POV.
Dean dressed in his jeans and a T-shirt after taking a shower.  Cas tilted his head for a second, clearly confused as to why Dean would bother dressing when they’d been naked for a while now.  But then noticing Dean's serious look, Cas nodded.  After snapping his fingers so that he was fully dressed, Cas sat up.  Dean sat on the bed so that they were facing each other, their poses so similar to the day they agreed to move their relationship forward.
He’d noticed Cas’ pimp mobile was parked out back, so obviously it wasn’t like no one was inside.
Only trigger is lots of angst, hurt/comfort.  Finally some Dean and Sam one on one.   Hope you like it.
Ok I posted the second chapter this evening, see end for triggers.  It's really a continuation of the first so I figured why wait.  I hope you enjoy the slight bit of humor in this chapter.
Cas just smiled.  “One moment.”  He said and disappeared, but was back in an instant with a warm moist cloth and a bowl of hot water.
(See the end of the chapter for
Cas stopped just shy of another orgasm from Dean and was pushing Dean’s legs further apart.  “Wait a sec!”  Dean wasn’t sure why he’d even think of stopping, but when Cas obligingly sat back, Dean remembered.
Death had considered for more time than he would like to admit just making Dean a reaper and never giving him the choice, but he was invested in this planet and despite him wanting to be selfish for the first time he could ever remember he knew Dean needed to go back, Dean was too important.  Death would support him either way but the decision would be Dean’s alone.
His smile fled when he caught the look on John’s face before the hunter turned and stalked out of the room.  Crowley wanted nothing more than to tear that bastard apart and subject him to the most severe torture a tortured soul is tortured with in hell, and Crowley once again cursed Dean for always putting that brat of a Moose before everything.
Dean started to back away again, but Sam stepped closer and grabbed Dean’s arm to stop him. Dean flinched at the unexpected touch, Sam’s large frame and hands bringing up visions of Dream Guy. Sorrow flashed across Sam’s face before he lifted his hands in supplication.
Vague references to abuse.  Blood and gore.
John wasn’t fazed though, he just grinned proudly at Sam. “Yeah that’s my boy. You certainly don’t disappoint.” John said and then looked back at Dean who had been trying to inch closer. “Not like this one over here.” John sneered.
“I don't give a bloody hoot what the demons are saying.” Crowley yelled at one of his two right hand demons. The two demons, twins, gave Dean the creeps big time. I mean — evil twins, really. Plus, the twins never made it a secret on how much they loathed Dean.
Thank you again sincerely for the kudos and comments.
More lust coursed through his body at the feeling of Dream Guy’s cock, but Dean’s mind rebelled, the only part of him that was still himself.
“Mother fu….”  Dean started to say and then was surprised when John’s weight was no longer there.  “What…?”
“It wasn’t hell.”  Crowley explained brushing imaginary lint off his impeccable designer suit.
“Felt so what, Cas?”  Dean asked gently, pushing his feelings aside.  No matter how he felt, he was more distraught at seeing Cas so upset.  He put a hand on the angel’s shoulder.
Dean shrugged again.  “Yeah well, have you met me?”  Dean said with a self deprecating chuckle.
“Are they okay?”  Dean asked with wide fearful eyes.  “Please tell me my dad didn’t kill them all?”  Tears started to trickle down Dean’s cheeks at the thought.
Cas was confused, his gaze going from each of the Winchesters.  Why would John say something like that and why would Sam and Dean not dispute it?  Cas didn’t like the way Dean’s face fell and the fact that he seemed to agree with John.  Didn’t John realize how special Dean was?  Cas wondered.
“I’ll come back in a week or so and show you how to make further adjustments.”  Death said looking now at Sam who was staring at the key — that big brain of his already working through possibilities.
Okay I know, I'm ducking the rotten tomatoes I'm sure you want to throw at me, but I needed Dean to be alone as he was in season 9 to go off with Crowley.
Hi everyone, I am so so sorry for the long wait.  This chapter was so hard.  I had written a similar talk and I had a really hard time separating the two and coming at it from a different angle.  So worst case of writer's block ever!  I actually had to pull my beta the wonderful AnotherWorld3111 out of her break to help me fix it, so thank you again AnotherWorld311 for all the help.   When I finally got motivated to finish I felt bad for making you wait and since I added on 4 extra chapters I decided to get more art, and the very talented MidnightSilver was gracious enough to work around the holidays, so I hope you enjoy the surprise.
Here is the second chapter and I'm sitting in a pile of hair from me tugging at it in absolute frustration at not being able to put the picture in, but I finally did it.
“Who the fuck are you?” Dean asked for the hundredth time.
Crowley’s annoyance turned to pleasure —with a healthy dose of worry — when Dean uncharacteristically turned and laid his head on Crowley’s chest and cuddled up against him.  Dean was tense for a minute or two, clearly waiting to be mocked or pushed away. Instead, Crowley just shifted into a more comfortable position and started running his hand through Dean’s hair.
(See the end of the chapter for
The guy straightened up, and for the first time Dean was able to see his eyes. They glowed violet as fury twisted his face. “All this time I’ve lost. You would’ve been trained by now.” The guy snarled out.
Dean squirmed.  “Cas, God, move.  You’re killing me here.”  Dean begged, trying to buck his hips.
Dean’s eyes widened in surprise and then narrowed.  “What I had to.”  Dean snapped right back.  What right did Cas have to get angry at him after leaving him?  Dean jerked his arm away.  “Why do you even care?”
Dean opened his eyes and found himself surrounded by dirty white bordering on gray, a thick fog that left Dean feeling anxious and muted.  Dean spun around and nothing changed.  He noticed he was dressed but other than that all he could see was gray thick fog.  Dean walked for what felt like hours but was probably only a few minutes and nothing changed.  He tried to scream to see if anyone else was with him but there was no response.
Note:  I was trying to find an unusual food item that both Dean and Death would love and ended up giving a nod to my home state by choosing the Wimpy Skippy or better known as spinach pies.  The official description is "spinach calzone with mozzarella, pepperoni, and black olives,"  but there are a ton of variations of fillings (I personally prefer the ones without spinach).  They are found at almost every Italian bakery (of which there are a lot).
Dream Guy smiled wide at the look on Dean’s face when he realized any advantage the Mark had given him against this monster was gone. Dean found himself thrown back onto the couch, his hands crushed beneath him as Dream Guy quickly followed. He straddled Dean, his large, tall body pushed Dean further into the couch.
“Yeah?” Dean asked, trying to make sure.
The story reached 400 kudos, which is absolutely amazing and I'm so happy.  Thank you all so much for leaving the kudos and the continuing comments.   Your all such wonderful readers.   Once again I'm sorry it takes me a week to respond to comments and I hope I have not missed any.  If I have I apologize but after that weird mishap with the comments I think its been working okay.
Thank you for leaving kudos and commenting.
(See the end of the chapter for
Note:  When writing this I pictured the scene where Dean fights Cole and says well come on ("Reichenbach") and after Dean fights the hunters, the scene from "The Things We Left Behind."
Dean felt the small surge of power and satisfaction flow through him.  The Mark was being controlled by the band of sigils but the bloodlust was still there, just muted. Dean still got immense pleasure when he fed the Mark's need for death.
“Son of a..  Okay fine, I saw him last week so there, if he had anything to do with it, he would have told me.”  Dean admitted.
Sam put a hand on Cas’ shoulder, stopping him from getting up as his eyes burned fiery blue in anger. Sam tightened his grip, a silent warning for Cas to calm down. It wasn’t going to do anyone any good if Cas let his anger out and try to go after Crowley, like Sam could clearly see he was itching to do.
I wish everyone a safe and very happy New Year!
Hi sorry this took so long after leaving it on a cliffhanger.  I just have a few minutes so I am posting one chapter now and will post another one or two tomorrow.
Cas’ narrowed his eyes.
Pushing the unwanted feeling down, Crowley sat back and sipped his Craig.  He smiled as Dean tried to keep the vampire from cuddling him and watched with delight the accompanying blush that made Dean’s green eyes bright when the vampire won, eyes that reminded Crowley of rolling hills and brilliant emeralds.
I have to take another opportunity to thank my beta AnotherWorld3111.  At this point in the story I was kind of stuck.  I had written the last two chapters and did not know where to go to get there and with a few awesome suggestions from her I was able to get back on track.  She is amazingly talented and I was very lucky to have her work with me on this story.
“You're appearing weak, Crowley. Dean is handling everything and he’s making you do things out of character. When his year is up, I'm afraid…” Another hesitation and Crowley growled in impatience, making a hurry up sign with his hand. “By then all the demons will see you as weak and you will be overthrown immediately.”
“What is this place?”  Dean asked again.  “I died right?”
“What’s wrong?” Crowley asked, but Dean just shook his head.
So how many of you had figured out who Dream Guy before the reveal?
Hi here are two more chapters.  There is nothing triggering in this chapter.
John slapped Dean’s hand away and stood up a bit shaky.  “Was that a demon?” John demanded.
.”  Dean sneered.
Hi everyone, I have two long chapters tonight.  Please take note of the tags.  I added some but we got lots of triggers here.  The worst is in italics and I put +++++ before and after that section if you want to skip it.  I will put a summary at the end.
Dean’s stomach sank and he started to shake in fear and regret.  Dean once again has made a momentaneously bad decision, but this time the consequences were too big.  “What does that mean, what’s going to happen to me?”
Triggers include references to abuse, but nothing graphic, angst, angst and angst and some violence, but only to things.
“Dean, what happened?”  He demanded.
Again there was silence.  “You have his freakin number.”  Sam sputtered.
“Can you stop?”  Dean asked, sincerely. He was filled with genuine disappointment when Cain shook his head.
(See the end of the chapter for
John looked confused. “ Death?”  He asked looking at Sam.
“You know, I really enjoyed possessing people. I liked hearing them scream and feeling their terror and confusion. You took that away from me.” The demon spat, pushing his face closer to Dean’s.
Hi everyone, I hope you are all well and not going stir crazy.  The comments from the last chapter where so great to read, thank you so much.  I'm sorry if I take a bit to respond, I usually respond when I post the next chapter, but I really, really appreciate all the kudos and comments, please keep them coming if you like the story.
Get as drunk as possible.
Triggers include violence and rape.  John rapes Dean for the first couple of days to "catch up" with all that he has missed.  He puts a collar on Dean that prevents the Mark from helping him.  He then unchains Dean go to prove that Dean can't win in a fight against him.  Dean gets the upper hand but then learns the hard way that the collar is a shock collar.
Yay, Sam finally starts to figure things out.
So yeah that happened.  I know this is a bad one and please notice the new tag.   I've been going back and forth on whether to give a spoiler so you all don't go crazy or leave you in suspense and since my compulsive need for cliff hangers has already done a number on you I will just say, please note the new tag and its not what your thinking.  Too cryptic, sorry I don't want to give too much away.
(See the end of the chapter for
“You sound like a teenage girl.”  Dean snickered and tried to laugh but unfortunately it just came out like a gurgle.
“Benny!”  Dean repeated in disbelief.  “You talked to Benny?”  Aside from Crowley, Benny was Cas’s least favorite person — or being, in this case.
“Crowley is not gonna be happy with you, Winchester.” A demon at the table called, but he was starting to stand as well.  Dean rolled his eyes, but before he could respond another voice called out.
Hi everyone, I hope you all had a good holiday and everyone is healthy and safe.
Nothing triggering in this chapter.  I hope everyone has a great week.  The next chapter is mostly edited so I should be on time next week.
some fluff between Dean and Cas and then Dean comes clean.
I know, another cliffhanger (did you see I made it a tag).  I'm sorry, I'm such an evil writer, but I just can't help it.
Dean squirmed a bit.  “Look if it was him he would have told me, it wasn’t him.”  Dean reiterated.
Sam sighed. “Why don’t you come inside for a drink? Cas would love to see you.” Sam offered. He was carefully watching the expressions that flashed across Dean’s face; reluctance, hope, and then anxiety. Sam swore to himself at that. Of course Dean would be nervous about coming into the bunker. The last time he did, Sam had locked him in.
Note:  From the first part of the story:
Now it was Dean's turn to chuckle.  “Will that always happen?''  Dean asked, waving a hand around the room to indicate the absence of light and — oh, hello, the TV and picture frames decorating the room were also cracked.
The angel startled looking embarrassed.  “My apologies.”  He said with his head down and cheeks pink.  Dean smirked and gave Cas a big kiss when the angel sat down next to him and practically plastered himself to Dean’s side as was the usual nowadays.
Just great, now Dean had to be alone with John.  After a peek in the other room, John was still sleeping so Dean took a shower and dressed and was just getting ready to sit down to do some research when John came into the room.  His dark eyes raked up and down Dean’s body making him feel dirty.
His mind screamed no, but his body betrayed him as cum splashed across his stomach.  A thick pulsing cock slammed into him from behind, Alastair’s nasally laugh ringing in his ear. “See you want it pet. You’re just a slut, a whore, a hole. You belong to me, only me.”
Dean looked again at Crowley relieved that he was okay.  The past couple of months Dean had spent a lot of time with Crowley and he was surprised to admit that he enjoyed himself.  The demon kept Dean from falling into a black hole of despair at losing Cas and his family and Dean smirked to himself remembering a very drunk Crowley going on about the Misadventures of Crowley and Squirrel.
And Cain's smile.  Well you never know.....
Feeling like the little kid Benny accused him of Sam just nodded, his opinion of the vamp rising slightly despite his ire.  They rounded the corner of the hallway to the room when Sam heard Dean yell out.  He pulled his gun out of his waistband and gestured for Benny to get behind him.
Thank you for continuing to leave kudos and comments.  They are a bright spot in my day in this otherwise crazy world right now.  I hope everyone is staying safe and healthy.
“Then is it, you know. About Kevin — cause you know that’s all on me Sam. You have nothing to feel guilty about.” Dean said with conviction.
Everything was falling apart.
Dean could barely stand the sight of himself. He would never be able to fix things with Sam, not that Sam wanted that, but it was completely off the table now, and Cas, well…
After a few minutes of kissing they pulled away from each other and Dean looked at Cas with a dopey grin on his face.  “That was uh, wow Cas.  Where’d you learn to kiss like that?”
And yes I shamelessly borrowed parts of Cas' speech from episode 18.  It fit though so...
“You had lunch with Death?”  John said in disbelief.
Yeah, weird dream. Really weird dream.”  Dean said shuttering at the memories of the nightmares and a feeling of
I am really not sure what happens when someones lung is punctured so I apologize if I completed missed the mark on that.
“Dean, I don’t have a harp or a halo.” Cas said in all seriousness causing John to frown.
Dean's low self esteem.
“Don’t sass me Dean.”  Death responded and Dean nodded quickly saying sorry sir to which Death snorted.  Dean stared a minute at hearing such a human sound from the Angel of Death and then he grinned and the heavy moment lightened somewhat.
Hi everyone, thank you for the comments.  I'm glad I was able to surprise people with Oberon being Dream Guy.   Not much for triggers in this chapter.
Dean just nodded because he knew Death had been around since the beginning and was older than God probably but definitely older than Cas and all the angels.
(See the end of the chapter for
“What are you do—”  Dean started to ask as the guy whispered something and flung the strands at Dean.  Each strand wrapped around a wrist and pulled Dean back against the wall. Dean’s eyes widened as they wrapped several times around each wrist. Tying themselves off, they jammed into the wall, locking Dean’s hands to the cement about a foot out on each side of his head.
Seeing the look on Dean’s face, Death padded Dean’s hand in comfort.  “Don’t worry Dean there is another option.”  Dean leaned forward a little hope running through him.  “I could turn you into a reaper and you will be able to stay by my side for eternity.”
Dean caught John’s glare again and ignored it.  He would deal with the fallout over this later.
“He’s trying to find out if heaven had anything to do with him coming back.”  Dean said. “Do you know anything?” He asked knowing it was a long shot since Crowley was genuinely surprised when he found out who John was.
I hope you enjoy another attempt at humor on my part before things take a turn.
Before Crowley could finish, Dean was already shaking his head. “Not this time. You woke me up in time.”
Dean felt someone stroking his face and opened his eyes to the Dream guy. Dean jerked away and looked around widely. It took a few seconds before Dean realized he was still sleeping.
“Where’s Dean?”  Sam asked as he frantically grabbed up his notes and the book to show his brother.
“So, Sam. Gotta ask, I mean, you know better than to hunt like that. Did something happen with Amelia? I’ll admit, I’m really surprised you’re still here at the bunker.” Dean asked, voice light but the worry for Sam bleeding through anyway. Anger coursed through him at the thought of that chick hurting Sam. She would be the luckiest person to be able to have Sam in her life. Dean couldn’t believe she would think otherwise if she actually did do something.
(See the end of the chapter for
After another panic attack in which he had screamed himself hoarse yelling for Crowley, Dean sunk down onto the bed and fell into a fitful sleep.
“Come on man you already brought all this food you don’t need…”  Dean started to say but was interrupted.
Sam was drunk. Very drunk, and had no business being on this hunt by himself. But being drunk was the only way Sam could stand himself at the moment. Despite the hard time Sam had always given Dean about his drinking, he really saw the appeal now.
“I don’t — he was going to hit… I—” Dean tried to collect his thoughts and when Sam stepped forward, his foot inadvertently kicked something. It was Jeff’s phone, having fallen to the ground at some point.
Nothing triggering in this one just some violence and Dean's self hatred and some serious angst.  Picture the scene at the end of season 10 when Dean's in the hotel room before he goes to Death when reading about him destroying the room.
“What?”  Cas asked, confused.
Thank you.
Dean is confused.  Sam witnesses something eye opening.
“Hello, Dean.”  Cas’ voice was somewhat unsure, but full of emotion. Dean’s eyes snapped up to Cas and he gasped when he could easily see the blatant look of longing and love in the angel’s blue eyes.
“They were very secretive and were killed off in the 50s, by Abaddon actually.”  Death said and Dean gasped.
“Yeah he had to take off.”  Dean explained walking in the room.  At the continued silence Dean fidgeted a bit.  “So who's up for some grub, I’m starving.”  Dean said, trying to alleviate some of the tension.
Hi just another chapter since the first was so short.  Nothing super triggering this chapter but please see end for triggers.
(See the end of the chapter for
___________
Dean’s eyes widened in surprise at the tone of Sam’s voice, his eyes flickering between Sam and Cas and then landing on Cas’ hand on Sam’s arm. Hurt and resignation flashed across Dean’s face, making Sam frown, absently trying to figure out what his brother was thinking.
Also when Dean was on the verge of turning into a demon his eyes would turn gray.
“As much as I would love to finally feel those cock sucking lips around me, I don’t trust you.”  Drake said and Dean panting through the incredible pain squinted in confusion.  Unfortunately he figured out what Drake meant a few seconds later when the demon pulled his head back roughly from behind and before Dean could even think of clamping his mouth shut he inserted a ring gag.
Sam looked confused. “Who?”  That was followed by, “What the hell are you talking about, Dean?” Sam blurted out, flabbergasted by Dean’s question. Why the hell would he be asking about Amelia of all people?
There is nothing really triggering in this chapter.
“Good job son.” John said with a slight wheeze from his chest. Dean tried to move but was unable to get up in time and he watched in horror as John dumped the Blade in a metal box with runes on it and Dean felt the disconnect from the power like losing a limb.
“I know, Cas, I screwed up.  But you were gone and Sam was gone.”  Dean said, his voice cracking.  “I just stopped caring, man.  I didn’t care what happened to me, only that I finally had a way to kill Abaddon, but now…”   Dean started to choke up a bit and stopped.  He raised his tear filled eyes back up.  “And now, it’s… something’s really wrong.”  Dean mumbled, a solitary tear sliding down his cheek.
Please see triggers at the end.
Dean shivered at the lust dripping from John’s words and also at the thought of being trained by John again.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Don't Dean, do not say that about yourself."  Cas demanded wishing yet again he could tear John apart himself.
Triggers are references to past sexual abuse.
“Get your bloody hands off my Dean!”
“You sure do love Aunt Mimmi’s beignets, I don’t think I’ve ever seen anyone eat so many at one sitting.”  She laughed and Death groaned.
Dean thrashed in his bed as the nightmares forced him to relive the horrors.  He whimpered in pain when a dark shadow knelt on the bed.
Without all those allies around him, John knew he would get his perfect little soldier back and boy was he going to enjoy himself in the process.  Turning away from the nauseating display, John grimaced at the thought of the call he needed to make, and once again blamed Dean for having put him in this predicament.
References to past abuse and non-con.
The next chapter is almost done so I won't wait a week and will post on Sunday to make up for being late this week.  I may have to extend the posts as we get closer to parts I have not written but I have three chapters that just need to be edited right now.
Dean actually chuckled, which caused the angel to frown harder.  “You do realize, I am the absolute last person you should be taking cues from on how to handle human emotions, right?”
Sam and Dean both kept their guns trained on their dad or the monster impersonating him. Dean looked at Cas who had come up behind Dean at his exclamation.
(See the end of the chapter for
Sam had spent the first few months numb and in shock after the vampire massacre, which Sam had taken to calling it. The events of the past few months were weighing him down. Sam was appalled at his actions, at how he had treated Dean, how he had ignored and pushed him away over and over while he let his anger get the best of him time and time again. How he locked his brother up in the bunker after he had been held prisoner by Abaddon. What the hell was he thinking, Sam asked himself over and over again. And on top of all of that, what does Dean go and do? He goes and makes another deal in order to save Sam’s life.
“Regardless,”  Cas said, sobering once again.  “I…” Cas started and then stopped, his own eyes filling.  “I’m sorry, Dean.  I was so ashamed that I hurt you and…”
“Don’t touch me.” Dean yelled in fury, panic starting to sweep through him. “I don’t want you.”
Triggers include references to non-con, non-con touching and kissing.
Dean fidgeted a bit, even as his cock started to slowly fill up under the angel’s look.
Is there any creature out there that doesn’t want Dean for himself?
See end for triggers.
“Dean no.” Cas yelled, but Dean just shook his head.
See you all in a week (fingers crossed).
“Fuck you!”  Dean snarled as he pulled once again on his restraints to see if there was any give.  The chains around his wrists were heavy but only a thick rope was used to attach them to the ceiling so he kept trying to find some give.  And he hurt, he hurt everywhere but he was pissed too.  This second rate demon had him by the balls and Dean wanted to kill him.
“Like a treasured possession.” Dream Guy corrected, his eyes were narrowed in anger before he smiled again. “Just think how sad little Sammy is going to be when we go home, this time for good.” Dream Guy said.
“Stop it!”  Dean yelled and then gasped in pain as John ground the freshly punched part of his face against the wall.
With an eye roll at the tension between Dean and Cas, Crowley walked over to the angel and slapped him on the back.  “Come on feathers, we have some clean up to do.”  Cas looked relieved at having an acceptable reason to leave, which hurt and with an “of course” from the angel, Crowley gave Benny a look to convey for him to take care of Dean to which the vampire nodded, and they disappeared.
(See the end of the chapter for
Thank you.
The three stood there, awkward silence reigning for too long of a moment before Sam once again was the first to break it. Casually suggesting they have a few beers, he pushed Dean and Cas out of the kitchen and towards the war room. Trailing behind, Sam hung back in the kitchen for a little longer to grab two beers and a fresh cup of coffee for Cas before following, unable to help the bounce in his step. Dean was actually here in the bunker, he had come on his own, and they were actually getting along. Try as he might, there was no controlling the big smile that spread across his face.
(See the end of the chapter for
So over 3000 words of bromance here, it really got away from me a bit, but wasn't Crowley such a sweetheart forcing Dean to face his feelings?  As you can tell the pool playing part was taken from Mother's Little Helper, and I was thinking about Dean taking the crowbar to the Impala in season 2 when I wrote him trashing the room.
Hi everyone, I'm very sorry for making you wait two weeks for this chapter.  I was stuck and basically finished writing it on Friday and have messed with it and changed it multiple times, but it's been 2 weeks since I last posted so I'm just going to go with what I have.  I'm not completely happy with it, but it's nice and long.
“My mistake.”  Cas deadpanned, but when Dean looked at him, he had a twinkle in his eye.
“Cas, are you doing okay? How’s the grace holding up?” Cas tilted his head at Dean’s question and smiled.
But, no. Then Dean would have to tell them about how Gadreel escaped, and it would just further reinforce what a loser and bad hunter Dean was. He could just see the looks of disappointment mixed with the ‘
“I am afraid so.”  Death responded, his face full of regret that he would to be able to help Dean if that happened.
“Will we still get to hang out?”  Dean asked because that was very important to him.
Cain looked surprised at the question and stopped moving, his stare even more focused now on Dean. “How are you still human?” Cain asked suspiciously, looking up and down Dean’s body. He paused when his gaze fell on the band. “And so in control?”
“I’ll run you a bath.” Crowley said, getting up. He took a few steps before pausing and turned back to Dean, a hard look on his face. “Don’t cross me again Dean. I won’t let you off so easy next time.” Dean just nodded, and for the second time that evening, wisely kept his mouth shut.
A final thank you to AnotherWorld311 for beta'ing a large portion of the story and to MidnightSilver for their incredible art (see previous chapters for links).
Dean could see John getting ready to say or do something so he quickly turned to Cas. “Are you able to see if anyone from heaven knows about this?” Dean asked, refusing to look at John but he could feel his gaze bore into him.
I again want to say thank you enough for leaving kudos and/or comments.
Thank you again everyone for enjoying this ride with me.  You are all wonderful readers!
NSFW art added!
----------------------------------
Dean wondered but then the fleeting memory or nightmare slipped out of his mind.
Hi everyone, I'm sorry I'm late again.  I was trying to fix this chapter.  I have to be honest, its not my best and I'm really unhappy with it, but I'm not really sure how to fix it.  It's probably because its mostly a narrative from Cas instead of a lot of dialogue but I've said many times before and I'll say again, I am not a writer.  So I'm sorry for this, but I didn't want to keep you waiting any longer.
Dean's past comes back to haunt him.
Dean wondered. He wasn’t sure how long he spent trying to think of a valid excuse for being here.  But then, Dean didn’t really want to let them know about
Death handed Dean a fancy box and a piece of paper with what looked like coordinates on it.
Hi sorry for the delay again, I could not figure out which chapter should come next so I decided to post them both tonight.  The next chapter will probably be a little over a week from now, but I do have it written.  I am working now on the final one to two chapters.
And then the torture started.
“Then you know what my answer is right?  I can’t leave them in such a dangerous situation and I’m the only one who can kill Abaddon and stop hell on earth.”  Dean said with conviction but his eyes still reflected uncertainty.
“No, no, no, no!”  Dean screamed and he turned to look at Crowley to get help but he too was looking like he was going to lose.  Dean saw Benny try to squirt one of the demons with a water gun, Dean’s from the look of it, but that too was tossed aside.
“Really, Cas? ‘Cause that’s what happened.”  Dean yelled as he turned back to face the angel.
Crowley has been tempted more times than he could count to feed daddy dearest to a hell hound, grab Dean and leave everything behind, but Dean wouldn't want that and somehow that became more important than Crowley's selfish desires.  He didn’t want to betray Dean and go against his wishes, and Dean would never allow Abaddon to take over the world nor be separated from Sam and feathers.
Death huffed.  “Wimpy Skippy Dean.''  He said and Sam got the feeling he had corrected Dean a few times already.
Cas shook his head and walked up to Dean.  “Just relax, Dean.”  Cas murmured.  The angel gently stripped Dean of his torn clothes.  Guiding him with a gentle hand on his hip, he laid Dean down on the bed and then he just—
Cas wiped the tear away and cupped Dean’s cheek.  “Oh, Dean.”  This time, his voice was softer, but still packing the emotional punch that never failed to leave Dean breathless.
FYI I have actually left the country instead of relying on witness protection LOL.
Hi everyone, I'm so sorry I'm a little late this week, its been crazy here.  I've also been avoiding thinking about the show ending but now there's no way around it and it's been rough as I'm sure you all know.
Castiel nodded and Dean let go and Cas disappeared causing John to gasp in surprise.
He looked around the room and it was incredible and sickening at how low his son had fallen and even worse was that he had pulled Sam right along with him.  There was a vampire, a demon, the King of Hell no less, and an angel all hovering around his son like he was the second coming.  John knew how addicting it felt to be balls deep inside his too beautiful son but this was ridiculous.  John wouldn’t even be surprised if Death himself showed up.  And Sam his perfect son was grinning at something the angel said, perfectly comfortable sitting among monsters.  It was wrong on way too many levels and entirely Dean’s fault.
John put his hands out in a surrender-like fashion and nodded, but his dark gaze never left Dean’s face.
“You should have let me make you feel good Dean. I know what you’ve been through the last few months. And now this is going to hurt.” Dream guy said, sounding sad and disappointed. It didn’t stop his hands from traveling all over Dean’s body and using his long legs to push Dean’s apart.
(See the end of the chapter for
John saw the same level of protectiveness and love on Dean’s face when he looked at Sam, actually it was even more pronounced now so if John got the angel out of the picture he knew whatever happened Dean would keep it to himself so as to not risk hurting Sam.  It always worked before and John was confident it would work again.
So good news, here is the second part of the split chapter.  I figured I would post them both on the same night because.... bad news this has one hell of a cliffhanger, probably the worst one yet.  See end for notes.
Crowley said mentally slapping himself upside the head.  “
Cas took the key from him and turned it over.  “Is this where she was getting all her magic from?”  The angel asked handing the key to Sam to look at.
Dean tried to evade it but he didn’t move fast enough. He felt his arms being jerked behind him, and the gold strand wrapped tightly around his arms from wrist to forearm.
So not my best chapter, more of a filler but it is needed to set the stage for John's plan.   Sam starts acting a little out of character in this chapter, but he has never been the one "caught in the middle" and doesn't handle things well.
Take a bow, boys, because this show is finally, unmistakably, over.
Then, he screams, loud and rough. It’s like a weight falls from his shoulders and catches a ride on the wind.
Yet, at the end of it all, it was the life he had chosen. The life he knew -- the life
“I can’t—” he sobs, choking on the words. He stares at the blurry blue of the sky, then buries his face into Cass’s neck. “I can’t—“
He laughs and runs his hands through his hair, spinning slowly until he’s having to catch himself against the railing. The paint is red and chipping beneath his fingers. He stares at the water rushing beneath him, thinks about screaming again just to make sure the weight he’s been carrying for 36 years is finally off his back, but instead, he just breathes.
stuck in his head for three weeks the day he heard it playing on a truck stop’s loudspeaker in Arizona.
Dean Winchester sits stunned on a bridge he had made his home. Castiel stands some feet away, like he doesn’t know what to do or say. Neither one of them do in this moment. Fate holds their strings high, then readies her scissors.
He’s fighting the words, still listening to his own heartbeat. He’s holding onto Cass so tight the man definitely feels the beat where Dean’s palm is pressed tightly behind his left shoulder. His other hand is tangled into the side of that stupid trench coat, squeezing it like he’s trying to keep it from dissolving beneath his fingertips. Maybe that’s why he’s holding Cass the way he is.
He’d never admit he liked love songs, just like he’d never admit he got Train's
“Cass?”
He nearly cracks his face against the asphalt as he tumbles off the Impala’s hood with the grace of a newborn giraffe.
Jack joins him sometimes, when he isn’t off fixing all of Chuck’s messes. So does Charlie, and sometimes Kevin. He doesn’t trust anyone else to see this place. It’s like it was created for him. Hell, maybe it was.
See you all next week!  Thanks again for sticking with the story.
“You’re so tight, my beautiful hunter. I can’t wait to have you all to myself. That mini ogre thinks he can make me sit back and wait for his timeline.” The guy spat out, his fingers moving rougher in his anger. “Well, the rat underestimated me.” The guy said with a smirk as he pulled out and started fondling Dean’s cock. “I managed to keep a crack open. That’s how I can visit you in your dreams.” His voice had gotten lower and Dean could feel a huge bulge pressing against his hip.
Quickly catching on Sam agreed he could eat and went to grab his jacket when Sam paused and his lips quirked up in a smile.  “Dean what are you wearing?”  He asked laughter in his voice.
I couldn't help it.  I'm still a sucker for Crowley and Dean and Crowley helping Dean out even without his knowledge fit with the story and I believe with canon from the show.
“See worth it right?”  Dean said.  Turning his attention back to the phone Dean thanked Death.
“Aunt Mimie’s!”  Dean shouted.  “Aunt Mimie’s!  What the fuck?  We agreed to only go back there together.”  Dean added his anger morphing into a little hurt.
“Yes.  It took a bit but I managed to find where she had hidden the key.”  Death explained.  “It is considered to be the safest place on earth, warded against any evil ever created.  I took the liberty of adjusting the wards to make sure you three could enter without any problem.”  Death said his gaze flickering between Crowley, Benny and Castiel.
“Did you sleep okay?”  Dean asked, plastering a smile on his face and as he walked over to the coffee pot to pour John a cup.
“Don’t think about it.  That’s all I’ve thought about.  Me and all the other demons in hell.  We were all promised a turn when Alistair got tired of you.  But the master never did even after you got off the rack, and then you got rescued.  You didn’t deserve to be rescued and you didn’t deserve all of his attention.”  Draked yelled his eyes bulging with anger.
“I’m sorry.” Dean said. And he meant it. It was his fault, as with everything else, that Cain picked up a knife again and felt the bloodlust after centuries of it being controlled.
An unexpected arrival.
"son of a bitch" - fils de pute/>
I had to add some push/pull from Sam on this because I think anyone in that situation would go through a phase of denial and I hope I portrayed it in a realistic way.
Death seemed to realize he was smiling like a loon and cleared his throat and put his serious face on causing Dean’s smile to widen.
Sam just pointed and Dean twisted and didn’t see anything then caught sight of the back of the T-shirt in the mirror.  It said “Let’s Make Hell Great Again” And Dean laughed too.
Note:  This was pointed out to me, and I realize I should have put something like this in earlier.  I apologize.  I am in no way a psychologist/psychiatrist or counselor of any kind.  I felt the way Crowley pushed was typical of their relationship and my story's Dean's psych but in real life its always best to leave it to the professionals on how to deal with a trauma.
“My sentiments exactly.”  Cas said.  He pressed a light kiss to Dean's forehead.
Not knowing how to respond, Dean just shrugged and stepped forward until the two of them were circling the room, watching each other with eagle sharp eyes.
Dean didn't care if he had to “do a Cas” and drink an entire liquor store, but he was getting drunk tonight and the Mark was not going to stop him. On his way upstairs to his room where Dean kept his stash he spied the bar in the living room, and more importantly, the fresh bottles of Craig placed there. Crowley must have gotten in a delivery. Smirking because Crowley absolutely hated when Dean used Craig to try to get drunk — said it was to be savored and respected — Dean sauntered over.  He heard some muffled voices and was surprised to realize Crowley was home.
Sam smiled wide, all soreness and tiredness forgotten.
The guy just smirked and walked slowly over to Dean, reaching out and untying the knot of the toga like covering Dean had made from the blanket. He pulled it away, letting it fall to the floor. Dean shuddered in disgust as his gaze, still faintly purple, traveled over every inch of Dean’s body. Feeling exposed and vulnerable, Dean tugged uselessly against the bands before opening his mouth to call out to Crowley.
Dream guy smiled up at Dean. “Don’t worry. I’m pretty sure it won’t matter at home… but if it does, the troll told me how to fix it.”
Dean snorted at Cas telling him it was just a dream, because he knew it wasn’t. Dean’s cheek and wrists throbbed in pain, and his ass felt like it was on fire. Dean would blame the artificial lust on the fact that he snuggled deeper into Cas’ arms and allowed himself to relax, but then, Dean was always a master at lying to himself.
Only trigger is implied non-con.
“Jesus.  Ok fine.”  Dean said getting up and stomping into the other room.  He felt stupid calling Death because he knows he would have said something if he knew anything but they weren’t going to let it go.  With his back to the doorway he dialed the number.
------
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean steadily worked his way through the bottle as the night went on, and the bar slowly emptied of all its human customers. The demons were now drunk enough to make a couple of them foolishly brave enough to approach Dean.
“We found it Dean.”
“Did you get injured here?” Cas asked with a smirk.  Dean jumped when the warm moist cloth encircled his penis before he got a chance to respond.
Hannah confronts Dean.
“Squirrel, hang in there okay, gonna get you healed up.”  Dean just shook his head cause he didn’t care  but he had to know first so he grabbed Crowley’s sleeve.  “Sam?”  He croaked out.
Thank you!  I will try very hard to get the next chapter done soon.
Dean stood up and walked around to Death.  “Thank you.”  Dean said sincerely and Death nodded.
“Cas?” Dean asked.
Somehow, he could tell that Sam rolled his eyes at that without even being able to see his little brother’s face, tucked into his shoulder as it was. “Nothing,” he responded, voice muffled. “I just missed you, okay?”
“Did you, though?”  Cas asked, tilting his head in his adorable way.
“Hello, Dean.” Cain said conversationally. Like he hadn't just slaughtered four demons in front of Dean.
Dean wished he could say he was happy, but that would be a lie. Yeah, Crowley was decent. Surprisingly he had even waited a little over a month before they had finally had sex. Crowley had continued along the same lines as he had been prior to the rescue and deal, with kisses and strokes and easing into things. Dean was pleasantly surprised and grateful that Crowley would lose that time out of the year, but when Dean asked Crowley about it Crowley would get a weird look on his face and then just dismiss it with a wave.
“Yeah, well in my defense, we made a deal to only go back there together.”  Dean explained but cringed at the looks on the three faces.
Minor triggers for this chapter.
Dean clenched his fists and took a deep breath, the Mark started to pulse on his arm. One demon from the table called over to his friend to back off and leave Dean alone. He seemed to be the only one who noticed the sharp gaze of hatred and promised violence that Dean was looking at the demon with.
So Cas has his eyes opened a bit.  I loved writing this chapter because the show didn't show enough Cas/Benny, which I would have loved to see.
“Dean.”  Death said his tone serious enough that everyone stopped talking and Dean sat up straighter.  “Before I go I have something for you.”  Death said reaching into his pocket.
but then he remembered Crowley.
Crowley bit down harshly on Dean’s neck and at Dean’s gasp of pain Crowley froze and muttered something to himself. He stepped back and, with a strange look Dean couldn’t decipher on his face, Crowley snapped and Dean found himself in a stone room still naked.
I rewrote some of this so all mistakes are mine.
“Well thanks for coming to reap me yourself.”  Dean said trying to smile at Death but it came out more like a grimace.
Thanks again for the kudos and comments, almost at the 500 mark.  You guys are really amazing.
“Sammy I think we found the bat cave.”
Dean shivered but pushed it away again, this time with more force.
The continued comments and rising kudos count are amazing.  I thank all of you again.  Even though I tend to be late in answering comments I really love getting them.  I wrote a chapter and a half this week and I am slowing bridging the gap between chapters I already had written and ones that still need to be written.
Minor violence between Crowley and Dean.  Dream guy attempts to force himself on Dean.  Non-con touching/kissing.
“Hmm hmm.”  Benny answered.  “Crowley brought me over and then Dean said, well…”  Benny coughed catching himself from bitching again.  “Anyway I went to the store.”
____________________
Hi thanks to everyone who is taking the time to read the story.  Here are two chapters tonight.
Lots of POV changes, I hope it was not too confusing.
“Shut up Dean.”  Death said without any heat and Dean smiled and he heard four snorts of amusement behind him.
Sam gave John a big smile before he explained who Abaddon was and about the war in hell over the throne.
“Dean, please.  Is this okay?”  Cas asked.  As if Dean would ever say no to this.
Triggers include references to rape and torture and poor coping skills (I mean its Dean so...).
“What’s going on, Dean?” Sam asked.
Dean schooled his emotions and shrugged like it didn’t bother the fuck out of him that Sam wouldn’t confide in him about what was going on in his life. At the same time, Dean swore at himself for getting upset when he was the only one to blame here. If Sam didn’t trust him to talk to him about things going on in his life, things so big that he hunted while incapacitated, then Dean had no right to push. So he shoved his emotions back down, and put the Dean Winchester brand poker face back on.
Words all out and leaving him with nothing more to say, Dean was gearing himself up to dare and take a peek at Sam, determine how angry Dean had just made him — when he felt big, strong arms pull him into a tight hug. Dean tensed at the unexpected embrace, his mind flashing to hard hands gripping his biceps, but then Sam’s familiar scent of strawberry —
Sam started to list the ingredients they would need and fed up Dean slammed his hand on the table causing everyone to jerk in surprise.  “I said it wasn’t him.” Dean growled.  “Let’s move on.”
Oberon rapes Dean who is drugged by his nectar.
I hope you enjoyed seeing a BAMF Dean in this chapter.
“I.. uh.. What’s going on?”  Sam asked as he put his gun back behind his back.
And last, I've had a crappy week so I have not gotten much writing done, but I do have next week's chapter done and hopefully I can figure out the rest of the other chapters so as not to cause a delay in posting.
And thinking of Sam… Dean was actually really surprised to find out that Sam was still at the bunker. He figured Sam would’ve booked it to Texas and try to find Amelia as soon as possible again, or even try to find that apple pie life anew, but nope, Sam was still there.
“I did.”  Cas said, looking far too smug and not at all ashamed about the fact.
(See the end of the chapter for
Dean thought for the thousandth time. Trusting a demon —trusting his
No major triggers.
I do hope you liked the love scene though.   Apparently I can't really write fluffy smut very well.  I wanted it to be an epic love scene but had a really hard time getting that across.
Hi everyone, I hope you all had a good week.  This is a rather short chapter and not too much action, but important for the story.
Hi there are some triggers in this chapter, please send end for notes.
