Heartbreak was not sufficient for describing the feelings John had upon seeing Sherlock high as a kite. And those feelings deepened when the gravity of his dosage came to light—a dose not even a superhero could survive, let alone Sherlock Holmes. After a brief interlude of Mycroft crafting another underhanded governmental deal to reverse Sherlock’s sentence and a pit stop at the A&E to stabilize Sherlock’s vitals, he and John landed back at Baker Street.
There were so many questions, but they would have to wait for those answers as the man nearly buckled when he took a step forward. Sherlock could see the pain that crossed his face as John braced his weight not willing to fall while he held his daughter. “Damn, my leg!”
Hallman had easily escaped the minor charge of alpha fighting in AO court when he confessed as accomplice to the kidnapping in Crown Court. All Hallman had known was that she was a child from a wealthy family; he was only in it for the potential money.  He had not known of the personal history between Hugo Perry and Sherlock Holmes and was appalled when he learned of Perry’s other plans for the girl.
“Very nicely done, all things considered. You do observe some things quite well, Alpha.” Sherlock leaned close to whisper, the heat of his breath ghosted John’s ear.
Kurt Hallman blanched when Sherlock looked up at him with full black eyes that should never be seen on an omega just before he landed a blow on Perry that broke bone. He then gaped at the controlled viciousness unleashed by the omega. All of their kind knew an omega can be vicious in protection of their pack or when in personal danger. Neither situation applied here. And when Sherlock finally stopped moving it was clear that Hugo Perry would never be able to do so again without assistance for the rest of his life.
There was no way for Hallman to know that this alpha was Doctor John Hamish Watson. An alpha with a natural strength and agility above the average alpha male. An ability that was then enhanced from being in a special program in the military. Of the three only the former army captain had no doubt of his survival against the two men even if both had been alphas. And that was before John had learned he was Aadeshyakar given the cross bonding with his omega Sherlock. None of which mattered as the husbands mindspoke.
John chastised himself yet again and refocused, using his knowledge as a doctor and memory to make his final selections.
John was satisfied with all his final picks but one: the left ankle. None of the choices available seemed quite correct, he placed the joint by the foot, but just outside of the rest of the body.
John knew even if allowed to be here, Mary would never put herself on display like this. This was not about the case. Sherlock had found what he needed and called Lestrade. The Met was downstairs waiting for the Carlson couple.  The case was over but for the paperwork. There was absolutely no need whatsoever for Sherlock to do this. Sherlock had put himself on display playing up as much of his omega as he could manage and not hate himself. John could feel it as he watched the slow sinuous stride of his omega as Sherlock approached.
Sherlock sat in a chair by the balcony. John pulled his chair closer and sat opposite him, foreheads together as they held hands.
“You said dark purple is really my color, Alpha.” Sherlock teased; his own voice deepened. “I take it you like?”
John crossed the space at Alpha speed and climbed into the van. If John heard Sherlock he gave no sign of it as he looked his omega husband in the eyes and dropped to core. One of Mycroft’s people who saw John’s face, visibly shuddered as deep blue irises instantly turned into black eye sockets as he let his monster loose and closed the doors behind him.
{Oh No! Oh Papa...! Oh Da…!} Though living on the other side of London, Francesca's thoughts, came through almost simultaneously with her brother’s as she also felt the pain that tore through the parents. He knew she come to The Mews with her own family soon.  Thus, he is not surprised they are first to sense the distress.
John slowly let Sherlock down to the floor once past the curtains that separated the lobby from the main floor. In a rare genuine showing of his omega, Sherlock took John’s hand and gave him an almost shy smile. “What you said to Carlson before, John… About my being a capable man… I… I want to say
“Since it was your idea, Alpha Nourry, I’d like you to turn over each left ankle picture by Alpha Watson. If one has John’s initial, Alpha Oskar wins the game and the side bet. If none have his initials Alpha Watson takes all.”
Sherlock was about to turn when movement in the distance caught his eye. He looked again at the steaming horizon and saw nothing. He knew it was time to head for the ranch when his tired eyes started to see visions in the horizon like those dying of thirst imagining nonexistent oasis in the desert.
“Yes, I will. Better safe…” Sherlock let the thought trail off before he gave a short nod and went into the house.
John’s mind went to the kiss shared at El Enlace. The way it felt to hold Sherlock, to be held by him. The desire that fell off the omega.
It was to Hugo Perry’s surprise and liking when the rear doors of the van opened, and he saw Sherlock waited. “I thought your rules said I had to fight your husband-alpha or whatever.”
As the winning omega Sherlock automatically won an amethyst lavalier. It hung from his long neck on a delicate gold chain. The pendant landed just below the navel; its jewels sparkled among the fine dark hairs that naturally drew one’s eyes to areas below.
The omega behind the counter gently cleared her throat. “I know it’s only a matter of a couple of meters away, but all potential intimate activities must be limited to inside the main room, please. Forgive the interruption, Alpha.”
Sherlock gazed at the curly, pale blond bundle with blue eyes so very familiar. There was no question, but John answered it anyway.
“I’m right here darling.” John kissed his daughter’s cheek even as he ran a hand through his omega’s curl’s.
“It helps when what is observed is something well considered, Omega.” John replied with an easy smile. The moment hung between them before both quickly looked away and Sherlock subtly put some space between them.
. His pride was going to take a hit, not just for the money he knew he was about to lose to Alperin, but for the game itself having come so far.
He felt his omega’s body vibrate in his purr at the display of strength as he held Sherlock to him single-handedly.
“Yes, Sherlock. Meet Rose…my daughter. It is… a very long story and an even longer road to find my way back to you, my love.”
He started to follow the omega in but stopped as he walked into the remnants of Sherlock’s scent that wafted in the omega’s wake.  Being in the very early stages of Sherlock’s heat, it was slightly stronger than usual. John knew the biology of what was happening. The omega’s body was preparing itself for being mated. Putting itself in the ideal condition to have pups sired upon.
“Omega Alperin is a woman. And while her alpha knows she is more than capable of doing so herself, his assistance is chivalry and appreciated by her. In case you had not noticed, my omega is a man. You would not have offered to assist any other man, presuming him to be capable of so simple a thing, unless he requested it. Yes, he is an omega male, but he is by no means too weak to move his own chair. Trust me, my omega is quite the capable man. Maybe more omega would be as capable if their alphas did not treat them as weak things in need of tight control.” John purposely let his eyes linger on the grip Carlson had on his omega’s neck before he looked to the alpha again. “Now Alpha Alperin and I were in the middle of something before the interruption. If you have any other omeganystic questions they can be discussed after hours if you like. I promise you it will be a
It was pure core instinct that guided Alpha and Omega to their bedroom. It was not as extreme as when bond mates die, but it had begun, nevertheless.
“Oh, for God’s sake!” John shoved Sherlock towards Mycroft and the two brothers embrace. The near bald Mycroft gave the still dark curls of his baby brother a toss. It was a subtle nod that he understood exactly the unique pain the two of them were going through. Because he had opened his mind to Mycroft, John felt Mycroft’s surprise and affection when through John Sherlock sent him the memory of being a toddler and the first time that he remembered being called
Surprisingly, where John had the most trouble was with the feet. The multiple pairs of male feet all wore deep purple, strappy, sky-high heels. Photos of the wrapped ankles were separate from the tarsus and toes made it hard to choose. Of the three times he has seen his omega’s beautiful body naked, suffice it to say the alpha had not been concentrated on the man’s feet…
Whatever John was about to say was cut off as Alpha Irfan Rivera, the senior alpha at El Enlace and host for the night began to speak as the set up for the last game of the night completed. “Alphas Alperin and Watson? You and your respective omegas take seats as indicated, please. Let’s get a winner.”
Sherlock looked to Natalia. “I know protocol dictates you tell us alone first, but how many times has Pack Holmes-Watson broken dictates? Let us take this downstairs so you only have to do this once, child.”
Mycroft Holmes-Lestrade (Alpha), was at his Diogenes office when Alpha John Watson reached out to him internally. He had barely comprehended what the already semi-feral alpha was telling him about his niece when Anthea rushed into his office with the news an Emergency 1 notification.
Omega Watson, Omega Alperin and Omega Carlson as three finalists, were also offered an array of other gifts from which to choose. Male omegas being uncommon, it is rare that there are three in the building at any given time, rarer on the Primero floor. Many omega males born in a Pack Elite like the Holmes family tend to be raised as they were omega females – mostly to be trophy omega wives despite their primary gender. Thus, the gift selection for the omegas were designed to appeal to more feminine tastes.
On the other hand, Hallman was an alpha who knew the rules. He knew an omega, weak things that they are, would
Hallman watched as the omega, his mercurial eyes now returned to their normal verdigris color, calmly walked back to his alpha. John handed Sherlock a towel to wipe his bloody hands before he redressed. Sherlock placed clean towels across his lap before he sat and took their daughter into his arms.
Perry and Hallman now had a hint of the power behind John and Sherlock to have been so easily found and diverted from the streets. They also knew they were not getting out of this easy. Mycroft’s team, who knew AlphaOmega societal laws as well as Crown Law, approached the men inside the van and gave them a choice: Go strictly by Crown Law and serve the maximum jail sentence for kidnapping a child with intent to murder, with no chance of parole. It had been made quite clear that should they choose Crown Law and go straight to prison, their jail time can and would be as pain filled as possible. Or they could go by AlphaOmega Law choose to fight the father of the girl they kidnapped. And
A half hour after Mycroft’s people, the alpha, the omega, and their daughter had departed, the van was ‘found’ by a Metro officer who claimed the men were already beaten when she found them.
The sandy blond turning silver head was attached to the compact form of someone who limped. Sherlock could just make out that the person carried something on their back. Whoever they were, they had been walking for a very long time. Even from the distance Sherlock could see the figure was near the end of their endurance.
“If there is still a tie; Alpha Watson if you are right that none of the left ankles in your pile are correct you win the point for calling it breaking the tie, otherwise the win goes to Alpha Alperin.” Alpha Nourry, a female alpha, suggested.
“I’m sorry, John.” Sherlock whispered. John heard Sherlock’s slight disappointment; Sherlock’s omega pride was at stake as well.
After five years he had all but given up the physical search for the only person that mattered to him outside of his brother. Still, each day before sunset, before he turned in for the evenings, he spent some time alone in the memory of John Watson.
And the crushing disappointment of it each and every time is why he travelled to London as little as possible these days. His brother , Mycroft, accused him of hiding. And he may be right, not that he would ever admit such to the oft overbearing man. Still, he could not deny the benefits of the man’s power. Though he loathed the tall poles that now dotted the landscape, he cannot deny the convenience of the new telephones. Still, he simply preferred it out here at the Sussex Downs Ranch. Here he knew every face on the ranch. The horses. The farmland. The apiary. There was little hope after three years of being here, but there also was no constant disappointment of his seeking never to find. As always he spends a few minutes remembering him.
John and Oskar each sat in front of a folding table covered in photos of body parts sans heads. All female parts for Oskar, all male parts for him. Each Alpha had to recreate their respective omega’s body from the composite images: six images each of seventeen different body parts.  They had seven minutes to correctly assemble their omega’s body by the photos alone. Because of the nature of the game the omegas sat behind their respective mates out of sight unable to see the table or be seen by their Alpha.
“He who has danced under the Alpha sun and howled at the Omega moon is here no more,” was given by all in response.
In the two hours since John shut them off, Francois, Francesca, Evelyn, and the grandsons who lived at Baker Street and were closest had prepared The Mews for mourning. The gray and off-white bunting of Lycan, with the royal blue and deep purple trim of Pack Holmes-Watson colors was hung across the reception hall and drawing room of The Mews. A wreath of the same colors hung on the front door and the covers of the outdoor sconces that will not turn on for seven days marked it as a pack house in morning.
Donna Clementine suffered nightmares and was extra clingy with the family for quite some time, but was able to work through it with therapy, her music, and the love of her Pack.
The drawing room was full of people and the various conversations that reached them on the stairs fell silent as the Alpha Patriarch of Pack Holmes-Watson entered with his omega.
. That caused a few amused titters among those who heard it and understood its significance. Carlson was not happy but held up his hands in capitulation.
And then started running also all exhaustion gone in the happiness that spread across him at the sight of Sherlock running towards him.
Like many things in Pack society, no matter how 'off the grid' things are meant to be kept, the attempted kidnapping and rumors of the dual patriarchal responses got out. Naturally, everyone in the pack denied everything. The official story: The worried parents found their daughter wandering the streets via her tracker and brought her home. They officially called Lestrade who, as a cop and a member of the family, had turned it over to Metro police. Donna surprised even her parents with her steadfastness as she looked her interviewers in the face and tearfully said she could not recall how she got out of the van or anything else before her parents found her.
“Do… do you… do you know what happened to him?” Sherlock asked after a while his voice soft distant.
John and Sherlock were Alpha and Omega, and they were also Aadeshyakar. The blessing that made them unique as alpha and omega came at a cost. The saying a parent should not outlive their children did not apply to them. The two octogenarians, were physically no older than their mid-30s. That in the universe which gave them gift of a very long life also gave them a curse: the reality that they will indeed out live all eleven of their children.
Sherlock slowly turned. Whether with excitement that he might be right or with dread that he was once again wrong he could not have said.
wrong. You are too young to witness this, but we cannot leave this undone. Do you understand, darling?” John’s voice was soft, but Sherlock knew Donna heard the steel and the dangerous low-level growl in her papa's voice. She trembled as she saw her alpha father’s deep blue eyes slowly started to go black. Nor had she missed that her face was being caressed by her omega father’s clawed fingers as he held her.
More precisely, what he thought he had seen was the lack of movement. Something that stood just a little straighter than everything else around it the horizon.
The intrigue between Alphas Carlson and Watson over; Sherlock and Stella looked at their respective tables. Stella, squealed in excitement, sure of her alpha’s victory. Sherlock, now seated beside John, kept his face as stoic as ever as his eyes flicked over the table, but John was getting better at understanding his omega’s silent nuances and realized he might have a chance after all.
By the time he'd thought this through and set up his rods, Sherlock was digging worms near the barn (slowly, it's true, measuring each one as he went and recording it in one of his ever-present notebooks, but digging nonetheless). John marveled at the abandon with which Sherlock got dirty when he was doing something he wanted to do rather than something John told him to do, then laughed.
“Don’t be.” John took his hand. “I…I think I’ve been wrong. Pushing you away.” He cleared his throat.
"Among other things," John said, pulling his blanket over his lap, angry somehow. "Now if you'll excuse me."
“We’ll do that,” John said shortly, and then instantly regretted the “we.” Thankfully, Mike did not comment, and the conversation passed into other channels.
Mike looked at him nonplussed, but John felt a certain relief. This was a mystery, a disturbing one, but Sherlock’s quick mental action was reassuring.
Same-sex pair bonds were not unknown to him. There was historical precedence; seventeenth-century pirates, in fact, had had a system called matelotage, in which pirates became partners in plunder and in bed. Closer to home, Sherlock had known boys at school that way, though their system had been much more secretive and dangerous. He recalled a house master finding two boys together in the baths, and the whipping they had received.
When John pushed the door open, arms full of Mrs. Hudson’s baked goods and ears full of Harry’s angry yelling (she had begun the minute she’d scented Frank and wouldn’t stop until he was gone), Sherlock was out. John frowned. Sherlock’s boots had still been wet this morning, and, in any case, Sherlock really shouldn’t be out in any kind of boots so soon after his brush with hypothermia.
That Sherlock had left in a hurry seemed clear; the door had not been completely shut, and a layer of notebooks had been blown to the ground by a quick exit. Where could he have gone? John doubted that he was at the outhouse; he would have seen him, or hailed him. There were no animals in the barn to attract him, and the garden was empty as well.
He had just decided not to start a fire right away when Sherlock came trotting into the clearing—or rather, Idiot Horse came trotting into the clearing, carrying Sherlock on her back like a sack of flour. Sherlock’s curls flopped crazily, and his face was that of a martyr. Arthur lifted his head and snorted derisively.
“Do you believe in windigos?” he finally asked, after several miles. There was, after all, a great deal to be gained by asking questions to which one already knew the answer.
"I like the sound of 'worm units'" John grinned, and Sherlock ducked his head, a pleased smile on his face.
. He trusted the evidence of his senses: if he had not heard anything, there had been nothing. How, then, had it fallen?
The theme song for this chapter is “Company of Fools” by Great Big Sea, but it was almost “Problem Bears” by the Tragically Hip.
When he opened his eyes, the barn wall was striped with white, and Clara was staring at him. He felt the judgment in her glare was well-deserved.
When they pulled into the sugar shack that lay exactly midway between Sault Ste. Marie and Sudbury, John felt like he’d been pulled backwards behind a snowmobile. He was shaking, and he felt as though his hair was standing on end. Sherlock, who had had more time to recover from his three minutes, was all excitement, and he bounded out into the snow before John had even had a chance to put snowshoes on. The vandals in this case were not squirrels, as the owner thought, but the neighbourhood teenagers, who had been systematically siphoning off maple sap to try and make moonshine.
He would have to find a place to conceal it; there was no other way. The house was impossible, and the barn no better; Sherlock was entirely too comfortable commandeering anything he felt was essential for his experiments—except the geese, which made John smile still. The shanty, used for tools and food storage, was no better.
won't take us long to get ready.  There are only Douglas Watson's books and his few personal belongings to pack.”
Another bleat, and the rattle of the door stopped his daydreaming. He rose, and went slowly to the door, but Sherlock reached it first, clearly alarmed by the intensity of Harry’s cries. They were truly impressive to someone unused to her resilient vocal cords, not to mention her sheer evil genius. The word “wait” was on John’s lips, but it was too late. Sherlock had flung open the door and was yelling.
Uncle Gregory discovers John's trove of writing, with near-disastrous consequences, and John makes a solemn vow.
"I'll attempt to test the level of avian intelligence via the humours; old-fashioned, I know, but the current theory is that feathered animals have a less-developed circulatory..."
Sherlock cut his eyes at John but continued. “One would think, after the disaster that was Mycroft’s tenure—he had seized control of the administration before his first term was out...”
“Tea is what’s necessary right now, at any rate,” John muttered, somewhat bowled over by Sherlock’s enthusiasm. In fact, he was not a little concerned. Twenty-six was late for nocturnal emissions, although he supposed Sherlock’s lack of masturbatory habits was a partial cause. And why was his system overloaded now? Could it be…no, impossible. John pushed the idea away. A man that beautiful (not to mention educated and connected) did not become stimulated by a nondescript farmer like himself. It must be the goats.
“Details,” Sherlock said, waving one blood-spattered hand. His face was less than three inches from the insides of their one pike; he would need spectacles when he was older, John thought, and grinned at the idea of Sherlock’s vanity being affected by having to wear such a thing. Then he realized he’d not see it. Well, at least he himself would age in peace.
I’m so grateful to everyone who’s reading, and super grateful to those of you who take the time to comment. I have been swamped by work these last three weeks and it’s your comments that have kept me going. <3 I’ve read every one and I’ll answer them soon.
The drive-through line was long at the Tim’s nearest the clinic, but John waited anyway, reluctant to leave his car in the icy darkness. Even opening the window to place his order (a #5, sausage & egg sandwich on an English muffin, hash browns, and a large double double) was unpleasant.
He bit down the urge to laugh. This had been nearly the most ridiculous conversation of his life, the frankest avowal of his unusual preferences to date, and he was about to stick his finger, and then what was essentially a wooden cock, up the arse of the person he desired most in the world.
“Probably,” Sherlock said. He leaned over Idiot Horse’s withers and slid to the ground with a bump. Together, he and John dragged the tree to the side of the road and left it.
His first act was to close the barn door: John and Hamish, at least, were still where they were supposed to be. Pocketing the bread and holding the pickle uncomfortably in his left hand, he hailed Sherlock.
"It wasn't really--no pump, you understand--but the ventilation was adequate. If he had let me add a laboratory space to the house, there would have been no issue at all."
A puzzling thing, Sherlock thought, as he settled under his blankets. He could find no scientific rationale for John’s behaviour, nor could he read it to his satisfaction. John had seemed to enjoy the “procedure” he had performed upon himself. Was that the key to its sexual nature? Pleasure?  He himself had certainly felt pleasure in the woods.
Damn. Sherlock held Mycroft’s missive between thumb and finger like a particularly distasteful specimen. What was that ruthless cake fucker doing now? Meddling, that was certain. He turned on his heel and returned inside.
“You do. And a lover, at that. More than one.” Sherlock was clearly fascinated, but John felt his past boil up inside him, threatening his hard-won equanimity. His left hand clenched and unclenched. He strode ahead.
Mystery notwithstanding, Sherlock’s proper survey of John’s land had not been done, a fact he bewailed at every opportunity.
They ate in near-silence, too. Sherlock tasted everything, holding the fiddleheads up to the light with intense interest. Appetite good enough, John thought. In fact, as he scrutinized Sherlock's tall frame, spare but healthy, he wondered what exactly, besides the rudeness, had caused Mycroft Holmes to send his brother away. Lestrade had said "political ambitions"…
John shook his head and went to the barn. When he came in again, the cabin was filled with a savoury fragrance that made his mouth water. The little table, so seldom used, was set, and Sherlock was at the fire.
Sherlock stretched luxuriously in body and mind. He would make a new batch of bread today, with water from the far pond rather than the well, and he would write up his observations regarding his brush with hypothermia. Could geese be hypothermic? It was unlikely he’d be able to find out. Possibly one of the chickens, though.
“Liar,” John took the risk of shoving Sherlock in a friendly way. “That egg dish was much more than fuel. It’s my turn to give you something good.”
Neither the physician nor the manuals had covered the mechanics of relieving testicular congestion, but Mycroft Holmes had said it: pelvic massage. John reached for his one medical text, but all it contained was a brief summation of the results of congestion: “If the patient does not release his spend, a lingering heaviness, aching, or discomfort will result, causing restlessness, moroseness, and irritation of temper.” It certainly sounded like Sherlock.
The sun dropped out of the sky as he left Lestrade's, and he struggled to keep Arthur on the road. Thankfully it hadn't snowed, but by the time he got home he was chilled. The house was icy, too; he stoked up the fire and went to the warm barn. Harry was yelling her head off, of course, but food, water, and a chuck on her chin calmed her down, and him, too, really.  Maybe Harry would scare Sherlock off. Maybe, at the very least, she'd eat his undoubtedly extravagant clothes.
“Sherlock!” he shouted. He turned around and raced back towards the fire. What if the shout had been a ruse to remove Sherlock from him? He ran faster.
John ended up, rather uneasily, truth be told, hiding it under a shingle on the outhouse roof, as Sherlock spent the least time there of all the buildings. In the ensuing days, he would be able to work at the tool on his own visits to the outhouse, making it smooth. Once it would assuredly not give Sherlock splinters in his arse, he would polish it with a little beeswax, just to be sure. When he was finished, he would have a rather efficient little tool, long enough for its purpose, but not so thick that it would incommodate a man unused to penetration in his nether parts.
“Maybe I will,” said John, and stalked out. He ordered another beer and leaned on the bar, staring blankly into the heaving crowd.
“Well!” Sherlock remembered their soft muzzles and beautiful liquid eyes. “I wonder if a young moose could be raised by humans and thus be smarter.”
“It’ll be a big one,” John replied. He went back to his seat; the heat in Sherlock’s eyes had him both discomposed and wary.
“Not today. Port, maybe?” Sherlock would prefer the sweetness. John added two slabs of chocolate as well, and he and Angelo finished the tally and packed the goods into sacks.
“And when would that be?” John shook his empty lemonade bottle (“You can’t have water; it’s out of character”) and ran his tongue over his teeth. They were furry from the sugar, and he was parched.
“He’s never wrong!” the other boy shouted at his back. John did not deign to answer. Degenerate, indeed. He had only just met the Lestrades, but he knew in his heart that while they were many things, degenerate they were not. This boy was more degenerate than the lot of them.
“One waits for Mrs. Hudson to bring Higgins around. Which she will, soon enough. She’s got a sixth sense for these things.”
As he led Arthur to drink, he surveyed the garden. It was looking lusher than he’d ever seen it; Sherlock had spent a remarkable number of hours planting, weeding and fencing (to keep out the goats, although that had met with limited success). It was almost as though Sherlock had invested in his farm with him, and the thought gave him a pleasant glow. Perhaps he had been alone too long and a friend, a real friend, was what he needed.
“We can’t go in this rain,” John said. “It’s the dampest spring I’ve seen in a long time; we’ll be up to our ears in mud the whole way.”
I spent a while thinking about the egg recipe Sherlock makes for John and ended up picking this: http://www.epicurious.com/recipes/food/views/baked-eggs-with-bacon-and-spinach-360549. I don’t think it was something that was common at the time but I feel confident in Sherlock’s ability to come up with something like it.
“I’m fine,” John said grimly. “But get your boots. The goats have escaped. I must not have closed the barn door properly last night.”
Sherlock slowed Idiot Horse to a trot, then a walk, and finally slipped off her altogether, examining every inch of the verge. He could sense John’s impatience, and his own was barely restrained. However, he was determined to do the thing rightly, and so he contained himself.
"We both win." Sherlock began to stroke gently—too gently, but John let it happen, slowed his breath and let himself feel. What's sauce for the goose—no gander. What's sauce for the gander is sauce for the gander. He laughed.
"Almost finished," John said. He took his cock in his hand—did Sherlock gasp?—and scooped up a handful of water. Pulling back his foreskin, he washed the head. It was so good—he could have come right there with one, two strokes, with Sherlock's eyes on him, with the adrenaline from the woods fizzing through him.
John did not disturb him, reaching behind the settle only to hang up his coat. He dipped some hot water out of the kettle into the kitchen basin and washed his hands and face, then pulled up his work chair near the fire to warm himself. Sherlock glanced up at him, without a smile but with a friendly expression nonetheless. John felt, with surprise, no awkwardness. Their early conversation had been almost pleasant, despite its distinct oddness, but he felt no urgency to renew it, and Sherlock clearly wasn't inclined to talk. Instead, John settled down to stare at the fire, as he did most nights, though tonight there was no whiskey glass in his hand.
“Oh, that reminds me, John,” Mrs. Hudson said into the silence, as if she had not just said something horrifying. “Emmy’s kittens are ready. Will you still take two?”
what John thought of him. Worse (seventh?) he cared what John felt, not only about him but in general. He wished, actively wished, for John's well-being. It was a disturbing feeling.
Sherlock did not know what was so intoxicating about John's personal odour--some pheromone, most likely, though there would have to be a significant analysis--but he was undoubtedly affected. He licked up along the inside of the bicep, letting the acrid salt dissolve on his tongue. The texture of John's skin was so soft and fine but also unutterably masculine.
“Of course you can’t.” John rolled his eyes, and Sherlock made a superior expression that was belied by his fondness.
It seemed to John that the woods were preternaturally silent. His own heartbeat was the loudest thing there; Arthur was as still as could be, and so, for a wonder, was Idiot Horse. Sherlock seemed to be barely breathing. His hand—for they had not let go of one another—was cool. He resisted the temptation to run his thumb along the skin of Sherlock’s wrist. Unease flowed through him.
“You are deliberately trying to provoke me.” John’s hands clenched, and Sherlock shivered again. The memory of those hands on him was enough to shorten his breathing and make him half-hard. He shifted, letting John see.
Then, Arthur reared. Swearing, John tried to control him.  Sherlock, startled, swung round in his saddle. Idiot Horse tried to compensate for his swift movement, but it was too late; Sherlock was already sliding from the slick leather.
Supper was just as sumptuous as dinner. John pushed his plate back after a truly enormous meal, and wiped his mouth. He didn’t refuse a glass of rum, though, and he smiled encouragingly at Joe when Greg poured a tot into his glass.
“That’s what you think,” the widow said, but she said it to empty air. John had disappeared into the study to watch over his father.
"Sherlock!" Caught in an uncomfortable space between arousal and amusement, John tried to pull away, but Sherlock held firm.
"Very well." John rose, then as he was about to step outside to relieve himself, was reminded that perhaps Sherlock would need to do the same. "There are no indoor conveniences here. The outhouse is twenty feet southeast of the door."
“They love each other, you see,” Mrs.  Hudson said. “Harry and Clara. Harry’s a complete berk but she does adore her partner.”
A pretty mystery, and one that needed to go back to Sherlock Holmes as quickly as possible. With a last glance around the base of the tree for tracks, John went back to a grateful Arthur and, with heightened alertness, pointed the cart towards home and Sherlock.
“Do you suppose there are any birds’ nests in there?” Sherlock said, dodging the question. Somehow he couldn’t quite bear to have John question his devotion to the goats; it seemed too close somehow. He took up his teacup and followed John out the door, ignoring the goats complaining noisily on their tethers.
Unfortunately, his estimate of goose intelligence was still a trifle low, and Philemon broke from the bag like an avenging angel before Sherlock had had a chance to lie down. His wings caught Sherlock in the midsection—it
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
The room they were looking for was back behind the stands; to get there, John and Sherlock had to climb a set of rickety stairs and go through two sets of roughly painted white plywood doors before fetching up in a rectangular space about eight feet by four. The only furniture was one sad, wooden chair.
He had known that would happen. And right now, he could not regret it. He bent to kiss Sherlock's open mouth.
Sherlock nodded, nearly meekly, and stayed sagely on the settle with his papers for the rest of the afternoon. He rose carefully to make a simple supper of fried salt pork and potatoes (no roughage, he noticed, and made a mental note to see if he could add some kind of green food to their diet), which John ate with appetite. Their evening was much the same as the preceding one, though John retired earlier, insisting on taking the loft bed so that Sherlock didn’t have to climb.
John woke in the night, and realized that he had fallen relatively easily to sleep.  He looked up through the cracks in the loft floor, listening to Sherlock’s occasional rustling. There were no signs of sleep derangement: Sherlock Holmes was, apparently, an alarmingly quiet sleeper despite his whirlwind personality. John fell asleep again, tired out from the day's barrage of novelty.
Now. The actual procedure. He laid his non-greasy fingers to his neck and took his pulse--normal. His state of health had been perfectly fine, as usual; perhaps a slight change in digestion since Sherlock's arrival. He couldn't remember whether a more varied diet had effectuated the same change last spring. His sleep was excellent, as long as he didn't stop and listen to Sherlock breathe or there was no burning bread dough in the cabin. He had definitely been drinking less; the level of whiskey in the bottle in the pantry had descended quite slowly. Sherlock again; his talk was so interesting in the evening that John did not think of pouring himself a cup. Even Sherlock's silences were compelling.
The light gave the story away; John was once again furious at himself for missing the signs on their long trek home. He bit his lip when he saw the fire, laid in a haphazard fashion. He struck a match; it caught immediately, the flames licking at the small dry branches Sherlock had piled over the tinder.
“A local superstition?” Sherlock inquired. “Were-beasts-shifting from human to animal? The wendigo, perhaps—cannibalistic spirits?”
“Granted.” John did not know what else to say. At least he knew, now, that excess emissions were not Sherlock’s trouble—if indeed, he had trouble with that part of his body. John sneaked a glance at the front of Sherlock’s trousers.
Sherlock did not react immediately—as though John was proposing supper or chores instead of an excursion that he had wanted to do for some time.
Once inside Canadian Tire, though, John was distracted. He liked Canadian Tire, and he had time to spare, so he made his way up and down the aisles, adding a pair of snowboots, a new welcome mat (Sherlock had shredded the last one to see if the local ravens would take it as nest material), and a bag of gummy worms to his cart as well as his original items.
Who had destroyed John’s peace of mind? Sherlock’s vast brain worried at that problem like a rat at a biscuit. And yet, as he thought of their excursions and their evenings by the fire--the way John made sure he ate and slept and behaved like a person, the way Sherlock pushed John to the edge of his intellectual capacity--he felt perhaps that they were already a pair.
“There,” Sherlock pointed.. He sat, and beckoned to John, who lunged at him. Straddling Sherlock’s lap and bracing his hands just below Sherlock’s elbows, John pinned him down on the bench. He kissed his mouth, once, almost perfunctorily before kissing his way along the delicate skin of Sherlock’s biceps to the light, sparse hair in Sherlock’s armpits. He buried his nose there, inhaling the scent of sharp sweat; sensation throbbed in his cock. He bit, and Sherlock cried out, softly.
“Almost there,” John said, as soothingly as he was able. “Tell me when I have it.” He worked the tool out a little, then in further, and out again. Sherlock’s hips were rocking a little in rhythm with the motion, but it was clear when John had hit his target. Sherlock’s movements stuttered and a breathless gasp escaped him.
Or maybe he'd just wash and eat, he thought, as he felt the weariness sink into his bones. He hadn't felt this type of fatigue in a long time: the fatigue of being manipulated and directed. At least that was a novelty.
“To what purpose?” John shivered. He remembered India, which had seemed to have eyes everywhere—and, in fact, had had eyes everywhere. He fought down a wave of panic, worrying his lower lip with his teeth to keep his focus. The fire swam before his eyes.
“The Widow Turner said I wasn’t right in the head when I told her about the flash, Father. Won’t this be worse?”
John folded the letter quickly. Just the heavy, confident stroke of the writing made him angry, and the contents themselves were beyond the pale. No reply needed, indeed. He went to the kitchen bureau for paper.
Neither of them won that night, and they spent a delicious six minutes touching each other in turn before John headed to bed, leaving Sherlock hunched in front of his laptops, with maps and about sixteen notebooks.
“Maybe it was for the best.” John sighed heavily. “But the men themselves, they didn’t deserve it. The army, yes. Not the men. So many good men were lost or broken.”
Better to suppress it, he supposed, although he was starting to have his doubts about the efficacy of that particular method. He had tried it, long ago, and had only the faintest memories of that once-beloved friend.
Note: I also learned that facial hair was compulsory in the British military between 1860 and 1916.  Colour me shocked. Colour Sherlock aroused. http://uk.businessinsider.com/from-1860-1916-the-british-army-required-every-soldier-to-have-a-mustache-2015-10
Making sure his feet were on solid ground, John grasped the very highest part of Sherlock’s trousers.
John took it, the weight of it in his hand more damning than any prison sentence. He couldn't afford to tell this man to go fuck himself, but he had rarely wanted to do anything more.
Finally, John set off the double-seated buggy with its fringed canopy, Uncle Greg and Cousin Mike in the front and John tucked in with Great-Aunt Martha and Eva, in her basket, in the back, shrieking ominously. He turned around to watch the little, old, brown house in the hollow; it looked empty and brokenhearted, and a dangerous lump appeared in his throat. He stared forward, determined to maintain the Watson standard, but this was almost undone by Great-Aunt Martha’s warm squeeze of his hand. He smiled at her, wanly, and kept looking forward.
"You know me. Always a dandy. Now take off your spotless garments” –Mike himself was mud-spattered from his journey—“and help me move this plough; I hit clay, damn it. Then you'll stay for tea, or whiskey if you will, and tell me what you need?"
John let his rifle fall and reached into his pocket, but Sherlock was already there, tugging at it. John stayed still, bemused.  Arthur, unamused by Sherlock’s proximity, aimed a bite at the back of Sherlock’s coat. Sherlock, completely focused on gathering up the squirrel, did not notice.
“We’ll go tomorrow,” Sherlock said, riffling through the pages of a fresh notebook. Picking up his own cup of tea, he plunked down on the settle and stared into the flames.
He would have to consider it…later, when the chase wasn’t on. He marked a blaze on the trail beside where the squirrel had been, and headed into the woods.
The silence behind him told him that Sherlock was not looking at his viola whatsit either. John wondered what was running through that enormous, agile brain.
Once the door had closed safely behind them, Sherlock divested himself of his coat. His hands were still shaking from the bear encounter, and his belly and balls ached from his interrupted attempt at self-medicating.  He perched on the settle, leaning forward eagerly as John built up the fire and filled the kettle.
Wading through the fresh snow, he crossed the short distance to the barn. Harry's cries were more frantic now, and Clara had begun to add her voice. Pretty soon the geese would start up, and then he'd be deafened.
Though the house was "a mile from anywhere", deep in a grassy dale, he had been glad to see it--loved to see it. As it rose into his view, he strode faster and faster, happy to be coming home to Father and to his dinner. the Widow Turner would likely croak, of course, but the Widow Turner hated the house in the hollow and was thus--delicious turnovers aside--not to be trusted. She was an old gossip of no importance, Father said. John knew Father was right; there was nothing like loneliness at that house. If Father was too tired to walk or talk, there was Eva, and if Eva were off on her own, strange errands, he had the dark night and the trees.
“Don’t have enough data to say. Lestrade’s property, eh? Could he, or that boy…Donaldson? Davidson?”
“I’ll clean up afterwards,” Sherlock said, forestalling any comment, and began to rummage under the bench for the nest of tinware he had stored away for experiments.
Then, anger engulfed him, and instead of damning himself, he damned, for a moment, John Watson. If John were not so bloody tied to his moral compass, perhaps Sherlock would not be in this predicament. Scruples, indeed.  John was clearly not repulsed by homo-sexual bonds, and, while Sherlock was not an expert on human relationships, it seemed to him that their pair bond was no less natural than Harry and Clara’s. John demonstrated care towards him, and they shared affinities, which even the fear of what Mycroft could do did not cancel out. Besides, Sherlock hoped that John would understand that Sherlock would never allow Mycroft to harm either of them. But especially John.
Then, the misery was back, and Sherlock could no longer think rationally. He was hard, so hard, and he
Despite a few mishaps, mostly involving Sherlock’s acute enthusiasm when faced with a strike, they had several fine fish by late afternoon. John cleaned them on a big rock while Sherlock meticulously examined the insides.
John’s voice rose, pleasant, to greet Dimmock, but Sherlock blocked it out of his consciousness. Tossing John’s letters on a chair, he threw himself onto the settle and turned the letter over in his hand. Written in a hurry, sent express (which meant individual courier, but even Mycroft’s individual couriers wouldn’t come to Scotch Bush). He’d probably want an answer.
“Fascinating camouflage,” Sherlock remarked, over the sound of the horses’ hoofbeats growing ever fainter. “
“I’m not worried about that, John. As I have intimated, I am not averse to such a liaison. You, on the other hand, appear to be.”
John went to the outhouse; when he came back Sherlock was in the very same position as he had been for the last half-hour. Suddenly secure that he was nearly as alone as he had been the previous night, John stripped to his shirt and climbed into his bed. As he settled gratefully into the wool blankets, he glanced up one last time at the unfamiliar sight of someone else in his cabin: Sherlock Holmes, unwelcome and yet reluctantly interesting, bent over his papers, one curl shining in the firelight.
“Nothing. This is awful.” He frowned, then, with a swift shift of humour, took John’s hand. John nearly drew away, but let the heat of Sherlock’s large hand comfort him. “Let’s go back by the raspberry patch.”
“Tisn’t flattery,” he said, bestowing a smacking kiss on her soft cheek. His eyes had not changed track. Lyons didn’t move.
Regarding John’s defensive maneuver: my mom hit our Black Angus cow over the head with a rotten two-by-four because she was charging me. So people do hit ungulates with boards in Canada. Occasionally.
Sherlock did not object. He watched Major Barrymore plane his way meticulously through the pile of logs beside him: every time he finished a log, he lifted it seemingly effortlessly into a neat stack, despite his age. Cyrus Dimmock, working beside him, was both slower and less industrious. His pale eyes darted around the barnyard, more concerned with others’ work than his own.
“Sherlock!” John’s voice was sharp. Sherlock knew he’d have no peace until he’d answer the damn thing, but he’d be damned if the answer were anything more than “sod off”.
“Wendigo” and “Windigo” are both common spellings (there are many more, of course, because it’s been transliterated), but the Canadian Ojibwa generally use “windigo”.
Harry welcomed him with a return of her usual enthusiam. Sherlock looked at her speculatively: eyes and nose moist, hair smooth and shiny. Clara, shyer but still demanding, looked in good condition as well. Both of them were plump with babies—twins, he suspected, in Harry’s case.
“Oh.” John seemed a little taken aback at such frankness, but the tension in his shoulders eased a fraction, Sherlock noted, pressing on.
“It’s about fucking time,” John replied, leaning to kiss him once more. Sherlock pulled him down until their bodies were wedged together, surrounded by the scents of sweat and come and fresh rain.
Suddenly John’s mouth crushed down on his with a force that left Sherlock breathless. He couldn’t—didn’t—breathe; he was nothing but sensation, opening his mouth under the pressure of John’s lips until their tongues slid together. It was a curious dissolution of the self; he felt as he had that night in the woods: open, at one with everything. It was too much and not enough. He gasped, taking in welcome air and the scent of John’s body against him.
For the first time Sherlock considered the link between his overwhelming physical symptoms and the emotions he had been experiencing. John seemed to be the common denominator to them both: Sherlock knew he had not been so miserable physically until he and John had been close in the bed after that cold, cold walk. He tried to summon up the images of that night; his brain eagerly obliged, replicating the movement of John’s body, his scent, the sound of his breathing.
On the other hand, this was a glorious opportunity to give Sherlock a proper scare, and maybe even keep him within reasonable bounds until this mystery was solved. Shedding his heavy boots, John went to find his moccasins. He’d show Sherlock what was what.
“Are either of them stupid enough to…No—I see your face—they’re too experienced and Lestrade too careful to have left a tree half-cut that close to the road. Some people would, but neither of them.”
“She really shouldn’t have,” Sarah muttered, materializing at Sherlock’s elbow, “They’re totally inedible.”
“Lots.” It did seem to be working, but at what cost? Sherlock seemed almost distressed, and John himself could barely breathe.
“Lovely,” John replied. He turned away to allow Sherlock the privilege of undressing unobserved, and began to scrub his arms and torso with the sand. White skin began once again to emerge.
“It is a mistake,” Sherlock said, leaping on to the settle and surveying the whole cabin, “to theorize without knowing all the facts. Tell me about the other neighbours?”
Once it was up, John looked out a barrel, and filled it with water and saltpeter. He'd have to get the meat into the brine right away if he didn't want it to spoil. He sighed at the hard work ahead of them, then turned back to Sherlock to see what he'd found.
He warmed the grease in his left hand and coated the length of his cock with it. His heart rate was increasing, he noted, and his cock thickening. As he grasped his whole shaft, he felt it fill more in his palm. His belly tightened.
Douglas Watson lived only another week, but it was a full and beautiful week, with no sadness to taint it. He died so quietly and easily that John did not know he was gone until he suddenly felt the strange stillness of the room--there was no breathing in it but his own. John closed the navy eyes and touched the pale brow with love, and though he felt keenly the emptiness of his new world, he was grateful for his father’s peaceful exit.
Of course, terrible things could lurk in the woods, as he himself had cause to remember. He hurried his pace, wishing to be next to Sherlock in case the bear should charge. It would be unusual if it did, but John dared not risk it. He caught up to Sherlock, who had ceased running but was walking as fast as he could towards the glow of the cabin.
John shook his head. In his left hand, Sherlock had the same golden-brown sand as John had used. In the right, he had an enormous glob of peat mud, running black and sludgy down his arm and staining his pale skin further.
When he popped up, Sherlock was standing over him—how, John had no idea—his hands splayed out and a nonchalant look on his face. Before John could twist away he felt himself grasped by one arm (the undamaged one) and one leg. He twisted in vain for a moment; Sherlock’s large hands were very strong, and he could see that he was about to be hurled away into the peat bottom. Then, his training came back to him and he remembered something he had seen in hand-to-hand combat training. It would have to be modified for water, but it could be done.
Sherlock made his way along the road until he was at an angle at which John might see him. He dodged behind the trees at the end of the home quarter until the coast was clear, and began to run.
“I am not some subordinate you can order about.” Sherlock said, and took what John felt to be an unnecessarily large draw from his mink dropping.
Harry and Clara's escape touches off a wild chain of events: manure piles, and unexpected tumbles, mud fights and erections, fallen trees, and some very special carving. Sherlock tries to learn about axe cuts but discovers something rather more troubling.
Gregory considered. He remembered John’s stony face at the funeral, and put aside, for a moment, his disdain of cats.
Time slowed; each step seemed to take an endless time, so much that when the sound of Harry’s indignant bellowing came to Sherlock’s ears through the wind he was shocked. They had arrived, and he had not stopped walking. He had not betrayed how cold he was. He drew a long, shuddering breath and swung his arms for warmth as they covered the last stretch.
“Fairies!” John exclaimed, then caught himself. Could Cousin Mike be teasing him? He looked searchingly into those brown eyes and saw only delight, not malice. He sighed. He knew, really knew, that there was no such thing, but how delightful if there were. “Really, Cousin Mike?” At least he knew he wouldn’t be laughed at if he showed credulity.
“Doubtful,” Sherlock said, feeling in the grass at the base. He stood up, and started pacing out ten paces in every direction around the tree. He took out a roll of string and measured the distance between the fallen tree and each tree next to it. Then, he noted each species present within that circle. But as for clues? Nothing.
John did so. Sherlock pressed the timer on his watch and swooped in towards him with intent. His teeth met at the skin of John’s neck and his hand cupped John’s cock at the same time. John breathed as quietly as he could for someone on the tense line between fear and arousal, but when, about a minute in, Sherlock’s hand pushed his coat aside and slipped his hand into John’s boxers, he had to bite his lip. He was already fully erect, and the tip of his cock was damp; Sherlock slicked it over as much of the head as he could, never letting up with his teeth.
“If you need anything, there’s bread on the bench, though it’s not fresh, and cheese. I don’t usually make a hot dinner, midday; just bread and cold bacon or salt pork. Supper is the big meal.”
The first day was not so bad. Sherlock had bought cream when he’d gone to the grocery store, so John made coffee at home that morning. An acceptable case had appeared on Sherlock’s website, which meant that instead of spending his day rushing about buying John coffees he looked set to spend it creating complex spreadsheets about the differing tensile strengths of dogsled harnesses and snowmobile treads.  John left for work both relieved and disappointed; while providing (or receiving) sexual services on demand and within a time limit was exciting, his workplace was not exactly the place for it.
“She’s worse right now. Probably about ready to be bred—Mrs. Hudson should be around soon with Frank.”
Then, John opened his mouth slightly and bit Sherlock’s lower lip, very gently, and all Sherlock’s breath released in a long trembling sigh. His cock felt heavy. The breathlessness of the day of the prostate massage was back, but this time Sherlock let himself feel it, feel John, whose body was solid against him, and was… was that John’s cock against his thigh? He pressed forward.
Rejected title for this chapter was “I Just Happen To Have This Hand-Carved Prostate Massager Right Here.”
They followed the referee to the arena without apparent incident. Once inside, Sherlock went to lean casually by the snack bar; within moments, a gangly twelve-year-old appeared, and Sherlock dropped a five-dollar bill into his hand.
Well, he was a rational man, and he could rationally keep his hands to himself. And they were going fishing, after all, a most wholesome activity. There was no room for debauchery while angling.
“Do it.” Sherlock arched his back, the long sweep of his buttocks even more pronounced with the movement. John bit his lip. Then, he steadied himself and began to work the curve of the tool into Sherlock’s arse. He listened to Sherlock’s breath, sliding it in on the exhale. The breaths were getting closer together, and by the time the curve was in, and only the length remained, Sherlock was panting audibly.
I also have to thank CWB for a) commenting on every chapter and b) bringing in a whole new wave of readers to this fic. It has been incredibly motivating and I am profoundly grateful.
"I'll help you sure enough, but can't stay. I have a pressing appointment over in North River. I just came by to deliver a parcel."
Emotions. John had said that emotions were dangerous. Sherlock frowned. He himself found emotions—usually those of others, as he himself was admirably scientific and self-contained—rather tiresome, and so he could sympathize with John’s point of view. And yet—he had felt emotions in John’s company that had not been tiresome. Quite the opposite, in fact—the emotions had been exhilarating, comfortable, warming.
John definitely did not look at his arse. Instead, he sipped his tea and looked out of the window. He was a rational man, he thought to himself.
The snow melted quickly in the two weeks that followed, and, outside a brief visit from his Ojibwa friend Mezenee, who brought him a pot of beaver grease. John was too busy to look out for anything but his land and his stock.
“You certainly are,” John said. Water droplets glistened here and there on Sherlock’s skin, and his curls clung damply to his face. The morning sun made his long, ivory body shine.
John eyed his rifle. Sherlock was probably safe in broad daylight—as safe as someone of his idiocy could be—but John didn’t like being unprepared.
“That’s ridiculous,” John said. “It’s likely coincidence. Someone’s tramping through, that’s certain. The bear is more worrisome.”
Despite their early start, John and Sherlock were not the first men to arrive at the work bee on Saturday morning. There were three wagons in the yard and Lestrade’s spacious cabin was already bustling with women.
“That tea in your canister is vile,” Sherlock said, “but I didn’t add anything to it, so I suppose you should thank me.”
“I should know better than to make sweeping claims. Are you getting the soap? I’m starving, and there’s no way either of us can get breakfast like this.”
Near-perfect for John, that is, as he fought temptation daily. Seeing Sherlock bending over his notebooks, John would shove his hands into his pockets to avoid touching that long ivory neck. It was the price to be paid for diverting the looming spectre of romance and the inevitable heartbreak that would follow, and so he clenched his hands and held the beautiful evenings to himself as the highest happiness he might expect.
"Thanks, Greg." John handed him the parcels and his change. "I've had a rum thing happen, though. Ever heard of a Mycroft Holmes?"
John could not have helped smiling. That had been the most exciting thing to happen to him in ages, and he felt exhilarated, alive. He had faced down five hundred pounds of angry animal, and he had triumphed. It was ridiculous, but he had, and now he wanted to whoop, to leap, to fight more, perhaps.
“Can you stand up? Sherlock, answer me!” John set his hands—so warm!—on either side of Sherlock’s face. Even in the dark Sherlock could feel him looking, assessing. “Can you?”
I actually forgot all about milking Isadora until I had finished chapter 12, which means I had left out approximately 120 gallons of milk from the story. I mean, I genuinely forgot, but also, for a farmer without a wife or partner to do the dairying, that much milk is really inconvenient. Nobody can drink that much, and it takes a significant amount of labour to process it. It needs to be strained (run through cloth to remove sticks and dirt and whatever), then left to sit so the cream rises to the top. Then it needs to be skimmed (have all or part of the cream removed) and the cream needs to be churned for butter. Hand churning is no joke. Then you’re also left with milk, which can be drunk or made into cheese or used in baking.
It was sunset when they came to Blair Water--a rosy sunset that flooded the long, sandy sea-coast with colour. John saw New Moon before he was told where it was:  a big house peering whitely through a veil of tall old trees--no mushroom growth of yesterday's birches but trees that had loved and been loved by three generations--a glimpse of silver water glistening through the dark spruces--the Blair Water itself. A real new moon, golden and slender rose above it, and as it did, John felt the flash come, and sat mesmerized with the thrill of it until Uncle Gregory pulled up in front of the house.
He ground his teeth in annoyance. Usually (well, the last two escapes) he had been able to catch Harry by the simple expedient of extending some tempting morsel through the door and seizing her by the collar as she craned her neck to take it. This would have worked at least one more time, based on the speed by which he’d been able to catch Harry before, but now it was out of the question, and they were in for a morning’s aggravation, no mistake.
I’d also like to add that my darling beta, doctornerdington, added the following comment after that note: “NOTED. No tea or alcohol, but sexing up okay.” She is correct. Sex up those hypothermic people as soon as they are conscious and consenting.
A nervous energy crackled through him as he chose a log, moved it to a safe distance from Lestrade and Lyons—who had their backs to each other, he noted—and began to slice a deep v-bed in the wide end. The slight unease he felt in company was intensified; chances were good that someone in this very yard was responsible for the tricks. He swung his axe harder, making chips fly.
Though all was calm inside, it was not so outdoors. The cabin did shake that night with the first great summer storm, and the enormous cedar at the edge of the swamp had been knocked down.
The tree appeared to be about fifteen years old, if the height and branching was any indication. It was not afflicted with any known diseases or parasites, and would have made proper timber in a dozen years. Not one of the robust branches had been interfered with in any way, and by the time Sherlock reached the cut part of the trunk, about a foot off the ground, he was properly puzzled. He had expected, if the felling were simple mischief, that the top of the tree would have been restrained by a rope of some sort, but there was no indication that such a thing had been done.
“That’s conjecture.” Sherlock’s voice was weaker than he had hoped it might be. John was looking up at him, and the look made Sherlock want to fall to his knees. He stiffened his spine instead.
John fled to the toolshed. As he filed rust off his best fishhooks, he cursed his own weakness. He'd done a good job of staying rational and keeping his distance, physically, but there was something so compelling about Sherlock Holmes, something so easy in their intercourse, that he could not maintain an intellectual, or, indeed, emotional, distance. And where John’s emotions went, his body followed—though, to be fair, his body had already been there from the time Sherlock had slid ungracefully off his horse in early May. Discovering that Sherlock was a brilliant, mercurial, ridiculous arsehole on top of that had been the
“Leave the geese alone and you can cook. I am nearly finished with the home field; I’ll just take out bread and cheese and then I can stay out until suppertime.”
“I mean, I dropped a microtracker on Jaren. It’ll record his meeting with the referee, which is all the proof that’s needed.”
Because he was, wasn’t he? John looked at Sherlock.  His body swayed with the music and his face was dreamy with pleasure. He was right at home here, and at John’s, too. With John.
“You don’t need a partner.” John’s face was like a thundercloud but he was still Dr. Watson. Sherlock shivered slightly. “Perhaps you do need treatment.”
“Kiss me,” Sherlock whispered, and John did, pulling Sherlock’s face down to his and claiming his salty, cool lips with an unslakable thirst. Sherlock’s hands gripped his back, and their bodies pressed together so closely no rain could come between them.
John opened his satchel and pushed the tea and sugar inside. He looked around for somewhere to put the pamphlet, but decided the probability of it being discovered on the ground was worse than carrying it, at least for now. He shoved it into his pockets and headed for Angelo’s store, quite discomfited.
“Goodnight, Sherlock.” He didn’t ask whether or not Sherlock would turn in. Sherlock nodded, briefly, and returned to his internal contemplation.
He could not look at John’s hands without feeling them slide, so gently, into his arse, and he felt he would go to the grave with the feeling John’s handprint seared on his back. Every time John raised his voice in response to Sherlock’s provocation, Sherlock’s desire spiraled higher. He knew that his control was finite, and though he was testing John, John’s response tested him. He should have included that in his calculations, but desire, until so recently unknown or a source of shame, was still something of a mystery to him.
It had been his choice. He'd never wanted to see another person again, after Agra, and seven years of self-imposed exile hadn’t changed his mind. The goats and the geese were usually enough for him, though they were poor company in the house and their conversation did leave a little to be desired.
The ankle wasn’t so bad but it would require binding and significant rest. John shook his head, and fetched his meager store of medical supplies.
“I wonder if anybody in the world is awake but me," thought John, feeling a sickening loneliness.  "If I only had Eva here!  I wonder where she is.  I wonder if they gave her any supper."
“Thank you for dinner,” he said, rather self-consciously. Sherlock nodded, as if it were his due. John opened his mouth to say something further, but caught Sherlock’s eye and closed it again. Sherlock hunched forward, wrapping his long arms around his knees.
"That," Sherlock said, with his hands now full of John's arse, "will take too long. Don't you have a post-stress reaction that verges on the sexual?"
John rubbed his eyes and set the water on before going to the barn. Tea was a necessity this morning; he hadn’t dreamed last night, but he’d woken still tired and wrapped in twisted blankets. That pile of scat in the woods had caused an avalanche of painful memories. What was done was done, and he could do nothing further—as a rational man, he knew that. And yet his cursed brain could not leave the fear and betrayal and shame behind him.
The first two coffees were both losers--and cold, as they’d got into a good-natured wrangle about the hockey game.
John looked up at the sky. The sun was lower in the sky than he liked, and the clouds had massed up while they had been fishing. They were due for more rain, and soon. He decided to set up the fire at the edge of the woods, near a little copse of birch and poplar. They could retreat into the thicker spruce woods behind if the rain got bad, and the horses could be sheltered in the little grassy patch under some birches.
I contemplated buying a piece of salt pork (available at any local grocery store here, along with horse meat) to show you but it’s too warm for baked beans. It’s really not so bad, but I would not want to eat it every day.
Sherlock, however, was not so quick—or rather, he was quick: quick to erection. As John slid away over Sherlock’s hips to freedom, Sherlock’s heavy cock bumped against John’s belly.
“I don’t care, Father. I will stay with them until I can earn my living and then I will leave. I want to see the world.”
"There's a first time for everything, then," John cracked, and Sherlock laughed. He did speed up, however, swishing the damp towel over his chest, armpits, and arse in efficient movements. He bent, as John had done, to do his legs and feet, but he did him one better, giving a full show of his arse as he did so.
Duty discharged, Sherlock set off for the southeast corner of the property. John was quite consciously ignoring him, so he did not salute; instead, though he limped, he quickened his pace as best he could, compass in hand. There were some excellent examples of
The cabin was twenty feet by fifteen, with the long end, and thus the entrance, facing northeast. The fireplace was to the right upon entering, a large, open stone hearth with a kettle hook and a grate. His kitchen bench was a small "L" that began on the far side of the fireplace wall and ran to the middle of the facing wall; his canisters of tea and sugar were kept there, as was the basin, and his barrels of salt pork and flour were underneath. His few dishes and a bronze clock—his only decorative item, a relic of his late grandmother Watson—were on a shelf by the window. From the floor under the shelf, a ladder reached up to the loft, where John stored the tools that were not in use and where now he would store his unwelcome guest. He must see to a bed, he supposed.
"It does indeed, and I have to say, friend, better you than me. He's got two speeds—surly and silent, or never shuts up—and  he’s deuced odd besides. Still, you won't be bored, and that's something."
“So you have an interest in…me? Sexually?” Sherlock persisted. His face was wearing its most alert expression; John, despite his flustered state, could not help but recognize it as Sherlock on the trail of an absorbing mystery.
“Have you seen John? Or Lyons?” he asked Lestrade, who held the door for him. Lestrade looked at him sharply, brown eyes tight in his handsome face.
“I don’t like it,” Sherlock muttered. John rolled his eyes, but a small stab of concern shot through him nonetheless. Sherlock’s feelings were not to be disregarded.
“Sherlock! Yes, I eat a great deal of salt pork. No, I will not discuss my regularity with you; the outhouse is to the northwest if you wish to pursue the matter further.”
John stared at Sherlock’s cock, then at the mess on the back of the settle. Sherlock’s panting was the only sound in the cabin. John’s knees were protesting. He knew he should withdraw the massager. And yet he remained where he was.
This brief medical disquisition was met with silence.  The fire snapped and popped, sending up sparks.
He'd swim. That's what he'd do. It was cold yet, but it would feel good to be clean, and remove the stench of billy goat—both literal and metaphorical—from him in the icy shock of the lake.
"Bring me a knife, then, and let's get to it. Because I do desperately want you." John kissed Sherlock, grinding his erection into Sherlock's thigh before standing, reluctantly.
The lonesome little house in the hollow was full the day of Douglas Watson’s funeral. People that had never spoken to him in life came in and looked upon his dead face with a freedom and insolent curiosity, and John Watson hated them all. Even more, he hated his mother’s family, the Lestrades, arrayed beside him in their sober funeral dress. They had disapproved of his father, disowned his mother, and were strangers to him, and he wished, as he shook hand after hand, for them to remain so. Uncle Phillip said afterwards that he had never seen a child so absolutely devoid of all natural feeling
Stamford shook his head and chuckled. “It’s true that my pills are more uneven than not. John doesn’t practice any more, Molly, but perhaps he’d be willing to discuss his techniques. Come to that, Sherlock, you’re fairly hot on chemistry; Miss Kuskatoo could learn some things from you, too.”
Warning in this chapter for John's PTSD being triggered and a panic attack. If you want to avoid it, just stop reading at the paragraph that begins "John had been enjoying Sherlock’s sharp deductions" and begin again at “Breathing is good.” Sherlock said. I'll put a little summary of what you need to know from that paragraph in the endnotes.
He was in foul mood by the time he passed, Mrs. Hudson's. Higgins gave his usual loud welcome, both olfactory and auditory, but John didn't stop to greet him. He pressed on to Lestrade's. The moment he pulled up, the door swung open before he could knock.
John shook his head, but a warm glow spread through him. Sherlock was well enough, if he could be caustic. And, if he were caustic towards John, well, he was not angry, odd as that might sound. That, given the events of the past week, was a significant relief.
The only significant obstacle to this scientific progress was John’s disapproval. Sherlock looked down at the far end of the home field, where John was turning the oxen. It took, by his pocket watch, seven minutes on average for John to cross the corduroy bridge over the creek and make the trip down to the end, then ninety seconds to turn and another seven to come back, barring any unforeseen encounters with clay holes. The seven minutes in which his back was turned were vital; Sherlock was certain that John would not countenance anyone climbing up to the roof of the old shanty with Philemon tucked under his arm, much less Sherlock with a plan to throw the goose off.
“Don’t let me see you kissing cats, boy!” he barked, almost in spite of himself. Greg knew he shouldn’t have said it the moment it came out of his mouth, but he didn’t like cats--they did their job well enough, but he’d rather not see them.
Sherlock breaks both house rules (“Don’t make more work for John” and “Don’t get injured”) as well as the third, unwritten rule (“Don’t ask about a relative stranger’s bowel movements”) in the first flush of his scientific enthusiasm.  John experiences more adrenaline in Sherlock’s first week than he has in the last two years put together. And a mama moose has a very nasty surprise.
He rolled over and buried his face in the blankets. The bolts of sensation intensified as the weight of his body came down on his cock and he gasped in spite of himself. His skin felt itchy and his face flushed, and his testicles certainly felt congested.
Some elements of the barn-raising in this chapter comes from a partial description of a work bee from Susanna Moodie’s Roughing It in the Bush. She, of course, hated work bees, but I am pretty sure lots of people enjoyed them.
“Sherlock,” he said, as he approached the bed. Sherlock did not respond. John lifted the blankets and took a deep breath; it was worse than he had thought. Sherlock was unresponsive. He should have hurried, he thought, mentally chastising himself. He shoved the image of Sherlock nude--long, pale back and surprisingly full bottom shining in the firelight—to the back of his mind. It was time to save a life. The bedframe creaked as he slid between the covers.
Sherlock attempts courtship via baked eggs, John comes to a tentative decision, and something goes bump in the night.
“Pick your own!” John pulled his hand in. This achieved the desired effect; Sherlock seized his wrist and moved into his space, bending to kiss him while trying to abstract raspberries from his hand. John surged forward and bit Sherlock’s lip.
"It's a great shame," said Mycroft Holmes, sighing, "My brother is, shall we say, somewhat of a burden."
He approached the tree itself. Starting at the top, he worked his way down, examining each of the branches for signs of interference. John stood by, holding the horses and keeping a watch of sorts, if his alert shifting of position was any indication.
Sherlock watched him take the ladder with a slight smile, and felt a stab of sympathy for John’s hard life—and now he was saddled with an unwelcome guest as well. Nothing would atone for Mycroft's manipulation, but he could, he supposed, contribute more to the running of the household than simply unskilled labour like dishwashing. That would certainly placate this small, angry man, and perhaps allow for greater freedom than Sherlock himself would otherwise enjoy. And, Sherlock could not help but admit to himself, John Watson was almost as interesting as his geese and his backwoods.
John stepped back and sat on the settle uneasily but he leaped up again as if remembering. There, Sherlock sympathized; he sat on the settle because there was no other place, but every time he looked at it he saw splatters of spunk.
“Your ankle is not even close to right yet. Do you wish to be confined to the cabin for weeks? I said you could walk on it because I felt you would be sensible, but if you cannot understand the simple cause and effect in this case, I will be obliged to insist that you rest.”
"I've noticed something odd about Isadora this morning," Sherlock said, coming in from the garden. "She's been refusing her feed, at least occasionally, and making unusual noises."
The moment John woke he knew he should have slept upstairs. He had not moved in the night but Sherlock had, and he was curled against John’s back. His face was buried in John’s hair, his arm was flung low over John’s hip, and his extremely proportionate erection was wedged into a very suggestive position between John’s arse cheeks.
He laid out the baby squirrel carefully, humming as he did so. His mind ticked through the steps with perfect efficiency; what a pleasure work was. John’s cabin did lack some amenities, but he found what he needed here and there. He was sure John wouldn’t begrudge him the pins he needed, for example, and the knife could be washed.
Thanks once again to girlwhowearsglasses, ellioop, turifer, and marigolds for reading and cheering me on. Doctornerdington, my main beta, has done her best to limit my lack of clarity and deserves all the thank-yous. All remaining idiocies are mine.
Sherlock was seated cross-legged on the floor, surrounded by a veritable mountain of red Tim Horton’s cups.
Come and see me on Twitter (@scudery) and tumbler (redscudery) for ridiculous military headcanons and other things. Thanks for reading!
“The case of why a beloved national institution is rigged, yes.” Sherlock seized another cup and scrabbled for his knife.
Was it then that John did not find him physically attractive? Or rather, attractive in a way suitable for coupling? Sherlock knew that his outward appearance was more than acceptable, but the chemical formula that led to coupling was seemingly indefinable (witness Harry’s frantic acceptance of Higgins’ overtures), and so perhaps he did not reach John’s standards, whatever those might be. He found that he wanted to reach John’s standards.
Oh, John desired him, all right, desired every creamy, frustrating inch. And he had permission, he thought. Permission to take Sherlock's cock into his hands and give him pleasure. It would settle him, too, John knew it would; likely Sherlock was just too much of an arsehole that nobody wanted to get close enough to fuck him. A few "crises" and he'd be much more tractable.
“Is… that… usual?” Sherlock could feel the unnatural tone of his voice, but was unable to articulate clearly.
Poor John. Bound, in so many ways, by conventional feeling. Sherlock almost let the thread of pity he felt for him cut through his anger.
In fact, John admitted to himself, he had expected Sherlock to be calmer and more tractable, but those hopes had been summarily dashed. Though Sherlock had been increasingly focused on his investigations and experiments, he had been extraordinarily aggravating in his personal habits. He had spent the rest of that fateful day attempting to identify the dog hair and its source, without luck. Then, he had decided that the best solution to his intellectual impasse regarding the source of the dog hair was to attempt to find a substitute for tobacco. The various rank “cigarettes” that he produced over the subsequent days drove John ever wilder, and the tension in the cabin had risen rather than dropped.
He could hear John shouting behind him. How extraordinary that John had not devised a better method of catching escaped caprines than chasing them very slowly.
He had known Sherlock experienced sexual response. It had been foolish to swim together; it had been worse than foolish to precipitate a wrestling match. He should have known that it would be unnecessarily stimulating when Sherlock could not, or would not, relieve his own urges.
John and Sherlock are at cross-purposes over the advisability of pelvic massage until Sherlock’s body takes over and solves the problem…for now. A trip to town means an unwelcome parcel from Mycroft, a delicious dinner with Angelo and some unnerving news from Stamford. John is haunted by his past.
“Don’t get smart with me, young man, or I’ll turn right back around and you can do without Frank this year.”
“Is someone there?” Sherlock sat right up, eyes bright. He leaped up and pulled on trousers, while John searched for his own.
“I found something, you know,” Sherlock said, once John’s mouth was full. John nodded, signaling him to continue.
“She’s just bleating…no, she is bellowing. Someone’s coming.” John rose to go to the door but Sherlock sprang up at a speed that seemed unlikely given his previous languor.
“Not a hormonal nitwit. You just...need a lot of stimulation. Also, can you please lower your voice, because this is my workplace.”
So he sat, quiet—unnaturally quiet, Mycroft would have said. Or rather, Mycroft would have deduced … what would he have deduced? Mentally, he raised two fingers in the direction of Carleton. Why must he always have the shadow of Mycroft and his greater mind hanging over him?
Sherlock shook hands with both women. Mrs. Barrymore simply nodded; Prue Dimmock muttered a “how d’ye do” in her flat Canadian voice. As he had expected, neither seemed to be quite the type to have perpetrated the kind of unconventional hoax as the straw dog—although if the loud woman knew his mother anything was possible, he supposed.
Sherlock came back, holding the big knife and several other things John recognized as his autopsy tools.
Sherlock set his face mulishly, but John raised a firm hand. “It’s simply impossible. And if you do it, I will send you back to your brother. This person is trying to scare us, not hurt us; the best thing we can do is,” here, he nerved himself, and lied to Sherlock, “go about our business. This person will show themselves again, and we will have more information.”
So right away Guglielmo stands out because he's pale as a lily and thin; John starts watching him. Not out of prurient interest, at first, but because he's so different. But then his hair lengthens, his skin becomes golden, and the muscles on his back and legs get more and more defined.
“Sherlock, I spent months in Afghanistan, often too fucking scared or tired or sandy to get off. I have this in the bag.”
He did not. John lay behind him, chafing with his hands, until the water boiled and he had to tear himself away to make tea. Dumping tea profligately straight into the kettle, he prepared two cups, both with three spoons of sugar, and Sherlock’s with a tot of whiskey. He refrained from putting any in his own; he wasn’t so cold, and he didn’t need any lowered inhibitions, either. The shock of a naked body against his own had already awakened a deep hunger within him, but he stood firm against it.
Matches. Where did John keep the matches? A tin. In the kitchen. He felt his way over to the kitchen bench and tried to identify the match tin by touch. His hands would not cooperate; he knocked over the sugar and upset the cups before he came to the tin. It was open: an error, but thank goodness for small mercies. He felt for a candle as well, and when he had one, he tried to take a single match from the slippery mass in the tin. They seemed alive in the way they fled from under his fingers, and he cursed as he came up empty again and again. Finally, angry, he dumped the entire tin on the bench and was able to roll one away and position it between finger and thumb. Carefully, clumsily, he tried to strike it against the lid: once, twice, three times. Nothing. He took another and tried again. Still no success.
John felt himself flush. He nearly groaned. How had he thought that Sherlock's attention could not get more arousing? He would be diamond-hard before they even touched if this continued.
“If we eat now, we’ll have time to get home, though we might have to ride the last part of the way in the dark. I’ll build a fire, shall I?” he said. Sherlock nodded, his wind-ruffled curls narrowly escaping contact with the pile of fish guts beside him. “Don’t get anything unspeakable in your hair, or you’ll have to go swimming.”
It was a male, which had been clear from the scent, but even for a male he was truly enormous.  His fur, too, was thick and glossy, and his head was square and impressive. At least four years old, and probably closer to eight. The giant shining claws showed a little use, and there were almost no scars in the skin. It looked very like it had been cared for in some way.
He didn’t. He consciously relaxed his muscles and let the horrible scent fill his nostrils. He would be more than his instinct. He would.
This was not quite the relief he expected. Something about the absence of any physical evidence disturbed him, giving an otherworldly element to their bear encounter of the night before. As they had never actually seen the animal, it was almost as though it existed in multiple places at once and as such was exponentially more terrifying.
“I…” John tried again. The misery on Sherlock’s face was pure torture. “I am not…averse.  I cannot, for very good reasons that you are entirely aware of—
“He can’t be wearing that cheap suit in Blair Water,” he said. “You’ll get what’s necessary to outfit him decently now, Martha, and stuff to make up the rest once we’ve arrived.”
“This is contradictory.” Sherlock’s face was a mask now. “Just yesterday, you urged me to allow you to do this. You believed it to be an effective medical procedure. Today, it’s a sexual act, one that carries dangerous consequences. It’s the same act!”
“Damn it, Sherlock you are flesh and blood. You have feelings. You have…you must have…impulses. Self-stimulation?” John persisted. Sherlock hunched over his fish skeleton.  A brief shake of the head indicated little; was he saying he did not, or that he did not wish to discuss it?
Sherlock’s only thought had been to observe John interacting with the geese alone, but he had remained frozen as John had performed the intimate act which had been his clear intention. As it had unfolded before his eyes, he had been powerless to move. Only John’s strangled exclamation upon seeing him had given his feet wings.
“Go back to sleep, now,” John slid out of bed, shaking himself as the cold air touched his skin, and padded over to build up the fire.
He was only just in time. The bear wheeled around on his hind legs, spotted the retreating body, and began to move.
Come and visit me on tumblr, where I’m redscudery, or Twitter, where I go by @scudery. Thanks for reading!
John turned his body and grabbed Sherlock’s hips, pulling their bodies together. There was a hard ridge in those damn shorts, and he felt reassured. He ran his hand up Sherlock’s neck and pulled him down.
“Go to bed,” Sherlock said, and John started. He rubbed his eyes, and for a moment, in the dim light, he looked very young. Sherlock wondered whether he had smiled more before India.
It was another altogether to delve into his drawers as though he were only a patient when John was already uncomfortably aware of him as a man. He looked at Sherlock’s hands. If he really were proportionate… Better not imagine what that might look like.
The drawers puddled at Sherlock’s feet. John draped Sherlock’s arm around his shoulders and pivoted him towards the back of the cabin.
As he drew on his trousers, the pamphlet crackled in his pocket. John extracted it from its constant resting place, as he had learned by now that Sherlock could not be trusted to respect normal conventions of privacy. Unfolding it, he perused the design as if he did not know it by heart: the slim, curved figure, to reach the gland, and the broad, flat base, presumably to avoid a disappearance into the fundament.
He dressed, slowly, taking the time to dry his body in the sun, since Sherlock could not see him. There must be something, anything, he could do to help.
“Indeed,” Sherlock said. He had already pulled a notebook from his pocket and was climbing to the top of the tallest root pile.
The sun beat down on him as he bent over the rows, heaping up the dirt around the potato stems. The plants were robust—a side effect of the excellent weather, and he began to hope that he would have food throughout the winter as well as seed potatoes the following spring. He had plenty of cheese, thanks to Isadora’s twins, and plenty of pickles, thanks to Sherlock. If he could preserve some meat—the ham he had gotten in Bonne Chere had been the most delicious thing he had eaten for some time—he would be well-set up to make it through the winter. He redoubled his efforts.
"This is the last batch," he said to Sherlock, and made his way through to Hamish and Jack's stall. Sherlock gave the goats one last caress as he left, and Idiot Horse too.
“In a manner of speaking. He…the dog…didn’t like me being away, so I smuggled him into school.  He stayed in the boxroom, and sometimes in my room. That was frowned upon, even with Mycroft’s influence. And then he—Mycroft, not the dog, though I wouldn’t put it past him—bit someone, rather badly.”
John had the following day off, and though he wished he could find Sherlock and surprise him as Sherlock had done, he knew it was a lost cause to try, especially as Sherlock had left that morning for parts unknown. Instead, he updated his blog and took a nap, and then, when he had exhausted all other options, cleaned his share of the house. There were still some empty cups from Sherlock’s earlier investigations, and John squirreled them away for future reference. Then, he logged on to Sherlock’s blog and began to read cases.
In their wanderings, their unspoken agreement was to obey Stamford’s edict to stay inside at night. The usually genial doctor’s solemn tone, combined with their earlier misadventures, made them keep it. By the time dusk fell, the animals were safely locked away, and though the men might sit at the door of the cabin to watch the sun set, they always moved indoors when the dark came. In the flicker of firelight—necessary even in June, to drive the worst of the insects away—they sat together, sometimes talking, sometimes listening, always attentive to the other, and in near-perfect peace.
“Bloody buggering fuck,” he exclaimed. He raised his head—from Sherlock’s armpit—and glared at the door.
When he arrived, Sherlock was already there, adding to a pile of items on the counter so eclectic they could only belong to him: borax, three kinds of nails, tiny unidentifiable bottles of something, a bag of dried corn, shaving soap, two mismatched teacups, some calico, and the stuffed grouse Angelo kept on the top of his shelf at the back. How in blazes had Sherlock convinced Angelo to part with that? John hoped there would be no forthcoming experiments in taxidermy.
He reached for his flies, shaking as though he had to piss uncontrollably. When his trousers were finally open and the night air cooling the heated skin of his belly, he reached for his cock. The friction as he pulled it out of his drawers was both exquisite and torturous, and he sighed softly. Remembering the friction of the wool blankets against his cock that morning, he gripped himself more tightly. He recalled John’s rhythm, one stroke up, one stroke down, and replicated it. The bolt of sensation shot through him again, making his knees tremble. Redoubling his stroke, he arched his hips up and gasped, suddenly frantic to reach the point towards which his body yearned.
"Look, stay away from him. Don't get entangled. He's not right, and he could hurt you. They…His family could hurt you." There was genuine pain in her voice.
In retrospect, John should have realized the length of time between the text and the response was ominous, but the clinic was full of people with tonsillitis and midwinter sniffles, and he didn’t have time to check his texts. It was only as he was trying to decide whether to brave the cold for lunch--and whether to go back to Tim Horton’s--that he reached for his phone, but he was interrupted by a brisk knock on the staffroom door.
The sun was low as John turned along Scotch Bush road. Scanning the forest, he shivered a little; things were harder to see at dusk, and each dark shape seemed slightly more sinister than it had that morning.
"It's perfect," he said, and nudged Sherlock's mouth so he could bite that lip instead, worrying it until Sherlock had to laugh into his mouth. Then, John surged up, straddling Sherlock and pinning him to the bed.
Sherlock and John’s impromptu fishing trip yields worm units, mushroom banter, revelations about family, an awkward conversation about virility, and an incipient case of hypothermia. Also, some fish.
He did not want to be a burden to John Watson. He wanted, he thought with some surprise, to be his friend.
As John sat on the edge of the settee, as close as he could come to Douglas Watson’s still, breathing body, he stared into the darkness and tried to face the awful thing that lay before him. A terrible pain consumed him, and his flash seemed years ago. He would have to go to the Lestrades, most likely, until he could earn his own living, and how was he to do that? He could not fight imaginary pirates for his bread. Worse, he would be motherless and fatherless now, with nobody to understand him. The world seemed cold--not a howling wilderness, for that would be interesting at least--but a cold nothing.
"It is," John said, rummaging for his trousers. "I've never been so worried to be outdoors before. It's bloody ridiculous."
They went back to the south field as soon as it was light, before chores or tea.  The root piles were still smouldering, and the traces of their picnic were visible in the shorn grass.
"Absolutely. It is impossible to mistake her utter commitment to medicine. That is where her considerable energy and devotion go. She has no motive, certainly, but more importantly she has no time for us."
“Understandable. You should be less sensitive now.” John choked out the words, seized with an urge to disappear—to run, to hide. To find the most physical job he could find and work at it until his body was bent and exhausted.
They touched their matches to the nests of curled birchbark simultaneously, and each crackled immediately, sending thin streams of smoke up into the cooling air. John stood back and watched the little tongues of flame lick up towards the smaller dry roots. This was the most satisfying part of the clearing process: digging out the gnarled roots had been hellish, and seeing them ignite and burn meant that he was so much closer to a fully cleared farm.
“How far would we get if one of the horses broke a leg? About as far as you got with a sprained ankle, eh?” John exclaimed. “Transport is still important, and it’s the same with every system. You can’t neglect everything!”
"There's no rush, John," Sherlock said, and seized his hip with one big hand. "I want to touch you."
"John," said Uncle Gregory sternly, "shut that door. You may look at the books with permission, when it’s not so late and when you have no work to do."
John looked at him. In the low firelight, Sherlock was only a pale shadow against the blankets, but John’s brain filled in the missing lines of his body: the broad shoulders, the surprisingly muscular arms, the light dusting of hair on the lean chest. To get back into bed would be a master class in self-control. John exhaled gustily. His breath formed a wispy cloud in the cold air of the room, and he shivered.
John slid his leg out from under Sherlock’s and reapplied himself to checking the pulse. It was steady, though slow. He reached for the tea; it was cool, but Sherlock would still need it. He shook him awake and Sherlock’s eyes opened slowly.
The sound of his name in Sherlock's mouth was very sweet indeed, and for a moment their mutual pleasure in the day and each other's company seemed to fill the dark pine woods through which they were riding. Then Sherlock saw some unusual mushrooms and leaped from his horse, causing Arthur to stop stock-still in the path, blocking John's way.
“It doesn’t really matter if they don’t bite,” John said, and laughed at Sherlock’s nonplussed expression.
I almost added a Sherlock POV here and then chickened out. Basically, Sherlock thinks John is interesting and he’ll hate it a lot less than he thought.
“That’s where you’re wrong,” Sherlock whispered back. “It’s the bicycles. In February. Nobody’s coming back here, at least not for the three minutes you’ve got.”
It was during a brief bout of this inattentiveness, as they turned down the east line on their way home, that Sherlock nearly fell into the Bonne Chere ravine.
It was as though that single touch had unleashed a beast. Sherlock sank into the kiss with a deep painful groan, his mouth hot and greedy. John held on tight, gripping Sherlock's shoulder and neck, feeling the quick rhythm of Sherlock's breath and the satiny dampness of his skin.
Sherlock smiled at him, still fiddling madly. Mrs. Hudson moved through the dance like quicksilver with Sarah; Lyons and young Joe, the latter blushing madly, followed. Molly, light as could be, promenaded with Stamford, who, though a heavy man, was an excellent dancer. Sally and Soo-Lin completed the set, laughing.
You may be unsuprised to learn I can do all the things above, though thankfully we DID have running water by the time I was old enough to help with the dairy work. And to be clear, our farm was really just a hobby farm (my parents were back-to-the-land hippies) so I wasn’t doing the kind of work my friends on real working farms were doing, but I definitely milked a lot of animals and did a lot of dishes. Also I really, really hate unpasteurized milk. Always have. It tastes like cows smell.
Sherlock sat back up on Idiot Horse, still with Arthur’s rein in his hand. He drew a deep breath, and caught the tang of bear. His skin crawled, and he gripped Idiot Horse’s mane in his left hand. She snorted reassuringly—of course she would, the moronic animal—and kept her pace.
No. That way lay madness. Clucking at Arthur, who was only too happy to pick up the pace, John bent his mind to the problem of the swamp in the back quarter.
As the new spate of rainy days wore on, Sherlock’s provocative behaviour returned and reached new heights. He commandeered John’s blankets to make the settle more comfortable. He refused to wash his mould experiments out of the dishes. He attempted to start an ill-advised experiment with coals on the hearth that might have burned the cabin down. He did not dress, or eat, or even sleep, as far as John could tell. He did make bread, but baked some type of herb into the loaf that John ate that made multiple trips to the outhouse a matter of necessity rather than subterfuge.
“Sherlock, be a dear and take that dough off Sarah’s hands. Sarah, you can peel potatoes since you’ve apparently left what little sense you have at home.”
A light rain began to fall. It was not as cold as the night of their hike back from the lake, but neither was it warm. John hoped Sherlock had his coat on.  If he had come out to the barn in his shirtsleeves, he would catch a chill, and another bout of hypothermia would mean the end of them both.
The leaves were on the trees and John’s fields were ploughed and seeded by the time Sherlock was truly up and around again. He had properly begun his botanical work—joking to John that flora were significantly more tractable than any of the fauna he had so far attempted to study-collecting first around the buildings, then the edges of the fields, and finally in the smaller woods on the home quarter. He had also, to John’s delight, devoted himself to the kitchen garden, and now it flourished as it had never done before. It was not yet June and bean and pea plants were popping up, and the onions and lettuce were already edible. He had also taken over the bread-making, with a success that had made him quite puffed up; his salt-rising bread was better than Mrs. Hudson’s, though John didn’t intend to tell him that.
First the moose, now this. Sherlock felt a warm curl in the region of his heart, enough to start a frisson of unease in his own mind.
Sherlock felt John tremble beside him, but he also felt the absolute iron discipline that kept him at Sherlock’s side. Left to himself, Sherlock knew that John would have called out, and even confronted the figure—useless, ultimately. This person clearly did not mean to harm them outright, but nor did they—she?—mean to be caught. Their stealth meant they would be difficult to catch if it came to a footrace.
“As you say, Captain Watson,” Sherlock replied. The sound of those words in that voice was arresting, but John bit down any desire. He ladled hot water into the dishpan and washed his hands well, then emptied it out the door. Refilling the pan, he dropped the folded towel into the water and went for the beaver grease.
As summer wanes, the olives fruit on the tree. John has a handful of pages of a terrible memoir and a raging crush on Guglielmo. Guglielmo is not immune. He notices the bearded, angry man in the shade by the farmhouse. One day he spills water on his bare ankles. On purpose.
“We should.” John said, taking a canvas sack from Arthur’s saddlebags. It wasn’t ideal for fish; he should see if he could trade with Mezenee for a creel. Usually he didn’t have much to trade—nor time to fish, which was the reason he didn’t have a creel—but perhaps if he managed to send Sherlock away safely, he might afford both things.
I’m grateful to ellioop for pointing me towards these Finnish wooden dildos (http://teatiamo.com/). They look very like what John might have made. I’m also indebted to her for the delightfully-worded suggestion that John take his time carving the massager: “A little puddle of quiet where he just... commits to the thing, and having become complicit in it, decides to do it His Own Way, and with Excellent Craftmanship and Consideration. Possibly correcting the design to accordance with his own experiences in the deltas of Upper Shagistan.”
"I'm not bored," John said reflexively, though the ghost of the whiskey bottle did flit across his mind. He wasn't bored.
“She’ll be out of sight of Harry that way,” Mrs. Hudson explained confidentially. “Harry can’t stand the scent of Frank on her.”
Thirty years old, he thought to himself. He would surely live another thirty years. If he spent nearly every night like this, the years would be long ones.
Suddenly, the crackling sound of a mature tree breaking filled his ears. As if in slow motion, he saw a large spruce fall out of the woods at the side of the road. It was falling directly on to Arthur, who, to his credit, had sped up when he heard the crack. John leaned forward and urged him on faster still, and the back wheels of the wagon cleared the place where the tree fell just as the first branches touched the ground.
“An experiment. Avian intelligence. Or have you forgotten our discussion?” Sherlock kept his tone brisk and business like.
“They were already rotten,” Sherlock had shot back, hoping for a smile. He’d gotten one too, a quick grin that showed John’s dour mood melting at the edges.
I also have a playlist for this fic (mostly Canadian music, but not always). Each chapter has a theme song and there will be an Easter egg of sorts in the chapter, usually an adaptation of the lyrics. This chapter’s theme song is “Save This House” by Spirit of the West, and obviously it’s the chapter title.
“It’s ‘windigo’… and no. The Ojibway know that the most dangerous being in the forest is the white man. They just want to know who it is and why he’s there.”
“Not so fast, Sherlock.” John broke the grip and sat back up. “There are some things to take care of first.”
John kicked Arthur up and had gone halfway out of the clearing when he realized that neither Idiot Horse nor Sherlock was with him. Cursing the fog of alcohol in his brain, he wheeled Arthur around.
He scrubbed his face with his hands and stared blankly, head pounding. He was half a world away, but even with the whiskey, dreams haunted him and made the long winter nights a thing to be feared.
Sherlock popped his final “p” in satisfaction. He was right—he knew it. He waited for John’s reaction without looking—waited for the “amazing”, “wonderful”.
There was no further time to waste. Sherlock had not heeded his call, and he was five steps...three steps... so close to the bear, and before John could catch him, Sherlock had walloped the bear on the arse with the flat end of John's best axe.
"It's been well fed," Sherlock said. "Been eating raspberries but that's about all the plant matter. The rest is meat--squirrel, as we suspected, and...wait." He speared something from the stomach on his knife, and held it up.
"You utter bastard!" John thought of the few coins that he had drawn from the worn leather bag that served him as purse and bank both. Mycroft Holmes' shoes cost more than his home, he'd wager.
The bear—for a bear it was—moved closer. Sherlock buttoned his trousers as swiftly as he could and stood. He would leave, as quietly as possible, and he would walk to the cabin and ask John for treatment. If he did not, he risked greater things than Mycroft’s smugness: his mind and perhaps his life.
John did not come in for lunch that day. His stomach growled, but he could not face Sherlock yet. Instead, he would wait until work exhausted one hunger before he satisfied another. There were plenty of woods to clear, after all. He hefted his axe and turned his attention to a spruce tree that was wider around than he was.
Protesting only slightly, Sherlock extracted himself from his corner and shook the dust from his coat. He dropped a log cant onto the counter beside the sacks and grinned at John. John grinned back—Sherlock’s hair was completely mad—but stopped when Sherlock’s eyes narrowed. He was thankful for his thick coat; surely Sherlock couldn’t divine what was in the pocket? He resolved to burn the damned pamphlet at the first opportunity.
John was about to bite Sherlock’s lower lip again (honestly, that lip should be bitten at every opportunity) when the hairs on the back of his neck stood up. His spine prickled with the certainty that he was being watched.
"Excuse me," said a woman's voice, John turned and saw a tall, statuesque woman, beautifully dressed.
“Horrible old woman,” Sherlock called, his cheeks pinkening. Did John think he had a delicious bottom? He was beginning—arresting thought—to suspect that John did think so. Sherlock himself had never really thought of bottoms as such, but now he rolled that new idea around in his mind. He had no trouble bringing the curves of John’s arse to his mind; though he hadn’t realized it at the time, his mind had stored the image of John sliding underwater. He could almost taste the cool lake water on his own lips as he recalled the jackknifing grace of John’s body, the compact curves of his arse breaching above the water for only a moment. It did have a pleasing shape: lean hollows above the sweetly rounded gluteus muscle, all set against a muscular back and strong thighs.
He stretched his arms over his head and stretched out. Through his slitted eyes he could see John watching him hungrily, and he smiled.
"Once, when I was seven," Sherlock said, suddenly dreamy. "Mycroft took me to our nurse's farm. I spent the whole day exploring and didn't want to leave. But he made me. Stupid Mycroft."
“Don’t move,” he whispered along the line of John’s hip, and John’s helpless groan echoed in his ears.
“Yes they’re beautiful darling, isn’t this one a pretty colour?” he said, careful to show each leaf it’s due admiration. She gurgled happily up at him, thumping him on the cheek to let him know of her approval, before he laughed, bopping her on the nose and standing up to settle her into her high chair.
Fair enough. John had been a goddamn idiot for a long time, he wasn’t going to deny her the chance to gloat.
Rosie threw her spoon on the floor, loudly demanding John’s attention and shaking him from his maudlin thoughts. He scolded her gently, admonishing her table manners before scooping her up and giving her a quick kiss, setting her down on her play mat under the butterfly mobile, indulgently smiling as he watched her kick her legs in glee. When he’d moved in, he had brought very little with him from the flat he and Mary had shared. The butterfly mobile had been one of the few things that made the cut, it had once been Harry’s, a gift from John’s grandmother. Sherlock had promised up, down and sideways that he had acquired some suitable decorations for the nursery of a baby girl, but the word ‘suitable’ held a very different meaning for the two of them. In John’s mind, it meant age appropriate things that had no small pieces or sharp corners, that had never once been part of a human or animal. To Sherlock, the word ‘suitable’ in the context of an infant meant educational learning opportunities and bright colours. So he’d decided to combine the two and had gone to a specialty shop in London, where he had bought painted wooden models of almost every poisonous frog in the Amazon Rainforest, because in his mind, they contained both pretty colours and educational opportunities. So it was an interesting array of toys that Rosie had been surrounded with at 221B Baker St, but John wouldn’t have had it any other way. Sherlock loved teaching her the different names and biological factors of each frog, Rosie loved the different colours, the blue frogs being her favourite, and the noise they made when she banged them against the floor. So it had all worked out pretty well really. Except for the part where Sherlock was not currently here.
He was given a very condescending roll of the eyes for his trouble, but she simply sighed and patted him on the cheek, before being unable to hold her composure and letting her face pull back into it’s previous beaming cheerfulness. “Yes, lovely,” she said, as she began to make her way down the stairs. “In fact, I might go visit Mrs Turner now, let her know of the new developments. But you be good to that boy!”
Why did he have to be wearing the blue dressing gown? The one time an insanely handsome, attractive foreigner came around who obviously knew Sherlock well enough to regale him with lurid tales of his (gay) sexual exploits, who was smart enough to answer questions about bomb chemistry and wether the results could be replicated with photography chemicals, and Sherlock was wandering around the flat looking like sex on legs, with an adorably ruffled head of dark curls and the royal blue silk dressing gown that draped elegantly over every curve of his body, to make it exceedingly clear he wasn’t wearing any pants.
Holding himself back with sheer willpower and over a decade of practice to fall back on, he smears his thumb through the pre-come on the head of Sherlock’s penis, slipping his tongue into the man’s mouth, tangling with Sherlock’s to muffle the low shriek. He was becoming truly desperate now, high, keening noises echoing around the wall of the flat, unable to move his hands from where they were tightly clinging to John’s shoulders for support.
The wanker laughed, eyeing John lasciviously, and it took everything John had not to shut the door in his face.
“John he’s gone now, and he left me a message saying he was doing a report on the riots going on in the Czech Republic, you won’t see him again if that’s-“
Iain’s grin was getting wider still, he began to look a little like the Cheshire Cat, which was definitely unnerving. Suddenly however, it broke off, his face became sober, his voice quieter, and more respectful. “I came to tell yeh that because yer fuckin' flatmate’s been demanding it for a week, Watson, and he’s screaming your name into the mattress when he comes”.
“Look,” came the rumbling brogue of the Scottish arsehole, “I meant what I said, I’ll be here for ten minutes tops. All you’ve got to do is hear me out, and if you can keep from taking a swing at my balls until then, I’d be fuckin' grateful.”
“Look, I’m sorry” he said, looking up at the stunned detective in apology. “That was a bad way to start, that was rude. Can we try again? Where did you meet him?”
Immediately reaching for the dustpan before the mess could spread, he left Sherlock standing there gaping, ordering him to stay still as he cleaned up the glass, double checking how far it had spread, and making sure none had entered Rosie’s cordoned-off play-pen.
The man sighed, tipping his head back to rest against the wall, fiddling with the ripped sleeve of his shirt. “I don’t have a problem with being called another name in bed, I wasn’t kidding the other night, no standards whatsoever, but he’s been getting more miserable as the week goes on.” He lifted his head a little to squint at John. “Made me worry about what he’d do when I’d fucked off and he didn’t have someone to use for stress relief who doesn’t give two shits about feelings and that crap. Since your head could have put the boiler industry out of business the first night I was over, thought you might like to hear something.”
Sherlock blinked back at him, looking a bit startled at John’s tone, so he tried to smile, reaching for two mugs and putting the kettle on. “I was just wondering, if he’s… not here”. Oh God, better and better. Sherlock had relaxed though, and tugged his fingers out of Rosie’s grip, much to her displeasure, standing up to stretch. There were the faint marks of bruises around his wrists, and John tried as hard as he could to keep the hot swooping in his stomach off his face.
It was a slow dance down the corridor, a waltz between a detective who was almost asleep on his feet, and a doctor who had wrapped himself around his partner, gently pushing him backwards down the corridor, turning the fluid swaying of his exhausted love into a dance he had never allowed himself to have.
“I thought it was you, at first, I thought I was hallucinating from whatever form of knock-off alcohol they were belting out from the bar. I wasn’t”. His eyes returned to rest on his shoelaces again. “He was… interesting. He never minced his words around me, never bothered pretending he wasn’t interested, didn’t make any effort to be subtle. He – liked me. Didn’t care that I deduced him, or other people. I liked it.”
When the knock at the door came, he got up good naturedly to answer it, expecting a client who he could perhaps have a cup of tea with, maybe a bit of chat until Sherlock came back, only to come face to face with Iain MacKelpie, his dismay immediately visible on his face for the other man to see.
He seized Sherlock’s hand and drew the detective down into a kiss, wrapping both arms around his shoulders and locking them together, their bodies meeting in a heady flush.
Mrs Hudson was still happily talking as the shower shut off in the distance, “-and the nice police officer on duty even showed me how to work the brakes on that bloody pram of yours John Watson, and well, this was the first time it had started to roll down the hill-“
. There had been times since John had moved in when he honestly didn’t know whether Sherlock knew what sex was beyond a common motive for standard murder cases, and now he was currently rolling his head back and laughing while the fucking bastard of the hour was describing a blow job in graphic detail.
Sherlock snorted and John was almost, almost, pleased for a moment before the resident genius went on to condescendingly correct, “Oh, two legs has never been a requirement for you before, not with that corporal in the airport in Kabul, you remember him, - the one with two prosthetic legs?”
But as Sherlock moaned above him, heartbeat fluttering in the pulse shown stark against the taunt skin of his neck, John wouldn’t have moved for anything. There was power here, quietly taking the love of his life apart from below while Sherlock took what he needed, what he
John shut the door quickly, shaking his head, making sure it was locked before he crossed back to Sherlock, who was now definitely beginning to nod off at the kitchen table. He took hold of his hands, pulling Sherlock up, wrapping his hands around his waist as the sleeping detective swayed against him. John buried his nose against the side of Sherlock’s throat, pressing gentle kisses into the warm flesh as he smiled, tracing his nose up along the pale skin and back down, kissing over his pulse point. “Come on love”, he whispered, pulling Sherlock’s arms around him. “Come to bed with me”.
daughter sleeps peacefully upstairs. Sherlock has begun to snore lightly, and John is drifting of to the sound when Sherlock’s breath hitches and he mumbles quietly to himself, berating John for being an idiot who can’t tell the difference between an antique diamond necklace and a clever hiding place for deadly explosives, still clearly asleep. John laughs quietly to himself, pressing kisses into the warm skin of Sherlock’s back, tracing along a small constellation of freckles that scatter over his left shoulder. It seems Sherlock’s dream has moved on, as he stops talking to an imaginary, idiotic version of John and his breathing begins to settle again. John is also mostly asleep, just barely in the mind frame between the state of consciousness that is neither asleep nor awake when he hears it. Mumbled, barely audible, almost completely evasive to the human ear.   But he hears it, this form of Sherlockian sentiment.
He stroked Sherlock’s curls as he waited, turning his head a little to press his smile into Sherlock’s temple, softly kissing his temple, once, twice, three times.
It was a long week. Sherlock kept his word, Iain MacKelpie did not come back to Baker St that John knew of. Sherlock would disappear in the evenings and not come home until midmorning the next day, rumpled and tired.
“Oh honestly John, she wasn’t in it at the time! I’d just taken her out and we were at the pond you see, so we were ripping up pieces of bread to feed the ducks and all of a sudden there’s a lovely policeman running past us, I’d completely missed the pram rolling down the hill, and it didn’t even really get wet, you see? Didn’t even make it to the water.”
Rosie’s bottle dropped to the tray of her highchair, the baby evidently deciding she was now too tired to drink from it herself, even with the promise of the food it contained. She was beginning to slump similarly to Sherlock, having run out of what John had assumed was a near-constant stream of energy and chatter. He smeared an apple scroll with jam and placed it directly in front of Sherlock’s nose where he couldn’t miss it, before scooping his daughter out of her chair and carrying her upstairs, changing her into a clean sleep suit before lowering her into her cot, sitting down against the bars to look at her. She was lying on her back, head turned to John, tiny and fragile and falling asleep in front of his eyes, her little breath puffing in and out as John poked his hand through the bars and began to rub her tummy.
He could have flipped them over, pinned Sherlock on his back on the other end of the couch, he could of rolled the pair of them onto the floor and taken Sherlock from behind in front of the window. Hell, he could move now, wrap Sherlock’s legs around him and carry him into the bedroom, not let the man go until he came screaming, writhing on John’s fingers or his cock, letting him kiss him until they both fell asleep in the tangled wreck of the sheets.
And insult of insults, Rosie actually calmed down immediately, gazing up at this new stranger with remnants of tears still slipping down her outraged red cheeks, cooing up at him as he walked her around the kitchen. “Aww, poor lassie , yer all right aren’t you? Need somethin’ in yer tum.”
With a much more high-brow taste in jumpers. Also free from residual limps, gun shot scars, and jobs where you actually have to show up on time and be able to stay awake for the entire length of time rather than fall asleep with his head on the printer because a mad genius wanker had run him and some of Scotland Yard’s finest through a piggery-turned-abattoir that saw every cab in London take one look and keep driving.
He was distantly aware of Mrs Hudson fussing with the kettle, keeping half an ear on her describing the various places they had been and people they had chatted to and things that Rosie had tried to eat, and one ear on the shower, waiting for the water to stop. Rosie was also making a valiant bid for his attention, now making a serious face to show him she meant business, carefully picking up one leaf at a time from her collection inside the pram, and shoving it into his hands.
He was staring at his lap now, eyes wet at the corners, not able to look at the greatest man he’d ever had the privilege to love, afraid to see what Sherlock’s face would express. He just sat there, too scared to look up, wondering if he’d buggered it up royally again, and whether he should leave, give Sherlock a bit of space… But the consulting detectives finger’s slipped around John’s wrist where it was still clamped over Sherlock’s mouth, and John shakily exhaled as the calloused fingers peeled John’s palm away.
”, trying to bounce his screaming daughter and turn the stove off at the same time. Sherlock trailed through the doorway in time to see Iain fluidly lift the howling infant off John’s shoulder, even as John yelped and tried to stop him, to be foiled by forgetting about the spoon still in the macaroni pot, having to hastily turn his attention back to the stove to avoid boiling water slopping over all three of them.
“Not long John, only a week. I did get the impression that you didn’t like him much, but you won’t have to deal with him anyway, he sorted out a room last night, so I can spend time with him there.” Sherlock banged the cup down, his face set in an odd expression, startling a little when the tea slopped over the edge. “I like him.” His voice had taken on an tight, defensive tone, and John sensed the conversation had gone somewhere, but wasn’t quite sure what to do about it as Sherlock stood up.
It wore on him. He was old and lame, single parent to a baby girl with a former assassin for an ex-wife, trying to make the ends meet at whatever surgery was desperate enough to hire a doctor who was unpredictable and unreliable with his hours. Iain looked to be at least 8 years younger than him, could hold an intelligent conversation with Sherlock Holmes, and hadn’t spent the last how many years blatantly refusing any attraction to the man for any person who looked at them sideways.
Snapping to back to the conversation, John looked up at her in horror, eyes quickly going back to where Rosie was slowly sucking on her bottle with drooping eyes, to check for any injuries before she laughed.
“Yes good afternoon Watson, no need to pull my teeth out. I have organised with Molly to get hold of a dentistry model of the human mandible, but it won’t be here until next week, so you will have to restrain yourself.   Now observe, here we have
And then he looked up in shock, eyes flying open to meet Sherlock’s at the chaste kiss that was being pressed into his palm.
They tangled together slowly, smoothly. Shoes were kicked off, belts flung over the back of the couch, Sherlock’s trousers were slowly falling off his ankles, silk boxers pushed down to his knees while John’s pants had been kicked off entirely, squashed in a ball under Sherlock’s left calf.
He practically skipped down the stairs like a bloody lamb, before sternly telling himself to pull it together and letting his attitude roll out in a grin he couldn’t quite keep off his face, as he controlled his pace and strolled back out into the kitchen, where Rosie was still sitting in her pram, looking most unhappy that he had gone right past her without showing her any attention.
Warmth exploded out through John’s chest, the sick churning that had lasted through his own confession entirely replaced by love for the shaking beanpole who was clinging to him, letting his actions show John what he didn’t know how to put in words.
Rosie wailed from her high chair, and John abandoned the wooden spoon to scoop her up, jiggling her against his shoulder as he walked around the kitchen, trying in vain to get her to quieten down.   No use. He was trying to keep macaroni from burning with one hand, soothing the other hand down Rosie’s back, walking back and forth for a total length of two feet so as not to leave the stove, while eavesdropping into the conversation still going in the living room, which had somehow gone from photography chemicals, to blow jobs given in the dark room, to Sherlock quietly reminiscing about something John just
Yeah real smooth John, watch the man patiently teach your daughter the Latin name of butterflies and then aggressively demand to know where his lover is. Good one.
Mrs Hudson and Sherlock were talking in low voices in the kitchen, which stopped abruptly as John’s footsteps clunked down the stairs. Sherlock was slowly eating a scone topped with what looked like cheese and jam, having either demolished the first scroll in seconds, or thrown it out the window. He was, however, blushing nearly as badly as he had been an hour ago, and Mrs Hudson could not have physically looked more pleased or more smug had she tried, superiority rolling off her in waves as she scrubbed enthusiastically at the crumby dishes in the sink.
Iain’s face went softer again, stretching into a cheeky smile as he seized John’s hand and gave it a firm shake, striding toward the door. “Little shit thinks you’re all for girls and that still, and given what with yer daughter, said something about not rocking the boat. I’m leaving for the airport now, won’t see him again. Don’t think I really need to, I left him a message.” He wrapped the Celtic scarf firmly round his neck, just pausing at the door for another moment. He looked directly into John’s face, and spoke quietly.
The same Sherlock who was watching Iain stroll around their kitchen rocking John’s docile child in his arms, stretching up with his impossibly long, bony body to touch the ceiling before slumping against the door frame.
It was barely mumbled loudly enough to be heard, an enormous admission from a tiny voice, coming from the man who was attempting to wrap himself around John as though he was a vine on a trellis. But John heard it.
Mrs Hudson had bundled Rosie into her stroller and a bag of stale bread, taking the small girl and a stuffed giraffe of nearly the same size to Regent’s Park, with the intent of feeding the ducks. Sherlock was off berating the competence and ability of Scotland Yard as a whole, something about toxicologists being about as likely to ingest fatal quantities of prescription medication by mistake as they were to ingest fecal matter, so he was off at the lab, while Lestrade frantically tore through paperwork at his demand. John was reading his novel, and idling wondering whether Rosie would eat carrots if he first put them through the blender and then mixed them with sweet potato.
“Thought you were gay”, John all but sneered, in a particularly filthy comment from Iain on a woman’s anatomy. The wanker simply laughed, batting his eyelids suggestively back at him. “Well you were fuckin' wrong there mate, nothing so fussy.” He gave a lewd wink before continuing on, “I’ll fucking shag anyone with two legs and the working equipment… Not fussed either way, really”.
