She gave them a rakish grin, which faltered slightly when she heard the news. “Thank Christ. When can we see him?”
that we don’t have an Empire any more, right?”
“Go on, then. Tell me.”
“Christ on a bike, Sherlock! Why didn’t you let me know you were coming?!” Violet hissed, as she hauled open the back door to the kitchen. “I’m all for surprise visits, but it’s fucking two in the morning and there’s a bloody snowstorm raging out there!”
“Oh, certainly. I remember the peals of laughter at Hilderbogie
John slid into one of the mis-matched chairs at the table, where a disgruntled-looking Sherlock joined him a moment later. Once Violet had flipped the switch on the kettle, she carelessly discarded her coat on the other end of the table, revealing a figure-hugging dress in an eyewatering shade of pink. It clashed magnificently with her red hair and shoes.
John thought about this while he drank some more whiskey, his burning eyes closed. Did it really matter? Or would it keep him awake at nights, agonising over who Mary had chosen to take to her bed? Whomever she had chosen instead of him. He shook his head angrily at the images.
Violet said nothing for a few seconds, studying his face. At length, she sighed and said: “I did, really. But... I had rather hoped otherwise.”
Mr Brodie looked down at her inquiringly, but if he was expecting more information he was disappointed. He glanced around at the rest of the group, who had all suddenly become rather interested in their surroundings and didn’t meet his gaze.
Patrick was leaning forward on the sofa, his hands knotted as if in prayer in front of his mouth. His eyes were half-shut and he looked almost pained as he listened to the complex, tumbling notes. Next to him, Violet hadn’t moved an inch since the first note.
“So, Mr. Singh-“
Sherlock interrupted the snide remarks in John’s head by groaning sleepily and tightening his arm around John’s waist. John squeezed back without thinking and then grimaced slightly at himself. He still didn’t want to let go.
“I’m not taking them!” Sherlock said firmly. “I’ve got far too much on at the moment. Important cases. And John says that West End musicals are bad for my mental health.”
Her accent was as unusual as the rest of her, veering here and there. There were definite traces of Sherlock’s cut-glass English, but equally there were traces of Scots and possibly Irish, with perhaps a hint of American or Canadian.
“Is it because you want me to
John almost wished he could stay and watch the no doubt amusingly awkward reunion between Mycroft and Mr. Brodie (although, let’s face it Watson, the less you think about the Eulalie incident the better for your mental state). But the blind way in which Patrick swept from the hall troubled him slightly, and he sped up as he passed through the archway that led back out into the snowy churchyard; briefly pausing to grab his heavy waxed jacket from the pile in the cloakroom. The darkness of the quiet yard blinded him momentarily and he blinked repeatedly, willing his eyes to adjust to the lack of light. The lanterns that lined the path had burnt low, and he squinted around himself as he tried to catch sight of where Patrick might have gone. Snow was beginning to slowly flicker through the air once more, and after a glance at the path he decided to follow the freshest looking set of footprints, which led around the side of the hall and towards the oldest part of the churchyard.
He made his way towards the door almost silently, and Violet watched him go with a faintly concerned look on her face. It closed with a click behind him, and she waited for several seconds before leaning towards John.
In the after-math Sherlock gently cleaned Johns’ body, the whole time his face was pulled in amazement. As though he had done something magical. John just smiled at Sherlock with the same look on his face. Fully nude, they lay together by the fire, silent and comforted. Sherlock's fingers gently traced over the teeth marks on John's shoulder, and the flayed skin of his wrist. John sighed in comfort as the anesthesia began to wear off and his other small scars made their presence known. Each ache felt like a point of contact between himself and Sherlock. Each pull of scabbing skin was a miracle, a modern wonder. No god, no heaven could ever compete to this, to this moment, to this soul-deep connection, to this love.
“I want… I know all of that is impossible. I know you wouldn’t be
So, for that, I must thank John. I did not see myself as a man with friends, with companionship or human connections. I thought myself above all that, but like many things in my life, Johns' mere presence has proven me wrong. It’s something he has a knack for, taking my expectations and turning them on their head,” the crowd chuckled, and Sherlock gave John a bright smile. John flushed and grinned back at his husband.
“Good boy.” Sherlock murmured before diving back between Johns' thighs, ravishing the older man with teeth and tongue. John cried out in shock at the jolt Sherlock’s words sent through him. Sherlock chuckled against his skin, causing John to groan.
And after he awoke, John, wonderfully alive John, had come to him. Touched him gently, soothing him, clearing away his tears.
of these days on campus, this stark reminder of the future hurtling towards him faster than a speeding train.
“I hate when you do that.” John choked out thickly, blinking back tears. Sherlock gave him a bittersweet smile.
John roughly pulled Sherlock on top of him, grasping his husband’s shirt. “Please?” he ground out, arching. His body burning, the past reducing to ash, if only for a moment. Sherlock clumsily stripped and situated himself between Johns' legs. When he reached a hand down to stretch John, the soldier frantically grabbed his wrist.
“Yep. And if you want to keep it up, we’re striking a deal, you ‘n me.” Greg replied, stern. The boy pouted, curling in on himself.
God help him, God help him indeed.
“Three if she’s in demand.” Sherlock said in that blank way of his. John and Greg grimaced in disgust.
John shrugged as he hung up his coat, “Most people don’t want to admit that the people they love are betraying them. It’s a hard thing to deal with.” Sherlock rolled his eyes in annoyance and muttered about the frailty of the general population.
“Oi!” Greg snapped, both PC’s turned, still shell shocked, “go get back to work, quit standing around, will ya?” Greg glared and crossed his arms. When neither PC moved, he scowled deeper and took a step forward. This seemed to spur the policewoman into action, and she snapped to attention, dragging her coworker away.
was Victor all over again?” John asked softly. Sherlock just shook his head.
“Yes, violin. I play when I’m thinking and sometimes don’t talk for days on end. Would that bother you? Stringmates and flatemates should know the worst about each other, don’t you think?” then he smiled, but it looked practiced and there was something vulnerable in his eyes that John wanted to jar and keep forever.
, tonguing and sucking on John’s prick. John felt his breath come heavier and heavier, his body twisting before he cried out in a gasp. Sherlock's name on his lips.
“You don’t want him here to help you climb the ranks, do you?” Greg gave a startled chuckle.
“Hey, mate, how you been?” Greg asked, wiping his hands on a napkin before offering it to John. John shook his hand, clapping him warmly on the back and smiling.
“Good?” Sherlock murmured lowly. John breathed out and nodded.
Something in Sherlock's chest twisted as he pictured another artists hands, dark with melanin, larger, less scarred. Decades younger.
sorry. But for god’s sake, don’t use my ill-informed lessons, my own inability to reach out to you as an excuse to close yourself again.”
,” his voice was broken.
“I heard you fall. We’ve not had a case in a few weeks. Your PTSD was bound to manifest at some point.” John just looked at the man in something like fondness as he took a sip of the tea. “My Gran’s recipe.” Sherlock piped up when John looked into the cup in mild surprise. “Honey, from grandfathers hive, though not in this case I’m afraid. I’ve only a touch left from Grandfather’s final harvest; you understand. Chamomile, and a splash of milk. I know it’s a bit sweeter than you prefer but,” Sherlock shrugged, “helps me get back to sleep.”
“What is it?” he asked, his voice low, making John shiver delightfully.
The day of, John found himself standing in front of their bedroom mirror admiring himself in the Oxford Blue suit Sherlock had selected and commissioned. He looked… good.
“What the
Sherlock smirked at him knowingly and stepped forward, presenting John with a small handful of flowers. A small bundle of pure white flowers with what looked to be a sprig of lavender in the center. Sherlock stepped forward and pinned it onto his lapel with gentle hands.
“Why’d you do all this?” John asked as he took up his own cup. Sherlock looked away, flustered almost, and shrugged.
“Lavender,” he murmured, to Johns unspoken question, running a feather-light finger over the sprig, “meaning
“And I fear
That morning, a few hours before the detective left, Mycroft Holmes had stormed into his living room without so much as a how do you do, taken up a seat at John’s chair and glared at his brother.
“Wait a second!”
John smiled to himself as he took the two mugs into the living room, setting one at Sherlock's side table and curling himself around the other in his own armchair. After another moment Sherlock snapped the laptop closed and looked at him, assessing.
“I had horrid night terrors when I was little.” Sherlock started up, his voice low and gentle, meant to calm. “My brother had the room next door. When he heard me, he’d go fetch a wet flannel. He wasn’t always terrible, Mycroft I mean. He’d stay up and trace Latin words on my back until I calmed down.” Sherlock said all this with an underlying vulnerability John had yet to hear from the man.
fuck you
“What?!” John squawked indignantly, flushing at Sherlock’s presumptuousness (
One was from the chains Moriarty had used to bind him all those years ago. The cuff had dug into Johns' wrist, leaving a nearly invisible white line. John was more than happy to be rid of it. The other was the only scar John got while Sherlock was “dead”. John quietly admitted he had been seeing hallucinations of the genius while Sherlock was away. That night the imaginary Sherlock had irritated John while the man was chopping vegetables. After the fake Sherlock had pointed out how Mary Morstan
, the smell of their life together. Their love, their own personal heaven. John gave a half-laugh, half gasp in delight as they writhed by the fire.
“Good morning,” he said, not moving as she traced the scar with small fingers, both amused and heartened by her independent show of curiosity and unwilling to spook her. “Are you hungry?” He asked, assuming it to be the reason for her seeking them out. The little girls face brightened, just slightly, and she nodded, just once, little golden curls flopping in her eyes.
“Why ever not?” Sherlock asked, affronted and John chuckled.
John promised to try, to always protect, to be faithful and patient.
“Sentimental sap.” John choked out around a weepy chuckle. Sherlock's face smoothed out and he smiled in tandem.
“And no one can see me like you.” John agreed with a sad smile. “God help me.” He added with a laugh. Sherlock slowly, hesitantly, reached out a hand, John took his own hand out of his coat pocket, meeting Sherlock halfway. They stood in silence for a moment, the night air ruffling their hair slightly.
“It’ll have to be.” He said, clearing his throat gruffly and blinking back tears.
They had taken up cases again, but now only John got the end say. He hated having that responsibility. Truthfully, he couldn’t tell which of the safe cases would annoy Sherlock and which were going to engage his attention. Though, to be fair to himself, he felt he was getting better at it. The light cases and wedding planning had been enough to keep Sherlock from being a danger to himself or shooting up the wall, so John counted the whole affair as a win.
“Thank me?” Greg asked, lost.
“Stunning.” He heard an all too familiar voice call from their doorway. With a grin, John spun to look at his fiancé but stuttered to halt when he actually caught sight of Sherlock.
“He says, he says, how do I know? Vic, can you believe-“ the junkie looked next to him, then doubled over in giggles again. Greg furrowed his brow and flashed his eyes around. The cell was empty save the man. So, who did the lad think he was talking to?
are you thinking?”
“A grenade, yes.”
“Oh,” Sherlock gasped in wonder, relaxing against John.
John nodded thoughtfully as they continued on chatting over their lunch as he debated how to broach the topic now, four months into planning.
“Well?” he asked as Sherlock hung up.
“You got hurt, badly. Vic got hurt. I couldn’t- I can’t protect you. Just like I couldn’t protect him. Next time… next time could be
“If I don’t care about you then you’re not a target.” Sherlock said stubbornly. John growled lowly, running one hand through his short locks.
“You’re perfect” he breathed against his husbands’ lips.
And fate wanted him to go to fucking Med school. John Watson, with the alcoholic father, disowned, queer sister quickly falling down the same path, and world weary, frequently abused mother.
“Yes, John,” Sherlock said breathlessly, sounding as if they were making love rather than conversing about scaring John’s skin.
” on the application he was filling out. John groaned in annoyance. His mate, Bradly, had chose
And here this kid was, presumably talking to Greg. Who had literally nothing to do with him.
Suddenly he pulled back and began tugging on a great coat and blue scarf, his eyes never leaving John.
“Happy 40th, love.” John murmured with a smile on his face.
It was too much, Sherlock decided,
other than you. I, fucking Christ Sherlock Holmes, I swear to fucking god, I
“Did- did you just get tied to
“Are you gonna be my daddies?” She asked. Sherlock took her hand in his and kissed it, grinning brightly, John felt a smile stretch across his own face. The lines at the corner of his eyes tugged, silver kissed his hair line, he’d aged, he’d lived, he’d suffered, and now his cup overflowed. He remembered a time his father told him he’d never have a family, never been accepted, cherished, desired, or needed. Look at him now, to try and count the people who loved him would be to attempt counting the stars in the sky.
“I know you,” the man said after a long moment of analyzing John, leaning down into his space, seemingly trying to take in every curve, pock mark, and blemish on his face. Memorizing him, tearing him a part. “I know you’re a military doctor just returned home from service, I know you have no close friends to speak of, a brother you disapprove of, a father who drank too much, and…” he trailed off, one hand hesitantly rising, his fingers touching John's face gently. John gasped a little, both jumping and leaning into the touch. A small feather light whisper of finger tips under his eye setting him aflame in the most glorious way, “I know you have eyes like the deepest parts of the ocean, and despite all the wrong choices and my constant doubt of your existence, you stand before me.” He straightened again, flushed, excited, like a puppy trying not to bounce around the feet of its owner.
Suddenly, little John gasped, feeling a tightness in his chest, he watched, entranced, as a blur of red shot out of where his heart lay, then tugged, firmly. John gasped, again, not pained, but overwhelmed, and lurched forward. His feet gathered under him and he was almost pulled onto the patio, where the book Uncle Benji had bought him was laying. Hesitantly, he picked it up, then yelped in shock as he was tugged firmly in another direction. As he got back to where his little soldier men lay in a plastic heap, his feet collapsed under him.
), at the same time Sherlock shifted so he was facing John more completely, his hands steepled under his chin as he appraised his fiancé.
Sherlock would never deserve this man, no matter how much he tried, he would never be worthy of this perfect being. This life saver, this angel, if Sherlock believed in such things. Sherlock felt his heart pang in utter gratitude, all too aware of his unworthiness. John deserved perfection, perfection to compliment himself. Not Sherlock, not an ex-drug addict who was too tall, who was too thin, his nose too large, chin not defined enough.
How much of the arrogance and rudeness was meant to hold the world at bay?
“You’re not…” the man started. Greg furrowed his brow in confusion.
“Would you… ever want to do more? Then that, I mean.” Sherlock asked, shy. John bit his lip, rubbing his forehead against Sherlock's pec as he thought.
“They were an unwelcome intrusion.” Sherlock snipped. John recoiled as if he’d been struck.
Damn the older man, but he was right, he had been right all along. Sherlock had ignored him once, and what had it left him with? A drug addiction, a dead lover, and a handful of wilting flowers stained with his tears.
” and “
“I’ve got rules though,” John said, suddenly serious.
“These are quite good.” Sherlock finally said. He didn’t look at John, but he could bet the man was blushing.
How well did he
“We’ll need to talk about this more.” John said sternly, suddenly.
The cab ride home was awkward, the girl sat stoically between John and Sherlock, silent as the grave. John was honestly a little uneasy with the lack of noise. They stopped at the shops to fetch the girl a few necessities, toothbrush, comb, a pair of pajamas, when John asked if she needed pullups at night, she just silently shook her head. John was unsure if she even knew what pullups were.
They returned late, though it was relatively early for them. Sherlock immediately kissed John upon the lips and departed for a quick shower. “
) friend.
what the napkins look like?”
“Maybe I’d react differently if I didn’t feel exactly the same,” John admitted quietly. After a moment of silence, John expanded, “sometimes, when I’m working on a victim, or fighting, or even when I just say something that spurs god knows what in that amazing mind of yours, god, Sherl. The way you
Johns breath froze, he froze. There it was,
“It’s like someone ripping up a piece of cloth. The pieces are still there, though they don’t fit together.” Sherlock whispered, “the memory is softened by this mutilation, though never fully removed. And worse, there's no guarantee the pieces won't stitch themselves back together, given enough time.”
It had turned out the murders dotting the city were the work of a strange cult which believed the entrance of hell lay deep within the catacombs. Many of their members had already gone missing, presumably left to starve and die after losing themselves within the miles and miles of bones that acted as the groundwork for one of Europe’s greatest cities. The cult had begun sacrificing Parisian citizens who descended from those nameless masses which adorned the catacombs in hopes it would persuade the devil to bequeath them safe passage into hell. (“Why would you even
“Ok,” John said two weeks later, nursing a sprained wrist from a run in with a rather nasty identity thief the week prior. “How about information that you delete? I mean, did you
“Yea, I know. But she needs help, you want to send her home with Donovan? Woman couldn’t even keep a bloody bagel safe, you really want to trust her with a child?” John tried for lighthearted and failed by a mile, his exhaustion wearing on him. Finally, Sherlock grunted and sagged in defeat.
“If you want to speak, it’s ok,” John tried, using his soothing bedside manner voice, “we won’t be upset if you do. In fact, we’d be very pleased if you could speak to us and answer a few questions.” The girls face morphed into one of doubt and disbelief, her small face turned down in a moue that broke John's heart.
There had been no patience for tears and misery (
.” Sherlock sniped, sneering at the man. He didn’t look at John, his resolve would snap if it did. John didn’t say anything, just turned and went back into Sherlock's room. A moment later he came out, frantic and angry.
“So are we. Who would understand what she’s lived through better than us?” Sherlock whispered, grasping one of John’s hands between his own. “We could, if you wanted, you know. I don’t know the first thing either but if you want… we can make it work.” John just gapped.
“I like it,” the detective decided, “it’s fitting. For, you’ll always come first for me, you know that, right?” he suddenly seemed timid, as though his admission would be unwelcome. John felt his breath taken away and he smiled shakily.
“He got hurt. Like Vic, and I couldn’t do anything. I should have listened to you.” Sherlock admitted quietly, not meeting his brothers’ eye. The mans face broke for a moment, hopeless.
“Very well then,” Sherlock cut in, “If you can’t speak verbally, will you answer with nods?” the girl nodded readily. John’s eyebrows rose and he looked at Sherlock who looked rather relieved but was still analyzing her tensely.
, I am not a humble man, but I am humbled by your love, and filled with gratitude in the face of it, my John…” Sherlock paused, his breath catching in his throat.
leave. You’re a fool not to. I just admitted to wanted to hurt you, to make you bleed, to cut your very skin from your body!”
“He’s a great kid, I just don’t think he knows it. He’s gonna help a lot of people, if he can just keep his nose clean.”
The string lay dormant for more than a decade, until John was 16. On that particular day, John tried to laugh with his rugby team as he slowly ate the small, dry sandwich that served as his lunch (
How afraid was he of loss?
As the food concluded Sherlock stood, to John’s confusion. He gave John a crooked smile, nervous but joyful, before turning to address their small crowd.
“And what, pray tell, am I supposed to read her?” John sighed in exasperation as they moved into the living room, wondering why he picked such a difficult partner.
“Ok,” the detective finally said, “ok. So… let's compromise? That, I know, is what couples do, yes?” John sat back in his chair with a smile.
.” John was fighting tears now. Sherlock didn’t look at him.
“I did. I was just telling Mike this morning how difficult it must be to find me a flatmate, now here he is just after lunch with an old friend. Clearly just home from military service. Logical conclusion, you need a flatshare.” The man, far too pleased with himself, buttoned his suit jacket and rolled his shoulders. "Now, I've got my eye on a nice little place in central London, together we ought to be able to afford it."
“I love you too.” Sherlock murmured against his cheek, kissing him sweetly. John could almost see Sherlock thinking.
“Honestly, I’m surprised it worked at all,” Sherlock admitted, grinning at his husband mischievously. After another second, they both dissolved into giggles.
” sigh and John could see his mass of curls shaking in the dim light.
second of it. Honestly, the first time around, ok, whatever. I had a wife, she cared about the dresses and the flowers and all that other shite. I dunno why I thought it’d be different with a bloke. Honestly, Myc is so reserved I think a part of me thought we’d just quietly do the whole civil partnership thing, you know? Just, go on down to the courthouse and have it be done, exchange the rings, run off for a week to somewhere secluded and go at it like rabbits, change our names, call it good.”
should bloody well get a say?” John hissed.
They fell back asleep wrapped in each other, safe in Baker Street, guarded against the horrors of the outside world by warm arms and warmer hearts.
“I’m not with you because I want normality, darling. I’m with you because you’re the most fantastic person on earth.” Sherlock flushed, a small pleased smile on his face at this admission.
) and ask his opinion, John would mentally scramble for an answer and resist the urge to dash from the flat.
“We did good today.” John said, not sure if he was trying to convince Sherlock or himself. It was the same tone of voice he’d used with younger medics on the battlefield. Covered in blood and debris, they’d look at him in bewilderment, opening their mouths to point out the two civilian families they couldn’t reach in time and their comrade covered in third degree burns being air lifted to a hospital. He’d say it again, more firmly “
at anyone before now. He didn’t risk pointing this out to Sherlock for fear of being overheard, and the detective seemed rapt with concentration.
Violet watched them for a moment; then swallowed hard, seeming to shake herself a little. Her pink heels tapped sharply as she led the way into the adjoining room. She had determinedly avoided looking at the wheeled wooden platform where Sandra had died, but when John looked for it and the narrow bench both were gleaming and clean. He saw Mr. McCreedy industriously washing the windows at the other end of the room, and he tipped his cap grimly at John as they caught each other’s gaze.
“Always the tone of surprise.” John said drily, and peered into the increasing gloom of the tree-ringed village green. “Come on, lets see where they go while there’s still a bit of light left.”
“Want to come with us, Vi?” John asked.
“Where is she, anyway?” John asked curiously. He had expected to find Violet waiting for them on the steps, beaming with anticipation. Clearly someone was home; after all the fire had been lit for some time and there were one or two lamps lit in the darkest corners of the huge hall.
“She’s right.” Anthea agreed, as she joined them. “Miss Vernet, if I may have the maps?”
Violet threw another split second scowl at him while Menzies buttoned up his coat, then directed one last dazzling smile at him. “It’s just so kind of you to let the boys help, Chief Inspector. It’ll give them something to do, you know. It means a lot, you see – it makes them feel
“Just making conversation. Lucky dog. Lucky
Patrick sat on Violet’s right, and he laid a gentle hand on her arm to catch her attention. Violet smiled at him, touching his hand as she turned to him. John didn’t hear what Patrick murmured in Violet’s ear, but his careful hand above her wrist made it clear that he had noticed the abrasions hidden beneath her ostentatious jewels.
The detective raised an eyebrow. He heaved a long-suffering sigh.
“But as long as well all know our kin here, we can trust that our secrets are safe. You have all been given a copy of our plans; you all ken well your parts. It is time to reclaim this city as our own, my brethren! Our enemies have become complacent this last three years. They think that our clan can be trifled with, that they can continue to beat us down. But this year, this night; we take back auld reekie for she is rightfully ours!”
Sherlock wriggled onto his own side, facing away from John. “I’m not used to touching other people while I sleep,” he muttered, burrowing into one of the huge number of feather pillows.
“What do you mean?” John asked, after a few seconds bewilderment.
John’s eyes came to rest on Mycroft in the rear view mirror. His face was stony, but he inhaled deeply at Patrick’s name.
George gave them both a filthy look and refilled his glass again. His face was even more impressively bruised than the day before, mottled a sickly yellow and plum across the bridge of his nose. John was pleased to see that his left eye seemed to be blackening nicely too.
“It was the best idea.” Sherlock agreed unexpectedly, holding out his cup for a refill of tea. “It was only a matter of approximately twelve seconds, but she would probably have been pulled under before I got to you. It made all the difference that you managed to hold her above the water until then.”
“Oh, a well-turned ankle.” sighed Mr. Mackie nostalgically. “Sadly it was attached to a dark eyed lady who took off with a sharply dressed bookie from Dundee, less than a year after I left the sea for her. We fought like hammer and bloody tongs but it was more than worth it in the evenings, if you get my meaning,” he winked theatrically at them both and gave them a knowing grin.
Violet pushed him back down again affectionately. “No, you and John wouldn’t have a clue where to find the right outhouse in the dark.” she poked Sherlock in the side with the toe of her cobalt blue suede shoe. “Alright you rotten git; how about this: you fetch some more firewood and I promise I’ll make you some honey cake tomorrow.”
John sighed and nodded after a moment. At least he wouldn’t be expected to dance; it wasn’t as if he even knew any of the steps.
Sadly, the owners of this garden had decided to install a small pond and water feature. John and Sherlock landed in it with a loud splash and froze, listening hard.
“They seem to think it’ll be another few days, although I hear the others will probably be sent home later today. It’s…” the minister paused and sighed, his face clouding. “I’m afraid that it’s the alcohol, you see. I think the others just had the one drink; but poor Alice must have had a few before the poisoned bottle of tonic was opened. Apparently large amounts of alcohol can intensify the effects of the atropine; or at least that’s what I understand. She’s only a slight creature, as well – it hit her very hard.”
“You don’t mind this?” she asked curiously, unable to help herself.
“Right. Look, I know you don’t like Violet. And I know you don’t want Sherlock to spend any time with her. You think she’s a bad influence on him, correct?”
“Did he know you’d seen him?”
“John, why are you doing that?” Sherlock asked, perplexed, when he emerged from George’s room to find John looking pale and distracted, biting the knuckles of his left hand in horror.
“No, I’m afraid not.” Sherlock watched her face fall slightly, and with a faint shock heard himself say: “But I expect it won’t take long to learn.”
. Hundreds of years old.
John didn’t reply. He stared out into the shadowy depths of the valley and straightened up, checking the straps on his backpack. “We’ve got to keep looking.”
“Please come and stay with us in London whenever you’re feeling particularly pensive,” John said hopefully.
And it was hardly the time for some kind of half-baked heterosexual crisis, he realised. He had already known for a long time that what existed between him and Sherlock was far more intense than any other friendship he had known. Within hours of meeting the man, his life had been hijacked, turned upside down and changed completely. John had felt positively drunk for days after meeting him, and it wasn’t just from running around London, chasing criminals and leaping between rooftops. It was this man, this bizarre extraordinary fascinating character. This man, who had looked back at John in that lab and had evidently thought:
] after the conversation with Violet that evening; how unutterably welcome it had been to sink into the mattress with John at his side. He had barely been aware of speaking aloud as he burrowed into the massive pillows.
“And you make the mistake of thinking that that
He knew that John liked the fact that Sherlock prevented him from sliding into a life that was too ordinary. John
“Well, I should think I did him a favour then, surely – kicking him out?” Violet challenged. “He hardly needed to come back and rig the knife if he had a perfectly valid reason to leave in a hurry. He should have bloody thanked me on the way out rather than shout abuse at us all.”
“It was bloody amazing. I loved it. But, er- we didn’t take care of you…” John murmured, stepping a little closer. They were at the scene of a double homicide, so the timing wasn’t ideal; but Lestrade was busy staring at a corpse and nobody seemed to notice their exchange.
“When the two of you are
[Yes, but you can wash yourself afterwards, once I’ve found you and got you home.
. She knows. She knows just how much this hurts. He did it to her and now she’s choosing to do it to someone else. This is so incredibly fucked up and I’ve no idea what the alternative is. Oh god, if only Sherlock was here. He’d know what to do! He wouldn’t want this, he wouldn’t want her to do this for him…)
Violet laughed again, coming to lean against John’s shoulder as they lounged against the counter top. “You’re tremendously helpful, you ridiculous carbuncle. Go get us some wine, since you’re in the mood for being useful.”
“She- I learnt things while I was here. They were important. Things about-“ he swallowed hard. “Christ, John. I wish you were with me.”
John frowned, watching Violet as her face became stony. She didn’t seem inclined to answer, her small pointed chin jutting out a little mulishly. What on earth could this have to do with anything? The previous afternoon, Violet had told him the rather harrowing tale of her teenage years, up until she arrived in Aberdeenshire. He didn’t have a particularly clear idea of what she had been doing besides teaching and working quietly as an archivist in Edinburgh since then, though. He began to feel rather uncomfortable, a little anxious at the idea of yet more unpleasant bombshells to come.
“You could take a gap year in Columbia when you’re slightly older,” Sherlock advised the girls. “I think you’d find it a rewarding experience.”
With a poor grace, Sherlock elbowed his way into the line, next to John and facing a furiously blushing Pheemy Antonelli. John glanced nervously up and down the line, which formed a long corridor from the top to the bottom of the hall. The dancers all seemed to be limbering up slightly, rolling their shoulders and flexing their calves before the first note was struck.
Sherlock sniffed disdainfully, pulled John’s plate towards himself and muttered:
She half laughed, and held out her arms. John felt no hesitation in walking into them and wrapping his own around her tightly. How was this possible? He had only met her the previous morning. Her hair was soft and smelt like spices, her ample curves were firm and warm against his body. He hadn’t realised how much he had just needed a hug. “Why is it, exactly, that I feel I’ve known you for years?” he murmured softly.
John stared at Sherlock, utterly bewildered. What on earth was this all about? Sherlock had buried his face in his hands, and looked as if he had retreated utterly from the conversation. His shoulders were rigid and his posture indicated complete and total frustration. Could this possibly be the truth?
(Oh, fuck it.)
trying to turn her into a Sherlock mini-me?” John asked quietly, as they made their way down the snowy steps.
“Yes, um. Not my finest hour.” He said bashfully, tracing the pattern of the carpet in front of the fireplace with the toe of his shoe. “I didn’t realise that anyone would come and tidy our room. And, well… you’d just been kissing me and I was thinking about this morning… and um. This evening. And your schedule. And well, the bathroom door wasn’t properly closed and she was in here tidying up.”
“It doesn’t get any easier, watching you throw yourself into danger like that.” he murmured quietly. “Shut up; I know that this is the life we lead. I know that it’s not going to stop happening. It’s just… difficult to watch. Makes me a bit sick, to be honest.”
“Pruny, shush!”
[There’s nothing here! I’ve got to go and find something to shelter under, don’t I?]
“Violet, where the
“Sherlock, do run along. I will speak to you later.” Mycroft said quietly, turning and reaching out for the plates and cutlery on the table. Patrick automatically went to help him, picking up crumpled linen napkins and the salt cellar.
“It certainly was, but it sped up drying my clothes. It let a bit more air circulate, and that gets warmed by your body and then-“
Sherlock cast an incredulous look at John, distracted. “George? No, of course George didn’t put the knife there, John. Don’t be idiotic.”
John gazed at her beautiful bland poker face. He tried to read her expression and failed utterly.
in me.”
“How about the other students? What did they make of Sandra?”
. Silly twit.” She laughed fondly. “The woman didn’t like me much, but when she discovered that the boy ate everything I put in front of him she was on the phone begging me to invite him for the holidays.”
The first time, John had to admit, was a bit of a disaster.
John patted her on the shoulder in a commiserating fashion, and took a seat next to her. “Apparently Sherlock witnessed the whole thing. That’s what drove him out of the hall and into the church yard.”
“Oh, god! John! Your poor face!” she snorted loudly, and hiccupped before grasping his hand. “Have you been agonising over that all day?”
John moved a few inches back, just enough so that he could press his hand to Sherlock’s clammy cheek. He nodded, understanding at once. “I swear, it’s me. Not mind palace me. I promise, Sherlock. I’m actually here.”
John’s voice was quiet and measured.
Sherlock hummed vaguely, and turned to the high wide bookshelves that lined the walls on either side of the fireplace. It wasn’t a large room, and it began to warm up quickly from the newly lit fire. John spied their bags beside the bed, and bent to retrieve the large and now slightly battered paper bag which contained Violet’s requested tea and chocolate.
common knowledge that Sandra had murdered him. Phyllis stared at Sherlock, aghast; her eyes filling with tears. Katy reached out quickly and covered Phyllis’s hand with her own, throwing an irritated look at the detective.
“Oh.” said the twins, disappointedly and in unison.
Sherrinford reclined on an ornate wrought-iron bench, dressed as impeccably as ever. His green paisley cravat was tied to an aching level of perfection that belied Violet’s influence, although she was nowhere to be seen. He was on his second glass of pernod, the milky liquid glinting in the late sun. His mother sat bolt upright at his side, staring out over the empty lawns and scanning the windows and doors of the house. She was yet to touch the glass at her side, and her small elegant hands slowly tangled and teased at the heavy strands of pearls at her neck. Her husband was lost in a book on the wildlife of Borneo, occasionally losing his place as he was forced to give in to sporadic coughing fits.
you, but I couldn’t…”
If we carry that analysis forwards, then we may conclude that out of the 8,538,689 people living in London, only 160 of them are carrying the Omegaverse gene.
Struggling to put on his shirt, John set the mobile down for a second.
Per the story, there are only approximately 100 registered Alphas / Omegas in London. If we use the extremely conservative ratio seen above wherein we assume that the one hundred Omegaverse individuals are probably over 30 years old, we can assume that there are at least another 60 latents that just are not old enough to have presented yet.
Sherlock affixed the young man with a stare that, given the right amount of exposure, would most likely be deemed illegal in several small countries. His efforts ultimately went unnoticed though, as the the agent loudly rummaged through the crisper and pulled out one single apple, crunching merrily into its skin with a groan of delight, and shuffled back out of the kitchen completely unaware of the world around him.
*That is what I thought it meant when I first read the title, but in the context of this fic that would mean either:
“While you were off interrogating Harlan at the detention centre, I did some digging of my own. Harlan is actually 21 not 27. He was 16 when the two of them presented; they needed a place to live, but without a guarantor you need to be 18 years old to sign a lease. Harlan lied about his age to help them get a flat. Do you remember how she reacted when she first scented me? She was so afraid, she practically backed herself into the corner. Now, what does that behaviour suggest?”
John roared, tags rattling against his chest as Sherlock exploded hot and wet inside him. It was only a brief moment later that his own cock began to spasm, pulse after pulse of come spraying violently across the floor beneath them.
The young man in the suit stared at John throughout the entire ordeal, offering no help but blatantly ogling his exposed groin until John shot him a look that sent him scurrying for the hallway in alarm. After that, John pulled up his denims and pocketed the megestrol acetate once more. He didn’t bother with pants.
“You have Sherlock?” John almost talked over her outright, his impatience and need for good news finally outweighing English propriety. He had hope, though he knew it was a dangerous thing - a useless emotion that Sherlock had probably deleted long ago.
John smiled and nodded placidly, knowing Sherlock was only looking for attention. It was two days into their mini-break holiday, and the man was fidgeting on the bed, having already depilated four 3x3 centimeter squares of John’s leg hair to correlate re-growth time with the different hair removal methods. Why he couldn’t have done his own legs was never adequately explained. How, John
dead. Molly probably has his brain in a jar by now. You need to snap out of this.”
John boldly walked up behind Sherlock, hoping against hope they wouldn’t have to resort to more desperate measures, and pressed his body flush against his. He felt Sherlock’s muscles vibrating with tension, and at this proximity the ‘volume’ of his distress was emotionally deafening. With careful fingers he reached up and began to stroke gently through Sherlock’s hair, the other arm wrapping protectively against his waist.
I think I figured out the title - thanks wikipedia!
It was starting –what he dreaded the most about this process. Already, things were breaking off and crumbling and giving way to a quiet cacophony of little cracks shooting through the foundation of the life they’d built together –a strong life full of strong people and laughter and maniacy and adrenalin and things that are never said but always, always felt. And they were losing it.
He composed the message and cringed ever so slightly, nervous for no real reason he could think of, and pressed send.
, John thought, frowning down at his mobile,
“You alright there mate?” Timothy peered over the glass partition, eyebrows raised in concern as he parked the car next to a nondescript house on the corner of a dimly lit street. He was a rather friendly looking man, with a wide mouth and kind eyes. With John’s sense of smell increased, he could tell Timothy was an Omega, and then he wondered if that was on purpose or not. With the Holmes brothers, you never knew.
Somewhere along the line sex turned into nothing more than a way to pay for my next hit - SH
, he thought, with unbridled satisfaction. Let him meet with Lisa and Chesney, let him carry on as if nothing had happened, as if John wasn’t forced to leave to protect his friend and the most important relationship in his life. It was
With that, Chesney’s voice finally cracked, and all John could hear were harsh sobs and the distant sound of approaching sirens. Somewhere in the din, he heard Chesney whispering to himself, or maybe to Lisa, that everything was going to be okay, that he was there and it would be fine, and
along the floor.
Less than 20 seconds later Mycroft responded
“Fuck!” He needed to be able to
Wait.
He knew he was in trouble, he knew Andrew was physically stronger than he was, and he knew he needed to get this man off of him or he wouldn’t be walking away from this alive. In a burst of adrenaline and necessity, John managed to jam the thumb of his free hand into the socket of Andrew’s right eye, feeling the firm tissue give just slightly before collapsing beneath his thumbnail in a burst of warm serosanguinous fluid.
The mobile signal broke a bit, ambient noise and Chesney’s sniffing sounding unusually loud now that John could hear almost everything coming through the microphone. The door to John’s room finally opened, revealing two suited men, tired but alert, and obviously gobsmacked at finding John quite awake and standing absolutely starkers in the middle of his room. He allowed himself a split second of indulgent satisfaction as he looked at their faces. John Watson was not a shy man, now they knew why.
“But Harlan, h-he was always there for me. He once told me that he would do anything, suffer
sorry Doctor Wa… John.  Of course, I had no way of knowing - there was never any way I could have predicted -”
. Sometimes they offered him water, sometimes food, sometimes they held his head and massaged his throat as he gasped and choked down even more sweet, saccharine pills.
“Contrary to your opinion, John, I'm not actually inexperienced, and unprepared anal sex is agonizing.”
and back home where he belonged.
Mycroft appeared pleased as he stepped out of the car, brolly tapping ominously on the pavement. “Just something to think about. Goodnight, Dr Watson.”
“You deceptive piece of shit, Terry.” She smirked.
“Tell him good luck on finding the boss-man, but it's really a lost cause. No one’s ever found him.” Chesney said as he threw a biscuit into the air and caught it in his mouth. “Don’t even know what the sod looks like. Hell, even Harlan couldn’t get any inf—“
The mobile vibrated in his sweaty palm.
“Oh God, Sherlock. Let me, let me see...your shirt, you’re bleeding.”
“Yes, I think so, but a - a
DAY 5 - Wednesday December 25, 2013
“Sherlock…please, love…I need it…do it now…
Sherlock’s gaze faltered and he twirled away from John with a groan almost bordering on disgust.
“Anagrams, right,” he muttered, eventually moving his attention to an unadorned dresser tucked up against the far wall. John rifled through the drawers one by one, holding the mobile against his cheek with his good shoulder until he found a pair of familiar, worn blue jeans and a checked shirt. Apparently, Mycroft had instructed one of the agents to eschew his privacy completely and carefully unpack John’s clothes. He was not surprised in the least. “But
John and Terry struggle and fall in the Thames
“The original investigator assigned to Lisa’s case strongly suspected a Mr Rexfield Barcroft to be the perpetrator but he was never able to prove it. Apparently Rexfield was ‘well connected’ even then.”
“That is why it is only in the case of emergency,” Mycroft repeated, his voice as unctuous as ever.
“Check the bureau,” Sherlock intoned, a limp hand gesturing towards the polished antique set against the wall.
When we increase the distance to fifty miles, this covers an enormous amount of real estate...
“He never stopped helping her, did he?”
wanted after all. Then, if Sherlock decided he wanted to remain only friends after all, they could have that conversation - after John had a fighting chance of assuaging his doubts and stating his case.
The story also makes it clear that there is more between them than just the alpha/ omega hormones, i.e.,
change their relationship?
“Which is sort of weird, because kissing doesn’t actually exist in the Alpha-Omega realm.” He explained. “Kissing is not instinctual. It’s…purely human.”
John only smiled, pushing away the horrible revelation of their conversation and thinking only of his love for the infuriatingly, impossibly, wonderfully
“I don’t understand, what do you mean it was supposed to be over?” John ran a rough hand over his face, suddenly realizing how bloody exhausted he was as he stumbled across the room.
“It’s the only logical explanation.” Sherlock waved his hands in an arc, tenting his fingers for one brief moment on the soft dip of his lower lip. “When she first came to Baker Street she showed signs of a recent injury, traces of adhesive from a plaster on her forehead, slight stiffness in her right hip and left arm indicative of involvement in a struggle no more than three but closer to two weeks prior. That is consistent with the timing of her alleged death.”
“Now.” Sherlock hissed, his eyes closing tight in pleasure as his pace picked up, every thrust rubbing against Johns’ prick perfectly, “god John,
“Right.” John said after a moment, “right. I’m off.” He said, gruffly taking up his coat. As he reached the door Sherlock couldn’t keep himself from speaking up.
As if reading his mind both Holmes brothers eyes flashed up to him. He froze for a moment, feeling a bit like a mouse waiting for a cat to pounce. After a long moment of analyzing him head to toe, the brothers moved simultaneously. God, that was creepy, as much as the brothers argued and bickered, they both stayed in perfect sync. They often moved so similarly, so seamlessly, that it gave John the shivers. Mycroft shifted his gaze back to the two swatches in his hand (Gunmetal
Sherlock traced his fingers over a small scar on Johns' bicep, “I want to excise your scars, I want to cut them from you very skin, so that when they heal, they’ll belong to me. Every mark, every wound old and new, every blemish, every scar will be
. You make me feel like I’m… like I’m perfect. Just perfection incarnate. I’m 10ft tall and the picture of masculinity in your eyes. And somedays I want to keep it. I want to bottle those moments, every time your eyes turn away, I want to force them back to me. I know what you’re feeling. I don’t fault you for it. Maybe it’s not the healthiest, but it’s understandable. It’s
“Look, I don’t know him much, and I don’t know you, but I know the kids got a great mind. I imagine it’s bursting at the seams, yea? Not enough space in his head to keep it contained, it’s hard to keep people like that on the straight and narrow. But tell ‘im… tell him as long as he manages it, he’s got a place here. Sod the rules, I’ll find a way around it.” Mycroft looked dumb struck.
him. Whether John wanted to admit it or not, he had already suffered for Sherlock’s affections.
“Yes John, even above the Work. If there are times it doesn’t seem like it, remember that. You will
Why, of all fucking people, did it have to be
“Afghanistan or Iraq?” the man murmured, lifting a hand, pressing warm fingers into John's chest, where his string connected. Distantly, John heard Mike gasp quietly.
Sherlock, after a moment of processing, pulled John in so tightly John felt his bones creak before laying his head on the older man’s chest. “You’re a bloody fool.” Sherlock sniffled. John smiled at the ceiling, running his fingers through Sherlock's hair.
The cult had found a sort of makeshift room set off of one side of a corridor to perform their rituals in. There were perhaps half a dozen members left, all dressed in white linen robes without hoods. They were currently performing some kind of blood rite, cutting the hands and wrists of a select few and bleeding them into a large stone bowl set in the center of the room. John’s inner doctor cringed when he looked at the knife, a long, sharp, dagger riddled with rust and clearly as old as the walls that surrounded it.
“You’ve wanted it for a while. I just didn’t really think about it, and I think you didn’t either.” Sherlock shrugged. John groaned, laying his head on Sherlock’s chest, and shaking his head.
“One time,” Sherlock grumbled in annoyance and John kept on as if he hadn’t spoken.
They felt alive. They felt supernovas and suns exploding in their chest as they looked at each other, as they looked at their friends, as they looked at the rings on their fingers, now infinitely heavier for the significance they carried. Everything in the world felt right, perfect.
Finally, Sherlock found his way between Johns' thighs. “Lift your legs.” He commanded, gentle and firm all at once. His commands came with no threat, no consequences. John was free to obey if and how he so chose. Free to put a stop to all of this, as gentle as it was, at any moment. And for this reason, John lifted and parted his thighs, baring himself to Sherlock's gaze and touch.
) The wedding had been perfect,
them sometimes. Some nights Moran’s hands gripped his hips, Moran’s weight and heat settled over his body, pressing him down, pressing into him. Moriarity's voice and fingers still grasping his hair, whispering across his skin, wrapping itself around his soul. Some nights he still awoke, afraid, reaching for Sherlock, like a child scared of a thunderstorm.
Paris was something wonderful, a city of light and bustling people that somehow still felt slower and calmer than London. A truly glorious triumph of western society. John found himself in awe at the beauty that surrounded him. And just as awed, though far more apprehensive, at what lay below his feet. For, but a few meters of modern concrete and land filled the space between him and the resting place of millions of poor souls.
to them. This one…” Sherlock sighed dreamily and traced long fingers over the identical scars running under Johns pecs.
) before his eyes snapped open in delight.
“All progress is built on the backs of the dead. Paris is just a little more honest about it.” He leaned into John.
“It’s amazing what’s right below us,” John replied. Sherlock shrugged.
) a fitted waistcoat just a shade darker than the actual suit, and a white shirt, customarily undone. There was a small sprig of bluebells and a few individual light blue Hydrangeas wrapped together and pinned into the lapel. The whole ensemble was so tightly fitted that John could see the fabric strain as Sherlock took a deep breath. He found himself unable to speak, only gaping at the man he was meant to marry.
“That-“ the doctor choked out, “is utter horse shit. And when you fucking figure that out, you can call me. You’re only alone because you
“No,” Greg said, slow, like he’s talking to an obstinate child, which isn’t that far off, “I bloody well expect two men, who I know to be trustworthy, to give a victim shelter for a night or two so we can buy more time to track down the people who have been TRYING TO BLOODY SELL HER!” Greg finally yelled. Tensions were running high; John could cut the air with a knife as the two men stared each other down.
, John. They could do this again, they could
John sighed in relief, “Honestly, I’d be just as happy doing that, and I think Sherlock would too. I can’t tell if he’s doing all this because he
“Do I gets to stay wiff you now?” She asked, face suddenly lighting up in excitement. John grinned at her enthusiasm.
About the people he'd watch die, about the warzone he would have to survive. It scared him, terrified him really. He had enough violence at home, didn’t he? How could fate expect him to take on more for someone he hadn’t even met yet? No matter they were supposed to be John’s perfect match.
“Ah, yea, can I help you?” Greg asked, tugging at his shirt a little. The strange, sharp man smiled a little, a tight thing that looked out of place on a face seemingly made of wax and porcelain edges.
” he huffed good-naturedly.
John led
make these kinds of decisions alone anymore, ok? I know the risks, Sherlock. Moreover, I
“I didn’t-“ Sherlock hissed, cut himself off, looked at Rose who was looking back and forth between Donovan and Sherlock with wide eyes. Sherlock took a breath and visually relaxed his stance, “we asked her name and she pointed to a book with a rose on the cover. We didn’t just “
“Thank you.” John murmured as they came to a halt at Sherlock's direction. They held each other tightly as the tune drifted away, clearly unfinished, and all the more beautiful for it.
to bloody happen anymore. It wasn’t! He was
“Only if you want to, but yes, that’s the plan.” She squealed in delight and threw her arms around his neck. John wrapped his arms around her small frame and stood, face buried in her curls. She smelled like baby shampoo and faintly of Sherlock’s cologne from where he’d swept her into a hug and tucked her against his side on the car ride. John suddenly felt Sherlock’s palm on his back, and he reached out blindly, pulling Sherlock into the hug. His face was wet with tears and his throat felt clogged, he heard Sherlock try to sniffle discreetly and knew he felt the same.
John was so busy daydreaming about graduation that he almost didn’t recognize the pull until his feet stumbled to a stop without his consent. Thoroughly annoyed, John swung his head around. Then his heart froze in fear. There was a little office set into the building across the street from him, his string pointing insistently to the door. “
“Alright then,” John gave her a smile, reaching out to tuck the errant curl behind her ear, which she allowed after a slight twitch, confused eyes following his hand until she realized what he was doing. He remembered that kind of flinching from his own childhood and tried to not let his face fall.
“It’s for your eyes.” Sherlock said, quietly, but matter-of-factly.
thought I was giving you what you wanted.” Sherlock corrected matter of factly.
Then someone called his name. Frustrated, but unwilling to be rude, he turned to see a portly man with small eyes. The string pointed straight at him, and not for the first time, John realized once the man said his name.
“Take your gun.” He ordered. John froze, half out the door, his back to the detective.
of delight. Save for Mycroft, who looked just as uncomfortable as his little brother with the display.
“Thank you, John.” Sherlock sniffled, relaxing into Johns' arms. Finally finding rest.
The thought was a good one. John rested easy, knowing his strange guardian was just down the stairs.
“I don’t know.” her friend replied, staring after Miss Argyle. “I reckoned my Fraser was making it up when he told me some of the things she said in class, but now I’m not so sure. Imagine calling poor Mr. Antonelli such a thing!”
“Fridge door just opened.” Sherlock muttered. “He’s getting some supper. Come along, Miss Antonelli; John is right in this instance, regrettably.”
John gaped a little. “He’s a grown man, Mycroft! I’m not his minder. I’m his-“
Christ, what must have been going through Sherlock’s mind as he was hauled away? Drugged and helpless and faced with the prospect of being shipped back to Armenia?
“And that’s the highest praise that you’re ever going to get from this one.” John said, clapping Sherlock on the back. The twins seemed to be making an effort not to preen, maintaining an exaggeratedly casual demeanour.
“Deciding how to overthrow the British government.”
“They don’t know, do they?”
John craned his neck, trying to imagine what would be visible from the north corner. The tear was reasonably small and he didn’t think that it would allow Jameson to get a good view in many directions. On one side a blank wall covered in snow-dusted ivy stretched for several feet. A few shuttered businesses and houses stretched on the other side; but he didn’t think that the angle would have allowed anyone to see beyond the windowsills. The war memorial that Sherlock was leaning against obscured much of the south side of the square. Almost all of it, in fact, except the extreme opposite corner. The corner that Antonelli’s grocery took up.
“Sherlock! Murdy! Are you there?!” he shouted, as loudly as possible. “Sherlock! I’m on the jetty!”
Sherlock appeared to be grinding his teeth. He marched into the ward without another word, leaving John desperately trying to suppress a grin.
He smiled and greeted Violet with an armful of pink and orange roses tied with white velvet ribbon, dropping an expensive looking leather valise on the floor. “Violet, do forgive me. I tried to ring you, but I… I just couldn’t get through. I hope you don’t mind such a late arrival.”
He thought about meeting Martha Hudson for the first time, her nervous, determined face as she took a seat opposite him in a dingy café. The heavy yellow gold ring on her thin little hand and the expertly applied makeup beneath her left eye. She had carried a pale green leather handbag that matched her sandals, stuffed full of financial records and her own notes about the activities of Henry Hudson. She had closed the catch of her empty bag with a snap and pushed them all towards Sherlock, before reaching for her teacup with a shaking hand.
“What? How did you know I was here?” John’s hip ached as Sherlock levered him to his feet. Psychosomatic be damned, it still hurt like hell.
“It was one of her chief pleasures in life, towards the end.” Sherlock agreed, affably. John could see him inhaling deeply. “It would have been a shame to take it away from her.”
“You’re not having one, Sherlock. You’ve been off them for ages and you’ll just be cross if you start again.” he said firmly.
Sherlock sat up a little straighter, and took a quick sip of his coffee. “So. I think it’s safe to conclude that Freddie Garcia did not have anything to do with the knife being driven through the bench. Given that the class were working from still life in the studio on Thursday afternoon, he would have been dead by the time the knife was rigged.”
The response was lost as he sank deeper into the dark, treacle-thick stupor. A small, persistent part of him continued to struggle against the rolling narcotic fog but it was weakening steadily. [John.
John glared at Sherlock, who looked back at him with an expression of determined innocence.
“The rabbits, John! Why the
John wasn’t sure how long the piece lasted, but it ended with a ringing silence. Sherlock lowered his bow slowly, his chest gently heaving from the exertion, and gave a slight, mocking bow. He abruptly lowered himself to the hearthrug and leaned against John’s chair in a decidedly casual manner.
John smiled at Sherlock and covered his hand with his own. Sherlock seemed to relax a little and his face uncreased a bit. “Of course I do, you nit. And bloody well done for arranging for her to lay off poor Phyllis.”
“Narek, this is not the time. Stop fucking around; I said you could amuse yourself with him later.”
He swallowed hard and found himself gripping Sherlock’s sleeve tightly. He hadn’t consciously reached out for him. Sherlock looked down at him curiously, a faintly worried frown on his face.
He closed his eyes, and let out a long breath. After a long moment, he let his grip on the knife loosen. His hand ached as he let Violet take it from him, feeling the blood rush back in to the indentations it had left on his palm. She handed it wordlessly to Anthea, who was standing motionless by the sink. He felt the pressure of Violet’s hands on his shoulders, pulling him firmly back and away from Mary who was trembling violently, curling in on herself as much as her bonds would allow.
DAY 6 - Thursday December 26, 2013
“This is your first isn’t it? The first is always the hardest, and strongest.” Timothy cut the engine, turned off the headlamps, and leant one elbow over the partition, facing John fully. “If you don’t mind my asking, where’s your Alpha?”
"How long did you know him?" John asked around the memory of Terry's gun and Lisa's wild crack-shots firing into the night. She had to have been somewhat trained to be that familiar with the anatomy of a gun.
John blinked. “A heat blocker? But I thought those only work for about 12 hours, at best.”
“The trial’s next week, are you going?”
Sherlock had been loathe to move his ‘optimally placed’ furniture, but the Omega and ex-Army side of John just couldn’t bear to sleep without his back to the wall. After much grousing and good natured sniping, they’d agreed to shift the chest of drawers to have their nest flush with the south side of the wall. This gave them a clear line of sight to the bedroom door, the bathroom door, and the window.
John is entering his heat, and isn't sure what exactly to expect. Mycroft Holmes offers a helping hand and John finds some solace and much to think about from a kind stranger.
“You have to be primed by a suitable bond-mate. Do you know what that means Sherlock? This is us, this has
“I… I am sorry, I didn’t mean-” Waverly sputtered as all the other agents moved away, returning to their posts and separating like sand in a strong river current.
I did, but they’re not here yet. It’s, um, it’s on her lower left side. There is so much blood.
in there.”
“Alright, well noted,” John conceded, never too proud to give credit where credit was due, “but how are you getting from there to murder?”
John reached over the nightstand after gently closing the paperback. “Hello?”
Those three pills John swallowed most certainly meant you
John fell heavily to the ground, his cock jerking up hard against his belly and another burst of slick sliding down his glistening thighs. His blood was singing,
There was no use waiting for standard English niceties, and he began talking the instant the call connected, sliding his bare feet into a pair of his trainers he found on the floor at the foot of the bed.
it. Just the thought of another Omega with Sherlock, with his friend, with his
Yet, to his utter dismay, and no small amount of horror, he found no comfort between the soft, expensive sheets. The duvet was too heavy, the walls too close, and his mind only whirled and whirled, a veritable reel of unchecked anxiety. Sherlock. Sherlock.
When John woke on the second day of his heat his head was a bit clearer, and some kind soul had re-assembled his abused mobile and left it charging next to his bed. Mercifully, or not, there were no new messages and no new missed calls. For a moment he felt the sting of hurt settling deep within his ribcage. Sherlock had implored John to keep his mobile with him; he had half expected Sherlock to get in touch with him and couldn’t help but feel a little bit bereft at the lack of contact. Distantly, he could feel the flares of the heat simmering within him, like embers ready to burst into flames. John judged he had less than half an hour of lucidity left before he was jostling himself stupid, sobbing for release against the ridiculously expensive bed. It was almost comforting, this peace after the so-called storm, he almost felt normal...just too hot, too wired, and too fucking horny to think about anything . The benzos continued to roil about his nervous system and he stared, slack-jawed at the blank screen, listlessly fondling the mushroomed head of his glans, slick and poppy red, when his mobile rang and everything fell to shit.
It was more than relief that washed over John just then. A profound sense of gratitude bolstered his confidence as he waited for the men inside to finish their squabbling so he could find Sherlock and get him the
With a sharp pang, almost indistinguishable from despair, John realized there was nothing in the dossier that brought him any closer to actually
By the time both weapons were cleaned and oiled,  Sherlock looked like he was about to work himself into another denning episode, and several of Mycroft’s employees looked downright mutinous. By John’s count he had checked the doors and windows at least a dozen times, each.
Neither Sherlock nor John were sure how she managed to make her way into his room, hospital rules being what they were, but John supposed they must have made special allowances for bonded pairs. It was common for the spouse or partner to be present whilst their love was actively dying, and even though Lisa suffered from her own serious wounds, he wouldn’t put it past her to scream, needle, or cajole the staff into getting her way. Injured or no, Lisa always
v) Lisa / (Leesy) / ‘Little Lisa Lovely’ - What is that all about?
amount of self control for a 16 year old Alpha to show.”
It was a tense walk back to the safe house, with Sherlock jumping at shadows and stalking ahead of John, swerving back and forth across the pavement at increasingly odd angles. Despite his habitually rigid self-control, a sense of normality was proving difficult for him to regain. It broke John’s heart, just a little bit, to see him so lost. But one backwards sniff, and one loaded sideways glint from the Alpha Sherlock had become made John rethink his sympathetic feelings for the man. For all that he looked wild and inconsolable, he knew Sherlock didn’t want his pity.
As requested by Oleta, here are the notes in text form for anyone who had trouble seeing the graphics on their web browser.
John favoured Sherlock with a small half-smile that spoke volumes -
He searched for the megestrol acetate and was gratified to find it remained nestled in the soft cotton pocket he’d left it in. He grasped the cool cylinder with one hand and placed it on the table next to his bed, then he prayed, desperately, that he could find the rest of his belongings he’d packed.
Sherlock sighed in relief when the fabric  yielded, cock springing free. Unclothed, John could see his fully retracted foreskin and an ample bead of pre-come gathering in the slit. The bubble of clear fluid quickly become heavy with pure volume and gravity, and the sight alone made John’s mouth water, his hole clenching painfully around nothing.  He couldn’t help but let out a pained noise.
Several days after their bonding, when Sherlock and John both decided some much welcome time off was needed, they received a call from Chesney. Both men were laid out on Sherlock’s larger-than-necessary-but-absolutely-luxurious bed at Baker Street, John reading the latest in a series of crime novels Sherlock had demonstrably claimed was ‘a deplorable excuse for fiction,’ and ‘so transparent even an eight month old could figure it out.’
She didn’t turn when they entered, and when she spoke, her eyes never strayed from her mate’s bony, wasted face.
In response, Sherlock growled low and dangerous, never loosening his desirous grip on John’s neck, and began taking him with ferocious abandon, back curved in a tight arc, covering John’s body protectively with his own. Every powerful, deep thrust of his hips elicited a staggering jolt of bliss across John’s nerves.
He was
DAY 3 - Monday December 23, 2013
But no, John was alone, always alone and the lesser, the disregarded and the overlooked, and he remained so as he convulsed and drooled into his eight hundred thread count pillowcase, twitching in a drug-induced half-waking, half-nightmare entombed in God-knows-what-room of a nameless house on a nameless street in a tiny village on the outskirts of Petham.
John thought about what he’d just said, and thought about how a lifetime of habits died hard. Of course Lisa knew about Harlan, it was probably the first thing she felt when she woke up this morning. Now that John knew how strong and deep a bond could settle in between two people, he’d never needed to ask a question like that again.
He closed his eyes, feeling his heartache swell to unbearable proportions. In his mind’s eye, he could see the bright little flower beds in the shadow of the church, swaying untroubled in the breeze.
“Doesn’t matter right now. You’re doing fine Chesney, all you need to do is put pressure on the wound until the paramedics arrive. Do you have a scarf or something like that you can use?”
” Chesney’s voice went from panicked to flat-out terrified.
, the
I suspect that would lead John to realize the power he has had in the situation all along.
, they were done with all of this. They couldn’t help Harlan or Lisa now, only time would tell what the end to their story would be. Sherlock and John had their own path now, one that would be traveled together. It was time for confirmation, time to settle their doubts, and time to put to rest all the could be’s and what if’s. John could see the question in Sherlock’s alluring eyes, he saw Sherlock’s breathing kick up a notch as he glanced down at his hand on his arm.
Sherlock only nodded and pushed himself unsteadily to his feet. He was calm now, in control, the knowledge of their situation clearly painted on the tense lines of his face. John wiped his own bloodied lip on his shirt sleeve, reminding himself to avoid all mirrors until he could see to Sherlock first. There was no telling how much damage Andrew had done before Sherlock put him down like a dog.
CHAPTER 2
. Furthermore, the preliminary pathology report on Ms. Orr found fibres linking her death to Terry Fanning. The Crown Prosecutors are also likely to pursue charges additional charges against Dr Sylvan for complicity in her murder.” Her voice broke over the line, and then, “I’ve another call John, I need to take it.”
“Chesney’s trying to convince me. To be honest I’d rather not but...since I started this, I owe it to Harlan to see it through.”
Sherlock looked to John, face neutral, but John knew his bonded well enough to see the storm of emotions that roiled in the infinite depths of his eyes. It was sadness and pain, and while neither knew what to say, both were loathe to be the first to speak.
John took a deep breath, trying to regain his tattered composure.  The effects of the flumazenil were only taking full force now, and he only hoped he didn’t re-sedate too obviously after it wore off. Antagonists never did last as long as the medicines they counteracted.
Andrew. John cursed inwardly, hoping it was only the two of them left. He was not sure how much longer his luck would hold.
With a surprised gasp, Sherlock gave one last brutally hard thrust and his knot breached John with a visceral
Chapter 1: “Then I suggest you bond with him before his first heat sets. Doesn’t matter if he’s in his late thirties, he’ll be top prize for any Alpha within a fifty-mile radius.”
One of the men, strangely familiar and yet somehow not, spoke lowly to his companion. They appeared to recognize an unstable situation quite quickly, and it was only a few short seconds before the quiet one made haste back down the dim hallway.
“Right. That’s a bit spooky that is, Sherlock.” John said wryly, picking up the kit and moving out of the room with purpose. While it was true that guessing someone’s train of thought based on their facial expression could be relatively easy, murderous intent being the easiest to identify, John was relatively sure he did not have an I-have-a-desperate-need-to-clean-guns face.
The group meets Terry near a park, a 30 minute drive away
“I dunno.” She shrugged, with another pop of her gum. “Since Harla - since everything happened, I think...maybe social work? Maybe specialize in Omegaverse? There are so few of us, and half the time we’re exploited or stared at like a bunch of freaks. I thought maybe uni…?” She peered up at John from under the brim of her cap, face open and young, perhaps seeking his advice or maybe even his encouragement.
Though the day was dreary, as London generally was wont to be, every so often the sun would break through, revealing lambent swathes of light that played along the tombstones. They were among the last to linger, and though Sherlock must have thought this behaviour bordered on
Sherlock began to speak, though, before John could muster the necessary amount of gravity for the situation.
“Sherlock,
, yes,
“Yes, of
“That...that actually explains quite a lot.”
A sharp chill ran across John’s skin, a cold wash that left him feeling shivery and weak. It was hard to imagine Sherlock so desperate and vulnerable, nothing like the man he knew and loved now.
You just did – SH
John frowned and raised an eyebrow at Sherlock, who in turn, glanced at John like the last scene was the most bizarre form of
uses anagrams besides Tom Marvolo
“Just now, Chesney phoned. He says it was Andrew, Terry’s Omega. Terry…uhh… I don’t know his last name.” All of Mycroft’s cronies stayed in the foyer and stared at John, obviously waiting for something.
“Okay, from what you described, it sounds like a gut wound, yeah? On the left side and below the navel? Luckily for her there isn’t much in that area but bowel, too low for the spleen and lungs, too low for the kidneys. Still, a perforated bowel is a serious concern, and there’s really no way of telling how far the bullet traveled inside of her, or what else has been damaged.  Is she still breathing?” John could hear the whispers of a hushed conversation just outside the door, then the sound of lock after lock clicking, greased tumblers moving easily in their casings. He backed away to let them through.
Timothy gave him a wry smile, “Of course. Birthday parties every year, he even fancied my sister for a bit in secondary but, well…we always knew we’d end up with each other after we changed. We’ve been together nigh on,” Timothy thought for a moment, scratching at his hairline underneath his chauffeur cap, “forty years now. We’ve two young-uns of our own, several grandkids as well. It’s all that matters really, family, and love.” He smiled brightly, eyes wrinkling and gleaming with an inner light that could only be recognized as a life well-lived. “Sorry if I get a bit emotional you see, it’s the hormones. We Omegas react to each other like that sometimes, when one is in heat.” He shrugged, chagrined.
John asked himself what he really wanted, he let himself linger on that thought while Sherlock regarded him from across the table, eyes soft, tiny beads of sweat visible on his forehead. To his utter surprise, the answer was finally clear, for once. He took a deep breath and reached his hand across the wood grain, taking Sherlock gently by the arm.
John’s mind went blank for a moment before he realized that last bit was a joke, an
John felt the tension inside of him ratcheting higher and higher, he wanted, no
3:00am alarm goes off
Lisa continued moving forward, slowing a bit as John re-shuffled his groceries. “In the flesh.”
Both men stopped their conversation short as a bleary eyed agent suddenly shuffled through the kitchen towards the fridge. He grumbled something akin to a ‘hello’ before opening the door to the refrigerator, blithely unaware of the emotionally charged conversation and the tension emanating from both Sherlock and John.
What exactly did one say to that?
The two men stood in the doorway, wayward witnesses to the emotional breakdown of a tortured woman, little more than a girl really, as she curled over her bonded and dissolved into a body-wracking torrent of sobs.
Turning his focus back to the text messages, he lifted his chin and figured he’d just get on with it before he managed to lose his nerve entirely. There was nothing to be gained in this life from being  a coward. He learnt that in the Army a long time ago, a lifetime ago, it seemed.
would fare if he and Sherlock were separated. At the time, he’d been sure he could endure anything if it meant Sherlock was better off... but he’d never really stopped to think how he would feel if their relationship fell apart
through his veins against the overwhelming rush of adrenalin, and he clenched his gut against a sudden wave of nausea. Two deep breaths though, and his nerves eased. This was Sherlock after all, and he wasn’t afraid...the queasiness was from pure excitement, pure
“When we were fighting on the bridge Terry called her a liar, I thought he was talking about faking her death to Harlan but he must have suspected she was the one who killed Rexfield.”
Grabbing a handful of newspapers from the recycle bin, John spread them out over the massive dining room table. He then carefully unloaded his SIG and the Beretta, ejecting the magazines and checking there were no bullets chambered. Satisfied both weapons were safe, he field stripped both pistols with ease and, under Sherlock’s appreciative eye, began to clean them with the precision only afforded to those with more than just a passing familiarity in weapons handling. It would have been almost meditative, save for the fact that Sherlock leapt up every minute or two to walk the perimeter of the house, glare out of the windows, and accost Agents he felt were ‘not sufficiently vigilant.’
However, if you dig it, let us know!!
He was more than surprised when an answer came not thirty seconds later. Sherlock was rarely what one would call attentive when responding to John’s, or anyone’s, text messages. At least, he never had been.
you.” John squeezed Sherlock’s lapels once more, suddenly wanting to scrape his forehead and cheeks against the man’s body and feel every swell and rise of lean muscle through the fabric and upon his lips. “I - I thought we had more time. I need to say this now, before the blockers wear off completely. I need you to know this is me talking. I - ”
A second voice joined the first, much higher pitched and a tad more anxious. “And what the
At the same time, John pressed both hands to his temples and breathed in huge, gulping lungfuls of air. He focused on his body, revelling in the way the breathing helped to ground him, and realizing his mind suddenly felt...free. That is, he no longer felt drugged, there was no more urgent sexual need, and even the strange tingling in his backside had abated. He was just John again, his mind had surfaced from the haze and he rejoiced in the fact that he could think clearly once more.
Sherlock nodded, slowing his steps to accommodate John. He practically radiated anxiety tempered with a touch of healthy uncertainty. With the suppressant in full force, John couldn’t actually scent his frenetic energy, but he could see it just fine with his own two eyes. Whether this insecurity involved their future, or what all this would do or had already done to their friendship, John was unsure. But for now, he was content in the silence. He was happy Sherlock was with him, safe, and that they could explore all of this
” Chesney’s voice crackled with wild urgency, “Thank
“That’s…uhh…thank you for letting me know,” John stared at the floor, numb.
that says: “if certain things don't make sense or if you see any inconsistencies, please let me know and I'd be glad to explain. There are a lot of Omegaverse "rules", explanations and "exceptions" that go along with certain aspects of the story, but I'm not mentioning them for the sake of length and general interest.”
“Touch and go, I think, last I heard anyway.” John used Sherlock’s momentary lapse in movement to catch up with the man and his damnably long legs. “She’s had some haemorrhaging and internal damage. I don’t think we’ll know anything definite until tomorrow, at least.”
“-ind of recognition but that is obviously ludicrou-“
of liquorice allsorts and was sick all night.” Sherlock said reminiscently, as if treasuring a particularly fond memory. “It was a
“Wouldn’t it be lovely to hear the halls echoing with the laughter and games of a few wee children, Sherrinford?” (walking to evensong across the fields, on a balmy July afternoon. Sherrinford made a non-commital noise: privately he could think of nothing worse. It was bad enough when his nephews came to stay.)
“Patrick told him to come look for you,” he said, covering Sherlock’s hand with his own. “Wouldn’t hear of Mycroft coming to the hospital with him.”
“To offer our support to dear Violet. Aren’t we, Sherlock?” John interjected meaningfully. “Needless to say, it’s been a very difficult time for her, and we just wanted to make sure that she was alright.”
“Yes, so shut up and
She opened the cover of what turned out to be a large topographical study of the Highlands, flicking through a few dozen pages before coming to a large scale map of Aberdeenshire. She pulled out an enclosure, unfolding the pages like an accordion until he could see every ripple of the mountainous landscape, every forest and stream, every village and town spread out across the landscape. Intricate contour lines showed the crags and peaks of every hill, the dips of every valley and the paths of winding rivers.
“Laddie, if there’s one thing I can manage, that is it.” Violet grinned. “Go on and tell him.”
“-and of course, Sandra would have felt
(No, I can’t be developing a thing for his feet. Can I? I mean, they’re nice feet, but still- )
He picked it up reverently, feeling the way that the grip nestled perfectly into the curve of his palm. The steel was polished to a high shine at the sides of the barrel, tapering to an oddly tactile dull grey at the top. It was heavy and cool in his hand; it wasn’t overly large and it was rather understated in style; but there was something particularly, quietly menacing about it. John felt an odd, secret thrill when he held it; it felt truly his. It wasn’t something that had been used by others for who knew what purpose before he had acquired it.
He was almost weak with relief when he heard the unmistakable sound of the Holmes brothers having an argument coming from the direction of the library. John paused, and took several deep breaths. He willed himself to remain cool, calm and collected.
“I am not going anywhere with you.” Sherlock said flatly, collapsing back into his armchair. “I am utterly sick of the sight of you. And we have a case to conclude, in case you are unaware.”
Sherlock sighed, and snapped his fingers sharply to catch Erskine’s attention. MacAllan flinched slightly. “Oh, this is too dull for words. Obviously, this was set up to incriminate one of the Antonelli family. Yes?”
“I’m not going to tell you that it’s easy to make friends, Sherlock. Not when you’re... like us.”
(Ah.)
“You’re no picture yourself, laddie” she countered, and sat down so suddenly on the doorstep he suspected her legs couldn’t hold her up any longer. He sank down beside her, wrapping an arm round her shoulders; ignoring the minute tremors of her body. They sat there for several long moments, staring dully ahead and inhaling the icy air.
“And was jealous of her, obviously.” John said meditatively. “Incidentally, what did you mean earlier about him finding you in the garden?”
“Gosh!” Violet exclaimed delightedly.
Murdy sighed, and glowered slightly into her mug of tea. “He worries about me. He’ll worry even more once he finds out; and then he probably won’t even let me leave the house for a month.”
Sherlock leapt to his feet and across a row of huge terracotta pots, crossing the distance to the door in an instant. He wrenched the door open again and pelted down the hall, the soles of his shoes drumming frantically against the polished wood.
“That coat belonged to your mother.” Sherlock said suddenly. It wasn’t a question, and John briefly wondered where on earth the detective was going with this. Mentioning an upset girl’s dead mother didn’t seem like the most appropriate way to cheer her up and he gave Sherlock a quelling look.
-” he said the word with deepest disdain “-because my brother left London for Geneva this morning. One can only conclude that Patrick had been hoping to spend a cosy New Years Eve with Mycroft and has been left rather disappointed.”
“I’m still going to tell your dad on you if you ever do it again, though.” Violet said firmly.
“Then why on earth would they have used that box? It would be simply
Their room was chilly, the fireplace unlit since the day before. It didn’t stop John from swiftly pulling his jumper over his head and moving towards Sherlock with a cheerfully lascivious smile; his hands already moving towards the buttons on his tailored shirt. He loved it when Sherlock was like this. Being a bit pushy and demanding was nothing new, but it never failed to startle him slightly when Sherlock decided to ignore everything else, ignore a
Sure enough, a blurred outline revealed a small doe picking her way through a rocky gully dozens of feet below. John clenched his fists and stared at the display, willing it to pick up something else. It remained a dull grey-green for several long seconds more. He felt, rather than saw, Violet’s shoulders dropping in disappointment to his left.
“That’s fucking
offended you in some way, any fool could see it.”
that he had previously displayed predatory attitudes towards Violet, after what he said when we interviewed him. If you hadn’t managed to-“
“My great grandparents bought the place along with most of the furnishings. They’re certainly not any of
“I want to know what it did to you.” Sherlock leans forward, his absent dreamy state now utterly evaporated. His fingers dart out and unexpectedly tap against John’s temple just for a moment. “In
“I believe that I see you just how you are, John.” Sherlock’s so close now John can’t see his face properly. But he can hear the rawness in his voice. “There’s a special kind of beauty in broken edges, you know.”
To his relief, Violet didn’t ask for any details. He hadn’t even meant to tell her that much, but it had somehow slipped out as she gazed at him with her odd, thoughtful eyes.
nice man.” she purred. “I might just decide to keep him.”
John and Sherlock walked back to Violet’s house in a rather thoughtful silence. John walked with his hands dug deep in his pockets, occasionally stealing glances at Sherlock’s pensive face. If anything, the detective seemed rather irritated; but he did not give John any clues for the reason behind this.
Sherlock took a seat opposite her and took a sip of his martini. Although he hadn’t bothered to change either, he still looked ready to dine with archbishops or royalty. The library was lit only by the fire and candles in glass lanterns scattered around the room, and in the dim light John absently thought that they both looked rather marvellous. Sherlock’s hair was rather unruly from their rambling through the overgrown conservatory, but the dark curls glinted in the light cast by the candles on the mantlepiece. His skin seemed very pale, his cheekbones casting pronounced shadows on his face. Sherlock’s sometimes colourless eyes picked up the deep green of his tailored silk shirt as he fixed them on Violet.
After many insults were slung from both sides, the red team mulishly accepted bands of blue cloth, which were tied around their upper arms as a sign of loyalty to their new clan. Patrick looked utterly disdainful as he held out his arm, seeming tempted to rip it off right away.
John glared at Sherlock briefly before returning to his article. The important thing at this point was not to engage. Otherwise it would end up in a long drawn out lecture about correct syntax, grammar and the sanctity of the English language. He knew that Sherlock wanted him to say that 'punctuation-face' was not the usual name for an emoticon. But he wasn’t going to give him the satisfaction.
Violet laughed, and threw a floury tea-towel at his head. “So he told you about those then, eh? No, I wouldn’t let him get his hands on them. Besides, he never had much time for history, really. He helped me catalogue them properly, but it was mainly the scientific items that he liked. He tried to recreate some of the alchemical experiments in one of the old barns and nearly burned it down. He infuriated the servants, as he was getting really good at his deductions by then.” she smiled reminiscently. “We spent a lot of evenings in an old boat moored on the river, reading, drinking wine, smoking weed and getting savaged by midgies. I tried to get him to invent a decent insect repellent, but he said that the smoke was more effective. I think Sherry was glad that we were friends, although I always reckoned he thought we were having some kind of torrid affair. Which I promise we weren’t.” she added gently, and smiled at John’s expression.
Sherlock moved at once, sliding along the wall and towards the illuminated doorway with John on his heels. They came to a halt a couple of feet away from the door, peering out of the shadows into the brightly lit room.
<< Master? >> Greg asks.
<< Are you investigating the Fenix? >> the girl is amazed.
"Luckily you met Sherlock on your way" John thinks, realizing how absurd is what he's thinking.
Yes it was. It really was. And like all the good things that happened to him, John did the only thing he did well: he broke it and threw it away.
<< Nobody will know anything, Sherlock, you have my word >> he promises and Sherlock nods, knowing he can trust his doctor.
<< No >> admits the consultant just relaxing to the caresses of his partner.
<< Oh, shut up! >> the chief blurts out. << Lestrade, do as he says. But know, my dear detective, that if you are wrong I will have you remove your license and I will throw you in jail for life! >>.
<< And I fly over his excesses with drugs and smoke >> continues Mycroft, shaking his head slightly to express his disappointment. << I must admit that the only thing in which my brother has never exaggerate is alcohol >> he says and John notices a flicker glimmering in his gray eyes. John obliges himself not to look away and to try to show how little he is touching by what Mycroft is saying. << A bad habit that luckily he never cultivated, unlike you >>.
<< Cuidate, hermano
<< Apparently, Mr. Holmes! >> says George, moving nervously on the chair. << When Lizzy told me about it, I went for a ride and it didn't seem so bad. Later, however, I saw her get worse. At the beginning, she spoke continuously of the tutor who had been entrusted to her on the site. She had a crush with him and I tought that it was a good thing. At least it was something vivifying. Then the invitations began to arrive >>.
<< If so, could you help me recover the data? >>.
<< Mycroft said you're his favorite Holmes >> says John, trying not to show how important that information is to him.
<< You have no proof >> says the master.
<< Yeah >> Sherlock nods. << And the fury made her lose sight of the danger in which she would have put herself if she killed me. Mary was unable to make 'the other' the reason. Her bad part is pure madness >>.
<< Yes, it is beautiful >> John retorts, tearing Sherlock's shirt off without any restraint, which makes his flatmate laugh with taste, while the buttons clink falling on the floor.
<< I did what I thought was the best thing for you and your brother! >>.
<< Me too >> echoes Greg, getting up in turn. << Those bastards you caught have a scary list of precedents! The detention has been validated and I think they will be guests of the prisons for a long time. You have to go to the police station for the deposition. All of you >> Greg says, looking them in the eyes one by one.
<< He ... what ... does he have ...? >>.
<< I hope the puppy like it too >>.
<< Yes, its are the same ones we found printed >>.
<< Well, sir, we are in a Spa >>.
The bell rings by tearing him from his thoughts. A long and prolonged sound, quite annoying, to be honest.
<< In fact, you're right, I never listen to you. It is plausible you thought so, because I thought so too. If I didn't do it, it's because ... because I still struggle to stand. And then ... >> Sherlock adds, taking another breath. << You are also right about your reputation. I have told you that what people think about me it is not a problem. yet I am doing everything possible to evoide people to discover what happened to me. Before, I could not stand the idea that people could fool me becouse I not realizing that I was drugged and I was fall into a trap that. Now ... I know that I had continuous drop in pressure I take as a betrayal from my body. I do not know what is happening to me, John >> whispers worried.
<< To whom? >>.
<< I have to think, John, that are you jealous? >> Sherlock asks him after a short pause.
"This place creeps almost worse than Mary's house," thinks John who suddenly lacks air.
<< About you >>.
<< That's why I insisted that you stay out of it, John >> sighs Sherlock, shaking his hand once more. The doctor responds to the grasp and his massage becomes slower and with the fingertips.
<< I did it until I was afraid you committed another stupid thing! >>.
<< But I fear that glory will have to be limited to this >> Fox adds, giving Sherlock a sever look. A look very similar to the ones John used to shoot, the doctor notes and his stomach aches again. Sherlock snorts, and they seem to speak again without saying a word.
He brings his hand to his head and realizes two things. Someone attached him to a drip saline solution, a smaller one of antibiotic and another of morphine. The second thing that Sherlock realize is that his head is bandaged. He try to sit up and notices the third, not negligible, detail: his right leg is in traction. He looks at his leg as if it belonged to another person. Sherlock's leg is in plaster from over the knee at the ankle. The leg  is hang on small weights that keep it in traction thanks to pulleys.
<<  Yes, Sherlock. They have already sent the casts to the laboratory together with ... well, you understand >> Greg says, pointing with his head to the back of the house to suggest that Silver's body has been unearthed.
<< 31? >> John asks in amazement. << How come this coincidence was not noticed? >>.
<< The man I live with >> Sherlock replies, trying not to be horrified by his ignorance. He realizes too late that he said the wrong thing and in the wrong way.
<< Worthy father's daughter >> he says, making her blush. << I'm sorry to have lied to you, but if I hadn't acted incognito you wouldn't have trusted me and I couldn't risk you deciding to make that bad jump. Do you think you can forgive me? >> he asks her with a soft voice and a bewitching look. The girl blushes even more, sketches a smile and nods looking away.
Sherlock quickly reaches the Sharon Milton's home, an attic studio apartment located in a poorly maintained building in the White Chapel neighborhood in eastern London. Sherlock climbs the five floors of stairs that lead him to the attics and finds John waiting for him on the threshold of the apartment in the company of Greg and the forensic department's men. Anderson's men do not even wait for the order and, as soon as they see him, they leave the small room to stop and chat on the stairs.
On the other trips that John has made, every time he has been away from him, his flatmate hasn't missed an opportunity to contact him. Sometimes only with a text, others with many texts, even obsessive in the peak moments of his explosive boredom. Of course it also happened that Sherlock did not show up for a whole day. In that situation John must admit that he was the one writing to him, worried that something had happened or he had made some disaster.
<< What is a Spa for? >>.
<< And stay there! Do nothing, do you understand me? Nothing, before my arrival >>.
<< Oh my God, you won't be serious, I hope? >> John chuckles, incredulously.
The woman turns her look to the consultant, standing with John in the doorway.
<< You didn't think the same way a few hours ago >>.
<< Fox? Who is it? >>.
<< Oh ... hello! >> says the man, placing the towel on his head like a turban. He smiles holding out his hand ready to introduce himself, but freezes in front of John's gaze. The musician calls his hand to himself and turns his gaze to Sherlock and then to the doctor a couple of times, becoming more serious.
It spends the whole morning before the SUV is brought back to the road and repositioned with the four wheels on the ground. Greg and John don't waste time examining the vehicle, dented on the left side. The headlight of the car was totally destroyed by the violent impact.
<< Kelly is here! Is coming! >> sobs. William's knees tremble madly. The girl, armed with a rolling pin, reaches him. She sees the dog barking at the front door. Splash of saliva drops down every time that he  bark.
<< Stop >> Sherlock whispers and John stops, struck in the heart by that weak voice.
<< I knew I did well to convince her! >> she exclaims, clapping her hands against each other. << Molly is with him now? >> she asks and John expected everything except that she talking about the Bart's pathologist.
<< What have you got? >> Sherlock asks. John reads a note of concern in his clear eyes and, god, if they are even more beautiful seen so closely.
<< I believe it is better to put things back as they were. What do you think, Mary? >> Sherlock suggest to her.
<< Yes, because we know that as Morgan will take care of you, you will take care of him >> says John. The child nods and embraces both, by sinking his face between their close shoulders. Margaret cry and Morgan slips from  William to approach her and lick her tears away. The woman smiles caressing this little gift of the new life that awaits them.
<< Could you making tea for me too? Thanks >> Sherlock asks and the fact that he thanked him is a real novelty.
<< Why? >> she asks and no expression is drawn on her face.
"The worst things happen in convents, John, don't you know?"
Sherlock opens the first entitled "The man's best friend" and quickly reads some passages, giving an idea of the woman they are dealing with.
<< What? >>.
<< I thought so too >> George nods. << Since then I have seen her get worse. She hasn't said anything to me anymore. She stays closed for hours in her room. She doesn't go out anymore. She doesn't eat anymore. I tried to tell mom, but she >>, George says between his teeth in a bad expression of anger, << She only thinks of herself and that idiot of her lover >>. He growls by sinking his nails into his thigh. << Mom says that it's adolescence, which will happen to me and all these bullshit. All Lizzy has been doing for two months now are normal changes due to adolescence! Mom does not realize, however, that Lizzy is sinking more and more >> he says, the voice broken by emotion. << Dad noticed Lizzy changement and tried to talk to mom and she ... >> George sighs, closing his eyes for a long moment. << It ended as always. With a fight between them and dad was thrown out of the house, accused of not being a good father, of seeing the rottenness behind everything, of being a detective even in our home >> he concludes in a whisper.
“Not what I meant. I mean, look at these.” he pointed out the phone bill and the birthday card. “I think she must have been really lonely. She barely used the phone, there’s hardly any calls or texts. She didn’t speak to her aunts, and she didn’t have any other family. It doesn’t seem like any of the other students will miss her that much, apart from maybe Phyllis. She was twenty three, in love with a complete git who didn’t seem to care that much for her. She must have felt really alone, when she died. Even Violet was cross with her at the time.”
“You… you felt that too?” Sherlock whispered hoarsely.
“Well not much bloody point even trying, with you.” Violet pointed out, with the air of one who had tried and failed many times.
“Friday night, Vi. Who exactly was in the studio when she was stabbed?” Sherlock prompted, with a long-suffering expression on his face.
“No, not the question.” Sherlock murmured, studying the mess he had created. “Or rather, not the only question. But the first question is who picked it up out of the snow to use it to lure Mrs. Duncan into the water.”
Mycroft took a seat a little further along, between Hilary and Phyllis. Interestingly, this placed him directly opposite Patrick Singh, who took his time finishing his champagne before coming to the table.
Sherlock nodded, although a part of him wanted to stay in Violet’s bedroom. He could feel the phantom trails of her hands in his hair, the calmness and safety of the rainy April morning. At the same time he could feel an aching chill in his hands and feet, far more than was warranted in the cool air of the bedroom.
Sherlock seemed reluctant to neglect the steaming plate of duck and roasted squash that Margaret had just placed in front of him, but grudgingly lowered his fork when John nudged him sharply.
“Ah, but you’re forgetting a very important skill, my old fruit.” she remarked casually. “You may well know how to identify who people are, and why they do the things they do. You can figure out what they’re about to do next, based on a hundred tiny clues. You can certainly observe things better than I can; I’ll admit I never put the effort into it that you did. I never felt the need; and frankly I don’t think I want to be able to see into people like that. I think people deserve their secrets, most of the time. You don’t. You let yourself see into the cracks, and all the dreadful little details that people strive to hide.” Violet took a sip of wine, her gaze never leaving Sherlock’s face. “Which one of the two of us gets through life more smoothly, do you think?”
Freddie Garcia was hunched over the fold-out dining table, seated on a narrow metal chair. His whole posture seemed to indicate extreme tension and pain, from the way his left leg was twisted around the leg of his chair; how his hands were clenched tightly even now, obviously several days after the death.
“I will. Thank you.” John turned for the door.
“Or when Sherlock hasn’t eaten for a week, eh?” she smiled, deftly glazing the cooling bread with a pastry brush. “He used to drive his mother mad, you know; staying up all night reading or tinkering, not bothering to eat. Saying that breathing is
“It’s a four wheel drive. Not being driven terribly well, either.” he remarked. “And obviously not by a local.”
, you cantankerous berk! Play us something.”
. You wouldn’t do that sort of thing to your neighbours.”
“Bad luck,” John agreed, wondering more than a little at her priorities.
They stared at each other warily for several seconds.
Caroline.)
[No. Wait.]
Finally,
Mycroft.]
John couldn’t stop staring at the gun. Alright, he wasn’t one of those slightly worrying types who had subscriptions for Guns & Ammo and who obsessed over firearms. As long as they were reliable and worked well he was happy; but this… this was, well…
Petty sighed and looked around the shop thoughtfully, raising an eyebrow slightly when she caught sight of Sherlock ducking and dodging around behind the counter; evidently trying to catch sight of the shelf from all possible angles. “It’s so sad, really. I mean, there’s a very good chance that the shop could go under if things continue like this, if it’s not proven beyond the shadow of a doubt that Dad had nothing to do with the poisoning. He’s always been so proud of this place, and Mum loved it so much. If we lose the shop, it’ll feel a bit like losing another bit of her.”
“Yeah,” Murdy nodded. “But look at the box, Miss Vernet. I’m pretty sure I know why they used it.”
After suffering the indignity of being towed up the slope above the crash-site on a stretcher, Sherlock let John take his hand and didn’t let go of it for the rest of the journey.
and a much abused copy of
However since the Mary debacle and John’s subsequent move back to Baker Street, Sunday mornings had been different. There was no question of girlfriends for John at the moment at least. Finding out that his ex-wife was an assassin had perhaps made him a little wary of romantic entanglements. Especially so when he found out that she was not, strictly speaking retired even after they were married. And particularly so when he found out that the child she was carrying was not his.
Murdy was shaking her head almost as soon as he started talking. “No, that’s rubbish. I’ve never seen her drunk, ever.”
“Oh! Gosh. Alright, then.” Phyllis said, seeming to brighten slightly and scrambling to her feet. “I do hope I haven’t been keeping everyone waiting.”
Antonelli shook his head. “There must be someone, but I can’t for the life of me think who it could be. I live a pretty quiet life up here, have done for years.”
Red, and blue. Once John began to see the pattern, it was everywhere. From what he could make out in the low light, the two groups were differentiated by some item of clothing in those colours. Patrick’s red sweater. The pale woman’s scarf. The dark haired woman’s coat.
[Shut up, John.]
“John... you’re
In truth, Sherrinford tried not to think about the future of the estate all that much. The Holmes family was not Scottish, but he and his parents thought of their Scottish seat as home; they had chosen to live there rather than their smaller house in Shropshire for the vast majority of several decades.
[Not for a long time now, though. I did insist on making that stupid promise. Does it still count? Might not. John would probably think it does, though.] [Maybe I should find out.]
“Correct, Reverend?” Sherlock asked, conversationally. The minister didn’t reply or open his eyes, his bruised hand cradled closely against his chest. “Oh, well. There will be lots of time to chat with the Aberdeen constabulary later, don’t worry. Speaking of which, let me just give them a ring…”
“Of course we know where the acid came from!” Sherlock groaned despairingly. “Honestly. It came from here, didn’t you even realise that? That brand of gin is one of Violet’s favourites. The bottle came from her pantry, where she keeps a plentiful supply. The acid came from the studio, where it was used for the purposes of etching. Didn’t you see the press? Violet told us that Garcia knocked it over before he left on Wednesday.”
“Doesn’t look like he’s here now, though; does it?” John whispered back. “It’s pitch black out now; he’d have some lights on at least.”
The notes began to rush together, rising in pitch and urgency. John didn’t know the piece, and part of him was more absorbed with watching the remote, absorbed face and the elegantly swaying lines of the man’s body as he played than the melody.
“Oh, god. Violet, did you really have to say that?!” John groaned. She smiled at him brightly over her crystal brandy glass and raised it to him in a cheeky toast.
Murdy’s face was crimson by now, her eyes wide as she stared at her father. Her hands were knotted in her hair.
John began to feel extremely self-conscious, and felt a blush creeping steadily up his body. “Oh god, I’ve done it now, haven’t I?” he muttered. “You’re about to leap out of bed and run away, aren’t you? I am going to be cringing for bloody
“Excellent idea!” Violet beamed. “Why don’t you come and take a look at the gardens and stables tomorrow? They haven’t changed a bit!”
“I merely point this out to demonstrate that even the most logical of individuals may have deep-seated irrational phobias.” Sherlock said hastily.
“You daft fish.” Violet nudged him, a little impatiently. “What I have is a hell of a lot of acquaintances. I think I have perhaps three real friends in the world. You’ll find, however, that life gets an awful lot easier if you can get people to like or admire you.”
“I mean it. Yes, we saw George in the garden. But there’s no way you could have known that he was going to go after Violet. Yes, I know you’ve got a brain the size of a planet, but he was acting in an unpredictable fashion. He could have just as easily gone into the studio or stayed wandering round the garden talking to the shrubs.”
“Are you… okay? Ah! Like this?” John asked breathlessly, as he felt the long fingers wrap around them both. He kept becoming deliciously distracted, but he felt that he had to check. “I mean… with me. On top?”
The woman wrinkled her nose at John and rolled her eyes sympathetically.
Violet blanched. “Beastie, that’s one of the worst things anyone’s ever called me. And believe me, I know I’m in for an even bigger telling off than you. And I absolutely deserve it. I reckon your dad won’t sell me so much as a sugar lump from now on.”
“We know, pet.” her father replied, and sighed. “But I suppose that’s it, isn’t it? This will be enough for them to arrest me now.”
Sherlock nodded. “I just thought… well. I should probably say sorry.”
. She didn’t realise what it was going to involve until the day they started filming. Sandra... well. Freddie told her that it was a way of proving to him how much she really loved him. And, oh god....” Phyllis trailed off. “I didn’t know, you see. She didn’t give me any details, when she told me. And I... Oh, Doctor Watson. I really do hate myself sometimes. I’m so ashamed.”
John’s voice rebounded off the boulders, the steep cliff faces around him. “SHERLOCK! SHERLOCK CAN YOU HEAR ME?”
“Not quite so sensitive, I grant you… but usually by the time I get here Sherlock, you’re- oh yes, hard as a
“Sherrinford, it would be marvellous for all the men to know that their livelihoods are secure after you pass away.” (during a sudden April downpour, watching the field workers dashing for cover from the drawing room window. Sherrinford was a little distracted by the sight of young Mr. Brodie in a wet shirt and forgot to answer his increasingly frustrated mother.)
The man hesitated for a split second, clearly unable to decide which one of them to dispatch first. It was long enough; a flying kick to his femur and a simultaneous slice towards his dominant hand had the gun clattering across the ground and disappearing into the water. Once the man was groaning on the ground, the girl delivered several sharp kicks to his groin that had even Sherlock wincing slightly after the first few. Her feet were only covered by stained, tattered plimsolls but the sustained, vehement force she used was impressive. She finished her onslaught by kicking him once more in the side of the head. She glanced up at Sherlock once the man had passed out, and they exchanged a long look. She was probably only about seventeen, lank-haired and showing the signs of rapid weight loss. She wore a man’s grubby jacket over the remains of what he distantly recognised as a school uniform.
“Well, I don’t know about bugs, but I think we can be sure he’s had visual surveillance from outside the building. And he may well have taken the chance to plant one or two of his little recorders when he inflicted himself on us earlier. You
“Stupid of me. I should have known that I wouldn’t make any... friends... there. All the evidence points towards my utter inability to do so; after all, it’s not as if I managed it at any of the other places.” he delivered this statement in a calm, absolutely matter-of-fact way, looking directly into her eyes. It was as if he was daring her to contradict him. To pity him.
Sherlock’s hands were dropping, his eyes halfway to closing in resignation when the tall girl who had been knocked to the deck flung herself out of a corridor formed by two towering containers. She was holding a large metal rubbish bin over her head, her eyes wide and teeth bared. She aimed it at the man’s head, catching him with a glancing blow mostly by sheer unexpected luck. The clang knocked Sherlock smartly out of his fugue, and a welcome surge of adrenaline propelled him forwards. The gun had fired before he reached the man, the bullet intended for the panting girl and missing her by less than a foot. She was raising her fists as Sherlock approached, her dark eyes flickering between him and her captor; wary of them both.
“Is she so scared that he’ll drag her through the courts over the collections?”
“So you want to bring a load of poor goldfish all the way to Scotland so that you can poison them?” John asked slowly. “I swear to god, I’m going to call PETA on you some day, Sherlock. No, absolutely not. No!” he firmly took the large bag of water from a loudly protesting Sherlock and placed it on the stairs. “I’m giving them to Mr. Chatterjee, he’s got that big aquarium. He won’t mind.”
Sherlock had led him down a narrow, litter strewn alley. On their right the fence continued in a straight line; on their left a high brick wall stretched up perhaps fifteen feet high. Sherlock leapt over an abandoned mangled bicycle, pausing briefly to grab the chain. John pelted on ahead, wrenching his gun from the waistband of his jeans.
“Rot.” Violet said cheerfully, taking his arm. “You look decidedly dashing when you’re a bit crumpled round the edges – it’s one of those things that only the most handsome men can pull off, you lucky git. Come on, let’s go find ourselves an aperitif and see what’s lurking in the fridge. Your culinary education awaits, Patrick!”
James. I liked him, Mycroft. And I think he liked me, eventually. We spent a lot of time talking in the evenings. I read to him, when he wasn’t able to anymore. We listened to records. He told me stories about the family. He was a very lonely man, in a lot of ways.”
“More than that. Garcia made and directed this charming work. I also found this in the caravan-“ Sherlock produced a bank receipt from his other pocket with a flourish. “When Menzies wasn’t able to track down a personal bank account for Garcia, he obviously didn’t think of checking business accounts. Garcia had an account at Santander, which received both the paltry proceeds of his pornography and several payments from the account of one Sandra Garner. He must have cleared off to Spain after it didn’t prove as lucrative as he thought.”
“Oh, god yea.” Greg laughed, nodding with a smile. “I hated every
Sherlock hummed in agreement and laid a kiss on John’s check before pulling the soldier close. They both fell asleep that night with questions of “
.” Sherlock sighed, dragging John back to the bedroom. Suddenly something clicked in Johns' head and his face turned into one of disbelief and annoyance as his feet dug into the carpet.
“For gods sake Sherlock, what have you done?” he begged. Sherlock felt himself coming down from the place he had been floating in his own head. He hadn’t shaved or showered or eaten. Had he drunk anything? There was cold tea at his elbow. Ah, good, he probably wasn’t dying then.
By the time their brought Rosie home for the preliminary observation period some six months after her rescue, she was more comfortable speaking to communicate, but seemed to only talk in full sentences with John and Sherlock. Her face lit up brightly when she saw her new room. John showed her the monitor on her bedside table, pointing out which buttons she needed to push if she wanted John and Sherlock in the night, that way she didn’t have to traipse the stairs. She was ecstatic about all the books on her shelves and the little crocheted narwhal Mrs. Hudson had made her.
“Sherl?” John murmured, looking over his shoulder at the girl. Sherlock hummed in answer as he dipped the pad of his ring finger in the girl’s tea, testing the temperature. “I, ah, I think she wants you to read her a bedtime story.” Sherlock straightened; his face carefully blank as he eyed John.
, accessible scars. His fingers would dance reverently over John's top-surgery scars and, with a light touch, map out the topography of John's gunshot wound, then glide over half a dozen easily reached smaller marks. After more than half an hour John sighed and stopped trying to sleep.
“Greg,” he breathed, moving to take a step closer to the man. Greg instantly clutched the politician’s shoulders.
of deal?” he asked sullenly, probably already knowing the answer.
God bless Sherlock Holmes, John thought as he rose from his seat. He always knew exactly what John needed, usually before John even knew he needed it, but then again, wasn’t he the same way with Sherlock? He knew how to make the man stay functional on a case, he knew how to keep the good days
“So,” Sherlock finally said, turning back to the crowd, “to honor this, we’ve decided to have our wedding at the places he first defied them. Many years ago, John Watson, a man just returned from military service after being invalidated home, took a stroll through Reagents Park. Unbeknownst to him, a man with a far-reaching gaze felt it prudent to set him on my path without my knowledge and set the wheels in motion for John to bump into an old friend during a stroll through Reagents Park all those years ago.”
