Outside the workshop door, Steve pauses to listen. He pulls out his phone, taps the tile to open the app Nat had installed for him. Pixies, the app tells him.
Loki peers closely at the scroll, then drops his arms with a huff. “I suppose I ought not to have expected much from scribes. Especially not this one.”
“Are we getting cordially invited to villainous plots now?” Steve asks, trying to grab the invite. “Awfully classy for most our nemeses.”
Steve kisses Tony open-mouthed, the slick heat of his tongue sending a shudder through Tony’s body. Tony clutches at Steve’s shoulders, his hair, and he yields to Steve’s touches that tip his head for a better angle. Tony drags blunt fingernails down the back of Steve’s neck, lapping up his soft moan.
Steve, Tony notices, has absolutely terrible posture when he plays video games. He sinks back into the couch like it could swallow him up and burp out an American flag, slouches down until his head is almost level with the back.
Steve sleeps late and lounges around his room the next morning. Howard will be back to keep working tomorrow, and Steve wants to burrow into the most recent book he swiped from the downstairs library and pretend to be somewhere—someone—else for a while.
Statement of Anthony Stark, Head Archivist of the Usher Foundation, regarding some irregularities in access permissions of Classified SHIELD/SSR Archives. Statement given directly by subject, May 5, 2014. Statement begins.
“Based the data I have collected since your first meeting with Captain Rogers in Stuttgart, I find a 99.9% possibility that is indeed the case.”
“It’s true,” Thor’s voice interrupts. “It is quite important to acquire a trophy from C. J. Barton tells me it brings rank and glory to the island.”
He slips from Tony’s grasp and waves to the audience. Steve retreats to a back room. He takes a few deep breaths until his pulse eases back to normal.
It’s really not much of a fight, Super Soldier vs. Sleep-Deprived Genius Billionaire Playboy Philanthropist but Tony squirms and kicks at Steve, even manages to throw an elbow in his gut. After a few minutes of struggle, Steve pins Tony’s legs and tosses him over a shoulder.
Steve hated it. When someone recognizes him, Steve feels the bond salesman return, the one who didn’t know what the hell he was talking about. He thinks about the men whose names only he seems to remember, the ones who died in the fields, the trenches, the woods, the barns, the blown-out towns…
When class begins, the leads and follows split up to learn the footwork before dancing together. Steve can’t confide this in Tony yet—not here—but the idea of following, being lead by reading someone else’s cues is appealing. He’s always been good at that. No one knows the Avengers like Steve does. Even during the war and before he joined up, truly joined up, he could navigate around a kick-line on an unfamiliar stage. The USO girls had taught him a few moves, too, on those long tours together.
“Just the whole catching a wayward archivist on the run from a horde of evil henchmen. It’s impressive. I know I don’t always eat my three squares but I could have easily kicked you in the face on the way down.”
Tony jumps and spins around, catches his heel on a table and starts to tip. He makes a sound like he’s clearing his throat when Steve grabs him and sets him back on his feet.
Steve grabs his wrist and tucks Tony’s hand between their chests. “I might be seventy years out of date but I’m fairly certain that’s still frowned upon in public,” he says sternly, but there’s a heat in his gaze.
The man looks Steve over with an expression that got Gilmore Hodge punched out on day 1 of basic training. Another kind of creep who sees lean-muscled shoulders and arms and thinks Steve could be easily overpowered. It irritates Steve in that old familiar way that no one seems to have learned any better, despite all the footage of Natasha fighting the Chitauri that Steve knows is floating around. Besides, she'd knocked him on his ass more than once or twisted him into an arm bar when he misjudged a strike.
It’s hazy after that, though Tony pins a few select memories. The press of Steve’s fingers in his lower back, how Steve gasped against his shoulder. How when Tony couldn’t stop talking, cataloguing everything he wanted to do with him, Steve had promised in a low, rough voice,
“Sir, a full system diagnostic will mean I’m unavailable for as long as 12 hours. Are you certain that’s advisable?”
“Soon as you put on a pair of hiking boots,” Nat says. “Your go-go boots aren’t going to cut it this time around.”
Steve kisses him again, a touch more heat in this one. “What was that about a smart mouth?” he asks against Tony’s lips.
“What you meant,” Steve interrupts, not unkindly, “was you expected me to be uncomfortable with my body, nudity, and sex because I’m from the 1940s.”
“Yeah, you know. Hold me closer, Tony Danza.” Tony glances back at Steve, then throws his hands up in mock despair. “Steve. You have to get caught up on this century’s jokes. Think of how hilarious I am, and
“Change of plans,” Tony says, smoothing over his disappointment. “Should’ve called ahead but…” he shrugs. “Not always thinking ahead after bad deals.”
Nat, close to Steve’s position, shoots him a look over her shoulder, one eyebrow quirked. She gives him an approving nod.
“You ever seen a guy try to kill himself and not know that’s what he’s doing?” Howard asks. “Work himself to the bone so he doesn’t have to think about whatever’s gone wrong? Imagine that for someone who’s been chosen to be America’s shield.” Howard pauses, looks back down at his papers. “Kid’s got a good heart. It’s why Erskine chose him. But he can’t switch it off, not like you and me.”
Cursing, Tony trots down the hall. His bag is where he left it, but Carter is not. Nope, Carter is standing next to Tony’s bag, looking through the file Tony snuck out of the archives.
The man laughs. In his previous body, a sharp word and what Tony calls his Disappointed Captain Stare would be enough. In this one, Steve twists, jams his shoulder into the creep’s middle, and ruins a beautiful window flower box when he dumps the guy into it.
“That’s the point, Steve. What people see is a woman humiliating a man who thinks it’s okay to harass women. I know it’s uncomfortable and flawed, because you’re not a woman—”
But when Tony had opened his eyes, Steve was there. He’d been so still, and Tony could almost see the fury in him, bright like the sun off his shield. When Steve had seen Tony was awake, he’d left the room without a word. He returned 10 minutes later, then sat back down, eyes focused somewhere else.
Tony stuffs his hands into his pockets and rocks back on his heels. “Yeah? And your smart mouth and stubborn streak were additional side effects?”
Tony lets out a breath he didn’t realize he was holding. When he turns around, Howard is watching him.
“Have you done this before?” Tony asks, because he’s trying to be better about boundaries and communication.
Tony wonders for a wild moment if he’s experiencing heat stroke. It’s already a hot day. He steps forward, ducking into the shade of the tent, and gets a better look at Steve.
“Man after my own heart,” Tony laughs, pulling the tablet back. “There’s more of them, you know. All different songs. ‘I Love It,’ a few P!nk songs. Figured you’d rather skip the one to LMFAO’s ‘Sexy and I Know It.’”
“You think I let just anyone live here? You, Romanov, Barton, Banner, Thor? You’re all just the right mix of insanely-private-plus-a-death-wish for us to live harmoniously.”
“About the size of it,” Steve says. His shoulders go back. “Here’s what we’re gonna do. Wait until Loki comes back and see if we can grab him. Thor, you go to Asgard as planned. Find out everything you can about reversing this spell and potential side effects and meet us back here in three days. We can’t risk you off-world longer than that when we don’t know if this spell will eventually knock me down. Clint, you’re on keeping S.H.I.E.L.D. out of this. Tony, I need you to address my new uniform needs and see if you can track Loki. When Bruce gets back, he’s with you. Nat, you’re with me. We don’t take any missions outside of the city if at all possible and if that’s unavoidable, we reassess before we go tearing off. Questions?”
With an efficiency Steve still finds somewhat terrifying, Nat makes sure Clint, Bruce, and Thor all clearly and verbally indicate their intentions to stay on their floors for the evening and how they will not be wandering through the communal entertainment room for any reason until the next morning.
Tony flees down the hall and Steve falls back down onto the couch. He closes his eyes and takes a deep ujjayi breath like Bruce taught him. Cautiously, Steve directs Villager Cap towards the river. There’s a shadow in the water, more log-shaped than fish. Steve sighs, rubbing a hand over his face and tries to muffle his laughter.
Tony can’t argue with that, so he kisses Steve instead. Steve rolls right into the makeout session without so much as a noise of surprise, his fingers gripping Tony’s ass in a way that makes Tony gasp and do some of his own pawing in return.
UNID1: Carter. Grant Carter. Sorry to interrupt. I have an appointment. Well, I think I do, anyway… but if you’re busy—
He can’t look at it too closely, how Steve gave everything and this is the first time he’s ever asked for anything. Even if it is a big ask. Tony sees a flash of him again in that ridiculous getup, standing in the wreck of New York, and all Tony had wanted to do was dip him and give him the Times-Square-victory kiss Steve had never gotten a chance to have.
“I know just the place. They don’t ask any questions,” Nat replies briskly. “But you can’t wear that out. Let’s see if you still fit into your jeans.”
During the low-energy slump of midafternoon, Nat finds Steve, Clint, and Tony in the communal kitchen. Steve and Clint are at the table reading or working, and Tony sits on the floor near the sink, the garbage disposal in pieces around him. “It’s not like I haven’t told Thor he can’t put this much pasta down the disposal,” Tony is muttering while he works. “Jesus, it’s turned into a paste. I’d like to see Mjolnir take care of this.”
“I’ll buy you a participation trophy for this mission, how about that,” Tony offers. “Congratulations. You did your job. Minimally.”
Steve stops and Tony shoots him a puzzled look. He runs his hands over Tony’s shoulders, down his arms, and takes Tony’s hands in his. Steve flips Tony’s hands over, pressing his thumb into Tony’s palms, feeling the hard muscles of his hands, the rough calluses and raised scars from years of work.
This morning, the world is off-balance. Steve draws breaths as deep as his lungs will allow and pulls on his running clothes. He glances at himself in the mirror, feeling that same ripple of surprise he carried for months after Rebirth. This time, Steve knows it’ll be easier if he gets used to the differences, even if the observation that he looks a bit like Peggy these days is knife-sharp. If Peggy were blonde, short-haired, and had shoulders a slightly broader, anyway. His muscles sit differently, but he's still got the serum in his blood.
“You were right about Banner,” Steve points out. “I missed it. I treated him like…well, like a science experiment. A chemical mixture.”
It’s almost overwhelming to have now what he thought he’d forever missed his chance at—again, again—Tony repeating Steve’s name like an incantation. Steve kisses a line along Tony’s jaw until he finds his mouth again, murmuring half-phrases lost in their hitched breaths.
Howard points at Tony. “The agent without a last name who doesn’t know Winston Churchill’s full name will be working on the technology to send me back through time.”
It’s the start of Steve’s day and the end of a multi-day stretch of Tony awake and working. It’s only the end, though, because Steve strolled into the workshop, all distractingly tight t-shirt over lovely lovely shoulders, and asked Tony to come upstairs for an actual meal. If he had ordered, maybe Tony could have resisted.
“I built floors for everyone. Avengers Tower. All the letters but the A fell off anyway—is that a sign from the universe or what? I mean, aside from the portal to the literal universe opening up right above us. Anyway, you have one. A floor. Lack of foresight on my part because I already have several plans to lure you here every night.”
, and Steve had. How Tony kissed him hard, pressing his tongue into Steve’s mouth like he wanted to taste those words himself and Steve gasped,
I really love thinking about what pop culture artifacts Steve would pick up/be given to summarize the past 7 decades. (The War Games reference in Winter Soldier makes me laugh every time.) Seemed like Nora Ephron was a safe bet.
Steve rolls over and layers kisses along the back of Tony’s shoulder, neck, and down his spine until Tony is wriggling under him.
“God,” Tony mutters, looking at the live feed of Howard idly pacing the small room they’ve put him in. “Look at that tie. I can’t believe those were considered fashionable.”
Then Steve is gasping with laughter, beautifully alive, and Tony can only clutch Steve’s forearms as they both struggle to stay upright.
“Neither of us are normal, Steve,” Tony says and it’s a miracle he can string that sentence together when Steve’s palm is flat on his hip.
Tony raises his head from where he’d buried it in his arms on the table. “People love tragic love stories, Steve. Of course everyone knows your last words and first words were about your date with Peggy.”
“At what date will you two demonstrate romantic affection in public?” Thor asks. “I wish to be present and lend my support to your union.”
Wow, everyone! Thank you all for reading and for your comments and kudos. It's very heartening to know people have found joy in this little fic.
Which is what makes it particularly irksome that perhaps the most complete representation of everything Tony’s trying to shake loose from his past now lives a floor below. Even worse, has an extremely fine ass. And that set-his-teeth-in obstinance that made him an American hero? Turns out, that’s how he does friendship, too.
TS: As I was saying. Margaret. Common nicknames for Margaret include Maggie, Meg, Marge, Peggy… and you said she was an agent? Agent Maggie Carter? Agent Marge Carter? Agent Molly, maybe…
Tony makes a point to visit the compound at least once a week. At first, he has an excuse ready. New tech to fit someone for, policies to follow up on, some message from Pepper… but it quickly becomes apparent neither Steve nor Nat want a reason and are always glad to see him. Not long after that, Tony breaks in the small workshop he included in the plans, a ground-floor room that walks out into a sprawling field.
Then he’s nudging Tony’s chin up, and Steve’s mouth is warm against his, kissing Tony like he has all day to pin Tony against this wall and short-circuit his brain.
Tony squints at the collage he’s made of Steve, the notes he’s thumbtacked up and string connecting pictures or phrases. “Digital blueprinting wasn’t working—do you have a point here, Barton?”
“I’m serious. What’s your flag? And we need to get you out of those sweatpants,” Tony says, tapping away again. “Jean cutoffs ought to do the trick. You got a break coming up?”
Steve smiles.  “Tony, about Howard. He was always a good salesman and a showman. If you warranted his attention, you got it. But if you weren’t any use?” Steve shrugs, seemingly unbothered. “He knew me in the early days, before…well, before I really knew how to put up a wall. We were friendly, Tony, but we weren’t
“We’re on a goddamn footbridge in the late afternoon after walking around a park holding hands,” Tony manages, sure his expression is a little wild-eyed. “What is a
Steve rubs a hand across his middle. “They’ll probably fade. Not exactly a precedent for me to look to.”
Steve pulls Tony from the room and doesn’t fully release him until they’re several yards down the hallway.
Steve’s morning runs wind through streets he doesn’t know, mapping out the city familiar and alien all at once. It helps him clear his head from whatever dreams clouded the night before and ground him more firmly in this new century. If he doesn’t rack up at least a half marathon each day, he gets restless and thinks too much.
“Glad to have you with us,” Tony replies. “Why don’t you go on ahead, big guy? See if the spy kids are back from their mission.”
“Ship sailed on that one before I was even defrosted, Tony,” Steve replies and, ignoring Tony’s indignant huff, hefts them both to their feet.
The dance lesson is in an old church, tucked back from the main roads. It’s just a touch shabby around the edges, the gardens tended with love but not meticulous care. The stained glass windows are clean, though there are spider webs in the eaves. Steve loves it immediately.
Tony used to think the old man was paranoid—now, he’s grateful for the foresight. He tucks the taser into a side pocket within easy reach and quietly slips out of his office.
It’s another couple weeks before Tony can drop by Steve’s art class. Clint’s arrows turned out to be explosive, and it took a while for one corner of the workshop to stop smoldering.
Next to him, Nat is nodding as if it’s obvious. She watches the Villager version of Clint, named Lucky, as he explores his new home. An elephant wearing a racing uniform and helmet emblazoned with a giant 3 introduces himself as Big Top and calls Villager Lucky “villain.”
“Shame you missed our tactical meeting about it,” Nat says. “I ran a few options for day-of by Steve before we settled on one.”
His throat is tight, so all Tony can manage is a nod. Steve kisses him again and again, until Tony is dizzy with it, his chest swooping with a feeling better than the first looping flight over the Hudson, better than that deep exhale after
Steve shakes his head as he walks into the shared kitchen. What is it about deadly brunets that knocks him off his feet? Even Tony—
TS: Hate to shatter your illusion of me, but any deep-dive into tabloids-of-Tony-Starks'-past will tell you I've always been a stubborn ass who does what he wants.
There’s always been something about Steve Tony couldn’t quite get a handle on, something just out of reach. It slides into place now and if he were alone, Tony would have laughed bitterly. Where else would there be a blind spot, but the place where they overlap?
Bucky studied him. “No. Something’s different. You’re too…” he paused, as if rolling the words around in his mouth. “Stiff. Boring. Trussed-up show pony.”
His grip is firm and warm and Tony suddenly recalls a flicker of something else in childhood hero. Something he squashed because he wasn’t ready to look at it just yet. Now, it roars to life again, and Tony feels like he’s in the suit, but the balance has been knocked sideways.
“You think that will be more difficult than ‘hey I’m your son from 70 years in the future and also we hated each other’?”
Tony glances over his shoulder, just in time to see Steve storming towards the agents, fury boiling over. Not hit. As much as he’d like to watch Captain America in disciplinary action, Tony knows he has a different priority. He ducks around Steve’s shield, lodged in the wall, scuffed with bullet ricochets.
He likes the classic Nintendo side-scrollers and puzzle games. The first-person shooters were, predictably, not a hit. But what Tony doesn’t expect is how much Steve loves an open-world game. He thinks Steve would play for hours if he let go of his own self-imposed strict schedule once in a while. There’s a soft expression of wonder he only wears when exploring an open-world. It makes the war and years locked away under ice vanish and nearly removes Tony’s urge to smother Steve with a pillow when he talks to every. single. person. in a village before leaving.
Steve loops an arm around Tony and pulls him in. He kisses him slowly, thoroughly, until he feels Tony’s body shiver. Steve pulls back, bumps their noses together. “A
“Uh, yeah,” Tony mumbles, rolling his neck and shoulders. “Feels like it’s all there.” He blinks up at Steve. “Help you with something, Cap?”
He’s just returned from a meeting at Stark Industries, loosening his tie as he walks into the rec room.
I thought a lot about what to do with Steve's pronouns, and I have to thank Wreck and S for talking through what the various choices would mean with me. Because Steve's gender identity doesn't change with the spell, I kept them he/him.
Steve is no different from who he was when he leapt onto that plane in ‘45/a year ago. It’s like he’s settled into himself. Still a smartass who doesn’t know when to back down, but there’s less of a need to prove himself. Howard supposes crashing a plane full of nuclear bombs and alien technology and then saving New York from an alien invasion after waking up 70 years later would feel like proof enough. For now, anyway. Still has his guard up around Howard, treating him with curious but careful warmth. It stings, but Howard swallows it. Why wouldn’t he be guarded, when it’s goodbye forever in a few hours?
Years ago, after Pepper had found Tony working with an early version of the Mark I, she’d made him promise to install an emergency protocol in JARVIS, one that was at Pepper’s standards of emergency, rather than Tony’s. He’d set it off once or twice, like a smoke detector tucked above a kitchen stove. Annoying. Tony had almost torn it out for good a few weeks ago, the warning beep a sharp reminder he and Pepper were off, uncertain if there’d be an on again.
TS: Bullshit. You show up here with a fake identity, trying to flirt your way into accessing records that need Head Archivist approval to view. I don’t think you get to decide what’s better if I don’t know.
“That had better be your only motivation, Nick. If I find anything that suggests more weapons research with things you can’t control—”
“Love’s not a finite source, kid. And there sure as hell are worse things in the world—my world—right now than a person who loves like you.”
“I don’t think they did this in the picture, Tony,” Steve says, remarkably steady even as his stomach shivers under Tony’s palm.
Steve continues: “You can call me sentimental, but I never came around to the will-they-or-won’t-they trope.”
“Of course I like you,” Steve replies, mildly. “Don’t have to be a genius billionaire playboy philanthropist to see that.”
“Speaking of scared shitless.” There’s something brittle in Steve’s eyes, half buried under his usual Captain America battle face. “At least you knew where to find me.”
Tony knows better than to say anything when he finds Nat curled in a corner of the couch with Clint’s Switch, humming along to a familiar tune.
This is a scene that was in the first couple drafts of the 5+1, but ultimately, I cut and replaced it because the scene didn't feel like it was a match, tone-wise.
Steve blinks, pulling his eyes away from the page and finding Tony a few steps into his room. He’s leaning against the wall, dressed in jeans and a long-sleeved shirt that look relatively clean. Not been to the workshop yet, then.
Now, there are loud arguments over whose turn it is to pick the movie (Clint’s) or who ate Clint’s Thai leftovers (Thor, though Steve had his Extra Innocent American Hero face on). Last week, Tony went upstairs for a late lunch to find Nat perched on the back of the sofa and watching the TV with the same assessing stare she reserved for targets. On the screen, an animated raccoon congratulated her on paying off her loan.
“Done.” Bruce pauses. “The game is more fun when you have friends to play with,” he offers as an explanation.
That day on the helicarrier, Loki’s scepter pulling the worst things they thought about one another out into the open—Tony’s eyes had flashed when Steve had opened his mouth and said big man in a suit of armor. Anger, Steve thought at the time. Later, when he knew Tony better, he realized there had been interest there, too. Stronger, when Steve had said,
Tony cuts him off, not interested in hearing Steve’s defense of Fury. Not when he can see Steve’s shoulder has already started to swell. “Is that what I think it is?”
Steve was in the communal kitchen, watching the game from a safe distance while he drank a mug of tea.
As soon as the lights hit him, Steve realizes his mistake. There’s a gasp and some excited murmurs from the audience. But, he’s on the stage now and he’s faced down worse, so Steve keeps his shoulders back and heads towards Tony.
There is a terrible ringing silence and Steve wonders, briefly, if he’s been whacked by his own shield.
“Someone,” Tony says loudly over all of them, flipping the face plate up, “tell me what the hell is going on.”
Steve Rogers looks…well, uncomfortable, but also like he stepped directly out of one of those newsreels. Young, handsome. Not even a hint of frostbite.
It’s too bad he doesn’t get a chance to talk to the rest of their team, Howard reflects. He’d be curious to know how long the two idiots have been circling each other.
One bad day when Steve wants to start running and go until he drops from exhaustion, Tony shows up at his door.
A quick note of thanks to jingjen, whose comment about Steve's, uh, idea of flirting made me laugh and inspired a joke in this chapter.
“No, that’s it,” Tony says, only half-attempting to wriggle away. “I cannot be seen with someone who makes puns—nope, that’s not the Stark Industries brand.”
Poor kid from Brooklyn, Tony remembers as they exit onto the city street. Then a bonds salesman. Then national hero.
A few days after their first lesson, Steve hunts Tony down in his workshop and asks to practice before the next lesson. JARVIS turns on some music at Tony’s request and locks down the workshop at Steve’s.
Steve catches him at it and holds his gaze. Tony tries not to focus too hard on how Steve always seems to see right through him.
“Drown in a pile of papers in your office, I expect. Or forget to eat,” Pepper replies. She glances over her shoulder, then pins Tony with a look. “Tony, what’s going on? Who are these people? You know something, and you’re not telling me.”
“I’m thinking we go retro,” Tony says one day, standing at the edge of it. “Sunken sitting room. You know, like were all the rage in the 1960s.”
Son of a bitch, I thought, and went back to the file drawer where I’d pulled Rogers’s statement. Someone else had been in there. Nothing was missing, I could see that right away, but things were…moved. Shuffled around. Maybe it sounds crazy, but I’m the only one with clearance to get in there and I know how I left things. I took it all with me this time. They’re not supposed to leave the archives but… something’s going on. It’s not a coincidence, Carter showing up here and pretending to know Aunt Peggy. He knows more than he’s saying. I need to find out what that is.
Tony’s mind crows, slinging an arm around Steve’s neck and letting his other go slack at his side. He hopes it looks as good as he thinks it does, two superheroes locking lips in the middle of a half-destroyed Times Square, a giant fuck-you to all the homophobes who think Steve’s one of theirs.
Steve is on his feet when Tony lands. He rolled down an embankment, and there’s one long scrape down right side of his face.
JARVIS directs him to the penthouse balcony. When Tony steps out into the open air, Steve turns. The late afternoon sun catches in his hair, highlights the lines of his jaw and neck.
Steve’s always been full to the brim with sass, a sharp humor Howard recognizes as cultivated to shove back against the world when he was still the little guy. It’s part of what Howard first liked about him, how Steve would mouth off and stand his ground, even if it meant he got beaten into it. Erskine was right when he picked Steve. Rebirth needed someone who knew what it meant to be beaten. What it was like to get back up, spit blood in your enemy’s eye, and not back down for anything.
Tony watches Howard’s face go pale, how his eyes dart to Steve and then away, as if it hurts to look at him.
Steve is laughing before he has a chance to think about it. “Steve,” he says, holding out his hand. “Afraid I don’t have an answer.”
No one’s close enough to hear him, but Tony can still feel some curious gazes on his back. Normally, he’d charm and socialize but normally, he has not also had an uncensored view of Steve Rogers.
“I’m a liability,” Steve interrupts sharply. “The fight is too close, and I can’t do anything with this arm the way it is now.”
Steve draws in a long, slow breath, pressing down his annoyance. Might as well be standing in that bright blue uniform again, a few months into the future and eclipsed by the shadow of Howard Stark every time Tony looked at him.
“Then there’s a SHIELD agent who’s very good at their job.” Tony pauses. “Or your job. Someone’s job. Anyway. Can’t win ‘em all. Besides, if anyone asks for details, we’re covered. Clint already planned our dream wedding. Literal dream. Hey, where’d you get the specs for that farmhouse, anyway?”
Steve jerks his head in a nod. Tony pushes. There’s a pop and Steve’s other hand takes a hunk out of the rock he’s sitting on. He doesn’t make a sound except for his harsh breathing, and Tony feels hate swell in his chest for everyone who taught Steve to be a soldier first.
I knew from my old man’s outbursts that meant the friend didn’t come home from the war. I’m not proud of it, but I was a teenager, and one time when Aunt Peggy was in the other room, I popped the back off that frame and glanced at the back of the picture. Steve Rogers, Camp Lehigh, 1943.
Tony’s sleep hygiene goes through the roof. Pepper is equal parts thrilled and suspicious and therefore, the first one they tell.
Carter actually looks a little embarrassed. “Look, I’m not—I haven’t had a lot of experience actually talking to fellas I might like to step out with, all right?”
Steve is staring at Tony’s uniform of choice when Tony struts up to meet him at the net. His eyes snap up and there’s that challenge Tony likes so much.
Nat leans her hip against the table and folds her arms. “Short of making out in public, I don’t think anyone will make the jump to ‘they’re dating.’ And you’d probably have to be caught a few times for it to stick—never underestimate the power of heteronormativity.”
“Sort it out, Tony. Doesn’t have to be perfect, just something.” Steve smiles as he steps back again. “I'll be here.”
“Then what’s the point? There are no stakes in that.” Tony sighs as he walks over to stand behind the couch. “You’re a disappointment, Rogers.”
“How I look like him,” Tony clarifies. “How much I remind you of him. How proud he’d be—he wouldn’t, by the way, not that it stops people from saying it—of me carrying on his legacy.” Tony bares his teeth in what is supposed to be a grin.
The first opportunity arrives at a press circuit Hill and Pepper had scheduled weeks ago. About halfway through their usual questions, one reporter stands up. He’s new to these briefings, but always asks questions that dig a little deeper than their usual good-PR-fluff.
and that, Tony thinks, is a massive understatement. No one moves to shake his hand and their eye contact is sustained well past the point of casual. The questions they ask feel like there’s a test lurking in how he answers, something with teeth and an open jaw. To top it all off, the room is stifling. His back is slick with sweat after 10 minutes.
“Captain Rogers, there’s been a lot of press coverage recently of you and Mr. Stark,” the reporter begins. “Previous interviews have focused on your working relationship. How would you describe your personal relationship with Mr. Stark?”
Tony leads him through the steps they’ve been practicing, then Steve finds himself in a spin. It’s easy as anything, Tony’s fingers curled into his palm, and the tension in Steve’s chest loosens.
He’s relieved when Howard only nods and follows after Tony. Steve pulls over a stool and sits, watching the two Starks settle in to several hours of work. It’s surreal. Steve remembered what it was like to watch Howard work, and when Tony had first let him into the workshop, it had been so much more. They both liked to show off, but Howard wanted the attention. Tony wanted to share his ideas, talk to people about them, find new ways of looking at what he’d already studied from three different angles. Steve supposes that’s what happens when you go in reverse: weapons technology, then superhero.
“So how does it work?” Tony asks, standing on the other side of Steve’s door and studying him as if he were an interesting bit of tangled wiring.
Tony notices they’re all looking at him. He rolls his eyes. “Oh, come on, don’t tell me I’m getting a collective Avengers shovel talk.”
“You do look a bit like him,” Rogers allows, quietly. “Not a lot. I didn’t know your mother, but I know that’s not Howard’s smile.”
The computer blueprints aren’t helping him work, so Tony gets out a corkboard and starts printing things. Maybe the old-fashioned problem needs old-fashioned problem-solving techniques.
“At some point, you’ll lose patience and tell me,” Steve replies. “Nat’s right, Tony. Nothing about us being together.”
TS: This statement in front of me is about wormholes and traveling lightyears just by going through a doorway. Try me.
“Sure, Tony,” Steve replies with that fond amusement that makes Tony suspect he’s been handled quite neatly.
“Gotta learn sometime. You think Pepper isn’t going to make you take a spin on the dance floor once you’re a regular fixture at the charity events?”
Tony is glad he missed all of that, still recovering his strength and his heart pierced twice over: losing Peter; then, the knee-buckling relief of finding Steve whole at the end of that horrible trip back.
Tony’s back is to the door, but Steve watches his shoulders tighten. The music drops to a level they can talk over. Most likely JARVIS’s doing.
Steve’s answering smile is the rare shy one, and Tony feels a small thrill. Tony brushes some loose paint flakes off Steve’s jaw. Steve glances up and catches Tony’s gaze. Tony is suddenly very aware of his breath, the light sunburn already forming on Steve’s nose, how Steve’s eyes sweep down and back up.
The flip side is Steve is reluctant to initiate contact. He wants to—a person doesn’t have to be a particularly adept Steve-reader to know that. First, it was rudderless in a new century with a pile of changed social mores to learn. After that…well, it’s not something Steve has shared outside of the team, but even he hasn’t yet found the limits of his strength.
Tony gives him a long look, all the while his heart thumping from the sounds of evil henchmen getting closer and the seaglass clarity of Carter’s gaze.
“Let’s move it, old man,” Tony says. “Lots to do today. Wax poetic about the greatest generation on your own time.”
He shucks his gauntlets and sets them aside. Tony presses the heels of his palms into his eyes, grateful for the silence and Steve’s steady presence, as at-odds as they may be right now. The thing was, even if Steve didn’t agree or go along with Tony’s plans, it was because he genuinely thought they weren’t the right ways forward. It sets Tony’s teeth on edge, the inability to compromise, the line in the sand. But then he remembers something Fury shared with him, how Steve had said
Tony spins around, feeling Carter jerk in surprise. There’s a doorway that wasn’t there before. A woman with red hair stands on the threshold, arms at her sides, head cocked.
Tony’s brain screeches to a halt at the implications in that sentence. He opens and shuts his mouth a few times, struggling for a response. Steve waits patiently, still amused, his hand warm on Tony’s hip.
Tony doesn’t know if he should be more offended at the implication or how Steve snaps off a smart salute and brisk “ma’am” to the order.
In the end, Tony Stark does what he’d always meant to do, even before that cave in Afghanistan: he saves the world.
“Well, you really have just the best plans don’t you, Steve?” Tony snaps, while they wait to meet the SHIELD escort and Howard in the workshop. “An unmatched tactical mind.”
“Sure,” Ger chirps. “Lots of folks learn both. Lots just pick a role and stick with it. I mostly follow, but I’m learning to lead now so my girlfriend and I can dance together. Plus,” she leans forward and whispers loudly, “you get to tell people you’re ambi
The sleep he gets after the Battle of New York is fitful, swirling with replays of the battle, the portal, and Captain America’s relieved face above him. Tony is up early the day after, making coffee in the communal kitchen and taking some comfort the team he’d fought aliens with is close by in the guest suites. He’s alone, but not. There’s a kind of peace to it.
The last door is locked. Tony glances down the hall to make sure it’s still clear and reaches for his bag. He has a lock pick kit he carries with him, useful for getting into stuck drawers or chests at estate sales or when Reed gets in something particularly promising.
“I’ve loved you for so long, too,” Tony will tell him only when they’re both on the edge of sleep. “Wasn’t much of a home before you came in, dripping salt water and ice everywhere.”
“You are distracted; else you’d never have let that hit land.” Thor nods at Steve’s abdomen. “You protect yourself well there. I assume because it draws the eye in the field.”
“I also frequently make poor decisions.” Tony watches his fingers slip up under Steve’s shirt, find the raised scars from where Barnes tried to kill him. Something delicious happens to Steve’s breath, his grip on Tony’s bicep squeezing. “Lack of impulse control. It’s in my file.”
Steve’s brow furrows, like he’s picking apart the offer in his head. Tony realizes he probably is, that this might feel like another joke Steve lacks the context for.
“Remember that whole thing Nat wrote about you being impulsive? Not just dangerous because you’ve got a high-powered wearable tank. You ever think about what would happen on missions if you fucked a teammate and then blew them off the next day?”
“I—” Tony’s gaze has turned suspicious, but it’s still on Steve. He flaps a hand at a section of the workshop marked off and surrounded with some instruments. “Over there.”
Ger studies Tony for a long moment, then looks around him to Steve. “I’m sorry, I’ve never really been in this kind of situation before. Is it politest to pretend I don’t know who you are or not?”
He expects Steve to look offended and their dynamic on the helicarrier to tumble back into the open. Instead, Steve gives him a half smirk that Tony suspects is humoring him but ceding no ground.
“I can’t believe this,” Tony is still muttering. “You know, if it’d been Romanov, there would have already been a paragraph speculating on when the wedding was—or if it’d already happened.”
“I do worry, but I trust you more. You don’t need me to worry about you. You just need someone who will be there when you call. Or even before you think to.”
Over the course of the next few months, each tabloid cover is replaced with a similar drawing. Tony never catches Steve making the trades. There’s no pattern he can detect. JARVIS, the traitor, apologizes for not having the footage of the front hall saved.
Steve tries to keep Howard’s attention on him and away from Tony. Away from the repulsors Tony has tucked in his back pocket. Steve is sure there must be a safety on them because Tony is usually responsible when there's risk to others, but he really can’t help checking there’s nothing wrong every so often. Besides, Steve had bossed Tony into an arm sling after they'd narrowly prevented a disastrous time paradox and if something does go wrong, Steve needs to be ready to help.
“Too exhausting to pretend otherwise.” Then, before he can bite down on the words and keep them from escaping: “You know I’d come get you if I knew where you were. Soon as I got back.”
He doesn’t even mind the day Tony grabs him by his uniform’s harness and flings him ten stories to pull open some twisted metal they can’t demolish for risk of the building collapsing on top of them.
“Is this really the time to discuss this?” Rhodes interjects and the resignation in his tone kicks the air from Steve’s lungs.
God, he misses her, Steve realizes. The stubborn fury in her set mouth, what a crack shot she was, how she could change the gravitational pull in a room if it suited her purposes.
Tony scowls at the door a minute longer, then turns to face Steve. He’s taken the Captain America helmet off and runs a hand through his hair. The cut he favors these days makes him look more settled into the 21st century. Tougher. Tony spares a moment to remember the softness of the Cap who just woke up…irritating as he was most of the time. Steve looks back at Tony, his face open, but Tony knows him too well not to see the tension coiled in his body.
Steve, with all the well-trained accuracy of a Special Ops Super Soldier, throws a towel in Tony’s face.
“Oh. Well, that’s… thanks.” Tony clears his throat. “So. You want an escort home one of these evenings?”
Thank you all for reading and for your comments and kudos! I promise to reply to comments individually soon. It's just been real busy here, and I've got enough spare brainpower to edit/proofread but not much else.
It was the start of a friendship that didn't make much sense, but few things in Steve's life did. He sleeps through the night more often than not these days, the low hum of the Tower a comfort. On a good day, Steve can linger in that pre-War Brooklyn apartment again.
Two SHIELD Agents escort Howard to the door of the workshop, then wait outside. Howard walks in alone. He saunters over and clasps Steve’s shoulder warmly in greeting.
“Never in question,” Tony replies. “Tell me, Captain, how often do you loom threateningly over street harassers while on your morning runs?”
Statement of Dr. Jane Foster, regarding some unusual red smoke. Statement given November 8, 2013. Statement recorded by Anthony Stark, Head Archivist of the Usher Foundation, April 30, 2014. Statement begins.
Tony disappears into adjusting the uniform for Steve, based on JARVIS’s scans and what he remembers about the uniform sitting on Steve’s body. He starts from scratch, putting his hopes on Steve needing his old uniform again soon.
It’s a lovely, sweet kiss—perfectly polite, Steve’s palm supporting Tony’s neck and his other arm firm around Tony’s middle. Curious what a less-polite kiss might taste like, Tony presses up, licks along Steve’s bottom lip. Steve makes a surprised noise. He shifts his weight, and they’re both on their feet much too soon for Tony’s liking.
I used to like gender and/or sex swap fics when I was younger, but the gender essentialism and heteronormativity these fics* tend to reinforce upset and alienate me. I’ve always wished for one that was more about the fluidity of gender or imperfect/inexact gender identities. What if no identity feels quite right? How do you understand yourself when the language is lacking? What can we learn about a character who actively engages with or reflects on their gender in a way they haven’t had to before? (If you know of fics that do this, please let me know! I’d love to read them!)
TS: Anyway, enough with the bleak. What brings you to my humidity-controlled cave with no natural light?
“Okay, okay, pick a different metaphor then.” Tony waves a hand, then looks thoughtful. “I kinda want to dip you.”
“Tony,” Steve moans, pulling Tony back to this bed, this tangle of sheets, Steve a pulsar star under his hands. “God, I’ve loved you for so long—if I’d only told you everything—”
Steve wants to retreat again, pull Captain America down like a mask and empty out everything that is Steve Rogers. He’s too full sometimes, two lifetimes lived already and another in progress. How many versions of him will there be before one sticks for good?
“Dancing. The thing where you move your feet, except it’s faster than walking and slower than running.”
“If that’s not a comment on the decline of practical first aid education, I don’t know what is,” Clint says. “Maybe you should make another PSA, Steve.”
He’s agreed to play the video games Tony recommends, potentially just to humor him. Tony doesn’t care because this means he’s won and can add another little tick mark on his side of the mental scoreboard. Even if Steve insists he’ll play
“Thanks, Tony.” Steve folds his arms, leans one hip against a table. “You can come by some time. To the class.”
“You would,” Tony mutters. “You had your own musical number that ended with you punching out a pure evil world power.”
“It’s just…something that happens,” Bruce says, making soothing gestures with his hands. “It’s how the game works. Sometimes the neighbors leave—for new adventures.”
Steve is staring at him over the top of his coffee mug. Tony blinks. Steve puts his mug down on the counter, then calmly crowds Tony up against the wall. Tony’s breath catches as Steve leans in close, and he realizes he has completely lost control of the situation.
It’s an open wound, this future business. Steve loves so much of it—the food, the art, the movies. How people love and fight for one another just as fiercely as they always have. The piles of words to say who you are, who you love, and how Steve had, for the first time, understood the pieces of himself he hid away in the name of survival. But it hurts, too. Everything a reminder of what is lost to him forever, what he would lose if there was a way back again. Man out of time, man between times.
He clamps down on that thought and shoves it away. No time, Rogers. Have your existential crisis later like the grown-ass adult you are.
Deborah Sampson has long fascinated me, and if you don't know her, I suggest reading more! Her lecture tours are probably my favorite part of her history.
“Ah,” Steve murmurs, catching Tony’s arm just above the elbow before he can wriggle away. “But I’ve never announced my home address on television to a known terrorist and
Steve shrugs. “I’ve been fighting for something my whole life—to stay alive, end HYDRA, stop an alien invasion, learn my way around a new century. What’s another battle, especially if it’ll help someone else have an easier way?”
“Sure. Explains the—” and Tony motions at the scene in front of them. “Really? Relaxing? After Thor’s response...” he shrugs.
“Made for a good front-page shot, though. Our children’s children will thank us. Safely preserving for future generations the ass that would make anyone salute and sign up to defend Earth.”
Clint is silent for a brief moment, then: “point to Steve. So, Loki: going to get up close and personal.”
“Are you asking me if knowing my good sides and aiming them at people was part of the coordinated efforts to fight HYDRA?”
“Making sure I’ve got the colors right,” she replies, capping the bottle. Her nails are matching red and gold.
Steve Rogers is his type, full stop. Now, there’s a semi-murderous god out there, most likely planning his Steve seduction tactics—a win/win for Loki, Tony knows, remembering his muttered “it never bothered you before” and knowing look at Tony and
Bruce sits on the bench, wrapped up in a quilt. Nat presses against his side, chin tucked over Bruce’s shoulder. They’re both looking down at a Switch.
Steve earned his reputation as a master strategist for a reason, Tony will remember later, and he can outplay even the forward-thinking chaotic-good futurist Tony Stark.
Tony hands Steve a box. Steve opens it after a suspicious glance at Tony and freezes when he sees what’s inside.
“Fury mentioned that. He also mentioned Howard worked on replacing Erskine’s serum for the rest of his life. I have my doubts about his intentions.” Rogers pauses, studying Tony. “Is that what you wanted to hear?”
Statement of Captain Steven Grant Rogers, regarding some mysterious doorways. Statement given via letter dated February 3, 1945, addressed to former Head Archivist, Roderick Usher. Statement recorded by Anthony Stark, Head Archivist of the Usher Foundation, April 25, 2012. Statement begins.
“It’s really not fair you’re impossible to hate, Steve,” Tony mutters one day, three months into their Avengers Tower experiment.
“We’ll make small talk about our favorite foods and childhoods,” Tony says. “Carefully avoid the topics of religion and politics until date two or three.”
“How dare you, Agent Romanov,” Tony hisses, the suit’s modulation giving his voice a crackle on the end. “I am leading this team!”
Howard grins, reckless and young, raising one hand in a mock salute, and for a moment, Steve sees that glimpse of Tony in him again. Then he’s gone.
There’s a surprising level of security in place when he arrives. A guard escorts Tony from the door to the front desk. The receptionist picks up the phone and has a short conversation before smiling at Tony and asking him to “just wait over there, please. Miss Fontenot will be with you shortly.”
There’s a beat of silence before Liz laughs, delighted. “I’d be an idiot to turn down that offer.” They hold out a hand. “Liz. I use they and she.”
There’s a pause. “I know I’m not supposed to ask, but.” Howard lifts his hands in a gesture that could mean
“Habit,” Steve replies apologetically. “Does your nametag say ‘light in the loafers’ under your name?”
He doesn’t know when it happens because Steve Rogers is a stealthy bastard but one day, Tony spots a change to his Outlandish Tabloids Hall of Fame. One of the meaner ones is gone, replaced by a framed ink drawing of Tony bent over a table, clearly working on building the Iron Man suit. It’s stylized to look like a comic book cover.
“I’ll tell you after you’ve slept at least eight hours,” Steve assures him as he walks into Tony’s bedroom.
This will be good for him. He’ll meet the living legend face to face and realize Steve Rogers isn’t as handsome or as good as the posters and newsreels claimed. It’s a spin, is all. Bond sales, wartime hope. He can’t have aged well. 70 years in ice is still 70 years.
“Good,” Tony says, and then, like the idiot in front of him with no sense of when to quit or stand down, he steps forward again and kisses Steve on the mouth.
Tony twists and grabs a handful of Steve’s shirt, yanking him into a kiss. They almost overbalance, but Steve braces against the sofa with one hand and hauls Tony into his lap with the other. Tony presses tight against Steve, slides his fingers into Steve’s hair and down his neck, clutches his shoulders. Steve chases Tony’s mouth when they break apart, only vaguely aware of his own breathless, desperate noises, each seeming to make Tony clutch at him tighter.
“And you went well over what was expected of you. When they thought you died on that plane, no one said ‘good, that’s what he owed us.’ You know that. You have the medals they awarded you posthumously.”
Tony is stuck in this workshop making a new uniform for the person he's trying not to think too much about: Steve Rogers, plucked out of time, who burrowed deep into Tony's heart and made his home there.
“What the hell’s going on?” Tony demands. He can’t turn, especially now that Thor’s guard is down. “Steve, tell me you haven’t been turned into a giant frog, and I have to kiss you to break the enchantment. Or a swan and I have to…”
Nat, stirring a mug of tea at one of the few clear spots, raises an eyebrow at him. Steve shrugs. She nods back and understanding passes between them. Over the course of an hour, Clint, Thor, and Bruce drift in and all take up various positions around the room.
“I could give you the whole PSA I did last week if you like.” Steve nods when Tony grabs the bottle. “Thanks for signing me up for those, by the way. I’m sure they won’t join the archive of embarrassing Captain America footage.”
Tony gives him a long look, searching for any sliver of obligation in Steve’s face. “A few minutes, you said?”
Honestly, Tony is surprised the short battle in the park got any coverage. He hadn’t seen any trace of the press there.
Tony is quiet for a few moments, then: “it bothers you, too, doesn’t it, that he has a high-ranking island on accident?”
From the look Steve sends over his shoulder, Tony assumes he is not terribly successful. Steve pushes himself back to his feet and continues into the en suite bathroom.
Tony knows, in some distant part of his brain, that he should probably not be here. That this is not something he should be able to see: this private, unshielded part of Steve Rogers. He should walk away and pretend he wasn’t here, look equally surprised when Steve is surprised to see him in the morning.
“Tell you what,” Tony says, desperate to change the subject. “I’ll make you some arrows that have fireworks. How’s that for shooting stars?”
Captain Rogers’s sketches are included in this file, and they do show three sketches of the oak tree. The fourth is an outline of what I’m assuming is the same tree with a rectangular doorway. The star as Rogers has drawn it appears to be five-pointed and raised.
Steve loops an arm around Tony and pulls him close, pressing tight against the line of his body. He hears the catch in Tony’s breath, can feel his heart speed up. Steve smiles at him, letting the silence stretch between them.
“It seems, sir,” JARVIS eventually concludes, “that Mr. Stark’s memories were wiped when he was pulled back through time to the exact place he left.”
“The best lies have an element of truth,” Carter says, which isn’t really an answer. “Stay here. I’m going to check the perimeter.”
When Steve tucks his chin against his chest, Tony feels warmth bloom in his own, a twist of long-buried attraction unfurling.
Really, Tony reflects, eyes on the white hospital ceiling above him, Pepper being right was what made this all so much worse.
but learned quick enough to keep up with Genius Billionaire Tony Stark and keep Loki's agents off their backs.
“Bruce is looking over your notes and what’s left of the tech. He thinks maybe your DNA got wrapped up in it somehow. The burn.”
“I told you,” Tony says at Steve’s surprised look. “She’s crafty.” He pauses and takes out his phone, tapping it. “JARVIS, remind me to give Ms. Potts a raise.”
Tony goes back and stares at the cover for thirty minutes until he spots the initials hidden in a winding design at the corner: SGR.
“You’re trouble, Stark,” Steve says again, pressing his nose under Tony’s ear—and breathing him in, fuck, this is too much—then kissing along Tony’s throat, under his chin, and murmuring, low and rough: “Take off the suit.”
“I thought you said it was a waste of time. 'Who would want to play a game where all you do is everyday tasks.'”
“Where are you meeting women with shared interests? The historical society? Graduate programs in early 20th century America? Lindy Hop socials?”
There’s nothing in the medicine cabinet except for an unused first aid kit and a single lonely toothbrush. That’s somehow more suspicious than a series of prescription medications—there’s not even ibuprofen.
Steve gives him a look when he hears the familiar guitar riff but hands Tony a plate and settles in next to him.
BR: The one with the Lightless Flame Foundation. Don’t tell me your personal assistant didn’t put it on your calendar.
“Whatever. My point is: you were supposed to find that and have your own little emotional response in private. Or with Nat or Wilson. You know, however you chose to process it, that’s what I’m getting at, okay, just—mmff,” Tony finishes, his mouth full of patriotic uniform. “Ack. Warn a guy, would you?”
Steve strides towards the elevator with extreme purpose, Tony trotting along behind. Then they’re in the elevator and oops, Steve’s pants are open, how’d that happen, except Tony can’t ask, not with Steve kissing him open-mouthed and with an utter lack of finesse that means Tony has successfully short-circuited his tactical brain.
Then Tony throws himself at Steve. Steve laughs into his mouth and they stumble back towards the elevator, somehow making it to Steve’s room without seeing anyone else. Tony hooks an ankle around Steve’s foot and trips him, tumbling them both into the bed.
1940s fake hospital room. Someone who will drag Steve back through what slipped from his grasp when he put that plane in the ocean in ’45. His DNA.
Tony thinks. Steve is right; following the law is light on his list of abilities. The phrase on his shirt is well-known enough that trying to argue this is some kind of permission for people to break the law will make anyone look unhinged. Conservative news outlets have been trying to get Steve as a guest on their shows since he woke up. Steve has said no through Pepper to every one, and they have started to speculate StarkIndustries is persuading Steve—ha—to fall in line with Tony’s political alignments—double ha. This would probably triple the PR department’s workload, but…
The photograph splashed across the front page wins numerous awards and makes the career of the college student who’d taken it while photographing their friends at the festival. Tony buys a large print and hangs it up in Stark Tower’s lobby.
Howard doesn’t break his stare. Neither does Steve. The difference is, Steve’s is soft around the edges. As if a line in the sand is a statement of fact, not an attack.
Nat crouches and uses her momentum on the hardwood to slide around the corner. Tony pauses at the corner and raises his left hand, gauntlet whining as it gathers power. Suddenly, Steve’s hand clamps around his wrist and yanks down.
“You never mentioned it, so I thought you didn’t anymore. After the whole thing with the outlandish tabloids—don’t look so surprised; I found where you tried to hide your initials—anyway, I started looking through the boxes in the vault. Meant you to find this later,” Tony explains. “After we do the whole team-bonding-when-not-part-of-the-team thing—”
Tony feels the suggestive curl in his grin and knows it’s a risk, but it’s all worth it for the way Steve’s eyes flash in return.
“I see, this is mutiny,” Tony mutters after his squirming does nothing to dissuade Steve. In fact, most insulting of all, Steve easily picked up a pair of Tony’s shoes and a light jacket on their way out. “You’re all conspiring against me.”
Steve stares hard at Tony, his expression carefully neutral. “Either way, I lose something I’m not willing to give up.”
Steve gives Tony a considering look. He walks forward calmly, not breaking stride as he plucks the half-empty glass from Tony’s hand and finishes the milkshake, gaze still fixed on Tony. Steve leans forward and Tony sucks in a sharp breath, then squeezes his eyes shut, mortified, when Steve sets the glass on the table behind him. Of course he wouldn't—just because Steve is bisexual doesn't
Steve loosens his hold, but doesn't drop his hands. Tony leans back far enough to lift the faceplate.
Tony disappears into the workshop as soon as they return to the Tower, and Steve decides the smart thing is to let him have space. A tactical retreat.
“They’re closing up now. I’ll show you my work another time, if you come by earlier.” Steve leads him out, still smiling.
“Oh, come on, take a break Captain Workaholic,” Tony exclaims, poking Steve in the chest. “You know, the world won’t end just because you don’t know the catalyst for the Vietnam War—yeah, I poked around your bookshelf last week, don’t look so surprised. Listen,
“Front of the house has to be formal, you know,” she says, “but the miss always feels so beauty queen to me, and I’ve had enough of those.”
Carter leads him through residential streets and yards, doubling back on occasion. Sometimes, he stops Tony with a hand on Tony’s chest, and Carter goes very still, listening. Tony can’t ever figure out what he hears—if anything—but he nods as if satisfied every time before they continue. After nearly half an hour of this, Carter leads Tony through an iron gate and up a sprawling garden path to a small bungalow. Inside, it’s cool and Tony winces at the sweat chilling on his skin.
Tony gets used to Steve’s presence, so he notices when Steve’s not there. The search for Barnes is infrequent and crackling with dead ends. Tony asks JARVIS to track when Steve’s not in the workshop. Which is not weird. It makes sense; what if he disappears on one of his searches that are always suspiciously light on the details?
Tony would tell him he’s too tightly-controlled, but Steve doesn’t have the luxury of another way of living. He turned himself over to his country nearly 70 years ago, expecting to die in the fight. Instead, he survived. Found himself on a team with another Stark, this one looking at him with the same expression Steve has seen him give a burned out gauntlet or a schematic of a prototype that doesn’t work quite right. Steve used to be focused on not fidgeting or snapping at him. Now, Steve feels his breath catch when he remembers those looks. What has Tony been seeing that Steve didn't even realize he was giving away?
It wasn’t atypical for Tony to spend days in the lab before one of them went downstairs to haul him out. Bruce, sometimes, if it’d been less than 24 hours and Tony’s reasoning could still be mostly followed. More frequently, it was Steve, who could carry Tony should it be necessary (often) or if there was a scenario in which someone had to pry open a robot’s grip so Tony could wiggle free (current count: 5).
The want prickles along Tony’s skin, but then he remembers the news cycle: helicarriers in the Potomac; SHIELD’s secrets hemorrhaging onto the internet; HYDRA; Steve and Nat unaccounted for until—
“It says here you two were out on cleaning duty,” Clint offers, reading over Steve’s shoulder. “Just bros being bros, giving dudes a lift home.”
The Iron Man suit surrounds him a few minutes later, Nat, Clint, and Thor on its heels. Nat throws Steve’s shield in a curving arc, Tony tumbling backwards into the air to give Steve cover when he darts up to pluck it from the sky.
When Tony wakes up, disoriented, he thinks JARVIS has let Steve into the workshop anyway. There’s someone standing in front of his corkboard brainstorming session, arms folded over his chest. He turns when Tony sits up, and Tony sees it’s Clint. Not Steve.
The crowd screams even louder. Steve is wearing a pair of swim trunks that fit well over his hips and thighs. They're patterned in the same red and gold as the Iron Man armor. Tony’s eyes sweep up over Steve’s bare chest and meet Steve’s gaze just as Steve puts on a StarkIndustries ballcap.
He goes through two reinforced punching bags, but the clawing in his chest is still there. Steve gives up, changing into his civilian clothes and shrugging into one of his leather jackets. He gets on his motorcycle and just goes, no direction in mind. There are some country highways he turns down, following switchbacks and sharp turns until its forest thick around him. He stops on a narrow dirt turn-off, opens his mouth, and lets everything he’s been feeling come spilling out.
Carter smiles at him and not for the first time, Tony sees a flicker of something dangerous in Carter. He holds the file out to Tony, who snatches it away.
“I wouldn’t ask unless there wasn’t another choice,” Fury says finally, an edge of apology in his voice. “This is our only play. When he’s ready, bring Stark with you.”
The last few months have been different, though, something changing in the delicate lacework of their relationship. Steve's noticed it, too. More than once, Tony caught Steve watching him with a speculative look, as if Tony held the answer to the last questions about settling into the 21st century.
Tony sulks in the workshop for near a week before Steve walks in one afternoon and comments on what a beautiful day it is before looping an arm around Tony’s middle and carrying him outside like he weighs nothing.
“This was the best SHIELD had? I can point out six reasons why this is the wrong material for you just from first glance. What kind of amateur hour are they running over there? I mean, look at how easily it tore right here—you can’t have a uniform for Captain America tear like—”
He’d had plenty of turns with men before the war and during. But this world is still new and Tony is…surprising. He keeps finding the cracks in the walls Steve put up, slipping through like he’d always been welcome on the other side.
“Really gotta work on your talking points,” Tony says and points every weapon in the suit at Loki. “Stay down if you know what’s good for you.”
“Clint’s grasp of history is to be both admired and feared,” Tony replies. “Never took you for the street festival type.”
“That village you liberated with the Howling Commandos, the one in Burgundy. You brought back something they’d given you as a thank-you.”
It is, but maybe only because they spent time together in a war when there wasn't much time for polite introductions and outings before one of you (Steve) was hauling the other (Howard), bleeding, out of a building collapsing under a Hydra weapon assault.
Later, Tony will pin Steve to the shower wall while the water curls steam around them and say, “let go, Steve,” and that’s when Steve finally lets free the great, shuddering sobs that have been caged in his chest since they came back to the landing pad and Clint fell to his knees.
Everyone, Tony suspects, has wondered how Captain America kisses. Sweet, close-lipped kisses, all tenderness and protection. A snooze. What people forget is it’s Steve Rogers under that cowl of propriety. A scrappy kid from Brooklyn who had plenty of lessons on life being tragically cut short even before Project Rebirth. Who once he had his teeth in something, wouldn’t let it go.
Pepper smiles grimly. “Puts things in perspective, doesn’t it.” She turns and begins rummaging through the cabinets in the kitchenette. “Shall I get the water pitcher and some glasses together while you run that very quick errand I know nothing about, including when you’ll return?”
“South-facing light,” Tony shoots back and with satisfaction, sees the surprise on Steve’s face. “What, you think I don’t know enough about art?”
“Oh come on, Clint,” Nat says, ignoring Tony. “Steve would never agree to an engagement without at least a vibranium ring.”
“Steve, for fuck’s sake. Save the afterschool special, will you? My father—my garbage, neglectful father—has
“If makes you feel any better,” Steve begins, eyes on what he’s doing. “I still don’t know how to find the internet.”
“So you’ve decided to run away to a small island run by a raccoon obsessed with real estate and no competitors?”
If the universe were at all fair, it would have delivered a Howard 30 years older and then Steve could have put on his best Disapproving Captain face and given him decaf coffee “on accident” until Tony figured out how to send him home.
“Date. A very, very public date.” Tony smiles broadly, but there’s an edge of nerves to it. “Up to the task, soldier?”
“Racing games, shoot-‘em-ups. Occasional side-scroller,” Tony says to Steve’s quirked eyebrow. “Do you know what any of those mean?”
Tony stares at the circle, still marked off, where Howard suggested he knew about Tony and Steve, then grinned and saluted before tumbling back through time, not even sure he’d land where he was supposed to. He could ask Steve what they talked about, Tony knows. Steve would probably even tell him.
“It can’t be helped. Stark’s the one that yanked him right out of the past and so Stark’s our best shot at putting this right.”
He lets Tony sulk and hide for five hours, calculating that after that amount of time, Tony will be 1) hungry, 2) in need of coffee, and 3) through his loudest rotations of Black Sabbath, AC/DC, and Metallica. If he’s lucky, by the time Steve gets downstairs with a sandwich and cup of coffee, it’ll be Pink Floyd blasting.
“Steve,” Tony starts, so gently that Steve feels something like fear settle in his chest. “You can want things. You can hate things. You’re not—you don’t have to be everything to everyone. Especially at the expense of yourself.”
“You know I think that would be best,” Tony manages in a strangled voice just before he grabs Steve’s face and yanks him down into a kiss.
After that, Steve spends more time with Tony, usually reading in an old wing-back chair he’d found somewhere in storage.
“Compact and self-directed,” Steve corrects. “Took a lot of orders in my life, Tony. Still do. Not sure I want it here, too.”
The gala seemed like a great idea, but that was before Tony considered just how good his tailor is and just how much of a thirst trap Steve Rogers is when he cleans up. Tony makes it through his usual duties on autopilot and then he’s excusing Steve from a conversation with a perfectly lovely—too lovely—young woman and hustling him into the limo and Steve is pinning him with that knowing look, god damn it, so Tony pushes him back into the seat and licks open Steve’s mouth until he’s panting and clutching at Tony and probably—hopefully—forgot whatever smart-ass comment he was winding up.
He takes a nap on the lumpy sofa, directing JARVIS not to let Steve in the workshop without his say-so.
There will be more engagement with gender, sex assigned at birth, gender fluidity, and so on once the fic gets going. The first chapter is primarily setup. I have OCs of various gender identities in future chapters to give this narrative more complexity re: gender identity and what it looks like for individuals. The purpose here is to avoid making any kind of implication that everyone has the same experience and avoid implying that there are set rules of how to be genderfluid, transgender, nonbinary, and/or all other gender nonconforming identities.
“To hell with this,” Tony says, and fires a wide arc of repulsor beams through all remaining Lokis, scanning to find the one that crashes backwards instead of vanishing.
He hears the slick whisper of Steve’s shield through the air and the smooth thunk of it ricocheting back. The problem is, the Lokis just keep coming, more of them appearing even as he, Steve, and Thor mow them down.
GRANT CARTER (former designation UNIDENTIFIED VOICE 1/UNID1): I didn’t realize you had an assistant.
“In the Arctic. A few miles from the North Pole, and under a lot of ice,” Steve’s voice says from behind Tony. He tugs his shield from the wall, brushing away the dust and plaster. “Or so they tell me.”
“No.” Steve hesitates. “We should find a place for Bucky. Temporarily—not the compound,” he says as he opens the door.
Steve snorts a laugh and rolls, pressing Tony into the mattress and hitching Tony’s legs up around his waist. “I can be very persuasive.”
“Aside from the part where one is here? Now?” Tony folds his arms, resolutely ignores the little voice telling him he’s pushing too hard, that Steve doesn’t deserve this suspicion. He can’t stop himself, not when—
“They just don’t teach kids bargaining like they used to. Well, you’re always welcome back down here.”
He has just enough time to see the stunned expression on Steve’s face before Tony is on him. Steve’s back thumps into a wall and his hands come up automatically to break Tony’s grip, then waver. This isn’t a fight. Steve knows it.
“I shouldn’t have,” Tony manages, voice thick, forehead pressed against Steve’s. “God, I—I never should have let you walk away from me. Whatever the cost.”
It’s a beautiful shot, Iron Man and Captain America framed in the center, the colors of their uniforms complementing each other. Whoever it was had been close enough to get the expression on Steve’s face. He’s laughing at something Tony said, the wind sweeping his hair back. With the faceplate down, there’s no way to see Tony’s face, but the helmet is turned toward Steve, tilted slightly as if whispering a joke to him. Tony has been caught in various states of undress or rock bottom by the paparazzi since he was a teenager, but the intimacy of this shot shocks him.
Steve just smiles, stepping into Tony’s space. “I figured that’d be your territory. What with the suit.”
He tries bringing it up to Steve the next morning, but all Steve says is “sounds like a mystery, Tony,” and smirks into his coffee mug.
“Oh, are we going to revisit how you let me believe for a full week that ‘debugging’ meant wiping the insects off your armor?”
He presses his hands down Tony’s sides and slips his fingers under the hem of Tony’s shirt. Tony surges forward, his body tight against Steve’s. Steve shifts backwards, nearly lifting Tony off his feet—too late he remembers,
“It’s kiwi fruit, Steve. You can’t walk into a juice bar without tripping over one.” A pause. “You’ve never been to a juice bar, have you. Unbelievable. What the hell was SHIELD doing with you before Fury threw us all together and hoped we wouldn’t kill each other?”
Brock has been worse than useless finding other statements that mention Rogers; I don’t know what he’s doing working here. Perhaps he knew someone at the top and squirmed his way into a role far above his qualifications.
Tony blinks. “Sure, Cap. I’m not much of an art guy, though, more…” And here he circles his arms to encompass the workshop littered with machinery and blueprints. “You know.”
Steve’s hand closes over Tony’s wrist and he pulls him close. “That’s my line,” he says and then Tony promptly loses twenty minutes to exploring hypotheses about Steve Roger’s kissing technique and also his biceps.
“One question,” Tony says, turning around when he steps inside the elevator. “You really wouldn’t be upset if I signed you up to pose nude for a calendar? Be honest with me.”
They all agree, though Tony can tell it’s with a great deal of skepticism. He doesn’t care—as long as he gets to show Steve his day-of choice in front of the crowd… and if Steve reacts in a way that’s just not platonic, oops, oh well. Guess the tabloids will have to acknowledge them as a couple, then.
“Because,” Steve says on a harsh breath. “If we don’t, then I’m going to fuck you on the floor of this limo instead of in your absurdly oversized bed.”
give in response, because Steve has only leaned back to brace himself against the counter. Tony shivers when Steve’s hands grip his ass, hitch him closer. Then his mouth is on Tony’s again, his teeth catching Tony’s lip, a reminder of the sharp edges Steve keeps carefully hidden. Tony wants to clutch at Steve’s collar, his shoulders, touch until the mask falls away and he can see those parts of Steve that are warm and complicated.
There’s a spike of shame and fear and Tony ducks away, hyper vigilant of Howard’s presence. He tries not to see Steve’s reaction and mumbles: “flesh wound.”
Steve sighs. “I’m obviously a liability in the field. We don’t know how this spell works or if something else might change. It could be dangerous.”
“Aye,” Thor acknowledges, watching the game closely. “It seems a snail’s pace to your usual forms of virtual entertainment.”
“My body is just a body.” Steve pauses. “Okay, my body is a special case, but what is there to be ashamed of? It gets me around. Better than I ever thought it would. It’s… a gift.”
“You shouldn’t be trying to after it’s back in the socket, anyway,” Tony snaps back. “The serum isn’t that good.”
“So,” Tony says and is surprised at how steady his voice is. “Just kept wearing the same size shirt, huh?”
Howard shrugs. “Whatever’s left in the ice box. Unless you’re planning to send me home with leftovers like good future hosts not on rations.”
Throughout the fic, I'll be using language like "assigned female at birth" and "lived experience as a woman."
“Howard Stark was a brilliant scientist and changed your life. He was also a terrible father. With him dead, you and Tony were able to compartmentalize.” Nat shrugs. “Now, elephant in the room.”
In the first few months on tour, Steve woke up in a new hotel room every morning. There was a pocket moment between sleep and fully awake when Steve could wind back to that Brooklyn tenement. Just before his ma rose to scrape together a breakfast. Then the tour manager banged on his door and Steve slammed back into this body given to him, still unfamiliar. Guilt layered thick and gnawing in his chest.
“Anyway,” Tony clears his throat. “Get it out of your system so I can leave and we don’t have to speak to each other again.”
Nat had told Tony a lot of things he wasn’t sure he was supposed to know. Steve throwing himself into SHIELD operations with little care if he survived. How Thanos had punched Steve once, and the breathless terror when, for the first time in his life, he’d stayed down. Steve, the fight knocked out of him for weeks after they returned from Knowhere.
TS: [quietly] I bet not. [to GC] Well, we can extrapolate some potential nicknames or aliases based on the data you’ve presented.
Figures, Tony thinks to himself with an eyeroll. He always did get it bad for blonds who saw right though his bullshit.
“You liar. I know for a fact you would have picked a fight with some bruiser beating up on someone not-his-own-size.”
Steve laughs, head thrown back. The joy lights him up, and Tony feels a twinge of pleasure at being the source of it.
Tony props his chin up on a hand. “Depends. Hypothetically-speaking, how would you feel if I’d signed you up to pose for an Avengers-themed calendar that benefited charity? Without any clothes on. You, I mean, posing.”
“Believe it or not, Tony, sex was invented before 1945,” Steve says with a grin that makes anticipation twist low in Tony’s gut. “I know my way around.”
“The Captain was a warrior first, even before your science blessed him with strength to rival my own,” Thor interrupts. “And therefore not a match for your theoretical meditations.”
Tony can hear the scrape of Steve’s shield as he gets to his feet. Tony checks his own comm link. Steve’s voice is clear enough but pitched wrong.
I am so psyched there are people out there who are down to follow me on the wild ride of this Magnus Archives & Avengers fusion. Thanks so much for reading, y'all. I hope you enjoy this next chapter when things start to get moving <3
It’s a rare thing to have the Tower to himself, what with having five roommates and another set of four people who cycle through almost daily. Steve likes the pulse of the Tower and the city below, even if some people look skeptical when he says so. They tell him they figure he would prefer the quiet, what with his background and how loud this century is. Steve smiles politely and changes the subject, because it’s not good manners to bring up Brooklyn tenements or trenches, the stillness that creeps into your bones just before gunfire and shells.
“Spin,” Tony commands, and Steve does. “You’ve got a great ass, Steve, but you’d never know it in that uniform SHIELD designed for you. Now, people can know.”
It takes only one step to press into Tony’s space, and Steve is tipping his head back and kissing Tony like he’s always been doing it. Tony’s lips part under his and Steve pushes, to hell with politeness and waiting. Tony grabs handfuls of Steve’s shirt at his shoulders and pushes back, the kiss not elegant or smooth, but a desperate, burning thing, made so by years of wanting. They’re in the hallway just beyond Steve’s door and Tony is already tugging at Steve’s belt. Years ago, Steve might have worried who might see them. But that was before being on the run with a stubbornly silent phone, before the sharp-edged weeks when he waited to see if a spaceship would return with a pile of dust or Tony, before Tony had pressed extremis into his hand, the metaphor too obvious for even Steve to ignore.
“You need to sleep,” Steve tells him, striding for the door. “For a full night. Without making government surveillance files for the villagers on your island. Who are fictional.”
“Bisexual means two or more,” Tony says, hooking his arm through Steve’s. “No limit. It’s perfect, Steve.”
Miss Fontenot turns out to be a woman in her mid-thirties wearing a pantsuit Katharine Hepburn would have swooned over. She insists he call her Daphne.
“YouTube,” Steve says with a smile. “Sometimes I think if I’ve gotta watch another S.H.I.E.L.D.-mandated documentary on what I’ve missed, I’m liable to find myself another ice nap.”
Fury’s eyes flicker to Tony too quick for Howard to notice. He mutters something even Steve can barely hear, a sentence with
Steve, post truly spectacular sex, shuffles to the edge of the bed, stands, and takes two steps before becoming better acquainted with the floor. Tony sits up, surprised and—if he’s really honest—deeply amused, staring at Steve’s sprawled form in the dim room.
“Think there might be more to it than that this time, slugger.” Howard makes a note. “He gets like that when he loses a man.”
“Figured you’d be more of a hot tub man,” Steve says dryly from the other side. “Given your reputation for entertaining.”
“Yep. Nice flowers, though. You should see if you can collect seeds from them. Avengers collectibles or something in-game. Marketing or PR opportunity. Distract the press.”
“You tell me. Couldn’t stop talking about you when I was growing up and now with this”—Tony flaps his arms to take in the workshop, the half-finished machine on the worktable—“I half-expected him to greet you by shoving his tongue down your throat.”
The elevator doors open and Steve backs Tony through the penthouse to the bedroom without hitting anything—okay, maybe the tactical brain is still present, but Tony can’t complain—and once they’re inside, Steve shoves Tony up against the closed door.
“Well, what’s normal?” Steve sighs with another wry smile. “Family, friends? A home to go back to? Didn’t have much of that before—seem to have done all right in the 21st century.”
Close to an opposite doorway, Clint perches on a counter, watching with barely-contained amusement. His bow and arrows are on his back. He also came at a run, thinking they were under attack.
It’s only the months training and fighting together that let Tony see it: how Steve’s weight rolls to his right, ready to get between Tony and a threat.
Weeks after the six of them assemble into a team, New York is still a mess. There’s only so much catch-up reading Steve can do before he feels like he’s back in the ice, pressed flat under the weight of how much there is to learn. Going to a museum is tricky. Although most are keeping atypical hours to work around the cleanup, Steve gets recognized now. He barely remembers losing his cowl during the scuffle in the bank, and there’d been a front-page photograph of him in the New York Times a week later. His back to the camera, face turned to look over his left shoulder. People being led to safety behind him, the shield angled just so. It was a remarkable shot.
“JARVIS?” Steve calls as he walks into the kitchen, tossing aside his button-up shirt in favor of wearing just a t-shirt and jeans while he cooks.
There’s plenty of weird shit to deal with after an alien invasion like “How Does One Dispose of Alien Remains Without Poisoning the Water” and “Wow Insurance Companies Are Really Not Equipped for This,” but Tony suspects that “Steve Rogers is Actually Very Funny” probably shouldn’t be as close to the top as it is. They’ve been spending a lot of time together recently. Steve offers to help with cleanup and Tony’s definitely not going to say no to someone who can carry a couch up flights of stairs by himself.
“You’re a very bad man,” Tony informs him, finally free of the suit and crossing the distance between them.
Tony huffs and makes quick work of his own clothes. He jumps when Steve cups his cheek, kissing him slow and deep until Tony is sure this is what swooning feels like. When Tony opens his eyes, his gut twists. Steve is looking at him—all of him, studying Tony like he wants to memorize every line and shadow, the awful clutches of scars. He must make a noise or shift uncomfortably because Steve’s hand is on his cheek again.
She laughs. “It’s all right. For most people, it’s a bit of a shock. It’s tricky for students initially, too, but Steve is so at ease, it really helps the class concentrate on their work.” Daphne smiles. “He’s been very generous with his time.”
“Yes, I’m afraid he’s always had a flair for the dramatic. Family trait,” Thor replies with a trace of a self-deprecating smile. “It is my understanding these experiences are not unlike Stark’s childhood. The expectation to rule, a distant father. Yet, he still keeps his own counsel at times.”
*Except villains who are already horrible people, like the Cabal or the Wrecking Crew, when they inevitably show up to fight the Avengers.
Tony pushes his tablet across the table and taps play on a video. A gentle melody plays. That creep from this morning is yelling at a woman about 5’10” in running gear. Her shoulders are rolled back; her stance ready for a fight.
I’ve lost track of it now, but I once read a compelling case for why cisgender people benefit from active reflection on gender identity. Even if the end result is, “yep, this gender identity still feels right,” it’s still that chance to accept what serves you and let go of that which does not. I'd like to see more of that self-reflection in general.
Tony swivels around in his chair. “You could have a life with Peggy,” he points out, ignoring how the thought makes his gut swim. “You don’t want that?”
“Jesus, Steve,” Tony gasps. “Do you have any idea—I want to keep you in bed for a week and just see how many different sounds you make when I’m touching you. Where I’m touching you.” He cups the back of Steve’s neck and his smirk sends a shiver through Steve. “What I’m touching you with.”
“Steve,” Tony says, his fingers bunching in Steve’s shirt. “Jesus, you touch me and it’s like flipping a switch.”
“Okay, fine, it wasn’t my best line, but give me a break! I was up trying to figure out that prototype for Clint’s bow, plus the new designs for Pepper on—stop laughing!”
“You could make a killing selling anti-aging cream,” Tony continues because he’s already dug himself a hole. Why not make it the very best, slap Stark Industries branding on it. “You know, if the”—and here he pretends to throw a shield—“doesn’t work out.”
“You’re a complicated star-spangled man,” Tony tells him. “Seriously, what is it about this game? Explain it to me. I’ll listen. Maybe.”
The games themselves are, predictably, a disaster, but the Maria Stark Foundation meets its yearly fundraising goal by the end of the afternoon, and SHIELD/the Avengers get enough good PR to cover at least two Avengers battles. Three, if property damage is kept to a minimum. Hill and Pepper are thrilled. Thor, Clint, Nat, and Bruce all got to work off some stress in a non-work environment. Tony is certain he flirted hard enough even the straightest folks could see he and Steve were going to wind up in bed that night.
“Keep moving in,” Tony tells the rest of the team. “Banner, I need you to suit up, buddy. I’ll get the old man.”
Steve leans closer and for a wild moment, Tony thinks Steve is about to kiss him through the net. But he catches the mischief in Steve’s expression. Steve grabs the volleyball from him.
“Let go of my arm, please,” Steve replies, coolly. “Neither of us were looking where we were going.”
Tony figured he could pretend to go along with whatever S.H.I.E.L.D. was trying to manipulate them into just long enough to get the information he was after. He was planning how to get Bruce off the helicarrier without a Hulk incident when Steve barged into the lab and threw a S.H.I.E.L.D. prototype weapon down on the table.
I'm anticipating there may be spoilers for the Loki series after chapter 2. I'll mark those chapters accordingly. (I began this fic almost two months ago, so this is a delightful coincidence.)
“We'll just see,” Tony shoots back, his smile turning into a challenge. “Want to help me with something tomorrow?”
“That was one time,” Tony mutters into Steve’s shoulder. “We were on the clock. Hey.” He looks up. “You used debugged correctly.”
But Tony can’t look away. There’s the long-running joke about Captain America not knowing how to dance, the whole “right partner” banter with Peggy Carter made famous after countless biographies, films, and TV specials in the years following Steve's disappearance. Most people were smart enough to know that meant foxtrot or lindy hop, that Steve didn’t know how to lead a partner around a room—and, well, Tony thinks most people don’t realize the skill of that or how extra careful Steve would have to be in a body still strange for its size and strength.
“Nope,” Tony agrees. “Might be something you need to watch out for, by the way. National hero back from the dead who then saved New York.”
JARVIS, edit recording for audio clarity and remove extraneous matter. Generate transcript and run through the accessibility checker. Upload files to the main server and store backup copies in my cloud storage.
Steve clamps down on a sudden spike of panic and presses his expression into the Captain America calm.
“If it means we can avoid future international incidents and protect all of our people together, then my offer is in all our best interests.” T’Challa looks them over with a careful scrutiny, his eyes twinkling with mirth. “I do not wish for us to be manipulated so successfully again…as much as I admire your intra-team negotiation tactics.”
Steve grins and his hand is warm and callused when Tony takes it. There are a handful of people walking dogs and joggers pass through regularly, but the park is close enough to Stark Tower that most don’t give them a second glance. Tony admits to himself that Steve was right—it’s a beautiful day, and it feels refreshing to leave his workshop for a bit. They pause on a footbridge and look out over the water.
“What’s the name?” the woman asks on autopilot and blushes. But she presses her lips together in grim determination to see this question through.
Steve clears his throat to cover a laugh, faintly pink. “Well,” he says in a normal voice as he steps back. “It’ll be interesting to see the results.”
They tell the team not long after. There’s no real label yet, but it’s clear they’re staggering towards something and Steve thinks transparency is best. Tony has taken just about every relationship approach out for a spin—secret, semi-secret, extremely public, one-sided courtship, rumored relationship, and everything in between and/or adjacent to—and decides to let Steve lead on this one.
Steve holds up both hands and backs away from the desk. Tony gives him a suspicious glare before ducking out of the workshop.
Steve looks up and sighs. “World War II, plane crash, frozen for 70 years? Yeah, I’ve thought about a ring.”
“Steve,” Tony says, gently. “It’s a beginner lesson series, mostly people from the surrounding neighborhoods. Very welcoming, according to all the reviews JARVIS read. Let’s give it a try, okay?”
Thor shrugs. “Perhaps it feels like an attempt to erase or ignore part of who he is to make him more acceptable to Midgard.”
“Howard. Never shut up about Steve.” Tony starts disassembling the corkboard and throwing the pieces away. “What was I supposed to think?”
They need a break, Tony decides, and tells Fury Howard is to stay at SHIELD all weekend. Well, he tells Fury’s voicemail. And in code. Even with people he likes as part of SHIELD, Tony can’t really get past his general aversion to the shadowy spy organization that wants to have him and everyone else in the Tower on call.
“Never thought much about it,” Steve replies. “Knowing a person first always seemed most important.”
“I could have,” Tony agrees, watching him. “I should’ve had you after the Battle of New York. Made that stiff back bend just a little.” He grins, a flash of his old self. “Perhaps over one of my workshop tables.”
Steve dries his hands and puts one hand on Tony’s shoulder. He turns Tony around and firmly guides him to the elevator.
“I believe,” Steve murmurs, when he pulls back and presses a dry kiss to the corner of Tony’s mouth. “I may be able to come up with something.”
He steps forward and reaches for Steve, then hesitates. Howard’s gaze sweeps over Steve a few times, like he’s scanning him.
He yawns as the elevator opens on his floor and winds his way to his room. Tony drops face-first into bed. As he drifts off to sleep, Tony wonders if there’d be anything more disruptive to their still-fragile team dynamics than him taking a chance with Steve.
“Oops, have to take this—Pepper,” Tony says, hopping up with his cellphone in hand. “Don’t touch my stuff while I’m gone.”
Something’s not right, J. After Carter or whatever his name is left, I got to thinking. That statement I recorded from Captain Rogers mentioned an Agent Carter. I didn’t think to make the connection to Aunt Peggy; most of what she did during the war was still classified when she died. But that would’ve been about the time she was doing her most secretive work.
Besides, he needs time to solve his Steve problem. Tony definitely doesn’t want his dear-old-not-yet-dad haunting his workshop while Tony is trying to figure out how to topple dear-old-not-yet-dad’s friend from the 40s into his (Tony’s) bed and keep him (Steve) there a while.
“Maybe,” Tony replies with a shrug. “Hardly would have been the first person assigned female at birth to live as a man, much less enlist.” At Steve’s blank look, he elaborates. “Deborah Sampson, for one. Revolutionary War. There were others. People like to pretend gender fluidity or gender outside the binary of man/woman is a new thing when it’s old news—ancient news, in fact. Now, well, it’s hard to talk about those folks because we spent so much time refusing to make room for language that acknowledged their lived experience. Who knows what they might have told us, given the chance.”
No one’s really sure whose fault it is but one day, there’s a new icon on the Switch’s home menu. Tony rolls his eyes and scoffs when he sees it, which makes Clint start it out of spite... and he then spends twenty minutes selecting the perfect island.
Steve wishes he was as good with his phone as Clint was, just to have a record of Tony’s bewildered face.
Occasionally, he gets a glance of Tony across the room. He’s relaxed—actually relaxed. The dancing is like breathing for him: the easy way he moves into a different step, how he’s always there to catch the follow out of a turn. Tony’s grinning, joy radiating off of him.
Steve feels his smile turn more firm and ignores Howard’s questioning stare on his back. He focuses on the sketch under his hands until the world outside of this small corner fades away.
The risotto is close to done. Steve hums along to his favorite song on the playlist, stirring in another handful of parmesan and splash of wine. He swings side to side in a low swoop, mimicking the dance moves he’d seen in the music video. It wasn't hard to recognize the dancing wasn't expert, but Steve likes the easy confidence, how everyone seems to know they're being just a little bit silly and that's the joy of it all.
“Steve, you deserve a life that isn’t fighting for every last scrap. You don’t have to carry this alone anymore.” He stops, running a hand over his eyes. “Look, are you really going to make me give you the you-have-a-team-now speech?”
“Talk to me Cap,” he says through the comms instead of thinking about how Loki’s read him like a goddamn ancient scroll. “Steve.”
Steve lets Tony’s grumbling roll over him while they work, surprised at how comforting it is. Tony grills him on other foods. Steve answers dutifully, thinking it’s just a way to pass the time until Tony turns up with a cooler full of things Steve says he’s never tried.
“It was an experiment,” Tony snaps defensively. “See what the big deal was. I had JARVIS scan it for brainwashing alien tech because you were all so sucked into it.”
“You tried talking to him yet?” Bruce holds up his hands at Steve’s sharp look. “Yeah, sorry I asked.”
Rogers has spent the silence studying him, Tony realizes, and came up with Maria Stark. Not Howard. His throat tightens.
“I think my pun was cleverer than that,” Steve informs him with a quirked eyebrow before stripping off his shirt and the rest of his clothes. “Well?”
Tony’s computer pings and Tony is back in the workshop immediately after. He scrolls through the rows of calculations and the results JARVIS has pulled up on screen.
“No,” Steve says quickly, then stops. His throat works for a moment, and: “It’s okay. It’s…nice. Comforting.” He smiles, self-conscious. “People don’t touch me much.”
being gaslit at the same time.” Tony runs his hands through his hair. “No one would ever believe he wasn’t a good father, you know. That I wasn’t the luckiest bastard on Earth to be his son.”
If he hadn’t invented the Iron Man or War Machine suits, this, Tony thinks, would be his finest work.
“Oh, just wait,” Loki replies with one of his manic grins. “Very soon you will see what chaos I have brought you to test your loyalties to one another. You scrape and serve these humans as if they are worthy instead of the weak-minded, pathetic creatures they actually are.”
“Yep. Though, technically, Anthony Stark, I suppose, but never quite liked the formality of the full name.”
Fury tries to call Tony in three separate times. Steve knows this because after the third time, Fury calls Steve.
Sure enough, Tony hears shouting. At a T-intersection, Howard is boxed in. There’s a door on lockdown at his back and a clutch of agents closing in from the front. Tony feels his heart lurch when his gaze sweeps from Howard’s white-knuckled grip on his gun to an agent whose finger is on the trigger.
“For me, Steve. Try not to die.” Tony’s hand finds his cheek in the dark, thumb pressing against Steve’s bottom lip. “And when you don’t die, promise me you’ll put the shield aside and find that kid from Brooklyn again.”
One late summer day just as the light is beginning to turn golden, Tony goes looking for Steve. It’s the kind of afternoon that makes him want to go outside, watch the city fade into evening. Sometimes he takes a spin in the suit, but tonight, he wants to walk around, no destination in mind, with someone who has a sense of humor.
TS: Most of what we have that’s like the kind of files you’re describing requires permission from the Head Archivist and limited appointment times. But I can see what I can do. What’s your grandma’s name?
“There’s a fishing tourney today,” Clint gripes. “And I’m gonna miss it because these bastards couldn’t wait until
“I—that’s real nice of you to offer, Tony.” Steve gives masking his puzzlement a good try, but doesn’t quite manage it. “But you don’t have to.”
“Sure,” she says. “If you wouldn’t mind signing in on this sheet and signing our waiver. Did you pay online or would you like to now?”
Steve wakes the next morning, the last of the pleasant aches from yesterday’s tournament fading like a dream. He lets the world around him come into shape slowly. The morning sunlight creeping under the curtains. The murmur of a city not quite awake. Tony’s soft breath on the pillow beside him.
It’s late morning when Steve finally manages to pull himself from the warm tangle of bedsheets and Tony. He sees the stacks of newspapers on the kitchen table, but avoids looking at them too closely.
Their first meeting had set his teeth on edge. Tony, adrenaline-drunk on showing up the man his father never shut up about, had jabbed at Steve for stating out loud what Tony had been worrying over, too. Tony wanted transparent, simple, straightforward—and here was Steve, complicating things. Making good points. Being distracting.
Tony is surprised by his own laugh. He wants to stay here in this moment with the Steve Rogers who catches his movie references, who touches him with warmth and care and never asks for anything in return. He is, he realizes, afraid to see who Steve is with Howard. Even a Howard from the 1940s, one who’s younger than Tony is now.
“All right, everyone,” Daphne announces as she leads Tony through a door. “Let’s take a break. I’m sure Captain Rogers wouldn’t mind stretching.”
Clint snorts. “And this is when you made your move. When Steve’s dealing with his past crashing back in—specifically, the past partially responsible for him becoming someone people finally notice.”
They take Steve’s motorcycle, Nat navigating over the comms as they leave the city and drive into the wilderness. Nat directs them to a small turn-off that ends in a parking lot.
After that, conversation gets easier between them. Steve relishes the distraction, and how his ghosts seem to fade a little each day. Not gone—he expects they’ll never be gone—but quieter.
They stand in silence. Tony’s skin itches; he needs a flight in the suit. Something challenging. Anything to rip off the mantle of Howard Stark that threatens to wrap around his neck.
“Did we get engaged?” Steve interrupts. “Is there some kind of 21st century courtship ritual I missed last night?”
“Nuh-uh! Other people have to use it, Steve,” Tony says, backing away and shoving the marker into the hands of someone who just walked in the door. “It’s called sharing. You know about sharing, don’t you, Steve? Did a whole PSA on it as I remember.” Tony glances over at the woman he’s just handed the marker to. “This guy, am I right?”
Tony turns to where Steve leans back against the opposite wall. He holds his bad arm against his chest, eyes closed. Tony sits next to him.
I am, for the most part, focused on keeping this lighthearted because there is such joy in exploring gender, even if the world is sometimes terrible about it. The world being terrible makes it all the important, imo, to hold that space for joy. That moment when you put on something and it feels right? A partner who validates you, no matter what? That’s what we need.
“Cheater,” Tony mutters. “The least you could do is take your shirt off before you scold me so I can look at some red, white, and washboard abs.”
Tony nods. He turns back to bandaging Steve’s back, lets his free hand resume it’s slow movements. Steve sighs quietly, the tension in his back uncoiling further. Tony spends more time than is strictly necessary making sure the gauze and tape lay smooth. He pats Steve’s arm.
Tony smiles, lets his thumb trace along the curve of Steve’s cheekbone. “How about you look at me, soldier?”
“Oh, I don’t think so,” Loki says with a smirk. “Why not treat this as a lesson about the pitfalls in your world’s feeble and limited understanding of gender.”
Tony hits a basic command, and the suit sheds. When Steve touches him, Tony’s brain grinds to a halt. There’s a heady confidence in how Steve strokes his neck and sides, presses his fingers into Tony’s back, clutches at his biceps and wrists. Every touch makes Tony want to sprawl out in a lavish bed and let Steve learn the texture of his skin, inch by inch.
Tony knows Hill’s deep commitment to punctuation means this is not a question. He opens the attachment to find a file from earlier that year, detailing an intelligence-gathering mission before they’d located the scepter. There’s a new note under Crimes and Charges, the editing history showing it’s from Steve.
Steve never cared much for the attention he got as a bonds salesman or later as a special operative. He’d gone to war because it was the right thing to do. He’d gone to find Tony in the low hours after Fury had flung trading cards splattered with Coulson’s blood at them, called the idea of uniting their abilities an “old-fashioned notion,” because that was the right thing to do, too.
“I’ll add it to the insurance claim. Not sure anyone will look twice at ‘cracked drywall around doorframe’ after ‘roof damage sustained when creating a portal to space.’”
“Shit, Steve. Why didn’t you say anything?” Tony starts forward, then stops when Steve takes a step back.
Steve jerks back, surprise stark on his face. It softens after a breath and he rests a hand on Tony’s chest, thumb rubbing the edge of the scarring there.
The opening synth ripples through the room and Steve drops into a bouncy rock-step, rummaging through the cabinets for ingredients.
“Could’ve,” Bucky agreed, leaning back on one of the jeeps, gaze drifting up. “But you’re a private fella, Steve. Getting you to admit any weakness is like pulling teeth—even when a fever put you on your ass for a week.”
“Steve,” Tony starts. He stops, not sure what to say next. “I…I’m sorry, all right? This week is.” He scrubs a hand over his face. “It’s just all so fucked, you know? It’s like the special clip show episode of Howard Stark’s A+ Parenting. With never-before-seen material.”
That gets a chuckle from Steve. “Mind if I ask why? Doesn’t seem like the most comforting thing to have in your home.”
Tony doesn’t always like to look too closely at who he was. Never did, to be honest. The past should drive you forward: fix what you got wrong, claw your way to a better tomorrow for everyone if you could manage it. If you can’t, you’ve at least left behind a few handholds for the next person to try. Futurist Tony Stark: eyes ahead, always.
His blue windflowers, which he feels no small measure of pride over cross-pollinating successfully after weeks of planting and watering, have changed. Most of them are still blue. The rest have kept their blue centers but the base of the petals are red, then white at the top, forming rings not unlike...
After everyone has settled into their floors at the Tower, Steve calls a meeting. It’s brief and to the point in a way that surprises Tony until he remembers Steve has, based on their enjoyable and frequent tumbles, most assuredly had relationships with men before. He would have had to keep them secret until he woke to a world new. Stating the facts out loud to his team has to be a relief.
“Did Degas secretly do a lot of portraits of naked men sprawled out on silk sheets with biceps that would make Roman gladiators jealous? Because Pepper is always on me about being more serious about my art collection, and I have a certain vision.”
He’s followed. You don’t grow up being the heir to a disgustingly wealthy weapons business without learning that feeling of unease and being watched. Tony’s identified at least five so far. He wishes he had JARVIS in his ear, but if there are five already in the open, Tony knows there’s at least that waiting at the end of all possible escape routes. His best chance is to find a choke point, take them out one by one.
will arrive at the door, a photo of him with his hair slicked back like it's 2008 splashed across the back cover.
“You don’t think it’s too soon?” Steve looks uncertain. “What about your reputation or…uh, stock value?”
The look Steve gives him is an excellent impression of the face Tony made when Steve needed an overview on how to use the smart thermostat in his room.
Tony’s sprawled out on the couch, watching a movie when Steve gets back. On the screen, a teenager plays what Steve recognizes as
“What? I can look, can’t I? It never bothered you before.” Loki has not, in fact, stopped looking. “Certainly wasn’t my intention with the spell, but, well. Can’t say I’m displeased with the results.”
No, Tony realizes, not on top of. Carter has caught him like he’s no more than a scraggly kitten who’d gotten too adventurous and lost his balance.
Nat smiles and gives him a curt nod before she heads down to the garage. Once in the elevator, she takes out her phone.
Tony stops, a breath away from Steve’s parted lips. Tony Stark never kissed anyone unless they asked and even the threat of what he’s worked so hard for being cleaved in two won’t change that. Steve is tense under his grip, the drag of his breath studiously even. Most days, Tony would shove until Steve shoved back, but this matters more than anything they’ve clashed on before.
When Steve returns, all traces of Captain America gone, Tony shows him the latest Stark Tech proposal. The table is long enough to pull up two stools and they sit side-by-side, close enough the warmth of Steve’s presence blends with the late autumn sun spilling into the workshop. It’s a good afternoon; working with Steve—when they’re not arguing—brings Tony a sense of calm he can’t replicate alone or even with Bruce. Tony and Bruce can brainstorm and build, caught up in each other’s energy and ideas. Sometimes, it’s at the expense of taking a step back to critically assess their projects (see: Ultron, floating city, paperwork Steve has cleared only 43% of).
The street fair is an unexpected burst of color and sound as Steve turns a corner. He slows to a walk, crossing through it. There are a few tents already assembled and several others in various states of completion. Rainbow flags wave cheerfully from every available surface, fluttering in the gentle morning breeze. There are others in various stripes; Steve recognizes most of them, but a few are new. He notes the colors to Google later.
Tony turns back to the Switch, pulling up a screen above him that’s filled with notes that begin logically enough (“Tom Nook: upgrades house, undersells on bugs. Wait for Flick”; “Scorpions appear in evening”) and then descend into chaos (“Eugene is Barton”; “Exile Gigi, fat-shamed Boomer”; and “Gulliver needs latest Stark phone”).
“Thought there might be something on Asgard,” Tony replies. “His ma’s something of a whiz with magic. Witch with magic? Whatever. He said he’ll be back in a few days with whatever Frigga can tell him. Until then”—Tony motions at Steve—“the part of Captain America will continue to be played by Steve Rogers.”
Despite everything—the fight with Steve, his time-traveling father, all the worst parts of him spilling out once more—Tony grins under the faceplate. He’ll take a compliment on the suit any day.
“Well, they told me I could not only save the lives of young Americans who were fighting for justice but also the civilians caught up in the war, who were stuck between two armies trying to kill one another.” Howard stares off into the distance, the same expression Steve gets sometimes. “Introduced me to Erskine and his formula. Seemed like a great idea—a highly capable weapon, but only when necessary. Other times, a defense. And someone who was good down to their marrow.”
Hello everyone! I had such a fun time writing "Tony Stark vs. the Heteronormative Agenda" and taking a crack at pretend-to-date tropes, I started to think about other tropes I might want to examine in the context of fanfic. The one I’m taking on here, gender and/or sex swap, is much trickier than queer erasure. I've done my best to catch anything that might land wrong or feel icky. I definitely won't claim this is perfect. Piles and piles of thanks to Wreck and S for their feedback, encouragement, and thoughtful questions or suggestions while I tangled with the challenges of this fic.
“Peak of health,” Bruce concludes. “Can’t see anything that indicates cellular deterioration or other magic-induced risks to your overall well-being.”
“Ah, Tony,” Thor says brightly. Too brightly. He gets to his feet slowly, making placating gestures like Tony is the Hulk. “Fear not. Steve is fine.”
Tony might have cared more if it didn’t mean he had a deliciously rumpled Steve Rogers literally at his fingertips. He slips between Steve’s legs before Steve’s blinked away any more of that gauzy expression, rolling his hips forward. Tony watches Steve’s head fall back, his mouth drop open. How his throat works around a moan, his lips form Tony’s name. Tony rolls forward again, and Steve’s body ripples with pleasure beneath him, Steve clutching the sheets at his sides. He leaves biting kisses on Steve’s neck and collarbones, his chest and shoulders. Steve shudders at each one, his sense of touch elevated—like all others—with the serum. Tony nips at Steve’s bottom lip, dips in for a kiss that is the barest curl of heat. He pulls away and Steve whines and Tony nearly loses any self-control there.
Or, this moment, after: waking up in the gauzy early morning when Steve usually left for his runs and finding Steve still curled into his shoulder, deeply asleep.
TS: Aunt Peggy had two children, a son and a daughter, and three grandchildren. I’ve met all of them. I’ve never met you.
When Steve turns up, he’s welcomed into the tent and ushered to the other stool. They wave away his money when Steve tries to pay, and Steve shoots a suspicious look at Tony.
“Seems not. Those USO days are really behind you, huh?” Tony says, trying not to show his amusement. He takes the note and huffs a laugh when he reads it.
When they get back that evening, Tony’s locked in his workshop. Probably for the best, Steve decides, since he won’t be tempted to go to Tony rather than letting Tony find him. He’d said what he needed to. Now, Steve just has to hold the line.
“Obviously. If Howard Stark wanted to fuck you, it’d be because you were some pretty little invention of his. Like guys obsessed with their cars.”
“Oh. Yeah, there was some extra fabric lying around after the textiles classes ended, and a few of the students made it for me. The old robes are pretty scratchy, and since I’m not letting them pay me…” he shrugs. “It was nice of them.”
“You mean the crème de cassis you and Bucky got drunk off your asses on, and I had to haul you into your bunks?” Steve stops. “My bunk, as I recall, and I had to sleep on that cot of yours.”
Those people were idiots, Tony always thought. You couldn’t watch old footage of Steve from the 40s and think he was clumsy. Hell, you couldn’t watch any footage from the Battle of New York and not realize that. Even the way he took a hit was graceful.
Hello everyone! My apologies for disappearing for a while. I thought I had a better sense of this fic overall and then once I was working on this chapter and future ones... nope. Bumped into some gender feels, had to poke at those for a while, annnd here we are again.
“You,” Tony says. “You’re good. I mean, I thought you might be, what with how good you are in the field, but dancing. It’s your white whale.”
Steve is there in another breath, barely slowing down before his hands are on Tony's shoulder, his side, crashing them together in a tight hug.
He sits up when Steve slides a plate over and pointedly puts down a very full glass of water. Tony eyes it suspiciously.
He follows Tony’s lead through another turn. Tony shrugs and is quiet for a few beats while he swings Steve out and guides him back in to closed position.
“You told me to walk it off,” Tony says, starting to giggle and he has a half-second to feel bad because Steve is trying to be serious and—
Steve goes down to the gym and doesn’t leave until he’s destroyed one of Tony’s Cap-Proof punching bags. He soaks his hands, watching the blood curl up from his knuckles and knows they’ll have healed by morning.
I’ve put Pepper on matching any relevant symbolism to the star. Clint looked into Rogers to see if we can follow up with him or his descendants. He has informed me Captain Steven G. Rogers went missing in action a week after this letter was sent and was declared dead several years later. No descendants.
“You asking me to go steady?” Steve murmurs, the half-smirk audible in his voice turning the ‘go steady’ into a joke.
There’s something purposefully hidden in Steve’s expression, though he returns the grin. “Well. There’s something else we have in common.”
“Hey, guys?” Scott interrupts, his voice booming from where towers over them. “I know I’m new and everything, but this seems like something we should maybe talk out before an epic battle?”
So much of queer/LGBTQIA+ history has been stolen from us through various kinds of violence or destruction. I've been thinking a lot lately about how small this destruction or violence can be, like altering someone's papers after their death or leaving out a person's queerness in biographies or critical work. This means sometimes all we can do is say, "this is how this person talked about themselves and here's a contemporary equivalent, but we can't be certain it applies completely." (On good days, we're at that statement anyway because language evolves so fast.)
Steve flashes Tony a knowing look. Instead of arguing, he nuzzles behind Tony’s ear, breathing in deeply. Sweat and the woodsy smell of his soap, none of the cologne Tony usually wears when suiting up for business. Neither armor on tonight.
“Stay behind me,” Carter says, like Tony did not just make the very reasonable but-guns point. “I’ll…I can’t promise I’ll get you out. But I’ll try.”
They’d found a mostly empty restaurant that let Steve use their bathroom while Tony ordered the pink and purple milkshake monstrosity they were running as a special. He noted how one server nearly collided with a wall when Steve walked out wearing the shorts, folding up his sweatpants.
Tony nearly walks into the doorframe on his way out. He is not, he tells himself, going to change his opinion of that game.
Howard bursts into laughter and clasps Steve shoulder, then his face in both hands. “Well, I’ll be damned. Steve Rogers, back from the dead. Jesus, you gave us a fright, kid. You told Peggy the good news yet?”
It’s one of the tabloids, Steve notes. He reaches over to take it from Tony and studies the cover and headline.
“We,” Tony says firmly, “are definitely going to have a conversation about this. But for now, looks like we’re chasing down dear-old-not-yet-dad before he creates a time paradox.”
When he’s alone in the Tower, though, Steve doesn’t mind it. Tony has an excellent sound system he taught Steve how to use, and there’s
The music kicks on again and Tony dances towards Steve in his best impression of Courteney Cox, pulled from the crowd by a rockstar. He can only just hear Steve’s burst of laughter over the music. Steve’s posture relaxes and he jumps back in, matching Tony step for step.
“Sorry,” Steve says with a smile. “I was just passing through and didn’t realize there was a street fair today.”
and associated rom-com terminology well enough to catch my references and yes-and me into a new conversation—Jess? Really?” Tony pauses, narrowing his eyes. “Are you making fun of me for claiming I have a dark side?”
“Might be hard to leave the other guy behind,” Steve replies wryly. “Serum, Super Soldier, remember?”
“Tanuki, technically. They’re like a raccoon dog. Mostly in Japan.” Tony blinks a few more times. “I don’t trust him.”
“Should you be wearing that?” Tony asks flatly, pulling down his sunglasses to stare at Steve’s shirt.
Tony huffs an amused laugh. “Always about the training with you. Go get changed, all right? Bruce is back and wants to run some tests and you smell like you did a lap in the Hudson.”
Now, Steve isn’t sure what the right thing to do is. He’s so distracted by the puzzle, he misses one of Thor’s tells and takes hit to the solar plexus. They’ve been pulling their punches during training, but Thor’s still a god, and it’ll smart for a day or two.
The night has turned deep velvet before Tony feels his body unwind and mind slow. He rolls his neck. Deep breath in. Out. Tony glances over at Steve, sprawled on his stomach, quietly still in sleep. Since they began to share a bed, Tony has wondered if it’s the serum that drags Steve under so completely—as in all things, the best version of itself.
He’d always been a good liar before this, but the USO tour was where he learned how to vanish away Steve Rogers, leaving just Captain America behind.
Still, though, Steve had expected to be alone tonight. Even if there has not been evidence suggesting Steve would bring someone home, Tony is not about to be the man who cockblocked Captain America after 70 years on literal ice.
“Fuck,” Tony says and flips over, hauling Steve down for a kiss and flinging a leg over his hip. “How did I ever think you were a blushing virgin?”
“We usually try to maintain some level of privacy for our students and models, but with Steve volunteering for us…” She sighs. “Well, that privacy is harder to come by.”
They land. Tony waits for the suit to disassemble around him, watching Steve. Steve watches back. He pulls off his gloves. Rolls out his shoulders and stretches his arms. Then his legs and his hips and—damn, Steve is flexible.
Nat slings an arm around his shoulders and pulls him in. “That’s pretty self-absorbed,” she teases. “Even for Captain America.”
Nat sits cross-legged several feet into the room, presumably where she slid to a stop. She’s looking up at Thor.
The reception room is small, one wall all windows to make it less claustrophobic. Someone’s set out coffee. There’s another agent in the corner and Nick Fury, standing next to—
They don’t die in the morning, but Nat doesn’t return from Vormir. Steve’s feet carry him into the woods on the compound’s property after their gathered mourning. He turns to meet Tony when Tony follows, and they have sex there, just out of sight of the compound, the smell of earth and grass and life wreathing their shared grief.
Steve blinks a few times, stunned. His expression relaxes. “Okay. Okay, Tony, you’re right. Thank you.”
“I wouldn’t know,” Carter replies. “You don’t have any reason to trust me. You shouldn’t. But I promise you, Tony, I won’t hurt you and I won’t let anyone else hurt you, either. I meant what I said before: there’s no reason for me to.”
Howard shakes his head. “Seeing that scrawny kid walk into the lab, boost himself into the casket? Christ, I thought he was a goner. Then again when the idiot convinced me to drop him behind German lines to singlehandedly rescue what was left of the 101st. Now I’m here, 70 years in the future, and find out Steve survived a plane crash and decades frozen. It’s a lot to ask of one man. Of any man.”
“Not an agent,” Tony slides in smoothly. “More like a consultant. Technology.” He holds out his hand.
Something roils in Steve’s eyes, irritation and—panic? Fear? That can’t be right. A kind of ferocity Tony doesn’t recognize.
Clint Barton having a higher emotional intelligence than Tony Stark isn’t something the world is ready for.
Steve chokes and resolutely looks anywhere but at Fury or Howard. He hooks an arm around Tony’s neck and hauls him close.
Tony half-expects Steve to avoid the workshop the next day, but he’s there a few minutes before Howard’s scheduled arrival. Tony gets a curt nod. He clenches his jaw under his smile when Steve greets Howard with a few words and Howard says something to make him laugh.
They work the rest of the day, then the days after. Steve starts to pull his beaten-up uniform back on before meeting Tony at whatever worksite he’s found this week. Hauling away rubble, lifting new girders and support beams, angling his shield so Tony can bounce an energy beam off of it—Steve can see his progress at the end of the day. It’s tangible. Not just a pile of information that feels like digging in water.
JARVIS: Sir, I am not aware of any—oh. There does indeed seem to be an entry in your calendar for this afternoon. A meeting with a local foundation.
Behind them, the barricaded door splinters. Tony turns to look at Carter. No. If he's right... Tony turns to look at
Something catches in Tony’s throat. It’s not new information, not when he’s seen Steve take risks that make Tony’s heart gutter or when he thinks of how he’d justified making weapons for so many years. The Howard Tony had known would never have said this openly, if he’d ever even say it at all.
“It’ll be a good way to get the crowd fired up,” he argues. “Big reveals. Who is everyone wearing, all that.”
Nat lets Steve straighten back up and pats his cheek. “Keep standing your ground. Tony will figure it out.”
“In fairness, neither did I until the spies made a few snide remarks. Although it was mentioned I tend to stare at theirs, too. What? Don’t give me that look; I’m admiring peak specimens of the human superhero/Asgardian form. It’s like art.”
"Once more unto the breach," Steve murmurs and pushes them through the doorway, into whatever unknown lurks in the darkness ahead.
“Ah.” Steve rolls this around in his head for a moment. “Not relieved,” he says slowly. “I guess I never thought it was that important. Half of what was printed about me during the war wasn’t true. I knew what was, and that seemed enough.”
Rogers’s mouth tightens. Tony thinks suddenly of the newsreels with Rogers and Barnes, laughing easily. How it had made a young Tony long for friends who could relax around him, forget he was Howard Stark’s son.
“Nope,” Tony says, turning back to his task. “Probably paperwork. Less glamorous responsibility of being the fearless leader.”
Over the next few days, Steve mulls over his conversation with Thor and the incident in the park. Tony knows enough about being in the spotlight. If this causes him pain, Steve ought to trust Tony on being more open about their relationship. So he will. It’s the right thing to do.
knew, he’s your best friend forever back and has no idea who I am—which, frankly, icing on the goddamn cake.” Tony frowns and pauses to finish the sandwich. “There’s no dressing that up in some kind of lesson about friendship or responsibility.”
“Well, folks, that’s our show,” Tony’s voice drifts in. “And what a show. Who doesn’t love a happy ending? Thank you for your generosity this evening. If you’ve won an auction, Ms. Potts will have further information for you in the back of the ballroom. Thank you again and goodnight.”
Tony studies him. He doesn’t know what it is, but Carter has this pull on him. He’s a mystery Tony can see just the edge of some answers to, answers he wants to pull out into the open.
“Made a lot of inventions, my old man. Preferred creations that did what he said and didn’t ask questions. All things considered”—Tony waves his hands over himself—“failed experiment.”
She turns and steps further into whatever’s beyond, swallowed up by the shadows. The door ahead stays open, but Tony still sees it: the raised star at the top. Same as the one on the shield.
“Sure. You’d have waited three seconds instead of two before making your decision.” Howard grins at Steve, who shakes his head in amusement.
“I liked the idea of StarkIndustries financially investing in local businesses through restaurants, not you buying a whole city block of them to create—and I’m quoting directly from your proposal, Tony— ‘a culinary Disney World.’” Pepper sips her coffee, ignoring the look of deep betrayal on Tony’s face.
. It’s not stated outright in the Rebirth files, but anyone who looks at them carefully enough would know. Without the serum, I probably wouldn’t have made it past 35. So.” Steve reaches across the counter, touches Tony’s chest where the arc reactor used to be. “A gift.”
After the ice, Steve would jerk awake after only a few hours of sleep and find himself listening hard for a baseball game on the radio. Eventually, he tried that vanishing trick again. Bury Steve Rogers. Follow orders. It worked for a while. That is, until Fury saw through his trick and kicked Steve out into the world. Then he met Tony Stark: flashy, brash, knew how to get under Steve’s skin easy as a splinter. He’d questioned Steve, pushed him until Steve pushed back.
Day of the big tournament, Tony talks the rest of them into wearing cover-ups or robes until they’re on the court.
“We can arrange for you to have monitored visits with Rogers and limited access to our data on your arrival if you think you can help us,” Fury is saying to Howard. “Oh, and Rogers? I think it’s best if we keep Mr. Stark under close observation for now. We don’t want him to find himself in a difficult situation.”
Tony leans his forehead against Steve’s back, shaking with repressed laughter. “Oh my God,” he gasps. “He’s worse than Nat.”
He stumbles towards his bed, shedding his tux in clumps. Steve follows, folding his own shirt and bowtie into a neat pile, then hanging his jacket over a chair. Tony eyes him.
Tony shakes his head. “Nope, I need you here to make sure things don’t go up in flames while I’m gone, and the less you know, the easier you can stay out of… whatever this is.”
Tony unlocks his desk drawer. The Carter files are still in there. He packs them into his bag along with Rogers’s original statement and other potentially related artifacts he had pulled from other collections in the archives. He tucks the external memory bank with JARVIS in last and closes the satchel. Tony pauses, a thought occurring to him.
Steve leans down to wipe an extra streak of sunscreen away from Tony’s cheek. He smiles, then holds out his hand. “Take a stroll with me?”
Tony waits until everyone’s gear is off and put away. He checks that Howard is where he left him. Agents are guarding the door. After what feels like enough stalling, Tony goes looking for Steve.
“Don’t worry, pops, we’re cooking with gas,” Tony assures. “We’ll get you back to the good ol’ days so you can jive with your ducky shincracker before you snap your cap.”
There are chairs and easels ringing a platform in the center of the room. Steve is standing on this platform. Steve is also, Tony can’t help but notice, entirely naked. No artfully draped bolt of fabric. No well-placed bowl of fruit. Not even his shield.
Steve cuts off whatever tirade Tony had ready, kissing him softly. Tony thinks he ought to be annoyed, Steve riling him up about fucking
Something leaps in Tony’s chest and he has a chance to think of course Steve would have a wicked mouth to go along with his smart mouth. And then about Steve’s mouth. Tony shakes it off—later. Soon. And Steve is smirking at him, entirely too pleased.
It’s on the last leg of his return when things go wrong. When Steve turns a corner, he nearly collides with another man.
and those helicarriers in the Potomac, Steve going down on one of them because he couldn’t compromise on brainwashed, beaten-to-hell James Buchanan Barnes and fuck if that kind of loyalty doesn’t sweep Tony’s feet out from under him.
Tony laughs. “That’s the spirit. Well, I’ll leave you to it.” He starts to walk away, then pauses in the doorway. “Oh, um. Avoid the river for a while.”
His hair is sticking up everywhere. Between the pomade he’s been wearing and the recent activities that required Tony yank on said hair, Steve’s got a ‘do that would have been extremely fashionable in 2000.
Tony smiles warmly at him. “Seems like you’ve got another chance at sticking up for the little guy, Steve. Whoever they might be.”
“Welcome back, sir,” JARVIS greets. “I have indeed verified the meeting was added to your schedule by unidentified third parties.”
Loki’s eyes flicker over the weapons arrayed like peacock feathers. He looks thoughtful, and Tony’s stomach sinks.
“How dare he abandon my island when I have created such amusements as he asked for?” Thor is yelling. “This is a deep betrayal of our fellowship!”
“It’s three inches into the ground and deflated, big guy,” Clint says from around a whistle, perched in a crouch at the top of a referee stand. “Need the volleyball in ball shape to play.”
this will not guarantee Loki does not try to seriously injure and/or kill Steve due to preexisting Asgardian courtship rituals; and we have no idea how to reverse the spell.” Clint ticks off the points on his fingers. “Am I missing anything?”
He can feel Steve’s breath catch, how Steve shifts forward to kiss him back. Then he’s pulling away and Tony definitely does
Others thought that meant a Super Soldier who was clumsy if the objective was a dance with a pretty girl, not a frontal assault on an enemy base.
Steve sighs heavily and pushes past Tony into the room. They’re the first ones to arrive. It’s a good-sized room. Wood floors. Two exits.
“I can think of places much better than your side for a prick,” Steve replies in that same mild tone.
Defense is deeply unsatisfying. The Iron Man suit is designed for the hair-trigger pivots of first response and perimeter work, and covering the others feels painfully dull by comparison. Each time he feels the temptation to break his promise, Tony remembers that fierce look in Steve’s eyes, the good heart he can’t switch off. What does it mean, Tony wonders, that Steve looked at him like he’d lost someone?
Carter takes his time looking up, as if he hasn’t been caught doing something he shouldn’t. “Done snooping around?”
Steve had put more than his fair share of creeps on the ground for harassing the USO dancers. He’d never really known what it was like to be on the other side of that presumption, that to be assigned female often meant men thought you owed them something. No wonder Peggy had punched out Gilmore instead of handing down a formal reprimand.
, the absolute dick, but there are more interesting things happening, like Steve’s hand pressed to his lower back or how he’s kissing Tony like it’s the most important part of his day. That’s heady stuff, considering he spent the morning talking tactical Earth defense with Hill and Fury.
“LISTEN,” Clint yells, jumping to his feet. “Just find a non-public place to moon all over each other so I can troll the misogynistic assholes on Twitter without being distracted by you two being blissfully in love. It RUINS THE MOOD.”
It helps that he’s right about the crowd. His colleagues, despite their social manners and skills being on the low end when there's not classified information to steal, know how to read a room and lean in. By the time it’s Tony turn, the crowd is noisy. He tosses his robe aside with a flourish and a spin, and the yelling is near deafening when they see his Captain America speedo.
Howard’s expression is smooth, but Steve can see the way his hands are shoved in his pockets, the slightly wild look as he tries to process what Tony is explaining at a quick pace. Steve feels a deep satisfaction at that—he and Howard got along fine, but Howard did have a tendency to talk down to Steve. Even if he had survived to the new millennium, Tony would have outpaced him at least a decade before. It’s dizzying, sometimes, to have that focus entirely on you.
Tony rolls over. He kisses Steve lightly on the back of his neck, his shoulders. Steve stirs beneath him, awake nearly as quickly as he falls asleep.
“If you come up with an equation to determine that, let me know. It’s made for awkward conversations on dates.”
“Most things are. Listen,” Tony pushes him out to arm’s length. “If we’re doing friendship, I’m not working down here with Captain America. Go put some civvies on. Only Steve Rogers is allowed down here.”
“They’re not conspiracy theories,” Carter replies, pulling a bookcase down over the desk and chairs he’s already shoved against the door. There’s banging from the other side, yelling Tony can’t quite make out.
“Shut your perfect mouth, Rogers,” Tony says without any heat. “PowerPoint Presentation. What am I, the CEO of some tiny start-up?”
“I don’t know what you want me to say,” Steve tells her. “I thought we were getting somewhere and then Tony—” he stops. “You ever feel like the universe is just pulling out all the stops to keep you alone and miserable?”
“Don’t get too far ahead of me. I don’t want to be walking along the street minding my own business and then be walloped by your cheekbones.” Tony looks accusingly at Steve’s amused smile. “I mean it, Rogers. We already had our meet-cute.”
Howard holds up a hand. “I’ve made mistakes, Steve. It’s clear I’ll continue to make them. Stark family tradition.” He nods towards Tony. “The only thing he gets from me is he’s a scrappy bastard. Christ, look what he’s built.”
“Seriously, did you not see the way everyone swooned when you walked onto the helicarrier in this thing?”
Steve smiles back and can feel the uncertainty of his expression. He goes anyway, over to the drafting table in a far corner under a lamp. Tony had set this up for him when Steve started spending more time in the workshop. It gave Steve an easier place to work than the lumpy furniture scattered around like asteroids.
“I—how is it an American icon from the 1940s—bravery, honor, sacrifice, whatever else they say in the voiceover of Captain America: The Ride—has no problem standing completely naked in front of a room full of strangers? For a weeks at—what? Why are you laughing?”
The thing is, Tony doesn’t want to leave just yet. He can feel his muscles already beginning to settle into their pleasant post-battle ache. Howard seems decades away, rather than a few floors. Steve looks more relaxed than he has since Howard’s arrival, but there’s something still distant and far away. Before Tony can think too much—always a problem—he reaches. Fingertips press against the back of Steve’s neck, his thumbs brush gently along Steve’s cheeks. Steve’s inhale is sharp and he ducks his head, turning his face into Tony’s good hand, his lips pressing against the heel of Tony’s palm.
Except now they’re at the Tower and both definitely not fit for polite company. Steve’s shirt is half-open, his bowtie loose around his neck, and okay, yeah, maybe there’s a bite mark on his collarbone, so sue Tony for indulging a little when super soldier serum will wipe that right away in a few hours.
They make the front page of every major newspaper, and Tony and Steve take turns bringing coffee, takeout, and pastries to the StarkIndustries PR offices. Pepper hands out truly breathtaking bonuses once things die down and sets up a recurring donation to the Pride street fair’s annual fund.
“Got a mission for you,” Tony announces the next morning before Operation Send Dad Back to the Future Part I resumes, waving a piece of cardstock with fancy calligraphy on it.
“Sometimes I’m not very good at sharing,” Tony tells him, tilting his face up. “Don’t play well with others. Like my teammates. Or people looking at my teammates.”
“I’m glad you came, Tony,” Steve says, still grinning. “Stuff like this, it’s not usually people’s speed. You should have seen the guys’ faces when they found me sketching a field in France once.”
The Tower is dark on their return. Everyone, Tony remembers, is somewhere else tonight. They settle in the kitchen, Steve getting them both a beer. Neither of them move to turn on the overhead lights, instead sitting in the dim soft light over the sink. It’s like being in the art center again: a vignette, just the two of them. Maybe that’s why Tony pushes.
Tony thinks he’s done pretty well dealing with this media coverage, all things considered, even if Steve gives him a deeply skeptical look when he says so. Tony pouts all the way to the fundraiser they’ve got on the docket: hosting a bachelor auction with New York’s most eligible. Pepper had talked Tony into going, which meant Steve was going. As a result, Nat was also going to keep the two of them out of trouble (aka, getting bid on when they had not signed up for the auction), and Clint was going to back Nat up. Thor didn’t want to be left out, so it was nearly the whole clown car—except Bruce who’d laughed loudly and shut the door in Tony’s face when he’d gone to invite him.
“Can we reschedule? I’ve kind of got a thing.” Tony motions to his bandaged arm. “Prior engagement with a lot of pain killers and truly awful made-for-TV movies.”
“It means your ass looks great, so stop sulking, and let me parade you around on my arm already,” Tony says, exasperated.
Steve does that jaw clench that means he’s hiding a smile. “I think they’re waiting for you to say something, too.”
In the weeks after everyone returns to the tower, things are quiet. There’s a mission or two: an occasional big task that involves the team running through the city after something spitting destructive goo, gas, or, on the rare occasion, a solid. Sometimes, they have to talk to the press, which is always a mission in itself. (There is, Tony notes while watching the Stark Industries PR Team earn their yearly bonuses three times over, a few valid reasons the Avengers Initiative was nearly canceled. He’s just not sure if he should be comforted he’s not the only walking disaster.)
“Told you I’d bring in the big guns,” Tony says, clapping Steve’s shoulder. “This is Steve. Steve, meet Lou and his team.”
The bandage looks fresh and although Tony has his arm resting carefully across his chest, he doesn’t look like it’s causing him any pain. Steve decides to leave it for now.
Tony doesn’t look over at him. Steve had been there when he woke up with an awful taste in the back of his throat and bandages wrapped from palm to shoulder. A bad burn from when the tech he’d been tinkering with had a sudden electric surge and blew out. He doesn’t remember anything after that.
Tony remembers suddenly, the cracked doorframe at the Tower coming back to him. Steve's always a little clumsy when he's tired, like his muscle memory is still adjusting.
Steve has just called their moves over the comms when the whole thing blows up. They’re outside of the blast radius, just tripping the proximity alerts on a series of mannequin traps, but some kind of particle coats the professor. When the air clears, the professor is gone.
“You know, it’s strange,” Steve muses as he looks over the diagrams. “If I’d been—what is it again?”
“You haven’t even heard my pitch yet,” Steve points out, getting to his feet but not loosening his hold.
Steve tosses Tony a few palm repulsors. “Remember not to accidentally kill your dear-old-not-yet-dad while he’s trying to escape from SHIELD’s New York facility and erase yourself from a photograph.”
Tony is kind of freaking out. Nudity has never bothered him—well, not within the last two decades, anyway—but this is Steve. Captain America. Standing up on a platform like a goddamn classical statue and Tony’s head is swimming—
The far door is a bedroom, a bed crispy made with military precision. Tony makes a note of that. Maybe he can rumple Carter up a bit, see what he'll let slip. Platonically rumple up. Just a friendly rumple. Friendly rumpling up?
Steve’s shield is enough of a signal for the agents to let them pass, even if they don’t immediately recognize Steve or Tony. Tony runs through the building’s schematic in his head, overlaying it with what he would guess is Howard’s instincts on escape routes.
He crosses the room to an old set of drawers he’s never used much. His predecessor left a taser there in the top drawer, with a sticky note:
Steve blinks. Tony’s head is tipped back, eyes on the ceiling. Thor leans further over the back of the sofa, growing more intrigued by the game.
“Yeah, well, you skipped that bit,” Tony replies with a dismissive wave. “I was a real self-involved asshole before the whole make-an-arc-reactor-in-a-cave thing. And after. Okay, I still am.”
“You’re talking to a poor kid from Brooklyn,” Steve says, but he’s smiling. “Chasing was all I did.”
“Fine,” Tony snaps. “Fine. I’m a fucking mess, Barton, with enough daddy issues I could run the country for a decade if I figured out how to convert them into clean energy, and yeah, maybe a younger version of my father crashing into the workshop and joking around with Steve hasn’t brought out my best behavior.”
Tony hesitates. He steps forward and reaches into the box, pushing aside the new journals to reveal a much older sketchbook, cover flaking away.
“Nat says he has a high-ranking island but he did it on accident. It makes her crazy because he doesn’t seem to care.”
“I didn’t know Howard well,” Rogers continues and his gaze slides distant. “But I don’t think you’re much like him at all. As for proud of you…” Rogers shrugs. “Does it matter? You make your own legacy.”
“They don’t say anything about you two being involved,” Nat continues. “It’s 700 words on your bromance.”
Steve looks away sharply, his jaw clenched. Tony frowns. Even in his worst moods, Steve responds to Tony’s casual flirting—an exasperated sigh, a quick smile. It’s the pattern they’d settled into once they’d both stopped trying to prove something to the other one. On the best days, Steve lobs a retort back almost before Tony finishes a sentence.
Tony pouts until Steve glances over. Winks at him. Tony preens a little under the attention, steadily ignores Howard’s evaluating look.
Steve clears his throat, his gaze turning determined and direct. “You’re strong in the suit,” he says. “A guy like me…”
“It really will not change if he attempts to kill you or not,” Thor adds. “As I understand it, your courtship rituals here require a different social contract be in place prior to romantic or sexual overtures. We hold no such expectations on Asgard.”
“Not that there is anything wrong with that,” Thor continues quickly. “But it meant I would never join their ranks, alas. And Lady Sif of Asgard! She is feared by many of our enemies and allies, alike. There is no one I trust more than she. That is, aside from you, my shield brothers.”
A week later, Steve logs into his island, feeling the day’s tension unspool from his shoulders as Isabelle greets him with an island update. When Villager Cap walks into his garden, Steve pauses.
Steve had been certain he'd die when Bucky shipped out, then again when Erskine bled out in his arms. He used to worry about his heart after the scarlet and rheumatic fevers. After Rebirth, Steve wondered how much grief he could carry before he burst, serum or not.
Steve means to laugh but it catches funny in his throat and he pushes himself backwards, pressing his face into Tony’s stomach to hide it. Tony shivers beneath him, his fingers in Steve’s hair.
“Uh huh.” Clint eyes the collage one last time, then fixes a Tony with a look. “Are you building a Steve bot?”
Steve draws in a long breath and lets it out slowly. “I’ll get my five stars when I get them, Tony.”
“You’re running out of time, Captain,” the woman replies. “Make sure you shut the door behind you to keep out the draft.”
By the time Steve gets upstairs, Tony is waiting for him with a movie queued up and dinner spread out in takeout boxes. He hits play when Steve walks in:
“Holy shit,” Tony gasps, much later. “You’re never leaving. I built you your own floor. To move in. Before the sex. A platonic floor. But now, you’re definitely staying. Preferably up here, with me.”
Steve’s breath is hard against Tony’s cheek. He begins to step back, but Tony grabs the collar of his uniform and holds him there.
“Thanks for the tip,” Tony scoffs, snaps on the cuffs that calls the suit to him. “Well, pops, you’re in for a treat.”
“Aye,” Thor answers. “But I’m afraid my brother misread it, and we cannot know how that might have altered the spell. I will depart for Asgard tomorrow and consult my mother. It may be she can untangle this mess Loki has made.”
“Maybe,” he says. “But I think I might want to keep them to myself for now.” He shakes off an edge of melancholy shadowing the affection. “What kind of fella doesn’t appreciate flowers, after all.”
There’s a funny swooping feeling in Steve’s chest and he nearly kisses Tony right there. But then Tony slaps a nametag on the center of Steve’s chest.
“Good pitch,” he says, ignoring how breathy his voice is. “I accept. Perhaps we can go over terms in my private office?”
“Good. Got a use for those muscles.” Tony takes in Steve’s workout clothes with a glance. “What you’re wearing is fine. Bring the shield.”
“Ah, the American hero returns,” Tony greets. “Haven’t seen you much lately, Cap. Some new promising lead you’d like to share with the class?”
“I regret to inform you I would, sir,” JARVIS interrupts. “In the matter of your health, overrides are not acknowledged.”
“Well, this guy”—Tony jerks a thumb at Steve—“is long overdue for learning to dance. Decades. You might say he’s making up for lost time.”
Lou looks startled at the address but recovers quickly. “Captain,” he returns, “and Mr. Stark, we appreciate the help. Most of this my guys can handle just fine, but we don’t got the equipment for the heavier stuff higher up.”
Tony turns the mic on and flashes his most brilliant grin. “Thank you for your generosity, honored guests, but I'm afraid this one’s taken.”
The thing about Steve is he has this way of looking at people that makes them feel like they’re the only thing that matters. Earnest, maybe, but without any kind of naiveté. Steve is looking at Tony like that now, sun-bright joy.
I was all set to post this last week and then I decided Nat ought to have her turn at being an A+ friend. Hopefully, it's worth the few extra days :)
Steve tries to catch Tony’s eye, but the other man is looking anywhere but Steve. He’s breathing hard and still flushed, and if he hadn’t had his surgery last year, Steve would be worried about his heart. Steve doesn’t see Clint and Nat make eye contact and have one of their eerie nonverbal conversations. And he also doesn’t notice his own team closing ranks around him. Next thing he’s aware of is Sam and Wanda on either side of him, yanking him forward and after the group ahead that’s treating Tony much the same way.
Tony eyes him, and Steve realizes his joke might have come out sharper than intended. “Okay, well, you’re the one bringing it up at sparring practice.”
Tony takes out his phone. First, he sends an email to Pepper with a heads-up of his plans—personal growth! he thinks—and indicating the PR department should be given generous bonuses by the end of the summer.
“Right,” Steve says, too surprised to do anything but agree. “You know, I met him once. Ralph Branca.”
The woman barks out a startled laugh, then ducks her head to check her laptop. “Yep, I see you on the list. Here are some nametags. Your lessons are down those stairs and to the left.”
." I suppose it works out, since July 4th is apparently Steve's birthday, but I'm deeply skeptical that man is not a fire sign.
, Steve. Pepper is crafty. Who knows what she’s dragged you into unwittingly.” Tony gasps and points at him. “It’s happening right now! You’re distracting me with your aw-shucks-this-century-and-all-it’s-texting routine!”
“You’re awfully calm about me tossing you around without permission,” Tony observes. “I expected another invitation to go a few rounds.”
