"No big deal. Now you're all here so I think I'll leave" Castiel eyes trail down as he shoves his hands in his pockets, walking away not waiting for a reply. He was almost out of the hospital when he hears the familiar deep voice again, and turning around he sees Sam Smith trotting towards him.
"I know damn it! But it's the first time I missed an appointment, can't he cut me some slack. Yes it was because of an emergency!"
Dean eyes flick on Castiel, but his hands are already pulling up the collar of his shirt, his head dipped down to avoid eye contact.
“Just a couple of minutes ahead” he mutters, seeing with the corner of his eye Dean’s shoulder relax a little.
He took a step towards the elevator then stopped, sniffing the air. A weird, pungent smell was permeating the corridor, seemingly coming from 6H. He decides to walk closer. Yes, it was definitely coming from there. A gas leak maybe.
Two people were plastered next to 6H, slick sounds coming from their entangled bodies, and it took Dean only a couple of steps to realize that the one held against the wall was his neighbour. A rather muscular, dark haired man was pinning him down, sucking at his neck like a starved vampire, hand's clawing and pinching all over the other's torso, while Castiel's hands were on the man hips, either to try and keep him from grinding him into the wall or to help him in the process. Dean did not want to investigate but looking up to Castiel's face was a mistake. His blue eyes seemed glazed, hazy, and only gained focus when Dean did not avoid his stare, a wicked smile stretching his lips, that looked chapped, swollen and red. Dean felt a rush coming up his neck and cheeks, the panting and wet sounds sending throbbing sensations he was not used to all over his body. He licked his lips, blindly reaching for his keys at the same time Castiel tries and push off the man, whose only reaction is to shove him against the hard drywall with enough force to draw a low grunt from him, eyes closing for a moment, breaking the incantation that seemed to have glued Dean's feet on the floor. He rushes in his apartment, locking the door and walking straight to the bathroom without removing his shoes for the first time since he'd moved in. Not caring that his blazer was not supposed to get wet he splashes a good amount of water on his face, not sure why he was breathing that heavily, the air scratching his throat like glass. Not even taking a cold shower was enough to calm him down, his body reacting completely on its own. He honestly couldn’t remember the last time he'd sported an erection that huge. Or painful. He ended up tossing and turning in his bed until two in the morning, his brain refusing to shut down, the scene he'd witnessed replaying on loop in front of his eyes.
"Money well spent!" the blond man snickers, sauntering toward Castiel, who steps aside to let him in, disappearing after one quick glance at Dean, with only the ghost of his jokester smile lingering on his lips.
"I am" he finally replies, avoiding Dean’s eyes not because he was lying but because he could see the man struggled to believe him. Dean insists, strengthening his grip on his arm, not enough to hurt him but enough to make him wince
The man had slouched back, inching into an almost laying position hour after hour, his head now resting on the back of the chair
"Are you sure?" the angel had whispered carefully, almost afraid that he'd heard wrong, eliciting the biggest smile Dean had ever had on his face.
The man walks out after twenty minutes, the confused expression back on his face upon seeing him, but Dean ignores it, walking up to him
Dean shakes his head, scratching his chin and wearing some old jeans and a shirt, remembering the hungry look that sorry excuse for a punk had thrown at Castiel’s body before rubbing his hands together like he’d just seen a big, yummy steak. It made him sick. And annoyed. Was “Castiel” even his real name?
Dean smelt the weed even before the elevator doors slid open, the stink making his nausea even worse. His side had been pulling and stinging all day. Castiel, was laid back on his door frame, facing him, wearing black slacks and a white button down. Dean just lowers his eyes, hoping to get to his door without having to make small talk.
When the door opened again on the sixth floor he sighed, relieved that the corridor was empty. Inside his home he let himself fall on the leather couch, wiggling his body as close as he could to the backseat pillows. He had a lot to do, the house to clean, but his eyelids were heavy. He didn't usually take naps, he always thought they were a waste of time. But the couch was incredibly comfy and his body had turned into gelatin, so he just gave up to the sweet call of unconsciousness, falling into a disturbed sleep, dreaming about when he was six and his father was yelling at him because he'd forgotten to feed Sammy, and about when he was eleven and he'd fallen off his bike scratching his knee, and John had told him to man up and stop crying. And about blue eyes, that seemed to stare at his very soul.
He shrugs, typing in the number, but stops again when he has to choose a username. He could put in his name – he knew it was weird enough. He had never been good at coming up with things. He settles for ‘Jimmy’, his middle name. Choosing a character proves difficult too. He reads the list:
"Seriously, are you ok?" Castiel asks again, and Dean forces himself to concentrate on the outside world, not sure he could speak.
Dean frowns, looks at Cas, who’s staring down at his folded hands, then back at the doctor, who shrugs
"Cas please tell me what's wrong. Is it your wing? Did I make it worse?" Dean sounded so worried it made his heart ache.
"Dean.." Cas whines softly and Dean realizes just how tight his grip on the other's wrist was, letting go and rubbing his face. He was tired. And needed to talk to Cas. Alone.
Three grey dots pulse on the white part of the chat that had opened at the bottom of the screen then
Cas smiles and takes a step forward, without making any attempt to stop the men that were tearing all his furniture apart.
Hearing green eyes say his name is weird, so he forces himself to focus, feeling a couple of tears roll down his cheeks.
Dean hopes his voice is calm and assuring, but the look he receives from the man beside him is impenetrable.
"Oh c'mon!" Charlie reply is accompanied by an exaggerated eyeroll "We both know you will say yes after I ask you three times so just take it"
He unclenches his jaw the moment he hears a soft crack coming from his closed fist, and quickly checks the cassette, breathing out only when he’s sure he hasn’t damaged it.
After paying, Dean walks out of the shop as fast as he can, with the intention of never getting back in there again. Charlie was waiting for him, sitting next to his door.
“I am not judging, I am familiar with the Dom-Sub dynamic myself, but it becomes a problem when one gets injured. The scar on his collarbone, for example, could’ve been avoided buy disinfecting it immediately”
He turns around, bolting out ready to search the whole Camp, colliding again against the girl with brown eyes. This time she fell butt first onto the ground
Cas hadn’t kissed a lot of people. Well, only one, the reaper. And even then, it had been her to guide him. That’s why when e fists the wet fabric of Dean’s flannel and pulls the man against him, he misses big time, only catching the corner of Dean’s mouth, crashing down maybe a little too hard, feeling his lower lip split open on his own teeth.
"Not helping..." Cas replies to him, clenching his jaw and swallowing, looking away at Dean’s hurt eyes and to the girl, who had gone silent
Castiel doesn't answer, his eyes scurrying the lines before giving a small nod and bending forward in an attempt to stand up that is immediately cut off by a grunt and Dean's hand on his shoulder, that had moved before his brain even gave the order.
"Dean you deserve this" Cas voice is low but holds so much power that Dean instinctively stops breathing. He feels Cas warm hand envelope his fist, his body tensing up for a moment, before relaxing completely into the touch, "You deserve to be loved, to be cherished, to be celebrated. Dean you are the most caring, beautiful, bright, brave soul I have ever encountered, you need to remember that".
He barely acknowledges the girls that were leaving, tired and still a little off from the drug that was circulating in his system, smiling at them tho, whispering compliments on their appearances, as each one passed next to him, one just saying bye, one whispering his name, and a couple scraping their nails on his bare back and chest. He only looked up when the last one giggled a thin "rightfull leader" before walking out.
Castiel ponders for a moment, his eyes following Dean's gestures, then shoves his hands inside his jeans' pockets.
Dean almost rushes home, paying only half attention to preparing for his date, feeling like every type of pants were uncomfortable, and during dinner he doesn’t listen to a word Joanne’s saying. He fortunately doesn’t have the half erection anymore. But his mind is racing.
Richard had instructed her, pointing at where the road intersected with the main street, before moving out, and as relieved as Cas was that she wasn't going to be in the line of fire the thought of her being alone was not reassuring.
John Smith voice is sharp, unimpressed, but before any of them could talk a nurse walked on the trio, smiling brightly, obviously oblivious to the sudden rigid atmosphere
"I overheard your phone call... I wouldn't want you to get in trouble because of me. You can go now."
“Should you smoke while taking the medicines?” he asks before his brain could warn him that it might sound a little offensive. Castiel takes his money scrolling his shoulders
Cas was pretty sure it wasn’t weird at all that his cheeks had suddenly become really warm, he knew what embarrassment was. He’d confessed to Dean, and he had meant every word, but waking up embraced in the arms of the man you loved was still a lot to process, especially when you thought you weren’t going to see him again.
"He lives in 6H" Dean insist, not knowing why. Every fiber of his body was telling him to just walk away.
“Also, on a side note… I realize it’s none of my business, but you look like a nice couple” his eyes stop on Dean, but his hands point at Cas “most of those scars could’ve been avoided by being a little more careful, maybe using a safe word, or just taking a little more care after”
The radio seemed to pick on just really old channels,but Dean didn’t really mind. It was nice to have some background noise when they worked.
And even though he knows better than letting down his guard Castiel does, raising his head to drown into desperate green eyes, bloodshot and puffed, but still beautiful, Dean’s smile pulled tight as his hands are back on the angel’s shoulder, gripping tight.
He does not answer, wrapping his arms around his torso and raising his knees to his chest. The air was chillier, but until he had his wings out he didn't see how he could wear a shirt.
"You're late, we're all starving" John replies, getting up and pulling in the momentum Brian up with him. He stops, looking Dean up and down, and he feels compelled to straighten his white button down and his jeans. After a couple of seconds the old man huffs, walking to the kitchen with his grandson, who was oblivious to the tension that had filled the room in just those few moments and was still gurgling happily. Sam wasn't of course, his lips stretched thin in a forced smile, the silent
"I won't disappoint you" he insists looking back at him, staring at him like he used to do when he could still see his soul. Dean nods
"it's okay, it's okay! No one will see you, I promise, but we gotta get you stitched up" the man spoke softly, his face so close to Cas' he could count his freckles.
First he cleaned up the living room, then he spent more than he should've in the shower, letting the hot water run through his hair and on his sore back muscles. He was getting too old for sleeping on the couch. At one point he just stood still, head against the wall since his eyes kept on loosing focus, slowly swallowing down the bile that was forming into his mouth, a little bit of panic settling on his chest when he realized that if he were to faint no one would've found him. Forcing himself to take shallow breaths, he calms down, and an hour later he was greeted by his ginormous little brother on the doorstep of his childhood home.
"Cas! Cas what's wrong?" Dean yelps, falling on his knees beside him, the hand that was on his shoulder now on his back, dangerously close to his scapula.
I like you... Castiel dares to think, feeling his mind drifting. He was tired, even more so now that he was laying down.
He finds the angel in the kitchen, and like Dean was excepting him to do he got up as soon as Dean walked in, glancing shortly at him. Dean rolls his eyes at the angel dramatic ass, calling him out
He lets go of the man’s flannel, but Dean holds his and into place a bashful little smile tugging the corner of his lips.
He’d tried to listen to it during one of his and Dean’s car rides, but the man had immediately forbidden it, cutting his questions with a harsh “you listen to that thing alone. You understand?”
Dean opens his mouth, confused by what Castiel had just said, then his last words punch him in the stomach
Dean had said those words over a year before, but he couldn't forget them. They were standing just like that, in Castiel's barrack. That day they'd survived a vicious croatoan's attack, Dean had almost been killed, and Cas had grabbed his shoulder, stopping him before he could dive into a suicidal counterattack together with Richard and other officers. He still remembered him going stiff, something that had never happened before, and his eyes, that usually searched the blue ones, roaming around and avoiding his stare at all cost. That night Dean had told him that some of the troupes were starting to question his command because he seemed so inclined to do whatever a broken angel -their words not mine had assured Dean- asked him to.
Castiel puts down the phone with a little more force than he intended to, his heart missing a beat when he hears a cracking sound. He could not afford another phone. If he had money, he wouldn’t have moved in that hell hole two weeks before, way too far from the community college he worked and apparently home to the most obnoxious people. Of course he was just thinking of his neighbour, because he had not met – or tried to – anyone else. He was not a people person. If he was maybe a friend would’ve helped him see that the relationship he was in was just a very elaborated scam, and he would’ve broke it off before the man he was with burned all his savings. It hadn’t even been a real relationship, for two years they didn’t go as far as hugging in public, because he was not out yet – or at least that was his explanation every time Castiel had dared to hold his hand in front of someone.
He clicks on the lamp on his nightstand and his eyes immediately fall on the dried-up coffee stain on his leg, the previous day coming back, crushing down on him like a boulder.
you comes one, trying to push the tears back in. He doesn’t like it, his heart misses a beat every time the words ‘leave you’ reverberate in his chest, sinking in with each deep stroke of the guitar. It’s difficult, to listen to it this time, more than ever, but he pushes through, swallowing hard when it skips to
The angel stops moving, the fog in his mind lifting slowly. That was Joyce's voice, why was Joyce there? What would she have said if she found he and Dean together in bed? But then he tentatively moved a hand where the other man was supposed to be, feeling only emptiness. Dean was gone, and his heart sunk into his stomach.
Dean hears Sam chuckle and smiles, bringing into the kitchen what was left of the cake. He was still trying to forget about what Jack had done. He was still fighting against his anger. What Sam kept repeating to him, that Jack did not have a soul at the time, that he wasn't himself, helped a little. Jack was a good kid. He could give him a second chance. Or at least he could try.
Castiel doesn’t move, just closes his eyes and whispers “you’re not real”. Like he’s done for the other thousand times the Empty had tortured him with this. It always started like that. He would open his eyes, the gook retrieving itself to show the room he died in, Dean in front of him. The first time Castiel almost believed he was back. Then the Dean in front of him had started laughing maniacally, his face contorted in a sneering mask, and everything had gone back to black.
Castiel reply is cut short from his own grunt as ungracefully kneels to rummage into the bag. Fergus doesn’t let go of the bite, his face turning to Dean almost as he had asked for an explanation
“And what are you the fairy gaymother?” the man shoots back, but his bark has lost all his power now and the lines on his forehead made Dean wonder for a moment if that demon-looking man actually cared. Castiel sigh brings his attention back on him. His eyes are softer, his hand reaching out with the palm facing up
Castiel knew he didn't stand a chance, but he wasn't going down without a fight. After all he just needed some time.
Dean does not sleep, and when the sun shines inside his apartment Sunday morning he's groggy and grumpy, the realization that he was living across of some kind of sex worker very much present in his brain.
When the black goo receded enough for him to see again Dean was standing in front of him, arms slightly outstretched, brows drawn together. Castiel feels the slick sticky ooze slide off his shoulder, arms, waist, legs, until nothing is left. He doesn’t turn his head, he knows he’s in the bunker, the dim light didn’t stop him from seeing the hunter’s red rimmed shiny eyes.
Had been Crowley’s words, when he called him that morning. Castiel really thought Dean was different, innocent almost, not like most of the men he had to sleep with. That’s why it had been refreshing to flirt with him, seeing him blush and look up through his long eyelashes was the cutest thing he’d ever seen. Apparently, he was wrong. And he knew it was stupid to be annoyed, it’s not like he had any right to, but he was tired, his chest still hurt, he hadn’t had any luck at night, prowling in bars.
Castiel finally turns to face him, and Dean’s heart misses a beat. They were really close. A wicked grin appears on his lips and Dean scoots as far as he can on his stool without falling.
“You can keep it” he says, patting his shoulder once before closing the door, and Cas walks back to his room, a little slower this time. When he lies on the bed, head and shoulders propped on two pillows, his hands are shaking. He knows because it takes him two tries to slip the headset on, his body tense like a violin chord.
Castiel stares at him, leaning slightly forward, and Dean immediately needs air, coming down with the worst claustrophobic attack in his life, the shop suddenly way too small for two people.
He watches her until she disappeared, walking back into the barrack just in time to catch Cas before he could fall off the bed. Grabbing him by his shoulders Dean kneels in front of him, calling his name.
“It’s ok, man, don’t need to talk about it” had been Dean’s words, glue-y, wet, delivered with trembling lips and a shaky pat on his shoulder, before he got up and put some distance between them, busying himself with cleaning a bowl full of something – probably what was used for the spell.
Maybe he was afraid Castiel would sue him, that’s why he was showing so much concern, but that was screwing with his ability to think straight and Castiel needed him to stop coming around. He would’ve left the store already if getting that job hadn’t been so easy, and not being completely broke was nice. At least he could eat. It was with a certain feeling of pride that he saw the man blush at his words, flustered looked good on him, but Cas relaxed only when he walked out of the store, clutching the candies to his very toned chest.
He bends over on the keyboard, jaw clenched in frustration, trying to decide if it was just better to close the laptop and go to bed, when suddenly another character appears on the screen. A hunter, from the looks of it – they all had the same flannel, although Castiel had seen different colours, maybe that was customizable. The little man on screen runs right next to Castiel’s avatar, guns blazing, and soon enough the enemies – a pack of werewolves, he’d been stuck on that side - quest right from the start – puffs away in a splatter of blood. Immediately after a ping comes through, the username of the avatar popping on the left corner of the screen.
The rest of the day passed, not fast, but passed, and at half past six he was finally driving home - working late had become a regular thing in the past couple of weeks. He didn’t mind. Or at least he didn’t complain. Men don’t complain, they get the job done.
He leans on the elevator frame, finding the cold metal against his burning forehead both soothing and painful. He swallows hard, the bile concentrating at the back of his throat every time his stomach churned. He hadn't realized he was losing conscience until a voice brought him back to reality.
Castiel had paused at that. He couldn’t believe it himself, but he had actually enjoyed playing with someone. Moving from one point to another took different minutes – unless you paid real money of course, but just like him Impala69 didn’t seem inclined to do so (
He nods automatically, recognizing even over the buzzing in his ears the voice of his next client, finally succeeding at sitting straight but still seeing red dots dance in front of his eyes. He blinks hard, knowing better than to let the black pooling at the brink of his vision take over. Fainting in front of strangers had never ended well from him. Sometimes robbed, sometimes injured. One time without his clothes, curled up in a dark alley.
He sighs, looking around, when his eyes land on something familiar. A convenience store. He recognizes the name, but it takes him a couple of seconds to remember from where. Castiel's vest. He wondered if the man was working in that moment. He hadn't really had a chance to thank him. Hadn't he taken Dean to the hospital he would've probably choked on his own vomit.
he answers, this time placing the phone on the counter much more softly. It didn’t break the first time, he wasn’t going to push his luck, especially since he seemed to have so little of it. When he comes back with a glass of water there are two messages from Gabriel
Dean smiles, taking a step forward when Cas holds up his hands to stop him, suddenly a serious expression painted on his face. Dean’s heart races, his stomach dropping on the floor in front of him.
That night he doesn’t sleep well again, his minds refusing to shut down. He wanted to know more about Castiel – he couldn’t really come up with an excuse on why, but he was working on it. That’s why he stops again to the convenience store the day after.
"Oh... I don't..." she muttered, blushing hard, looking mortified, rubbing a hand on her increasingly watering eye, or maybe just flustered because a stranger who strongly smelled of weed was offering her a ride. Cas didn't know which one. But her big brown eyes looked so lost his heart went out to her. She was way too young to be there.
Castiel knew he could not defeat the demons and save her and himself at the same time. But there was another way, another very dangerous way.
He tries to convince himself, turning on his side and pulling his knees to his chest, the foetal position somehow alleviating the pain in his side.
The girl didn't move, her eyes flickering between the two of them, but Cas kept his eyes stubbornly focused on her. He hears Dean sigh a defeated "Just do it".
Cas clears his throat, a wave of confidence rushing in his chest. Dean was there, Dean was opening up to him, telling him what was wrong, and if there was one thing for sure was that he was put on that planet to do was to help Dean whenever he could.
Dean swallows air, pulling at his tie, ready to just walk to the elevator and never look back, when from behind his neighbour appears a figure, a short, bald man intent in buttoning up his shirt, his eyes shifty, like he'd just done something he was not supposed to do. He quickly glances at Dean, completely ignoring the other man who was standing right beside him, then walks down the corridor and stops to wait for the elevator.
"Oh... I’m... I'm sorry I just thought... Well, it looked..." Sam eyes were looking everywhere but at him, one of his hand nervously pushing his hair back. It's fun to watch, but Castiel decides to put him out of his misery.
He ends up sitting on the stool, staring at the door for longer than any sane person would, the coffee getting colder by the minute.
"Listen very carefully green eyes" the man growls, evoking a weak and undignified whimper from Dean's throat, "as much as I enjoy our little waltzes in the hallway no, it is not your place. So go your merry way, and I will do the same"
His own body convulsing against a strong blow to his gut is what wakes him up. He’s conscious when the second punch hits him, one strong hand keeping him in a sitting position, two green eyes really close to his face, but before he can say a word his stomach churns, flips inside out and his throat is filled with bile and regurgitated whiskey. He throws up on himself, then a little more on the ground, when the hand that was holding him helps him turn and push his body sideways.
Dean stares down at the very pregnant lady Cas had given his seat to. She smiles reassuringly at him
Dean swallows air, not able to look away, feeling his cheeks on fire hearing the nick name the man seemed so fond of using for him
Cas nods, absentmindedly grazing his fingertips on the little bump the tape made, feeling it press into his flesh even though there was obviously a layer of clothing in between.
And Cas relaxes, nuzzling against Dean’s neck, his eyes closing and his breath evening, not a care in the world. Dean was there, his Dean was there, the world could've ended tomorrow, because the man he loved was laying next to him and he was the happiest he'd been in a long time.
"Cas?" Dean called him again, and instinctively he tries to get up on his feet, only managing to push himself half way, heavily leaning against the wooden wall, turning blindly toward the voice, but when he is finally able to focus his eyes he realized Dean was not looking at him but behind him, one hand on his shoulder the other stretched out, uncertain. That's when shame clamp down on him. Dean was looking at his wings, for the first time Dean was looking at them and they looked like that. Panicking, he swiftly tries to pull them back inside his vessel. The wave of pain that rushed over him as he tried to move his right wing to retrieve it made his knees buckle and he crushes on the floor, the momentum cutting off his breath so that only a strangled sound come out of his throat.
"And you totally look like Bing Crosby" she replies fast, cocky as always, before going to stand next to Donna, who was nervously repeating the words for the ceremony. Dean had asked her to officiate. His eyes scanned the small crowd once again. It was weird, to see so many butchered hunters dressed so nicely. He couldn't remember if he'd ever seen Jody in a dress, but there she was, sitting in the front row next to Alex, Patience and Kaia, all of them looking gorgeous. She waves at him when their eyes meet and he nods back, smiling fondly.
"What? It's true!" Joyce replies barely turning back to him, her eyes seemingly glued on Cas’s wings "The book says angel wings are small and white, like a dove's, his are HUGE! And they are black, but I can see green and blue hues when they move!"
“I’m going to do… A thing. We haven’t had the time to do a lot of things lately, busy finding a way to get you back…”
He doesn't finish. Castiel cuts him off by simply whipping around to stare him down, dark shadows hovering again in his blue eyes.
Dean spends the next fifteen minutes with an annoying four eyes in administration, explaining that the last time they were there he had used his own insurance because he caused the accident, but he had forgotten to specify it on the form, and that’s why it looked like Castiel was using it as his own.
“Can I help you?” the man asks, passing one hand in his short dark blond hair, voice almost as deep as his own, but somehow missing the gravelly note that Castiel’s had and that he hated. He swallows, his eyes catching the hoover in the man’s hand – a very strong hand, his brain underlines, before he can shake it straight – and he remembers why he’s standing in front of his neighbour in grey sweatpants and white t-shirt, hair probably all over the place, looking like a startled crackhead
Dean woke up startled by his phone buzzing on his ribcage, answering it before even opening his eyes.
"Why are you smiling?" the angel asks, squinting in his direction, head tilting and forehead wrinkling, and Dean breaks into a grin
The Hoover’s sound starts out muffled, far. But as Castiel is pulled out of his slumber it becomes an annoying buzz, soon accompanied by the screech of chairs being moved around.
"It's nothing new really, I'm fine now..." he continues, trying again to push himself away, but Dean's arms didn't budge, instead they pulled him even closer, the space between them was so small he could feel the other's chest brush against his knuckles, carefully drawn to his own body, every time he exhaled.
Dean scrolls his shoulders, feeling the heat of the alcohol starting to cripple behind his neck. Or at least that's what he tells himself. He hoped, no he prayed, that he wasn't blushing.
“Dean!” he calls again and finally the man spins around, clothes stuck to his body. If his eyes weren’t so red it could’ve looked like it was just water falling from the sky, damping his cheeks.
Castiel stares at the screen, hands hovering, the balloon of irritation that had sewll in his chest deflating rapidly as a red rush crept up his neck and cheeks. He quickly searches for a way to delete the message, but apparently it wasn’t a feature. That was the fastest – and the crudest – he’d ever come out to someone. He’d accepted himself long ago, but he’d been shamed or threaten enough during his twenties to make him a little more careful when it came to his sexuality. That’s why he’d mostly only dated through apps – never more than one dinner usually – and then he’d accepted a secret relationship, that not only drained his finances but also his spirit.
Cas expression changes, the corner of his mouth pulling upwards in a playful smile, a glimpse of mischief in his eyes
The first time that happened when he was human it had been very different. At the beginning it felt like an itch that he didn’t know how to scratch. Then the pressure had gone from uncomfortable to borderline painful. He’d tried to take care of it by himself, he’d walked on Dean doing it many times. Once Dean had called him a Peeping Tom and his only reaction had been to scroll his shoulders and suggest Dean stopped letting his mind roam towards him when he didn’t want him in the room. Dean had gone red and Castiel had just stared, not understanding the man’s reaction. Now he did, because his mind often drifted to Dean whenever he felt that uncomfortable tent forming in his pants and always tried to excuse himself as fast as he could to get as much distance as possible from the man before his cheeks could flush bright burgundy. But taking care of his sexual needs by himself had proven a lot more difficult, he wasn’t sure the process was supposed to be painful, or he was just really bad at it, and it always left him unsatisfied and humiliated.
Castiel eyes sparkle and the lines around them deepen. He knew what he was doing, making the man uncomfortable enough so that he would stop coming to the store. He had other problems at the moment and couldn’t afford being distracted.
"It was... nothing" he croaks, not really sure where to put his hands. There was so little space between them the options were on Dean's chest or awkwardly pressed on himself. He decided to go with the second one.
He didn’t want to do it again; he hated himself the moment he’d done it. But Dan groans, rolling his eyes all the way to the bunker and back.
“Two missed appointments, two strikes. I would be mad but at least I got to spend that time staring at your beautiful face, so…”
He doesn't have an answer for that question. He has no idea what's wrong with him, why he feels the need to see the blue-eyed man - he lies to himself, using the excuse of "I have to say thank you", although he could totally wait until the next time he meets him in the hallway.
Dean snaps out of his dumbfounded paralysis only when he hears the soft thud of a closing door. Castiel was gone. He slowly reaches the elevator as the doors are opening, and the short man was hopping in. He steps aside motioning for Dean to join him, but he strongly scrolls his head
"Sammy, still ridiculously tall I see" he replies, stepping in just for a small child to run up to him and collide with his legs.
"You know he doesn't swing that way; you should stop coming here to find him" Cas jokes, stepping closer to the other man, waiting for him to take a step back, a waltz they’d started a year before. But this time Dean doesn’t retreat, the change in his behavior confusing Cas just for a moment, before his attention goes to the blood on the man’s clothes and neck
He closes his eyes, his heart beating a little bit faster in front of the complete darkness behind his eyelids. After another couple of knocks whoever was behind his door goes away, and he tries to relax, the knots in between his shoulder blades burning painfully, reminding him that was the point where he used to have his wings, or at least their physical manifestation. When he opens his eyes again his throat closes up for a moment because the room had gone pitch black now that the sun was gone and that meant it was time for him to sleep. Reaching under his bed with a hand he grabs a tin box, placing it next to him and rummaging carefully inside it, blindly grabbing a small rattling container. He didn’t need to see it to know what was inside, popping out on the palm of his hand a few round pills. That sedative was pretty powerful, he’d only taken it once and it had knocked him unconscious for more than twelve hours. Chuck gave it to him, but only after Castiel had promised to be careful and don’t overdose.
Dean was. He had not understood every word Castiel had said, but he got the meaning. The man thought he was staying around because he wanted to hire him.
Taken by surprised by the waves of pleasure Cas arches his back, once and for all closing the distance between their bodies, his eyes squeezing shut, hands darting to the man's shirt, feeling the need to grab something. When Dean rolls his feathers in between his fingers he gives up trying to stay silent, moaning loudly in the crook of Dean's neck, his body shuddering, his mind barely registering the slight pain he felt when his right wing trembled.
He tried to do that the very same night, knocking on Dean’s bedroom door, getting only silence from the other side and a hesitant “he’s probably sleeping… These past few days have been hard on him” from Sam.
He doesn’t sleep – he knows he has to, he’s human. But his brain is on overdrive, Dean’s low I need to tell you something bouncing around in his head.
Dean saw the hurt in Cas eyes, but he was too angry. He thought he had condemned the angel to be a human, he thought he had taken from him not only heaven but also what made him... well him. And Cas had let him believe that.
Castiel shudders, his body now a useless puddle of skin and organs on the mattress held together only by Dean’s arms.
Castiel doesn’t look back now that he can avoid it, now that Dean is not so close and he could feel his breaths on his face. He stares at a random point behind the man’s ear instead, the particles disturbed by them when they stormed inside his barrack dancing around in the streams of light that managed somehow to come through the crusty windowpane positioned right next Castiel’s head. A few inches to the left and Dean would have probably smashed his head through it. He wouldn’t have complained anyway. The sun was setting, and Dean’s anger with it, slowly simmering down to irritation and exasperation.
"Shit! Cas I'm sorry did I hurt you?" Dean asks, stopping immediately, backing up a little so that the angel could turn around and face him, but Cas didn't move. What was he even supposed to say? That he liked that? That he missed Dean's touch and closeness so much he didn’t want to move even if he knew that Dean would have been disgusted at the knowledge that touching his wing, the way he was going it, actually brought him pleasure?
But moments pass by an nothing changes, Dean pressed against his back, a solid, reassuring presence next to him, so he slowly dares to exhales. After what felt like an eternity even though it probably wasn’t Dean embrace relaxes, but he doesn’t pull back, only moves his forehead to rest from Cas’s neck to in between his shoulder blades, talking into his skin, his voice hoarse and barely audible
Cas eyes wonders, stopping on Dean's face just the time to see the green ones roll almost all the way into his skull
"You son of a bitch" Dean glowers, grabbing him by the white button-down collar to crush their lips together, the cheers of the crowd drowned out by his own happiness.
What Castiel had said at the hospital, about how his clientele did not like to wait around, kept him awake for a good part of the night, so when Saturday morning his brother called to tell him that Brian wasn't feeling well and it was best if they just skipped family lunch that week he was actually relieved, especially when Sam couldn't keep up the act for more than two minutes and confessed that Brian was in fact fine and he just wanted Dean to rest.
"I wasn't talking to you" he replies, a mischievous undertone flicking in his voice, something he hadn’t dared to use in a while, that wasn’t how soldier talked, but in that moment it just felt right. And it felt even better when he saw the angel roll his eyes so strongly the blue disappeared for a moment. The corners of Dean's mouth turned up. Cas hadn't rolled his eyes at him in what seemed like forever.
It had felt immediately better to shim it off, the oppressive sensation on his shoulders replaced by a chill breeze, but while folding it carefully, a mix of emotions rushes over him. That trench coat had been a part of him, the old him, the angel, that’s where it had all started. When he remembers that Dean had carried it with him for so long after what he’d done with the leviathan his throat closes up and for a moment he panics, because the air is no longer reaching his lungs and he’s human now, he needs oxygen. He closes his eyes, swallowing, and even though he can breathe again the lump remains stuck, lodged right at the back of his adam’s apple.
Castiel squints his eyes, furrowing his eyebrows, then his face smooths again, the smirk Dean knew well blossoming on his lips
"Wha- What?" Dean stutters, and suddenly Castiel is very aware of his green eyes following his every move.
Cas refrains himself from stating his true opinion, rolling his eyes so hard for a moment the road disappeared from his vision. What he really wanted to reply was not appropriate for her age, so he settles for a seemingly innocent questions, regretting it immediately
He couldn’t remember the name of the first woman he’d slept with. She’d been very nice to him, sweet even, but after he’d just barricaded himself inside his barrack, feeling uncomfortable and slightly ashamed. The second time he had sex he smoked weed beforehand, and it went better. Then he had realized that with more people involved it lasted longer, and that meant more time spent without having to think about how low he’d fallen.
“What’s that gibberish?” Dean clarifies, pointing with his beer to the old radio sitting on the map table. They’d found it in one of the many rooms of the bunker, half broken, together with some other pieces of junk. Dean had insisted on fixing it, working with his hands was something that calmed him. Yes, he and Cas had gotten over their last fight – he still firmly believed he was right, killing Billie was gonna bite them in the ass eventually – but the truce was still a work in progress, he and the angel merely avoided openly shouting at each other, concentrating their efforts more on broody stares and annoyed glances.
He just nods, the movement making his head spin and his stomach convulse. Before he can stop himself he bends over, projectile vomiting on the floor. Instead of moving away Castiel reaches out, grabbing him before he can collapse in his own filth, keeping him up. Dean gags again, shivering and wincing when the other man grip tightens around his arm, the other hand rubbing comforting circles on the small of his back before disappearing again. Dean eyes flutters, black pooling at the brink of his vision, Castiel's voice seemingly far away
"Dean" the angel had said, his voice gravelly but steady "we don't have to make love for us to cuddle. We can just do that".
"Can I do anything?" she cuts him off and he was about to say no when he saw how worried she was. Also, he didn't want to leave Cas alone.
Once home, at eleven pm, he’s not tired at all. He decides to do laundry, something he usually left for Fridays. He grabs whatever looks slightly dirty, picking up last the jeans with the coffee stain, checking the pockets and finding the black card the tiny English man had given to him. He goes to crumple it two times, stopping to stare at the red numbers, before deciding to pick up his phone and dial
"Cas, yes. I know it's just a formality and I'm not exactly marriage material but -" his words had been caught off by Cas lips, his hand sneaking on the back of Dean's head to push him down. Dean had smiled in the kiss, forcing himself away from it using all the will power that he had left, snickering, gently stroking away Cas happy tears
His eyes go back to his reflection, and he notices his hair had gotten a little longer. He should remember to cut them before Saturday's lunch with his family, the last time he hadn't for the whole day his Dad had made snarky comments about it - apparently his brother shoulder length hair didn't bother him as much.
He practices how to say the phrase all evening. Pacing up and down in his room, he rolls the words on his tongue, trying different tones. At ten pm he marches into the kitchen, confident, pushing up the sleeves of his favourite green flannel, worn on top of one of his old black t-shirts, maybe a little too tight on him after many years of poorly executed laundry. His brother passes him in the hallway, raising an eyebrow, but Dean doesn’t pay him attention, his mind focused on a mission. To put things back to normal with Cas.
In the same exact moment Dean's eyes went wide, Sam's head whipped in Castiel's direction, and John face was drained of every colour. The nurse didn't seem to notice the change in them, continuing her explanation
"Good morning bitch!" Charlie's voice shrills from the receiver, drilling into his already pounding head. He'd had four beer the night before. Three more than he could handle.
Dean wide eyes moves to the crowd, meeting Garth's. The lycanthrope smiled brightly, waving at him before looking back at the kid in his lap.
The alley was dark, filthy and narrow, like every alley in the world was, but Dean had never been in one. He shudders when he steps on something squishy, trying to ignore the condom laid on the ground next to his foot, focusing on the door a few feet away. He knows he’s supposed to knock, but he goes for the handle, pushing it down and cracking the door open. A blinking neon light illuminated a very short hallway, with a closed door straight ahead and a room a few steps on is right.
Of course Dean had gone fifty shades of red, the words "make love" making him choke on air. He'd been butt naked - literally - in front of that man and still hearing the love and tenderness with which he'd spoken had rendered him unable to think for several minutes. They ended up spooning that night - of course Dean grumbled and complained when Cas embraced him from behind, insisting that he was supposed to be the 'big spoon', but his resolve had died shortly, his whole body melting in Cas strong arms, the angel's nose nuzzling now and then on his neck. Dean had never fallen asleep so quickly. Not sober at least.
It was Thursday, and that meant going for his usual run. He didn't really feel like it, his stomach still burned, but Dean had noticed that in the past months he was looking rather bloated, so he needed the work out. Walking into his apartment he let the keys fall into the bowl at the entrance, strolling into his bedroom, just next to the front door, to change. Unfortunately, he hadn't had the time for laundry that week and all he had clean were a light grey t-shirt and slightly darker grey shorts. It was the end of September, the weather was still perfect. It wasn't the anticipation of getting cold that made him scrunch his nose while pulling the pants up. He just didn't like to wear them because one time, when he'd just moved in and all his clothes were still in boxes around the house, his father had picked them up and laughed, asking him if he'd stolen them from a girl.
"Well apparently not so much that you couldn't answer to Sam!" he whined, crossing his arms around his chest. He hated that he felt like that. He hated how his throat was itching and his gut was twisting.
Castiel blinks, frustration dying in his chest. He did not have an answer to that, a part of ‘he sucked at human interaction’. He clicks on the little red X, closing the chat – at least online it was easier to walk away from an embarrassing moment, but almost immediately Impala69 is blinking again. He opens the message
Charlie swung by like promised, pissed that he'd overworked himself to the point of getting sick - he did not tell her about the ulcer either - and ready to smother him with food and attention, and for a good two hours Dean forgot about his neighbour. He was getting in the elevator after accompanying her to the underground parking lot at eleven pm, when he was reminded of why he'd been so riled up for half the day.
Dean turns around, his eyes dipping on her hand and then back up, and she retrieved it like she had just burned herself
She was staring at his burned, plucked, and now weirdly bent wings. Before she could say anything, he places a hand on her shoulder, forcing her to look into his eyes and forcing his own discomfort down his throat.
Dean’s face catches on fire and he looks down, playing with his food. He hadn't eaten a single bite, dinner was just an excuse, a way of buying him some time to try and untangle his brain.
Dean doesn't hear where Castiel needs a car, his voice flushed out by the sound of him throwing up again, this time against the other man side. He braces himself for being yelled at, or thrown aside. He would've done that after all, if a random stranger had vomited all over him. But Castiel free hand went back on rubbing in between his shoulders, his voice low and calm.
"Are you injured?" he inquires immediately, not able to contain the strained worry in is voice raising a hand to grab Dean's shoulder but remembering to stop halfway, Dean's words ringing in his ear:
Castiel's voice sounds weird to Dean's ears and it takes him a good five seconds to understand why. The man's voice is gruff but soft, not smoky and malicious like usual. Dean just nods. Without his usual hooded stare and flirty smirk Castiel looks like a different person. His features are softer, the blue irises lighter under the bright hospital lights and the ever present five o' clock shadow looks darker. The man takes a couple of steps to get next to the bed, his eyes not leaving Dean's, and somehow that made him more uncomfortable than when he checked him out in the corridor. He squirms a little.
"There, you can't see it so it's not there. I'm sure they'll take it out soon, just try and not think about it too much" he says once finished, looking back at Dean and smiling reassuringly, not a single spark of mock in his eyes.
Cas tilts his head, still looking at him through slitted eyes, but Dean notices his shoulder relaxing a little, so he continues
He was panicking, so he reacted like he always did when his feelings threatened to spill. He got angry.
Sam walks away, giving him a quick pat on his back, but Castiel doesn’t turn. There’s just darkness around him, he knows that.
"Yeah but you weren't..." Dean's eyes trailed off in the distance and Cas follows them to the table behind him, where is blunt was still burning.
They kept silent for a while. Cas felt nauseous and wasn't exactly in the mood for small talk. Black was pooling again around his vision when he hears a sniff. He swallows, trying to ignore it, but then he hears it again and again, so he forces himself once more to focus on the girl. Her eyes were glued on the road in front of them and tears were streaming down her cheeks. Cas furrows his eyebrows.
Castiel rolls his eyes, a motion that moves his whole head, but his stare is back on Dean when his stomach growls again, the sound easy mistakable for the one of a whale in heat. A weak grin appears on Castiel’s pale lips and Dean’s face automatically flushes red
Castiel’s expression softens and again Dean is faced with the man that was standing beside his hospital bed.
Some more scraping sounds from the apartment above his has him bouncing off his seat, walking the short distance between his couch and the kitchenette, rounding the counter that separated it from the tiny living room. He glances at the papers neatly stacked on it, red marks signing the one on the top.
Castiel head is back in the bag and Dean eyes are glued to his back, his brain working fast to try and follow their conversation.
Castiel lays on his back again, abandoning his attempts at getting up. He wasn't ok. His back hurt, his head was spinning, and his chest stung and pulled every time he tried to inhale or exhale.
“It’s… not a problem, it’s my fault. What happened to you?” he asks, but the man concentrates only on the first part of the sentence
Instead, he tries to move away, but Dean didn't let go. He was only able to inch away slightly, enough for him to look up, his nose dangerously close to Dean's lips.
"Cas I told you, don't sneak up on me" he breaths out but Cas doesn't answer, instead reaches around his neck with his hands
"If you say fine I swear..." Dean growls, an empty threat really, because what could he do? But he hates it, he hates that the man in front of him is trying to hide his pain, and he hates that he doesn’t know why that bothers him.
“You know what? I’m tired. I can’t deal with you right now” are the man last words before marching out, shutting the door behind him and leaving Cas alone in the impending darkness.
) but in the end the conversations came to dead ends almost immediately, he knew he was to blame too, and he was pretty sure that next Friday Impala69 was not going to be online.
Three days later and the wedding was ready, thanks to an over enthusiastic Sam - "Finally! Do you know how many years I had to suffer because of you two!" - and Jody incredibly strong willingness to lend them her backyard. All the girls had helped with the decorations - Claire growling for the whole time but they'd discovered she was easier to coax if they let Kaia ask her to do stuff.
Dean slowly lowers his arms, raised in an attempt to protect his ears and head, Cas's voice a quiet whisper coming from somewhere in front of him
Charlie squints, staring at him almost as she knew something but wasn't sure she could say it, and Dean's eyes flickers from one point to another. At last she exhaled, her shoulders sinking down like she had physically dropped the argument, starting to rant about how her new girlfriend seemed to be oblivious about some online game Charlie insisted was the most famous in the world, and he gladly let her, relieved about the change of subject.
“I did warn you not to get a second strike… I’m just executing orders you know” the man in black purrs, pointing at a tattered duffle bag at his feet whit his chin “and you can thank me later for this... you know they usually order to destry everything”. Castiel nods, glancing back at Dean for just one moment.
But before he can even move from his position Cas pulls out the cassette tape, making sure the handwritten ‘Deans top 13 Zepp TRA XX’ is showing. He watches Dean’s back straighten, his hands clutching his legs, all the colour from his face draining. Cas tries to put the tape into the player but Dean’s hand darts out to catch his wrist. It’s a strong, borderline painful grip, but Cas doesn’t pull back. It’s contact. It’s something.
Castiel voice is gruff and lower than ever and travels down Dean spine and into his belly, making him shiver, a single thought bouncing inside his head
"Before... You said you didn't lie to me because you were afraid, but because you were ashamed... of what?"
Dean is not sure of what he’s talking about, but the way the man’s eyes sparkle makes his skin prickle. Castiel waves a hand
But before he could go far he collides with someone and looking down he sees two big brown eyes staring back at him. He recognized the girl; she had come back with Cas. He remembers thinking how odd that was. Mumbling a generic sorry he walks around her, but stops when she grabs his sleeve
Dean knew very well that him almost pushing the man to lay on the couch with a blanket, insisting that he should stay at least for the night, had worked only because Castiel was still weak and probably a little off from the muscle relaxer.
Castiel blinks. He checks that he has in fact sent the previous message then he reads Imapala69’s words again.
He stops in front of room 78, the door is open, and he can see inside the clean, tiny, well-lit studio. A steal exam table covered with white paper occupied half of it, a bin at its foot and a metallic shelf right next to the head.
"When... I'm not tired enough or I'm..." he didn't know how to finish that sentence. How was he supposed to say that he drugged himself to sleep and that the orgies were another mean to an end, other than raids and fights, that he could use to tire himself enough that his body just shut down?
Castiel blinks lazily. Fainting was not an option, not in that moment. He hadn't done anything wrong. If only Dean would listen
Cas didn’t even know what he’d done wrong this time. But if Dean was angry he was supposed to apologizes.
" she almost shouts, before hanging up. Dean knows she will call him again in a couple of hours. But now he has a mission. Which mission he doesn't know.
"Yes Dean. I won't disappoint you." he assures, ducking his head and walking out, feeling Dean’s eyes burn a hole in his back.
Shaking his head, he starts the car. None of his business. He was already late. Eleven minutes late, that turned into twenty, when he got stuck into rush hour. When he finally gets into his office he's annoyed and his striped button-down was stained of sweat. He then has to spend another ten minutes in his boss office, getting reminded how time was money and especially in that moment someone with his position could not behave so irresponsibly.
“Yes” he hears himself say instead, almost an out of body experience, and the woman points to the front desk.
That was all Castiel had replied when Dean had asked him to stay, looking at him like he’d suddenly grown two more heads, big sapphire eyes squinting, like Dean had not actually got all his references, all his jokes, like Dean had suddenly forgotten about all the men and women that paraded in their hallway. And Dean had blushed again, because of course he knew, but hearing it said out loud was weird. Still the ‘be responsible for your actions’ override had taken over, and he just insisted on the story he kept repeating to himself, that he still felt responsible for him losing his appointment and getting hurt, although he still didn’t understand why Castiel was suddenly homeless.
"Angel's wings are very... sensitive" he settles, but the man just looked down at him, puzzled, so he continues, feeling the red flush run up his neck "it's the difference between this" he rubs his thumb on the back of Dean's hand one more time, then he turns his arm so that his wrist is facing up, lightly grazing his finger pads on the thin tanned skin, a shiver running up the other man's arm
"We need to go" he thunders, the two men stopping what they were doing at once, the younger letting his eyes dart behind him and out of the windows. Still, none of them moved.
“I swear man, you were nice to me and I just wanted to make sure I did everything to return the favour.”
"Where the hell have you been?" he demands, his voice raising, and he closes his eyes when he hears Cas sigh.
Joyce looked back at him petrified, but for the moment she seemed unarmed. The woman voice flutters again in the air
is soothing, calming, and Cas closes his eyes again, his head lulling a little on the pillow, and he stirs back only when
He picks it up, rolling it around, his eyes following Dean’s handwriting. He never had the opportunity to listen to it, not all of it at least. Something always came up. A hunt, God, Jack asking him to play some board games.
“I’m sorry Dea-” he starts to apologise, like he always did, but Dean interrupts him, the aggrieved note in his tone punching Castiel in the gut and hurting more that his fist had.
She hesitates, her hands still grasping at the demon who was pulling her by the hair, and after a few moments she holds her breath and shuts her eyes.
"Thank you" he manages to whisper after a couple of seconds, his upper lip twitching. He felt warm and full, and for once he didn’t care that a couple of tears had escaped his eyelashes.
Dean sniffs, looking everywhere but at the angel, whining internally when he feels Cas retrieve his hand, wishing he had left it on his longer, or maybe forever.
Castiel stares at the screen - another thing he does in real life, that apparently made people uncomfortable, but in the comfort of his bedroom he forgets that it’s not polite and just tilts his head, until tree dots appear again. After a solid minute they get replace by a message.
“I… I’m gonna go now…” says Chuck from the door, the last thing Cas hears, because his vision gets hazy and soon he’s spiralling into a restless sleep.
Late for work again, this time while his boss is yelling his mind quickly derails on more important things, like why did Cas have to leave the apartment? Did Cas have a place to stay? And Why did Dean’s brain keep calling him Cas?
After a minute or two she finally pulls away, her jaw dropping as her eyes roam behind him, and even in pain Castiel felt shame cripple up inside his gut.
At the beginning Castiel cried and begged every time, falling to his knees, his throat closing up, his eyes burning. He knew those were hallucinations, illusions created by the Empty to torture him, but they still hurt. It still made his heart sink in his chest and tears swell up to see the man he loved laugh at his pain or say he was a fool to think Castiel was ever nothing more than a tool to reach a goal.
Not without glancing back at Castiel, who sits still with glassy eyes focused on nothing, Dean walks up to the counter, where a very bored middle-aged woman was typing lazily on a keyboard.
"Dean" Sam sighs, this time without holding back the irritated but affectionate smile that blossomed on his lips "the wedding is at eleven. It's ten fifty-five. He'll be here"
Dean eyes fall on the ground, a small lump blocking for a moment his throat as he thought of all the people he would've wanted there. Bobby would've been proud of him. His mother would've looked beautiful. Charlie would've made the best discourse. Hell, even Rowena and Crowley. Dean would have never admitted it, but he had chosen Craig - aged thirty years of course - for their toast in honour of that son of a bitch.
"That is not something that concerns you. Tomorrow you, me and Lora will go back to the city to get the antibiotics" he orders, walking to the door and getting out before the other could answer. He needed air.
Cas sits in front of him, silently, gently pressing a green and blue striped birthday candle in the middle of the pie, lighting it up with a match and pushing it a little closer to the other man. When he is done he turns to Dean, who was barely breathing, his arms settled on the table on each side of the pie, his mouth slightly open
"It's a two people mission, Lora and Jonathan are already out. We're not good. Some of the people are getting sick, we need antibiotics... I can't let them down... I don't want to."
Still the prospect of having something to look forward to until the end of next week makes his lips tug up a little, for approximately four seconds, until something above him crashes on the floor and grumpiness washes over him again. That was it. Pushing himself off of the bed he scrambles to his shoes, putting them on and marching himself out his door and up the stairs without lacing them up.
He’d decided he did not want to see Castiel again, but if what he thought happened had in fact happened, he was in for worse; an angry Castiel. Or maybe an injured one. Dean didn’t know which one he was more afraid off.
He is not sure what happens next. Something inside his side bursts and the whole world turns on its asset. He crashes on his knees, dark pooling at the brink of his vision, pain raging throught his body. He feels strong hands helping him sit, Castiel voice simultaneously sounding very close and very far
Dean doesn’t reply, that was out of the question. He would've chosen a cursed Cas over no Cas at all, always. Richard fidgeted a little, and Dean was pleased to see the man could not hold his stare, his eyes roaming the room. He raises on his feet
His voice broke completely and he forcefully wiped away the tears that were now streaming down his face. Cas feels a big lump in his throat
Dean carefully walks in, poking his head in the cramped space full of metal shelves, Castiel standing in the middle, unrolling an old and faded sleeping back. The man’s head turns to him almost immediately.
Cas grits his teeth, holding his breath while pressing even harder against his wounded side as Joyce hit another pothole, making the car shake again. He presses his temple against the window, hoping the cold glass could make his headache a little better. Another bump, this time he grunts
"Well... the drugs have to stop. I will help you" Dean declares after a few seconds, and Cas involuntarily smiles
He hears his door lock click, then Dean was again plastered to his side, his eyes instinctively widening, as he tried to pull him up
Soon enough though his thoughts of revenge are forgotten, as he realizes he has no idea of what he’s supposed to do. The overall idea of the game was to complete a set of quest that were supposed to lead the player to stop the apocalypse, and of course there were also a lot of side – quests, mostly killing monsters or helping people, but he was lost. And he was quickly starting to get annoyed by the continuous ping of the chat. Of course, it was an rpg, it was normal for people to try and talk among each other, the rules also specified that if you paired up with others it was easier to get on in the game. But Castiel didn’t even enjoy small talk with people in real life, he sure as hell did not start the game to make friends, not when twenty minutes in it he was already surrounded by enemies, his life bar close to zero. Apparently, the character chosen just came with special abilities, but you still had to learn to use them, and being an angel did not avoid him getting his ass kicked.
Before Castiel can say anything the two men that had been shoving his stuff in black trash bags walked up to them.
Dean brain flatline. He opens his mouth, closes it again, then just stares. She repeats herself, eyes piercing through him.
Once again he curses his neck and face for getting red so quickly, the heat that spread from his belly having nothing to do with the alcohol, his body reacting quicker at emotions he still didn’t comprehend, the thought of Dean undressing him making his heart miss a few beats.
He’s about to knock again but stops just in time before punching Dean’s face, the door swinging open just to reveal the man adjusting the collar of his jacket, a leash in his hand
He clicks around, thoroughly reading the rules of the game – an online rpg mix of supernatural and horror themes – and the privacy terms and conditions, so when he finally gets to the log on page it’s past midnight. He clicks next nonetheless. Staying up late had never been a problem for him. It was the waking up part that was difficult, but it didn’t matter if he went to bed at nine pm or two in the morning. In his opinion mornings just sucked. Being a college professor, luckily he’d been able to set his lectures in the afternoon for the past years, and now it was Friday, so even if he actually got caught in the game and stayed up it wasn’t going to become a problem in the morning.
Dean stands silently. His brain seemed to have logged off for the day, the blue eyes were staring down in his own like they could see past them and into his soul, is blood pumping in all directions but the one he really needed, his head. He finally rebooted when the man in front of him flexed one harm, bringing a joint to his still stretched out lips. Apparently, his eyes came back to life too.
That would've been the right time to stop, walk to his car and go get some coffee - and maybe some common sense. But Dean is tired, and his brain is still logged off.
“I’m kidding. But to answer your question yes, I still perform my services but since I got kicked out from my patron I gotta find clients the old way… so if you know anyone, don’t hesitate to recommend me” Castiel winks and walks away, leaving Dean red faced, confused and slightly aroused.
"What? Were you so high that you started hallucinating? C'mon tell me!" he waves his hands while shaking his head. Cas felt Joyce move from where she was standing behind him and he opens his hand, keeping it down with the palm towards her to stop her, to silently tell her to stay back.
"I'm fine... keep going" he replies, trying to sound reassuring but failing to convince even himself. The cut on his side was bleeding, not copiously but steadily enough to make him feel lightheaded. His right wrist was throbbing, and he could not hold the blade properly. Now that he thought about it, they were far enough that he wouldn't need it anymore. He tries to make it disappear, without any results. Rolling his eyes, he throws it under his seat. His head was pounding painfully, so much that his vision was affected, but worst of all was the pain he felt in his wing. Somehow, he had managed to retrieve them in his vessel, but that made the pain even more unbearable. It was a steady, throbbing, burning sensation, like every nerve in his body had been set on fire. He did not know for how long he was going to be able to keep them hidden, and the only thing he wanted in that moment was to lock himself up in his barrack and pass out.
A man got inside with him. He was handsome, younger than Dean, with short blond hair, strong jawline, and a face full of freckles. He seemed nervous, tugging at his simple grey shirt every few seconds, until they reached Dean's floor, when he finally turned to him with a worried look.
Until he'd arrived to the convent. To John he'd just reported that he found the bones easily and burned them.
"Cas you know I have to do it!" Dean insists, his voice breaking. Castiel knew he was right; he knew that once back into place his wing could start the healing process and the pain would pass quicker. Biting down on his lower lip and shutting his eyes he nods. He didn't trust his voice, and to be honest he didn't even believe he had any anymore, after all the screaming.
"Dude I'm so sorry" he almost cries out when their eyes meet, and Castiel waves one hand, settling down on his feet again, the concrete hard on his knees.
He walks out, closing the door behind him and leaving Dean standing frozen in place, mind empty. Castiel was gone. The strange prostitute that lived across the hallway, that he’d let sleep on his couch, was gone. Dean knew he was supposed to be relieved. To be happy. Life was good again, back on track. However, something was off, like a pebble in his shoe, but he couldn’t formulate what.
"Maybe but it will help" Dean insists, his voice calm, and that made Cas even more nervous than when he shouted.
Dean feels his face go read and tries to ignore the way his voice fluctuates. He’s tired, that’s why his vocal cords aren’t responding.
Ah there it was. Now Dean was going to tell him that he could never love him. That he pitied Castiel, that’s why he allowed the angel to stick around. He closes his eyes, trying to swallow the lump lodged in his throat
Dean ignores the kid’s pleas, turning to Castiel, who’s clutching his chest right under his heart, eyes barely open
"It's fine" Castiel insists, "besides, it's not his fault you weren't looking while walking". He feels strong hands haul him up and the stretch causes his chest to throb painfully, making his knees buckle. Dean's arm is immediately around his waist, keeping him from collapsing again.
Dean wasn’t exaggerating, the man was even paler than before, and a constant twitch shook his hands every two or three seconds. When he sits, moving like on autopilot, Dean is able to see a red patch of small bruises on his left pectoral before Castiel notices him peeking and raises his hands to button up, glaring at him. Dean can’t help but cock an eyebrow in an unspoken
Dean wakes up to different noises. Light buzzing of people talking, a rhythmic beeping on his left, the sound of heavy things being rolled around, but most importantly a voice, a low, gravelly voice somewhere in his vicinity, that was speaking with an urgent tone. Without opening his eyes, he concentrates on the words it was saying
Cas lips twitch but he keeps his expression still. Richard was Dean's right arm now, an ex-military officer who joined their group shortly after Sam had said yes to Lucifer. Cas did not approve of his methods, too bloody, too definitive, but Dean trusted him so he'd just stepped aside.
Castiel costumer service voice is cut off when his eyes travel from Dean’s feet to his face. He looks up and Dean looks down, not sure what to do with his expression, the casual smile he was trying to go for feeling more like the joker grin by the way his facial muscles were pulling. His heart is racing, but that was probably the run. That’s what he tells himself anyway.
The next time Dean had stepped closer, a worried look on his face, reaching for him, kissing him slowly, until Castiel had felt the angel blade go through his stomach, pain shooting through his whole body. Dean had stepped back again, a smile turning his lips, his green eyes turning black in a blink.
"Damn it Cas I thought you were over sneaking up on me!" he barks, his heart pounding in his chest, mentally cursing his ears that he knew were turning red.
He had proposed to Cas a week after they'd managed to rescue him from the Empty. They were laying in bed - well... they almost always were, poor Sam had to learn the hard way not to run into Dean's room gun blazing every time he heard a scream - next to each other, Dean's head pillowed on Cas shoulder, one arm swung over his body, the angel fingers softly grazing up and down his forearm. Dean loved those moments. Because yes, the sex was amazing - the best he’d ever had, and he had had a lot - but those moments, the closeness, Cas's solid presence and warmth against him, his breath and heartbeat, his strong and protective embrace. Dean had never experienced it before. Because with the girls he had to be the strong macho man, and with the few men... Well their encounters had never been as nice or as long. So he loved that part, loved it enough to find the courage to admit it to Cas, the third day of his return. They were undressing each other, hastily, and between kisses and moans he had admitted that more than the sex that night he was looking forward to the after. Cas had stopped immediately, slowly pushing him away, not too far but enough to look at him in the eyes.
“Don’t play dumb with me. You said you didn’t mean it… The first thing you said once back from freaking turbo hell was that you didn’t mean it… And you know what? I get it. I clearly heard you say you loved me before you got sucked away from black goo, but if it was just a spur of the moment thing and now you want to go back to normal, I’m cool with it, I gave you space and all. So why the hell bring that up? Why the hell did…”
"Can you walk?" the offended look is immediately replaced by worry. Castiel can only nod, moving to the car and sliding into the passenger seat, a warm hand resting on the small of his back to guide him until he's fully seated. His door closes and after seconds the driver's opens. Dean gets in and fastens his seatbelt, turning to stare at him expectantly.
It took Dean a couple of moments to notice the song was not in English. He blinks, stopping what he was doing – typing on his computer, elbow deep into the lore to find a way to finally kill the damn witch. God he hated witches.
“I got mixed signals and thought a dude was into me. But he didn’t really appreciate the fact that I work on commission”
It’s midnight, he’s setting his phone on his nightstand, already in his striped pyjamas, when the screen lights up. The number is unknown, and usually he doesn’t answer those calls, but something was holding tightly his gut, stirring his insides, so he picks up.
"Kid here told me she saw you throwing it under your seat yesterday, figured that you probably wouldn't want anyone to see it"
The doors open and he steps in, turning around in time to see Castiel stop dead in the corridor, blue eyes shifting, clearly waiting for the doors to close and avoid having to share the ride.
"I didn't give the signal. I saw the demons and I panicked, and I didn't give the signal" she blurts out.
The demon that is holding Joyce yanks her back to expose her throat, a knife appearing in his other hand. He grazes it against the soft skin of her neck leaving behind a thin red line. The girl whimpers, her eyes not leaving his.
The angel’s eyes go deer in the headlight wide, and Dean is surprised that an ‘404 error’ sign isn’t blinking on top of his head, his whole expression making it look like his brain had lost connection. They’re standing a couple of feet apart, and the man can see a red flush creep up the angel's neck, the deep burgundy colour popping out of his white button down and up his cheeks, and for a moment Dean worries he’s overheating.
"Where is he?" he asks, trying to control his voice as much as he could, but feeling a cold sweat damp his skin
He goes to move the duvet off his body and his hands meet the rough fabric of jeans, making him sit straight, wondering why he was still dressed.
Cas looked down at the rug, pushing it with his foot next the wall of the barrack, zipping up a pair of old and not so clean jeans. He was going to make sure to get a new one before the next orgy, that had certainly run its course. Maybe that night he was going to be able to sleep... although he had some weed left in case the nightmares started again.
"Come, you can ride with me" he offers, not too surprised when she jumped out of her skin, turning around so fast her ponytail hit her in her eye
It was a stupid question, since the man was opening the front door and putting his shoes back on – that he had left near the door when Dean asked him the night before, without question.
"So..." he finally asks, trying to relax his face and shoulders as he turns back to face the man, burying his hands in his pockets "What brings you in my den, rightful leader?"
"I... I just... I'm not a fan of needles" he finally stutters, expecting the man to laugh - as his father had, years before, when they had to bring Brian to the doctor for his vaccinations and Dean had refused to go. When he had admitted why his father response in between tears had been along the line of "how could a man as big as you be afraid of needles?" - or maybe just wave him off, like Sam had, but Castiel doesn’t even chuckle. Dean hears him shuffle, then finally finds the courage to look at the man, who had grabbed Dean's blazer from a chair and was draping it on him, making sure to cover his arm where the needle was insert, his hands gently adjusting the thin tube so that it wouldn't pull or hurt him.
"How... do you know that?" he asks, carefully. The Angels had bailed long ago. He was pretty sure only Dean's closer circle knew about him; his grace had drained almost completely way long before most of all the people had joined them. And she was way too young to know him as anything else other than a libertine and a junkie.
The man sniffles, using a sleeve to dry up the tears running down his cheeks, a betrayed look heaving his green eyes
"I... don't have money on me right now" Castiel chocks out, but Dean just swats the air around them.
"He was neither" he finally replies, glancing sideways, and Dean's neck hair stand to attention, because the blue eyes are colder than usual. Maybe he had crossed the line. But that morning his brain is dead, not working, gone on vacation, and his gut tells him that since he was already over that line, he might as well keep going. He squints, quickly darting his tongue out to wet his lips, nodding his head
"Dean, you just asked me if I want to sleep with you tonight" the angel finally breathes out, staring up at the ceiling, his hands fisted at his sides.
Cas knew he couldn't get far, not in his condition, and certenly  not carrying someone else, that's why he had aimed for where his truck was supposed to be. What he hadn't anticipated was that even that was an incredible far distance for how weak he was. That's why when he feels himself starting to fall he holds the girl tight to his chest, hoping somehow to cushion the blow with his body.
Dean was spared the need to answer by the sound of a door unlocking. Castiel peeked out of his apartment, eyes locking immediately on Dean and then on the other man. Dean could swear he saw a hint of panic on his face, before he stepped outside only wearing the same worn out jeans he was two days before, and Dean had to drag his eyes away from where they'd naturally fallen, on his pelvic muscles, that were sticking out from the waist band. Feeling the rush crippling up his face, Dean turns to the visitor, pressing his lips together when he notices how the man's eyes were unashamedly roaming over Castiel body, a tight sensation surging in his chest.
"Cas..." Dean whispers again, reaching for his face and rubbing away tears he hadn't realized were flowing steadily from his eyes, and he fought with the instinct to lean in his hands.
Finally back inside his jaws clenches again. Castiel is not where he left him. He walks around, the space somehow even more crowded than it was that morning, mumbling a string of nonsensical words until a light touch on his elbow almost makes him jump out of his skin.
"WHAT THE FUCK WERE YOU THINKING? DO YOU EVEN KNOW HOW MANY WE WILL LOSE BECAUSE YOU COULDN'T FOLLOW SIMPLE ORDERS?"
Dean instinctively walks backward until his back hits a random car, Castiel does not stop until he's just a few inches from him, his fists balled up, eyes darting back to a black car, and when Dean follows them he notices a brunette getting out, but he doesn't have a chance to observe her for more than two seconds, his eyes rolling back into the blue ones the moment he feels hot breath tickle his nose.
Dean suddenly moves his head even closer, kneeling on the floor and placing his hands on each of Castiel side, trapping him
In that moment the distant roaring of an engine echoes, and Cas exhales. Team one was gone. He made it. And he would've gladly accepted death if he were alone. But Joyce was there. It took his lagging brain a couple of seconds to realise that Richard had decide to abandon her once he thought the mission was clear. He felt a new wave of disgust for the man, strong, burning.
He can feel Castiel’s eyes burn a hole through the side of his face, but he keeps looking at the doctor, who nods
Castiel eyebrow wiggles up, his smirk a poor attempt at being a sexy one. Even tho his lips are almost white, and his face is shimmering from sweat, Dean's jeans suddenly feel very full and he internally shivers at the friction as he gets up on his feet, as far away as he can from those damn blue eyes, needing space but also feeling the hand he had put on Castiel shoulder suddenly cold once he retrieved it, praying that day to end as soon as possible.
"Oh... that was about the shelf, that thing is so precarious it has already fallen on me twice... sooner or later he's gonna get a lawsuit" the man explains, his voice flat, practical. There is no honey, no teasing. Not even the worried care Dean had heard the evening before - not that he wanted the man to care, of course not, although, Dean admits before he can stop his own thoughts, it did sound nice. He briefly looks up before lowering his eyes and his voice.
"Go to sleep Sammy" he orders softly, his lips stretching when another yawn made his brother almost tear up
"I see you cut your hair" he notices, following and moving on the other side so that he could face her. She sat on one of the three stools, opening another beer
Cas shoulders drop. He could understand. When he speaks again he’s staring at the road in front of him, his knuckles turning white from how hard he was gripping the steering wheel.
Castiel’s heart thumps a little faster. He doesn’t know what he’s so excited about. Impala69 was probably just being nice, and Castiel had actually been surprised at how the other had behaved even after his impromptu confession. No dick jokes, no homophobic retorts (although he had called his fighting technic girly, but Castiel was pretty sure that was just part of his macho personality, that also shined through his liking in movies –
The nurse walks away, and Castiel immediatelly feels like a deer in the headlight. Dean's brother was looking at him like a big confused golden retriever. Dean mouth was moving, but no sound was coming out. And he was pretty sure that if looks could kill John Smith would've been convicted with murder. Castiel knew that look, of disgust and loath. He'd been stared down like that so many times it didn't really affected him much. What really made his gut twist was that he proceeded to turn the same look to his son, who went rigid, sitting on the bad with large, terrified eyes. Castiel knew John Smith type. Ironically, some of his clients were like him, repulsed by his kind but still indulging into the pleasure he could give them, just to run away as soon as they were done and never speak of it in public. Castiel first reaction would've been to make it as uncomfortable as he could for John, but the way Dean fists were tightened on the bedsheet made him raise his hands, calling for attention
Charlie scolds him, saying the same exacts words his brother had said, when he'd called Dean that morning to check up on him an hour after taking him home from the hospital, just to discover that Dean had gone to work half an hour after Sam had left him to the apartment.
Suddenly feeling very tired Dean sits in one of the chairs that surrounded the table in the room. He didn't know either, what kind of relationship he had with Castiel. The former angel was the one who raised him from hell, the one who rebelled for him against his own family and nature. He was his best friend and, even if Dean was never going to admit it, not even to himself, something a little more. At least to him. Then the apocalypse had crushed on them, Dean had lost his brother, he failed Sam, and because of that he had ruined humanity. All that was happening was his fault. And even if Cas had tried many times to convince him otherwise, he did not believe him.
He scoots away as fast as he can, finding himself scampering downs a less busy hallway, attracting a couple of looks from people dressed in light blue scrubs, but no one tries to stop him. It’s quiet on that side of the doors, people spoke in hushed tones, and he doesn’t like it. He can hear his own thoughts, and for all his life he’d worked as hard as he could to drown them out.
He finishes his job, getting on his feet and helping Castiel to sit back up again, one of his hand grabbing his arm, pulling gently, the other behind, pushing him, and he doesn’t miss how Cas stiffens when he places it on his back, right below the base of his wings.
Dean cautiously walks toward the sounds that were coming from the farthest part of the store. Castiel had his back to him and was talking to a very short man, who had to be the manager from the way he answered
“How… How did you come here in time?” he asks. Dean’s hand that was on his belly slowly moves up to gently grab his bandaged forearm, softly rubbing his thumb on it.
"It's ok... you're ok now. You can open your eyes" he repeats, hoping she would relax and let go, her grip on him was only making his body throb with pain. Also the part of his brain that still functioned reminded him that they were not safe yet, they had to leave.
. He actually knew that song, he’d heard it on the radio during one of the long car rides Dean often insisted they went on, to let Baby stretch its legs – as Dean liked to put it. Cas had immediately started to follow along the beat, moving his head ever so slightly, but Dean had noticed, asking him if he liked it, turning the volume up a notch when he’d nodded.
Once there Dean helps him sit in one of the chairs in the waiting room, that was filled with the chatting and moaning of at least fifty people, waiting their turn with different degrees of injuries.
Castiel follows his finger, his expression melting into something more similar to the one of a confused five-year-old
you final notes are dissolving into silence, the last ‘Since I've been loving you, I'm about to lose my worried mind’ barely registering in his fogged up mind, Cas is already blinking lethargically, his chest, raising and falling slowly.
Ragged breaths were all he could take in, knowing very well he was not going to get up again, his head was ringing and he could not hold the blade properly with his right hand. It was the end, and he wasn’t even too bad. He was starting to think that his death was going to be for an overdose. At least in that way he was helping Dean. It was an honorable death. He closes his eyes, ready to face the end, but the final strike never came.
"My name... Joyce" she smiles, looking into his eyes just for a second before bolting out of the vehicle herself, joining the group that was already gathered a few feet away
"Thank you dear!" the woman chirps, patting once his arm with a wrinkled hand while the dog sitting in her purse snaps his miniaturized jaws at him.
She smiles and moves away to let him sit at Cas side, who was laying on his back propped on a pillow so that his wings wouldn't get squished.
The first page requested his personal information. He inserts them quickly, stopping only when it asked a credit card number. A quick click on the little blue I placed next to the box informs him that the card was needed to discourage underaged kids to play, since the game could get graphic about violence, but in-game purchases were not required to advance – they could make the game easier though.
"Also Sam is still missing something" a low gruffy voice echoes near his ear, making him twirl not without a little jump. Cas was smiling at him in a classic black suit, His eyes looked so blue in the sun, almost unreal, and the annoyed tone Dean wanted to use for being startled once again got drowned in them
That’s when the man had loosened up his arms, helping Cas to lie down on what he recognized as the bunker’s floor, Sam’s head floating somewhere on his right.
"Are you sure this is a good idea?" Castiel overhears Richard ask to Dean. Not that the man was remotely trying to keep his voice down. Still, he did not turn around. He didn’t want to see Dean's expression; he didn’t want to see if he agreed with Richard not so subtle suggestions that he was not up to it. Instead, he walked over to the fifteen people standing in Dean's barrack. None of them were older than twenty-five years. His eyes fell on a girl. She couldn't have been more than seventeen. She was looking down, her hands clasped behind her back did nothing to hide how much she was shaking.
the tiny, bearded man had stuttered, before shoving it in his hand and running away, Dean walking right up to them with a questioning look. Castiel had just shrugged, smiling at the man. Dean knew he used drugs. He didn’t care.
"Run to Lana's tent and grab the suture kit, as many bandages as you can, disinfectant and cotton too. Then come back here. You need to be as fast as you can, and if anyone asks you what you are doing just say you have orders from me. Nothing else, understood?"
"You were trashing in your sleep, I was afraid you'd pulled your stitches or worse hurt your wing again. I called you many times, but you didn't wake up."
"You don't like cake" Cas points out, tilting his head in that adorable puppy way Dean found endearing, and of course he can’t help but smile
“I saw you go with girls” he insists, daring a quick glance at his right. Castiel is looking outside the windshield.
"I'm fine" he lies, gritting his teeth. He couldn't miss another appointment. Beside the girl looked like a light weight, he could take it, and then rest later.
He glances at the man, who's fidgeting, rustling the bag of chips between his fingers. He looked pale, little drops of sweats were slowly appearing near his hairline and Castiel wonders why he was outside and not at home, resting. Then he mentally kicks himself. He had no business in worrying about him. Green eyes was just a fine specimen and an easy target for careless flirting, but now Castiel had to be careful not to get too distracted, and keeping a healthy amount of distance from him was necessary, since it seemed like he had developed a soft spot for the man in record time. That's why he didn't refer to him by his name, not even when in his thoughts. He wasn’t Dean. He was green eyes, a beautiful and out of his reach man. Castiel knew that. But now green eyes was peering at him, biting his lower, plump lip, and Castiel can't stop his own from turning upward, nor his dick to jump at attention. He curses himself and finally answers
Dean quickly places a hand in front of the elevator sensor, the doors silently retreaing and letting Mrs Worton and her teacup chihuahua in.
Castiel scrolls down. For his family he was already going to hell – as his father had screamed at him, the last time they spoke, five years before, when Gabriel – the only member he still kept contact with, had tried to make them patch things up, so no need to get into Satan’s lap sooner than expected.
Like a rubber band pulled too far Dean snaps, but instead of the angry reactions Cas’s expecting – hoping almost, because he knew how to walk his way around an angry Dean – the man’s hands are back at scraping his face, his breath ragged, the begged “Please no” spilling out of his lips and sinking like a bullet into the former angel chest. Cas catches a glimpse of green moist eyes and immediately regrets his plan. He didn’t want that; he didn’t want Dean to be in pain. Maybe he did read the signs wrong, maybe the man sitting next to him really didn’t love him back, and the distance he’d put between them was his way of showing to Cas that he really could not give him anything more than friendships. He opens his mouth again, to apologise, to say that he will finally leave him alone, but before he can do that the man yanks the driver’s door open – with maybe a little more force than he would usually use on his precious car – darting out.
He finally orders, without looking at them, his eyes fixed where he knew the demons were going to appear, until he realises they weren't moving. Cas knew there was not much time, he could feel the disgusting scent of the demons permeate the air.
He rolls on his left hip, putting one knee under him to try and get on his feet, but the momentum instead of up goes forward, and he has to put his hands in front of him to stop himself from falling on his face. That's when he feels a hand grab under his armpit and green eyes' voice incredibly close to his head
Dean’s voice is casual, practical, nonetheless his words sink into Cas’s chest like a knife. He dips his head down, taking a step back, and only hears the man in front of him shift uncomfortably, before his voice grunts
It doesn't take him too long to find the cafeteria. Because of the late hour there wasn't much of a choice. Dean ogles the two stale chocolate chips muffins left in one of the display next to a crumbling cookie. He usually doesn't eat sweets on Sunday. He also doesn't usually spend his Sundays in a hospital with a guy he barely knows. He shifts his eyes to the last three tuna sandwiches on the trail next to the sweets, their colour weirdly neon looking, and scrunches his nose.
“It stunk. I wasn’t going to stay here with that smell. I did it for my nose, not for you” Dean replies abrasive, and Castiel curls on himself, pulling his knees to his chest.
The inside of the convenience store looked like all the other convenience store he's ever been. Four aisles divided by tall, thin, long metal gondola shelves, packed with everything really, from snacks to laundry detergent. He can see a couple of island freezer, full of ice creams and sodas, and just one check out point on his left, but no one is there. Over the soft notes of a radio somewhere over his head he can hear two voices, and he immediately recognizes the low one
“Cas, voulez-vous coucher avec moi, ce soir?” he recites, mentally patting himself on the shoulder for how smoothly it had come out of his mouth. But his pridfull moment doesn’t last long, because Cas's reaction is not one he’s expecting.
“Not when I’m done with him” Dean growls, somewhere above where he’s bending forward, the hand on his shoulder tightening its grip almost at a painful level, but he doesn’t move. His eyelids are still heavy and he can barely keep them up when Dean finally pulls him back, shooting daggers from his eyes, his face white as snow. Castiel blinks lazily, noticing for the first time that the room is a lot more lit than before, a warm light coming from the lamp on the little table.
When he finally unlocks his car he’s wheezing, sweating, and eleven minutes late for work. He sits in his car, and his brain shortcircuts: that was not the blonde he'd seen the night before.
"Five... that's a new record" he comments, crossing his arms in front of his chest and Cas smile wavers, the judgmental tone of the other man so subtle he didn't know if Dean even realized how condescending he sounded. He narrowed his eyes, forcing his lips to keep the upward curve.
He walks quietly to Sam’s room, his heart sinking into his belly while passing in front of Dean’s, knocking gently on the door
Cas decided to ignore it, getting into the driver seat, hoping she hadn't heard the comment. But by the way she got in sitting, pressed against the window to leave as much space between them as possible, he concluded she had heard, and she'd probably heard about him.
“You said you didn’t mean…” he breathes out, but the rest of his words die on his tongue when Cas hauls him a little closer, surprising even himself. He did not have his grace anymore, but apparently Dean’s stubbornness was enough to give him strength.
When he finally gets back to the waiting room Castiel is still in, he checks with the front desk to be sure. He could leave, he should, the man has made it clear his presence is making him uncomfortable, but he just has to see that he’s ok. Then he’ll go.
"You have to fill them" Dean explains, giving him the pen and papers, adding "leave insurance blank, it’s my fault, I’ll pay for it"
Dean wasn't fine. Once his father had gone home and his brother had gone on a coffee hunt a doctor had approached his bed, informing him that he had a stomach ulcer and if he wasn't careful, he would've needed surgery. Dean had not told that Sam, there was no need to worry him.
“I’m not running. I’m walking back to the bunker. You stay here and wait for Sam” he replies, shoulders shaking. Cas is shaking too, but he doesn’t know if it’s from the emotions stirring in his chest or for the raindrops that were falling possessively on him, stinging like ice cold needles.
Castiel manages to smirk a little at the offended expression on green eyes face. They are so close he can count his freckles, and the way he's glaring at him is adorable. Dean's arm move on his back and he's expecting to be pushed to the car, so when Dean gently nudges him Castiel doesn't move.
"Be careful" he hushes her, pointing one finger at her mouth, and Charlie snaps her lips shut, only to open them after barely two seconds and a half
He put down the leftovers, sitting in front of it, relaxing his shoulders, the domestic tinkling of ceramics and glass the only sound that filled the room for a while.
"Stop doing that!" Sam repeats for the third time in the last ten minutes, swatting his brother’s hand away from the papillon.
Dean slowly does, but only because the man low voice was again soft, like a heavy but comfortable pile blanket.
Castiel fidgets around, pushing different keys before getting the combination right. The eyes of his avatar suddenly glow and at the same time a blue wave of light appears around Impala69’s avatar, and his life bar goes from 34 to 100, while his own goes back to 40.
"C'mon you have to admit he's cute! Also, he seems so nice! He stopped to ask me if I was ok and told me I could use his phone if I needed..."
“What?” he barks back, a little bit of anger back in his tone and that spurs Cas on, cancelling for a moment his guilt
“Dean...” Cas stops, looks around. Now even his ears are tomato coloured, and Dean is losing patience
The bald demon was the first to lunge at him. Had he had his power Castiel wouldn't have even flinched, but he knew better than that. He quickly steps aside, glad the prolonged use of drugs hadn't completely destroyed his ability to fight. Differently than from when he had his full grace tho, he was not calm nor collected, he could hear his heart pump in his ears, the adrenaline rush throughout his body, but somehow that helped him concentrate on the enemy in front of him. The demon swung his machete, and not fast enough to move completely out of the way Castiel is forced to dodge the hit with his blade, feeling it reverberate in his muscles. His whole arm ached, a shooting pain running down in his right writ.
"Why did you got up?" he scolds, trying to keep his tone public place appropriate, when finally Castiel pushes back and starts to lean on the wall again, letting him go.
That's why he was smiling, Thursday morning, walking into the elevator at eight twenty. He presses the button for the underground parking lot, dusting away from his blue blazer a small black feather that had come to rest on his left shoulder. He looks at it fly to the ground, his smile slowly dying on his lips and a confused expression growing in between his eyebrows but before he could think about a possible explanation a raspy, high pitched voice calls his attention
"Cas what's wrong?" Dean insisted, moving in front of him and squatting in between his legs, hands not leaving his shoulders. Castiel avoided his eyes, licking his lips, squinting slightly, they were chapped and dry and tasted like iron. He could not tell him. He could not admit that he would've risked his life everyday if that meant Dean would stay that close to him and care for him like that. The he felt love for the man in front of him, that he had pushed down for so long threatened to erupt so he pressed his lips together, cursing his stupid body that wouldn't stop trembling both for the physical damage and the emotions that were stirring inside his chest. He couldn't admit his feelings, he couldn't face the rejection. It might have killed him. And he would have lost Dean, completely.
But soon enough he felt Dean's arms around him again, one wiggling under him to cup his neck, the other around his waist, pulling him close, and this time he didn't fight it. He felt Dean's lips press on his forehead before he tucked his chin on his head, the hand on his neck moving to his shoulder, tightening the hug.
"If that is what you want me to call you, fine by me" the man purrs at last, and Dean shivers, sticking his hands into his pants to try and make them look baggier. He'd never felt so exposed in his life, and suddenly that corridor was way too hot for a guy that was only wearing a t-shirt and short shorts.
He grabs the bag, the muffin rattling inside for how much he was shaking, but Dean just pushes it back, gently, ignoring the fact that his hand had decided to move from the man arm to his shoulder and just sit there.
The stood up all night falling asleep on the couch, the half-eaten pizza they'd ordered at one point sitting on the coffee table in front of them.
Dean mentally agrees. He knows that, he knows it’s not necessary. But the man in front of him is walking away and he probably won’t see him again, and he’s not ready for it. He can’t explain why, he doesn’t know why his heart beats a little faster when Castiel turns away and calls the elevator, but before he can find an answer his hand his reaching for the duffle bag and ten minutes later he’s cursing himself for not having a dinner table in his apartment, his elbow brushing against Castiel side every three bites, sitting on the same side of the counter to the reheated lasagne Charlie had left the day before.
"I... should probably go. I was looking for Richard because we need to raid another city, we are low on some supplies and the last city was empty... medicines mostly"
The Empty had outdone itself this time. Using Dean’s pain to hurt him, Castiel should’ve seen it coming.
Cas opens his mouth but before he can say what he marched himself to say his eyes dart to the dog, lying comfortably on the bed, Dean’s words finally sitting in
"Good evening" Castiel greets immediately, with a modulated voice and a twinkle in his eyes. Maybe because he was feeling awful, Dean's only reaction this time is of mild panic, his hands fishing his keys from his shoulder bag
Of course,Dean skipped lunch that day, just downing another couple of aspirin for his increasingly aching side, and when he can finally get off work it's too late to get to any barber shop. When he finally walks out of the elevator on his floor at half past seven pm he's sweaty and miserable, and the only thing he wanted was to get into the shower, but the sweet image of hot water and a warm dinner is shattered when Charlie's voice booms into the hallway.
She was staring at his wings, her mouth slightly open. Dean seemed to notice but before he could say anything Castiel intervened
"It's not your fault, even if you had warned them, they wouldn't have had a chance against the demons" he insists pulling the collar a little higher. His shirt was ruined, fortunately under the driver seat he'd found one of his trench coat all crumpled up but at least wearable and now he was so glad that he had left it there because he was getting cold. Not a good sign. Another bump and he hisses, his whole body jerking in protest
He tries again, forcefully pulling them in, and this time the agony he felt was excruciating enough to blind him, his body jerking forward. When the black dots in front of his eyes start to fade and his brain is able to function properly again he realizes that he hadn't fallen face first into the ground only because Dean had caught him, crouching next to him and pulling him closer to his chest, his left arm wrapped around his midriff, his right still on his back, moving in small, soothing circles. Cas shudders between ragged breaths when the tip of Dean's thumb brushes against the feathers at the base of his wings, ashamed of himself for thinking how good that felt even amidst all the raging pain. He clenches his jaw, trying to push the thought aside and concentrate on, Dean who was speaking, his voice cracking every other word, pleading
Finally he gets up, stepping into the shower and trying not to think too much about it. Five minutes weren't a lot, he could still get to work on time, and the day would've just set back into its comforting routine.
At his command Joyce starts to work, stopping once in a while to make sure she wasn't hurting him. When she turned her head to ask something to Dean, Cas saw the cut on her neck. It wasn't that bad, he was tired, but he could at least try to fix it.
“What are you doing here?” he asks, freezing, eyes going wide, and for once Dean feels like he has the upper hand, even though he’s not really sure what to do with it.
Castiel eyes remain squinted, his head quirked, but now there's a line in between his eyebrow, and Dean doesn't like it when he stares for too long, he doesn't like how it makes his blood rush to his face. He gestures to the seats, just to take those blue eyes out of his
Landing with a loud thud on the roof of the truck, he clearly hears the sickening sound of his right wing popping out of place. He hears himself scream, tears filling his eyes, his left wing, that was not crushed under him, flapping and jerking. They slide down and it takes him different minutes to blink away the darkness that was pooling at the brink of his vision. He tries to push the raging pain he felt in his wing aside, but as he did the pulsating sensation in his right wrist and the sting in his right side roared angrily their presence, what was left of his grace shrinking inside of him now that the threat was gone. He felt like dying, and part of him wanted to, to make it all stop. But the weight and warmth against his chest forces him back to reality. Joyce was holding him painfully tight, her arms around his torso and her face buried in his chest. He could feel his shirt getting wetter by the second, so he raises his good arm patting her back, trying to calm her sobs.
"I just said that so they'd let me stay here with him, they don't allow strangers pass a certain point!" he quickly explains, glad to see John eyes back on him, "also I did not know his name. I'm new in the building, I live in the apartment next to his" he finishes.
Dean gestures at their now occupied seats with the hand holding his almost empty cup of coffee. A white man with a small cut on his cheek was now sitting where the boy was seconds before.
"You did great Cas, it's over" Dean whispers behind him, his breath tickling the back of his sweaty neck. Castiel could feel him shake against his back and wanted to say something to thank him or reassure him but his voice got stuck in his throat when Dean started to run his fingers on the outline of his right wing, certainly in what he thought was supposed to be a calming gesture. Cas stiffens, whimpering at the pleasure that Dean's fingers were giving him, now a lot stronger than the pain as he got closer to where the wing sprouted, hoping the other men wouldn’t notice the sounds he was making. But he did.
A shock of electricity curses through his veins, both of pleasure he felt and for the pain, that were now mixed together in his brain, and with a gasp he tries to get away from the other man's touch, pushing himself up but falling right back down when he tried to use his right wrist.
Charlie's voice brings him back to reality, behind him cars were honking angrily since the light had passed from red to green and to red again. Dean licks his lips, hurrying to answer
He’s annoyed. It’s ridiculous, childish even, but he’s annoyed. He did not need to be saved. He could’ve found a way of getting himself out of it. Still the hunter avatar is not moving, just breathing – yes, breathing, the lifelike of the game was incredible, Castiel could actually see his chest go up and down – next to his own avatar, the red dot of the chat catching his eyes again. He clicks on it
Dean should just let it go. He knows he should just let it go. The man in front of him had shown him an act of kindness, helping him to the hospital, the least he could do was just let it go, let him live his life. Dean had tried for a whole week to avoid that man and finally it seemed like he was trying to do the same. Why ruin the moment?
“At the end of this you say you have something to tell me. You said that in purgatory too. What did you have to tell me” he asks again, keeping his voice low.
There are movements behind his closed eyelids and then there’s a hand on his cheek, the one still on his shoulder squeezing it lightly
"Being tired helps" the angel replies, trying hard to concentrate on Dean's words, his mind painfully aware of Dean's closeness. Dean fingers running slow through his hair were relaxing him, but his warm hand lightly pressed on his back was giving him butterflies.
It's stupid, and utterly ineffective, but for some reasons Dean feels tears swell up in his. He wonders if something was really wrong with him. Why was his throat closing up and why did his chest feel so heavy? He decides that a change of subjects is long overdue and looks away, trying to find something else to talk about, his eyes landing on the big yellowish, still partly wet, stain on the man blue vest, right on the name of the company. Dean recognises it, it was from a convenience store near his apartment, maybe a ten-minute walk, he drove past it every day to get home. He clears his throat before speaking, making sure his voice didn't break mid-sentence
“Sure. I’m peachy” he replies, not sure why he used that stupid word, but his brain had started to slow down, the adrenaline gone. Then he adds
Fergus reply bounces on the walls, making Dean’s heart beat a little bit faster for a couple of seconds, but Cas’s voice is flat, his face unreadable
He stirs in his bed, trying to wiggle his t-shirt back down. It had raised up during the night, exposing his belly and crunching up in an uncomfortable ball that was now poking through his ribs. After shuffling around for a couple of minutes he desists, turning on his side and pulling it down. The hoover sound gets stronger, making him groan and force his eyes open. The first thing he sees it’s his laptop, the game still on screen, the chat open.
Castiel smile is small, his laugh just a breathed "umph", and his voice is thin when he finally admits
The strange prostitute that lived across the hallway, that he’d let sleep on his couch, was gone. Dean knew he was supposed to be relieved. To be happy. Life was good again, back on track. However, something was off, like a pebble in his shoe, but he couldn’t formulate what.
"I... I don't know... He seems a little off" Dean finally admits, catching himself trying to imagine where that man could possibly hide a cell phone if the only clothes he seemed to wear were too tight to have pockets. His brain raced to the black-haired man slender form, recalling way too many details before he could stop it, so he took another long sip to try and remedy to his suddenly dry throat. Charlie doesn’t back down
"I can go. You need to rest" he elaborates, feeling confident enough to close the space between them again, standing inches from him for the first time in what felt like forever.
"Yeah Charlie, I'm fine... Just a headache..." he replies fast. No need to upset her. of course she didn't buy it.
Cas feels all the tension drain away, his body melting, happiness bubbling in his chest so loudly for a fleeting moment he’s afraid the Empty will appear and snatch him away again. But when Dean looks up he’s shooting daggers
The little man nods, his eyes shifting again on Cas face before throwing a small orange bottle in his direction ad patting his hand once on his shoulder
Castiel chuckles. Yes, he was talking from experience. He'd lost count of how many times a client had been a little too rough or he'd drunk a little too much. The moments right after waking up without knowing the time or place, usually covered in his own vomit, were not the best. Beside he couldn't have left green eyes alone, not after seeing how much he was shaking, struggling to stand up by himself, or the way he'd flinched after throwing up on him, almost as he was expecting to be scolded for being sick. After having had the pleasure to meet his father, Castiel didn't have any problem at imagining that that could actually have happened.
They drove silently for the first ten minutes, Cas eyes dropping from time to time on the girl, who sat rigidly, her thumbs fidgeting in her lap. She looked grey, almost on the verge of throwing up. Being that nervous was not going to do her any good, worse, it could get her killed. He rolls in his mind different questions, to make her talk and maybe distract her, until he decides to go with the easiest one.
H wase also aware by now that flirting with Dean affected him too, even in that moment his dick was pounding at the zipper of his jeans, a reaction he already had in front of the man. New was that his heart had started to flutter the moment Dean stepped into the store, and he had to go back and smoke a joint to calm down before facing him, for some reason feeling nervous. The day before that didn’t happen, he’d been too surprised to see him, and that’s why he’d lashed at him – regretting it immediately of course, he couldn't stand those big green sad puppy eyes. He knew Dean’s type, always feeling responsible, always trying to make things right, and that’s probably why at the hospital he’d stayed on the floor with him until they found another seat. When he had pushed him on his couch, insisting he slept there for the night, Castiel knew that was the man way to repay a debt.
“Green eyes, your concern is cute, but I could get attached, so I suggest you stop worrying about me”
Castiel wants to point out that if he knew that pairing up helped in the game it meant he had read the instructions too, but he sighs, instead typing something he hope will close the discussion.
Pale and sweaty, his voice sounds distant, but his signature grin is stretching his lips, blue laser going up and down on Dean's body like they always did when they met in front of their apartment, and Dean’s knees go weak for a moment, his palm sweating uncomfortably. He wants to ask how he is, how he’s feeling, if he hurts. He wants to ask why he had to leave his apartment and if he had a place to stay. Instead he mumbles
Spitting out the blood that had accumulated in his mouth, he talks, surprising even himself for how controlled his voice sounded, a hot sensation stirring in his throat, what was left of his grace pulsating inside his body.
Dean swallows, drowning for a moment in the blue of his eyes, his cool facade trembling, and Cas sees it, behind the cracks, his Dean, just for a moment, before he raised his walls again.
Castiel doesn’t let him finish, closing the space between them with just two steps and staring down at him. The man instinctively tenses up, Castiel could see the muscles in the man’s neck bulge as he tried to resist the urge to back down, obviously unsure of what to do with Castiel so close in his personal space.
Dean suddenly let go of his wrist, plunging his own hands into his jeans’ pocket, eyes not leaving the ground
"You wanna be a doctor? Wrap it around his wrist not too tight but just enough so that it's immobilized" he orders, her eyes widening with each of his words, but he didn't let her talk herself out "you do that while a take care of his wing"
“I am… Castiel’s friend” he finally says, not really wanting to mention his name, but the man doesn’t hesitate
Not because this time he thought he was going to be asleep for good. Not because this time he did not wake up surrounded by nothing and had to annoy his way out of it. Not because the first ragged, painfully human, breath he took in burned his lungs, on fire inside his chest, his heart beating so hard it seemed like it wanted to pounce out.
His lip wasn’t bleeding anymore, and his face was back to a normal size, but his eye was still blue and violet, dark shadows hanging low under both of them.
Her eyebrows wiggle. Dean ignores them and choughs another couple of times, trying to calm his heart that had suddenly decided that his chest was not comfy enough and had moved to beat in his throat
He sits on his bed, not really sure what to do next. The light in the room was dimming, so the right course of action would’ve been to turn on a lamp. But now that he was resting he didn’t feel like getting up again. He was also hungry, he recognised the rumbling of his stomach, the sound similar to what would produce a very loud frog. But again, to eat meant to get up and find food, and his legs were now against that idea.
Castiel shoots him a look that could very much be interpreted as ‘here?’, before walking away to the check out, and Dean follows immediately after like a puppy with separation anxiety, scrunching his nose while passing to the man the candies to ring them up, a strong whiff of weed slapping him in the face.
"Night kid" both Winchester reply, watching Jack paddle away along the bunker hallway towards his room, his pointy party hat still strapped to his chin.
He scratches his head, licking his lips to stop them from stinging but making the sensation worse, trying to calm his heartbeat. He felt like he'd just woken up from a dream, but he couldn't remember it. He felt weird and uneasy. The night before he could not fall asleep for the life of him, tossing and turning until midnight. He had convinced himself it was because of work and not the weird new neighbuor.
“I need to talk to Dean, but he won’t let me.” He keeps his eyes on the floor when he adds “It’s important.”
– echoing in the room even if unspoken. Dean had stopped defending Cas long ago. Not that he blamed him, Castiel knew what kind of reputation he had around the camp. He didn't care, but he didn't want Dean to suffer because of it.
He opened his mouth, suddenly dry, not exactly sure on how he was going to tell his once best friend that he loved him, on how to play it casual, when a knock on his door broke the sudden silence.
“I came by to take care of this. I knocked but you didn’t answer, so I thought you were having one of your orgies. I was going back to my barrack when I met Chuck. He told me that you didn’t answer to the girls either and he confessed about the sedatives, so I ran back here.”
Somehow, he still can’t release the death grip on the player, the last part of that song stirring something in his lower belly. He shifts, crossing one leg on the other. He wasn’t sure what ‘Squeeze me, babe, 'till the juice runs down my leg’ actually meant – it seemed like such an uncomfortable thing to do, lemon juice was an acid after all – but it dried up his throat and he was relieved when the song ended.
He and Charlie sat quietly for a couple of minutes, simply relaxing in each other’s company, until she slightly jumps up her seat
Dean mentally pats himself on the shoulder for his quick thinking, Mr. Novak wide shoulders relax imperceptibly, and he feels safe. He feels smart. Until his eyes dart on the doorframe and meet Castiel’s blue ones, deer in the headlight wide open. A nurse, short, curly black air hair girl with Trilli’s voice passes next to him, handing a large, light brown envelope to the doctor and chirps a rather joyful goodbye at Castiel, her hand softly brushing up and down his arm before disappearing, but the man doesn’t acknowledge her, his head tilted in confusion in Dean’s direction, his shirt untucked and held close only by a couple of buttons. Doctor Novak’s voice breaks the spell they are under
He pops one pill in his mouth and swallows it with some whiskey. He didn’t have water at hand and had no intention of looking for it. Then he takes the second, with another big gulp of alcohol. It burned his throat but warmed his chest.
"I'm full of surprises! What the hell are you doing?" Dean watches his little brother grab soap and a sponge. Sam turns around, a thin line crossing his forehead
"If you're done, I have things to do. If you wanna help get a gauze and disinfect that cut. Cas, I need you to lay down" he orders them, his voice flat.
He looks down at his bare, bowed legs with a defeated sigh. Those pants were truly too short, they barely arrived at mid-thigh. AN they were tight. Murmuring a weak "let's get this over with" he grabs his phone and keys, walking out and turning to lock his door.
Breathing becomes suddenly hard and Dean’s chokes on air. He shifts sideways on the seat, sputtering. It takes him a couple of seconds to calm down and when he does he shakes his head as hard as he can, straightening his back again
Four hours later Cas is not so sure. Sitting in the Impala, the windows rolled up to avoid the rain pouring in, he can hear the steering wheel squeak every time Dean’s grip tightens. It’s hot and stuffy, even with the clothes he’s chosen, a simple black t-shirt , Cas can feel little tears of sweat running down his spine, but he knows that most of it is because he’s nervous, the cassette tape burning a hole in his front jeans’ pocket. Dean’s forehead is damp, lucid, and little drops are decorating his hairline, and he looks two seconds away from jumping out of the moving car.
"I'm Castiel" he adds, immediately wondering why he said his entire name. He normally introduced himself as Cas, the few times he had to introduce himself at all. Only a handful of women and men actively frequented him and who sold him the drugs usually didn't care what he called himself, so beside Dean and Chuck and another couple of people no one knew his full name. But somehow it worked. The girl unclenches her hands, asking
“I’m not an angel” he grumbles, and Dean kisses the crown of his head, before settling behind him with a content sigh.
He walks the short distance to his car, a silver Prius, his steps echoing in the humid air, taking off his jacket before sitting in and wearing his seatbelt. A screeching sound forces him to look up in his review mirror, just in time to see a black Honda nsx skid out of the parking lot. He shook his head. The Rouwen's son of 8L. That boy was going to cause an accident.
"Listen Cas I know; trust me I know I've been a dick. But..." a single tear run down his cheek and he sniffs, seemingly forcing himself to continue speaking "Man just... Why did you lie to me? Were you afraid... are you that afraid of me? Because Cas I..."
“Damn it, not what I mean… I’m not saying it was a bother or anything… It was actually nice to have a mission again…”
He reaches for the half smoked blunt inside his jeans pockets. He started using drugs when he’d realized they numbed physical pain, made him sleep a little more peacefully, although it meant waking up in a cold sweat the morning after.
"I can't believe I trusted you..." Dean whispers, his voice hoarse "Just... go to Lana and get stitched up. I can't look at you right now."
Cas' eyes snap open. It was dark, but not because it was now nighttime. His face was pressed against someone's chest, it took him a couple of seconds to recognize Dean's scent. The man was laying next to him, his arms around his body, one hand pressed to his bare lower back, the other caressing gently the back of his neck. Castiel swallows, he was shaking and panting and his throat hurt like he'd actually screamed.
When Dean talks again he does it while closing his eyes, pinching the bridge of his nose, his voice low but not abrasive anymore
He cringes internally, he’d been going out with Joanne for six months and still didn’t use those. He can see the man’s mouth form the first word, see in the corner of his eye doctor Novak glance at them. Dean relaxes is shoulders.
Cas makes sure to lock his door once Dean is gone, turning his back to the only mirror in the room and taking off his shirt again, relaxing enough to let his wings out, shuddering at the stinging sensation. Even resized the took up a good portion of the room. He takes a breath, keeping his eyes shut. He didn't like to see them, but it was better to let them stretch out now, so that the annoying sensation he always felt wouldn't bother him too much during the mission. His mind had to be clear. He could not disappoint Dean, he did not want to.
She shook her head, her eyes still wide, and Cas lowered his, mentally debating if he should try and retrieve them again. But he was exhausted, and he knew it would just make his conditions worse. Somehow, he felt the need to apologize but before he could open his mouth Dean voice wips the air
Dean drove with one eye on the road and one on the passenger, risking multiple times to run through a red light. Castiel breathing was shallow and short, small grunts crawling up his throat every time Dean turned a little too hastily, but he remained conscious, silent but conscious, up until they got to the emergency.
Castiel is looking at him with his head tilted – something Dean had finally had the gut to admit was cute, that didn’t mean he liked the guy, or guys, he was allowed to think something was cute, that didn’t make him weird.
“You’re not real…” he whispers, his hands grabbing the fabric of the hunter’s shirt, because it can’t be, and Dean’s arms tighten around him.
Leaning back on the headboard he immediately wishes he had headphones, a slithering high-pitched sound echoing from the speakers as the flaming title – just one word, Supernatural – appears on a black background, but he stops himself from turning it down. Maybe he could teach his dear neighbour a lesson.
"I am getting up!" Dean grumbles, sitting straight and immediately bending forward for the pain, groaning inwardly.
“I’m fine” he replies, maybe a little too quickly, trying to pick up the box again. Dean steps forward
Castiel’s face was swollen, a deep cut on his upper lip was still bleeding, and his right eye socket looked black and violet.
Fergus insists, spreading a little his arms, as far as he could with his hands still inside the pockets.
When he retrieves them a small vial is hanging from his neck, grace twisting and dancing inside of it reflecting the sunbeams.
Just like it came, the cold expression was gone, and as the door opened a sweet, dangerous smile turned up the corners of his mouth
There was a smile lingering on Cas' lips, and his eyes were watching him with so much intensity that he barely lasted two seconds before he had to turn his face away, concentrating on the fork that was still impaling the left overs.
"Dean, I love you. I want to grow old with you. I know it will be safe in your hands” Castiel voice is soft, all the rough edges gone. “I love you" he repeats, and Dean believes him. Not that he didn't all the other times Cas has said those three words to him - he had a way of drilling them into his soul, making him feel the power of that statement in his bones. But in that moment, they felt different. They felt like a promise.
There’s no softness in his voice, it’s not a plea. It’s a command. And for once Dean obeys, voice thin and barely audible over the storm.
"Mr. Minder?" Dean calls, knocking once on the door. He waits for a minute, then raises his hand again, ready to knock a little harder, when the lock clicks and the white door slowly opens. But it wasn't Mr. Minder. Dean can't help but swallow hard on nothing, his throat suddenly bone dry, while the dark haired man leans on the door frame.
Cas casts his eyes on the ground, flopping on one of the chairs. Dean cooks in silence, back stubbornly turned, handing him after a few minutes a plate with scrambled eggs and sizzling bacon.
Driving home he loosen his tie, trying to remember what his schedule was, finding it difficult somehow, when he stops at a red light and lets his eyes trail off. They end on a yellow sign, and he spots through the transparent window a familiar figure handing someone a grocery bag.
Grabbing his keys he dawdles to the elevator with the intention of going for a drive and maybe find a coffee shop to spend the morning in, as far as he could from his building.
Dean’s exhales, and he blinks away the tears that had gathered on his eyelashes, feeling them roll down and wet the pillow. When he’s sure his voice is not going to break, he continues:
At work he can’t concentrate, he feels itchy. He did not shower the night before, it felt too weird with a stranger sitting in his living room, and that morning he was too late for work to do it. And blue eyes kept popping up in front of him. He wasn’t going to see him again. And although he knew that was good thing somehow his mind wondered again, to a tan flat stomach, firm arms, placed at each side of his head, the warm breath caressing his face…
He was late again, Thursday. Thirty minutes late. His boss yelled. His side and stomach hurt. He made mistakes because of that and was yelled at a little more. His father called, taking him by surprise, and Dean made the mistake of telling him he was not having the best day, and then had to listen to a ten minute reprimand from him on how he should start to man up and stop being a cry baby. Dean left work at eight pm not sure of how he was going to drive home. He was bent over, an arm wrapped around himself. Just walking to his car and sitting into the driver seat took his breath away. By the time he got to his block he was swerving. His nausea had gotten worse, the pain in his side reaching unbearable levels, not even the two aspirins he'd taken during the day had been able to help. He could feel his light blue button-down stick to his sweaty skin, and when he finally reached the elevator his knees were buckling.
That question took him by surprised and the trembling in the other man's voice forces Cas to look up. Dean was standing next to his bed, a slight tremor of his upper lip the only sign of distress. His green eyes were wide open and shiny, like he knew that if he had blinked tears would've started to fall. He looked so lost the angel instinctively grabs his wrist
It does take long. It's half past eleven when a nurse announces that because of an accident everyone will have to wait a little more and it's half past two when Dean's stomach reminds him that he hasn't eaten anything since the day before, rumbling loud enough for the woman sitting next to him to turn around. He smiles, apologetic, rubbing his arms for the tenth time in the past twenty minutes. He was cold. Hadn't thought about that when he was in the car or once arrived at the emergency room, but now, sitting motionless in just his t-shirt, with ac apparently turned at maximum in that tiny room, he kept getting waves of goosebumps. He shifts in his seat again, trying to get as comfortable as possible on the tiny metallic chair, but his butt was starting to get numb. Castiel's voice startles him.
"Eventually yes... Dean I am sorr-" Cas tried to say again but Dean raises a hand, trying to let that new information sink in.
He tried so hard to be a good leader, to be strong and fearless and make all the decisions that had to be made. It was his duty after what he had caused. It was hard, and he hated every second of it. Watching Castiel lose his grace because of him had been the final blow. He knew the angel would've died before denying Dean his help and he couldn't bare that. So he had started to keep his distance, and when he had discovered Cas addiction he was already too far gone to try and say or do something. He still checked up on him, lying about looking for Richard or anyone else, but it had gotten too awkward between them, and he did not know how to make things right again. And all the others had started seeing him as just a drugged loser, and Dean hated that even more. He'd thought... he'd hoped that with that mission Cas could've redeemed himself, and others would have started to see him as the great soldier he was. And when he'd seen Richard coming back alone... The thought of Cas dead almost floored him. And of course, his fear had turned into anger when the angel had popped up into his barrack, beaten and bloody.
"So?!" Dean yelled again, and Cas gave up. Defending his choices was useless. In that moment he just wanted to be alone, and he couldn't be if he started to argue.
“We should listen to something…” he dares, hoping his voice was steady enough to pass as uncaring. Dean is leaning back, hands placed on his thighs
"Chest..." he grunts, another painful spasm cutting off his voice, not sure why he felt compelled to answer the question at all. Green eyes did not need to know that information. He was going to be fine. He tries again to get up, but he can't, the hand moving from his armpit to his back, holding him down.
She had spoken with so much enthusiasm that for a moment Cas feels his chest swell up with pride he had long forgotten, but it lasted only until he lifted his eyes and saw a patch of particularly burned feathers on the tip of his left wing. He didn't even remember in what battle he'd gotten that.
Dean nods stretching a smile, glad to see the little man turn on his heels and disappear behind a door he hadn't noticed before. His eyes flick back to Castiel, and he swings his arms awkardly, his mouth dry, not sure how to proceed. The man in front of him seemed even more uncomfortable, not looking back at him, shoulders slightly slouched, and maybe because of that, Dean takes the chance to observe him. He realizes he'd never really looked at him for more than a few seconds - usually because the blue hungry stare was too heavy for him to handle or because he was half naked and Dean's eyes always ended up somewhere on his body. Castiel was dressed exactly like the day before. His black hair were flat against his head and a little bit oily. He looked pale under the fluorescent light, and his eyes were sunk into two dark shadows, that also hung low under them. He looked overall tired and what he'd said about his clientele popped into Dean's mind again, the multitude of people getting in and out of his apartment dancing in his brain.
He gets up, tiptoeing to his bedroom door, one hand outstretched, fingertips hovering on the knob. A soft rustling sound was coming from the other room. His adam apple bobs a couple of times before he finds the courage to unlock the door and walk out. Castiel was behind the counter, pouring hot, steamy, black coffee into a cup. His duffle was sitting on one of the stools.
This time it was Dean who moved away, retrieving his arms and propping himself up on an elbow, looking down at him
Joyce fumbled through the duffel bag she had brought with her, until she found disinfect and clean bandages. She left the bag on the floor, from where Dean pulled out the local anesthetic, preparing a syringe. When he walks over the kid had actually done a pretty good job, the wound was clean and only slightly bleeding. She looks at him almost as she was waiting for a grade, so he nods
"I... I was on Team 2. When Cas stopped us, I looked out of the window to see what made him decide that. My... my brother was on team one. I was afraid something had happened. That's when I saw the demons..."
Castiel is nowhere to be seen so he prowls around, picking up things and putting them down immediately, without paying attention, his mind on hold, when a familiar low voice makes him whirl around
"What will be my punishment? For ruining the mission. You know Dean Winchester... will he be really mad?"
“No you dumbass, I mean the…” he stops, his face going very red, and Cas is suddenly worried he’s caught something, standing there in the pouring rain.
The steering wheel leather squeaks under Dean’s grip. He knows he should drop the subject. He knows that. Still
Cas ignored him, looking directly at Dean and bit his tongue. He wasn’t there to create problems, he was there to help Dean. So he swallows his worries.
“Hello bitch!” she shouts, but her smile wavers a little upon seeing him and Dean rushes to fix his expression
"... and some of them were healers... they are my favourites" she finishes, after a good twenty minutes, her voice sounding excited. Cas chuckles
He motions to the hoover to further explain his point earning a raised eyebrow and heart-shattering smile
But the man didn't let him finish, starting to stitch his side unexpectedly and ignoring the hiss that came from Cas lips since the area was still not completely numb yet. Dean already knew what he was about to say, 'it's ok Dean', 'it's not your fault Dean', and he didn't want to hear it. It was his fault.
His words get cut off by a grunt, his head swaying forward and his knees giving up under him. Dean lets the cup fall to hold the arm in front of him, flinching when Castiel automatically grabs it to steady himself. Fortunately, there was not enough coffee to make much of a mess, still some of the lukewarm liquid spilled both on his jeans and on the floor, and Dean quickly shoots an apologetic smile to the janitor that was passing by and that glared at him before picking the empty cup up and walk away.
He wonders if he should give it back. Dean had said that you keep gifts, but the hunter was also keeping him at arm distance.
“Why are you running?” he asks, and Dean doesn’t look back, composing himself as much as someone under a raging storm could.
he hears the demon chirp, opening his eyes in time to see her strutting away. Somewhere in the back he hears a high pitch grunt, and fighting against the white hot pain that made little black dots blink in front of his eyes he turns, his side burning angrily in protest. He has to blink thrice before being able to make out the form that the older demon was pinning on its knees by the hair.
Dean nods, feeling slightly less railed up now that Castiel had told him what he was feeling. Taking care of others was his specialty, since he was four. He opens the paper bag and places it in Castiel’s hands, that were abandoned in his lap, opening the bottle of water and offering it to him
The doctor’s expression relaxes, opening in a warm smile. He raises on his feet, holding out a hand that Dean’s shakes and pointing the other at the two chairs in front of his desk. Dean notices Castiel’s blue blazer draped on the back of the closest one and sits on the other.
It wasn’t even weird that before he opened his eyes he felt strong arms around him, holding him tight, laying him gently on the ground, but not letting him go, so that when he finally blinked them open he was still being held against someone’s chest, two big green eyes staring down at him, a few inches from his face.
“What? ‘course I’m real, Cas you’re home” Dean’s voice cracks and Castiel’s heart shivers a little, because that’s the kind of voice that would have him try to comfort Dean in no time. But he knows better now. For a brief moment he wonders how much of his mind the Empty has read.
“What? The French lyrics?” Sam asks, stretching his abnormally long back and arms. Dean could hear his vertebrae pop from there.
They had not brought anything that could kill demons, they were not supposed to be there at all, according to Richard and his scouts. He had two choices. Keep doing what they were doing and leave, abandoning Team one to die. Or move out now, alert team one and leave the city before the demons could reach them.
He darts his tongue out a couple of times, wetting his lips, the kitchen's temperature suddenly a little too warm, the irritation for letting his brother play him stronger than the embarrassment of having just asked the angel if he wanted to have sex – maybe he had to set his priority a little straighter, but damn it that wasn’t the time.
His whole day turned out to be more stressful than he'd had anticipated. The company's profit had started to sink a couple a months before and his work had become... Well he liked to use the term erratic when Joanne asked about it during Tuesday date nights. A nightmare sounded a bit too much.
Castiel follows him quietly to his car, sitting into the passenger seat silently, only telling him to take him to the convenience store.
"C'mon, you have to get up, I brought you some food, but I want you to sit at the table to eat it. This way I can clean that bed, you bled on it yesterday"
"They are ruined and pathetic... No one should have to look at them. And I did not tell you about my grace because you didn't need something else on your mind. I already became useless, even if you knew that wouldn't have changed anything... Our... bond is already broken..." his voice trailed off. He kept his eyes fixed on his hands, that were laying on the bed. His stomach closed up when the mattress creaked.
"He's a friend" Dean had replied, eyes avoiding his father's because he could feel his ears turning red
He turns back to his task right after and Dean nods to no one in particular, feeling defeated, walking past the man but whipping around immediately at a strained sound. Castiel was kneeling, one hand on his chest, the other curled in a fist on the half empty shampoo box.
Good, now he was being made fun of by strangers online too. He scratches his neck, leaning back with the laptop on his legs
The first time he’d experienced an erection he was still an angel, sitting in a motel room with Sam and Dean, watching porn while the brothers were busy with research. For some reason the blood flow had gone south, and it only took him a little bit of grace to make the uncomfortable sensation go away.
When he gets to the emergency room the place looks rather full, mostly occupied by drunken people who had too much of a good time, but even among the loud blabbering of inebriated men and women he recognises Castiel’s voice, booming enraged above the rest
"Well, lately we both were" Cas replies, smiley tentatively up to the man he loved, his heart fluttering when he hears him chuckle
They wait for the signal, and when the shooting and the screaming starts Castiel and the two guys that got assigned to him move. He knew they weren't too happy to be led by him but he didn't care. His mind was completely focused on the mission, his brain sharp, working faster than it had in a long time.
Castiel coughs the grin away, wheezing out a weak "No". Dean hands are halfway to his shoulder when he stops himself, his brain finally connecting. Why his body looked for contact every chance it got, Dean couldn’t explain it. But that had to stop.
Dean looks at him, puzzled and Cas smiles again, but not his stoned, empty one. His sweet, crooked one, that made the skin around his eyes wrinkle a little, and his nose scrunch up. The smile made Dean reciprocate instantly and instinctively, gurgling out a weak
He tries to focus his eyes on her. She was still bleeding from the cut on her neck, the blood shining bright against her pale skin. She was holding the steering wheel with both hands so tightly that her knuckles had turned white.
“And I can do something about it…” he mumbles to himself, walking to the bathroom to turn on cold water in the shower.
Cas was following Dean’s advice, “losing the trench coat”, later in the evening, when the mix tape tumbles out of one of the inside pockets onto the mattress of the spare room. It had been Sam who told him to use it, Dean nowhere to be found.
He always kept it on him, even after his fight with Dean. However, he didn’t try to listen to it back then, he had the time, yes, and even Sam’s old cassette tape player. He even bought batteries, during one of his trips to the fisherman’s store, but he never found the strength to do it. It hurt too much.
The manager, who didn't seem to realize the two men knew each other bowed slightly his head, starting to walk backward
Maybe it was the tone of the man, authoritarian, firm. Maybe the fact that his name coming out of his mouth did not sound like something dirty or shameful you look at sideways while passing by. Maybe because Dean sounded genuinely concerned, but Castiel stops fighting to get on his feet, raising his head to find green eyes kneeling at eye level. His face seemed both angry and worried, a combination Castiel had never seen before. His eyebrows were knotted together, his strong stubbled jaw clenched. After all, Castiel wouldn't have minded passing out if the last thing he saw was that beautifully sculpted face. Then a finger comes into his line of vision and he focuses
He inserts the cassette in the player slot carefully, almost reverentially, pressing down the play button, eyes fixed on the ceiling. He has to remember to himself he needs to breathe when the first notes of
"Don't you need to get in?" he asks, stopping the elevator's doors just before they could close, his eyes not leaving the man a few steps away from him, who scratches his neck and mumbles a low "Thanks" that didn't sound very thankful, before stepping in.
But now he wishes he hadn’t stop him, he wishes he kept his mouth shut. Because Dean had made that tape long before their fight, long before they had fallen apart. So he didn’t have to apologise, he had nothing he had to say.
It was Monday. Monday Dean usually worked out at home. But he could switch it up and do it on Thursday. It wasn’t derailing too much from his schedule if he just switched it up, and somehow he didn’t feel like staying at home, although the temperature had dropped significantly lately.
The guard holds up a hand with his palm towards him keep the person in custody until the police gets here and…”
"What's that?" Dean asks, proud of the fact that his voice didn’t crack and ashamed of the fact that he had to be careful about his voice cracking around the angel at all.
Castiel feels him shift. He was clearly lying above the duvet, probably on his back from the way his hand was positioned upsidedown against Cas’s shoulder.
"Can't Richard lead the group by himself? or maybe Lora or Jonathan?" he insist, but Dean scrolls his head, his lips slightly turning upwards, his features always so stoic and hard relaxing a bit.
"My family?" he whispers, and almost as he'd summoned him, he hears his brother deep voice booming somewhere behind the curtains.
“And you had to go and intercept him, loosing your own appointment, and for what? A two hours talk, no pay and then two weeks of endlessly roaming? Was that the time you got yourself arrested just to get a place to sleep?”
Dean had felt the blood freeze into his veins. Of course Liam was just friend. Yes, they hugged each other a lot... And yes there had been that kiss, but was on a dare and his father couldn't have come to known about that.
The angel had gone still, and as the minutes went by and he didn't reply Dean had started to freak out, afraid he’d ruined it, whatever they were he’d ruined it, and pushing himself up to look at Cas his mind was already thinking about five ways to pass his words as a joke, but all his excuses had died in his throat. Cas looked possibly ecstatic, his eyes shiny and moist.
"You all know what to do" Richard concluded, after explaining the plan again and dividing them in two groups, his dark eyes staring down at Castiel more than what it was necessary. Castiel did not back down.
Dean retort sound hollow even in his own ears. He absentmindedly grabs the offered can, sipping slowly and trying to ignore the pulling at his side.
The man squints his eyes and Dean wonders since when he’s so bad at talking. He clears his throat and tries again.
Flopping on the bed and pulling his laptop closer he opens Gabriel’s email to find the invite. Apparently, the game was not out on the market yet, and you could play only if you got sent a link. Castiel had never been into online games and starting to play now felt silly. He was in his late thirties, for Pete’s sake, full of debts and alone.
He leans on the wall outside the emergency room, almost to prove a point. His brother had decided to call him just when they’d finally found an empty chair, and he had walked out of there backwards, making sure Castiel wasn’t going to get up again.
But now Dean was standing there, in front of him, looking vulnerable again and all he wanted to do was swing his arms around him and pull him closer, nothing more. He didn't dare to think about more, not anymore. He knew he wasn’t worthy of someone like Dean, he wasn’t when he was an angel and sure he wasn’t now. He had made peace with it, he would've have been happy with just seeing Dean relax, forgive himself for all that had happened, because it wasn't his fault. Still, he didn't move. Instead, he heard himself say
"What, you slept with half the camp but draw the line with me?" the other replied, confidence oozing out of his voice
"What?" Dean asks, turning at him surprised, and somehow annoyed, and Cas winces grabbing his head with his left hand. He'd almost forgot that he had a headache, and his head pounded painfully when Joyce took advantage of Dean's distraction to walk past him, asking a little too close to the angel ears "How do you feel?"
“I love you, you infuriating, insufferable human, I love you. It was not a spur of the moment” he growls, refraining himself from making air quotes, afraid that if he lets Dean go he might not catch him again. Drops of water are sliding from his hair, plastered to his forehead, into his eyes, but Cas refuses to blink, trying to sear his feelings for the man in front of him directly into his cornea.
Dean suddenly thinks that he breathes too loudly, and tries to quiet down, watching the man in front of him throw the rattling container into the bag and zipping it close. When he turns around his blue eyes are empty, glazed, and even though the corners of his mouth are stretched into a faint smile his expression remains heavy. He grabs the duffle.
Sam comes into his line of vision, walking to stand behind his brother, a bowl in hands, his long hair flat on his head, and the hand that was cupping his face disappear, Dean standing a little straighter.
Castiel squints. He hadn’t walked upstairs to be logic-ed with. He notices the man eyes travel down and up quickly, a pink shade colouring his cheeks, and following his gaze Castiel realizes his penis was knocking at his sweatpants, the shape of it pretty clear against the grey fabric. He couldn’t remember the last time his morning wood had looked so prominent, standing proudly at attention. He quickly glances up when the man clears his throat, freckles highlighted by the red of his face, and Castiel panics when he feels his underwear tighten even more at that sight. Swirling around he speaks over his shoulder, walking away as fast as he could without actually running
Heat rushed over Cas' whole body. He backed up enough for him to being to look Dean in the eyes, his heart beating furiously in his chest
Cas needed a hand with this, so the next morning he goes up to Sam, who was sitting quietly in the kitchen, reading something on his laptop. The former angel doesn’t even need to use the full-length speech he’d prepared to get the younger Winchester’s attention. Sam is up at his “I need your help”.
Dean felt like someone had reached into his throat and was trying to pull out his gut. Cas really thought that? He wanted to deny it, but Joyce talked first
That’s why he doesn’t move when there’s a scratching sound coming through the headphones instead of the thirteenth track.
Dean’s voice is hard, the edges cut deep. Castiel has to swallow two times before he can get any kind of voice out of his sore throat
"Sir, your son’s stats are all wrong, and his fever was severe, he was lucky his boyfriend had a quick reaction and brought him here"
Now and then he thought about what his father would've said about his relationship with Cas. Not that it was a relationship of course... Although he couldn't help but wonder, maybe when all of that was over, when they could sit down and relax, maybe... Maybe he could actually try and untangle his feelings. At least admit to himself what he'd known for a while but didn't dare to even think, because Cas could hear his thoughts and feel his longing and just the thought of how awkward the situation might get, the two of them working together, if he confessed that he lov...
Dean brain buffers. He hadn’t used his insurance since the day of the accident. Who could have stolen it? A light bulb blinks in his head
"We have no time, so quit bickering and listen. This is the plan. You two will guide your groups here" he points on the map "Richard, your group will grab the croatoan's attention. You told me that in that zone there are no demons so it won't be too hard for you and your team to hold them off for the time that Cas’s team will need to infiltrate the hospital building and take what we need. Then both groups will meet here and come back together"
Dean brain buffers. That was it. His life was finally going back to normal; he could go back to do things by the book. That’s what he wanted, right? Not yet.
Castiel heart ached, thumping furiously in his chest. Dean hadn't open up to him like that in a long time. It was the longer they'd stayed alone in a room, talking, in 6 months. He looked so tired, dark shadows were hung low under his eyes. For a moment Castiel saw his best friend again, the man he rebelled for, the caring Dean, the man he fell in love with.
“I’m fine and I do” the man replies, placing his hands on the counter and leaning forward, crowding Dean’s space and breathing the smell of weed directly on his skin, grin pulling up. The fans in Dean’s brain start to work a little faster, and like a weird pavlovian effect his pants start to feel a little tighter than before, but he can’t back away, his feet glued to the floor.
"Are you Castiel?" she asks, pulling a leather whip out of her black purse, and he involuntarely steps back, the blood that had travelled south completely draining up and suddenly his shorts were not as constrictive as before.
“What? Cas you’re home, it’s ok” Dean’s voice sounds close and Castiel hates himself for how much he loves hearing those words even though he knows they’re fake.
Dean drops down at his level again, cradling his face, and Cas calms down, leaning into the touch, ashamed at how much he craved it, and Dean stroked his cheeks with his thumbs, gently forcing him to look up. Dean eyes were shiny, a thin veil of tears layered them, and Cas got lost in their green. It was not the cold, rough, judgmental stare he had gotten so used to, it was soft, tender, caring, worried. It was Dean's.
“Chest pains” he manages to remember, although he’s sure from the quick glance she throws at him there was probably something else. She goes back to her computer.
The man’s eyes seem to focus a little more at the mention of his name. When he answers his voice is strained, like every single breath was costing him a lot of effort
“Promise?” the man asks, voice almost wrecked, and Castiel nods, he shakes his head up and down with all the strength he has left because of course he was going to stay next to Dean, even if it meant dying.
Dean’s voice is way too close and painfully too high, drilling into his skull from between his eyes and pounding painfully in his throbbing head. Castiel can only grunt and vomit a little more, the bitter taste on his tongue activating his gag reflexes even though there’s nothing more than saliva that comes out.
The back of his eyes sting, and Cas can only presume that it means he’s tired and he needs to sleep. He’s pretty sure that tears should not run down ones cheeks, but that’s probably because his heart is beating almost painfully, his hold on the tape so tight that the shape of it was getting printed on the flesh of his palm. For a moment he feels anger, bubbling in his chest, raising higher and higher.
