“I’m sorry,” he said again and John kissed his neck, just above the plaster.
The voice was smooth and the man it belonged to was tall, dark-haired and had astoundingly grey eyes.
Mrs Hudson went back into her flat after putting the rubbish out, still smiling to herself. She didn’t know what the two men were up to this time, but she liked seeing Sherlock happy and laughing.
“So they all did know that one person.”
“Of course it’s a choice. Every kill was a choice.”
Sherlock stared at the contents of the envelope for a few minutes, then he grabbed his coat and rushed out. His tea stood on the kitchen table, cooling slowly. Next to it was his phone, also forgotten about.
“Fuck you,” John chuckled and pinched a nipple, surprising Sherlock.
“Not for long now, though,” the man stood up and walked around the table toward Sherlock.
clothes?
“I’m just saying. I had a feeling,” she continued. “The way you suddenly gave Sherlock something to focus on,” she shook her head. “That had never happened before. Anyway, I just wanted to tell you that I am very glad that you two have each other and this is your tenth Christmas together, so I thought I’d give you something special.” She pulled an envelope out of the pocket of her dress. She held it out to both of them, but Sherlock didn’t move, so John finally took the envelope from her.
“Yeah, you never do.”
John turned and walked towards the door. He was wearing nothing but his boxers. Sherlock tried to ignore that for the moment, which was not easy, what with the orgiastic screams and all.
“You were a child, Sherlock,” John noted and Sherlock didn’t seem to find that to be relevant at all.
John chuckled. “I said I was.”
Sherlock straightens his spine, twirls around and strides away, dropping “Let’s go find an expert!” over his shoulder.
“So am I, John.”
“He drugged and threatened you. I don’t think I would have let him get away with it.”
Yet, for the final minutes of the ride, he couldn’t stop bursting into giggles again and again. Once they reached Baker Street, John helped to manoeuvre Sherlock out of the car but then made him kick off his shoes on the stoop, and, once the door was closed, take off his trousers before going up the stairs. It was exactly at that moment that John had carefully turned his trousers inside out and the shoes dangled one arm’s length away from Sherlock, who was just starting to climb the stairs in socks and pants, while still wearing his shirt, jacket and scarf on top, that Mrs Hudson came out of her door, ready to take out the trash.
“Shouldn’t they be done soon?”
Hmm. Anger. Interesting. “So why did you kill them if not for the tattoo?”
John stared at him. Anderson stared at him. Lestrade, who had seen them pass his office and had been curious and followed them, stared at him.
“Better?”
“I’m glad you are making progress. I’m going back to bed, though. I’d love if you’d join me at some point.”
Sherlock returned with a glass of water. John stopped his head-rubbing to sip some.
John sighed and gave Sherlock a searching look. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t be angry with you. What happened?” He very carefully began cleaning the wound and then closed it with a patch. “You might need stitches. We’ll see if we need to go to the hospital later.” Then he cleaned the rest of the blood away before he picked up the bloodied shirt. His hands were shaking lightly and Sherlock felt a little sick.
“I have … what now?”
“You’re not a possession.”
“Fine, leave them,” Sherlock had finally said and disappeared into the kitchen where he had proceeded to loudly pluck plates, cups and glasses out of the cupboards. John had simply stood in the middle of the living room when Molly had turned to him, gave him a once over and shrugged. “It’s true. But it’s true for everyone,” she smiled and kissed Lestrade. “That includes you and him,” she indicated the kitchen.
John had made it a rule that if he did forget or purposefully left is phone at home, he would borrow someone’s phone and text that line as code for “I’m alright, don’t worry.”
“I won’t be alone. I’m taking Lestrade. I need someone to drive me anyway.”
“I am not!”
“A man, you think?”
“What? What shoe print?”
“Oh, no, I didn’t have to. They weren’t holding me back.”
Ten minutes later they were curled up in bed, John with both arms around Sherlock, as if that would keep him safe and sound in the future.
Instead of sitting, John threw himself on the sofa and started rubbing his head against the armrest.
He turned and stared out the window for a few minutes.
Sherlock shivered and goosebumps broke out all over his body. “John,” he whispered.
That was not the thing that destroyed the rare quiet atmosphere that filled 221b Baker Street, though. Sherlock flopped back down and went back to sleep, Greg continued to tell John about Rosie.
what I’m suggesting.”
She stopped in her tracks and then cocked her head, her eyes moving back and forth between John, holding the bag with the coat and the trousers, while Sherlock looked like he was trying to sneak up the stairs silently, that John realised how much like a very strange version of Santa (or rather the Grinch) and his helper they must have looked like. He and Mrs Hudson started laughing at the same time. For a moment, Sherlock looked like he was going to drop the shoes and not take any further steps of not getting soot everywhere, but then he sighed and joined in their laughter.
“Hmm, well, the not caring part I get. It was a little more selective with mine. But sending me away when I was so close, that was just cruel.” He saw the helicopter touch down on the other side of the vast meadow they were standing on. “I do wonder how you would have reacted if I had managed to solve the case.” Sherlock forced himself to look at the man. He took a step to the left as to direct his attention away from the men approaching them quickly. He knew that they might be too late, but he was impressed by the speed of it all.
The librarian had risen from behind the counter and came to stand next to him, trying to really very quietly shout at him. Sherlock decided that he couldn’t be bothered and simply stepped around him and towards the public announcement board. Most of the leaflets on the photograph were still pinned to the wall, so it couldn’t have been very long since it had been taken.
“Just an … itch that needed scratching,” John grinned.
John wondered if that meant a quadruple murder would be welcome any other time of the year. Greg wondered why she made it sound like
The man ignored him. Clearly a different approach was needed.
He looked out of the dusty attic window over the vast expanse of London.
John and Greg hastened to get their coats on while Sherlock simply used the momentum of rushing down the stairs to slide into his coat and he had wound his scarf around his neck and slipped into his gloves, one hand raised to stop a cab which came to a halt with squealing tyres, obviously surprised by the sudden appearance of the dark energetic man in front of it before either John or Greg had left the flat.
“I’m here.”
“Right,” John nodded. Neither the man nor his wife has seemed in any way sinister to him.
“You could have been there already, if you hadn’t attempted to show the world that you are lanky enough to fit through a goddamned chimney! Now get in the bath!” John chided him and when Sherlock passed him, he slapped his arse soundly.
Sherlock coughed delicately and said, “I do, in fact, have a better idea.”
He took the picture and put it up next to the others on the picture wall over the fireplace. Then he poured himself a drink, sat down in his favourite armchair and gazed at the pictures with a sense of satisfaction.
Sherlock walked down the corridor, smiling to himself. He found that he did, in fact, mean his apology and he knew that if John had still been mad at him, he couldn’t possibly hold it against him after this. Maybe he should apologise to people more often?
“They were all very recent, except the one that the fourth victim had. That’s older. Do you need to know how old exactly?”
“Useless,” Sherlock muttered before he reframed his question. “Have you noticed anything strange going on in the library?”
“Yes. Feel free to join me swiftly.”
“Stabbed. It’s all in here.” She handed him four files. He was about to hand them over to Sherlock, but he waved them away. Clearly cause of death was not important to him right then.
When Sherlock hadn’t returned an hour later, he went downstairs only to find that Mrs Hudson had apparently gone out. A small knot of worry started to form in his stomach.
Sherlock, standing in the middle of the Natural History Museum’s dinosaur exhibition, tries his best to look like a man who has not deleted dinosaurs but fails because he has, in fact, deleted dinosaurs.
“My brother is practically the British Government.”
“I’m going over there and I’m going to shout at them.”
Here Sherlock actually coughed, because he forgot to swallow and almost choked on his own spit.
“Hmm, I wasn’t thinking so much in terms of possessions, but, you know, talent.”
“Exactly. Make a wish!” Sherlock started rocking again and John felt a tiny bit proud, even though he had no idea why Sherlock thought that to be important.
“I know. I just needed to say it.”
“Come here, your bath is ready” he called out, but Sherlock was already on the threshold to the bathroom. He must have watched him silently. The thought sent a delicious bolt of heat down his spine.
“Thank you,” Sherlock gently stroked John’s back and kissed him and John melted against his lips, only wishing to be lying down. It had been some time since they had fallen asleep in each other’s arms. He hoped that Sherlock would be fast in solving the case.
This time, the man had recovered a little. “Well, certainly, yes. You walk in here without showing your patron pass and without taking off your coat. The audacity …”
He had so much to do, so many things to prepare and still he lingered; basking in the knowledge of being a good disciple, of having done well.
“No. I don’t know why I’m awake. Maybe I missed you,” he grinned tiredly at Sherlock whose face did a funny thing for a moment. Sherlock stood up and walked the few paces over to where John stood and wrapped his arms around him.
John did notice that Sherlock would look at him whenever he walked past or stood close to one of the light strands, so he made sure to stand close to them as often as he could while pretending to not notice Sherlock’s interest.
Sherlock rolled his eyes. “I told you. I wasn’t allowed.”
“And?”
“Are we going to the hospital?”
Sherlock chuckled. “No. But I do have theories. Six, to be exact. Maybe seven.”
“But why am I here. Just so you can kill me, too, and call it a day? Who will you be upset with after you’ve done it? It appears that I am quite the motivator for your little killing spree and I am certain that things won’t be the same after.”
“Hard to say. It's coagulated already. 10 litres, maybe?”
“If you promise to leave after?”
John’s stance loosened and Sherlock knew that he would be forgiven. Some groveling might be necessary and some show of goodwill. Oh! He just had the perfect idea of what to do!
“Right, apart from that,” Sherlock rolled his eyes. Politeness didn’t actually lead to success.
John couldn’t help but laugh, too, and pulled him into the bedroom.
“Open it,” Mrs Hudson nodded encouragingly. Sherlock sipped on his punch.
“Yes.”
“-hicc-”
Sherlock’s silence was all the answer John needed. He pulled him closer by the hip, both for warmth and the general need to be close to him.
The desire for you spreads through me as fast as a deadly
“We can go and say hi to Molly,” John suggested, trying to remember whether they had invited her and Greg to their Christmas dinner already. It wouldn’t hurt to do it twice, just in case.
John brushed his teeth first and then picked up the mugs to place them into the sink before he unhooked one of the fairy light chains from the mirror above the mantelpiece. It was battery powered, which pleased John. He switched it off and took it into the bedroom and hid it under the bed for a moment. When Sherlock came out of the bathroom, freshly showered despite the late hour, and with red eyes which gave away his emotional state, John made him sit down on the bed and towelled his hair dry.
Sherlock cleared his throat, clearly getting ready to berate John for being amused by something so pedestrian as dirt. So in order to make sure that he wouldn’t, John moved a little closer, and, careful not to touch any sooty part of Sherlock, pressed a kiss to his mouth. Then his tongue darted out and he tasted soot even on his own lips. Sherlock did crack a smile at John’s disgusted expression then, and John felt slightly less guilty for laughing.
“I need something to go on here.”
John carefully pulled open the envelope and tucked a single sheet free from it. It was a photocopy of Mrs Hudson’s will. John stared at her. “What?”
“Fine. As long as I get to sleep a little.”
“Well, now you know it’s not unwanted.”
“Did you ever think it would end like this?” The man took a step closer to Sherlock, but he did not stand as close as he had in his house, having learned from Sherlock’s self-defense tactic.
“My fault? It was
Sherlock closed his eyes and sighed with pleasure. They were both asleep in an instant.
Sherlock simply smirked, a look of pity and adoration on his face.
broken into their flat after all, even if they didn’t take anything but the biscuits.
John woke up in the middle of the night, being absolutely certain that Sherlock had not even entered the bedroom since he had crawled under the covers, hoping against hope that Sherlock might join him. But he had rested after the last case and the new one had him wide awake.
“Help me?” Sherlock pouted and held up his dirty hands.
“You killed the Christmas Murderer. That’s why he suddenly stopped.”
John was still not looking at him and his voice was not angry, just disappointed. Which was even scarier than anger. Lestrade must have told him that Sherlock was wounded, but not life-threatening, otherwise John would have demanded.to look at his wounds as soon as he got in.
“No. He just said the murderer came through the window.”
“What about the tattoos?” Sherlock asked.
Both men scoffed.
John was still trying to do up the zipper on his coat when he sat down next to Sherlock, breathing heavily. Greg was in slightly better shape, somehow appearing to have expected something like this to happen, which worried John a little. After all these years, it still bugged him when he realised that, occasionally, Greg knew Sherlock better than he did.
“Are you threatening my whole family now?”
Sherlock tried to keep his eyes open. He should not have accepted the offer of a tumbler of brandy, but he knew he would have been in greater danger had he refused. He was utterly exhausted. Outside, the first grey light peeked over the horizon. The view was actually quite something, he found, wondering whether, if he ever grew tired of London, he’d be able to live in a house with a view. Maybe the southern coast? With a lovely garden and a handful of boxes for beekeeping. John would bring tea outside and they could sweeten it with their own honey.
sexual partner doing the screaming, he was a delicate flower too.
“Oh, I can think of quite a number of reasons,” Sherlock took a step forward. He did not feel comfortable being crowded in by the man so he tried to do the same to him. “Number one would have been that I am not a compulsive murderer.”
. This goes on for 45 minutes!”
Greg had come over with pastries for a late breakfast and the accounts of the wrapping up of the case. They were sitting at the (for once empty and clean) kitchen table, sipping tea and talking quietly. Needlessly, because not even an explosion could wake Sherlock from his post-case-sleep, something which had once been proven by an actual explosion in the bathroom.
“I was
John took in his honest tone and stopped. He stopped speaking, he stopped pacing, he even stopped breathing for a moment. Then he exhaled and when he continued, his voice was soft.
“Something?”
This is a one-chapter-per-day story for the Advent Calendar 2019 Challenge.
room.”
“You know,” John smiled and gently touched the fading red line on his throat. “It’s strange to know that there is a person who is so similar to you in this world.”
By the time they had reached Baker Street, the city was covered in two inches of fresh, heavy snow. John knew that most of it would be gone in the morning, as the city was too warm to carry snow for long, but he did stop on the second step to their front door and turned around to look at the street which lay calm and quite behind them, glistening in the orange light of the street lamps.
Suddenly way more interested in the chimney and in going up than before, Sherlock tossed his coat to John and disappeared.
“Next time.”
Sherlock stepped into the small, shabby room and turned around himself once. There was very little blood on the bed, but everything else looked untouched. There was no fight, Sherlock stated, his fingers hovering over the sheets. “The victim was out of work. Had been for some time. Struggled with addiction, but went to meetings regularly.”
Sherlock took his hand but instead of getting up, he pulled until John had to climb on top of him. John took the mug and placed it on the small table he could just reach before he kissed Sherlock. Sherlock’s arms sneaked around his back and he pulled him close and pressed his face against John’s chest. John cradled his head and kissed his hair until Sherlock exhaled shakily and pulled back a little. “She must have had too much to drink,” he shook his head. “She can’t possibly mean it.”
“Why didn’t you say anything.”
He felt something hot and burning pierce the skin of his forearm and jerked awake. He found his adversary staring down at him with pity. The tip of the knife gleamed red. “You’re just like the rest of them, the man sad. “Nothing special after all. And you could have achieved so much. Instead you waste your life on petty theft and being a lap dog for your big brother. You’re pathetic.”
I am already drowning in Christmas preparations at my family's place, so this one is rather short again.
I am soooo tired, there was no way this chapter wasn't ending with someone sleeping. ;)
The change in their relationship did not solve the problem of the screaming neighbour, but Sherlock offered to deal with that by arranging a quiet and terrifying visit by Mycroft although John was still very much in favour of the killing. “Between the two of us and Mycroft, we could probably come up with the perfect murder!” While Sherlock agreed with that, he did not harbour as much resentment as John did. He did not admit this to John, because he seemed to enjoy his righteous anger way too much.
It was a familiar ritual, but usually it was frequently interrupted by gentle caresses and giddy recaps of their adventure. This time it was silent and sober. Sherlock didn’t like it.
Sherlock looked at John quizzically and Lestrade huffed out an exasperated breath. “If he asks why December is relevant to chimney climbing, I’m going to cry.”
“Should not have been… You are pointing towards the original so-called Christmas Murderer. It couldn’t have been you, you would have been a child.”
“Oh, no.
“Breathing is boring,” he reminded John, who stopped chewing for a moment, remembering quite clearly that he repeated the line from one of the first conversations between him and Sherlock, back in a time when he had no idea just how decidedly his life would change because of the mad genius that now sat in front of him, going very lightly grey at the temples, carrying a few more scars and a lot more laughter lines.
Sherlock often dreamt vividly during those times, and now and then mumbled or even talked in his sleep. Used to his weird antics, neither of the men in the kitchen reacted much when he suddenly sat up and said very clearly to no one in particular, “No, that is not how you construct a tangent to two circles!”
The man stretches his long arm out, his palm up, fingertips stretched towards John expectantly. John holds his closed fist over the man’s palm, the metal chain of the dog tags slipping between his fingers and brushing over the man’s flesh, though the tags themselves remain in his fist. He feels, somehow, that letting them go is significant, and he hesitates for just a moment before he opens his hand, the small bundle dropping into the man’s palm with a tinkling sound of metal.
John lets out a surprised moan and tangles his fingers into Sherlock’s hair.  He breaks the kiss to rest his head against Sherlock’s neck, his breath hot and moist against Sherlock’s skin.  Sherlock loves it and he knows if he hadn’t just come, he would be hard already.
Sherlock looks around, blinking. The natural light from the window is gone since it’s nighttime, and it should be dark in the room, but everything is warmly illuminated by the hundreds of small magical lights that are suspended throughout the room like stars. The little butterflies and birds glow as they fly amongst the plants, stopping to rest on the brightly colored flowers and leaves. It’s quiet, save for the gentle sound of the waterfall.
“I guess so,” John says. He hesitates, but decides to change the subject. “Anyway, you never answered. Why are you here?”
“Outside your flat?” Mary asks.
“Alright,” Sherlock says quickly. This whole evening doesn't make sense to him; there are too many strange events, too many things he hasn’t yet processed, but he can’t bear to hear John stumble over his words like this, not his steady and true and brave John, and so he agrees. Before he even realizes what he’s agreed to, though, John is suddenly standing and plucking the wine glass out of Sherlock’s hand and placing it on the table.
John looks at him, his heart beating light and fast. “Sherlock,” he says. “You –”
“A bit, yeah,” John says, eyes on Sherlock’s but attention on his neck. “Especially when there’s a furry snake inside my shirt.”
“John,” Sherlock says. “Is this – if this is – is this real? I can’t-“
“What lies ahead?” Mary asks.
Sherlock leans back, still staring at John in deep scrutiny and holding his hands steepled underneath his chin. John raises an eyebrow and calmly drinks his coffee, waiting for whatever it is Sherlock will say.
, John. This is – “ He waves a hand again, sending another book into the wall. “This stupid
“We are,” John finally says.  “Let’s keep it that way, yeah?”
“That was – that was almost eighty years ago,” John says. He sets his plate down; his hands are shaking.
“Sherlock,” John says. His voice is softer now, tinged with worry. His palm feels clammy against Sherlock’s neck. Sherlock breathes deep through his nose. He knows he can’t stay like this forever. He swallows, steels himself, and sits up. John’s hand slips away. He ignores the way the room spins for a moment, closes his eyes, and takes a deep breath. It’s shaky, but he’s doing his best to regain whatever control on himself he has.
“Sherlock!” John says.  “Congratulations!  You were amazing!”
“What?”
“Mrs. Hudson!” he calls, pounding on the door. When there’s no immediate response, he opens the door, and rather than the usual warm welcome Mrs. Hudson gives him, he is greeted by silence, foreboding and cruel. His breath turns shaky and fast when he sees that the kitchen is empty, and so is the living room.
“Only good things, I hope,” Billy chimes in as Sherlock makes an approving sound to John.
John feels confused, and he’s not sure it’s the wine’s fault. “You know, at least 70% of the time when you speak, I have no idea what you’re talking about,” he confesses.
“You know I hate meaningless expressions,” Sherlock adds. His lip is quirked up in a familiar smirk, but it doesn’t reach his eyes. “And for the record, I’m being neither nice nor considerate. I’m never nice, John, you should know that. I’m quite selfish.”
Sherlock relaxes further against John, his stomach fluttering, his mind quiet, his veins thrumming with John, his heart pounding.
John is running behind her, his heart hammering, when suddenly, she trips.  She falls flat on her face, a dull thud echoing in the emptiness that surrounds them.  He kneels down next to her as relief floods him, and rests his hand on her back.  His heart is pounding.
Mycroft shakes his head. “It’s not my place to tell you that.”
“And yet, he was soaked to the bone and covered in mud when you found him.  If he were waiting, wouldn’t he have been using an umbrella?”
John lets go of his wrist, and Sherlock feels the absence of his touch like a punch in the face, like a fall to a restaurant floor. He swallows hard.
it with as much certainty as he knows his own name.
Sherlock closes his eyes and his breath hitches. He’s not sure how to process any of this and he needs a moment, but gently, John takes his hands and pulls, and so Sherlock opens his eyes and allows John to lead him through the bathroom and into the bedroom.
“What’d you do there?”
John does, settling back down under his sheets. Sherlock holds out his hand next to John’s neck and Redbeard crawls off his fingertips and onto John. Sherlock leaves his fingers there, just for a moment, soft against John’s neck in something like a caress, before he takes them away and stands up. John wants to tell him to stay, but sleep is already pulling at the corners of his being, pulling him under so that he only just hears the sound of his door closing and Sherlock talking quietly to Mrs. Hudson as he falls into a deep sleep.
“I’ve never broken a magic spell before,” Sherlock says gravely. “I don’t know if it’s permanent.”
“Is it?” Sherlock asks, unable to stop himself.
“Take my waist,” John murmurs. Sherlock has never heard this soft, warm, lush tone of voice before, and he is entranced. His hands move before he can even realize what they’re doing, and suddenly they are resting on John’s waist, and Sherlock’s eyes flicker away from John’s for a moment down to where his hands rest, and he takes in the sight of his large hands on John’s compact waist and he swallows hard, feels his breath quicken, and looks back at John’s face with wide eyes, unsure.
Mummy laughs and pats Sherlock on the cheek. “Come on, love, and don’t you dare let on that you’re bored when you see Great Uncle Alfred,” she warns.
“I don’t know why you’re so bitter about it. What about you, then? Got a girlfriend?”
“That reminds me,” John says. “That quote on the wall, the one about dreams. What was that all about?”
“Shall we go home?” John murmurs. His fingers are twisting into Sherlock’s hair.
“It’s alright,” John says. “That must have been hard, as a kid.”
“So am I,” John says after a moment, though Sherlock is too far away to hear him. “So am I.”
“Billy!” he calls, heading straight to where he sits on the mantle, but there’s no reply. John’s stomach twists and his hands tremble and he feels as if he’s in a tunnel, as if everything is happening in slow motion and yet, paradoxically, as if everything is happening way too fast. He picks up the skull, the bone cool against his hands, and he shakes it hard, knowing how much Billy hates that. “Billy! Billy! Fucking talk to me, goddammit!” he pleads, dread pooling in his stomach, but Billy is silent; he appears to be nothing but a skull, soundless and non-sentient.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says again, his voice strained. “I can’t – I tried not to, John. I really did. I just want you to be happy.” He sounds miserable and anxious. “I -”
Sherlock is left feeling hard and desperate and aching as John pulls away and he reaches out for him, pulling off his jumper, feeling a thrill that he’s allowed to do this. They kiss again as soon as the jumper is out of the way, but Sherlock doesn’t like that John is still wearing his undershirt and so he breaks away to pull it over John’s head. This time when they kiss Sherlock can’t help the breathy moan that escapes him at the feeling of John’s bare skin against his; it’s electrifying.
Sherlock swallows. He wants to look away, but he doesn’t. He shakes his head.
Moriarty raises an eyebrow. “Impressive!” he says. “Nice pet, John. But Sherlock will still disappear!” He says it in that same singsong inflection, and John wants to punch him.
The next morning, a Saturday, dawns bright and cheerful. It’s a beautiful day outside; it’s not too hot, the sun is out, and there’s a light breeze. There’s no threat of rain, such a rare occurrence that John feels the need to capitalize on it. When Sherlock bellows that they’ve run out milk, John’s more than happy to go to the store and pick some up.
“It took you long enough,” Sherlock says.  There’s an edge to his voice, but his eyes are searching John’s form frantically as if he’s worried.  He glances at John’s hand, and his breath catches.  He reaches down and disengages John’s hand from the skeleton as if one second more of being attached would mean destruction, and John lets him, too tired to do anything but watch with a small, fond, sad smile.
“If you go with her, you’ll die!” Greg says.
She’s silent for a moment. “Mor –
Slowly, softly, his hand drifts up from where it lies around John’s waist.  His fingers just barely touch John’s skin; he doesn’t want to wake him, but he can’t resist the temptation to touch.  He never can.  In fact, he covets the feel of John’s skin against his fingers so much that he wants to close his eyes and put this moment in his mind palace, but then he’d miss the way the light peaks just-so against John’s nipple, so he resists.
“Right,” John says. “But how the bloody fuck do I have those cigarettes? It was a dream, right? I never left my bed.”
“Really?” John asks, his voice soft and gruff. “That – that’s good.”
“He’s awake!”
“The alternative was unacceptable,” Sherlock says stiffly. Before John can reply, Sherlock continues, clearly unwilling to visit the topic further. “Even so, it’s very dangerous, visiting the astral plane with your actual body, like you just did. The times you’ve visited before have been with just your mind, and that’s much safer; if you had strayed off the path with your body, you may not have been able to leave. It’s good that you had Redbeard there to help you.”
“Oi, nothing wrong with Squibs,” John says heatedly.
“The same reasons anyone would,” Sherlock says. “Laters!” he calls, his appearance changing from deadly serious to facetious in the blink of an eye, and then, before John can even process the morning or the strange sendoff, Sherlock and Billy are gone, and John is alone.
are uniquely capable of visiting. I believe his captor is holding him there before transferring him elsewhere.”
Arthur laughs. It’s loud and contagious, and John finds himself grinning. “Surprising as it may be, tomorrow is completely free,” Arthur says. “Do you pass through the park on your way home? We could meet here again, right on this bench.”
“Hello, Mary,” he says as they approach. He’s just wondering whether he should give her a hug in greeting when she waves, making him stop before he can go through with the hug.
“She was?” Sherlock asks, setting down his bow and sitting in his armchair. He steeples his fingers under his chin and leans forward.
he suddenly thinks, a new realization spreading over him. His body, previous relaxed, is suddenly full of energy. He
“Augustus!” Daddy says, coming up behind Sherlock, interrupting him and making frustration bubble in Sherlock’s stomach; he wants to see his gift. Daddy rests his hand on Sherlock’s shoulder, and shakes Uncle Augustus’ hand with the other.
“Rest,” John murmurs. “It’s alright. I’ve got you.”
“What was her wish?” John asks, but his voice cracks. He thinks he has a good idea already.
“None of them worked for me,” Sherlock says with a shrug. “They don’t do what I want them to do. I don’t need spells or wands to channel my magic into action; I just move the magic around me in the right pattern and it does what I want.”
“You’re
“Of course I do,” Sherlock says arrogantly. Billy laughs, and Sherlock scowls at him. “It’s Geoffrey.”
Sherlock snorts. “Don’t be dull, John, of course you understand. You just don’t want to think about it.”
“Shh,” John says. “It’s alright, you’re alright. I love you, too, Sherlock, so much.”
“Of a ninety year old?” John asks, disbelief coloring his voice.
“All moved in,” John says awkwardly. Sherlock glances up to see him looking around at the sofa and then the chair Sherlock’s currently in, before settling down into the opposite armchair, adjusting the pillow to suit his needs. “Er, it’s a bit chilly, isn’t it? Do you mind if I…?” He gestures toward the fireplace, and Sherlock waves his hand in nonchalant acquiescence, though he’s actually quite eager to witness and analyze John’s magic.
for the beta!  Part Six will be up next week! :)  Also, feel free to
John gapes after him. “You are such a cock sometimes!” he shouts.
“Oh, hello Doctor Watson!”
“No, Daddy, please!” Sherlock says desperately. “He’s my friend!”
“I told you before, didn’t I?” Sherlock asks. John slowly turns back at the sound of his voice. Sherlock is sitting with his hands in a parody of a prayer in front of his face again, scrutinizing John intensely. “It’s inevitable. There is no such thing as coincidence in this world, John. There is only the inevitable.”
“But now we’re friends!” John says after a minute.
Sherlock glances distractedly up at John from his computer, and he’s struck for a moment by the way the light of the screen reflects off of John’s eyes in the dimness of the sitting room, by the way John looks so warm and familiar and
“I wouldn’t say it’s been bad since this morning,” Sherlock says. “I think it was alright until lunch. You ate with Mary, didn’t you?”
They can hear the suspect just outside, clearly having caught up to them, and Sherlock and John exchange a glance of warning, their bodies fraught with tension. Sherlock shoots John an alarmed glance, though, when he hears a second set of footsteps catch up to the first. He holds up 2 fingers in warning, and John nods, having heard the same thing.
John shakes his head. “I’m not leaving here without you,” John says. His voice is a low growl from between clenched teeth.
Sherlock swallows, lips parted, unsure he can speak. He manages a nod, unable to take his eyes off of John. John smiles, his eyes crinkling, his thumb still sliding over Sherlock’s cheek. He leans down again, and this time Sherlock knows what to expect, but that doesn’t make it any less perfect, any less brilliant. His hands find John’s back again and curl into the back of his shirt, and John kisses him a little bit longer this time, shifts the angle of his lips just so, cradles Sherlock’s head in his hands.
He gets to the top of the stairs feeling impatience building inside him, and when he opens the door to 221B, Sherlock is lounging on the couch again, smoking his pipe, which does nothing to improve John’s mood.
John opens the door to the flat and takes a few steps inside before stopping. He looks at Sherlock with a raised brow as he takes in the state of the flat. There are no stacks of papers, no body parts, no discarded teacups or crumbs or dressing gowns. It’s clean and neat, and Sherlock does his best not to flush under John’s look. He feels unaccountably defensive, suddenly, but he pushes it down and clears his throat.
“I’m not your
“You’ll take care of John, won’t you?” Sherlock murmurs.
“No,” he repeats.
Sherlock scowls in response. “Surely you’ve seen an owl before,” he says.
“Hey, don't take it out on the flat,” John says.
“You – what? Those are
Gently, almost reverently, Sherlock reaches out and takes his hand. He pulls it away from John’s face and sets it down beside him, curling his own long fingers around it.
Sherlock carefully untucks John’s shirt, and then helps him out of it.   John’s not much use; his arms feel like jello and he’s still nauseous. He shivers, cold in just his undershirt, but Sherlock’s hands are warm on his shoulders as he pulls him forward a bit.
John swallows a lump in his throat and tries to ignore how fast he’s breathing and the way the entire foundation of his life seems to be turning itself inside out. He holds Billy for a moment and just stares at him with his shoulders rising and falling in fast, panicked breaths, his mouth half-open, and his mind reeling until finally he swallows and sets Billy down gently, as carefully as his shaking hands allow. The sound of Billy’s jaw clicking against the mantle feels loud and abrasive in the empty flat, and John’s chest twists as he stares at the skull who, for once, does not appear to be staring back.
“I have a bad feeling about it,” John warns.  His heart is beginning to pound, and the girl grabs onto his arm, clutching him tightly.
“Thanks for the wisdom,” John mutters, turning from the teapot and pulling out some bread to make toast. He pulls down a can of beans from the cabinet, too, and begins to make breakfast.
“I can’t tell you, or it will mess up the balance with Mycroft,” Sherlock says.  “Just…look closely.  Observe.”
Sherlock looks like a man fighting for control. John doesn’t understand it. He’s the broken one, isn’t he? But Sherlock’s lip is twisting and there’s something in his face John doesn’t recognize. Sherlock doesn’t even seem to notice the blood coming from his side. It doesn’t seem serious; probably just stitches, but John knows it must be painful.
“Alright,” Sherlock says after a moment. He looks down at his notes again, still uninterested in their contents. John is surprising.
Sherlock nods.  He feels vulnerable and exposed but somehow safe, and he sighs in pleasure when John tenderly brushes a curl off his forehead, sweeps a thumb over his temple, kisses his cheek and the corner of his mouth.
“Then why did you even wish for me to live?” John asks.
Sherlock drinks his tea, and pretends the warmth in his stomach is only from the drink.
“You’re gorgeous,” John says, choked, his eyes traveling over Sherlock’s body, taking in the smooth, pale skin interrupted only by the occasional mole or freckle. John wants to connect all the dots with his tongue, wants to taste every inch, wants to find every spot that makes Sherlock moan and writhe, wants the cock that lies hard against Sherlock’s belly, wants
“Oh, you two get along so well, don’t you?” Mrs. Hudson says fondly, exchanging a conspiratorial glance with Billy, who’s resting atop the kitchen counter.
He manages long tones and slow scales but grows frustrated with the clumsiness of his fingers when he tries to play arpeggios, grows frustrated with the unfocused sound he’s producing, grows frustrated with the little glimmers of the expressive tone he once had until he finally puts the violin down in exhaustion after only forty five minutes.
They look at each other in the light of the Christmas tree, their eyes wide. “You’re my best friend,” John whispers. “Even if I turn back into a nutcracker, I’m glad you could come to my house.”
John regards him suspiciously for a moment, but when he seems genuinely curious and not judgmental, John answers, against his better judgment. “She was, actually. Felt guilty, she said, but I can’t see why. He had an aneurism; there’s nothing she could’ve done. She was actually quite kind to him.”
he’s missing something and coming to the wrong conclusion.
Sherlock is sitting on the dusty floor in an area cleared of clutter, looking perfectly at home with his rolled up sleeves and mussed hair amongst the rows and rows of strange objects. He looks up as John makes his way over, his expression serious and focused.
“Yes, of course,
“Getting right to the point, are you?” John asks, but he doesn't seem particularly bothered. “It
“John?” he asks.  “What –“
It’s quiet for a while, save for the thumping of Sherlock’s heart loud in his ears.  He can’t seem to come down, and John is stroking his hair, running a hand up and down his back, kissing him, petting him, murmuring.
“Alright?” John asks, shifting closer, pressing as much of his skin as he can against Sherlock, brushing a curl away from his temple, still amazed to be this close to him.
John’s not sure whether to be insulted or flattered, and he sighs, watching as Sherlock bends down to carefully pick up the glass bottle. It seems like water is inside, but as the light hits it, it sparkles, iridescent rainbow colors refracting off the liquid. It’s unlike any water John’s ever seen.
“I can hear you, you know,” John says, pouring some water into the coffee maker and turning it on.
a Gryffindor, which Sherlock knows means he probably acts rashly and without thought.
, and then turns to Mary, his eyes flickering over her in an inconclusive attempt at assessment. “Alright, Mary?” he asks, brow furrowed.
John boggles at this.  He doesn’t know what to make of it.  “Right,” he says slowly.  “So, he couldn’t help me.  But, the ribbon…?”
He shoots two more times, a total of three, and they fall in a neat cluster at the center of the target.  He’s the clear winner of the competition, and John grins as he cheers.  He wonders if there’s anything Sherlock can’t do, because it doesn’t seem that way.
John knows the answer to the question with a burning certainty that takes him by surprise. His lip twists, but he holds it firm. He shakes his head, hand still over his eyes.
John laughs. “Shocking,” he says.
Sherlock feels wrong-footed once more; though it’s often hard for him to predict John, he certainly hadn’t predicted this. He’d predicted anger in some form, maybe sarcasm, maybe clenched fists and labored breaths through his nose, not concession.
“John,” she says, a pleading vulnerability in her voice she hadn’t been expecting but can’t be embarrassed about.
“Hey,” John replies, sitting beside him, looking up at the night sky. The stars are obscured in London, but he can see the moon shining bright overhead, full and round. It makes him think of Sherlock, for some reason. He thinks of all the questions he’s been eager to ask Greg since he met him the first time, questions about Sherlock, but also questions about exactly what’s happening and where they are at this very moment. Now that they’re here on the roof, though, he’s not sure where to start.
Angelo nods as he begins to clean some dishes.  “You wouldn’t be able to see this shop if you weren’t,” he says.  “And…you’re a friend of Sherlock’s, aren’t you?”
Desperately, he wonders (
; the guilt of feeling this way when he is finally with John and he should be happy claws at his insides and threatens to tear him apart.
“John, take my hand!” Greg says, but he can’t move from where he’s standing.
“It’s alright,” John says again. “Sherlock, really, it’s alright.”
“Thank you,” John says. He’s still trying to process all that she’s said, and he feels a bit overwhelmed. “That was – that was amazing. What do I owe you?”
“Right,” John says again. “I – I guess I’ll go back to Mary, then.”
John smiles. “I’ll make it on my way,” he promises.
When the two men come into the alley, John and Sherlock are ready.   The fight breaks out quickly, and John is fighting with a fervor he hasn’t felt in ages. His body is responding faster than ever, and it’s like the lethargy that’s plagued him for months now has evaporated. He feels alive, his blood is pumping through his veins, and he notices that Sherlock has already taken out the suspect’s accomplice when the suspect, currently gripping John’s left forearm, pulls out a knife.
“John,” he murmurs.  “John, you – that was –”
“Sherlock, there’s nothing to-”
“I will, of course, pay him adequately.  It would be much easier if you would take the job yourself-”
Sherlock takes a sip of wine and looks at her carefully. “I’m a bit of a consultant,” he says.
“Me either,” John says.
“Of course he can’t,” Sherlock says. “He’s a skull.”
“You can’t,” Sherlock says, shaking his head. “John, you have to get out of here.”
“Er, can I help you?” he asks.
When he’s finally finished his food, he stands, taking the takeout box Angelo presses into his hands.  “Thanks for dinner – it was delicious,” he says.  Angelo’s son stands up and scurries behind the counter to stand next to his father, and the pair of them beam at him.
Dad cleans him off and notices the way Sherlock flinches away from his gentle
do, and he sighs, looking at John again. His heart is pounding, but John is still staring at him, unwaveringly loyal even after having stomped out of the flat just minutes ago.
“You’ll have to get the door,” Sherlock says, the urn tucked under one arm and the bottle of whatever-it-is held in the other.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “If I intended to poison you, do you think I’d be making the poison where you could walk in and see?”
“That was gorgeous,” John says. His voice is hushed.
are in this flat, John, he must sustain it; if you were to leave, I believe the flat would cease to exist because he is so far from this world and in such a weakened state that it’s too taxing on him.”
“Your clothes will be fine,” Sherlock says dismissively. “This isn’t regular water. It dries quite quickly and leaves very little evidence of its presence. But we have two things to accomplish here. I believe one is accomplished already.”
know him,” John says, relief flooding him.
Sherlock narrows his eyes. “I wasn’t wondering,” he says.
“Doing
“Yes,” John said. “As soon as I was done with school.”
“Lovely, just take a seat then,” she says, gesturing to a couch opposite her. She stands up and sets the magazine aside, then grabs a clipboard, handing it to John. “Just fill this out then, won’t you?”
“Kent,” Sherlock says.
“I knew it would happen, too,” John admits.
“You don’t need to drink it all at once, Iris,” Sherlock tells her. He refuses to talk to babies in a singsong voice on principle, but he knows that his tone of voice is much more patient than usual when he talks to her. “You’re making yourself choke. You should slow down.”
“You think I don’t have a wish?” Mary asks, and her voice is desperate, her knuckles white around her cup, and a strange laugh comes from her mouth, one that speaks of no good humor, but instead despair.
“We’ll figure it out,” John says again. “Alright?”
“Three PM,” Sherlock says. “You’ve been sleeping for nearly a day.”
His heart is pounding in his ears and he’s staring, gaping at the blank space in front of him. Redbeard makes a miserable howling sound beside him, and John’s stomach turns. He can still feel Sherlock’s breath against his palm, can still feel a soft curl brushing his finger. He’s horrified, his heart pounding, his eyes wide.
“John!” Sherlock says. “You should be resting, you – are you alright? “ Sherlock puts his hands frantically on John’s arms, and carefully, he leads him towards the couch. John feels as if he’s entered some strange alternate dimension, and doesn’t discount the possibility. He’s unsure if this is really happening, unsure if he can trust what he sees.
He goes to the living room and sits in the armchair he’d sat in the day before, adjusting the Union Jack pillow to suit him before taking the tea from Mrs. Hudson.
“Anyway, you can’t have visitors here,” Sherlock says.
As he takes his seat, he feels a burn behind his eyes and he squeezes them closed. His heart is pounding and there’s something deep in his stomach clenching and twisting and writhing. His body is still, strapped into the airplane seat, but his insides are squirming to move, to go, to find John again.
“John,” Sherlock says, his voice breathy. “Oh god–”
“What do you usually do when you go to Diagon Alley or hospital or places like that?” John asks once they’re upstairs. “Is it always that bad?”
It seems so long ago now, and more vague thoughts of Sherlock pass through his mind; he thinks of Sherlock’s skin in the moonlight, Sherlock’s eyes crinkling with laughter, Sherlock’s hand wrapped around his. He feels something twisting in his chest and he thinks of Sherlock’s hand against the side of his face, and he stops, takes a deep breath and closes his eyes for a moment, overwhelmed by how strong his feelings are, letting them wash over him even though it’s terrifying and painful. When he opens his eyes, there’s a door in front of him, looming tall and foreboding in the darkness.
Startled, John pulls out Billy, holding him in front of Molly.
could feel like this.”
“Sorry,” John says awkwardly, fighting back an amused smile. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
Sherlock huffs out a laugh that is lacking in warmth. “No. They weren’t excited that their youngest son was the only one in the entire family line that couldn’t get a wand and didn’t get a Hogwarts letter.”
“Ticklish?” Sherlock asks, raising his eyes to John’s in amusement, his fingers just shy of the sensitive skin of John’s neck.
Sherlock pulls away, breathless, and stands. John eagerly follows, reaching up to kiss him again even though he has to push up on his toes to reach him properly. Sherlock ducks his head and their kiss deepens, and John can’t help but groan, pressing his hips against Sherlock’s, curling his fingers into Sherlock’s hair. He takes a step backwards, urging Sherlock with him, doing his best not to break the kiss, and Sherlock follows. Clumsily, they make their way to the hallway, kissing as they go, breaking apart in surprise when John’s back thuds into the wall.   John giggles, pulling Sherlock’s head down for a kiss. He leans against the wall for a moment and savors the feeling of Sherlock’s body against his. He moans when he feels Sherlock’s hardness pressing against his hip, and he can’t help but twist his hips, pressing himself against Sherlock. Sherlock gasps, a low, breathy sound.
“Yes, well, you’ve said as much,” Sherlock replies, eyes on the table, long fingers adjusting the cuff on his other wrist even though it needs no adjusting. There’s an unfamiliar flutter in his stomach, a warmth that he’s been feeling more and more since John moved in, that he doesn’t know what to do with.
“And look at you, so grown up. Nine years old!”   She tugs on his jacket and keeps her hands there for a moment, and Sherlock dutifully pretends to hate it when she pats his lapels and smooths down his jacket. “Such a handsome boy you are, even if you
John grins, and Sherlock feels unexpectedly warm. “Well?” John asks. “What’d you think, then?”
John snorts. “Yeah, well, if I hadn’t met Sherlock, I probably would have, but I’ve met enough of his…
“What?  But I want to-”
“I never believed you could ever feel the way I felt,” John continues. Sherlock feels as if the words are coming to him from a dream, and he opens his eyes to reassure himself this is real.
you, Sherlock. If I can’t give up on my life, you can’t either.
“Sherlock,” he says placatingly, eyes widening when he sees that Sherlock is so upset. “I didn’t mean to – I’m sure Uncle Augustus can fix it –”
“Have you eaten?” John asks. “Fancy a takeaway?”
“J-John,” he manages.  His voice is unsteady.  His cock is throbbing. His heart is beating a fast staccato rhythm in his ears.  His entire body is thrumming with want, with desire, with
you leave this building. Sherlock’s closet, however, is vastly different; when you use it to travel, it creates a link from this building to wherever you go. The closet creates a sort of cross-dimensional pathway using Sherlock’s magic and allows you to pass through. As a result, when you arrive somewhere via this closet, you are still connected to this building as long as the door you pass through doesn’t disappear.”
Sherlock leans forward and looks at the man’s pinky critically. “Hmm,” he says before leaning back, taking another sip of tea. “Do you have any bad habits?”
Sherlock smiles, unable to look away from John. His heart is bursting; there is something bubbling up in his chest he never dreamed he would be able to feel, and he is struck by how handsome John is, by absurd thoughts like soul mates and fate and destiny. His smile grows and carefully, he reaches out and picks up the sash, while John takes the crown. He examines it, holding the old fabric in his hand, his heart pounding, blood rushing through his veins, imagining John’s thumb stroking over the very same fabric, and then he smiles wetly at John, unashamed of the tears that are brimming in his eyes, especially when John looks similarly overcome. John takes the belt from his hands and sets it on the coffee table, and carefully places the little crown on top.
John snorts. “That could be never, knowing him.”
John furrows his brow. “What’s that supposed to mean? I’m so bloody sick of not knowing anything.”
“If anyone can do it, it’s probably you,” Zosima admits. She looks up at him and offers him a smile, though it’s weak. “Are you ready, then?” she asks.
Sherlock shrugs. “She tried to, and she arguably succeeded in her own way, but the results weren’t what we expected them to be.”
the point? Clearly you have something you wish to discuss.”
“Not here,” John replies.
“He doesn’t want to talk about that yet,” Sherlock tells Billy. He presses his knee closer to John’s and his thumb starts moving in soothing circles on John’s back. John sighs, holding his warm tea in front of his mouth for a moment, breathing in the scent and feeling Sherlock’s eyes on him. He’s still unsure if this is real, but he’s pleased by the moment just the same, anchored by Sherlock’s comforting touch.
Sherlock snorts. “Quite,” he agrees.
Sherlock swallows, unsure. “Did I say something wrong?” he asks.
John reaches up and holds out his hand. The little bird lands on his finger, just like the last one had. “They’re lovely,” John says, eyes flickering between the bird and Sherlock.
He could take a taxi, he knows, but he doesn’t feel like it. Somehow, the rain feels fitting, and he pushes through, almost back to the flat. When he finally gets there, he shakes his umbrella off and heads in. The only part of his body that isn’t soaked is his hair, which has been sheltered enough by his umbrella to avoid the sideways rain coming down in sheets.
They are silent for a moment, sipping their tea.
“Cheers,” Mary says, holding out her glass. John clinks his against hers, and then Sherlock’s, but Sherlock makes no move to touch his glass to Mary’s. She doesn’t seem concerned.
He knows that some of these spirits are very negative, evil even, but it’s not his place to judge them; it’s his place to communicate with them, he realizes. And he can understand, when he thinks about it, why they’d become so negative, having been feared and isolated for so long. He can relate to them, he thinks, and his heart twists in a pang of sympathy. He thinks of Sherlock again, and he holds onto all the fears he has, tangles his fingers into Redbeard’s fur, and forces himself to walk through the forest, though the air feels heavy and his nausea only keeps growing.
Today, though, he’s been quite lucky on his walk home from work.  There haven’t been any spirits so far, and so he’s feeling unaccountably cheery – that is, until a strange man suddenly steps in front of him, holding his hand in front of John in a ‘stop’ gesture.
“John, perfect timing,” Sherlock says, without turning away from the pillow to look at John. “I’ve run out of arrows.”
“Stay. Please,” he says, eyes locked into Sherlock’s.
as possible, before he ruined everything that ever existed between them, before John’s world came crashing down around him. He moves some of his things from the living room to his bedroom, puts some of his other things in the bookcase or on a shelf, until it looks like there is more space for John in the room.
“Mummy!” Sherlock complains, and she laughs and lets the familiar weight of her arm curl around his shoulders, urging him out of the kitchen.
“What was that all about?” John asks in anger when he reaches Mycroft at the end of the walkway.
“I’m sorry,” Sherlock says.
John doesn’t need to be told twice, and he steps closer to Sherlock, so close that their arms brush as they walk quickly through the forest. They walk for a few minutes in relative silence, the only sounds those of their feet crunching through the underbrush and the occasional distant rustle in the trees that John doesn’t want to think about, until finally John can see a clearing.
“Cheers, Mrs. H,” Billy says loudly from inside the bag.
“Right,” John says. “You’re sure.” He holds his wrist up to look at the pipe fox, and Redbeard lifts his head to look up at John. Redbeard squeaks, then settles back down on John’s wrist, pressing another little peck of a kiss into the pale skin on the underside of John’s wrist.
“Great Uncle Alfred,” Sherlock hisses meaningfully.
“What does it mean, the quote?”
John strokes the side of his face and kisses him again, gentler this time. “Sorry,” he murmurs after a moment. “I got a little – is this too much?”
“It’s alright, Sherlock,” John says. “Just let go.”
“It is,” John agrees.
“Yes, well…”
“It really, really is,” John says. He holds his hand out, and Sherlock grudgingly puts the bandana in his palm but not without an exaggerated scoff.
John swivels his head to glare at him. “I think I’ve a right to be,” he says. “I’m not an idiot, and I don’t appreciate being treated like one.”
She looks down again and takes a deep breath. “One time, when I was young, I visited my grandmother. I made her a cup of tea. She choked on it and died. How does someone die choking on tea?” She pauses, still twisting her bracelet and not looking at John. “A few weeks later, I had a new babysitter. She came over to watch me while my parents were out. She died in a car accident on her way home; drove off the road. A few days later, my neighbors got a new dog. I pet him, and he got hit by a car not five minutes later. One time I made a new friend on my street. She was my age, too, and we took a walk together by a river. We held hands, like little girls do, and then as soon as we let go, she fell into the river and drowned. There wasn’t even anything nearby for her to trip on, and the river was hardly deep.”
them.”
Sherlock’s cheeks flush after John’s praise and his heart speeds up again, but he doesn’t reply; he doesn’t think he can. Instead, he stares at John, lets himself enjoy the feeling of John’s fingers against his face, lets his eyes drift half-closed. “I didn’t even touch you,” he says after a moment. He frowns and opens his eyes a bit more.
John shakes his head, and Sherlock’s eyes light up. “The first time I saw you in my vision, you couldn’t see your importance; spirits were attracted to you, but you didn’t care. You let them overtake you. You faded into unimportance and died.”
“Yes,” John insists. He lets go of Sherlock’s hand and it falls limply to the couch beside him, but John reaches out to cup Sherlock’s face instead. Sherlock’s heart is pounding; surely this isn’t happening, and yet he can feel the pads of John’s fingers against his skin, the rough edge of his thumb against his cheek. And then John is leaning forward, hesitantly, his eyes full of concern and fear, pupils flickering between Sherlock’s eyes and his lips.
John feels a burning behind his eyes. He stubbornly takes a deep breath, willing it to recede. “But I – I don’t want - ”
John nods, intrigued.
Sherlock doesn’t say anything for a moment, eyes still trained on the liquid until he glances at John in confusion. “Do you realize you didn’t finish your sentence?”
“Everyone knows who you are,” she says simply.  “Everyone in the spirit world.”
“Pass me the urn and the water, one at a time,” Sherlock says, leaning down to look at John through the open window.
John huffs, unsure, looking back and forth between the two of them once more, but gives it up as a lost cause.
“You’re brilliant, though, even if your magic’s different than most people’s. Weren’t your parents a bit excited about that?”
, didn’t you?”
The feeling of Sherlock beneath him is divine, unlike anything he could ever imagine. Sherlock moans and John thrusts against him, hot desire rolling over him in waves. He trails kisses along Sherlock’s jaw, eager to taste him, and stops at his ear, nipping the lobe. He twists his hips forward helplessly when Sherlock moans and tilts his head to give John access to his neck.
?” Sherlock calls back. “I’m
“What – no!  I’ll pay properly,” John says, swallowing quickly to protest.
“Finished already?” Billy asks from his spot on the table.
When John comes home from work, Sherlock is sitting behind his microscope in the kitchen, working on an experiment he’d started before John came back. Though he doesn’t show it outwardly, his heart leaps when he hears the door open and his pulse is pounding in his ears for reasons he doesn’t understand as he listens to John hang up his coat, and he forces himself to keep his eyes trained on the slide.
“He won it in a bet,” Sherlock says sourly. “Also, he said I couldn’t take care of it properly. He was just jealous,” he adds with a scowl.
“Warm,” Sherlock says. He closes his eyes, lets the feeling wash over him. It’s heady, sublime, especially with John sitting next to him in this room, with the wine buzzing through him. “Feels good,” he adds. “It’s like a blanket.”
And then he sits up in a panic, his fingers tightening around Redbeard’s tiny body. He holds the little pipefox out in front of his face, blinking at him as Redbeard just chirps curiously, his tail sliding back and forth over John’s wrist. John gulps in air and looks around him, his heart pounding in his ears when he realizes that he’s in Sherlock’s bedroom.
She shakes her head. “It’s only a few minutes, but it feels different in there,” she tells him. “It’s…it’s horrible, really.” She shivers, and John feels his worry grow stronger again.
“Right, of course there is,” John mutters.  “Anyway, I was meeting Mary for lunch today.”
“No?” Moriarty asks. He laughs. “When you came to this world, your connection to 221B Baker Street dissolved, and we both know that was the only thing keeping Sherlock alive. Sorry, Johnny, he’s gone.”
Hesitantly, Sherlock picks up his glass, the clink of it against John’s loud in the quiet of their table. He takes a sip, and the wine is sweet on his tongue, gentle and smooth. “That’s good,” he tells John.
“John,” Sherlock manages.  His voice is thick and shaky.  “
Sherlock shakes his head, his eyes wild. “No, no, it’s – I don’t –
trouble getting through such a small space with his absurdly long limbs, but he’s like a graceful swan, much to John’s chagrin. He’s already eyeing the window with narrowed eyes, thinking about the logistics of getting himself through the small space without jostling his shoulder.
to go back to you –”
The man blinks, surprised. “Sorry?”
in a way he’s unaccustomed to feeling. It’s almost unsettling, though not in a bad way, and he doesn’t know how to respond, so he simply says, “No, they’re not.”
She shakes her head. “Don’t worry about it.”
“Once more,” Sherlock says, and John does so.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “He’s not my friend. He’s my colleague, at best. I don’t have room in my mind for his name.”
, somewhere deep, deep inside of him. He swallows and then clears his throat. “Every day you meant more to me,” he says, his voice choked. “And you – you
“He is,” Sherlock hisses.  He seems angry, and John feels a bit of pride for a moment that Sherlock is defending him.  “But he relies far too much on emotions,” he adds, and any pride John had felt a moment before deflates and turns into annoyance.
“Sherlock, these flowers are beautiful,” John says again. “This whole room is… it’s gorgeous. Is that a waterfall?”
John just stares for a moment. He opens his mouth to speak, then closes it, unsure how to proceed. “Right, hello,” he finally says. “Listen, I haven’t meant to come in here, so I’ll just go,” he adds, though his feet aren’t moving and something about this flat and this man are making it hard to think of being anywhere else.
Just as he’s taking a step over the threshold, Sherlock speaks. “John Hamish Watson,” he says, voice low and silky.
John blinks and looks down at his clothes. He realizes with a start that they are, in fact, dry. He frowns as he takes Sherlock’s hand, standing up and then brushing off his clothes. “How are they dry so quickly? Even my shoes and socks are dry!”
Sherlock says nothing, but he picks up his bow and sends an arrow straight into the center of the pillow on their wall.
“Alright?” John asks, when Sherlock doesn’t even move to take his menu. He sounds hesitant, maybe a little embarrassed.
Memories slide into his mind, images of her kneeling down in front of him and sweeping his short hair off his forehead, pressing a kiss there, images of her with her hand on her hip as she stirs a saucepot on the stove and grins at him, images of her reading him a picture book. Something swells deep in his heart and he takes a step forward, his eyes wide.
“No, of course not,” Sherlock says. “Usually, it’s problems dealing with the occult.”
John looks over and gives a small, amused smile. “Quite,” he says. “Ta.”
“Oh, if the bloody skull is coming, at least put him in the bag,” John says, resigned. “You can’t just carry a skull around London.”
Sherlock nods, not sure he can speak. John comes over and stands in front of him again, and he smiles up at him, a genuine, wide smile, while one of Sherlock’s birds sits on his shoulder, nuzzling up against his jaw. Sherlock’s heart pounds just watching, and he finds himself blinking fast, trying to take this all in, trying to understand what he’s feeling.
Sherlock swallows. He doesn’t know if he’s alright, he doesn’t think he is, but he nods, and John releases him, then heads to the sitting room. Sherlock follows behind, unsure.
“Jesus you’re fucking gorgeous,” John says.  “Fuck, fuck, fuck –“
the one who has Sherlock?” she asks.
“It’s perfectly alright, John,” she says, her expression unreadable. “It’s all true. Does that bother you?”
John stops him by shifting his hand, pressing his thumb over Sherlock’s lips. They’re soft and moist under his skin, and his heart pounds more. Sherlock opens his eyes and looks at him. There is something wild and scared in Sherlock’s eyes, but they’re flickering rapidly over John’s face, looking for some kind of clue.
John doesn’t turn, but he stops and listens.
“Yes, really,” Sherlock says.  “And I’m soaked, if you couldn’t tell,” he adds.  He sounds angry, and John sighs, pushing himself into a sitting position.
“Oh, bugger,” John says, crumpling the bag he’d brought his sandwich in and standing as well. “Back to work, I guess.”
Sherlock shakes his head.  “You wouldn’t have concentrated without proper incentive to learn.”
“You’ll have to tell me all about it later!” Uncle Augustus says, and unlike the other members of his extended family, he’s not being sarcastic. Sherlock beams at him, and he ruffles his hair again and stands. “But first, your present.”
Sherlock smiles. It seems more genuine than the one he gave in the beginning, but there is something predatory about it. “Yes, I suppose I could have,” he says. “And you, Miss Morstan. Mid-thirties, single, lived alone since uni, a certain…
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Honestly, John, he’s a
in the face of such mind-bending clarity.
When they climb out of the water, their clothes sticking awkwardly to their bodies, the air is pleasantly warm. John tugs his shirt away from his chest, giving it a squeeze to try and get some water out.
John straddles Sherlock’s hips. He carefully cleans off Sherlock’s stomach, then runs his fingers up and down Sherlock’s sides and just looks at him. Sherlock shivers again, his flesh twitching against the feather-light touch of John’s fingers, and John smiles, then leans down to press a kiss against his chest, right below his scar. John rests his cheek there for a moment and wedges his forearms under Sherlock’s shoulder blades, holding him close though the position has to be uncomfortable, and Sherlock lets his hands rest on John’s back. They stay that way for a moment before John sits up and smiles at him once more. Sherlock drapes his hands over John’s thighs and John squeezes them, and then gets off the bed, going back to the loo.
He leaves Redbeard at home, eager to have a day to just himself, but as he’s locking the door to 221B behind him, he can’t help but frown when he looks beside him.
John trudges down the stairs in his socked feet one morning, covering a yawn with his hand. He hears Sherlock moving around in the kitchen and he wearily scrubs a hand over his face. He doesn’t have the energy to fight Sherlock and his experiments for kitchen space, but he knows it’s inevitable.
“You don’t sound very confident,” Sherlock prods.
John ignores the skull and stares at Sherlock. “Er – right. Well, can’t really help that, can I? I was born with it and all that. Shall I make tea?” he asks, heading towards the kitchen and ignoring the sting of Sherlock’s comments.
“Shall we add it to your wish, then?”
Sherlock closes his eyes and holds the paper directly in front of him. Then, he begins to murmur something John can’t understand. He doesn’t think it’s English, but he can’t be sure. Sherlock lets go of the paper, but it doesn’t move, and stays floating in midair. Sherlock’s hands make a complicated, vaguely circular movement around it, and then suddenly, he stretches his arms out straight in front of him, flicks his wrists quickly until his hands make a ‘stop,’ gesture, and the paper flings itself forward to slam into John’s forehead.
“You’re not Mummy or Daddy,” Sherlock says petulantly, his eyes trained on the nutcracker’s sparkling ones. “I don’t have to listen to you.”
John spares him an annoyed glance for his impatience. “Clear, not rainy.”
to, but he knows this is off topic, this is something John Doesn’t Talk About, so he hasn’t let himself bring it up, but he’s dying to fix it.
And with a warm breeze flowing through his mind palace, sunlight flooding the hallways and the rooms for the very first time, the foundation strong and secure, Sherlock rests.
“Still, it would’ve been nice to hear more about Mary,” John muses, looking up at the sky as he walks.
John sits up, a radiant smile on his face, but then immediately narrows in on Sherlock. “Oh Jesus,” he says.
look terrible, don’t you?”
Sherlock’s head swivels and his heart pounds and his palms sweat and the name rises unbidden to his tongue.   “
“Sorry, John, but it’s really not my place to explain it any more than that,” Greg says. He looks like he genuinely means his regret, and John nods wearily.
He’s not scared, not really.  He feels a strange sort of disconnect he can’t explain.  He frowns and begins to walk forward, looking around and hoping to see something besides grey, but it doesn’t happen.
“John, you really-”
John can’t help but smile.  “Right,” he says.  “Okay.  I’m just gonna have a shower, then.”
Sherlock’s eyes subtly scan over John’s face but he sees no sign of a lie. He smiles, and he thinks it’s alright that John sees it, but he turns away before he replies. “Me too,” he says, though it seems inadequate.
Mycroft looks at him for a moment, then turns to Sherlock.  “I thought he was intelligent, Sherlock.”
He glances back down, but relaxes when he sees that Iris is still sleeping. “You’re back,” Sherlock says. He stands, heading towards the kitchen, Iris still in his arms. “She’s been fed, and she’ll need changing when she wakes up, but she’s fine for now. Tea, John? I’ll make it; you just got home.”
have a wand,” Sherlock points out.
“Remember when you taught me to dance?” John asks. His voice is hesitant, soft.
“Hmm?  That’s all you have to say?” John asks, annoyed.
“She’s not good for you.”
“Alright?” John asks him skeptically.
Sherlock’s father takes it in his hand and looks closely at the pocket. “It’s just a piece of wood, Sherlock, not the belt to your dressing gown.”
“Oh fuck,” John says. “You’re amazing, Sherlock, you’re fantastic, come for me, love, come on,” and he pulls, harder than he has yet, and then Sherlock is coming, hard and fast, all over his t-shirt, the pleasure making his limbs curl, making him tighten his grip on John’s leg, making his whole body go taut and tense, and John’s fingers never leave his hair, never stop soothing over his scalp. When Sherlock finally finishes, his body relaxing against John’s leg, he is panting as if he’s run a mile and it suddenly occurs to him what just happened and he feels a strange sensation flood his awareness, as if he’s come back into his body from somewhere far away, and he feels anxiety he doesn’t understand wash over him. He hardly realizes he’s begun to panic until John is sliding down, his knees creaking, his body warm and perfect and everything Sherlock needs, and then John takes him in his arms, pulls him flush against him heedless of the mess on his shirt, one hand still in his hair, the other going up and down his back.
John rubs a hand over his face.  He’s too tired, physically and emotionally, to deal with this.
John kisses him again, soft and sweet, and Sherlock feels desperation unfurl deep inside of him. He makes a
do it, and the longing he’s felt for so long feels as if it’s exploding inside of him and he can’t stop holding onto John, can’t help the way his breath quickens.
“Shut up, Mycroft. We have eternity to
“Yes, thank you, you’ve overstayed your welcome as usual,” Sherlock snipes, and John can’t help the way the corner of his mouth twitches even though he’s still struggling to breathe and understand what’s going on.
Sherlock grimaces and knocks the whole cup back in one go, then feels his shoulders relax and his head clear.
“I don’t know what other people have said to you about it,” John says carefully. “It seems like… I’m not brilliant like you, mind, but I’m not an idiot, either, and it seems like maybe people have… not been keen on your type of magic, but it’s really… it’s brilliant.
“Oh,” John says. It’s awkward, suddenly, and Sherlock doesn’t like it. He takes his plate, mostly finished, and goes to the kitchen.
“Not to mention, we can just add your rent to your work. It’s not a problem,” Sherlock says with a flippant wave of his hand.
“See you later, Billy,” John calls back absently.
John swallows shakily but doesn’t move away after the kiss. “Are you – is this –”
“You love to dance,” John says. “You told me so. And you didn’t – you didn’t get to, and you – just. I’m –”
“You sure? You haven’t said anything in a while,” John says, and his eyes are crinkled up in a smile.
“Is that why you were home schooled with tutors, then? Hogwarts would have been too easy for you?” John asks. “I don’t understand why people say you’re a Squib.”
The fox blushes, and a little smile creeps over his face. He looks just as John had remembered him: shy and unassuming. It’s difficult to reconcile with the strong presence he just was, in command of hundreds of spirits. “You-you’re welcome,” he stutters out. “Please come over for dinner again,” he adds, his words a fast, nervous rush.
Sherlock’s breathing is shallow, and he feels as if he’s outside his own body. “Yes,” he breathes, and it’s scarier, somehow, than it had been to jump off the roof of St. Bart’s.
John cups his face again, though, soothes his cheek with his thumb. “Come sit down,” John says again. He takes hold of Sherlock’s hand again and leads him to the couch, sits down and tugs on Sherlock’s hand until he, too, is sitting.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Fine, just hand it over,” he says.
, an entire human head.”
“Come again!” they say, waving, and then suddenly, without warning, John is standing alone in the middle of an empty intersection, surrounded by nothing but the dark night and a few flickering streetlights, no sign of the strange food cart anywhere around him.
“I’m going to start,” he murmurs to John. “Try not to move. I don’t know if it will hurt.”
Uncle Augustus holds the nutcracker out to Sherlock, who takes it eagerly, and then Uncle Augustus reaches into his pocket, pulling out his white handkerchief.
“Mycroft, apologize to Sherlock,” Mummy says as soon as Uncle Augustus is gone.
The wine is sweet, but complex and earthy. It’s a beautiful taste, one John’s never experienced. “This is good,” he says, looking at the glass curiously.
Sherlock seems like he’s going to say something, but he stops himself, looking at John with a soft expression John’s unaccustomed to seeing. “You truly are exceptional, John,” he tells him instead.
“I don’t know. It’s just a coincidence, I guess.”
“Alright,” John says.
,” he says, picking up his arm to look at John, his voice rough with sleep.
Sherlock moves his hand fast up and down John’s cock. He loves the way it fits in his hand, loves the way it feels to have John writhing against him, panting against his neck, tugging at his hair, clutching his back, moaning obscenely. He desperately wants John to come, wants to feel John’s come all over his hand, wants to feel John collapse against him in bliss, wants to hear the sounds he makes – and then John's hip jerk in time with Sherlock’s hand and he groans and then his body goes taut and he comes, coating Sherlock’s hand, some of it spurting up to his chest. Sherlock pumps him through it then pulls his hand away and without thinking, he brings it up to his mouth and licks, eager to know how John tastes. John moans when he does this and pulls him into a frantic, hot kiss.  Sherlock melts into the kiss, clutches at John with his sticky hand, and marvels at how much his entire world has changed in the short time since he and John have gotten together.
“Not while you’re a bit pissed,” John says.
“You had a very difficult childhood,” she says. “You’ve faced many hardships since you were young. You lived on your own for a long time, right?”
His heart begins to beat faster when he sees that a door has appeared in front of him.  It’s a plain, white door, and he can’t help but stand still and stare, relief flooding him even though he’s unsure of what lies beyond the door.
Sherlock blinks. He feels cold. “Why do I –
John shakes his head. “It’s okay,” he says. “It’s all attached when I’m a human, see?” He rotates his arm, which is indeed attached, but he winces a little.
“What – no!  No, I don’t want tea, I want you to tell me how to find that woman!”
“Aunt Isabella is here,” Sherlock says as they walk. “She’s pregnant, but she hasn’t told anyone yet.”
“You don’t use owls very often,” Sherlock points out shrewdly. “In fact, I’ve never seen you use owl post.”
John opens his eyes hesitantly and holds still, watching with a still-pounding heart as the spirits shift away from them to make way for something to get through the crowd.   It’s walking towards them, and whatever it is, it has made the spirits calm down. Sherlock shifts until he’s next to John, standing very, very close, their hands still clasped, for which John is grateful because he still feels in no way safe.
“Come on, then, John, now you,” he says.
“Yeah, I’m the nutcracker,” the boy says. “Thanks, by the way – that thing you did, with your shoe, it was really great!”
John purses his lips and looks towards the sky for a moment, trying to keep his anger in check.  “Right,” he says.  “So you’ve said.  But I don’t care.”
Sherlock rolls his eyes.  “He governs the rain,” he says.  “And he’s having a bit of a temper tantrum about a hydrangea right now.”
“He doesn't like Mary. Neither does Mycroft,” John admits. He feels guilty saying this out loud, voicing the doubts that swirl in his mind.
that closes the first movement of the Bruch. Sherlock remembers the way it felt to play earlier, to let the music soar out of his heart and into the air around him, and bravely, he lets his fingers curl around John’s in return. He nods, unsure he’s able to talk, his entire being focused on the feel of John’s skin against his own, as soothing as it is terrifying.
Mycroft rolls his eyes. “Yes, of course,” he says. “More important than studying for geography tests.”
John doesn’t say anything, and Sherlock is standing, wide-eyed and unsure behind his violin. He swallows. “Then why?”
“What?” John asks, confused. He’s having trouble keeping up with Sherlock’s line of conversation, but that’s nothing new, but he feels torn apart and raw, too, and uncomfortable under Sherlock’s close watch.
ago. I need
John blinks. “I still don’t really understand entirely,” he says, ignoring the way Sherlock rolls his eyes. “But we – am I – not mortal, then?”
Sherlock merely shrugs.
“Oh, thank God,” Billy says from the mantle.  He sounds distressed.
“That’s it,” John says. His eyes flicker to Sherlock’s lips, and Sherlock feels himself shuffling forward just the tiniest bit, feels his heart beating fast, feels a whirlwind of thoughts swirl through his brain, threatening to take over, feels all of the nerves in his body coming to attention, feels alarm bells blaring in his mind palace that something is about to happen, feels tension creep down his spine – and then John’s thumb soothes over his cheekbone, John tilts his head to the side and lets his lips part, lets his eyes flicker between Sherlock’s lips and Sherlock’s eyes and something deep inside Sherlock knows what he’s supposed to do and he finds his own eyes mirroring John’s, finds his own eyes traveling between John’s eyes and John’s lips, feels John’s hand, steady and capable, on his waist, and he feels himself lower his head, feels himself tilt his head to the side, feels his hands shift on John’s waist as John shifts up onto his toes.
“Okay,” John says. His voice is strong and self-assured, and Sherlock is reminded yet again of exactly the kind of Auror John must have been.
John gives a rueful laugh, his hunched shoulders shaking a bit. “Now it’s different,” he says. “I share a flat with a bloody lunatic, but I wouldn’t trade him for the world.”
“I brought you tea,” he says.
“But you certainly help with mine,” Arthur says. He grins. “Anyway, you’ve been kind enough to let an old man take up a lot of your day already; I’m sure you have a lot to do.”
“It’s hard to imagine him as a kid,” John admits. “But if you grew up with the two of them, do you do magic, too, then?” He tilts his head to the side, curious about the man sitting beside him.
“Why do they talk about me? I’m nobody.”
“Who are you?” John asks, his voice low and demanding, focusing all of his fear and worry and determination on this man.
And they do, walking together in whichever direction the traffic lights favor. Iris’ cries soften after a few minutes until eventually they disappear altogether and she falls into an exhausted sleep. Tension seeps from John’s shoulders, and Sherlock feels unaccountably relieved.
He hasn’t meant to say so much, really he hasn’t, but he can’t take it back now, and he finds himself unable to look away from Sherlock, his words hanging heavy in the air between them.  Sherlock’s eyes had widened fractionally at John’s words, but they’re back to normal now.  Sherlock looks away for a moment, and John swallows, his eyes trained on Sherlock even though Sherlock’s not looking back at him.  Sherlock looks down at the ground, avoiding John’s gaze, and speaks.
“Figures you were listening,” he says. His smile turns crooked and a bit self-deprecating. “Maybe I
for him, who has been suffering for him, who has been patiently enduring his unrequited love, thinking it was some kind of punishment, thinking it was something he’d never get back.
John shrugs, eyes somewhere to the side of Sherlock rather than on him. He hesitates. “You didn’t dance, did you? At my wedding.”
“Oh, shove it!”
Before he can reply, she’s gone into 221A, the door closed loudly behind her, and John is left alone, bemused, on the dark basement stairs.
“But you
He stops in the middle of the mess and winds his hands into his hair and tugs, frustrated. His antidote isn’t
“Go,” he repeats.  “I won’t harm him, but you will if you don’t leave.”
. He realizes John asked him a question, though, and so his eyes flicker towards the screen and back to John. “Hmm?”
He presses his face into John’s neck, breathes deeply, lets John’s words settle over his skin. John holds him close, and Sherlock slowly feels like he’s coming back to himself, feels as if he’s waking from a deep sleep. “John,” he says, forcing his lips to form the word, forcing himself to take command of his body. His voice is rough and shaky and needy, and John presses a kiss to his temple, lets his hand run soothingly up and down his spine. Sherlock sighs, feels vulnerable and safe and somehow strong. “That was – I –” He swallows, curls his fingers into the back of John’s shirt, unsure of what he wants to say.
“Help me up?” John asks, so Sherlock does, reaching down to help him up, steadying him when he stands, noticing how warm and solid John is underneath his hands. He turns and they go up the stairs together, all the way up to their own flat.
John frowns for a moment, feeling somehow like his next words are important, and he considers them carefully. When he thinks of how confined his life is, how he can barely leave his home, how everything is so dull and he’s constantly chased by things most of the world doesn’t even believe exist, and then he thinks of how
Sherlock is quiet beside him, picking at his own share, though John can feel him watching him with a curious and intent expression that would make John a lot more uncomfortable if he weren’t so hungry. Once John has finished most of his food, he takes a drink of water, then takes a deep breath, feeling much more comfortable.
Sherlock nods. He takes a deep breath. The sound of the sirens, something in the air, seems to bring him back to himself. When he opens his eyes, they’re clear, but he stares at John for a moment and John is startled by the intensity. Then Lestrade is there, breaking the moment, asking what the hell is going on, and everything comes back to life.
Sherlock glances at him, realizing John’s not going to let this go. Sure that John’s going to leave, Sherlock resigns himself to telling the truth. “My relationship to magic is… different,” he says.
Mycroft gives a clearly insincere twist of his lips that’s meant to be a smile.  “Certainly,” he says, ever polite.  “Sherlock was panicking.  He was digging in the mud with his bare hands, trying to get to you, knowing the whole time it was fruitless and that he couldn’t get to you from the physical realm.”
“Morning,” John says.  His voice is hoarse, and he clears his throat.  Sherlock shifts his hips, lets his thumb sweep higher on John’s chest, closer to his nipple.  He doesn't reply, but a breathy sigh leaves his lips when John tugs on his curls the tiniest bit, not enough to hurt, just enough to be playful, and John shifts his leg, pressing it closer to Sherlock’s groin.
what the problem was and you didn’t help him!”
“Consequences?” John asks, clenching his fists at his side to avoid punching this man in the face.
“Yes,” Sherlock says, sitting on the couch and turning Billy to face him.
Sherlock shakes his head quickly. “Of
she is, but that’s just it, isn’t it? You saw her as you
“Sherlock does,” Billy says. “Focus.”
“Come sit down with me,” John murmurs. His voice is soft, soothing, but there is an unfamiliar tremor to it. Sherlock shakes his head against John’s neck; he’s not sure he can move now that he’s given in; he won’t be able to bear it if he’s read this wrong, if John is just being kind, if John doesn’t –
“It’s a place of business. You never know when a customer will come,” he says.
“I met her a while back; she’s a doctor at St. Bart’s. She’s got a good job and she’s quite fit; I couldn’t believe my luck! I might even pop the question soon!”
John keeps his eyes open, though they’re half closed in pleasure. He feels like he’s melting under Sherlock’s hands, and he eagerly takes in Sherlock’s face from so close. He reaches up to run his fingers through Sherlock’s hair again, and Sherlock leans into his hand once more. He seems starved for touch, and John resolves to fix that.
Sherlock smiles. They kiss again, lips soft and unhurried. “It was you,” he admits a moment later. “If it was gorgeous, it was only because I was thinking entirely of you.”
John’s not sure where he is, or how he got here. He can’t remember what happened before now, and he’s oddly unconcerned about what will happen next. He looks around himself, but he’s not sure which way to turn; there’s nothing in any direction. He’s surrounded by a strange grey void on all sides.
“Sherlock’s magic created this house, and Sherlock’s magic sustains it,” Mycroft continues a moment later. “Therefore, the link between Sherlock’s magic and this house cannot disappear while you are inside it because you cannot die by Sherlock’s hand. As a result, Sherlock
Sherlock pauses, hands stilling on the duffel bag.  “Problem?” he asks, one brow arched.
“How many?” John asks. He doesn’t sound judgmental; he sounds worried.
John’s lips curl into a small smile and then he kisses Sherlock in response, sighing into the kiss when Sherlock presses gently against John’s back with his palm, pulling John closer. John slides his hand under Sherlock’s pajama shirt, lets his fingers drift over the smooth skin of Sherlock’s side, opens his mouth, lets his tongue slide into Sherlock’s mouth as Sherlock shivers and loses the rhythm of the kiss for a moment.
“It seems like you want to chaperone John and I every time we see each other, and I understand that, I really do. I even appreciate it, even if I wish it weren’t necessary.”
“Lie down on the sofa,” Sherlock requests, eyes travelling over how tightly John’s holding the paper, how square he’s holding his shoulders, how rigid and tense his jaw is. “If you’re ready,” he adds, not unkindly.
As he follows John up the steps, Sherlock does his best to keep his heartbeat under control, does his best not to immediately tell John that this doesn’t have to be temporary, that this can be forever (
“It’s not mundane trivia,” John says. “It’s your friend’s name.”
“Don’t judge him by the form he keeps now,” Sherlock advises, as if he can read John’s thoughts, his eyes trained on the pipe fox.
Sherlock blinks, realizing he’s spoken without thinking. This is why he doesn’t like talking to wizards. “Oh,” he says. “That’s just – you know, you were –”
“She’s not exactly your lady luck,” Sherlock says, as if that makes what he’s done okay.
. It’s terrifying, and he doesn’t understand why he feels a bit like he did in the moments just before his feet met nothing but air after being secure on the edge of St. Bart’s.
“John,” he pants.  “Just – it’s fine, I’m fine, last night –”
It’s a short moment, but again, time seems to stretch, and in that moment, layered with the present is every time his heart has ached for John, every time he’s laid awake at night imagining John, every time he’s played his violin for John, every time John’s smiled at him and sent a flush of warmth over his body, every time their hands have touched over a cup of tea or a passed phone, every moment of his life with John, and when John pulls away a moment later, Sherlock can’t move. He’s frozen, his eyes half closed, his lips just beginning to part. The sensations he’s just felt haven’t even registered in his mind yet and he’s trying to catalogue the ghost of the previous moment, the feel of John’s soft lips still lingering on his own.
“It was like that until I went to uni, made a fresh start,” John says. “I was the kid with no parents who said weird creepy shit. He was my only friend, really, when I was younger.”
John doesn’t know what to make of this.  It’s the second time someone’s referred to him as powerful, and he’s not sure why.  He ignores it for now.  “Who is ‘everyone’?” he asks instead.
The nutcracker nods in what looks like excitement, but then his painted eyebrows furrow when he notices the mice that are fast encroaching on where they’re sitting near the tree. In the center of the group of mice is what must be their king, a giant mutant mouse with seven heads and seven crowns. Sherlock’s eyes widen even further and he scuttles backwards in fear as the nutcracker stands up in front of him, holding his sword menacingly to hold off the mice. Sherlock is impressed by his bravery, but he feels paralyzed by fear and feels as if he can’t move when suddenly he hears a scurrying sound to his left. He turns, afraid more mice are coming, but instead, the little toy soldiers Uncle Augustus gave Mycroft start climbing out of their box, rushing over to stand behind the nutcracker.
“Feels good,” Sherlock admits, his voice barely above a whisper. His heart is beating fast, and he knows that this is different, that this is new, but surrounded by John like he is, having spent the past few hours with his magic deeply intertwined with John’s, sitting in his secret room that’s dripping with John’s magic, he can’t bring himself to move, to deny himself this.
“What are you doing down here, love? Aren’t you sore, sleeping on the floor like that?”
“Yes,” John said. “Her, too.”
“What is that?” Sherlock asks.
John snorts out a giggle in surprise, and Sherlock looks up at him, affronted, but then he can’t help but giggle, too, and then they’re both laughing and kissing and by the time their laughter quiets and their kisses grow deeper and their sighs turn to moans, they’re ready, and Sherlock marvels at how he ever could have lived without this.
“What, like, who cleans?” John asks, taking a bite of his toast.
“Surely you can’t mistake me for an idiot,” the man says with a raised eyebrow. “These aren’t yours. But what a surprise you are, so willing to tell your name to a complete stranger.”
“Yes,” Sherlock says, his voice low. “Please, John -”
“I don’t – I don’t know what music to use,” Sherlock says after a moment. He feels nervous, and John is still standing close to him.
Molly smiles, turning the instrument so that one handle is directly in front of John and one is in front of her, and she sits in the armchair across from John.
“There really is, though,” Moriarty says. He reclines in his chair, watching John with a crooked smile and narrowed eyes. “You’ve come here for nothing. He’s gone.”
John reaches out and he puts a hand on Sherlock’s knee. “You’re not crazy,” he says.
“I… what? But I sent you a message.”
Chocolamouse said the following in her comment on chapter 17: "I bet next time this blade is mentioned it will be something like, "The blade was now pressed against Sherlock's jugular but it was boring so he didn't pay attention.""
“Hmm,” Sherlock nodded and began looking at the room, his fingers dancing through the air as if he was touching invisble objects.
And although he does not always succeed, Sherlock Holmes will always try to be kind to John Watson, be it the man or the boy.
They kissed deeply again before they left the flat for the second time that day, but this time with less urgency than in the morning.
(See the end of the chapter for
What followed was a blessed, hiccup-free silence.
Sherlock was very quiet, and when John managed to wipe the tears out of his eyes and sit up straight again, still giggling uncontrollably, he looked like a very angry, very battered and dirty owl which had been rescued by animal services and which couldn’t wait to flutter away again - if it weren’t for the protective orange towel wrapped around it. The way he held the blanket close around him while peering over it’s edge at John led to new peals of laughter.
link between the victims. I am sure that if we get all the details from the other crime scenes, the more obvious pattern will be found in the “Make a Wish” slogan.
on the other.
and he allowed that looking to be seen by Sherlock. He took in the pale skin, the strong arms, the flat stomach, the high cheekbones and the dark unruly hair and when looking wasn’t enough anymore, he stepped closer and
“I’m here after all, aren’t I?” Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, fighting against light-headedness. Maybe he should have eaten something yesterday.
“It was surprising, I admit,” Sherlock nodded. “But I had him in my grasp.”
the text read and he immediately deleted it after sending it.
“Oh, no, there’s something I have to do first. Let me get dressed. I promise I will come home with you after.”
After hearing that, John allowed himself to
"No, no, NO! Not again!”
“I can’t do that!”
Lestrade was back at the Yard, filing reports, but he had given them access to the next crime scene. An officer had shown them up the stairs but then left immediately, her face slightly green.
He closed his eyes for a moment and recalled the smell of old books and fresh ink and the very light smell of the bleached paper in the typewriters. So yes, this was personal. The murderer clearly knew that he had taken refuge in the library frequently when he was young, reading books from the adult sections without anyone bothering him about it. The librarian, Mrs Woodwinkle, a solemn, black woman who always wore a colourful scarf in her hair, had sometimes given him strange looks, but she had always brought him books on the topics he had requested, and sometimes a cup of hot cocoa in the front room.
“Three men, one woman. All have the tattoo, including the man who tattooed the others?”
The librarian was so baffled by Sherlock’s question that he answered without thinking. “Erm, no. Not that I can think of.”
“Obviously.”
“Took you long enough.”
He opened the envelope and pulled the pictures out. Thank God this task was done by machines now, otherwise his choice of subject would have raised questions, no doubt.
“Sherlock!” Lestrade came sprinting towards him and stopped dead in his tracks. His eyes roamed over his face and body and then he very carefully drew him into a hug. Sherlock was so surprised that he just let it happen. “Oh, thank god you’re alive!”
The man’s hand trembled and then he pushed forward. Having anticipated the move, Sherlock sidestepped him and pushed him hard against the bannister of the bridge. The knife slipped from his hand and landed in the murky water below. The desperate roar that came from the man turned into a whimper as Sherlock’s knee connected with his back. A moment later they were surrounded by men in uniform and battle gear and Sherlock had to smile at the fact that Lestrade had probably overstated the severity of the operation. Yet he was relieved that they had been this quick.
John growled and rolled out of bed. He stomped down the stairs and was greeted by the sight of Sherlock stumbling into the living room in just pyjama pants, his hair wild, blinking at him.
“Absolutely,” Sherlock nodded and held out his hand. The man shook his head as he pulled his phone out of his pocket. Sherlock grinned as he took it from him, but he refrained from dissecting the man’s biography from the clues the phone offered him. He simply sent a text to John, assuming that he might have started to worry due to him forgetting his phone at home.
For a while, they remained like this, pressed together and happy, but then John pushed himself up. “One more thing, since it’s after midnight and all,” he plucked the condom off and wiped Sherlock’s and his own stomachs and cocks with the towel, before he threw it into the bathroom and closed the door. Then he disappeared for a moment while Sherlock sat up, wondering what John was up to. When he returned, he held Sherlock’s coat in his arms. “Merry Christmas,” he placed it carefully, almost reverently, into Sherlock’s hands.
The thing that destroyed the rare quiet atmosphere that filled 221b Baker Street happened 5 minutes later when Greg’s mobile rang. He listened for a few moments and then told John that three bodies had been found in different parts of London, all three with a snowflake tattoo.
“Leave them,” Sherlock said before he reached behind him and opened the small drawer on his bedside table, fishing out a condom and the lube. “You or me?” he asked and John felt himself stir. Sherlock watched him with a smile that made John grow hard. “Alright then,” Sherlock licked his lips and then poured some lube onto his palm before he wrapped his hand around John.
“I have to go check something. John, why don’t you go home and get some sleep. You are no use to me like this.”
“You are naked.”
At 5:00 pm he had called everybody but Mycroft and at 7:00 pm he finally caved and called even him. No one knew where Sherlock was. At 8:00 pm the flat was filled with people: Mrs Hudson (fretting), Lestrade (also fretting but still trying to be rational) and Mycroft (outwardly cool, internally more hysterical than Mrs Hudson).
“You kept it all these years?”
John looked from Lestrade to Anderson and back, entirely flabbergasted. “It’s a Christmas miracle,” Lestrade suddenly burst out and raised his arms over his head. “Hallelujah. That I would live to see the day!”
“No, sentiment.”
“What is it?”
“This is rather dramatic, wouldn’t you say?”
John smiled up at Sherlock. “This is nice.”
But thankfully Days_of_Storm has got my back and verbosity for the both of us! :*
John shrugged. He had no idea what Sherlock was trying to get him to see. “They all have the same slogan written on it?”
he get out?”
John tried to grab the door frame, missed and stumbled into the coat rack.
“Notice anything peculiar?” he asked, rocking back and forth on his heels now - possibly against the cold, but more probably because he always got excited when asking John to make an observation, always hoping - often in vain - that John would see what he saw.
“You never have important information.”
“In any case, we might have a copycat on our hands here,” he grinned and rubbed his own hands gleefully.
John stood up and zipped himself up again before he knelt down in front of the bathtub and plunged his left arm into the water. It had taken on a grey colour and Sherlock clearly needed to shower before stepping out of the bath to rinse off the rest of the dirt, but for now, John couldn’t care less.
“Oh, shut up, Sherlock. I mean it. You’re doing important work and it excites you. I mean, I’d rather not have people be killed in the first place, but considering the circumstances ...”
“Learning how to tattoo. Of course!” Sherlock turned around himself once, seeking out John. Remembering that John wasn’t with him, he stopped and turned to the very confused librarian. “He offered his services, right here. On this board. And three patrons responded. I need to see your patron register! This is the missing link!”
“As were you.”
“Um… yes?”
“In a moment.”
Despite what people think, Sherlock doesn’t
“You know, when the murders initially happened, I collected evidence about sightings of Santa Claus,” he leaned back in his chair and licked his lips. John began eating again, feeling a little more at peace with the world. “There had been six seperate sightings of flats in which strange shoe prints were found on carpets. In some cases, the biscuits and milk that children had left on the window sill had been consumed. It was generally thought that someone was playing a trick on them, trying to get them to believe in Santa. Possibly just unrelated instances of parents trying to convince their children that a stranger would fly around the world in a single night and leave them gifts to find in the morning in exchange for sweets. But, those parents always refused to admit to that. This means that the murderer might have had a choice of victims.”
“John, I lost my wedding band in one of the portable latrines!”
John shot upright in bed, instantly awake and in fight or flight mode, but there was no attacker in the darkness of his bedroom. The scream came again, starting low and guttural and rising to an impressive pitch.
“Kitschy Christmas cards with lots of glitter on them?”
“What?”
“And look what a meal of it he’s been making recently,” the man shook his head. “No. None of you do what you were born to do.”
“Oh no, he did
“You always had a choice.”
“Are you alright?” Sherlock rubbed his eyes and John stepped away from the window and made his way towards him. Yet he stopped a few feet away.
“As requested.”
“So you killed people who offered help? All men?”
“How so?”
“Hmm?”
“Have you seen a man taking pictures of this wall this week?”
For a quick moment, Sherlock’s expression changed subtly, as if, for one second only, Sherlock considered whether not having a case might have been preferable to having one. And that was all John needed. Just that tiny moment of doubt which immediately dissolved when he smiled at Sherlock, meant the world to John and restored his mood to match Sherlock’s.
“Hmm, how much blood do you think this is?”
Thank you so much for reading and commenting. This started out as a typical "Let's maybe do a calendar again this year ... ohh look there are prompts" thing and really quickly became a "but what if the murderer knew Sherlock when he was little ..." thing. It's been a joy to write these little stories. All typos etc. exist, because we never quite managed to plan ahead and write ahead, so everything was pretty much posted immediately.
“Sherlock. Just tell me!”
“John?”
“It was in the blood. Both at covent garden and in the other flat.”
“My wife left some biscuits on the windowsill, probably as a joke.”
With five people and a table in the room one had to be careful to not step on anybody’s feet. Sherlock, who wandered around while thinking, of course was not careful.
As if sensing John’s grumpiness, Sherlock turned around to face him, ruffled his hair a little while smiling excitedly at him. And John couldn’t help but to reach out and gently touch the side of his face that still carried an imprint of the edge of the sofa cushion, trying to smooth out the lines.
The man stared daggers at him, so Sherock stared daggers back, which led to a further whitening around the nose and finally a long, exhausted sigh. “Every couple of days.”
“And he did cut the coat!”
“Yes. And then you proceeded to be missing for another 12 hours. And
Sherlock was, once again, scanning the room carefully. “Let’s go and see Molly,” he finally said, pocketing something. John knew better than to ask what he had taken from the crime scene.
is to step into your arms, feel you holding me tight, your chin resting on top of my head, your breath ruffling my hair, and everything is instantly better.
“Is someone dying?”
Sherlock was never one to count on luck, but he also did not ignore it when it showed its face.
“I take it you did not get any sleep,” John held his chin in his hand and turned his head left and right as if to see if he had missed any of the cuts. His throat burned where the knife had broken through his skin.
“I’m fine, John. This is just … for future reference.”
“Hmm, wings and all. God, I need to go back to bed, I’m hallucinating.”
“I understand.”
“He killed himself. You did nothing. You stood by and watched him kill himself.”
John read the short paragraphs of her will, dated and stamped already a few years back. It stated that she wanted all of her property to be signed over to them in case of her death. The property that was listed was the entire house in Baker Street, a flat in Hackney whose address John recognised as being one of Sherlock’s hideouts and a cottage with a large garden in Sussex.
It's not the good kind of wonder. Sorry. :P
She resurfaced from her puzzle when she heard John and Sherlock coming down the stairs again. She got up when the door slammed, because she’d just remembered the mail.
They moved as one, slowly incresing the speed of their movements and gasping each other's names. “Merry Christmas,” John moaned eventually, just before he came and Sherlock laughed and held him harder only to follow a few moments later. “Merry Christmas, John,” he kissed against his lips.
“That's what they say in these terrible films when someone gets married and their secret admirer is confronted with the …”
“Well, other than
“You fixed it?”
Sherlock showered and made tea, listening to John’s gentle snoring from the bedroom. He was glad that he’d decided to come home after the suspect turned out to be a dead end (not in the literal sense). He was still driven by cases, but some of the urgency had left him when John stepped into his life.
“I chose not to kill them.”
She had taken the mail inside with her and dropped in on the table next to the door. She would sort it later. First she made some tea, listening to the gurgling pipes. A much needed bath was being run upstairs, she just hoped Sherlock would not touch anything until he was clean.
Sherlock followed the prints from the window to the chimney, went down on his knees and looked up the chimney. Then he turned and looked at John.
They walked uphill for almost 15 minutes until they reached a house with a large but neglected garden. The man entered, waited until Sherlock had followed and then locked the door. He showed Sherlock to a living room with an unlit fireplace and two armchairs.
“Someone is about to. I am going to fucking kill them! I am not even joking!”
“Pay them with their own coin. Give tit for tat. Pay them back in kind.”
“You’re a free man,” Sherlock murmured as he began to unbutton John’s shirt as he pulled his jumper over his head and dropped it to the ground behind him.
“New Scotland Yard,” Sherlock said and looked out of the window as the cab started driving. His hand found John’s and held on to it until they had reached their destination. Once there, he pulled John halfway through the building, and, to John’s great surprise, past Lestrade’s office and further down the hall. At the very end, he knocked on the last door. Anderson’s office. John was incredibly confused.
“I don’t read them, usually.”
Sherlock looked up again. “Did I wake you up?”
Lestrade snorted like a good-natured horse.
“Were any notes put up that seemed strange to you?”
He found him already quite hard when he wrapped his hand around him and Sherlock shuddered when he began stroking him. After a while, he kissed him again and they continued to kiss until Sherlock came apart under his hand, clasping the rim of the bathtub hard as he shuddered through his orgasm.
The living room was all white, white carpet, white sofa, white bookcases. The only thing not white were a line of sooty footprints from the chimney to the window.
John nodded. “The scarf you wore when I met you.”
Free tattoos. Someone had offered free tattoos? What kind of community service was that? “Sorry,” he turned around and handed the phone back to the man who looked both offended and intrigued now. Sherlock realised he must have muttered to himself while performing some sort of dance in front of the board, scrutinizing the paper scrap. “Have any of your patrons inquired about getting a free tattoo?”
All those stages that came following infancy, such as sitting up, crawling, walking, well, the youngest member of the Holmes' family was early in all of them. Their surprise however, wasn't so much as because of their son's intelligence as it was of the fact that they regocnized those intelligent eyes in someone else: Mycroft Holmes.
The third babysitter, Sherlock couldn’t even deduce the gender on. He knew the word andogymice (he wasn’t sure if he pronounced it correctly, but at least he’d heard Mycroft use it once and asked him about it). Instead, he’d deduced that this person was some sort of criminal.
“That’s not what people usually say.” Sherlock’s voice had a tone of awe in it.
When he turned around, he found that Sherlock was staring at him. He chuckled a little. ”Uh, what is it, Sherlock?”
John scoffed. “Those people must be both blind and morons. You’re a child for Christ’s sake!”
“Come in! You must be John Watson if I’m not mistaken? I’m sorry for the rush, but unfortunately, me and my husband realized that we’re late for the dinner we’d be going to. This is Sherlock.”
John and Sherlock waved goodbye to Mr and Mrs Holmes.
John just shook his head in disbelief. “What do people usually say?” Sherlock’s eyes draw John in and so, he barely managed to pick up the reply he got: “Piss off.” John blinked. “Sorry, what?” he frowned.
Sherlock nodded at John in such a grownup manner that the only word he could find to describe Sherlock in that moment was simply: adorable. He gave a nod back at the kid.
The second one was a man actually (some acquaintance of Mycroft. Sherlock wasn’t sure if the man was called Graham, Gregory or whatever. It was something on the letter G. Mycroft always teased him about that). Sherlock had deduced that Graham had a crush on Mycroft. That’s why Graham had left. Such a shame. Sherlock had almost liked him.
It was because of this “gift”, that every single one of Sherlock's previous babysitters had found his ability uncanny and left. And who could blame them, really? The first one, a woman (Sherlock couldn’t remember her name or rather he’d deleted that information), had fled after Sherlock deduced that her boyfriend had just left her.
He opens his eyes and looks at John questioningly, but John just smiles and comes to the bed, sitting up against the headboard, a screaming Iris in one arm and a bottle in the other.
“I’d imagine so,” Sherlock says. “You appear to have a conscience, so it can’t be easy, being who you are. Although, I’d advise you not to waste time on wishes that can’t be granted.”
John gives him an annoyed look and then turns back to the hydrangea.  “Okay, it’s a hydrangea,” he says.  He stares a minute longer, but he truly can’t think of what he’s supposed to do.  “That’s all,” he says.
They say the words at the same time, John questioning the validity of his presence with a heavy, wrinkled brow, and Sherlock assuring him his presence is vital with a small smile, and then Sherlock turns away for a moment, a small smile curling on his lips, as John does the same. Something unclenches in Sherlock’s heart that he hadn’t known was clenched, and he forces his face to fall back into a more neutral expression as he goes to the door and pulls it open, holding it for John. He sneaks through with Iris and gives him a tight smile as he passes.
. Sherlock is too important for that. 221B may be gone, Sherlock may be gone, but John will stop at nothing to protect Sherlock. He won’t let this man take that from him.
“He’s mine now, John! Sorry! Go on home now with your little fox!” Moriarty laughs, and John rushes forward, ready to attack him, hatred burning in his stomach, when Moriarty suddenly vanishes. John stops short just before he smashes into the wall, and he’s
Later, John’s exhausted and wants nothing more to sink into his chair, but he’s also starving, so he sets out with Sherlock for Angelo’s.  He realizes, though, that he has no idea how to get there.  Sherlock is walking in a very specific direction, so John follows and assumes Sherlock knows where they’re going.  It’s nowhere near where he’d found the place last time, but somehow, that doesn’t surprise him.
“It’s lonely, being an old man,” he replies. “I had a family once, a wife and a son. My son died in Borneo; he fought in the Indonesia-Malaysia war in the sixties. It was a long time ago now, but you never really get over something like that, you know?”
“Where did that come from?” John asks.
“You’re wrong,” John says, putting teabags into their cups and pouring hot water over them. “I think it was rather lucky I met her, to be honest. She’s quite attractive.”
it’s John, and Sherlock has been so intent on keeping himself together he’s failed to notice the clues of his presence, something which unsettles him more than he’d like. Another mistake. He swallows and holds himself still for a fraction of a second and then turns to John, who’s sitting in his chair. Sherlock melts into a familiar position of confidence, hoping he doesn’t seem surprised to see John.
John shakes his head. “Not really. I was never very good at keeping friends, and after all this with my leg, it was… it’s been a bit… rough the past few years. Wizarding society isn’t always all that accepting of people who don’t fit a certain mold.”
Sherlock smiles into John’s shirt, relaxes against him further. “Good. It was cold,” he tells him again. “It hurt.”
“Please,” he says. Iris is a warm, heavy weight in his arms.
“But there should have been…” Her voice trails off when suddenly the pendulum stops moving, and she opens her eyes, looking into the basin. “Oh,” she says simply, taking in the pattern drawn in the sand. John looks, too, and he’s surprised to see a butterfly.
“What – was that a dream?” he mumbles to himself, wondering if he is indeed crazy – he did, after all, just have a conversation with a family of human foxes – but in his hand is the brightly wrapped takeout from Angelo.  “What the bloody hell?” he says, staring at the bundle.  He looks around again, but there’s no sign of the warm string of lights or the red curtain or the little fox family; all that surrounds him are dark, empty streets.  He has no idea what’s just happened to him, and he wonders if he’s in some kind of shock – but then he thinks of Sherlock, placing that stupid arrow in his pocket in the first place, and he laughs.
“Get started doing what, exactly?” John asks, eyeing the items Sherlock has placed around him in his little clutter-free zone dubiously. Billy is across from Sherlock, wearing the same unreadable skull’s expression he always wears, but there is also a large decorative vase, almost like an urn, and a tall glass bottle of what appears to be water.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “Not in the same way as someone who’s dedicated solely to the practice. Besides, Mary mentioned star charts yesterday, didn’t she? You’d have something new to talk to her about.”
, haven’t you?”
John sits up a little bit to tug on the waistband of Sherlock’s’ pajamas, and she tugs them down along with Sherlock’s pants, and Sherlock looks up to watch, her mouth watering with desire at the way John looks down at her and licks her lips.
John presses closer still, his leg sliding further between Sherlock’s, and Sherlock lets out a strangled gasp when their hips connect and he feels John’s hardness against his own. Something like electricity jolts in his stomach and he presses his fingertips into John’s back, urging him closer.
They’re set to meet Mary at 5:00 in the park. It’s a bit early, but she’d suggested the earlier time, saying they shouldn’t miss out on such a nice day. John had agreed, and he’d spent most of the afternoon preparing sandwiches and snacks for them.
“Er, right, nice to meet you, Mr. Holmes, but I really should be going,” he says. He pushes against the arms of his chair and stands.
He looks around, startled, and then the voice speaks again. “Down here!” it says, and John almost drops the skull in his hands when he feels its jaw moving against his hands.
Sherlock’s heart skips a beat in his chest; he’s never shown this to anyone. For some reason, though, something about John, something about the way he always says, “brilliant,” makes him think it will be okay. “Alright,” he says quietly. He stands and sets his drink down on the sidetable, pretends his hands are steady. John stands and follows.
John remembers that visit so clearly he can almost feel the water drying on his skin, can see Sherlock turn to smile at him while they’re laying in the grass, can feel the branches crunching under his feet as he runs through the forest with Sherlock. His determination settles further: he needs Sherlock back and he will do whatever it takes.   “Right. Okay,” he says.
“It was?” Sherlock asks in surprise.
“Honestly, John, it was quite good, but I don’t know if it’s worth waiting nearly twenty-four hours. Maybe next time you should be a little quicker about it,” Sherlock says after dinner.
, he thinks. He knows magic and he lives in a castle and he even hates Mycroft!
“Most people don’t,” Greg says. “And they’ve had much longer to try and figure it out than you’ve had. There’s a reason Sherlock’s the only wish granter; he’s the only one with the ability, for one thing, but I think he’s also the only one who can understand how to keep the balance.”
Mary reaches up and touches the ribbons tied around her head like a headband.  “These?”
to be John’s best man, Sherlock composing songs for him, Sherlock smiling at him after his wedding in such a strange way and then disappearing from the crowd, Sherlock
“Shop?” John repeats, looking around again. All he sees is a mess; a living room full of extravagant pillows and chairs, books and papers on every available surface, the air thick with smoke and dust, a kitchen with a chemistry set upon the table and various bowls and measuring tools strewn haphazardly about. It doesn’t look like a shop at all; there’s certainly nothing worth selling inside of it.
“He sounds awful,” John agrees. “’Specially since he broke my arm.”
“Hmm,” John says, drinking as he thinks back. “Nine, maybe. Anyway, I was walking home through the park one day and one of them popped out in front of me and I was running from it when this boy reached out and took my hand. He threw some salt over his shoulder and it distracted the hands, then he pulled me along to this little rock wall. For some reason, the hands couldn’t follow us there. He was the first person I ever met who could see them, too, and we sat there a while, talking about it.”
John flushes. “Yes,” he says. It’s much different, he thinks, to talk about this now while they’re both safe and out of harm’s way than it is to say in the heat of the moment while he’s terrified of losing Sherlock forever, even if the sentiment remains the same.
“Oh, this is certainly interesting,” Mycroft says from where he stands behind John.  Both John and Sherlock swivel their heads in his direction to glare at him, and he raises an amused eyebrow.
Luckily, they only walk for a moment before Sherlock says, “Ah, this will do,” and reaches out, opening a door he seems to create out of thin air.  He gestures John through first again, and John goes, stopping in shock when he realizes they are in an alleyway across from Mary’s house, which he’s seen only in pictures when she’d moved there the week before.  He stumbles when Sherlock steps through and walks right into his back, but quickly moves forward.
Anyway, thanks again for reading!  Like I said, I'd love to hear your thoughts on this!
“Yeah, but it’s much cooler when you do it,” John says, settling down into his chair, the darkness from the moment before slipping away just a little bit.
“I can’t leave this flat,” she says.
“Hmm,” Sherlock says after a moment, and John just huffs and shakes his head, wondering why he stopped to indulge Sherlock’s stare in the first place. He goes to the kitchen and sets the bag down on the table, wondering idly what exactly Sherlock saw in his perusal.
“It’s not
And then John’s tongue traces Sherlock’s lip, and Sherlock trembles, his own tongue sliding forward to meet John’s. He’s kissed before, of course he has, but it’s never been like this; it’s never reached into the very foundations of his being and pulled feelings and emotions out of him he’s never thought he could feel, it’s never invaded his mind palace, it’s never soothed the overwhelming flood of emotions he doesn’t know how to control.
“You can’t eat him! He’s a good person!” the fox-boy shouts, standing in front of John and somehow commanding the entire group of spirits despite his small size and young age.
“You’re
, but I can manage a hangover draught.”
“Quite sure,” Sherlock says. “It’s nothing but a consultation; you’d be quite bored. I’m sure you’ll find something to do here instead.”
John laughs, but it’s tinged with something sad. “Yes you are, when did that happen?”
John just stares at him and opens his umbrella as Mycroft appears beside them.  When he looks behind him, of course there is no door.
“I know, love,” John says.  He pulls Sherlock closer, wraps his arms around him, kisses everywhere his lips can reach.  Sherlock can feel John’s cock – it’s hard and hot and leaking and he wants to help him, he wants to take care of it, but he can’t, not yet, not when his limbs feel like jelly and his heart is pounding in his ears.  He needs to be closer to John; he wants to dissolve into the pores of John’s skin, to crawl inside John’s body and never leave, to fuse together and never part.
Something in his stomach shivers pleasantly and it’s never been like this when he’s kissed someone before,
The boy’s eyes light up and his tail twitches back and forth in excitement, and John smiles.  “Go on, then, you can have it.  It wasn’t even mine in the first place,” he says, holding it out to him.
“Alright, Love, I know,” John says, shifting her a bit and then holding the bottle out for her. She eagerly latches on and her cries turn to the sound of satisfied drinking, and Sherlock smiles and shifts closer to John. He throws an arm over John’s waist and burrows his face into John’s hip, content. He drifts into sleep a little bit until he feels John’s fingers carding through his hair, and he realizes Iris has finished her morning meal. He blinks up at John, who’s smiling at him fondly, and then he shifts a bit, enough that he’s slouched against the headboard.
Sherlock is like a different person after he’s gotten his way and eaten his share of risotto. Once the aroma of cooking food had begun to fill the kitchen, he’d suddenly risen and gone to the bathroom, and then emerged a good while later, just as dinner was finishing, wearing proper clothes (a suit), his curly hair wet from a shower.
“You will be compensated,” Sherlock says, just as the teapot whistles.
John smiles at him, a soft smile Sherlock has never seen before. “It’s good we’ve found each other then, isn’t it?” he says.
A comfortable silence falls between them, save for the sounds of Sherlock inhaling his pipe and the distant traffic sounds from the street below.
The skull yawns, its head swiveling far back from its bottom jaw. “Too long,” it says. “How long has it been, exactly?”
choosing her. You know what she is now. There’s no halfway with her; she’s dangerous, especially to you.”
“Sorry, Sherlock,” Mycroft says dutifully.
“You must be tired,” Sherlock says again.
close, and he can tell Sherlock is, too. Sherlock’s making desperate breathy sounds beneath him, and then his leg tightens around John’s waist, and a helpless moan tears from Sherlock’s throat. John’s pleasure peaks and coils in his stomach when he hears it, when he sees the way Sherlock’s face contorts in ecstasy, mouth falling open, eyes squeezing shut as his head tilts back and he comes. It’s beautiful and it pulls John under, his body going taut, pleasure washing over him in waves as he collapses against Sherlock. Warmth surges between their bodies, Sherlock’s leg presses their groins together and John sees stars, isn’t aware of anything until he realizes he’s pressed his face into Sherlock’s neck, that he’s panting, that Sherlock is trembling.
John grins, likening him to a sulky drowned cat, and gestures at his hair with his free hand before dissolving into giggles all over again. Sherlock rolls his eyes, but then he shifts closer to John and reaches up, mussing his hair and sending it into thick, wet spikes all over John’s head.
John rolls his eyes. “A job that pays
“I was just… how’d you figure out you needed a room like that?”
“Right, archenemy,” John says, not curious enough to stick around this man.  “Have a nice day, then,” he adds, looking pointedly at the man before walking past him.  The man, however, follows him.
John is staring back at him from under his umbrella, an expression of confusion on his face. Sherlock is panting. He leans forward and puts his hands on his knees, but he keeps his head tilted up to look at John. Their eyes are locked even with the cars passing between them, and Sherlock isn’t in control of his expression – he can’t be anymore, and he hopes it’s not too damning.
“Sherlock,” John says, glaring at him. “
John’s hands hover over the urn for a moment and he looks up at Sherlock questioningly until Sherlock rolls his eyes and takes John’s hands in his, placing them around the urn, just below the opening. Sherlock keeps his hands over John’s, his long fingers curled around John’s wrists. John’s surprised when they stay, and he’s suddenly very aware of every miniscule movement in his fingers and every point in which Sherlock’s skin touches his.
something and I could feel the magic in the air twist and pull in that direction. I thought it was how everyone experienced magic, but when I’d try to talk about it and no one knew what I was saying, I began to realize it wasn’t. The first time I went to Diagon Alley, it was – all the magic everywhere was too much for me. It
“We,” Sherlock agrees. Their lips meet in a kiss again, the feeling incandescent. “It was inevitable, all this time.”
. He reaches between them, and though it’s an awkward angle, he wraps a hand around Sherlock’s cock, moves it up and down, and bites gently on Sherlock’s nipple again as Sherlock groans, louder than before, his head tilting back.
He swallows, steeling himself to remain reassuring and not react too strongly to her obvious distress. “Are you –” He clears his throat, tells himself to be patient, reminds himself that talking to her can often be like talking to a child. “Do you know where to find him?”
“My leg,” John reminds him.
“Do you want to choose her, knowing that if you go near her, you will most likely die?”
, but something overtakes his muscles and his arm reaches out. Before he can think about it, his hand is gripping the cool metal of the doorknob, even though he’s trying as hard as he can to turn away.
John shakes his head. “You’ve done so much,” he says, and he sounds so sure that Sherlock almost feels like he can believe him. “I was so – I don’t think you know how miserable I was before I moved in with you, but I couldn’t keep being miserable around you, not when you’re so… so bloody
“You’re welcome,” Uncle Augustus says brightly, heedless of Mycroft’s tone, and he winks at Sherlock, which makes Sherlock giggle. He hugs his nutcracker tightly to his chest, and when Uncle Augustus turns to greet Gran, Sherlock wanders away with his nutcracker, eager to examine it up close. He can’t say what it is that catches his attention, but there’s something about it that seems special. It’s not like some of the gifts Uncle Augustus has given him in the past; it’s not a clock with animated figures on its face, and neither is it anything particularly innovative, but there’s something about its understated strength and beauty that Sherlock likes. He sits on the couch by the Christmas tree and examines it, swinging his legs as he holds the nutcracker this way and that, wondering what kind of soldier it is, realizing he doesn’t know enough about the army and he should do some research.
Sherlock rolls his eyes. “He
The pipe fox, Redbeard, squeaks again, and its tail twitches back and forth against Sherlock’s wrist.
“The most important thing you can do, John, is stay in this building,” Mycroft says.
know Sherlock?” John asks. It’s rare, he thinks, to find someone who knows Sherlock and still manages to seem somehow
“No,” he says. “No, Sherlock, I think that’s pretty relevant -”
“Oh. Alright,” Sherlock replies, even though he’s not sure if that’s a good thing or a bad thing.
Sherlock doesn’t pause or look back as he speaks, just walks ahead and assumes everyone will go with him.  “Unfortunately, you should follow,” he tells Mycroft.  John looks between the two of them, wonders why they’re all going to Sherlock’s bedroom, and stands up with a resigned sigh, following Sherlock and ignoring the look on Mycroft’s face, who follows along looking much too pleased with himself.
, I can’t
He feels hopelessly incompetent and incapable of expressing himself, feels as if his mind is sluggish and his body is in the way. He doesn’t understand why it has to be this way, but John is regarding him as if he hasn’t done anything strange, so he allows himself to feel a hesitant sense of encouragement.
, and he doesn’t want to hope, really he doesn’t, but he can’t help it.
“Sherlock –”
The woman flushes red and stares at him in some mixture of embarrassment and shock.  She seems flustered, and John instantly regrets taking his annoyance on Sherlock out on her.  “He’s really not bad,” John adds, the edge out of his voice this time, and he turns to Sherlock, who is watching John with a raised brow and the corner of his mouth turned upwards.
“I’ll manage,” John says dryly, taking another sip of coffee, the morning cobwebs beginning to clear from his brain. “Wait, where are you going? You didn’t tell me.”
“When I was younger, a lot of Healers came to try to figure out what was wrong with my magic,” he says. “Most of them were idiots, and had nothing useful to say.”
“Stubborn Gryffindor,” Sherlock manages, and then he winces. “Don’t talk,” he says. His voice is quiet, and he doesn’t turn on a light. He goes to the old musty couch in the dark and curls up on it, face against the back, knees tucked into his chest. There’s no movement or sound from John for a moment, until he takes the heavy blanket from the back of the couch and lays it over him.
“Well, it’s an interesting thought, isn’t it?” Sherlock says as the last of Redbeard slips away from his fingers and curls around John’s. “I was not the same five minutes ago, and neither were you. Everything we do changes who we are. For that matter, John, consider who you were the very first time you stepped into this apartment compared to who you are now. It’s a world of difference, isn’t it?”
But suddenly John is turning them over, and Sherlock is on his back.  He likes this, the way John senses when it’s too much for him and takes over.  He can’t think about it, though, not when in the same instant that he finds himself on his back, John’s lips are suddenly attached to his neck, to the spot between his neck and his shoulder that makes him shiver and he finds that he is clinging desperately to John’s back, and that he’s making sounds, soft breathy ones, and that it feels like his heart is crawling all over his skin, that he’s coming apart from the inside, that he will do anything anything anything if it means he can feel this even a moment longer.
John’s heart twists in desperation. “Yes,” he chokes. “Yes, he is. Please, Zosima, I have to find him. Please help me.”
“I’m not taking a bloody skull with me to the grocery store,” John says. “People think I’m crazy enough as it is,” he added, thinking of people avoiding him on the streets as he runs from things they can’t see.
how you are?” John asks when she doesn’t continue speaking.
, he doesn’t care,” he says.
Once they’ve had breakfast and showered, Sherlock tries again. “Come on, John, we’re going to see a fortuneteller,” he says.
(See the end of the chapter for
,” John says. “How’d you know how to find that cursed mirror?”
John thinks of the train ride and grimaces; Sherlock had loudly and unapologetically deduced nearly all of the passengers around them, much to John’s embarrassment and the passengers’ collective dismay.
“I don’t think I am, either,” John says a moment later. Sherlock looks at him questioningly, the thread of conversation already lost to him. “Good at this,” John clarifies. “So, we can…” he looks away and his mouth twitches and his eyebrows dip and rise but he looks back at Sherlock with a placid, brave smile. “We can figure it out together, yeah?”
