“Can I or can I not stop being God,” he asked around, wishing for Castiel to be there.
Instead of answering Jack’s question, he took a few steps on the path they were stationed on, angelic shape carefully folded and hidden into the body that he chose to inhabit. He looked like a man taking a stroll in the woods, head slightly bent sideways to better listen to the eternal singing of the birds, and Jack tried to see only that, to give him the boundaries he so sorely needed after being unmade time and time again by those he used to trust.
that it was made to crave.
me,” Jack told the angel, but it only seemed to further distress it.
“I don’t mean to pry,” he added as an afterthought, unwilling to coax Castiel into disclosing private information. From what Jack understood, humans and especially Dean could be immensely secretive about the matters of the heart, and Castiel had learned all that he knew of humanity from Dean, that much Jack knew.
“Did you like it?” Cas’s head snaps up, his eyes wide, alarmed. “Is that it? Why you let it go on this long?”
Cas also does half the chores around the house and insists on having a weekly planner on the fridge for them to be equally split between him and Dean. Dean doesn’t really think they need one – they could just decide as they go – but somehow that seems very important to Cas. He spends long minutes filling it in with a (‘totally cute’) concentrated frown at the end of every week, so Dean goes along with it, because of course he does. Saying no to Cas isn’t exactly the most refined of his talents.
The man replies with a small smile of his own and heads for the kitchen, every muscle in his body still tense. Time to help them both relax. Dean has just the solution, he thinks as he heads for the couch, where he takes his guitar out of its case and starts getting ready to play some music. That’s still the official reason why he’s here, and he can’t deny he’s hitching to play something. Music is Dean’s getaway. Nothing makes him feel more himself than playing, and he figures that if he manages to relax, Cas will relax too. He’s also aware that he’s pretty hot when he starts playing and singing. He’s charmed the pants off a few ladies and also a few gentlemen in the past with his guitar and his voice, and he’s not above using that with Cas tonight. Of all those people, he’s the one Dean wants to be with the most
“It, ehm, burns a little. I just need a minute, it’s-, you know, been a while.”
“Anything, Omega. I-, I want what you want. I need to give you what you need.”
“I know! I’m sorry, ok?” He pleads, looking at Cas now, trying to make him see how so very sorry he is for the whole ruse. He just wanted tonight to be a complete surprise, is all. “I made sure you didn’t drink too much, I didn’t want you miserable the day after,” he adds, because even if Cas gets mad, he wants him to feel reassured that Dean would have never let it go too far. “I just needed to make sure you’d sleep soundly so I could measure the size of your ring finger without you waking up,” he concludes, lamely, realizing, now that he’s actually saying it out loud, that it sounded like a much, much better idea at the time.
Dean’s hands tighten on his sides to arrest the motion immediately. “Baby, wait, you’ll hurt yourself!”
“Of course, Maggie. I promise. That’s why I bought the phone before leaving, so we can exchange numbers and stay in touch, yes?”
“They are at risk of extinction, Dean!” Castiel replies, suddenly very animated. “If they die, we die! We all have to do what we can to feed them and keep them alive. Plus, they work so hard, and give us honey. Did you know that, if unopened, a jar of honey can keep indefinitely? That’s how precious honey is and-“ the man cuts himself off, his blush coming back with a vengeance. “I’m sorry, I’m rambling. Gabe - that’d be my brother -“
On one such night, they are fighting over the remote controller like their life is at stake, until they end up slumped on the couch, panting as they’re holding one end of the remote each, and staring at each other.
The first time he went to Cas’s house, Dean didn’t take more than three steps inside and didn’t even bother taking his leather jacket off before he had Cas on his knees right there in front of the door, which somehow one of them had miraculously managed to shut close. He was so pent up that he ended up being rougher than he had planned and literally fucked Cas’s face and gave him a facial for the first time. And wasn’t that a sight. Those bright baby blues and those soft lips, parted while Cas took some deep breaths and swollen from the attention they had given to Dean’s cock, adorned by Dean’s come.
“Castiel.”
“So, Jimmy, can I ask what made you choose this blanket? I mean, it’s fucking ugly.”
“Does it hurt?”
“I would never put you on the spot like that, my amazing boy. Trust me when I say that you will only need to let me gather you in my arms and listen.”
That smile will never not be supremely beautiful. “Hello, Dean.”
The evening’s going so well and Dean’s feeling so relaxed he hasn’t noticed they’ve both cleaned their plates of every last bit of food until Jimmy says “Thank you, Dean. This was delicious. I hope you’ll let me at least wash the dishes before I go?”
(See the end of the chapter for
On Friday, he takes all but ten steps inside the club and he’s ready to admit that hooking up with someone else is the excuse, and hoping to see Cas is the real reason why he’s here. His shortened breathing and the lump in his throat are pretty clear indications of that. He’s not excited at the prospect of meeting and getting to fuck someone new, like he usually is. He’s a nervous wreck.
Unlocking the screen shows him that he has a few messages, all replies to the texts he had sent to his family and closest friends earlier, to let everyone know he had got to New York safe and sound and was in the process of settling in.
– Dean to just get in him. Nothing better than bossy Cas in bed.
Which is why Dean decided to pay his boyfriend back in kind. Two could play the game, right?
memory foam. All his muscles, as well as his mind, feel rested and refreshed, and he experiences that warm feeling of being ready to get back to reality in top shape that only a good night’s sleep can give you.
Dean has also started calling him ‘Cas’ more and more often, especially when he’s particularly relaxed, like when he sends his goodnight text, which he’s never failed to send since the day at Sarabeth’s. Castiel has been letting it slide every time without ever correcting him like he had done at the conference. It’s like an unspoken sign that Castiel is slowly acknowledging that things between them are shifting and he’s no longer that interested in keeping a safe distance between them. He’s starting to think he doesn’t
, gulped and shook his head no, thanking the gods that the music in the club was too loud for his pathetic submissive sounds to be heard.
Those are the last coherent words they say. And Castiel’s okay with that. There’s still so much to talk about, but all the most important things have been clarified, and all that remains is sealing those promises with a final act.
“Because you only want
“That’s a whole new level of kinky, baby.”
This man is gonna have Castiel on all fours ready to crawl and follow him around like a puppy. Castiel can only hope he’s the kind of man who uses his power wisely.
The nights Cas spends at Dean’s become the highlight of Dean’s week. Cas insists on helping as much as he can to “earn my keep, Dean”. He starts by having Dean teach him how to use the washing machine and the dryer, so he can take care of his own laundry. Then he suggests he could also help in the kitchen, which is how they end up cooking their dinners together and even start trying out new recipes. Dinner time is usually spent talking about anything and nothing in particular, but it’s always a chance to learn even more about Cas. Like his love for literature and the fact that, now that he’s fairly presentable for at least a couple of days after spending the night at Dean’s, he’s taken to spend those days in the public library, which is both warm and full of novels. Even though that’s still not ideal, Dean can’t help but feel happy about it. Whenever he has any proof that the help he’s giving Cas has an effect not only on the nights he spends at his place, but on the rest of his days too, he feels marginally better at the idea of Cas still being homeless. That doesn’t mean he doesn’t hate with a passion whenever Cas talks about
They don’t usually bring their marriage into their scenes like this, but this isn’t a conventional scene either, and Castiel would lie if he said he minds what’s just transpired.
Waiting until they got home after the party was not an option.
A green light. ‘If you wanna tell me, I wanna know. If not, it’s OK, go ahead, I trust you’. Cas truly was perfect.
boyfriend.”
Dean’s clearly trying to slow down his breathing and force his brain to cooperate enough to form words. “That bedside table, top drawer. But, um, I’m clean, so-“
Logically, Dean knows they should slow down and talk. He still has no idea what this is for Cas. But he doesn’t want to. He
Thankfully, Novak’s one of the best at what he does too, he’s extremely precise and literal in his note taking, so he gets assigned to Dean’s cases more often than not, seeing as his are usually the most sensitive cases going on at the courthouse and no one wants the bad guys to walk free on a loophole like the proceedings not being transcribed correctly or in time.
He then started mouthing at Cas’s cheek until he got to his ear. He kissed the lobe and let his tongue swirl around it a bit, which earned him a sigh and a little shudder from Cas. Ears were a sensitive area. Noted. Dean’s tests were yielding important results he was cataloguing with great attention for future reference and use.
“What? For real?”
Then his face turns serious, and Castiel knows Dean’s about to ask something he really wants but he’s not sure he should ask for.
Cooking together and doing grocery shopping together seem important to Cas too, so much so Dean feels dirty if he even entertains the idea of doing either thing on his own for even a second. So, of course, they always cook together and do grocery shopping together.
“No, Jimmy, not like that. I mean, on the couch.”
Love was joined by regret when he sang that “Your love is thick and it swallowed me whole, You're so much braver than I gave you credit for” and that “You are the bearer of unconditional things, You held your breath and the door for me, Thanks for your patience”. And when Cas dropped his gaze for the first time and his voice wavered when he whispered more than he sang “You're the best listener that I've ever met, You're my best friend, Best friend with benefits, What took me so long?”, and then raised those forget-me-not blues to plead forgivenees, Dean couldn’t help but cut his husband off with a searing kiss, which prompted the people in attendance to clap and whistle, oblivious as they were of the emotional turmoil the two of them were going through.
“Very well, give me your phone,” Castiel replies while extending his hand for Dean to place his phone in.
“Yes, Dean, you have. Which is why I need to do this this way. Because if I stayed, the doubt I only befriended you because of the stability you could offer me would always be there. But that’s-,” he understands Dean’s need to sigh and think like never before. How to phrase it?
“I prayed to you Cas,
hot and even though he’s totally right, he will not give his husband – or his
That’s also the first of a string of similar evenings. Dean goes to the club, sees Cas there more often than not, they stare at each other for some time, until he or Cas break the spell by letting some other guy get in between them. Dean invariably gets morose and jealous when that happens, picks some guy to take back home, and leaves the club making sure Cas sees him leaving with someone else every time. He can’t even bring himself to feel guilty about turning on his bedroom eyes when he looks at Cas as he’s leaving with them. He keeps hoping against hope to get a reaction out of Cas. He keeps hoping that he’ll make Dean the exception to his one-night stand rule.
Yeah, like that’s not the saddest fucking thing that’s ever been said in this house.
“Shall we?”
He spent the rest of the day ignoring his phone and determined to let Cas stew in his own juices, resolving he wouldn’t get in touch with him, but, rather, wait for Cas to crawl back with his tail tucked between his legs. Oh, how he was gonna make Cas work to earn his forgiveness. He could very vividly imagine the exact shade of crimson his ass would turn when Dean was done with it.
Ever since then, every family member, including those unrelated to Dean and Cas by blood, has been irrevocably in love with their babies, protected them and spoiled them rotten. More importantly, they all play an active role in the twins’ upbringing. They do everything in their power to spend as much quality time with them as they can. They fly to New York as often as possible and basically kidnap the kids when their parents bring them to visit their family in Kansas. Dean and Cas do not usually see their children for the whole duration of their holidays back home, because “You always have them to yourself, don’t be greedy.” They all video call Dean or Cas every day and spend entire minutes making funny faces at the kids and talking to them as if they could understand what Cat and Will are saying. The four grandparents spoil them rotten, their uncles Sam and Michael buy them educational toys all the time, while Gabriel takes care of the funny ones. Their aunt Charlie buys them geeky toys and clothing, their uncle Benny takes care of constructions (for Cat) and musical toys (for Will), while Balthazar buys them designer clothing (but only produced in a sustainable way) and takes them out at least once a week. In theory, he does that to give Cas and Dean some alone time. In practice, he wants the kids to himself for a few hours because he loves them as if they were his own.
He honestly doesn’t know how he feels about that. He doesn’t think they have enough time for him to be opened up properly, and he hasn’t been fucked in days. More than a week, in fact, seeing as the last time they had penetrative sex Cas had been the one to bottom. But he also
Dean doesn't mind. He quite likes it, in fact, to be kept in place by the full weight of Cas's body, while he's enjoying the afterglow of their spectacular fucking and Cas is still snuggled inside of his ass.
Dean looks at him quizzically, but Cas makes a small gesture with his head, clearly meant to tell Dean to go ahead and do what he’s said, so Dean does.
‘Oh, wipe that smug smile off of your face, Dean,’ his brother Sam’s voice orders him in his head. ‘Sorry, Sammy, can’t do. I was
– lips again seemed like the right thing to do. So he did. They could both use the reassurance. And Dean had grown damn fond of that mango and coconut chapstick Cas had developed an obsession for. “And in any case we’re past all that, aren’t we?”
warm, for the first time in months. And I ended up oversleeping.”
a date turned date.
“Sure,” he replies with a smile that he hopes is reassuring and not a confirmation that he was thinking about fucking him in any conceivable way just a moment ago. “Thanks, Cas.”
When Dean’s eyes land on Cas, he’s hit all over again by how beautiful he is and how much he feels for this man.
He shoots a text to his dad telling him he’ll be forty minutes late as he’s waiting for his breakfast order to be ready, and he goes back to Jimmy within twenty minutes.
“I want you to take me out now, baby boy. You can kiss and lick my cock, but you cannot suck. Use your tongue and these precious lips of yours,” Castiel says while hooking his thumb on Dean’s lower lip, pushing it down a bit, “not your throat. I wanna see this pretty cherry lipstick you wore for me all smeared.” When he sees Dean leaning forward without unclasping his hands – because he’s
The stunned silence that followed that declaration had been
Then he starts talking, and opens up about the reasons why he ended up on the street. He was fired from his job at an accounting firm. His boss hated him because the dude was a fucking homophobe, but Cas couldn’t prove it because he
, let’s add a little jealousy to the mix, that’s even better. Cas and Benny get along fairly well, but his boyfriend suspects Benny has a thing for Dean, which Dean knows isn’t true, but isn’t above exploiting a tiny bit every now and then to spice things up.
Cas is mollified, Dean can see that, but he
much, I want them to
He ended up caving in just before going to bed.
Cas smiles then, and his eyes smile just as much as his lips this time. “Goodbye Dean,” he finally says, as he starts retreating. He takes one last look at Dean and turns around, walking out of the bedroom.
“You didn’t pay attention. Dean loves you very much.”
“Indeed you can, Lord,” said the angel to his right. “Anything you desire is yours.”
He opened his arm and breathed in, the air feeling no different than before, except maybe a little happier, a little more hopeful.
“Lord–”
Jack and Castiel remade Heaven in six Earth days and took the seventh day off, because it was hard not to give in to humorous pettiness when you had emerged triumphant in a war against the Old God.
And then they were gone.
And for the first time Castiel looked at him through the eyes of the angel rather than the man, through the eyes of the creature rather than the father, and
would Dean not mourn you?” Jack asked, completely at a loss for the first time since he took it upon himself to become God. A thought suddenly gripped him, cold and cruel. “Did he say anything mean?”
Jack fell into step besides Castiel, not looking at him but listening intently, supernatural senses tightly reigned in to allow Castiel to reveal himself at his own pace.
A touch, on Jack’s flesh, on his shoulders, but he couldn’t focus. He saw Castiel and his human face and his wings and his grace, big and small, alive and dead.
“I made it quiet.”
“You didn’t think he would be mourning you,” Jack whispered, understanding dawning on him. Castiel gave a half-shrug, looking bothered, and looked away again.
“Dean will like it when he gets there,” Castiel finally said, and something in Jack squeezed painfully. It might have been Amara, or what was left of the personality she developed during her few years on Earth. Or it might just have been him, Jack, the nephilim boy that he was trying not to let go of, for Castiel’s sake.
word of God! Excuse me, but all you all stupid?”
The tales of Amara showed him as power-hungry, from the moment he was born. She assured Jack that he was never going to be the same as Chuck. But hadn’t Jack been power-hungry? Hadn’t he been starved for something, too?
Love rang true as Castiel wrapped his arm around him and told him, “I’m so proud of you, Jack.”
“There is
“Humans can do plenty of harm,” Castiel grumbled, but he was still smiling, proud in a way that only slightly escaped Jack’s understanding. “But you didn’t answer– why are you here? Did something happen to you?” And Castiel was frowning, worried, loving, loving.
Castiel just sighed in answer. Not a defeated sigh – a dreamy, soft sigh that immediately soothed Jack’s anxieties.
That's how the light gets in
, Jack, to tell you what to do? The only thing you were made for is to live, and to do what you think is good. Your divine mission is to watch over human beings, to ensure their safety, and to love them. Not to wage wars in my name. That is your purpose, your only command, and there will never be another one, so why would you need me?”
“Look again, Castiel. Look at me.”
Forget your perfect offering
And then, a spike of worry, so sharp it almost took Jack by surprise.
, Jack thought but didn’t say. Castiel didn’t need to hear this.
Where had it come from, this raw power, this energy, this divine essence?
He was not fit to be God.
“Not exactly, but yes,” Castiel sighed. “He was their father in the same way I was yours.”
Jack inquired.
From then on, Castiel started splitting his time between Earth and Heaven, still following Earth’s timeline, or more accurately, Dean’s timeline. He had that happiness about him now, one that Jack relished in every time it spiked, when Castiel was just about to leave to see Dean again, and when he came back to Heaven and saw Jack there waiting for him.
“Dean.” A smile, soft, on the human face; a fluctuation of grace. Warmth.
He sensed a hint of embarrassment from Castiel.
All but one.
“Jack, I can’t– The angels, they don’t want me around.”
“You’re wrong, Jack, they care about you too much to be afraid of you,” Castiel said with conviction, blue eyes boring into Jack’s human ones, and grace flaring with a protectiveness that endearingly tried to blanket the boy in him only to break itself over the incommensurable vastness of God.
Love, like what shone in Castiel’s eyes whenever he was near Jack. Whenever he spoke of Dean and Sam.
He didn’t specify that he could have found out at any given moment since he became God. Somehow he didn’t think that was fair.
What if the power turned him mad, like it had Chuck?
“I was the one to tell him,” Castiel began, then took a long pause that seemed to fill up the space with a momentous truth. “That I love him.”
“Jack.”
And when it was done, the angels looked upon the world with wonder and love, and Jack thought he finally understood them.
“No, I–”
He didn’t exactly feel afraid, per se, as it seemed that his human emotions had all been tampered with by the raw divine energy coursing through his being. But part of him knew that seeing him like this would only hurt her more. This was the same reason why he kept his distance from Sam and Dean, no matter how many times Castiel asked him if he wanted to come down to Earth with him.
Silence fell on the court. The hymns quieted. The remaining Seraphs of old exchanged nervous glances through their vessels.
“Do you want to come with me?” Castiel offered after another moment of quiet reflection during which he apparently made a decision.  Somehow, Jack could tell he was only asking out of care for him, and not a real desire for him to come along.
To his surprise, Castiel looked bashfully down and his grace moved fretfully as if trying to hide from Jack’s all-seeing gaze.
“I know.” Jack extended a hand, still smiling. “Come with me. We will rebuild Heaven into a place where it’s good to be, with no leaders or followers, if that’s what you want, and once we are done I will restore your grace and your wings, and you can visit Dean. He misses you.”
“I’m glad,” Jack offered, and Castiel finally seemed to let go of his remorse over letting Dean suffer for longer than was necessary.
It was Naomi advancing towards him now, righteous fury barely masking her fear.
“What are you doing?” he asked the angel that was diligently carving sigils into it.
, all the people that Sam and Dean had ever loved and saved, all here, all safe.
And as Castiel departed from this plane, he left a rainbow in the heavenly sky.
“But you don’t
That made Castiel laugh, a joyful sound, and his grace seemed to vibrate with it, iridescent even through his corporeal form.
“Jack? Are you okay?”
“It doesn’t matter. I will tell you everything in time. Come with me to Heaven.”
“God is not a
“I know,” Castiel answered fondly, sending a smile in Jack’s direction.
“Did he also tell you nice things, before the Empty came for you? I never could figure out what kind of happiness you could have experienced.”
“How are Sam and Dean?” Jack asked eagerly the moment Castiel reappeared by his side. He immediately noticed that the emotions the angel was broadcasting were all over the place, a mix of profound happiness, regret and sorrow, swirling around him like a hurricane that Jack resisted the urge to soothe, wanting Castiel to express himself.
Jack was about to make his wish to relinquish his role as God at once known, when one of the newer angels spoke up, its whole shape trembling in desperate supplication,
“Technically, you can, Lord,” said a very scared-looking angel. If angels could sweat, this one would have been soaked in fearful perspiration.
The disappointment emanating from Castiel matched the way his face fell and hardened, something of the soldier he had been visible in his eyes.
As it turned out, being a hands-off God meant that the only thing left to do was either let his consciousness dissolve into the universe, or patiently watch history unfold. It might have been entertaining to watch what humans were up to in Heaven, if Jack had known anyone personally. As it were, the only human he was eager to see was his mother, and he still hadn’t worked up the courage to this.
“The Old God left us and now you want to leave us too?”
that was coursing through Jack was a testament of this. Death had never been the end.
he is.” Another deep and meaningful silence. “And that made me happy.”
“I don’t love humanity through God,” Castiel had answered. “I love it through the man I love. The other angels and I aren’t that different.”
“It’s only been seven days because we made it so,” Jack pointed out, surprised that Castiel had forgotten the intricacies of the passing of time on the metaphysical plane. But then again, Castiel had been on Earth for a long while. It had changed him. “You could go back and find him after the moment I left Earth, you wouldn’t have been gone for long.”
“So Chuck, did they–”
It was silent after he spoke, save for a sound that he soon identified as the slow engraving of a stone tablet.
“Castiel, don’t.” A hand on his shoulder– gripping the trench coat. Threads of fabric under his fingertips. Jack tried to remain grounded. “I’m still me, I’m still–”
, Castiel thought. Jack heard it.
“This is Sam and Dean’s father,” Jack said. It was not a question.
“Castiel,” he called out into the Empty, and from his voice the angel took shape.
Silence?! Try
“We are,” Dean says, smiling just as widely now, “and I cannot
He should, however, have enough time to ask Cas where he wants to take things from here. He won't leave this apartment before he knows that.
Is this man even real? Because Castiel is starting to think this is all some kind of very elaborate dream. “I don’t tell people about her, usually. But I. Wanted to share this. With you.”
is Dean’s first thought.
. People make mistakes! We all do. And when we are presented with evidence – plenty of evidence, I might add, in this case – of someone acknowledging their mistakes, and working hard to make up for them, evidence of actual change, then forgiveness is not an option, it’s a duty.”
“It’s not your fault Dean. She flirted with you. I just didn’t think I’d ever see the day Dean Winchester wouldn’t flirt back, especially with a woman that pretty,” Castiel says with a tone he hopes will take some of the heat out of his words. Partly because Castiel knows what he just said is a lie, as he’s seen Dean turning down more than one pretty woman, and man, at the conference. Partly because he genuinely appreciates how Dean put a stop to what could have become a very uncomfortable situation before it even took place. Still, he’s curious to hear what Dean will reply.
“C’mere,” Dean says, because as amazing as what’s Cas doing is, Dean’s getting oversensitive and his dick needs a break. His mouth doesn’t need one, though. And it’s eager to taste Dean on Cas’s lips and tongue. Dean
“I’m going to ride you, My Heart, and I’m going to make myself come on this giant Alpha cock of yours,” his Dom says while fixing Dean with an arched brow that means business, and Dean’s not even a little bit ashamed of the whimper that leaves his lips.
He learns that Cas went to college, and is still friends with, that half French half British dude who transferred to Lawrence High when Dean was in his sophomore year, Balthazar. Apparently, Balthazar made it his mission to get Cas involved in a
“You talk about something you’re passionate about,” Dean completes for him with an indulgent smile. Only to continue before Castiel even has a chance to reply, “So if I want to see you light up like a Christmas tree, I can ask you to talk about bees or foreign languages. Noted,” he concludes with a playful smirk.
“Green, Sir,” Dean replies, and his voice sounds a little dazed.
As they visit the exhibition, which is surprisingly interesting, and learn about KGB concealment deceives, crypto and cypher machines and spy radios, Castiel tells Dean the reason why he wanted to visit this particular museum is that he’s of Russian descent.
When he raises his gaze, however, he isn’t met with the judgement and disappointment he expected. Dean’s face has visibly softened and his eyes seem a little shinier than they were a moment ago.
That’s how Hotel Eden was born: a beautiful, quiet place, good enough for both peace and sin, just like its biblical namesake. Castiel was interested in creating a welcoming and peaceful environment, but he wasn’t so naive that he didn’t know what happened behind the closed doors of a hotel room more often than not. And considering how religious his family were, himself and his siblings having been named after angels and the whole ‘you are disowned because homosexuality is a capital sin’ bullshit, he saw this name choice as a golden opportunity to say a not so subtle ‘fuck you’ to his parents and their religious fervor.
He knows his smile is definitely warmer than the one he gave Dean the day at the High Line. “Hello, Dean.”
stupid.
. If his confidence reached Mars before breakfast, it’s in
“I didn’t ask you if you have a reason to be jealous. Only if you are.”
He puts on his bathrobe, trying to suppress the feeling of belonging that inevitably surfaces when he sees it hanging next to Dean’s, and realizes it’s been washed since the last time he’s used it, as if Dean wants to be sure Castiel has everything he needs whenever he comes around, no matter what day of the week that is. He washes and has the bathrobe ready just in case. Castiel likes to think that means Dean wants him around as often as possible. The logical part of his brain supplies it’s just Dean being an incredibly nice and welcoming host. As the toothbrush in the cup by the sink, the sponge in the shower and the clothes to sleep in on the bed always demonstrate. Castiel likes to think of those things as his. He knows they aren’t. But they make him feel at home, much like Dean, when he thought he’d never feel like that again.
They were a solid couple. They had been together for four years, and married for two when they started the adoption procedure. The fact that they had ticked the box indicating they were willing to adopt kids from any ethnicity and/or with special needs had allowed them to jump straight to the top of the list of prospective parents when the twins were given up for adoption. They were the son and daughter of a teenager who had decided not to keep them, and the boy had Down syndrome. Dean and Cas had hesitated at first. Down syndrome is, after all, one of those conditions that you can never predict, not fully. It can bring about physical pathologies, or impact on the cognitive or physical development of the child, and you will only find out about it when the child hits that specific threshold in their growth. They read about it, talked to parents of children with Down syndrome thanks to an association they are now members of, and generally tried to understand whether they would be up for the challenge. They wanted to make sure they would be able to be good parents for the boy and his sister, rather than running the risk of taking up the responsibility when someone else might be more qualified for the task. Ultimately, they resolved, the situation wasn’t really different from any other parenting scenario. Even children born with no similar conditions could struggle later in life and a huge part of being parents consists in being aware that you have to be ready to face what life throws at you and your kids, even when you don’t feel ready at all. They realized being parents meant first and foremost being willing to always be there for their kids, no matter what. And they were. They
“Your fingers, Sir,” his perfect boy replies without missing a beat.
By the time the second Thanksgiving came around, Dean convinced Cas that they should tell Cas’s family the whole truth. For one thing, he felt like they – he – would never be able to truly be over it if it remained this huge secret they had to be always careful not to spill. Secondly, they weren’t the only people who knew. Dean’s family knew, Balthazar knew, Charlie and Benny knew, and with their relationship being well past its first year, gatherings of both families and friends were bound to start. If any of them spilled the beans unintentionally, or
for yoga.
Until now, that is. Because now it seems to be all he can think about. Dating men. Dating
Cas comes screaming, his climax literally fucked out of him by Dean’s words, and Dean follows a second later, fucking thankful to be finally able to let go. He collapses on Cas while he’s still coming and stays there for long moments afterwards, riding out his orgasm and thrusting inside of him with small, slow rolls of his hips until his dick gets oversensitive.
“Yes. My grandmother on my mother’s side was Russian, and I have always thought, as a kid, she was KGB. Still do, to be honest.”
So money was
“Here, why don’t you try one of these?”
That statement alone makes Dean shiver and his groin tingle. He can just imagine Castiel ordering him to get down on his knees while naked and wet and fixing his unforgettable forget-me-nots on Dean. Dean’s knees would hit the floor so fast he’d probably make himself dizzy.
Having both managed to wrestle the twins into their jackets, they’re finally ready to leave the house and embark into the delightful adventure of running errands on a Saturday with two two year old babies.
meet every day.
Dean knows
Then it’s not.
Here we are my lovelies, the last but one week of posting. I can't believe we're almost there. Next week the last chapter and epilogue. Thank you all, so, so much, for the love you've given the fic along the way. I hope you know how important your support is.
cashing in several lifetimes worth of luck earned in some epic battle against the forces of evil for the salvation of humankind in a previous life. That’s what Dean Winchester was doing right now. There was no other rational explanation for the perfection of this moment. Cas was literally all of Dean’s filthiest dreams rolled into a single man.
"Don't move, I'll be back in a minute," Cas says, with a shy smile beautifully in contrast with what they've just done, only to leave a lingering kiss on Dean's lips and then get up from the sofa.
“It is.”
and that makes him cry even harder, because he knows that once Cas gets home and takes a shower his smell will be gone and it will be like it never happened, like they never happened, and it’s fucking unfair. “Dean,” Cas tries again, cupping Dean’s face with both hands and trying to bring Dean to look at him. “What is it, sweetheart? Did I hurt you?”
“You did, sweetheart,” Dean confirms, because fried brain or not, he won’t allow his huge-hearted boyfriend to spoil this for himself. “I love that you did this for us,” he adds before kissing Cas on his full, plush lips. “You’re beautiful like this,” he then says, before rolling his hips up enough to remind Cas why they’re here.
He knee walked on the bed until he could take his place behind Cas and let his hands roam freely across his body, in a way which reminded him a lot of their first time. There were far less clothes involved this time, and far less unfamiliarity. It was in no way less thrilling, but it was certainly glorious to feel like he was exactly where he belonged now. As the rightful owner of the body his hands were currently skirting along, of course, and in no other sense. That’s what all of this was about. Just an owner making use of the body that had been freely offered to him. Primal instincts and shit.
space at last; about getting familiar with his new neighborhood and having stopped getting confused about the metro; about meeting his new boss and colleagues and getting along with basically everyone, even though the jury’s still out on a couple of colleagues he’s had a few bumps with because “I look younger than I am and people somehow take that as a sign of lack of experience, or strength of character” – meaning someone didn’t take Dean seriously because he’s too good looking to also be a smart businessman, which is something Castiel himself has had to deal with a time or two; Dean tells him about face timing with his family and friends all weekend long and how his brother Sammy (“It’s Sam, actually, but, you know, I have my annoying big brother duties to perform”) has been making fun of him for “finally snatching a date with the boy you’ve been pining for since you were a junior and that I honestly thought didn’t really exist”. Sam was a fresher when Dean was a senior, so Castiel missed him by one year and has never met him. He didn’t even know Dean had a younger brother. But that’s not the most relevant piece of information in that statement. Castiel is actually stunned by how straightforward Dean is about his pining for him. Dean did say he had been thinking about Castiel since high school the very first time they talked at the conference, but Castiel had sort of taken it as a hyperbole. He’s realizing that it very much was not, and that Dean’s putting himself on the line without reservation. Castiel could easily stomp on him and do as much damage as Dean did in high school, if not more.
he was baking. Cas loves Dean’s baked goods. ‘And your non-baked goods too, hehe,’ the fourteen year old that lives permanently in Dean’s head supplies, causing older Dean to stifle a laugh in spite of himself. Gosh, he’s a giant idiot, he can only hope Cas won’t notice before Dean’s put a ring on it.
He could only sigh at the thought. That was what Castiel really wanted, wasn’t it? He wasn’t going back to Lebanon to go back to the bunker, or hunting. He wasn’t coming back because he needed a place to stay, or he missed Sam. He honestly didn’t miss hunting. And even though the idea of seeing Sam again was making him happier and happier by the minute, he had always been in touch with the younger Winchester, and could have arranged to meet him any time. And he didn’t need a place to stay. He had a place to stay, one that he even liked. No, he was going back for his hunter. He was going back for his love.
“Love you too,” Cas replies, frantically kissing Dean now. When he stops kissing him, Cas fixes his impossibly blue eyes on Dean’s and starts laughing, as if he’s suddenly realized something supremely funny. “Dean,” he says, between a moan and a laugh and a punched out noise – because Cas’s actions might have made Dean’s rhythm falter a bit, but he hasn’t stopped fucking him and he has no intention to – “We’re getting
“If you wanna tell me.”
Dean wishes he could say he’s a strong man who wouldn’t moan like a two cent whore in reply to that, but he isn’t. He definitely isn’t. He’s completely hard now, his dick red and heavy against his belly, and he has no intention of touching it with a single finger until tonight. He’s gonna do exactly what Castiel told him to do. Well,
When Dean showed him the food he had brought, Jimmy tried to object. “Dean, I can’t, you-“
“Forever,” Cas confirms.
He supposes starting with some catching up is as good an icebreaker as any.
Since that first, blissful morning, Dean has taken his sweet time having breakfast and chatting with Castiel. He never seems to be in a hurry, which Castiel attributes to him being his own boss and thus being able to schedule his working day as it best fits his needs. And his needs seem to revolve around slowly but surely eating every kind of food and drink they serve – he even confessed to be trying hot tea with honey for the first time in his life and liking it far more than he thought he would – and getting to know Castiel. Because their conversations are never purposeless. On the contrary, they’ve talked about one thing they like or dislike a day. If music was the topic of conversation Dean chose on day two, his car was the topic of day three. It didn’t take Castiel much to connect the dots, even though he’s pretty sure his brain melted a little when he realized that
“Dean.”
Dean smiles and goes to do just that, while Cas grabs his wine glass and hands it to him. “Here, it’s your favorite.”
Dean’s really trying not to thrust up into the hot, wet heaven of Cas’s mouth, and he’s really trying to look unaffected, lest someone realizes what they’re doing, but damn if Cas isn’t making it almost impossible for Dean to control his reactions.
Castiel moves around the table so he can lift his boy in his arms and bring him back to the couch – it’s not easy, as his baby is getting heavier the older he grows and Castiel’s getting older, but he’s going to carry his beauty around for as long as he possibly can – where he lays him down carefully.
“Mr. Winchester?”
That had never happened before. Cas
have someone who loves him. But then why is he homeless and alone now? Did he run away? Is he trying to escape something, or someone? Or was he really so alone that he ended up on the streets and no one was there to prevent that? Did he have a job, lost it and lost everything else as a consequence? He didn’t have any savings then? And how did he lose his job, supposing he had one? Was it his fault?
“Fifteen years,” Dean corrects immediately. Only to realize a second too late how eager and pathetic that makes him sound. Whatever. It’s true. He is eager and pathetic for this man.
“And wherever you are, it’s not too late. I should have stopped you. You’re my best friend but I just let you go. ‘Cause that was easier than admitting I was wrong.”
Dean knows for a fact that Jimmy’s trust isn’t misplaced. He can only hope his own isn’t misplaced either. He guesses he’ll know soon enough.
“Yeah?” That damn brow will be the death of him. There is exactly nothing Cas couldn’t make him do when he uses his dom brow like that.
he’s deposited his load in it, so he can use his own come as lube to fuck him again once they get back home, is an
The truth. That’s what’s about to come.
Finally, Dean started circling Cas’s little hole with his thumb, while at the same time letting his tongue swirl around the head of Cas’s cock.
“Color?”
Castiel isn’t big-headed.
It’s been eleven days since Dean checked in now, and Castiel found out that Dean and the car driver are actually the same person during their morning conversation over breakfast on day three of his stay.
things they haven’t tried yet – or when they feel the need to include more impact play than usual. In any other case, Cas gives Dean very few directions in terms of how to get ready and allows Dean to float in subspace from the very beginning, knowing that he has no decisions to make whatsoever, and no expectations to see fulfilled. He just needs to let go completely and trust that Cas will give him what he needs, will take care of him and will stop everything right away should the word ‘Red’ ever be uttered.
turn you down. You have a home here whenever you want. I did pass by your spot before coming back home because I could tell tonight would be freezing outside, but you weren’t there, so I thought you were at the shelter.”
He comes silently, his noises swallowed by Cas’s mouth and his eyes locked with Cas’s, so he can see the naked joy, overwhelming and pacifying, Dean’s feeling. When Cas comes inside him less than a dozen thrusts later, Dean kisses him with all the feelings he can muster, physically tired, emotionally drained and sexually sated as he is right now, thinking that he can’t wait for the day they’ll stop using condoms. Because that’ll be the day Dean gets to finally feel all of Cas, and because that’ll be the clearest sign that no one else gets to touch any of them anymore.
In the following two months, Dean surprised Castiel yet again by never calling. He would’ve bet good money on Dean taking the first available opportunity to call, no matter how flimsy the excuse. Dean would have either tried to prepare the ground for making sure he already had Castiel – and his support – in his pocket when he got to New York, or he would have got as far as try and get Castiel to help him sort out things to move to the city. But he did neither, and after a few weeks Castiel simply concluded that, being the smart man he was, as much as it pained Castiel to admit it, Dean must have realized that Castiel wouldn’t be easily impressed, and must have decided he was more trouble than it was worth.
“I like...marking.”
“How do you wanna do this?”
are the only things Dean can do while he’s on hold.
His tongue becomes more insistent inside of Dean’s mouth, fucking it with the same vigor he wishes he could use to fuck his ass, but which Castiel needs to withhold, for now.
So when the stream of Christmas presents was finally over and he realized most of the new presents could substitute old things he barely ever used, he made a revolutionary decision. He decided to donate to charity some of the things he wouldn’t use anymore, or that he had stored away with the tags still on.
again.”
Oops. Dean’s words might have got away from him a tiny bit. Let not be said that, when Dean Winchester finally decides to do something, he does it halfway. Once the dam gets broken, it’s fucking
“So they couldn’t place you at the shelter?”
“Do you want to be the one to deal with her tomorrow morning when she realizes we let Will sleep with us but not her?”
Now please enjoy these two having their first convo ever and Dean shedding a bit more light on his teenage self's actions. Also, it's time for an apology.
That stops him dead in his tracks alright.
“Wait,” a light bulb switches on in Dean’s brain and he pulls back a bit to look at Cas’s face. “What did you mean when you said we should make the most of the garage while we still have it?”
“You did?” Cas asks, and the hopeful smile on his face, as if Dean’s pie is the biggest gift in the world, makes Dean want to fall on one knee right away.
“Cas...tiel-“
Admittedly, Jimmy has never challenged Jiminy Cricket for the crown of the most talkative of them all, but he seems to have completely lost the ability to communicate beyond single phrases. And there’s not a single muscle in his body or face which isn’t tense. He’s clearly wondering what the fuck possessed him to say yes. Dean can only try and be as welcoming as possible and hope that’ll be enough for Jimmy to come to believe he’s not in danger.
They don’t do this often enough. Sure, they’re sickeningly in love and all their friends love to make fun of them for it, while not so secretly wishing they could find something similar for themselves even knowing that the kind of chemistry, unconditional trust and love Dean and Cas share isn’t that easily found. They aren’t afraid to be very affectionate with each other, constantly hugging each other while they cook, or lounge on the couch at the end of a long working day, playing with each other’s hair, rubbing each other’s back and arms soothingly. When Dean and Cas are in the same room, they’re likely to be touching somehow. So Cas can’t say they don’t cuddle. They do. And sometimes they even manage to make love sweetly, slowly, without falling into the spiral or hunger and desperation that has always characterized their sex life. That uncontrollable need to be inside each other that gets the better of them more often than not and leads them to fuck passionately, roughly, like two lost lovers who haven’t had a chance to be with each other for a decade rather than the boyfriends, who share a house and wake up next to each other every morning, that they are.
had made him. He’d felt like crying when the first touch of hot water cascaded over his body. He had forgotten how a long, relaxing shower could make you feel. How loose your muscles could be afterwards. How your head could suddenly feel empty of anything but the sound of water on and around you. For Castiel, not being able to wash regularly is one of the hardest part of homelessness, together with hunger and the cold, which is what led him to accept Dean’s offer of a warm shower in the first place, as crazy as that was – even though it certainly helped that Dean
Their conversations always flow so easily too. They never seem to run out of subjects to discuss and even when there’s a lull in the conversation, the silence is never awkward or uncomfortable. It’s companionable.
Castiel’s chuckle is indication enough that he’s perfectly aware Dean is a flustered mess right now, but he doesn’t mind. “Alright. Have a good day, my beautiful boy. I’ll see you later.”
He leaves the bedroom to go take a shower and his breath catches in his throat when he sees there
“I know, baby, sssh, I know,” Dean soothes, “I want it  so much too.”
“And if you aren’t ready yet I’ll totally understand and wait for as long as it takes. But if you are, I’m here ready to start building that path right away too.”
“The hotel! They say the hotel is beautiful!” Dean ends up saying while what he’s thinking is ‘Even though the hotel can’t hold a candle to its owner. Damn, look at those lips’. Dean thanks the good night’s sleep and the refreshing shower for the uncharacteristically good performance of his brain-mouth filter today.
“Would you like to remedy that?” Dean asks, looking at him with intent.
He had
, I love it.”
The tears start falling and he tries to conceal them, he really does, but he sniffs and Cas hears it, of course he does, because he’s attuned to Dean just as much as Dean is to him, and turns around to fix concerned eyes on Dean. That’s too much for Dean, the concern and interest and undivided attention in those eyes and he can’t stop his sobs from being obvious, and loud and absolutely damning.
The wanton plead breaks Dean’s resolve. He groans, pulls out and flips his disoriented and squinting boyfriend over so he can enter him again and enjoy how Cas’s eyes widen momentarily and then shut tight while he moans.
Jimmy’s chuckle in reply to Dean’s grin is the first sign he’s shown that he’s finally calming down a bit. Good. Dean really hopes this will be the beginning of the relaxing break from the hardship of his life on the street he’s meant to offer Jimmy from the start.
Novak ducks his gaze in response, but Dean will not have it. "No, baby, none of that, look at me," he coos more than orders. Novak obeys, as he always does. This man will be Dean Winchester’s end. "I need you to see that I really mean it when I say you’re perfect," Dean says, his pleasure taking a back-burner for the time being, and his hands gently stroking Novak's hair and face. "And I feel very lucky that we're finally doing this."
‘You could run your fingers through it, see if you can help.’ Dean’s brain is clearly full of ideas this morning. Dean hopes it will just
Jesus, this man knows how to make a man feel like a deity.
He thanks Carl and closes the door, so he can bring the plant back to his living room before going out, and notices there’s a note. ‘I saw this on my way to your place and bought it on a whim. Forget-me-nots have always made me think of you. I hope you don’t mind taking care of this plant, I’ll take it if you’d rather not. Cut flowers are just sad and an ecological disaster. Can’t wait to see you.’
Speaking of total creeps, there’s still something they haven’t exactly clarified.
tire of this slutty side of his otherwise proper and perfect boyfriend. When lost in the heat of the moment, Cas can get a mouth so filthy it can give professional whores on fleet week a run for their money. Dean will be forever thankful that
didn’t know what rimming was until your tongue was in my ass.”
That was the last time Dean ever heard Sam warn him about Cas. He was definitely gonna buy Jess a jewel or something for her birthday this year.
does. Those little high-pitched whimpers, those half-suppressed groans, those deep moans straight from the back of his throat. But it’s better if they don’t attract attention, and Dean’s not sure he’ll be able to behave himself if he also has those sounds to listen to, in addition to that perfect dick to jack off and those soft lips to kiss. He’s also the kind of man who loves to be in control of his partner’s pleasure. He wants to silence Novak just because he
And he had to hand it to his boy, that had been a great idea - hands down in the top three of Dean’s best fucks ever.
made him supremely happy. Then he fixes him with the most serious glance he can master and asks, “And do you plan to keep it that way?”
He used to be the kid who was walking on the wrong path as a way to react to a shitty family situation. With a mother dead way too soon, an absent father who turned to the bottle as a consequence, and a younger brother Dean felt the need to take care of, lack of money and adult guidance made stealing seem like an easy way to get by.
Back on the High Line, Dean was giddy with happiness and seemed so carefree and honest, a boyish grin plastered on his face the whole time that made him appear even younger than he is. He had also seemed genuinely stunned when he saw Castiel approaching, unable to formulate a coherent reply and, apparently, even a coherent thought. That did inflate Castiel’s ego quite a bit. Which is what has Castiel worried now. Is he thinking clearly? Or is he letting Dean’s clear attraction to him, and the attraction that, try as he might, Castiel just cannot not feel for a face and a body like that, get in his head?
“Shit, Dean, fuck-“
night” – had given him pause and made him question his choice momentarily with how blatantly she was checking him out, the room he’s in now only confirms he was right all along.
Watching Jimmy being so unsure and tentative as he walks in the direction of the bathroom is both the cutest and the saddest thing Dean’s seen in a long time. He needs to get busy with dinner like now or he’ll make himself really fucking disheartened just thinking about it.
Deans whines. He cannot not do that. He’s such a lucky son of a bitch. His boyfriend – his future fiancé and husband – loves to be full of his cock, revels in it, loves riding him and lying himself bare while Dean’s still fully clothed. They’ve mapped out, kissed, bitten, licked, sucked, touched, stroked, massaged, kneaded every inch of each other’s bodies, make no mistake. But Cas has a thing for clothed sex. He claims it reminds him of how hot and desperate their first time was. Dean can’t say he disagrees.
“You heard me.”
of his omega the other alpha might be – the voice in Dean’s mind yelling at him how fucking patriarchal it was to pass such a harsh judgement based on the alpha’s physical appearance alone wasn’t loud enough to be listened to at the moment – if they were mated, Dean would walk away without throwing a tantrum.
“Yes, why do you look so surprised?”
“Cas? Cas, I hope you can hear me.”
. Enough to make himself as vulnerable as possible and accept to share a bed with him. ‘No funny business buddy, remember you promised’ his head cautions.
to do, in fact.
100% clear.”
“I-, um, thank you, Dean. I’m
no funny business. Cas has been through enough today as is, the last thing he needs right now is for someone to try and get in his pant when he’s at his most vulnerable.
When Castiel finally started seeing men again during his sophomore year, it was never more than a fling. Mostly because Castiel couldn’t help but being always very guarded, waiting for the monster to show its ugly face, like in high school. Castiel can still remember how he had been excited when Dean had started flirting with him, staring back and trying to make him jealous while kissing others but looking at
“Well, shit. I had never thought about it like that but... that makes a lot of sense, actually.”
“I’ll admit that’s what I planned to do at first.” Dean’s chest aches with the pain Castiel’s confession is causing him. None of this was real?
. Where you make plans and text and call and date and talk and dirty talk and sweet talk and are...boyfriends. That’s what they are, aren’t they? Castiel And Dean are boyfriends. He should probably talk to Cas about it, and it’s not like labeling what they have is a priority right now, but that’s basically what they are.
“Not exactly. I occupy the last floor, which I have turned in my own apartment. It’s convenient, since I own the building, and allows me to take care of the breakfast shift without having to wake up too early.”
Dean moans even louder then and Cas says “I don’t think I need to be too careful, with how many men you’ve left fuck you these last few weeks.” Dean would be mortified, if he wasn’t so far gone already and if the hint of jealousy in Cas’s voice wasn’t making him feel better about not being the only one hung up on the other. “I‘m right, aren’t I?”, Cas challenges, unnecessarily. They both know Dean has been fucking way more men than it’s strictly normal lately. “You’ll be open and ready in no time,” he comments, as he adds a third finger and starts scissoring Dean far less carefully than he had the first time they fucked.
“I figured that was the case. You know, from the honey, the sheets, the shower products and now,” Dean points at the backyard, “the bushes.”
Collecting himself at the very last instant, he’d smiled and told Dean “That can be arranged,” before bidding him goodnight and taking his leave.
“And they are staying on at home too. I’m just gonna push them aside while you stay on your hands and knees as I take my time to prep that sweet hole properly, before I fuck it until you come in them too.”
It was only in the late spring, when the weeks and months had kept passing and Dean and Cas were as solid as ever, that Balthazar finally accepted to have drinks with them. That was the first of a number of awkward meetings in which Balthazar would take any opportunity to get a rise out of Dean by insulting him or belittling him in that overtly polite British way of his. Dean never took the bait though. He forced himself to remain calm and collected, to remember Balthazar had a reason, a good reason, to be so guarded and protective of Cas and just took every opportunity to share as much of himself as possible, in the hope that Balthazar would see he was at the very least an OK dude. Dean didn’t need them to be friends, but he – they, Cas and him – needed Balthazar to at least be able to tolerate Dean. Dean didn’t want Cas to have to choose between them. Not only because, being theirs a fledging relationship in comparison to an almost twenty year long friendship, Dean wasn’t sure Cas would have chosen him. But also because he could see Balthazar wasn’t trying to be a dick for fun. He was
“Because my name is one of the few things of mine that I have left. I didn’t know you, Dean. I didn’t know that I could give you something of mine and you wouldn’t take it and run with it. I honestly didn’t expect to see you again. I figured, once you’d done your good deed and appeased your conscience, you’d be gone like everyone else.”
when I’m done, so maybe you’ll give me a break and let me have some peace of mind before you need to come back for more”, Cas says, as his fingers slip out of Dean’s hole and the blunt head of his cock presses against his entrance.
"Just-" Novak starts, but loses steam and doesn't go on.
Cas smiles and opens the door, allowing Dean to walk through it before closing it behind them.
Cas runs out of patience pretty quickly, he always does when they get like this, and starts unbuckling Dean’s jeans without stopping their making out, using his teeth to nip at Dean’s lips when his tongue needs a second of rest.
“And I understand the attraction,” Dean continues. “Hell, if someone can, that’s me,
But when he finally saw Cas again, the first thought he had was that he’d have washed all of their cars, inside and out, and even waxed them, wearing pink panties with a puffy white tail and a headband with rabbit ears too, if that had been what it took to have that. The chance to at least look at Cas from up close. Because he had seen his fair share of pictures of him, official ones. The one on his company website, the ones released after conferences or charity events. But to see him again for real, while being in the same room, was definitely the first step of his dream coming true.
“I thought his name was Jimmy?”
,” Dean tells himself out loud.
Dean sighs contentedly, but scolds himself one second later, because he doesn’t need to waste time daydreaming about the man. Not anymore. Cas is
“Dean, that’s too much trouble.”
“Yes.”
all over again, and Dean’s fucking glad he doesn’t own a sewing machine because he’d certainly be using it to make his own pink dress right now if he did.
Castiel manages not to rise to the bait, even though his cock is rising alright, and they spend the rest of the dinner chatting comfortably, both clearly intent on avoiding mine fields like discussing people or events from high school.
Cas laughs, surprised. But he’s smiling, so Dean’ll take it.
“And, um, does that home include a family too? Maybe a partner?”
was how Cas had planned to confess his love to Dean. That the split-second decision Cas had made after Balthazar had taken that chance from him, when he claimed that he might take it back “one day”, was about this very moment. Cas had decided there and then that, if it couldn’t be the song he confessed his love with, it would be the first song they’d dance as a married couple. Dean’s heart was barely able to contain all his love and devotion for the man who was keeping him safe in his arms when that realization hit. Cas had already been thinking about marrying him that day.
“Nothing beats the natural beauty of this world,” Dean catches himself at the very last second before adding something corny like ‘except you’, and says instead “which is also why I can’t wait to go to Central Park and explore every corner.”
idea to
hit on his boyfriend every chance he gets.
“Oh yeah? You wanted to see the cheerleaders jealous and annoyed?”
That’s also when Novak’s eye-fucking of Dean begins.
to be pumped full of Dean’s come – still one of the hottest things he’s ever experienced and will probably ever experience. He screams so loud it’s frankly a miracle someone’s not called the cops yet and he buries himself in the warm channel of his boyfriend’s ass to the hilt, stilling his hips as his cock shoots strip after strip of come into Cas’s perfect hole. It seems to go on forever, and his breathing is so short and loud, and he’s hot all over, his damn clothes drenched in sweat and come and plastered to his body, and it’s all so damn uncomfortable but he
“But that means that you yourself have to wake up super early to be here when the first guests start coming down for breakfast.”
He kept going on his downward descent, leaving open mouthed kisses on his beauty’s delicious abs and super sharp hipbones.
Their sex life was basically non existent the first six months after the adoption, both too tired and sleep deprived, while the kids fell into what has by now become their regular routine. It started going better when the kids started to sleep for longer after dinner and before waking up in the middle of the night. That’s when Cas and Dean, after spending a few weeks catching up on some much needed sleep, started allowing themselves to have some quality time as a couple. At first, they would exchange quick handjobs and blowjobs, in the fear that one of the twins would wake up and cockblock them before one, or both of them, could find release – which happened more than once and totally ruined the mood. In time, they got back to having a more regular sex life, Cas taking his time to open up Dean before sliding into him for some lovemaking that could be as sweet as it was rough at times, depending on the mood of the day. They both discovered they had a kink for Cas keeping Dean quiet with his tongue down his throat or his hand on his mouth to avoid him being too vocal and wake up their children. They still both have a thing for sex during their morning shower, before Cat and Will wake up, and Dean finds it endlessly hot that his husband can be both the man who fucks his face roughly after ordering him to his knees at 7 and the doting father who plays pickaboo with their twins to keep them entertained while he changes their diapers at 7.30 – as per their agreement: the one who gets a blowjob in the shower also gets to change diapers while the other warms up the bottles for breakfast. They sealed that agreement with a kiss after the umpteenth time Will decided that peeing on one of his dads was the greatest idea. The urban legend that changing a girl is less risky than changing a boy?
usually read stuff like that – one of the hippie/for positive thinkers and yoga lovers/new age magazines lying around his brother and sister-in-law’s place and was slapped in the face by one of the articles. A piece about how clinging to material things, even though we never use them, is actually damaging for our psyche. Because it strengthens the idea that we might need them in the future and, implicitly, that our future will be lacking and we’ll want for something. The article suggested to get rid of what we don’t need or use, make room for new things and let go of the past and, in so doing, give the future the benefit of the doubt rather than believing we “might need something.”
Castiel closes his eyes and leans his head against the headrest of the couch, placing a hand on his boy’s head and sliding his fingers through his soft hair. He finishes his whiskey like that. His eyes closed, enjoying the feeling of the ministrations of his boy’s tongue and lips on his dick, while he’s relaxing with a good drink. Castiel’s seriously wondering why he hadn’t thought about this particular role-play before. He knows for certain now that this won’t be the only time they engage in it.
With a sigh, he sadly decides to relent with the heavy flirting. He almost starts feeling sorry for Dean’s ass. With how much sexual frustration he’s accumulating just tonight, he’ll end up positively destroying it the first time he gets to bury himself in it.
So Dean couldn’t really say their sexual relationship was suffering. It wasn’t. He couldn’t help but notice how certain small details had subtly changed though.
cock he has, with how much that delicious dick stretched his lips when Dean got down on his knees for him after he finally got him naked. But being drop dead gorgeous and having a big dick don’t guarantee the guy will know what to do with it. This dude here though? This one knows
He’s taking a look around to decide which table to sit at when-
“I insist. Please.”
, but at least that meant Cas had soon grown disinterested and hadn’t been opposed to some hardcore tongue action. Dean hadn’t been home more than one hour when Cas called him about the papers and asked Dean to go to the garage and get them for him. His tone brooked no argument so Dean didn’t object, even though he knows Cas doesn’t remember correctly. As a business owner himself, he knows how crazy taxes can drive you. Plus, ‘Happy boyfriend, happy life.’
“God, yes,
“It could have been us, Dad. Sammy and me. If you and Mom hadn’t adopted us, who knows what would have happened. We’d have probably been separated, going from foster home to foster home, only to be spit out of the system at 18. And,” gosh but Dean’s becoming a pro at speaking through the lump in his throat, “you and Mom taught me what matters is someone’s heart, not their social status. And he has a good heart. He’s just been very unlucky. Please help me giving him a second chance. Sammy and I got one. He deserves one too.”
“Immensely better. You have no idea. I-. Thank you, Dean. So, so much. I haven’t felt this...alive in so long.”
will sleep on the couch, but considering how much cold you got tonight, I thought this could be a good thing. Um-, my brother and sis-in-law got me these plaid sheets for this bed for Christmas last year, and they are super soft and super warm, much more than cotton sheets, so I thought they’d be perfect for you tonight.”
That makes another wave of heat rush through Cas and he can’t help dropping his gaze again, under the pretense that he needs to focus on Dean’s left foot, while a pleased smile appears on his face. He can hear Dean taking another sip and can
His thoughts stray from time to time to the organization of his day. He had meant to unpack before heading to work, but he’s obviously taking more time than he thought he would with breakfast, and has no intention of cutting it short. Who knows if the owner of the place supervising breakfast is a regular occurrence or not. Dean needs to make the most of this chance. But he has a recording session at the studio he cannot be late for, so unpacking his bags will have to wait until later when he gets back from work.
He sits down for the time he needs to pour lube on his fingers, and then gets to work. He almost feels like he’s having an out-of-body experience, when he starts kissing Dean’s mouth and circling his hole at the same time. Dean hisses at the first contact and mumbles “cold” before bringing his hand to the side of his neck and use it to pull Castiel down into a kiss. Seems like Dean wants to be kissed as he’s being prepped too.
It works like a charm, because any sign of guilt disappears in an instant, to be replaced with wicked determination.
When Dean disappears into the kitchen, Castiel takes deep breaths and gets himself back under control. His boy knows how to ruffle his feathers alright. But he won’t give into temptation before he’s gone through all the items on the script he’s got in his head for tonight. He wants to give both Dean and himself a birthday to remember.
“-taken?”
“To eat? For breakfast?” Cas replies, with an amused smirk. Dean’s totally been caught. Just as well. If Castiel doesn’t like the attention, he’ll find a polite way to let Dean know his interest isn’t welcome.
But Cas had given him his phone number, so now, two months later, step three would begin.
necessary to propose? Can’t Dean, like, propose now and buy the ring after breakfast? No? OK. Point taken. Stupid conventions.
“You sure, sweetheart?”
he spent facing unimaginable pain and torture. He could only see the ten when he hadn’t been able to. Castiel suspected that also had a lot to do with Alastair’s words about Dean not being strong enough to avoid breaking the first Seal. Castiel had tried even back then to let him understand that it wasn’t blame that fell on Dean, but fate. But he was already too late. Castiel would never forgive himself for that. And for asking Dean to torture Alastair for information and leaving him alone with the demon, because he hadn’t discovered Uriel’s betrayal on time.
“In the shower first, and then of course I thought about our tattoo, so the wedding, and the song,” Dean replies, not missing a beat. His inability to reply with anything but the most complete honesty to his husband’s questions is so legendary by now that no one even tells Dean what they got Cas for his birthday or Christmas anymore, because they know there is just no way Dean will not tell him.
“Oh, hi. I didn’t know you were, um-"
Dean had suspected as much, but-
“But you couldn’t come like this, could you?”
Castiel’s confusion kicks up two notches. “The reviews say I’m beautiful?”
Dean’s busted. Totally, completely busted.
When Castiel had enquired as to why Dean wanted to go see those specific places with him, Dean had confessed he actually has two ‘must-see’ lists. One of places he wants to see and one of ‘places he wishes to see
Dean feels a surge of protectiveness flare inside of him and tightens his hold on the man on reflex. "Of course, baby," he confirms, pecking Novak's lips for good measure. "I'll never give you pain unless it gives you pleasure. We'll try and if you're not into it you just need to say 'stop'. I have others plans for you, anyway," Dean says, because he thinks reminding Novak of his promise might be a winning move to help the man relax a bit.
“That’s not what this is. You’re the first person who‘s shown genuine interest in me in so, so long. The first person willing to help me without expecting anything in return. I can’t-, I
This way, no one else will see, that’s true. But Castiel will
He opens the buttons of his slacks and pulls down his zipper to give himself some relief but doesn’t shed any of the clothes he still has on – his suit jacket long forgotten on the floor in front of the door. There’s something extremely hot about doing this clothed while Novak is completely naked and vulnerable. It makes Dean feel even more in control, and he’s ecstatic to see Novak’s OK with that. The restroom wasn’t a fluke then. This man likes his man to take charge. And take charge Dean shall.
When they finally get in bed, they both fall asleep quickly, the exhaustion of yet another day as parents of two very active two year old children, not to mention the bliss caused by their recent orgasm in the shower,  catching up to them instantly.
“Oh Dean, no, don’t apologize. It’s-,” Castiel cutting himself off to sigh isn’t a frequent occurrence. Dean’s anxiety is back in a heartbeat.
“I, um, I woke up alone.”
“You love it.”
“You like it, don’t you, when I fill you up with my cock.”
“‘What’
he – makes Cas feel.
is worse than being called 'Sir' by 20 somethings. That‘s started to happen more and more frequently and Dean feels like an ancient Egyptian relic every time. Especially as, while Dean is still in that limbo between baby face and grown up, his gorgeous boyfriend has officially joined the salt and pepper club, and him becoming a total Daddy was apparently included in the membership. He's exactly the kind of mature and still totally in shape man Dean himself would have drooled over when he was barely legal.
When he comes out again, Dean has him slide under the covers and puts the tray on his lap. “Dinner in bed?” Castiel asks with a grin. Dean’s smile in reply is a small, pleased one. This is not the first time Castiel’s noticed that. Dean is a nurturer. He loves taking care of others. If there is a girlfriend or boyfriend somewhere, they are immensely lucky.
“So putting myself in that position would be pretty fucking stupid,” Cas says as he’s putting his t-shirt back on, so that his words come out muffled and his hair, alright fucked up before Dean got to put his hands on it and which has officially been upgraded to the level of bedhead™ after what they did, gets even wilder.
Cas is already in bed, sitting with this back against the headboard, the sheets bunched up around his waist, his hands worrying the fabric, his teeth biting his plump lower lip.
And how free he is to run his mouth. “Finally – oh god – I, ah, spent the whole dinner wishing I could just bend over the table and get fucked then and there.”
Dean’s quiet acceptance, bashful smile and dropping gaze in response do
But it had become less and less fun as the days passed, an unexpected urge to just jump Cas as soon he opened the door overpowering him instead.
Then his hands dive straight for their target – Dean’s hole. There’s no doubt in either man’s mind who’s gonna bottom tonight.
“Yes.....?” Leaving his words hanging in the air is usually indication enough that he’d like for the other person to tell him their name. Not this time. Either the man hasn’t got the hint – totally possible, considering he’s currently busy surveying the food in his hands as if it might explode – or Dean’s the only one who gives stuff for free here. Then again, he’s also the only one who’s in a position to do so.
“Hey man, how about some dinner?”
All of that also meant that, at first, Will being able to remove his shoes on his own was cause for celebration, because it meant he had acquired better mobility in his hands. But in time it had become a game for the boy, and having one of his dads chuckling whenever he did it didn’t help the baby understand that yes, shoes were annoying, but they had to be worn to protect his little feet from the cold and various hazards. Walking the line between welcoming any progress as a sign of development and disciplining him wasn’t easy, and Cas was right that they needed to do it together.
So does Castiel. That’s what’s happening here, isn’t it? He’s having fun. So much so it’s been more than one hour and he hasn’t even realized it.
And he can only extremely thankful for his incredible boyfriend. And for the color blue.
use this scarf again, and soon. An image of Castiel placing it against Dean’s throat while he fucks him from behind, much like he’s about to do, while his hands hold one of the scarf ends each and use it to make Dean arch his beautiful back while his Dom splits him on his cock appears in Castiel’s mind eye before he can stop it. He won’t use the scarf tonight, but that doesn’t mean Castiel won’t find another way to turn the delicious image he’s just had into reality.
That’s the end of the list of explicit requests Castiel made: heels, thong, plug. However, in consideration of the special occasion, he also told Dean that he could add a few items to the ensemble of his own choosing, to make sure he’d feel as comfortable and as pretty as he wanted.
“You are too stressed out to think straight, you’ll never solve this rationally in this state.”
“I’m gonna take your silence as confirmation, baby. I’m glad we agree,” Cas quips in a sweet tone that speaks of smugness more than anything. “But you don’t want to make me wait any longer, do you, baby?” Cas coos, more a command than a request, and that will never not make a shiver run through Dean. He loves it when his boyfriend is that demanding. “C’mon, Love, c’mere. I need you in me, Dean, and you know how much I
“Cas?” Cas tilts his face up, leaving the sanctuary of Dean’s chest, to frown at him.
“That’s literally the best gift one can give me, Dean. If you’re trying to woo me, consider me properly wooed.” Castiel says with a look he was told is “a smolder”, whatever that means, that he knows for a fact has left a few lovers on wobbly legs in the past. He would wink playfully, like Dean usually does, expect he doesn’t know how to wink to save his life. So channeling all of his sexual attraction for this man in a look to make him understand how very much changed his attitude is will have to do.
‘Crap,’ Dean thinks, ‘Cas doesn’t want to get married yet-‘
Dean can’t answer, he can’t talk, he knows he won’t be able to shut up once he starts and he can’t tell everything that’s spinning in his head to Cas, he cannot dump all his fucking problems on this amazing soul, he’s already been doing that far too much, so he just keeps sobbing and shaking his head and covering his face with both his hands.
, it was just a piece of truth that hadn’t happened yet. Because he
“Do we need to have a reason?” Cas replies while he takes his seat on the pouf, grabbing ahold of Dean’s left foot to place it on his right knee in one swift motion. “Can’t I just pamper my boyfriend because I feel like it?”
He turns around and goes in search of his keys, because he’d rather not lock himself out of his apartment on his second day in New York.
“I have a dishwasher, Jimmy, so you don’t have to worry about the dishes. But, ehm, you don’t have to go, you know? Why, um, why don’t you stay for the night?”
will basically be porn for Dean.
in those terms.
“Wh-, What?”
made the mistake his boss used as the perfect excuse to fire him. His trust in the judicial system led him to file a lawsuit, and that was a huge mistake. There wasn’t enough evidence to prove the charge of wrongful termination correct. This meant that not only didn’t Cas get his job back, but he also had to tap into his savings to pay a fortune in legal expenses. Even while the lawsuit was still on, he had started applying everywhere, but with the bad references, and with him having sued his previous boss, no one would hire him. His severely diminished savings were all he had to keep paying for the mortgage on his apartment and for food, so he had to start selling whatever he could, including his car, to keep a roof on his head and two meals a day in his belly for as long as possible. When it became clear all the bridges in his field were completely burned, he started applying for other jobs, but he didn’t have any experience – his former job being the only one he had ever done, straight out of college – or he was over-qualified, or too old. When the savings account got empty, he ended up on the streets. That was six months ago now – which prompts Dean to do the math and conclude that Cas had been homeless for a little less than three months when they met.
“Yes.” A throat-clear. “Yes, we are.”
Realization dawns on Dean and he smiles broadly, before hopping on the table and lying down.
– smile is indication that that was the right thing to say. “I think I can be persuaded.”
“Here,” Dean hears Cas deep voice say, and turns around – which causes his ass to ache amazingly – to see him holding a wet washcloth in his extended hand. This, too, has never happened with other men. They’ve never cared for Dean like that.
He fell asleep then, even though he had no intention to. The months spent living in the street have changed his sleeping habits dramatically, for obvious reasons. Deep sleep is a thing of the past. He only allows himself to fall into a relatively deep sleep once a week or so – and always when he finds a bed at the shelter – clutching his measly belongings to himself. The rest of time he slumbers, and he’s always ready to wake up at the first sign of someone or something approaching. And Dean really seems to be a decent person, more than, in fact, but if the street has taught Castiel anything, it is that trust is the most precious of gifts, and shouldn’t be distributed lightly. So when Dean bid him goodnight after helping him turn the couch into a bed and headed for his bedroom, Castiel had lied down with the intention of making the most of this break from the unforgiving winter cold and the hard surface of the sidewalk, but without falling asleep. Not that that would have been an easy thing to do regardless, with all the thoughts clouding his mind. Winter had just started, how he was going to survive until spring Castiel frankly had no idea. The stuff Dean had given him and that would save his ass for some time would only help so much as winter got colder. So Castiel wasn’t really worried he’d fall asleep. Resting would have to be enough anyway. He was in an unknown house with a man he barely knew. A man who was bigger than him. And, considering how scarce food is when you’re homeless, was certainly stronger too. Castiel has been propositioned more than once ever since he ended up on the street, and been looked at as meat more often than he cares to remember, but he has managed to avoid being sexually assaulted so far. And he wants to keep it like that for as long as possible.
>> I don’t think that’s a good idea. And it won’t be necessary anyway.
He hates that so much he got as far as whining about it with his little brother. The surprising thing was, where Dean expected understanding and possibly some words of comfort, he got a thoroughly thought about and clearly rehearsed speech about how Dean was the only one in the family who couldn’t see that this Castiel person was taking advantage of him.
“You know, I’ve never been to New York before, and there are a few places I am very curious about. Like, I read about the High Line? I’d like to visit that. So we could, I don’t know, take a walk there, catch up a bit, maybe grab a bite later?”
some warmth, even knowing that his body temperature wasn't really going up. Castiel's thought more than once that that's a destiny Dean's saving him from by putting an actually hot tea in his hand and chasing the temptation of the bottle away. And then, as if that wasn’t enough, he's even offered him the chance to feel the unbelievable warmth of a proper shower again. A luxury he
. Time to stop being a pervert and to remember how to be civil.
They get in front of a door with Cas’s name on it. Hannah knocks, waits for Cas to reply ‘come in’ and opens the door for Dean with a smile, closing it behind him.
“Well, that was a great idea.”
In the end, he had reasoned, his relationship with Charlie
“Fuck yeah, beautiful, you beg so prettily,” Dean says while also unbuckling Novak’s belt so he can unbutton his pants, pull down his zipper and finally,
But it’s the fourth text that makes Castiel realize what his decision must be. It’s just a text. It wasn’t sent long ago, a little over an hour. A couple of hours after Dean’s last message and many hours after his good morning text. It just reads ‘I’ve noticed my messages haven’t gone through. Is everything alright? Hope you’re ok, lemme know if there’s anything you need.’
The metaphorical slap hits Dean square in the face, full force too, so he doesn’t even consider replying with the usual platitudes.
. Because he wants to wallow in the pride of having reduced his boyfriend to a speechless mess. The bastard. The beautiful,
is better than anyone and has a right to police others and have an opinion on who they decide to love.
talk later. And if Cas should tell him this was nothing more than sex, yes, it would make for a hell of an awkward breakfast tomorrow morning and a just as awkward last night at the hotel before Dean checks out the following morning. But he will at least have had this chance to get as close to Cas as he could. He won’t leave this hotel with fantasies. He’ll leave with
’) mean, Cas knows. But he’s got to erase Dean’s doubts before they even take full form. And the phrase ‘open relationships’ has made his possessive side roar in protest, and, well, a swift, decisive demonstration of just how much Dean belongs to him now, and to no one else, was needed.
“Don’t worry, baby, they will adore you, when they realize I adore you.”
on the menu tonight. In normal circumstances, that alone would have gotten Dean a spanking, but tonight Castiel is gonna let it slide, which he actually doesn’t know is what his precious boy is hoping for. He might just as well have done that
He fought tooth and nail to get to his position because he is well aware that a fish rots from the head down. And if he wanted to work in a company that actually has moral standards and upholds those standards, he reasoned, he had to make sure he’d become one of the heads of the fish in question. If you want something done well, do it yourself, right?
Admittedly, he might have gone a bit too far – flirting a bit with one or two of Cas’s coworkers, using a hint of what he knew Cas
That makes Dean smile in spite of the heavy topic. “My thoughts exactly.”
(See the end of the chapter for
I'll confess that I'm waaaay sadder than I thought I'd be to see these two go. I'm happy that I know they'll be happy, they sure deserve that, but I grew attached to them and their story more than I thought I would at the beginning (when I still thought this'd be a quick one-shot until my Muse went "AH! Hold my beer" on me), so I really wanna thank everyone who's read along and shared their thoughts with me in whatever form... reading, commenting, leaving kudos, subscribing, bookmarking, putting tags or comments in their bookmarks, or just simply checking this out. I've come to love this fic so much that I can't but be absolutely delighted when I know any of you loves these two sweet souls too. And I hope you know how big the smile each of you has put on my face with your feedback has been: you've all been so sweet and kind to me, I'm beyond grateful.
What attracts his attention right away, however, is a braided chest at the foot of the bed with a handwritten note on top of it stating
Thank you sm everyone for the response to the last chapter <3 I've had a great time chatting with all of you, loved it! Hope you guys enjoy reading about Cas's thought process as much as you enjoyed Dean's :-D
Or maybe not. That’s not the turn Dean was expecting this conversation to take, but he’s not gonna look a gift horse in the mouth.
He kept looking for them, but they never once looked in his direction again. Dean couldn’t seem to stop looking though. He told himself that he was just annoyed because he had lost his plaything. He even admitted to himself that he felt kind of shitty for going too far like he had. Granted, not enough to apologize. But enough that he never let Castiel out of his radar. That’s how he began to notice that Cas – that’s how he started to think of him in his head, and it will never not be hilarious to Dean that not even
“And you will, won’t you, Dean?”
put on himself. Castiel knows far too well how, once a certain image has been tailored to someone, the image sometimes becomes reality even though it couldn’t be farther from the truth. He himself has a public image that doesn’t exactly overlap with reality. Yet, he lets people believe it does, because it serves his purposes. Castiel, however, is a grown man and a professional. Dean was a teenage boy. The chances of him being trapped into his image and feeling pressured to play the part are much higher than him consciously exploiting it for his personal gain like Castiel is doing now with his own reputation.
“No? Then why did you dismiss me like that,
“You know, waking up this way isn’t bad at all,” Cas says.
“A house where our brothers can also come visit, maybe even at the same time, if they can stop bickering for a single moment, and where maybe Jack, who might be married and a father by then, could come too.” Dean adds, because that’s the most comforting part of his daydreams about their future, and the loves the idea of sharing it with Cas.
Dean reacts before he even rationalizes what he’s dealing with. He drags Cas to the bedroom, having to support almost all his weight, as the man is paralyzed by the cold. He turns the heating up on his way and helps Cas on the bed before taking his shoes and jacket off and bodily forcing him under the blankets. He goes to retrieve even more blankets to add to the bedding and then slides under them and glues himself to Cas, holding him as tight as he can to himself and whispering words of comfort. “Shh,” “It’s OK,” “You’re OK now,” “I’ve got you,” “Just hang in there a little longer,” “You’ll start feeling warmer soon.”
Dean had already decided to go straight to the point, this two-week long dance they’ve danced so far has been fun and sexy, and Dean’s really enjoyed the idea of the two of them almost courting each other. It had been so long since Dean had last taken the time to get to know someone before falling into bed with them. But he’s ready for the dance to be over, and for the real thing to begin.
“That’s not what matters the most to me. I’m showing you off because you’re as beautiful inside as you are outside, and I want everyone to eat their hearts out knowing you’re
“I was hoping you’d have a nice surprise for me,” Cas comments as his hands slide over the red lace of Dean’s lingerie.
it. God does he want it. If they aren’t careful now though, Dean will probably be too sore to go again for days. He can always be the one on top, but it’s still no joke if something tears down there.
“So now we are going back to your place and I’m gonna spank you a bit. Let’s say, ten times? And then you are gonna ride me while you can still enjoy the sting fully, until we both come. In case that wasn’t enough for you, I’ll even allow you to touch yourself. You sure can’t say your boyfriend never does anything for you.”
“You?”
Cas just smiled tightly and set off to prepare their order, which he then presented complete of a plate with the pie lacking the usual cute decorations made with cocoa or sugar powder and with just one fork.
“It doesn’t look like nothing to me. What’s going on Cas?”
He doesn’t pause or stop anywhere, heading straight for their bedroom.
"How come you need to stay at a hotel for two whole weeks? You work around here, so you’re not a tourist.”
The phone number that came written on Dean’s coffee cup as per his request and was accompanied by Cas’s little, pleased smile – that had Dean’s brain melt a little and Dean’s dick chub up a lot – was put to good use from that very day, to arrange for Dean to start visiting Cas at his place, given that Dean’s dorm room wasn’t exactly private, so they could start Cas’s training to come on Dean’s cock alone, as promised.
“This is more than a little.”
Cas laughed a little, disbelieving laugh. “I don’t want anyone else touching me anyway. I... haven’t had anyone else touching me ever since this arrangement between us started. Well, much longer than that, in fact, as you know.”
Dean’s groan is related to Cas’s words more than to the effort of flipping them so they’re lying with Dean on top of Cas – Dean’s favorite position when he tops. Cas’s head is on the right-hand side of the couch now, as it’s usually the case when they fuck in missionary here. Cas has a moment to smile to himself and think that yes, dependability is great sometimes, and it’s sure coming in handy tonight. And then Dean lifts himself up on his left arm, rests his forehead against Cas’s and lines himself up. He enters him slowly, pushing in and pulling back a couple of times, and once he’s safely sheathed inside of Cas, Dean puts his right hand on Cas’s heart and starts rocking back and forth, pushing himself deeper and deeper inside of the man under him. His eyes are fixed on Cas’s, and Cas’s eyes can’t leave Dean’s. The green is almost gone now, so blown out are Dean’s pupils. The red on his cheeks is making the lovely freckles scattered under Dean’s eyes stand out even more. Their lips brush, they are breathing in each other’s mouths. Cas loves when that happens, when they are so lost in the moment that they don’t even have enough brain power to kiss, but still can’t make their mouths stay away from each other. Cas loves to know he’s the only one who can do this with Dean, and he wants to do this with Dean always.
Dean doesn’t want to read too much into it, but he’s pretty sure there’s a jewelry at the corner down the street. They’re likely to have engagement rings too.
“It’s just... These sheets are so soft, and so
Dean falls back on the mattress, his breathing labored, his hands on his face.
Cas was literally ranting. Speaking fast, not stopping to even take a breath, getting more and more worked up as he spoke.
As soon as he’s within touching distance, Castiel directs his sub to sit on his lap with a hand around one of his wrists. Dean doesn’t offer any resistance, he never does, and sits on his Dom’s thighs sideways.
Castiel trusts Dean implicitly. He’s an experience sub, by now. He knows not to underestimate the importance of the stoplight system. He knows not to downplay his emotions and answer green when his color is, in fact, yellow, or red. Castiel is even more experienced a Dom though, and he knows that even experienced subs can underestimate their own emotional reactions in a charged situation.  That’s the whole point of a D/s dynamic and of a Dom being vigilant even when their sub floats away.
No wonder Dean had never made a move after that. How could he trust Castiel enough to do that? When the two people he loved the most had both chosen a different path when Dean was
Closing his eyes shut tight is Dean’s instinctive response. Cas sure knows how to bring Dean to his knees – figuratively and, often, literally – with just one word.
“Because even after you told me, I kept finding the whole thing laughable!” Cas screams, getting in Dean’s face and clutching the lapels of his jacket between his closed fists. “He could almost be our child and I thought you
precious boy, and adored husband, up on that stage, and making sure he’s safe is Castiel’s number one priority even when he’s not the one orchestrating the scene Dean’s involved in – and to enjoy what an absolute marvel his husband is. He literally gloats when he hears and sees the rest of the audience appreciating what an incredible sub Dean is. And Castiel gets to sleep with him every night, shower with him every morning and eat the delicious pancakes he makes for breakfast.
Novak sighs and replies, "Maybe not too intense?"
That’s when anger started to boil through Dean’s veins. He could understand not being OK, having your own shit to deal with, being in an awful mood. What he couldn’t understand was how Cas could think giving Dean the cold shower was an OK thing to do. Whatever was going on with Cas, it wasn’t Dean’s fault, and he shouldn’t be punished for it. Not when all Dean had
He’s soft. So is Dean, for that matter.
Dean comes back soon after, glass of whiskey, neat, held in both hands, wrapped in a napkin. He passes it to Castiel without a word and dutifully takes a step back, keeping his eyes downcast and clasping his hands behind his back, waiting.
“Look, that was my blanket.”
“I’m so glad to hear you say that.”
inside of himself – sooner rather than later.
him. And if he’s bothering to test him, it’s because he has a reason to do so, right? Which, of course, could be to have a field day, or a sequence of field days, while stringing Dean along. Or it could be that he wants to gauge how much Dean really wants this. Or to understand whether Dean really has changed and has become someone accountable and trust-worthy. Or maybe all of the above. Dean wouldn’t put it past Cas to want to have a little fun with him just to pay him back in kind even if he actually has the intention of giving Dean a chance. And if that’s what it takes, then that’s what it takes. Dean will accept that. It’s not like Cas owes Dean anything and is supposed to act polite and respectful. The phone call, as well as the conversation at the conference, has shown that plenty. Dean needs to earn that politeness and respect. So he can only hope that, once Cas has had his fun, he’ll find that what Dean has to offer is enough to start building something together.
“Please, Sir. Yes, yes,” Dean hurries to confirm and Castiel wants to give him the world for being this adorable even when he’s spread on a table for him like a buffet.
“I could never forget you, Castiel. You’re the first man I’ve ever had a crush on.”
It’s not that he doesn’t want to go for round two. He wants alright. He’s pretty sure he’ll want even when, hopefully, they get to round two thousand. But he wants Cas to see Dean wants all of him. His face and his body, yes, but what’s within those things too – his brain, his heart, his soul. And he wants to give him all of that in return.
Castiel could still feel how painful it had been to watch the brothers argue after they had managed to free Sam from Gadreel’s possession, on that bridge under the pouring rain. He had tried to give them at least the idea of privacy, but had been unable to step too far, not when he had finally both of them back in his life. Dean had been adamant to convince a crying Sam that Kevin’s blood was not on Sam’s hands but on his, and that he would burn for it. Again, the notion that he’d spend his afterlife in Hell. Kevin’s death certainly became one of the many items Dean had added to the list of reasons why he didn’t deserve happiness and was actually worse than the bad guys. A list that had grown longer and longer in time, with how little benefit of the doubt and understanding Dean reserved for himself.
Dean tried to explain – he even pointed out that Cas was still living in the street, in spite of the worsening weather conditions, precisely
That’s where a substantial part of his trust fund went: buying the building, restoring it, converting it into a receptive structure and having it up and running within a year.
Here it is guys, the final chapter. I must confess it feels surreal to post this update after last week's episode. I swear I didn't plan this, as I couldn't have possibly known about the Big HOMOSEXUAL Confession (Misha's words, not mine: our overlord has spoken and his words will be heeded and honored forever).
At first, Castiel hadn’t been sure that was a good idea. New Mexico wasn’t exactly far away from Kansas. But he decided to give it a try in the end. San Mateo wasn’t close to the border either and, as isolated and tiny as it was, it wasn’t a place the Winchesters might end up in by accident. Castiel had only to hope that nothing supernatural would attract their attention. Or that he could find out about it and deal with it himself, before they had any reason to get involved. Plus, he liked the name of the place. Saint Matthew was what Dean, and Àngel too, would have defined as a “cool dude”. It was comforting to go to a place named after him. So the following day he told Àngel he had thought about it and he’d be grateful if he could call his friend. He then added, with a twisting feeling in his stomach that the angel suspected was shame, that he’d also be grateful if he could tell his friend that his name was Jimmy, not Castiel. Once again, the cook narrowed his eyes for a few moments and seemed to think it through, before replying “Sure thing, Jimmy.” Àngel
“Son. Castiel.”
Jimmy will realize that soon enough.
The first thing Dean does is changing his plans. The shower can wait. He’s gonna eat his breakfast first. Even before he opens the bag, he know what he’s going to find: black coffee and a lemon and ricotta pancake. The same order he placed when they went to Sarabeth’s together. Apparently, Dean is not the only sap between them. This is gonna be
“Shhh, baby, be patient. We’ve waited so long for this. Let me enjoy it. Let yourself enjoy it.”
Dean’s really holding nothing back. “Praise kink.”
“Is that as a yes?” He asks, equally hopeful and terrified.
His fear of abandonment and completely justified trust issues could very well be other reasons why Dean was still hiding, possibly even to himself, that he was in love with Castiel. Both Sam and Cas had abandoned him in Purgatory. For different reasons and in different ways. But with the same result. And they hadn’t been the only ones. Mary had too, when she had come back but chose to go hunting with the Man of Letters rather than staying and getting to known his grown up sons. Dean had been betrayed many times in his life, but the three people he cared about the most had all abandoned him, one way or another.
“That was incredible, baby. Thank you. Now please get up.”
He builds a steady rhythm, less and less gentle as time passes and his need grows, which makes Dean get more vocal in his pleasure.
“Jack??”
“Yeah, I think I’d have been scared shitless if I had to move here straight out of college. I don’t know that I could have been that strong.” Dean adds a smile for good measure, to make sure Cas sees he’s not being ironic. He’s trying to use his body language in combination with his words as much as possible, to make Cas understand what he really means with his words. He feels like when he uses emojis during a text convo for fear of being misunderstood. God, he’s exhausted. He
At least, Dean’s not gonna be worried about Cas’s wellbeing while he’s busy making his case with his dad. He’s obtained the promise that Cas won’t leave the house today and will stay tonight too. At first Cas was super resistant, saying he couldn’t possibly stay there while Dean wasn’t at home, that it was inappropriate and shit. Dean had to remind him that he’d been there a few times already, and that if he’d wanted to rob Dean he could have done it more than once by now. The image of Cas, safe and warm, wearing his usual pajamas after his morning shower and lying on the couch with a novel in one hand, a mug of hot tea in the other, a blanket over his lap and a relaxed expression on his face accompanies Dean to work and makes him smile.
“He offers us a place to sleep, breakfast and laundry, Dean, and we can
“Yeah, well, I might... not have had as many?”
a note on the kitchen table. Next to what is clearly a breakfast delivery from... Sarabeth’s? He’s walking toward the kitchen before he even registers what he’s doing and grabs the note with trembling hands. ‘I have to start work super early today, I hadn’t counted on last afternoon turning out like it did, and I didn’t want to wake you, you needed the rest. Enjoy breakfast and call me when you are done, okay? Can’t wait to see you again. Yours, Cas.’
Dean sighs. Goodbye to having the master bed all to themselves.
make him wear a ring that’s been that cozy with his bowels.
“A long, warm, relaxing shower” is the reply Dean gets, accompanied by a chuckle and another head shake. Amused, not self-deprecating, this time.
Dean’s eyes on him. He can only imagine what those green eyes are seeing right now. Cas, completely naked, clearly aroused, loving to be so subservient to his boyfriend, sitting down and in the process of removing his boots and socks, while Dean sits comfortably on the couch, enjoying a glass of wine and looking his fill of the man who’s offering all of himself to him. Cas is well past half hard now.
, because Dean’s been
It’s not a ring box, that’s for sure, so Dean’s hopes aren’t exactly soaring and he’s still thrown by the whole thing, confusion and despair starting to creep through the veil of excitement that had wrapped around Dean when he saw Cas’s expression after finding the ring. Still, he unwraps the gift and opens the palm-size square box to find a leather bracelet inside. It’s black, and it’s one of those long ones that need to be wrapped around one’s wrist a couple of times before it can be clasped closed. It’s beautiful, the leather is clearly top quality and very durable, and it’s going to look amazing on Dean when he plays his guitar, but he still doesn’t understand what it has to do with the slightly important question he asked Cas – a question he technically didn’t even ask, but it was clear even though it is was implicit, wasn’t it?!
“That’ll teach you to flirt with other people, my love.”
. The man’s even fallen on his elbows, unable to stay on his hands any longer.
What an adorable
Dean actually smelled him before he saw him. Once the scent of cinnamon, orange and honeysuckle hit him, he turned around to find the most beautiful omega he’d ever seen waiting in line behind him. Almost as tall as Dean who, being 6 foot tall, isn’t exactly a small man, the omega had the most stunning pair of blue eyes Dean had ever seen, paired with the most handsome face. Strong jaw, pillowy lips, high cheek bones and unruly black hair that was frankly a mess but looked extremely soft and made Dean want to bury his nose in it forever accompanied those eyes. As if that was not enough, that magnificent face was attached to a strong, lean body Dean was already dying to be given permission to touch and worship.
They’re really as closely connected as they can be, like Dean wanted.
,” Novak begs in response, and Dean’s now officially certain he will never let this man go.
“Enough, precious boy,” he says, regrettably, causing Dean to stop what he’s doing right away. Such a good, obedient boy. “I enjoy your mouth very much, my perfect boy, I always do,” he adds.
Cas's faces transforms right away. From frowny and worried to delighted and pleased. "That's great, Dean. Bathroom's that way. We can watch a film or something once you're done or," he hesitates, "we could go straight to bed?"
Then he looks him in the eye and says “See you around, sweetheart,” before pecking Dean’s lips one last time, unlocking the door and exiting the stall without looking back.
“Yes.”
, just like he’s known while he was comfortably sitting on their couch not long ago, that Dean’s plugged up and ready for Castiel to use him
Castiel needs to
her own son and confessed to Cas that after the third or fourth girlfriend or boyfriend Dean broke things with after a few months because they were “not the right ones”, she forced herself to stop getting attached to them, because it would hurt less when Dean would inevitably put an end to the relationship. She then proceeded to tell Cas that she was
“You live in your hotel?!” Dean enquirers, partly intrigued and partly horrified. Living in a hotel room permanently isn’t exactly the ideal living situation for most people.
when he can taste himself in his boyf-, in his
“This what you want, eh? You’re that desperate for my cock up your ass?” Cas spits.
“You can’t do without it anymore, can you?”
They realize that, with just one shower, they’ll have to coordinate better in the future if they are to be ready on time. ‘If you showered together...’, Dean’s treacherous, bad, bad brain suggests. Dean stops that train of thought before it leaves the station.
The absence of any kind of action wakes Dean from his trance by letting him know his boyfriend is waiting for his consent. Cas would never do anything Dean hasn’t explicitly approved.
of giving Dean a second chance
“‘m not adorable,” even Dean himself can hear the pout in his own voice.
He forces himself to put down his phone and not reply to Dean’s text until he’s done with work and can finally leave the office. If he replies now, he knows all too well how that will turn out: he’ll leave at 6 rather than at 4 because they’ll start texting back and forth and Castiel will get distracted and that will slow him down.
Cas seemed so... unsure in that moment. Uncharacteristically so. His shoulders were tense, his eyes unable to stay fixed on Dean’s like they usually were, when they seemed to be trying to suck out Dean’s very soul. At the same time, there was so much hope in those eyes, and in that one barely whispered word.
Dean's assumed the person under the blanket is a man because of how big they look, in spite of being curled in on themselves, no doubt in the attempt to retain as much body warmth as possible. He gets his confirmation when the man lifts his head just a bit to look behind himself and a frowny pair of blue eyes starts scrutinizing Dean.
Next chapter up on Tuesday. These two morons will FINALLY do something about all that pining and UST :-D
, so it’s even more important for Dean to follow the protocol.
Finally,
“Of course I worry! I hate that you got hurt because the water for your tea was hotter than it should be!”
That was it. The last straw. If Cas wanted to break u-, well, to
“Oh, and just so you know, I like mango and coconut. You might want to consider getting a flavored chapstick.”
“Today.”
Hence, planning a scene that ticks off most of the kinks in the ‘Yes’ column of their contract that they have in common could only result in incontrovertible perfection. Dean, the perfect sub to Castiel’s Dom, due to his need to please and being taken care of, which perfectly balances Castiel’s need to be pleased with blind obedience while also caring for his sub, always gives his best, beyond his best, in scenes like this, even though he’s absolutely perfect even during those scenes were kinks are explored that Castiel favors more than he does.
All the other messages were always somehow justified by their coming date. It seemed like Dean didn’t want to take the liberty of messaging Castiel unless he had an objective reason to do so, possibly fearing he might come across as too clingy or overbearing, and Castiel never took the initiative of texting Dean first. Dean still had to prove himself to him, and Castiel had every intention to let him work for it.
asked.
“You were.”
Dean’s eyes snap up to meet Castiel’s and darken, and he shivers lightly at the innuendo. Dean’s never happier than when he has Castiel’s cock up his ass, and his Dom is not above playing into his anticipation. He likes his sub a little desperate – which is why he’s also made sure not to get inside of Dean’s ass in the last two days. That’s about as long as Dean can go without getting fucked and not getting mighty whiny. Truth be told though, Dean’s not the only one who can’t go more than two days without feeling the gloriousness of Dean’s ass being spread open on Castiel’s dick.
“Shit, yes,
A red flush has appeared on the man’s ass and upper thighs and Dean’s in love with it instantly. He wants more of it. He still needs to make sure Novak’s on the same page though, even though his initial soft gasps have quickly evolved into little grunts and groans and, for the last few hits,
So the following day he invited her out for breakfast in this “cozy little café I always go to”. Charlie was an IT nerd, and her department building was on the opposite end of campus, so The Heavenly Coffee wasn’t exactly one of her regular pit stops.
The next song that started playing made him chuckle in spite of himself.
That he could ever thought this man to be a monster seems impossible now. He knows he did, and he knows he had a right to. Dean
Misplacing your keys and not remembering where the heck you put them, forgetting about an engagement you yourself had suggested in the first place, having a hell of a hard time falling asleep if you eat too much sugar at dinner.
“I can’t get you off my mind, Cas,” Dean shouts, and it’s so liberating, to finally say the words aloud to someone other than himself. “I tried to stay away, but it didn’t work, Cas, it didn’t. I could only stay away so long,” he soldiers through, because now that he’s started, he can’t stop and he doesn’t want to either, because he knows that if he doesn’t tell Cas what’s on his mind now, he never will, and he thinks, he
“Yeah? Is that what you want?”
That’s so... beautiful, Castiel can’t help but think. Just like he can’t help noticing how, besides the obvious attraction, they clearly have much else in common, starting from a youth deeply impacted on by family issues that has led them both to find ways to help others.
“You like it when I go slow like this?”
Castiel frowned at that, once again surprised, and frankly a little baffled too. His office and Dean’s were twenty minutes apart. How was Dean getting to work in time, if they had to walk twenty minutes from Sarabeth’s to Castiel’s office and then Dean had to walk twenty more minutes to get to his own office? When Castiel pointed that out, Dean simply replied that he started at 9 rather than at 8 like Castiel, and that he could ask to start work half an hour later. Castiel was shocked for a moment. That was a bold move. He had just started working in his new office and was already planning to ask to start later on the day marking his first week there? Either Dean was an entitled jerk who knew that his million watt smile could get him whatever he wanted, or he really wanted to see Castiel badly enough to be uncaring of the consequences. Castiel didn’t really know how he felt about that possibility.
“Of course you did. Because you are perfect. Go on then, hop on the bed. I want you on your hands and knees.”
Dean’s present day self knows what that was. It was lust. Pure, unadulterated, unrestrained lust. The sight of those lean but firm glistening muscles, those shoulders, that chest, those abs, those arms had sent Dean’s brain into an immediate short-circuit.
fuck, give it to me,
“Please, please Cas, I want you, only you, please give me a chance, I know I’m just a kid, bu-”
“God, I wanna fuck you so bad Dean.”
Possible bratiness-induced attempt to highjack the scene aside, Dean is... there are literally no words to describe what an outstanding picture he makes.
“The extra warmth I got thanks to a certain someone helped a lot too, as well as the vitamins and sustenance in the extra food and drinks, still courtesy of the same certain someone.”
“Then Cas it is,” Dean winks. Yep, still got it, Winchester. “And It’s OK, you know, to ramble about what you love. I’m the same. Don’t let me start talking about music,” he jokes.
He shot Charlie a text telling her they’d have to raincheck because something had come up and he wouldn’t be able to make it for breakfast and decided he wouldn’t show up at the café during the day. Give Cas a sense of security that Dean had taken the hint and removed himself from the chessboard. Only to corner him one minute before closing time.
But why should Cas look so worried? Why did he imply they might not have the garage for much longer?
On the day of their anniversary, Gabe invents a number of “absolutely necessary errands that need to be completed by the end of today, bro, they just can’t be put off any longer,” that are certain to keep Cas busy and out of their apartment for the whole day, while Meg helps Dean to get everything he needs in time and organize the place to his liking.
This concludes the main story. There will be an epilogue, which I'll post on Saturday. It's not a short one, at all, but tags will be added for it, so if any of you would rather not read it for any reason, the story you set out to read is concluded anyway, which, I hope, will prevent anyone from feeling let down.
‘Love’. ‘I know the target of your flirting weren’t really my colleagues, I forgive you’. That’s what that one short word means. His boyfriend is the best, and Dean is
Dean stops and looks at him quizzically, feigning ignorance. “Mmm? Was there something you wanted?”
He’s definitely skinnier than such a tall, broad-shouldered man should be. But he’s got those blue eyes which seem to be sparkling like never before, he’s shaved, his hair is still damp and he’s wearing Dean’s clothes.
“I told you!” Dean screams in Cas’s face, uncaring of how loud he’s being. He’s
Cas fucking shivers at hearing the commanding tone. ‘Good,’ Dean thinks, ‘because I’m fucking you as soon as we get home and I will
Licking that lower lip as soon as Novak’s teeth free it, Dean tells him “You want your view? You know what to do to get it.”
Dean’s certain Cas's wrong. He was even about to say that, but he thought better of it. His boyfriend had been adamant that he’d forgotten some papers he needs to file the tax report due in a couple of days in the backseat of the Impala. He’d claimed he needed those papers desperately and sent Dean to retrieve them
,” Dean had shouted to his face – anger the most prominent of the feelings on the beautiful face of the hunter, whose perfection not even a year spent fighting monsters had managed to alter. But it was hurt what that anger was masking. Dean had been hurt by Castiel’s choice so deeply. Castiel had told him the truth, that he had done that to protect him. Which shouldn’t have been surprising – and maybe it wasn’t – since whatever Castiel did was always, first and foremost, to help and protect the same one man. But Dean had replied, in no uncertain terms, that he wouldn’t leave without him. So Castiel did the thing he loathed doing the most. He lied to Dean. He told him he would follow him to the portal, as unsure as he was that he could pass through. Knowing he wouldn’t even try to pass through. He had pulled away, because Purgatory was where Castiel belonged, because of the things he had done in Heaven and on Earth.
"But don’t worry, I’ll pause the episode when we do that, so you won’t fall behind.”
Castiel knows Gabe is right, from a strictly monetary point of view. But that isn’t why he decided to restore this building and turn it into a hotel. Castiel doesn’t need money. Well, he doesn’t need more than what is enough for him to pay all the people working for him and to live a comfortable life himself.
clearly determined to speak to him, if the confident stride of the gorgeous man walking in his direction and his eager green eyes and even more eager smile aren’t deceiving him.
Things only get better when he gets to the lobby and sees Dean is bearing more gifts. The best of gifts, in fact.
“And I-“, a deep breath , “I’m absolutely stunning with your cock in my mouth.”
“Of course. I can’t wait to see the green eyed monster take over everyone around us when they realize I snatched the most beautiful man out there and he is mine and only
“I am.”
One of Dean’s hands reaches for his neck, so Dean can make sure Cas is looking at him when he says, “You have me, Cas.”
asscheeks. So go on, baby boy, go ahead and do as you’re told,” he concludes.
Castiel knows he’s always been the possessive kind. He does. And he knows he’s learnt to deal with it in a fairly healthy way, without ever flying off the handle. But his need to feel this man as his and his only has reached a whole new level. More than anything, he wants to be Dean’s for the rest of his life, and wants Dean to be his in return.
Granted, how he could ever think Dean would be anything but perfection is the real question. His young husband and sub
That’s when Dean says “There you go,” and kisses his forehead without even thinking about it.
He resolved not to use his phone during that week and switched it off entirely. He only dared to go back to the motel two days after Dean’s visit, when he thought the chances of him still being there were next to none. Since he wasn’t leaving in a hurry after all, he wanted to retrieve his belongings. His bag with his old clothes, the novels he had bought, and his new clothes. For obvious reasons, he had never been one for earthly possessions, but he found that the idea of departing from those objects was unsettling. He figured it was because they weren’t so much objects as they were symbols. Symbols of the strength he had found to move on, even when his heart was shattered into a billion pieces. And reminders that, like he had done it once, he could do it again.
‘Aesthetically pleasing’? Well, Dean has been called far worse things in his life, thanks to his ‘soft, feminine, pretty features’, so that’s not too bad
Dean lies back down, unable to go to sleep right away when his son is still crying. As soon as Cas’s voice telling him “Hello, sweet love, you’re alright, Papa’s here,” can be heard through the baby monitor though, Will’s crying changes into quiet sniffing.
They are a thing. Cas and himself. They are in a
“No, I know. It’s just... please tell me your parents are at least a few years older than me?”
“Dean, we don’t have to-“
“Heya, Cas.”
“That’s
Dean himself has been on the receiving end of that need for help and is now one of those trying to lend that helping hand whenever he can.
He then sags onto Dean. Dean, who’s pliant and boneless under him and doesn’t protest, but wraps his arms around Castiel’s back loosely.
done was show Cas time and time again that he could open up with Dean, literally and figuratively, and Dean would always do his very best to help him and take care of him. Dean didn’t fucking deserve this. And the more he thought about the last few days, the more his confusion and concern turned into being pissed.as.fuck.
“Dean-“
lucky.
On the other hand, he thinks as sudden arousal wipes away any shyness, two can play the game.
He doesn’t want that now. Yes, Cas’s pleasure is paramount. But so is Dean’s. He wants that tranquil familiarity back, the sense of belonging that comes from having sex with someone you’ve had sex with for years, someone you love and who loves you. That comforting certainty that no matter how the sex will be – rough, sweet, quick, slow, awkward, teasing, joyful – it’s something both partners do to share their love first and foremost.
Similarly, betas are raised to become pros at suffering from borderline personality syndrome. If they end up with an alpha, they irrevocably feel the need to behave like bitches who could rival porn stars for their sluttiness, since they have tough competition from omegas, who are naturals at being sluts in bed and can even self-lubricate, which spares alphas a lot of time and trouble with prep. On the contrary, if they start a relationship with an omega, they end up acting like the most aggressive, competitive and possessive of alphas, as they need to overcompensate the fact that they don’t, in fact, have a knot and there are a lot of alphas out there ready and willing to mount and knot their omegas if need be. Either way, they are always considered – and always consider themselves – a black and white copy of the colorful original. Almost an omega or an alpha, but not quite. Many of them end up in beta/beta relationships just to avoid the constant feeling of not being up to the task. It doesn’t mean that most betas do not still suffer from a more or less severe case of imposter syndrome. They most certainly do.
It was precisely the pride and appreciation in his brother’s tone in his head that had brought Castiel back on the righteous path. If Gabriel thinks something is a good idea, that usually means Castiel should do the opposite.
A smile creeps up on Dean’s face before the message to not get ahead of himself registers. It’s... a trial. Castiel is
They have never explicitly addressed what’s between them and this is the last place Dean would have chosen as the setting for that conversation. And to be honest, he’s not in the mood for a conversation either. He’s still full of adrenaline, reeling from the day’s events, and needs an outlet for all the frustration. He’s also totally tired of their tiptoeing around each other and never doing anything about it. The trial is over anyway, the verdict will be written down by the jury themselves, so Dean’s done waiting.
Dean isn’t flirting with anybody else ever again. Not that he doesn’t like what’s going on – he loves being owned like Cas is owning him right now. He just doesn’t like the idea that Cas might be doing it because Dean’s plan triggered any kind of insecurity and made him doubt, even for a fraction of a second, that Cas is the only one for him.
“It was! I actually feel full of energy right now, so I’m gonna go, ok? Enjoy your breakfast!”
“We’ve never said this was more than what it has been, so I have no reason to be jealous.”
Dean’s eyes get soft and shiny as he tries to prevent his tears from falling. He smiles the sweetest smile, swallows again and asks, “Make love to me?”
“Alright, I’ll give you two a few minutes to look at the menu.”
bed – giving himself up to him and ready to accept whatever Dean will see fit to give him, knowing, as he does, that it will never be more than he can take.
Worst of all is that, the longer the whole thing goes on, the smugger and more daring in his appreciation the kid gets, and the sulkier and insecure Dean becomes, both of his ability to still being able to entice his amazing boyfriend and of the strength of their relationship. Because the thing is, there is a reason the kid is getting smugger. Is it really possible that Cas doesn’t see? Doesn’t he have even the tiniest suspicion? And if he does, shouldn’t he, like, put a stop to it? Or, you know, shouldn’t it be enough for Dean to have expressed his concerns for Cas to listen, even if he thinks Dean’s being a little crazy?
“I like good, strong coffee, honey, pancakes, omelette or waffles, and freshly squeezed fruit juice for breakfast. Preferably, it should be somewhere that privileges organic food. I trust you will find the right place. Your treat, of course.”
While Dean is barely more than a teenager, however, Castiel will turn 30 in a few months, so he can’t let Dean go on much longer, or he won’t be able to fuck Dean’s ass, if he spends in his mouth now. The epic pout Dean would get if he didn’t get ass-fucked on his birthday would be adorable, no doubt, but Castiel isn’t interested in seeing it. Not tonight of all nights. And he, too, can’t wait to bury himself inside of his perfect boy.
begins. He begs for Dean to fuck him, his pleads more and more shameless as time goes by.
to silence him with a kiss. His rambling boyfriend is working himself into an anxiety attack.
He couldn’t believe the day when Dean would confess his love would ever come. Whenever that thought would come knock on the door of Castiel’s mind, he always tried to fight the sorrow it caused by telling himself that maybe that was for the best anyway. If any stretch of time spent apart had taught him anything, it was that it was excruciating to be away from Dean. And he had never even had him. What if Castiel did, and then lost him again?
,” Cas curses, as his right hand sneaks between them to start fisting his dick.
And he was being so, so good too. Sucking Dean off just like he liked it. Leaving his hands on Dean’s thighs and keeping his beautiful eyes open and fixed on Dean, working to get a little more of Dean down his throat with each bob of his head.
decided to pay for the renovations the building where Dean’s apartment is located is in desperate need of. As fantastic as that is, it also meant that Dean had to find another place to stay at for a fortnight. Not being a fan of imposing on his brother, friends, or, worse, of couch surfing for that long, a hotel or a B&B seemed liked the best choice. However, he needed to stay in the area to be close to his workplace and didn’t want to spend too much on a fancy hotel. Money isn’t exactly tight, but it’s not to be wasted either. Plus, fancy isn’t exactly his style. Cozy, homey, simple, welcoming is so much more his scene. So when the time came for him to make his reservation, he just knew the perfect place. The small, well-kept hotel he always passes by when driving to and from work, with a patio and a swing, and the nicely furnished living room he can always see from the open windows.
is not true, so now I don’t know what to do, I have been going through all my files and the schedule for my next deliveries, plus the list of suppliers in this area and their prices and delivery times, but it seems like I either give in and take the abuse, or I refuse to pay and give back the products I don’t wanna pay so much for, but this way I’d run out of stuff in the next two, maybe three, days and will no longer be able to offer half of the things on the menu and two days aren’t enough to find another trustworthy supplier that I know will not charge me too much for poor quality products, and-“
OK, so, Castiel is gonna be in a suit and tie. Dean could go for a similar dress code. He too has his fair share of work suits and ties. But this is not a business meeting, and just like Cas will probably use this chance to show Dean how much he doesn’t care, Dean wants to take the opportunity to show Cas that he cares instead, and that he doesn’t want them to be colleagues, he wants to see whether they can be involved romantically. So he decides he should wear casual clothes, like he would for a daylight date with someone new which is supposed to consist of a stroll through a park and possibly a dinner nowhere too fancy. Casual dress code is anything but simple though, because Dean is terrified that he might end up looking too much like his teenage self and that would be a disaster waiting to happen. He just wants to make Cas realize that Dean really wants to date him, not trigger him into seeing an older version of the guy who was so mean to him in that locker room. So total black it is. Back in high school Dean would have never dressed in total black. He couldn’t have possibly run the risk of being mistaken for one of the emo kids. He was the king. Dean can’t help but snort and shake his head while he swallows his bile at how stupid and obsessed with his reputation that kid was. So much wasted time and energies.
Castiel chuckles when Dean’s hands go to grab and spread his own asscheeks. As amazing as the display always is, that’s not what Castiel asked, even though he doesn’t believe Dean’s made a mistake on purpose. He’s already halfway through subspace and Castiel’s never asked this of him before, so he probably thought he’d misheard.
As usual, I hope you enjoy this and hope you and your loved ones are keeping safe, wherever you are.
“There you go, Dean,” Castiel announces his return with a tray filled to the brim of steaming, heavenly smelling goodness. In no time, a cup of black coffee and a plate with golden, fluffy pancakes and crispy bacon is placed in front of his very happy nose and eyes.
"Did we just-?" Cas jokes, humor in his voice and a smile on his lips Dean can feel against his neck.
Just like Dean knows what Cas needs, Cas knows just as much about him. That’s why he moves his mouth closer to Dean’s ear and licks his earlobe before whispering “C’mon, love, come in me.
Correction.
“Lie on your belly, baby,” he instructs, and Novak complies without a word. This time, Dean assumes, because he’s too busy floating on a river of adrenaline and endorphins.
“Thank you,” Dean replies politely. Castiel’s distaste of this woman has climbed high after their little ‘walk’ to the table. It’s just poor costumer service, really, it’s not like Castiel is jealous or anything.
"What is it, baby?" Dean presses, gentle but firm. "You need to talk to me if we are to do this," he elaborates.
But every rule needs its exception, right?
But he
But since honesty has paid off so far, he goes for the truthful answer. “I’ll be honest, once I came out I spent a few months when I was a bit on the slutty side. It was all new, you know, and I felt like I needed to make up for lost time. I can’t say I didn’t do my fair share of experimenting,” and then, because he needs Cas to know, he feels compelled to add, “I was very honest though, every time. I told them I was still figuring myself out and couldn’t commit to anything.”
Dean watches her go for a few seconds before looking at Castiel. He can’t hold his gaze for long, however, and drops his eyes to the table as he takes his hand back. He then seems to remember the menu can offer both his eyes and hands something to do and grabs one, before saying “I’m sorry.”
When he finally finds the strength to separate his mouth from Novak’s, it’s just because he can’t wait any longer. “There’s not much we can do in here,” Dean says, before licking his palm and bringing his hand back around their lengths. They both moan when the gesture makes their erections press against each other. “But we’ll make do, won’t we, baby?”
The line goes dead and Dean stays there, phone still in hand, his other hand helping him stay upright by finding support on the table, and a smile, half shocked and half happy, on his face. When he realizes his knees are about to give out on him he sits down and puts the phone on the table.
man as his husband and the father of his children, and he had agreed immediately. He suggested, however, that their mothers’ and fathers’ names be also used, and that’s how Catherine Mary Naomi Winchester-Novak and William Chuck John Winchester-Novak joined the family.
Truth be told, it was never Castiel’s intention to get so personal and deep. But, in the spirit of honesty, he’s not spent the last however many days just dreaming of riding Dean into the sunset. He might have also dreamed about having a proper relationship – conversations and confessions included – with him. So maybe opening up a bit and seeing how Dean reacts will help Castiel understand whether that is on the table or not?
The red leather jacket
. I mean, it’s basically a super power! You just go somewhere else and you understand what people are saying to you.”
so he doesn’t end up doing something that might have Cas running for the hills not even 12 hours after officially moving in.
Jimmy’s bashful smile is truly a little gem. Dean needs to get a fucking grip on his errant thoughts.
A warm feeling spreads through Dean’s chest at the thought that Castiel had noticed that about him in high school. A cold feeling follows, when that also reminds him of how much they could have shared but never got to experience because of Dean’s behavior.
As he’s entering his number in Dean’s contacts, Castiel thinks about how this doesn’t mean he’s 100% convinced – and he needs to be 1000% convinced before he gives Dean so much as a peck on the cheek. It also doesn’t mean he can’t still have a little fun, as originally planned. Dean deserves that, at the very least.
knew. Knew that Dean lost his shit when he wore that jacket almost as much as he did when Cas wore blue. And that he was especially horny and needy after the
He’s not exactly eager to start a conversation with anyone. His very presence is more than enough to signal that, yes, Castiel Novak is here. Other than eating something and doing a countdown in his head from 2000, waiting for the moment it’ll be socially acceptable for him to excuse himself and go get some necessary shut eye before the official opening tomorrow morning, he doesn’t feel pressured to have any more active a role.
He just turns around and walks in the direction of their bedroom.
. Jesus, I get to keep you, Cas, I get to
Today, for example, Dean was only told to be
His face when he sees Dean coming back, boxes and bags in hand, is priceless. Dean thinks he also spotted a hint of a smile, but he can’t be sure.
Which is why he can only huff a relieved laugh and say “I don’t care, Cas.”
Luckily Charlie is in his corner about all of this. Her rainbows-and-puppies attitude certainly has a lot to do with it, but she always says she’s proud of what he’s doing and he should be too. She also never fails to mention that she can’t wait to meet Cas and that she’s sure he’s totally a Hufflepuff (‘She’s wrong, Dean. He’s totally a Gryffindor like you,’ his brain amends every time she says that. It’s
And he’s been woken up by the smell of coffee and bacon.
He starts leaving little open mouthed kisses along the whole length, which he’s still stimulating with his hand too.
Flirting a bit isn’t against the rules, right? He can still assess Dean while flirting. “So you’re a meat man, and a pie man. You’re trying to tell me you have a food kink?”
He bends forward and sticks his tongue out so fast he risks making himself dizzy so soon after his first orgasm in days.
“You know I’m – Jesus – always desperate for it. I’m a whore for your cock.”
“My shower isn’t big enough for that though.”
Dean sighs. That’s really all he can do. His husband is right and Dean should really stop caving in like that and let Cas take the bulk of being the level-headed parent. That’s unfair to the love of his life. Even though their kids are the cutest babies on earth and it’s the most natural thing for Dean to want to give them everything they want no matter what that is. “I’m sorry, you’re right. Please forgive me?”
“Dean, you didn’t have-”
Castiel cannot not have mercy now, not when his boy’s
“Please what?” Dean enquires softly, feigning ignorance and thoroughly enjoying the goosebumps his hot breath against Cas’s ear cause.
wouldn’t have been able to just forget about him. Dean’s not a regular though, in the sense that he doesn’t go to the club on fixed days, he rather goes there when the inspiration strikes, which is another way of saying that he visits the place when he’s in desperate need of dick. He’s also a one-track minder. He doesn’t go to the club to
“Well, you certainly look even prettier when you beg on your knees like that. I suppose I should let you go ahead,” Cas replies with a benevolent smile, like he’s doing Dean a huge favor. Well, he kinda is.
to believe this might be true, Dean can see that in his eyes. Believing leaves your flank exposed. You hope if you believe. And the disappointment burns so much more if you’ve dared hope for something that you don’t end up getting.
Dean’s second favorite version of Cas. Sprawled and ready-to-be-used Cas remained solidly in the first place.
Dean feels more than sees Novak gesturing at something on his left. Dean wouldn’t know for sure. His face and tongue are still buried in Novak’s ass and he’s happy to keep his eyes where they are. Thoroughly enjoying the view of the perfect hole in front of him fluttering around nothing and begging to be spread and owned.
“Is that so?”
away.
Castiel had been right at the conference then. Dean was clearly more accustomed to deal with “unsolicited interest” than he liked to be. He’s tempted to ask more about it, but the topic is a sensitive one to say the least, so it’s better to leave it be for the time being. If this will ever go somewhere, there will be time for Castiel to ask Dean whether he wants to talk about it.
Even though both families lived in the same city in Kansas, they reasoned that facing two meetings of that magnitude in the span of a couple of days would be too much. So, while Dean did take the opportunity to spend one afternoon with his family and friends, Thanksgiving that year was spent with Cas’ family. They figured it would actually be easier because Cas had never told them about Dean in the first place and would rather keep it that way, “to avoid that my brother Gabriel might take it upon himself to serve you now with all the cruel pranks he’d have treated you with back then if he had known.” Dean wasn’t thrilled, his habit of always being truthful now had become a part of his very soul, and the idea of lying by omission to his in-laws didn’t exactly sit well with him. Cas countered that argument by claiming that what had happened in high school in no way reflected the man Dean was now (“Yes, Dean, I know it was the source of the man you have become, and it is part of you, but it is something you
He cleans up in record time and walks out of the bathroom with his heart thumping against his ribcage. He’s nervous, exhilarated, eager to-
He doesn’t expect to get that reaction the first time he ever approaches him from up close, though.
“You should, Jack, you’re a bright young man,” Castiel says around an indulgent smile. It’s clear he’s thinking what Dean’s thinking. That Jack is a good kid who’s been dealt a shitty hand he didn’t deserve. What he deserves is, rather, someone who can give him a little support so he can turn his life around. Who knows what Jack might be able to achieve if he got a chance to go back on the right track.
“I love you too, my darling boy, more than anything,” he replies, bringing his arms around Dean’s front to hug him tightly.
His aftershocks haven’t abated yet when Castiel feels the pressure in his groin grow impossibly, until it snaps and he comes with one last powerful thrust and a possessive bite to Dean’s shoulder. Dean did say he likes marking. Thank
And with the flow Dean goes, smoothing out his confused expression and turning it into a pleased one while he starts walking toward the couch.
“Of course I wanna try. I’ve wanted to rim you since our first night together. We weren’t prepared back then, but we are now, aren’t we?”
As usual, thanks for the love so far, and I hope you guys like the update!
“Shut-“
It’s clear that Cas is processing and doesn’t really know what to think, or to say. So Dean takes it upon himself to get the conversation back on track.
He takes the cloth while chuckling, pleasantly surprised and so pumped with endorphins that nothing could ruin his good mood now.
Maybe he wants to see what kind of answer Dean will give him? If he’s gonna reply like the jerk he used to be?
“Never thought something I failed at so miserably could put a smile on someone’s face. But I’m more than glad that it did.”
That was the last time that Dean had been able to enjoy how those pools of blue would swipe all over him, until today.
Dean’d have noticed if anything had been left on the backseat of Baby when he parked it in his garage at the end of their movie night – gosh, the film they’ve watched
“Well, maybe I do.”
“Don’t you
Dean’s hands unbuckle his boyfriend’s belt, unbutton his jeans and pull the zipper down as Dean’s eyes never leave Cas’s. It’s only when Cas smiles a smug smile of his own that Dean, frowning, looks down.
God, he’s nervous.
His husband’s voice drags Dean back to reality. A reality where Zeus is now on the couch and Queeny is using him as a mattress, Cas has managed to put Cat in her stroller and she’s playing with her bunny plushie, while Will is still in Dean’s arms and is trying to see if he can put his whole fist in his mouth.
to him, “you were right, Dean. I
Dean in his life. He can’t risk losing him over an unsolicited crush for the man. A man whose sexual orientation Castiel ignores. He’s been curious and curious to ask about any girlfriend or boyfriend he might have, but he doesn’t want to pry and he’s frankly afraid of the answer. Even though he knows there can’t be anything between himself and Dean, he might still have fantasized about living here with him, having a weekly planner for the chores equally split between the two of them on the fridge, going to bed snuggled close to him (‘much like you two just did,’ his awful,
Jess had always had an open mind and that got turned into open arms when they first met. Ever since then, Dean has found himself pouting one time or two when Jess told him she would go shopping for clothes with Cas instead of going with Dean, as usual. He understood spending time together was essential for them to get to know each other. But couldn’t they, like, go on a coffee date? Or a
The man’s shrug and the matter of fact tone he’s used so far are answers enough, but Dean’s still not ready for the words that come next.
All these questions crowd Dean’s mind as he goes to collect Jimmy’s clothes to start a load, before going back to the kitchen to focus on the green beans and mashed potatoes. At the end of the whole process he doesn’t have a single answer, but at least Jimmy’s clothes are being washed and dinner’s on the right track.
Castiel regretted doing that. Had regretted doing that every day, ever since the day he had to see Dean’s devastated face when realization hit that Castiel hadn’t wanted to follow him through the portal. He regretted not having chosen his hunter over his mission.
Focusing on unlacing Dean’s boot gives Cas a reason to keep his eyes on what he’s doing rather than on his boyfriend, and Castiel is grateful for that. He’s feeling uncharacteristically shy, out of his comfort zone, and he’s finding it difficult to meet Dean’s eyes. He’s afraid of what he might find there. So when he hears his boyfriend’s breath hitch a little as Cas starts removing his sock and the slight hesitation is his reply “N-no, of course not, feel free to pamper away”, Cas feels relieved and emboldened.
“An absolute shame. We can’t spoil any single detail of the amazing evening my boyfriend has planned for us.”
He positions himself between the man’s legs and puts both hands on his asscheeks to get better access to his hole – enjoying Novak’s hiss when his sore and burning flesh is touched – and licks a long stripe from his balls to his hole with the flat of his tongue. Novak’s sounds change quality instantly, a soft hum of appreciation loud and clear in the otherwise silent room. Dean does it again a couple of times, coating Novak’s crack from root to top, making sure he’s as wet as he can make him. He then starts licking around his hole, circling his tongue more and more insistently until he feels his muscles relax and hears him moaning louder and louder. He makes sure to always keep both hands on Novak’s cheeks, so the man can enjoy his pleasure with a bit of pain.
work hard to earn my forgiveness for rejecting me like he did yesterday and for assuming that I was so shitty to come here and flaunt my new girlfriend in front of him like that.”
“We are?”
He tries to rein in his sad, resigned smile, he really does. He doesn’t want to play the victim here, or seem like that’s what he’s doing, or guilt trip Cas –
As he’s drying himself with the extra fluffy and extra big towel he’s been provided, Dean feels
Right! Fuckity
.” The edge of steel in her voice had been even more prominent than the accusatory one in Sam’s, and Dean had enjoyed a full HD view of his gargantuan brother folding onto himself like a scolded child.
“And you’re so good at it, you know? Of course you are, because you were
So Dean decides to give Cas as much reason as he can to forgive himself for even considering giving Dean the time of day and lies all his cards on the table.
Dean frowns and pulls back an inch. “Y-Yeah?”
Whenever Dean is interrogating witnesses he can
Cas is clearly exhausted, but relaxed, when he replies “Thank you, Dean,” without ever leaving Dean’s chest.
The more they saw each other, the clearer it became that they truly were perfectly compatible.
a guilty verdict. For the kid, sure. For justice, sure. But for himself too. For Novak. For anyone in their community who needs to know that there are people fighting for their rights.
“He’s busy with a Skype call right now. But he wants you to know that if you call again at 3.30 pm sharp, he’ll probably be free.”
“Good morning, Gorgeous. I’m like I’ve been since I saw you the first time two days ago. Sorry I’m not thirty years younger.”
“Would you like that?”
Until... “Now, I believe I’m fully within my rights to play the Make it Up to Me card here and expect that my
Dean finally realizes a conversation was going on while he was distracted. “Just the two of us, thank you.”
Then Dean clears his throat. “Anyway, so, yeah, that’s your pajamas. It’s not your usual one.” Great, so first Dean let it slip that he’s given the man a nickname in his head and now that he thinks of the clothes he usually lends Cas as “his pajamas” too. Could he be any more obvious?? Oh well, extenuating circumstances, right? Cas has shown up at his doorstep on the verge of hypothermia. Dean has a right to be cut some slack. “Um, it-, this one’s a warmer one, the warmest I have. And if that’s OK with you, we can sleep here tonight. No funny business, I promise.” And now he can’t even control his face and avoid a smile that is so embarrassed it practically screams ‘the thought of sharing a bed with you is making me feel like a giggling teenager.’ Dean’s a lost cause. “Otherwise, um, I will sleep on the couch.”
“Shhh, baby, it’s alright, I’ve got you,” Cas shushes him, pecking his lips and massaging the hair at the back of his head with the fingers of both hands as his thumbs circle his cheekbones, trying to soothe him.
asked him out. Dean hasn’t asked any of them out either, but that’s beside the point. The point being, Dean’s always being content to be a mouth and a hole for his fuck buddies, he’s never thought about any of them considering him boyfriend material. That’s what women usually do. The moment Dean gets in their panties – often thinking that they’d fit him just as well, if not better – they start talking about dating. The men who fuck him though, they never do that. So Dean’s never really worried about having to confront his extracurricular activities with men during his daylight life, as the thought of dating one has never even crossed his mind.
“No?” Cas coos. This man loves his power plays and Dean loves that he does. He doesn’t just want to fuck Dean unrestrained, he wants Dean to want it too. He wants Dean to
Because Dean couldn’t see – Castiel
Dean is absolutely proud to be an alpha sub, to be
>> Yeah, I heard you just fine earlier.
When Dean enters the building, a woman is waiting for him in the lobby and approaches him as soon as he walks through the door. She introduces herself as Hannah, Cas’s PA. Hannah tells Dean that Cas has instructed her to show Dean the way to his office. Given that she was immediately able to recognize him, Cas must have showed her a picture of him. Dean has texted Cas many pictures of himself. Cas must have kept them. Dean has to fight with himself to be able to hold a polite, mature conversation with Hannah, when all he wants to do is giggle like an idiot and smile all proud and pleased because
Cas smiles and pecks his lips quickly before resuming the work of his hips.
In truth, Dean had dismissed that thought immediately because he liked to get Cas ready himself. Take him at zero and bring him to sixty how he wanted and liked, feeling Cas’s beautiful ass give in and open up to him. No matter how many times they did that, it always felt like finding the key to opening the door to the heavens. That’s what Cas always felt to him. Like heaven.
“Off,” he mumbles between kisses.
gets Cas’s attention. Dean’s baking skills have earned him some pretty enthusiastic blow jobs from his boyfriend, sometimes
what he’s doing to Dean, his self-congratulating smirk tells Dean as much. So he’s not put out by Dean’s lack of reply, recognizing precisely for what it is: Dean’s brain being fried and useless, probably for good, because of how absolutely hot and wicked his beautiful,
Or not.
for God’s sake, blatantly check him out. Castiel stares each and every one of them into acknowledging how unwanted an unappreciated their interest is. Clearly, Dean is out of bounds. Dean’s noticed what Castiel was doing every single time, and it only seemed to turn him on. So Castiel has kept doing it anytime that it proved to be necessary, reassured by the knowledge that Dean wants to be out of bounds for anyone but Castiel.
He’s especially proud of his poker face this morning, when he casually suggested Dean that he should wear the emerald green henley Cas bought him some time ago. He played the “it’s light enough that you won’t be too warm but can also keep you comfortable if the temperature drops when you’re coming back home in the evening” card, and Dean had conceded with his signature ‘that’s not a half bad idea’ face, complete with adorably pouty lips. It was a perfectly reasonable argument for this time of year, when the days start getting warmer but it’s still quite chilly when the sun goes down.
“No, I know, I found it. And breakfast. From Sarabeth’s. Thank you, by the way, that was amazingly thoughtful, and very romantic. I-, I like that you did that, a lot.”
to help. I’d let you live here while you get back on your feet if you accepted that. I already suggested it, remember? I heard what you said, and I respect that. But I’d hoped that my offer made it clear enough that my door is
“So, I know we kinda did everything backwards. Living together before getting together and all. And I totally understand if you feel like you need your independence and to find a place to stay. But, um, I mean, you could stay here. You know? Just, instead of being friends who share a place, we’d been boyfriends who live together. Unless you don’t think it’s too soo-“
They go back to actions and touches then, getting once again lost in the sensory paradise of feeling the other’s skin, lips and body against theirs, of being as connected as they possibly can, of the friction and the sounds and warmth.
reason.
Hell,
Dean was a little bit in love with Cas’s Pavlovian response whenever Dean told him what to do in a sexual situation.
“I don’t recall anyone with that name from high school. How did you meet him?”
Apparently, the nutritious meal, the pleasant conversation, the comfortable couch and the warm blankets had done the rest.
every intention of taking care of it from beginning to end, he’s just finding it difficult to make up his mind.
“You like sucking your Omega’s cock, don’t you, Little Alpha?” Cas asks as he slows the movement of his hips until he can get ahold of his cock with the hand that was gripping Dean’s neck to guide it out of his mouth and around it, making sure Dean’s face becomes a mess of spit and pre-cum.
Yeah, Dean can relate.
It’s been years since Dean felt like he was under a microscope though, and now both families, including Naomi and Gabriel, are completely supportive. They are also completely wrapped around the twins’ pudgy little fingers and the number of their impromptu visits to New York has increased considerably ever since the babies joined the Winchester-Novak household.
“Yes, god, yes”
Castiel had had a reason, more than one even, to leave the bunker.
And his company and the companies these men and women work at are supposed to be focusing on fighting that. On finding innovative, sustainable solutions to deal with such things as the greenhouse effect and climate change. That’s why Castiel gets up every morning and goes to work.
“Then give it to me like you mean it, Dean, fucking
“because it is important that both our daughter and our son become feminist, Dean.” Dean couldn’t agree more.
date, since they were both huge fans of that stuff? Did it have to be shopping for clothes?? Dean was the perfect partner for that: objective yet always nice about it. Dean didn’t hold a grudge, or played hard to get, when she next asked him to help her buy some new shoes. Uh uh. In spite of her being a
He slowly, deliberately, starts turning around to walk in the direction of his building when Dean says “You can’t be serious”, in a tone which is both disbelieving and sad.
“Please move,” Cas replies, impatience and fondness mixing in his tone.
Cas’s pleased – read:
Dean relaxes even more under Castiel’s ministrations, having clearly understood that this is all foreplay, but that Castiel doesn’t mean to take him from behind. Not this time at least.
. He had wanted to be in her place, to share with Dean what the two of them had clearly shared.
“Shall we?”
be Dean ever had – and started working at the recording studio and learning all there was to learn. Three years later, two years ago now, Dean became the owner of the studio, when its former owner Cain left it to him without asking him a single cent in return. He just handed it over to Dean who, therefore, found himself a business owner with a little sum put aside that he hadn’t needed to use to buy the studio as he thought he would.
’ or…?!?
thank him for that later – and practically throws himself at Cas, risking to make the chair he’s still sitting on topple over and make the both of them unceremoniously crash on the floor.
“I don’t wanna soil anything, so I thought I’d stand.”
Dean must have misheard. “You... ended up without a place to stay to help someone else.”
“See that heart there? Just clicked on it and you’ll save the song as a favorite one”, Maggie had taught him the day before he left when he had shown up with his brand new phone.
That was how Dean left his job as a mechanic – but never left Bobby behind as he, very much like Missouri, had always been the closest thing to what a father
he does, because Castiel just couldn’t help himself.
After feeling like an outsider looking in for weeks, Dean wants to come home.
“No, no. That’s, um. I want that too, Dean. So much. So,
“OK, but only if I can pick the restaurant.”
"That's good, Cas. I can think of a least a couple of scenarios when that might come in handy," Dean replies, his voice lower than before too.
“You really are happy to be here, aren’t you?”
‘Sneaky bastard,’ Cas thinks, ‘he knows I hate flattery.’ Dean’s trying to see how far he can go.
“Good boy. Thank you, beautiful. I know it wasn’t easy for you. My good boy deserves a reward now, don’t you think?”
No better time to tell Castiel. “I figured as much, considering you had to be living where the headquarters of your company are. But, um, I’m actually about to move to New York. I got a promotion and will start there in two months.”
Apparently, his boy chose to add some transparent but very shiny nail polish on his toes, a wide-brimmed black hat, and an orange scarf that perfectly matches his underwear. Castiel has to mentally chuckle at his precious boy’s brattiness in trying and tempt his Dom by choosing to wear something that could very easily be used as a gag when he
