“That face,” Sam points, “that’s the ‘I have done something majorly stupid which may or may not screw the entire world and I don’t know how to tell Sam’ face.”  He heaves another breath and tries to steel himself.  “So what did you do?  If we can get ahead of it, we can minimize damage.”
“—and even with all the – as Claire puts it – ‘rampant eye sex’,” Sam can’t quite manage to keep from pulling a face, “even money was on Cas being the one to actually man up and say something.”
Dean couldn’t stop himself from bellowing to shut the angel up, his cheeks heating in embarrassment as Benny guffawed.
Dean mirrors Cas’s gesture, cradles the angel’s face in between his palms, then brings their foreheads together.  “I’m sure, Cas.  I am.  Just ….” he trails off, hesitant to admit it out loud, but hell, if he can’t be honest with Cas, of all people …?  “I’m just a little scared.”
Okay, so Dean could admit to himself that his relationship with Cas had never been exactly “normal”, whatever the hell that meant.  He didn’t have a
“Dean,” he whispered, his voice rough, gravel against his sensitive tongue.  “Dean, you say this as if you have … imagined our friendship evolving into a sexual relationship.”
As Dean strips his bed, gathers up his clothes, and hauls a load of whites down to the laundry room, he can only really think of one way to make it obvious.  Now all he needs is to find a case that gives him a viable reason to head out towards Atlanta.  Dean knows exactly where to go to get things straight – no pun intended.
He wasn’t conscious of making the decision to move, but before he even realized that the thought had entered his head, Dean found himself standing over Cas as he gazed fixedly into the trees opposite where he sat.  The angel didn’t look up as the hunter stood over him, just gazed into the forest, where Dean could hear Benny moving through the undergrowth, with a deep crease between his furrowed brows.
So he fought the brutes that growled in the dark because he owed it to Dean.  He owed it to Dean to repay his faith and loyalty with protection.  Salvation.  He meant to save Dean, with his own mortality if necessary.  He would thrust his dying breath from himself like a spear if that was what was needed to ensure that Dean survived.
Macho Bad Boy because straight-up twink just doesn’t appeal to him.  If that’s what he wanted, he’d go looking for a woman.  And even if he was looking to pick up a Macho Bad Boy, the whole pretty twink angle isn’t something he could rock even if he wanted to which he
Somehow, Cas’s manages to maneuver around Dean’s legs without unseating him, plastering his lips against Dean’s neck to resume licking and sucking and kissing.  Dean hears the telltale snick of metal and fabric working against each other and then a muffled clunk of Cas’s belt as the pants hit the floor.  Dean’s a tad more concerned with surviving the onslaught of Cas’s mouth all over his chest as he rocks his unbearably stiff cock against Cas’s stomach, searching for some kind of relief.  He doesn’t get much, but he sure as hell needs
Or maybe Dean had just gotten sloppy.  He hadn’t slept in days now, so all of his senses seemed muted and his muscles had begun to scream with soreness after even the most minor fights.  The hunter had learned very quickly in those first panic-filled days that letting himself sleep at night made him ten times as vulnerable.  Most of these creatures had senses keening than any animal on Earth and at first, he’d assumed that meant that moving at night would only put him at a disadvantage.  What he discovered, however, was that a damn vampire could sneak up on him a fuck lot faster when it was cloaked in darkness; Dean had nearly lost a freaking leg learning
Benny stopped moving all together and squared off against the annoyed seraph, a tiny quirk of a grin on his lips.
He flicked open his eyelids to see the angel pulling back from him slightly; Dean was left feeling as if those morning sky eyes could dig down to his soul just by looking into his. And though the press of Cas's lips on his had only occupied the space of a second or two, he felt as if the angel had sucked away every drop of oxygen in his lungs.
“I could allow my hands to traverse all of your flesh.  I must admit, I am a bit possessive about it.  After all, I built it back for you when I pulled you from Hell, Dean.  I crafted the entirety of your body with my own hands, inch by inch.”
He had raised the man from Hell with his own hands, rebuilt him piece by piece from a shard of his Grace.  Knew him, body and soul, because he’d been the one to give both things back to the man.  He, Castiel, had recreated Dean Winchester from the tiniest pieces of his tortured, broken spirit, had seen that beneath that fractured soul lay a pure heart and the greatest strengths and weaknesses of humanity, all wrapped into one seemingly insignificant human.  The angel felt incensed that beings existed in that world that could not, would not, ever truly understand the marvel of the man they flung themselves at so casually.
“Yeah, well, don’t tell Jody and the girls that.  Alex just bet that you would never get up the guts to tell him you wanted to have sex.  Nothing about who said I love you first.”
“And … is that a good thing?” Dean said, damning the break in his voice.  “You won’t regret it once we get back?”
During daylight, under the alternating strains of unyielding combat and fevered flight from his pursuers, Castiel could block out the presence of Dean's mind within his, the prayers that threaded through his consciousness. The tiny shard of his Grace that resided within his mark on Dean's shoulder picked the man out to Castiel's awareness, like a silver thread within a blanket of midnight, far away in the reaches of the immeasurable void that was Purgatory. The conscious sensation of Dean's connection to his Grace was what allowed the man to call him so easily as well as what allowed Castiel to travel to him with such precision when Dean was in need. These flashes of rest and silence when the angel hid within the dismal bramble of undergrowth made the connection seem like a curse, however, as the stillness in his mind made it nearly impossible to shut his friend out. The scratchy recitations of Dean's pleas agonized him, tearing at him as he clutched at his vessel's gritty hair. The few times that the prayers had given way to weeping, Castiel had all but clawed out his eyes in misery. He couldn't imagine a worse Hell for himself than knowing that Dean was in need, in peril, in
The angel’s forearm jumped in his grasp.  Dean propped himself up on an elbow and gazed up into his friend’s face.
Strong fingers plucked across the metal strings, both quiet and loud in the abandoned parking lot as Dean began.  Cas’s gaze was laser-keen intent but friendly on his face as he glanced between the paper and his friend.  With a slight hiccup in his voice, he started to sing.
Dean’s eyebrows practically hit his hairline.  “So for the next few hours, I could just keep going and going and going—”
“I told you that I don’t having any objections,” Cas said, impatient.  “I would have thought that was obvious given my vocal encouragement during our sexual encounters—”
Being unable to restrain a snort of laughter is clearly the wrong move for Dean to make at this juncture.  In an instant, Cas’s hand grips Dean’s chin so hard it’s going to leave marks and his face is so close to Dean’s that the hunter can feel the angel’s breath ghosting along his cheekbones.
Castiel straightened up from his new position reclining against the rear driver's side door and leaned into what Dean referred to as his 'personal space'. Cocking his head to the side, Castiel asked in a quiet voice, "Are you doing this?"
“Also,” Sam skims his thumb from the stretch of bare skin where Dean’s shirt rode up over his hip – which makes Dean inhale sharply – around back to cup his hand around the curve of Dean’s ass in a barely-there caress before falling away.  “You’re a fucking tease.”
“If you can’t restrain yourself, I will do it for you,” Cas growls.  He says it against the skin of Dean’s right ass cheek and perhaps because of Dean’s disobedience, when Cas reapplies himself to the task he’s merciless.
“I just … you know, I thought it might help to have you next to me while I sleep.  You know … if you don’t mind.”
It wasn’t exactly a surprise then that the hunter had turned out to be a fairly broken human being the first time Benny met him here in Monster Land.  What he’d been through on Earth – and Benny guessed that what he knew was only a fraction of the real story – was enough to break most men, so he wasn’t particularly startled by it.  As long as the hunter came through with his end of the deal, Benny hadn’t been fussed one way or the other whether or not Winchester came out of it with any more mental scars.  What Benny hadn’t expected was that he would end up trusting the man.  Caring about him.  Damaged goods or not, Dean Winchester was a good man and when Dean gave his word, he held onto it.  Benny couldn’t ask for more than that.
, and damn it, Cas is good at that too.  He pants into Dean’s shoulder, hunched over to get as much leverage as he can out of his thrusts, and the room fills with the harsh slap of their bodies meeting over and over again.  Even hearing the way they crash together helps push Dean towards the edge.  The peak dances just out his reach and he tries not to strain to reach for it, just riding the rough buck of Cas’s hips, but Cas takes his hand away from Dean’s cock and a whine leaves Dean’s throat.  God damn it, he’s
The vampire turned to face his human friend, hooking one tine of his weapon around the man’s forearm, just strongly enough to pull him close and force him to look Benny in the eye.
“God damn it, Cas,” he growls, slamming his hand against the steering wheel.  “I could have gotten laid tonight.  I could have gotten blown
“So I bought it for fifty bucks and taught myself to play.  Really just wanted to get some things out of my head, you know?  And they came out as songs.  Who knew?”
Castiel barely breathed in those moments after Dean willingly cloaked himself in the seraph’s embrace.  The hunter seemed willing to accept the connection between the two of them when it was a silent request of his slumbering mind, but this was the first time Dean had consciously sought his comfort.  Castiel gave it readily, squeezing his arm around his friend as tightly as he dared, and waited for Dean’s next move.  He was sure there would be one.  What he didn’t expect was Dean’s voice, muffled but the pain still evident.
“You know, brother, you’d probably both feel a lot better if you just gave the man the good old-fashioned rutting he clearly wants from you.”
It took him a moment to process the reaction, to realize that the act of altering his position dragged the waistband of Dean’s jeans across what Castiel noted belatedly was a fairly prominent erection.  An erection that had formerly been pressed tightly against the small of Dean’s back.  Suddenly, Dean’s discomfort and determination to remain still made a great deal more sense.
.  The work is already complete, so it will be posted weekly and complete in nine chapters (including the epilogue).
matters, really) unless they actually go home with the chick du jour.  They’ve both become pretty relaxed when it comes to things like suspiciously long showers.  After all, they’re both healthy men in their prime and it’s been a while since either one of them got laid, so the brothers just sort of turn a blind eye to this sort of thing and occasionally make up reasons to leave the other guy alone every now and then.  In this case, Sam nodded his head in regards to Dean’s shower plans without really taking his gaze off his computer, mumbling something about catching up on a few some news articles and checking in with Jody and Claire.  He turns on the TV louder than necessary as Dean closes the bathroom door, which is standing Winchester Brother Code for “I’m creating background noise as plausible deniability for any knowledge of you jacking off in there”.
“Cas showed up in Atlanta after tuning into Dean Winchester FM,” he says, tapping his forehead, “and he—”
Sam still finds himself unreasonably amused that the angel is such a grumpy fuck in the mornings.  Maybe he never got used to the whole sleeping thing when he was human and it just bled over?  His whole stone-faced persona softens, though, when he regards Dean.
The first one doesn’t do all that much for him.  I mean, yay for enthusiastic blow jobs and all, but only about 30 seconds worth of the clip rolls by before Dean clicks back to the main page, deciding that overly muscular, tatted-up guys are apparently not his ‘thing’.  Neither are beardy/hairy “bear”-type guys, it would seem, if his lack of reaction to the second video is anything to go by.  Unsurprising but hey, he might as well explore.  The next one sparks his interest for a little longer: the guy who seems to be in charge in this one has a slimmer build, lean but toned, and definitely an
The hunter flailed, both physically and verbally, in response, nearly taking out Benny’s left eye as he gesticulated with his weapon.
“Perhaps I shouldn’t,” Cas says into Dean’s hair.  “Perhaps I should teach you your place by leaving you unsatisfied.”
It didn’t take long for Dean’s thrusts within Castiel to become erratic and desperate.  The more the angel cried his name, the more Dean seemed to lose his grapple hold on self-control.  A snap of Dean’s hips in just the right direction and Castiel moaned loudly, whimpering when Dean closed his teeth over the thread of muscle just where Castiel’s shoulder met his neck.  And then Dean’s hips were crashing against his in a flurry of paroxysms, his whole body spasming as he cried out into the angel’s skin.  Castiel reached back to clutch at the swell of Dean’s rear and hold the man tight to his body as Dean’s climax roared through him, filling Castiel with a rush of warm wetness.  An involuntary whine left his lips when Dean finally stilled, to be replaced by a hiss through clenched teeth when Dean threaded a hand beneath Castiel’s body and wrapped it around his aching erection.  A few swift strokes along Castiel’s length and stars burst behind his eyelids.  Unlike the previous evening, his climax was like a knife jab to the belly, quick and hot and stunning in its intensity.
“So,” Sam says, leaning into Dean’s space far enough that his breath puffs against Dean’s nose, “what do you say, Trouble?”
He couldn’t quite explain why he felt it best, but Dean was compelled to stay quiet and maintain the illusion that he was asleep as the angel padded over to him and squatted down near his head.  With a quiet exhalation of the hunter’s name on his lips and a broken “I’m sorry”, Castiel reached out two fingers towards Dean’s temple.  With whip-crack speed, Dean realized why his nights had been so restful lately.  He snaked out a hand and clasped Cas’s wrist before he had a chance to touch Dean’s face.
orally stimulating me … what did you call it, Dean?  A … rim job?  You were the one performing it on
Benny had been ganked and in Purgatory long before Dean Winchester ever walked the Earth, but word of the fearless and ferocious pair of hunting brothers threaded among most of the monsters that had ever encountered him.  He had known who Dean Winchester was long before he saved the man’s hide; he’d heard bits and pieces of stories chewed on by shifters and vamps and all sorts of creatures, some who knew the boys by reputation only and some who had the Winchesters’ stern faces as their last living memories.  He’d never personally had much of an axe to grind with hunters like the Winchester boys, but Benny was damn sure that Dean’s history with the population of Purgatory was half their problem.  But Benny hadn’t really been able to help feeling just the slightest bit sorry for Dean, even before he’d known him.  Unlike most of the creatures he encountered here as well as their hunter counterparts, Dean and his brother hadn’t chosen their lot, it had been forced on them.  Maybe Benny sympathized more than he ought to, but he understood the way that kind of burden weighed on a person.
Whatever the hunter saw in Castiel’s expression caused him to pant out a few shaky breaths before finishing his sentence.  “I don’t really know what that means.”
Something in the hunter’s tone rankled Castiel’s nerves to the point that he found himself spitting back a barbed reply.  “You are not a qualified person to pass such judgment, Dean.”
“Oh my God,” he’s bending over as he stands up, trying not to wheeze with laughter, “I get it.” He points his mug to the angel.
The hunter mutely shook his head, his jaw dropping just a minute amount as he stared down into the seraph’s fixed gaze.
“Broken record, Cas,” he said, attempting to cut off yet another of Dean’s angry retorts that displayed his clear refusal to accept what may very well become reality soon enough.
Dean may not have been able to see it – still stewing, as the hunter was, in his days-long fury against the third member of their company – but Benny didn’t miss the signs of fatigue that had begun to eke out in the angel.  Whenever fights were over and the world around them calmed for a moment, the vampire glimpsed slumping shoulders, dipping of head and neck, which bespoke exhaustion and bleakness.  The first time he’d seen it, Benny couldn’t help but think that the jumped-up jack ass had brought it on himself, but the longer time went by, the less apt he was to judge.  He’d seen the look before, that expression of weariness of someone just barely holding it together.  The angel was a self-righteous ass, no doubt about it, but there was something more going on there that Benny just couldn’t wrinkle out, but he was certain it had everything to do with Dean and why the hunter’s sudden renewed vigor just happened to correspond with the angel’s slow collapse.
A/N - all right, my babies, this is the last "proper" chapter, with the epilogue coming next.  I have to admit, the epilogue is the chapter that I had the most FUN writing, so I hope you like it.  But this one actually does a fair amount to set up the next series that will happen ... so again, subscribe subscribe subscribe.  Wink wink, nudge nudge.
bring himself to say the words, he just lifts his hands over his head, clasps his wrists together against the wall, and gives Cas a little eyebrow quirk that says,
Now that Benny had shined a spotlight on the whole issue of potential attraction and/or sex, Dean had spent most days just trying to push aside any hint of personal crisis to focus on getting all of their asses the heck out of Monster Land.  His lips quirked up a tiny bit as he watched the angel push through the brush ahead of them.  Contrary to what Dean had expected, things with Cas had actually gotten better, less awkward even, since Dean had worked up the guts to ask Cas to sleep next to him.  Cas seemed less irritable and Benny seemed to pick fewer fights with the angel.  Dean was even sleeping better now that he wasn’t having nightmares about losing Cas or finding him dead.  The beauty part of it was that Dean didn’t have to worry about what people who knew him would think or say if he looked at the angel a little too long or touched him a little too often.  Benny had only ever known Dean as he is now, so he didn’t feel compelled to butch up and bury all his shit or cover everything with a smirk and a joke every time either one of them did something that insinuated there was a deeper connection between them.  As much as Dean hated to admit it, as much as he wanted to get out of here and go home … there was something freeing about being able to feel however the fuck he wanted to about Cas and not worry about how it would play to an audience.  Something about Purgatory allowed him to just be
--- another stand-alone sequel: case fic heavily featuring Shooter Boy Sam and the scads of backstory I made up for him in my head. My sister, also my beta, Skeptikitten and I have been doing a lot of plotting and chatting, so hopefully both of these works will come hot on the heels of the end of You Can't Spell Subtext.
,” Castiel prattled, unable to stop his hips from moving forward and back, silently begging the other man to increase his attentions.
Without taking his ferocious glower away from Benny’s face, Dean said, “Cas, he’s saying that you desperately need to act out one of those Pizza Man movies but wouldn’t know what to do.”
When inky darkness finally swallowed the last scraps of light, Castiel’s limbs wobbled under the shock of nervousness.  Dean’s offer of reciprocation had ignited him the previous evening and the promise of it sustained him throughout the day, but now that the potential offer was so near, the reality of it wasn’t so much tantalizing as it was terrifying.  Despite his bravado, which may have been as much to convince himself as Dean, his knowledge of and experience with human sexuality was largely comprised of several thousand years of detached observation and a smattering of viewings of cheap pornographic films in Dean’s motel rooms.  His practical aptitude was practically nil and none of it included another man.  And with a man as experienced with sexual acts as Dean, how was Castiel to keep from making a fool of himself?  What interest could he possibly incite in someone like Dean?
Of course, Dean’s not a proper gauge of good sex manners apparently.  I mean, he just had pushy, slightly angry sex with his favorite person in the world – aside from Sam, obviously – and judging from the state of the room around him, it may have been a bit earth-shattering.  Also, Dean has at one point banged what was essentially Cas’s sister.  So yeah, maybe Dean’s not an authority on the Emily Post of sex.
The vampire watched from his peripheral vision as shock, hope, fear, and disbelief all chased each other around the lines of the hunter’s dirty, bloody face.  Eventually, his human friend managed to cobble together some sort of counter-statement.
“No,” the angel repeats, “you were leveraging my … weakness for you for some unknown reason, and it absolutely destroyed all the work I’ve done for months, trying to ingratiate myself with my brothers and sisters again, and—”
That claim was easier to believe at night.  After the few first evenings of requesting Castiel’s presence at his side, Dean seemed to reconcile himself with the decision and simply operated on the assumption that he would not be sleeping alone.  The hunter would remove his leather jacket as he descended to the ground, folding it into a longer shape than previously, with room enough to pillow two heads rather than just his own. Dean would stretch out at one side and silently wait for Castiel to settle on the other.  For the first few evenings, Dean laid out on his back, staring blankly up into the canopy above, his face carefully blank, until Castiel rested beside him; only then would the creases born of anxiety and stress of the day relax and disappear from Dean’s face and he would allow his eyes to drop closed.  Sometimes the hunter would murmur to Castiel as he calmed his vessel into a meditative state, softly babbling about memories of their shared experiences, postulating theories of what might be going on back on Earth.  On the nights that Dean felt compelled to talk, Castiel simply listened, a quiet hum of breathing being his only noises as his friend used the anonymity of darkness to find the courage to eventually speak about his worries about Sam.  Inevitably, those were the nights that propelled the shift in their dynamic, with Castiel resurfacing from his meditative state to find Dean curled around him, unconsciously seeking the comfort of his presence in sleep.
Cas trailed into an embarrassed silence.  Dean breathed in a deep lungful of air, laced through with a smell that he had come to learn over the years must come from Cas himself.  Suddenly, reality seemed to slam into Dean full force, several epiphanies piling up against the forward edge of Dean’s mind: he’d been laying in Cas’s lap—while having a disturbingly sexual dream—about Cas—from which his friend had woken him because he’d been making “happy noises”.  Loud “happy noises”.  The last, most embarrassing bombshell took another few moments to land as Dean was forcing his muddled mind to take an inventory of his body: he felt raging heat and a telling warm wetness on his stomach, and he was damn sure it wasn’t water.
Dean knows a moment of complete panic as his brain catches up with his mouth and he considers what he’s just said.  Before he can stop himself, Dean realizes that he’s been glancing around the room as if afraid to be ‘caught in the act’.  He chuffs out a breath, irritated at his own paranoia, and then ponders where his thoughts have gone.  It wasn’t intentional.  He hasn’t ever really even thought about Cas that way before – certainly not consciously – so for the angel’s name to come tumbling out of Dean’s mouth just as he settles down for a good hard wank session is more than a little weird.
Well, after burying his feelings to the point where they fester and cause him to do something stupid,
He barely manages not to howl as he comes.  His hips shudder and twitch, he feels the material of his boxers dampen and plaster itself to his skin, his joints going watery with euphoria.  Harsh breath scrapes in and out of Dean’s throat, raking along the sides like he’s been gargling sandpaper.  He just registers the movement from the front seat as Sam pokes his head over the partition and glares at him, hair plastered to his face on one side and sticking up in an odd series of peaks and horns on the other.
The seraph turned to find his friend reclining in the soft undergrowth surrounding a towering tree.  Dean stretched one hand out in invitation, his face a mix of impertinence and enticement, but his eyes told Castiel a different story.  The longer the seraph looked, the more he saw it: hesitancy, insecurity, uncertainty.  As much as the hunter purported to want what was about to come, Dean’s eyes gave away his trepidation.  Oddly, it was that more than anything else that allowed Castiel to unlock his limbs and lower himself to the ground beside Dean.  At least he knew that he wasn’t alone in tasting fear along with his desire.
The laughter that left Dean was a little uneasy – this would still be new to him for a long while, he suspected – but he smiled anyway.
Dean’s not quite sure why but he leaves his arms up over his head, flush against the wall, as Cas strokes down his arms, skimming across his pecs and tracing his collarbone.  Pulling one hand in close to skim up Dean’s throat, Cas trails the other down his sternum achingly slow.  The angel brings his face right up next to Dean’s, watching his own fingers as they skim up the side of Dean’s neck; Dean cranes his chin up without thought, giving Cas more of his skin to ply with the light touch.
Dean jerked his chin towards the tree, so Castiel removed his trench and settled himself against the trunk, folding the coat across the hollow of his crossed legs.  The angel stiffened slightly when Dean dropped his head into the divot created over Cas’s ankles.  As bizarre as it might be to get this cozy with the awkward angel, having something other than sticks to rest his head on was definitely a step in the right direction.  His body still trembled, but it was a hell of a lot more comfortable.  More than that, though, Dean admitted to himself that he’d come to find Cas’s presence soothing.  After a few moments of silent shaking, Dean felt Cas’s chilled fingers rest gently across his forehead.
1. This fic will parallel Dean and Cas's journey through Purgatory to the seven terraces of Purgatory and two steps outside Purgatory (both before - the Prologue - and after - the epilogue) from Dante's
He fell into silence for a short moment, perceiving the sudden increase in his friend’s respiration, the pounding of the vein at his throat.
“Jesus Fucking Christ!” he bites out because the tongue moves again, seemingly determined to cover every fucking inch of real estate down the crack of his ass.  Dean is fairly sure that if Cas’s hands weren’t clenched on his skin, keeping him upright and spread open, Dean’s knees would have given out by now and he would have ended up in a sprawled heap on the floor.
Dean’s lips worked soundlessly for a moment while he gathered himself to say the word out loud.  “Cas.”
“Tell me it’s not just sex, Dean,” Cas whispers into his skin.  “I can’t bear it, thinking it might just be sex.”
“You know, your ‘friend’ was wrong about me ‘begging to hop onto your dick’ of course,” and Dean thinks Cas keeps saying it just because Dean’s heart pounds when he does, “but he certainly wasn’t wrong about your mouth.”
As such ... there's no actual smut in this chapter.  Or the next one.  And while I'll admit that I'm a little nervous that I'll lose readers, I really REALLY hope you guys stick around for the "pay off" in the rest of the chapters.  Because chapters 7-12 will basically be nothing BUT porn.  So ... I hope you like this chapter and that you hang with me through the next couple.
“What’s the matter, Dean?” Sam asks playfully.  “Having trouble restraining yourself?  Do you want to touch me?”
Because the heavy snores from the other room told Dean that he wouldn’t be interrupted by his little brother any time soon, he indulged himself in a moment to turn this way and that, looking at his body from a few different angles.  He hadn’t really thought much about his physique as it might appear to a sexual partner in a long time.  Dean kept himself in good shape – didn’t really have much of a choice – and he knew he was pretty damn attractive when he wanted to be.  And between the physicality of hunting and regular sex, Dean knew every inch of his body and how it worked.  As such, he didn’t really think much about how his body looked to someone else since women’s reactions usually told him all he needed to know.  After being with Cas, though, he felt different.  Just the fact that it involved Cas made it different.  He turned his back to the mirror and glanced over one shoulder and then the other, trying to hear in his mind what Cas would say about how he looked.  Probably something incredibly awkward followed by something insanely blunt but touching.
Dean opens his mouth to continue bickering but knows he’s not going to be able to win an argument with Cas like this.  What he can do is be just as sneaky though.
Dean reaches up – hurray!  Motor skills are working again! – and runs a finger around Cas’s bottom lip.  He smiles because he wants to kiss that lip, but he doesn’t really have the energy to move.  Cas breathes a shaky sigh of relief, so Dean must look better than when he came around a minute ago.
Dean tries to be mad.  He really does.  He just ends up smothering a grin, saying, “That is such an abuse of angel powers, dude.”
“Why?” Castiel asked.  “Because you’re ‘not gay’?  Isn’t it a little late for that old protest, Dean?”
“Don’t think I don’t know,” Dean says ruefully, looking up at the sky.  “Don’t think I don’t know that the whole rough quickie in the back of my car thing was at least partly your idea.”
It’s not as if Dean had ever exactly been aces at “talking it out”, anyway.  Sammy had always been the closest person in the world to Dean, the only person he’d ever really trusted with his feelings until Cas came along, and even Sam had to pry his emotions out of him with a crowbar.  In true Winchester fashion, the only way Dean really knew how to deal with his shit was to bury it in a fucking lockbox because the crap he dealt with on a daily basis would tear you apart top to bottom if you didn’t.  Purgatory was no different.
The stare Cas gives him is expressionless, but not unkind.  “I have always wanted you, Dean.  That was never in question.”
Cas looks up, startled, from where he’s been sucking at Dean’s earlobe in, okay, a really fucking awesome manner.  “What’s the matter?” he asks, honestly perplexed.
imaginings about the two of us, Dean.  In all of the fantasies I witnessed, I noticed that you painted yourself in an unflaggingly dominant role.  You seem to be under the impression that you are the one in control here.”  Cas tilts his head, studies Dean’s eyes again, and gives a tiny, sharp smile as his fingers curl around the back of Dean’s neck.  “Allow me to disabuse you of that notion.”
But the more you attempt to goad me into a response, the more determined I will become to make you wait and suffer as I have waited and suffered.  Maybe that’s how I should teach you patience, Dean.  Perhaps instead of using my hands, I should satisfy another curiosity.”
“The desires and longings inside your head were one thing – torturous enough, but at least they remained between the two of us because they stayed inside your head!”
, he would have laughed right in your freakin’ face.  Removed from all the context, the idea of Heaven’s Most Socially Awkward Angel indulging in ‘sins of the flesh’ would still seem pretty damn ridiculous to him if he didn’t have the sensations of the angel’s body burned into his memory.  Dean supposed that anyone who had ever wondered if he might be a switch hitter – and he knew that there had been a few who wondered – would never have imagined that the person to get him to cross to the other side of the plate would be someone like Cas.  Cas, who didn’t understand the concept of sexuality enough to understand porn.  Cas, who had gone into his potential first sexual encounter not with excitement but with complete white-knuckled terror.  But to Dean, all he could think was that he was also Cas, who threw away everything comfortable and reassuring just to stand up next to Dean when he asked for support.  And Cas, who tried so damn hard to do whatever he thought was the right thing no matter what it cost him.  And Cas, who came every time Dean asked for help.  And Cas, who looked at him and saw someone righteous, someone beautiful.  Cas, who took his battered and broken soul from darkness and raised him into the light.  It wasn’t anything to do with Cas being a woman or a man.   It was about Cas being his salvation.
“Is that where I should start, Dean?  Remind you of who I am by pushing you to your knees and thrusting into your mouth, taking my pleasure between your lips?”
The ‘angel’ turns out to be a guy with a pair of pitch-black feathered wings tattooed across his back and down his arms, but the guy has a slim build and dark, tousled hair, and Jesus Christ on Toast, this is definitely a bad idea.  Dean doesn’t click away though, and he finds himself watching as the ‘angel’ sinks to his knees and frees his partner’s stupidly large cock from a battered pair of jeans.  Pink lips stretch across the faceless guy’s length and the sight transfixes Dean; he’s not even bothering to resist stroking his hand along the ridge his erection makes in his boxers.  By the time Twink Angel clambers onto his hands and knees and fixes the camera with a fierce gaze, Dean strokes his cock through the thin cotton with one hand while groping towards the drawer of his nightstand for lube with the other.  He bobbles the bottle when there is a sudden extreme close-up of Giant Cock’s fingers plunging into Twink Angel’s ass.  More than a little shocked, Dean winces in sympathy.
He pushes his boxers down with his free hand and uses his thumb to spread around the drops of precome beading at the top of his cock.  He’s been so on edge all evening that it’s not going to take much, but Dean tries to draw it out as much as he can.
Dean scrubbed at his eyes as he stared at the screen of Sam’s laptop, glaringly bright in the dark motel room.  A flash of lightning from outside made him blink several times to try to rid his eyes of the after-burn image of the web page he’d been looking at a moment ago.  Ever since coming back from Purgatory, he’d started to feel his age which, for a hunter, was actually relatively over-the-hill.  He really needed to get some sleep.  Lightning flashed outside again and the downpour lashed even more heavily against the windows.  Sighing, Dean made to move the computer off his lap, resigning himself to the fact that he needed to get at least a couple hours of shut-eye regardless of how frustrated he was by the dead end.  The next burst of lightning made Dean double-take.  He’d have sworn that something had appeared outside the motel window.  Something that couldn’t possibly have been there.
throws a towel around his waist.  He swings opens the door, his signature cocky grin fixed in place.
“Can you feel my cock against you, too, Dean?” he says and Dean shudders.  “No denying it, huh?  Definitely not a woman.  But it feels so fucking good, doesn’t it, Dean?”
praying his heart out to an ex-soldier, ex-God-substitute, possibly-still-batshit-crazy renegade angel … well, even Dean Winchester would find that shit hilarious if he weren't living it. And even though Dean usually thought that praying was about as useful as tits on a turtle, it was the image of Cas out there somewhere, terrified and crazy and alone, that kept Dean on his knees every night with his forehead pressed against his trembling hands as he whispered into the unquiet dark in a voice made hoarse by exertion and withdrawal.
Benny whipped around to face Dean with a raised eyebrow.  Castiel, on the other hand, just spun slowly and stared back at the hunter with a resigned expression that said he’d been expecting this conversation for days now, which only fueled Dean’s anger.
Dean’s form became rigid and Benny wanted to kick himself.  He’d been wondering idly whether or not the emotional upheaval that the angel suffered each night was part of what made him such a beast magnet during the day – maybe angels in distress sent out some sort of supernatural shockwave? – but he hadn’t really had a chance to mention it to Hot Wings and he certainly hadn’t meant to spit it out in front of Dean.  Benny opened his mouth – though whether he meant to argue or backtrack and apologize, he couldn’t be quite sure – but he never got the chance.
As the hunter’s muscles gradually went liquid with fatigue and repose, Castiel felt the gentle circling of Dean’s thumb on his upper arm, tracing a small arc against the skin just below the sleeve of his scrubs.
There was an odd sort of fondness in his voice, Benny noticed, when the hunter spoke those words.  Hot Wings, on the other hand, let his face drop to complete blankness, his features incongruously hard and cold.
He chuckled as the expressions in the angel’s face warred between confusion and the suspicion that he should be offended.  Castiel glanced to Dean for translation.
“Yeah, well, with the racket you were making in there, you’d think you were wrestling an entire werewolf pack.  And seriously, dude?  Gross.  I realize it’s hard not to know what’s going on, but the least you could do is keep it the hell down, for common courtesy’s sake.”
The second time isn’t an accident, but it certainly isn’t pre-planned.  This time, Dean has spent several weeks feeling that little electric current of awareness in the back of his head every time he says Cas’s name aloud to Sammy, and he will admit to himself that he’s been purposely mentioning the angel more often because he knows somehow that Cas tunes into Winchester FM a lot more frequently now.  Whether or not the angel listens in because Dean talks about him more or because he’s hoping to have another audible peep show Dean isn’t sure, but he thinks maybe it’s a vicious circle because he didn’t feel that tickle in his brain with anywhere near this kind of regularity before his little naughty broadcast.  So when Dean announces to Sammy that he’s going to go take a long, hot shower to wind down from a successful hunt, he knows that the last few weeks have primed the pump for something to happen; he just didn’t have any particular agenda.
It’s not like guys haven’t hit on him before, so what did he look like or act like then?  He scrolls back in his mind over the handful of occasions where he was actually aware that a guy was hitting on him and comes to the conclusion that he was basically just being himself.  Well, that’s supremely unhelpful given that, thanks to hunting, Dean has at least 37 personalities on any given day.  So just turn up the volume on normal Dean Winchester?  Okay, he can do that.  If nothing else, there’s one thing that Dean Winchester can be when he goes out on the prowl: smoking hot.
Little stuttering gasps left Castiel when Dean dragged his teeth up the side of the vein at the angel’s throat.
--- immediate sequel: another 5+1 (untitled as of yet) that will feature Five of Dean and Cas's Firsts and One of Sam's.  Again, I established a series for this, so Subscribe, Subscribe, Subscribe!
Dean focuses on breathing.  It seems the only sensible thing to do when your same sex best friend has you pinned to a wall in a seedy motel, discussing your bisexuality crisis fantasies and threatening to Fifty Shades of Grey you into orgasmic oblivion.  He’s not completely sure about the orgasming part, but pretty god-damned certain, considering that Cas hasn’t taken his hand away from Dean’s face and leers at Dean like he intends to devour him.  That and the extremely suggestive fact that Dean is at least 93% sure that he feels a raging hard-on pressed against him where Cas straddles his thigh.
His voice cracked for a moment, thinking of Cas on his own, frantically fighting off the hordes of monsters that Dean could just barely handle himself. With a shock of cold, slick terror, he imagined Castiel lying on the ground, bleeding out. Or, worse yet, the angel scrambling, mauled and broken, away from a creature that laughed as his blood dripped from its jaws. Screaming for help. Screaming for Dean. A noisy sob tore itself from Dean's throat before he capped it; who the hell knew what was out there in the dark, and he couldn't afford to cry like a bitch and bring on anything that would think him easy meat.
“Oh,” Cas replies, his face clearing.  “Well, I suppose that it’s convenient that this vessel is male, then.  And supernaturally strong.”
“Don’t be such a prude, Sammy,” Dean grins and claps him on the shoulder, heading towards the fridge.  “Even butt sex is a beautiful thing.  Trust me on that one.”
The stroke of his hand speeds up without Dean even really planning to do it and his hips start rocking into the tight grip of his fist; his breath leaves him with a wheeze.
“Too bad, too,” Sam murmurs and rolls his hips again.  “If it weren’t the rules, trust me, you could grab me anywhere you want.”
“You know, I may have had a lot of sex in my life and it’s not always ‘making love’, but I don’t apologize for it for two reasons: first of all, I never have sex without thought.  The women I sleep with, I sleep with because I want to and they want to and it’s fun and hot and sometimes you just need a good lay.  And I don’t see why there’s anything wrong with that because I’m an adult, God damn it, and I can make those choices.  But I never have sex indiscriminately.  I do it for a reason and I do it after thinking about it and thinking about the woman.  I don’t have sex with just anybody, I don’t make stupid choices like having sex without protection, and I don’t throw those choices away.  Secondly, I don’t apologize for my sexual history because my first experience with sex is what made me love it so much—”
“Mmm,” Benny hummed in agreement.  “But when he’s in that meat suit, he’s also a man.  And I’m guessing that just because he don’t
Castiel practically shook with envy at every shared laugh between Dean and the vampire.  Swallowing his hunger for the casual camaraderie that they shared – despite Dean’s typically rough-tongued banter – the angel knew only too well that his awkwardness rendered him too naïve and guilty to negotiate what seemed to come so effortlessly to humans (and former humans).  The more he thought of his own uneasiness and naiveté with the social interaction that Dean managed with ease, the more hopeless the task became to prevent his mind from whirling over the faceless scores of women who’d touched Dean in a more intimate way than he could even understand.  The angel felt deranged, but he couldn’t stop himself from coveting their innate ability to press close enough to touch his skin, inhale his breaths as they kissed his mouth, revel in and respond to the nearness of their bodies that Castiel had only had a glimpse of in that embrace by the stream.  The craving for the capacity that these forgettable women had to know Dean in a way he couldn’t burned in him, ate at him, until he wanted to tear from their heads that knowledge of his hunter.
Dean sputters but Cas just says, “Actually, Dean confessed his feelings first, while we were making love,” and continues sipping his coffee.
“I don’t remember anymore,” he rumbled in his low voice.  Cas nodded towards the battered piece of paper Dean scribbled on. “What is this song?”
“I am in love with you,” Dean blurted in a husky whisper, seemingly without thought but Castiel knew better.
Dean even felt like his body was working better.  Something about the week or so, even while he was still pissed at Cas, had him sleeping better.  He still woke up with the shakes sometimes, but most times he managed to get back to sleep, and he usually ended up with a good, solid five hours or so.  He hadn’t had five hours of sleep every night in … ever, maybe.  Not since before he was a hunter, anyway.  So he actually sort of looked forward to it when he stretched out under the tree that night once Benny had gone off to secure the area and Cas had planted himself nearby.  It had been a long day of walking and he could use some good shut-eye.  Wrenching off his coat and throwing it over his shoulders like a blanket, Dean splayed out on the ground, closed his eyes, and let his body relax.
The liberation left him with a fairly fucking huge problem, though.  Namely, it wasn’t just Dean’s heart that seemed to be warming to the idea of “something more” with Cas.  Every time they laid down to sleep now, Dean curled onto his side away from Cas because when the angel wordlessly pressed close against his back and laced a lean arm around Dean’s ribcage, he couldn’t lie to himself that he felt nothing.  No, his brain had started spinning out all the different ways that he could show Cas how to “go native”, and quite frankly, he’d never been so damn sexually frustrated in his life.  Poor Cas was only trying to give Dean whatever consolation he thought his friend needed, not put the moves on Dean, for fuck’s sake.  The whole thing had started out as a desperate plea for comfort from Cas after he’d nearly ganked a creature that had
Dean opened his mouth but found himself unable to think of a way to broach the subject chasing around his head, so he just nodded and began to settle down.  Once he’d taken off his jacket and folded it up as a pillow, Dean froze with his head halfway to the beaten leather.
Cas chooses a Smitey Bitchface of epic levels and Dean isn’t afraid to admit, at least to himself, that he is a tiny bit terrified.
“What could you hope gain from exploiting my partiality for you?  Why now?  And why with repeated instances of us being sexually involved, Dean?  What possible benefit could you reap that?”  Cas asks, and the sideways head tilt of confusion doesn’t make him look less fierce, but it does make Dean’s heart throb in his chest.  He tells himself that it’s born of fear, maybe even a little nostalgia for the old naïve Cas, but the tingle that ripples through him marks him as a liar.
Dean smiled wryly and, before he realized what he was saying, blurted out, “Then how ‘bout you volunteer to be a better pillow than these tree roots?”
Cas is talking to him.  Should probably focus on that.  Can’t seem to.  Maybe Dean had something right when he thought that having sex with Cas might actually do him some harm.  Shit, Cas is starting to look worried.  Better do
With trembling fingers, Castiel reached out again to touch his friend’s forehead, now noticeably clammier with perspiration.  The bodily assessment that raced into his mind was both calming and disturbing: the damage done to various organs was substantial yet within Castiel’s ability to heal, but the symptoms of withdrawal were beyond his capabilities; Castiel could muster his weak Grace and remove the imminent health risk, but he wouldn’t be able to stop the man from shuddering and moaning in want of drink.  Even if Castiel did heal the internal damage, it would weaken his Grace enough that he wouldn’t be able to use any of his angelic powers for the next several days at least, so if Dean suffered any further damage at the hands of the near-constant combat they encountered, Castiel would be helpless to prevent his friend’s suffering.
Benny could see the twitch in the angel’s jaw that signaled a massive effort to keep from rising to the bait that he offered.
The angel nodded silently.  When Cas made no further overtures to mention his reason for the impromptu late-night visit, simply leaning against the front of the Impala and starring off into the trees beyond the parking lot, Dean went back to allowing his fingers to glide over the metal strings in a few familiar patterns.  The silence was comfortable for several long moments before Dean got curious.
“Let’s recap, shall we? You spend a year lying to me; you make a deal with Crowley;” Castiel tried to interject, but Dean ignored him, “you almost get killed
“I’ve watched all these visions very closely over the past few weeks, Dean, and I’ve felt the …” Cas’s pause is minimal, but punctuated with a marked inhale of breath,
A/N - I had been kicking around the idea of doing this as a series, with another 5+1 to touch on some of the issues that didn’t have a place in this fic – you’ll see, in upcoming chapters – and possibly an off-shoot story with SB Sam, but I was so afraid that nobody would like him or that people wouldn’t like him enough to want more of him.  The responses to last chapter have given me a lot of encouragement that maybe this would be a thing people would like to see?  If you would like to see this turn into a series, please feel free to say so in the comments.
of friends – he never had, really – but the ones he did have, he knew that this thing with Cas was and had always been different.  The stares, the personal space issues, the reckless need to justify themselves to the other person, the ruthless devotion that seemed to go down to his bones … even further with Cas.  Hell, that angel had done things for him that he wouldn’t even ask of Sammy, and while many of those actions were misguided, Dean couldn’t pretend that he didn’t see the intent behind them.  And it all seemed to add up to one thing: there was something else between him and Cas than just the friendship that they both called their “bond”.
Sam leans one elbow on the table, raises an eyebrow at Dean, but Dean doesn't miss the tiny flash of panic in his eyes before he caps it behind a confident smirk.  "Sure, honey," Sam encourages him, clearly believing that Dean has no chance at accuracy, "give me your best shot."
Castiel stiffened; the reminder of the vast difference in their sexual histories just served to unnerve him again.  The seraph’s resolve crumbled quickly when Dean’s arms encircled him.  The slow undulation of the hunter’s hips lured Castiel into moving in tandem, causing his breath to hitch as Dean drew just the tips of his fingers in meandering paths along Castiel’s chest.  His muscles jerked and he sucked in a gasp when the fingers slipped under his shirt and stroked low on his belly.
Finally, Cas’s eyes lifted to Dean’s.  “I will never regret what has passed between us, Dean.  I will carry it with me always.”
Dean’s lips quirk up because he sees right through the façade.  “And sexy,” he says, trying to keep his voice steady enough to carry the humor.
after only about two hours of admitting there might be some grounds to this whole bisexuality theory seems a bit quick.  Or maybe it’s just because he’s a giant chicken shit.  Whichever way is true, he’s trying to tell himself it’s not a good idea.  But then Sam comes back around with the whiskey bottle to top up his glass and Dean notices that the minute he locks eyes with Dean, the kid’s pupils blow wide and a quick glance down at his stupid tight pants shows that Sam is half hard, too.  Dean pounds the shot before Sam has even righted the bottle, glances back down at Sam’s crotch and, thanks to the buzz, speaks without thinking.
“I’ve always wondered: do the spots on your jaw where your stubble grows taste the same as your throat, where your skin is smooth?  Does the spot on your chest that bears this mark,” he traces the outline of Dean’s tattoo with his tongue; Dean whimpers, “taste the same as your shoulder, where you used to bear my mark?”
Cas’s brow wrinkles and he regards Dean, a bit sad, as if something has clicked into place.  Again, Dean does exactly the opposite of what Sam expects: he straightens up, pulls Cas closer to his side, and makes the placement of his hand on Cas’s hip a hell of a lot more obvious.  Sam spreads his hands in surrender.
As he stopped in the elongated shadow of a towering tree to take his ease for a moment, Castiel couldn't help but think that if the whole situation wasn't so rife with personal tragedy, he might find it amusingly absurd: an angel of the Lord charged with silently watching humanity chosen to raise a man from Hell ends up being swept into Purgatory after decimating both Heaven and Earth. Before any of this had begun, before this battered vessel had housed him, Castiel had believed that merely the suggestion of doubt was blasphemous enough to risk a fall. And yet, here he was, counting his initial rebellion from the Host's planned apocalypse as the
A/N - Obviously they never actually acknowledge that Dean gets an erection when Cas comes out of the bathroom after he gets back from Purgatory but ... come ON.  I defy anyone to watch that sequence and tell me it's anything other than Dean rearranging a boner.  I mean, Jensen Ackles could have chosen literally ANY other gesture if all he was trying to convey was nervousness/anxiety/discomfort/etc, but Cas walks out of a bathroom after an ugly duckling transformation and Dean just HAPPENS to adjust his CROTCH?!  Nope.  Inappropriate boner.  End of freaking list.
Dean laughed for a second, a raspy chuckle, then pulled back to look into the angel’s face.  When only silence and night noises met Dean’s ears, something faltered.  Castiel’s expression didn’t change and he volunteered nothing further.  Suddenly, Dean’s muscles felt watery with fear and he did his best to scoot away across the hood as he contemplated what it meant.
Dean couldn't seem to get his heartbeat under control, so he focused his gaze on the back of the driver's seat as he responded, "Doing what?"
“—and she didn’t care that I didn’t know what I was doing or that I was fumbly as hell or that my palms were sweaty.  She even pretended that it didn’t hurt, even though she had a tear in one eye.  She just put her arms around my shoulders, kissed me like it was the most amazing thing that could ever have happened to her, and when it was over, she said she’d never forget me because I was the boy with the spring grass eyes that made her feel like summertime.  She tasted like cherry bubblegum and smelled like lilacs….”
And Sam is panting in Dean’s ear now as he rides Dean’s lap.  There is no writing this off as just a lap dance at this point; the kid is basically dry-humping him in potential full view of a large crowd, and Dean can’t even be bothered to care about it.
—Dean’s mind loops it over a few times as two of Cas’s fingers take the place of his thumb.  Just the tips of the angel’s fingers slip between his lips and he can’t stop himself: Dean darts his tongue forward and licks the pads of those digits, a wolfish smile on his friend’s mouth as Cas drags them across his lip and lets go, leaving a wet line down Dean’s chin.
Something warred in Cas’s face at that, something Dean was sure he wasn’t telling him, but eventually the angel just nodded.  “I’m sorry, Dean.”
A/N - Hey all, sorry that this is coming at the END of the day on Monday (at least, where I live it is), but my weekend has been completely bonkers.  I had a lovely wedding on Friday for my gay sidekick and his new husband - yay! - and then had a wheel come off my vehicle while driving - YIKES - an hour and a half from home.  Thankfully no one was hurt and the repair was surprisingly quick and relatively affordable, but as a result, my weekend was completely NUTS.
“Calm down; take a breath,” Dean said, if for no other reason than prove he could remember other words.  Once the vampire had shaken his hair out of his face and pulled back his fangs, Dean asked, “Where’s the angel?”
“You know,” Benny said, a tiny grimace directed at the scowling angel, “you’re an awful greedy bastard for someone who comes straight from the Crusade Brigade.”
Dean scrubs both hands over his face as Sam steps back a few paces.  He thumbs backwards towards the door.
Castiel took the digits into his mouth instantly, laving them without thought to seduction but rather a mindless need to follow Dean’s demand before the man came to his senses and stopped this entirely.  His heart hammering within his borrowed ribs, Castiel darted his tongue between each of the three fingers, coating each one with as much saliva as he could; he couldn't guess at the need for it, but Dean had said as wet as he could manage so Castiel did as he was asked.  The hunter stifled a few hiccupping moans in the hair behind Castiel's ears; he felt Dean's erection throb against the curve of his rear as Dean drew his fingers from the angel's mouth.
“No one was singing, Dean,” he said simply.  “You were groaning in your sleep.  I was concerned that you may be ill again, but you told me not to heal you.  I thought it best to wake you and ask because your voice did not sound particularly … distressed.  In actuality, you sounded …”
Castiel swiped a dirty hand across his face to rid it of sweat and debris, though he couldn't say whether it actually did any good.   Reminding himself that he needed to be more vigilant about allowing his vessel to rest, Castiel wended his way out from the trail of carnage to squat at the base of one of the larger looking trees.  His Grace weakened every day.  He supposed that he shouldn't have been surprised by this; it was neither the first time he’d been cut off from Heaven, nor the most justifiable reason.  To be fair, he couldn't be certain whether the waning of his angelic “mojo” was due to a blatant severing by Heaven or simply his presence in this sphere, but the result was the same so it hardly mattered.  Musing, he thought perhaps it was lack of proximity rather than a decided action by his brethren, as they’d had plenty of time to revenge themselves for the angelic slaughter while he convalesced in the mental hospital or had been in flight with Meg.  So more likely that the dwindling Grace was a result of Purgatory itself.  An unpleasant sapping of energy accompanied every attempt to banish a creature, so Castiel had been forced to rely on his hand-to-hand training and, he admitted to himself with a tiny half-smile, some of the dirtier tricks he’d learned from the Winchesters over the last few years.
Castiel watched Dean blink a few times as he resurfaced from the recollection.  The hunter’s cheeks flushed with embarrassment at the astonishment on the angel’s face, but he continued to stare Castiel down as he worked his throat around the break in his voice.
“I’m sorry, Dean,” Castiel whispered as he settled himself on the ground next to the elder Winchester’s head.  Whatever his friend might say if he woke up, the angel now refused to leave his side.
It didn’t occur to the vampire just how much the angel was giving up until nightfall, three days after the fight that had caused Dean to lose his head in anger.  Benny had set out on his usual rounds guarding wherever they made camp that night, not just for Dean’s safety but to remove himself from the presence of that insufferable angel.  Something about the night just smelled wrong, felt wrong, though, so the vampire had elected not to widen his parole as usual, circling just out of sight in the scrub near the place Dean laid sleeping, looking for the monsters that might sniff out the tasty human bait.   The longer he prowled, the more he expected to see Dean tussling with some creature that had managed to give him the slip and dash into the clearing.  What he most certainly had not expected to see, however, was the angel on his knees next to the sleeping hunter, rocking back and forth and … well, he just plain looked to be sobbing.  Benny moved in closer for a better look.
Cas’s face takes on Smitey Bitchface again.  “Even if you did acquiesce to my position on control and dominance, I’m not particularly convinced that you learned your lesson about patience.”  Cas waits a beat, his face never even twitching, before he adds, “Besides, I never did get to carry out my threat to push you to your knees and thrust between those very enticing lips of yours.”
Castiel knew that telling himself he’d be better equipped to protect Dean if he was close by was just rationalization, but it did have some truth to it.  As they trudged along, he reached out with delicate tendrils of his fragile Grace, scanning for any threats to their safety.  Perhaps if he managed to keep Dean safe until they reached this supposed human portal out of Purgatory, the hunter would remember him with this same kindness and value, and someday be able to forgive him for his greatest transgression: the abandonment yet to come.
Oddly enough, that amusing little gem of knowledge brightens Sam’s whole morning and he stands and stretches.  Suddenly, he feels freaking wonderful.
Dean almost wishes that the case had been more than a simple salt-and-burn.  It became insanely obvious that the big bad in this case was the ghost of an animal rights activist that had been run down in an alley by the leader of a dog fighting ring, and the spirit had been working his way through all of the local ring runners.  Of course, only assholes like Dean would have found their methods of death funny – like, seriously, one of the dudes suffocated because a squeaky toy got lodged in his esophagus; every time he tried to ask for help, he just squeaked – but in the end, he just burned the bones of the poor dog lover and that was that.  In fact, he almost hated doing it because after having a dog’s noggin for a couple of days, Dean thinks that those dog fighting assholes got exactly what they deserved but he can’t in good conscience leave a ghost running all over hell killing people, so supernatural cookout it is.
He doesn’t want to be shy talking about this because Cas just had his tongue up Dean’s ass a bit ago, but he can’t seem to make himself say it. Cas and his lack of social graces to the rescue.
Dean pushes his face down into the comforter, his chest heaving with thick breaths, and he’s fucking into his fist so hard he may even have bruises tomorrow, but it’s still not enough.
“What does it matter what you believe,” he snapped, more harshly than he meant to, “when you got your head so far up your own ass you don’t even see we’re already done for.  Angel knows it.  We are never going to make it with him next to us, glowing like a beacon.”
"Understand the reference," Dean finished for him. "Yeah, I know. Dude, someday when all this bullshit is over, I'm tying you down to a couch and forcing you to watch all my favorite movies and TV shows. Just so you'll understand what the hell I'm saying most of the time."
The elder Winchester didn’t miss the slight tone of surprise in the angel’s customary greeting.  It was clear that Cas had seem him try to stash the instrument.  Dean didn’t speak, didn’t move the guitar back to his lap, just gave a jerky nod of greeting.
.  And Dean couldn’t help but squirm when he thought of Cas implying, however vaguely, that the two of them had just been wasting time by not acting on their bond.  Cas might not be pristine anymore, but being with Dean could only taint whatever goodness Cas had left in him, and the thought of it made Dean anxious in a way he couldn’t even really explain.
Dean scoffed a bit as he sat down on a stump, rolling his shoulders to stretch the heavy muscles.  When Castiel directed a dark glare at him, the hunter spread his hands in a gesture of mock surrender.
“Well,” Dean shifts awkwardly on the stool, “I guess you could say Cas and I have been going back and forth about it for a month or so but—”
When viewing the last two flashbacks of Purgatory, I noticed that there is the insinuation that one continues directly into another – from the “Broken record, Cas” moment where Dean tells Castiel that nobody gets left behind to the “O ye of free and little faith” flashback where Dean absorbs Benny and leads Cas to the seam – there is enough of a break between the two that there is the possibility that time passes in the interim.  For the purposes of my storytelling, I have chosen to interpret that a night passes between the two flashbacks.  Hope this doesn’t ruffle anyone’s feathers.
As Dean drove the knife up through the monster’s jaw, he felt like smiling for the first time since he’d landed here months ago.
Dean swears loudly when the sucking kiss that Cas leaves on his left shoulder ends with a bite over the skin that used to house the handprint.  He’s trying so hard to resist pushing Cas faster than the angel means to go.  Dean knows that will only end in denial and more torment so he clutches his hands together, still raised over his head, and hits them against the wall a few times to help him focus on anything other than Cas’s wandering mouth.
—Cas,” Dean groans, one hand squeezing gently at his testicles, the other fairly flying against his erection.
Dean said, his voice thick with levity, “never pegged you for someone who’d be noisy in the sack.  Thought you were going to draw the attention of every monster in a five mile radius.”
“Well,” he drawls, tapping his lips as if considering the question, “you’ve been looking at pretty much everybody in here, but no one person for more than a few seconds.  You’ve parked yourself towards the back where you won’t be noticed
The angel took a few steps, bringing him close within Dean's realm of "personal space", but the hunter didn't complain. Castiel tilted his head to the side.
His hands slide up Dean’s chest as he rights himself.  A tap of fingers and Dean’s ‘restraints’ release.  He can’t help but roll his shoulders against the uncomfortable twinge of soreness.  Cas’s slim digits wrap around each of Dean’s shoulders and as the fingers knead at the thick ropes of muscles, Dean feels the cold tingle that accompanies him healing Dean.
going to fuck him, preparation or not, but Cas just mouths at the side of Dean’s neck again, occasionally sucking hard enough that Dean’s pretty sure he’s going to have a couple sizable hickeys.  Fuck it, they’ll be a proud “I Got Laid” badge and there’s nothing wrong with that.  Cas begins thrusting his pelvis against the round of Dean’s ass and that sets him groaning again; Dean is definitely man enough to admit that between Cas’s mouth and his dick, it feels better than he imagined to have another guy’s cock pushing against the back of his balls, the friction just under his ass scraping his nerve endings and leaving him rocking back into the angel’s rhythm.  All he’d need to do would be to set up a good, firm tug on his dick and it’d be over in no time.  He starts to reach down to do just that, but he remembers what Cas said about not being finished and puts his hand back on the wall.
That particular part of this crap storm actually made his lips quirk up just a bit in self-depreciating humor as he broke his litany of prayer to shake out the tremors in his hands. During the day, constant combat, fear, and adrenaline kept his body running but when the endless nights descended with no warning, darkness slamming down on them like a curtain of nothingness, his limbs started to shake, his stomach heaved, and his head screamed. It seemed a weirdly appropriate demise for someone like Dean: he was just fine with the infinite hack-and-slash killing sprees that were the make-up of Purgatory, but when that was wiped away his whole body buckled for lack of a good stiff drink. If it wasn't him dealing with this shit-heap of a situation, he definitely would have found it funny.
“He thinks it’s just the women.  He thinks that it’s that you don’t feel ‘that way’ about him because he’s not a woman.  Or maybe he just thinks you don’t feel that way about him at all,
Castiel caught Dean’s eyes, bright and lamp-like in the darkness, as the taller man craned his neck to watch him, devouring the expressions of astonishment and desire that painted the angel’s face.  He thrust helplessly against Dean, hearing the man utter the three syllables of his full name with more tenderness and reverence than any prayer that Castiel had ever witnessed.  Hearing his name fall from Dean’s lips with such ardor, the seraph felt as if he stood in a cathedral where every bell had been rung at once, each nerve singing in fierce, primal joy as his climax overtook him.
“Well, that’s a pretty damn convenient trick,” Dean smirks, and he’ll admit, he’s impressed.  “You Luke Skywalkered the shit out of that and I wish I could say that doesn’t make you even hotter.”
The third time it happens is completely, inescapably, smirk-inducingly planned and Dean can’t help but be
Castiel reveled in Dean’s quick descent from muttered directions to wordless, needy gasps as the seraph matched the tight down-stroke of his hand to the forward snap of his hips.  Abruptly, Dean jerked in Castiel’s arms, his muscles clenching as he quaked with the force of his orgasm.  Dean’s throat closed around a moan, body spasming, his grip bruising-tight on Castiel’s hip.  After a moment of stillness, Dean urged him back to the rough buck of his groin against Dean’s body.
“I dunno,” Sam answers, turning his head so that his lips trail across Dean’s earlobe as he speaks.  “Am I the cocky one right now?”  He grinds his hips down against Dean’s erection as if to prove his point.
“Be back in a second,” Sam says with a wink.  He only gets a few steps away before swiveling and coming back.  “Hey, you know … the next performer up is really great but the Shooter Boys like me, we also give lap dances.  I’d be happy to show you what this ass can do.  Just food for thought.”  And off he goes again, this time very clearly displaying said ass.  Dean isn’t really ashamed of watching.
in and of themselves – if only to grind into his borrowed bones the penance owed. Hundreds of angels dead in his wake, countless humans slaughtered at his heels … Castiel remembered every face, every feather, every spatter of blood as Dean Winchester invoked his name and declaimed endlessly of his loyalty to his angel friend, his perseverance in the fight to find him, save him. This was the forfeit, the price of Castiel's fall. It was steep, but he would shoulder what was due even if it destroyed him. Not just because he owed it to Heaven or Earth, but because the man that prayed to him out there in the dark deserved an angel that justified his relentless devotion.
to go after Cas.  Even now, the idea of jumping ship and going home without the angel made his stomach turn and his chest seize up in dread and sadness.  He’d spent most of his time in Purgatory telling himself that it was because Cas was his friend, damn it, his
“God damn it, Cas,” he growls, slamming his hand against the steering wheel.  “I could have gotten laid tonight.  I could have gotten blown and laid by somebody probably half my age.  And why didn’t I?  Not because it was a guy, which I admit I got comfortable with amazingly fast.  Because of you, you awkward, nerdy, personal-space-disrespecting, I’m Completely Indifferent to Sexual Orientation-spouting
A most unwelcome throb of anguish wrenched at his heart as Castiel heard it in the back of his mind: an unrelenting repetition of his name coupled with progressively more fervent promises of rescue and support, night after night. Even after all of the faults and failings Dean had been subjected to on the part of his angelic friend – even after the angel had abandoned him in a pitch black world of fiends – the hunter's prayers to Castiel weren't the demands for help and answers that the angel expected, that the prayers should have been. They were appeals for his whereabouts and frantic promises that the hunter would save him. Save him. As if Dean owed him redemption. As if he could even be redeemed. Castiel clenched his eyes shut against the drone of Dean's prayers but it did no good.
Castiel would have sworn that the two of them became one entity in those next few moments; they moved together, the rhythm of Dean's rolling hips fluid and practiced, guiding the angel beneath him into an unspoken instinctual dance.  Dean thrust down into Castiel, the thick muscles of his buttocks and thighs clenching and releasing, his panting breaths parting Castiel's heavy locks.  Castiel pushed up against him, meeting Dean thrust for thrust, letting his parched lips release a litany of the hunter's name as if praying to the man making love to him.   Dean leaned his weight on one forearm and with the other, snaked his hand up to thread his fingers into Castiel's, clutching the angel's grip as if it were the only thing mooring him in this world.  Perhaps it was.
Of course, there was that time with Anna … but she’d been human – and female – at the time, so it hadn’t felt any different than any other woman he’d slept with.
Sam immediately pouts.  “Damn it, I wasn’t going to tell you I worked here because you looked so happy when I came up and flirted with you.  How did you know?”
The angel nearly sobbed when Dean’s hand left his rear but he shook with anticipation when a low rustle of fabric met his ears as Dean fumbled and rushed to open the fastenings of his pants.  Dean grasped Castiel’s hand in his, pushing away jeans and underwear to close the angel’s fingers around his hot flesh in the still air.  As Dean curled Castiel’s fist around the base of his erection, Castiel greedily swallowed each one of the hunter’s stuttering breaths as if he could survive on them alone.  Following Dean’s practiced movements, they jointly stroked the hunter’s engorged length.  Castiel caught the edge of Dean’s bottom lip between his teeth momentarily, savoring the gasp of breath and jerk of hips that accompanied the action.
The angel made a weak gesture with his arms and sighed heavily. "I wish I could explain, Dean – it's not that I don't trust you—" he said when the hunter opened his mouth to rebut, "—but more that there are things I must do before I can explain fully. And I
“You can’t see any stars here.  I miss the stars,” Dean mumbled absently.  The hunter’s eyes darted sideways just enough to catch Castiel looking at him and then wrenched back upwards.  A smile quirked the corners of Dean’s lips, still slightly swollen from traversing Castiel’s neck.
Sam’s eyes snap back up to Dean’s and he licks his lips, but this time the move is unconscious and uncalculated.  “Yes, sir,” he says, then straddles the seat of the chair.  Bending to place his lips near Dean’s ear, he growls, “
and then goes back to his call, “when the hell did you manage to snag my phone?” A beat of silence as, presumably, Bartender Sam explains.  “Okay, in my defense, I was at least a sheet and a half to the wind at the time.  But seriously, how did I not notice your hand in my pocket?” Dean colors in the cheeks and glances guiltily at Sam before clearing his throat and looking down at the table.  “Yeah, well, we’ve already established that you are a horrible opportunist and I was mildly drunk.  So what the hell are you calling me for at this hour?  I know you’re an hour ahead, but damn, kid, you just got out of work four hours ago. … Oh, well that’s, uh, sweet of you to check in on it.  Yes, I did talk to him.” Dean blushes even harder.  “Well, not exactly, but more or less.” Another guilty glance at Sam, more response from Bartender.  “Yeah, we definitely did.
Sam’s still chuckling as he jogs out the door to the Bunker a few minutes later.  Life just got a hell of a lot more entertaining.
Benny watched his friend in silence for nearly a minute, inspecting the way the man’s face melted from one expression to another as he stared off after the angel but Benny definitely did not miss something buried at the back of the hunter’s wary eyes.  Something that he’d seen plenty of times before, something which hinted at – but didn’t quite explain – the change in the hunter’s smell these past few days.  Benny had thought it was the hunter being on high alert for a fight – smelling of adrenaline and testosterone and fear – but now he suspected something different.  And since the angel had been gone a minute or two, Benny felt safe testing the waters, as it were, when Dean jerkily started moving again.
To Dean’s surprise, the creature gave him a tiny smile, his eyes lighting with mischief and recognition.  “You’re him,” he said smoothly, hungrily.  “The
“Hey, I very clearly remember Dad’s discourse on homosexuality entitled ‘Real Men Don’t Fuck Around with Other Men’,” Sam grumbles.  “Seeing as how you spent a whole lot more time around him during your sexually formative years than I did, I didn’t bank on you ever exploring anything ‘alternative’.”
“No!” he says a little too hastily.  “No, Sammy, I’m fine, thanks.  I … uh … I think I’m going to get some air.  Sit outside on the hood.”
Dean’s eyebrows wing up.  Okay, definitely could not have predicted that Cas would actually have a bit of Fifty Shades in him, but a reward can’t possibly be bad, right?
Dean’s mouth melts into a rueful grin and he presses it against Cas’s lips.  “Cas, don’t ever change.”  And because Dean thinks that maybe now he can get away with it, he adds, “But seriously, can you speed it up?  Because I’ve been like two inches from coming for about an hour now and my balls are probably so blue they could be featured on the Smurfs.”
Contrary to what Benny had expected, Dean’s conflict seemed to have deepened in the past few days.  His resolve to find the portal to Earth had, if anything, grown stronger, but the idea of going home appeared to have stopped giving the man any sense of relief or pleasure.  Every time the return to Earth was mentioned, the hunter’s lips would pull up in something Benny was certain was meant to be a smile but never raised any higher than the bottom of his cheeks.  Dean would blather some pat words about not being able to decide what he would have first – a bath, a burger, or a beer – but his gaze always trailed away towards the angel and lines of stress pulled at his forehead.
Castiel tipped his head to the side and pinned the hunter with a challenging gaze. “And would you say that you ‘wasted’ all your sexual intimacy on the scores of ‘random’ women
If the level of enthusiasm on the licking is anything to go by, Cas remains completely unperturbed by Dean’s startled reaction.  He drags a few long, slow swipes straight up the center, plants a few sucking kisses along Dean’s cheeks, curling his lips around whole sections of skin to suck into his mouth, seemingly determined to test out every possible method of applying his mouth and tongue to Dean’s ass and
“Yeah, you probably didn’t have sex enough as a human to discover that disappointing detail.”  Dean grumbles as he continues.  “In my teens and twenties, my refractory period was like ten minutes tops; now I have to wait a good twenty minutes before Little Dean gets with the fucking program.  Sometimes half an hour.  Fucking middle age.”
“No?  He must have mustered up some from somewhere, considering how determined he was to tell us about that wife he had.  I’d say he has those kind of feelings far more than you know, brother.  Maybe it’s that he doesn’t know how to process those feelings, or maybe he’s just scared of them.  But he has them, I guarantee you that.  You just can’t – or won’t – see it.”
“No, no, honey, I meant it,” the kid says, laying a hand on Dean’s forearm, “it’s just because I know what I’m looking for.  You come here enough and you can spot certain people a mile away.  Here, I’ll show you.”
the angel.  Christ, he might do himself legitimate physical harm.  Fry a brain cell or five … thousand.  But damn, he couldn’t help but think that it would be totally worth it.
The hunter laughed, a harsh exhalation that sounded like sandpaper on his deep voice.  “Keep me from being hurt?  Are you shitting me?”
Dean shudders.  The kid only vaguely looks like Cas, with the messy dark hair and slim build, but the rumbling growl of his voice sets Dean’s nerves on edge because it’s just one more strike in the angelic direction.  No.
Dean had started to think that maybe the reason why he couldn’t find Cas might be that the angel didn’t want to be found.  He couldn’t think why his friend would be evading his help, especially with Dean praying to him every night, but if Cas was still crazy, who knew what was going through the angel’s head?
“What?” Castiel asked, his voice turning to a yelp when Dean clamped his lips beneath Castiel’s ear and sucked hard.  “What do you want to do?  Tell me.”
“I don’t know,” he replied honestly.  “I guess I just got used to the idea of you as Nerdy Winged Virgin.  It just seems weird to think of you having sex with somebody that isn’t—”
Castiel quirked his head to the side and searched his friend’s face as it tipped away from his own now.
"Wow.  Sinner," Dean chides, but he smiles as he says it.  "Lost your cherry to your sister's boyfriend who was thirty?!  Jesus, Sam, I underestimated you."
Although he disconnectedly noted the slight twinge of a stretching sensation as Dean slid his finger deeper inside, Castiel heard in Dean's voice that the hunter was reassuring himself as much as Castiel.  Dean had been correct in his assertion that, for all of his prior experience with sex, he was no more familiar with this than Castiel.  So Castiel took it upon himself to bolster Dean as well: when he drew out the finger and then slid it back in again, this time a bit faster, Castiel did not stifle the small moan of pleasure that had built up in his chest.  The angel was rewarded with an even faster slide on the next pass, which caused a delicious pulling sensation on the upstroke, so Castiel decided to encourage Dean as much as he could.  A rock of his hips back into Dean's palm resulted in an increase in pace; a low moan of Dean's name received a groan at his ear and another finger pressed into his body.  By the time Castiel had taken it upon himself to set his own pace, Dean panted into his hair and pushed in a third finger, now markedly unconcerned at whether or not Castiel proved as fragile as Dean originally feared.  Castiel nearly forgot that there was supposed to be a greater goal to this whole process, so intent was he on the pleasurable burn of Dean's fingers within him that he growled in displeasure when Dean drew them away.
Next chapter will feature the actual culmination of the last time that Dean Fucks With Cas.  And then … Cas.  Fucks.  Back.  *mwuahahahaha*
Samael, the angel that I chose as the leader of Castiel’s garrison, is an actual seraph referenced in Jewish lore and was chosen for a very specific reason.  In the Talmud, Samael is referred to as “the angel of death”.  He is less of a grim reaper – in the sense of an angel sent to ferry the soul from the living world to Hell – as he is the
"Gotta love being human bait," Dean said with a growl. "And this Naomi chick, whoever the fuck she is," Castiel winced at the vulgarity, but didn't interrupt, "I owe her a
A bit shaken – had he gained a reputation amongst the monsters in his search for Cas? – Dean slammed him against the bark again and spat out, “Where’s the angel?!”
Dean tried to feel embarrassed or even guilty about it, but if he was really honest with himself, he couldn’t manage to do it.  After everything they’d been through together, been for each other and to each other, it seemed like this just ended up being another piece of their story that clicked into place.  He wouldn’t start spouting some romantic crap about destiny or some shit like that but he would say – if it was just to himself in his own head – that maybe it had been burned into his skin the first time Cas had laid a hand on him in Hell.  Maybe his connection to Cas had been branded onto him down to the soul; maybe this was just the way to deal with all the shit that neither one of them could manage to put words to.
Moments passed; Castiel couldn’t even begin to hazard a guess at how many.   Had someone forced him to put words to the sensation, he would have sworn that his true form had slipped free of his vessel, bathed itself in gold, and then fallen to Earth into a pool of sunlight.  Who was he to know how long it took for such ecstasy to take place?  A day?  An age?  A nanosecond?  It could have been any or all of those things.  He was utterly, blissfully lost to time.
“Oh, dear,” the vampire said slowly and with relish, “hasn’t your babysitter given you a lesson in the birds and the bees yet?”
That in and of itself would have been grounds for teasing, but the fact that he tried on three things before settling on his current choices would probably have resulted in at least four jokes about prom and not letting the other teens pressure him into anything he’s not ready for.  That’s what Dean would say if the shoe was on the other foot, and … well, he may not have worked up the guts to go if he’d heard it.  Thankfully, the motel room features blissful silence as Dean considers.  He’s about to throw on the sort of thing he wears every time he goes to a bar: boots, comfortable jeans, shirt that brought out the color of his eyes (because yes, he knows how to work his best feature when he wants to), flannel, leather jacket.  Maybe a teeny bit of product in his hair, pilfered from Sam, to give a little polish.  But he thinks about it this time: that’s the sort of thing he wears when looking to pick up
But he couldn’t look too excited.  Not yet.  He threw an assessing glance to Benny, who simply tilted his head in confirmation.
“No mojo,” Dean said, trying to sound stern but it just ended up coming out sluggish.  The cool touch on his hot forehead helped chase away some of his headache; his eyelids began to droop.
Given that when Benny snorted in amusement as Dean passed and was rewarded with a grimace that could take down a water buffalo, the vampire did his best to suppress a smile before gesturing that the angel follow after Dean.  Whatever hornets’ nest he’d managed to unintentionally stir up between the two men just then, Benny was fairly certain it would have some damn amusing consequences before this whole episode played out.
The tip of the hunter’s erection left a small trail of wetness against Castiel's rear as Dean eased the blunt head of it against him.  Dean used the bulk of his body to push Castiel onto his stomach as he rolled atop of the angel, the motion of it enough to slot his erection into the place where his fingers had been.
"Three:  Lucifer, Anna, and me.  I am one of only three angels in all of history to have the nerve to stand against the entire force of Heaven and say ‘No’.”  The angel allowed a moment of taut silence to pass before adding, “It does not make me
my sexual preference and leave it at that for now.”  Dean glances over his shoulder at Sam.  “So are we done with this?  Because I need a drink after that kind of talk.”
This time, he takes a little more time about it.  He runs his hands over his chest, scrapes fingernails over his nipples and down his abs, takes the time to get in the mood rather than just going straight at it like usual.  Letting his head drop back against the wall, Dean closes his eyes as he reaches down towards his growing erection.  He hiccups a bit because damn, that body wash shit does feel good; he starts to wonder if maybe that’s the real reason Sammy uses the stuff, but immediately evicts the idea because thinking of Sam whacking it will totally bomb any chance he has of keeping his boner.  He just shakes the image out of his head, relaxes again, and lets the slow glide of his clenched fist along his skin drag him under.
As Dean floated back to the surface of his consciousness, he followed his first instinct to turn towards the hands that were gently shaking his shoulders.  The voice wasn’t singing anymore, but there was no mistaking that it was the same voice.  A small moan escaped his lips when he realized that those lips were alone now, no longer singing, no longer pressed up against a warm, damp pair that seemed just as drunk with euphoric lust.  The shaking increased in speed and intensity and the moan turned to a groan.  Dean managed to peel his eyes open, expecting to see a ripple of rainbow-prism water.  Instead, Castiel’s face, heavy with too many nights’ growth of beard and pinched with worry, swam into view.
Without taking his eyes off Dean’s, Cas pushes at Dean’s jeans until they slide over his hips and then his boxers are shoved down with them.   Dean’s eyelids flutter closed, so he doesn’t see what Cas is doing, just notices the lack of body heat.  Cas has moved away.  Why?  He’s eyes snap open again when there’s puffs of breath against the taut skin of his hip.  Cas kneels in front and just a tad to the right of where Dean is strung up and panting, his head cocked to one side as he regards Dean’s jutting erection with a serene, curious expression.
“Because,” Dean said, flushed with angry determination, “because sex – especially when it’s your first time – isn’t something that should be thrown away.  It should be special.”
“I prayed to you, Cas.  I never prayed to anyone or anything before I met you, but damn it, I prayed every moment I could get my head together, and you just … ignored me.”
yet.  But I promise, next chapter will be all the Bottom!Dean your smutty little hearts could want.  Bottom!Dean is my favorite Dean, so I hope you enjoy.
Dean’s sentence ground to an abrupt halt, and the hunter quickly directed his gaze off into the trees.
Cas uses his free hand to tap two fingers to Dean’s forehead.  “And thus, you are recovered,” he says with a small smirk.
Reflection on his time with the Winchesters and all that had passed between them had Castiel dropping to the leaf-covered ground beneath the tree instead of merely just hovering to gather himself.  He leaned his head back against the rough bark and let his eyes drop shut.  A few deep breaths filled his chest before he examined that method of self-examination, the cataloging of his physical well-being.  Apparently, acquiring sneaky brawling tactics and an appreciation for unsavory diner food were not the only things the angel had absorbed in his time with his human charges: he’d begun to think of this body, this vessel, as his own, as
“Speak of the devil,” Sam says when his brother wanders into the kitchen.  “What are you doing up this early?  You’re practically allergic to anything before 10am until we’re on a case.”
“Bind?!” And okay, that sounds way more harsh and panicky than Dean means it to, but after quasi-bondage sex and sort-of declarations of love, it sounds a little too rape-y right now.
The angel waited for more but it didn’t come.  Dean seemed to have realized that he had tipped his hand too far, let too many of his inner thoughts out; the vulnerability was quickly capped and stowed away as he marched back to the stump and plopped down upon it.
He hadn’t plucked out four notes before a soft flutter of noise across the car from him made the hunter stiffen in surprise.  Dean didn’t turn as the soft flap of Cas’s trench coat hit his ears, he just tried to stash the guitar behind the driver’s side front headlight.  The quick motion and bright flush on his cheeks had the angel cocking his head to one side and gazing at him quizzically.
“I know,” Dean said soothingly, “I know.  But you don’t have to chase after it, okay?  Just relax and let it come to you.  I’ll take care of you.”
Sam shrugs again.  “Well, you’re not trying too hard with the clothes, but you aren’t comfortable here yet so …” he takes another moment to look Dean over as Dean silently ponders the table top again.  “Not ‘out’ yet, obviously, but comfortable in your own skin in general, especially about sex.  You’re good and you know it,” Dean smirks at him,  “—it’s in the posture.  Sexy without trying to be.  You’re used to being hit on because you’re not trying to deflect, but probably not used to being hit on by guys because you’re not responding or returning either.  You’re not letting it scare you away, though.  So … just deciding maybe you’re bisexual, but haven’t actually done anything about it yet.  You’re here to decide what you want.”
He watched Cas settled against a tree, wordlessly removing his coat and folding it in his lap, a waiting pillow for Dean’s head even though it had been several days since Dean had asked for that favor from Cas.  It didn’t occur to the angel not to offer it, even if Dean never asked for it again.  Then Dean dared to ask himself a question he hadn’t been wanting to face, one that he had staunchly refused to even admit could have any answer other than the one he wanted…. What would happen if Cas was right, that the portal back to Earth wouldn’t work for him?  What if Dean crash-landed back at home, without the one person he had scoured all of Monster Land to find?  Would Dean feel like he had done the right thing, capping back all these feelings and instincts, knowing that he couldn’t ever act on them even if he wanted to?  Or would he spend the rest of eternity regretting that he had wasted the time in front of him?  Time he would never get back.
Dean chafed his hand against the back of his neck before grabbing at the angel’s sleeve and tugging him back behind a large tree.
Dean supposed that the comment would have seemed apropos of nothing to anyone else, but when he gazed back up at his friend, the hunter saw recognition in his friend’s face.  Dean could barely breathe as Cas’s long fingers reached out and grasped the neck of the guitar, gently removing the instrument from Dean’s lap and placing it on the cooling hood of the Impala.  A ringing moment of silence passed.  When Dean didn’t think he could stand it any longer, he reached out with both hands, clasped the angel’s face between his palms, and brought their lips together with a rough jerk.
Actually, if Dean was really going to be honest with himself, Purgatory was easier.  It didn’t matter that he’d spent his entire life drowning in booze and sex; it didn’t matter if he was “worthy” enough for Heaven or fucked up enough to deserve Hell.  Whatever fuck-ups he made in the past didn’t touch him here, and on the flipside, neither did any of those shining moments of selflessness that he managed to stumble into now and then.  The only thing that mattered here was keeping sharp, staying alive.  Maybe that’s why Dean had only been able to open that door to Cas here: he was living his life on a knife edge, so whatever didn’t make him dead only made him more alive.  And there was something about the simplicity of your only choices being dead or alive that allowed you to live however the hell you wanted.   So what if he was fucked up enough to feel more at home in Purgatory than he did on Earth half the time?  The way he’d felt the last few nights when he’d had Cas against him made him feel more human, more alive, than he had in a long time, and he didn’t have to give a damn what anyone else but Cas thought about it.  If it weren’t for the gut-deep sadness from being without Sammy, Dean might have even said that he felt like the version of himself that felt the most … pure.  And so much of that had come from just giving up in the face of everything that had built up between him and Cas.  But how do you even start to put shit like that into words?
“Freakin’ witches,” he mumbles into his mug, but smiles.  He’s starting to sound like Dean.  Although, given that these particular witches had decided to attempt to resurrect the spirit of a known axe murderer, he feels it’s warranted.
.  And through it all, you pleasured yourself with fingers pressed inside your body.  Tell me, Dean: what were those fingers for?  What did they
A strange tension, like lightning, crackled in the air as the angel spoke, striding the short distance between himself and the hunter and glaring up into green eyes with a resolute gaze.
Cas lets out a windy gust of breath and presses their lips together, but it’s not really a kiss.  They just sort of pass the moist air back and forth between their mouths, taking each other into their lungs as Cas strains to bring them both to release.  Dean wraps one hand around his cock to stroke himself and winds the other into Cas’s hair, keeping their heads together as he crashes over the edge.  What feels like every muscle in his body clenching at the same time punches all the breath from Dean’s body; it almost feels like suffocating for a moment, and then he dimly registers Cas’s answering wordless gasp of noise as he comes.  A tremor like a fucking earthquake shakes through Cas above him and the angel clamps a hand over Dean’s left shoulder, right where that fucking handprint used to be.  Dean feels a shock like electrocution, seizes up, and his whole field of vision goes white.
Dean’s head spun as his angel kissed him, pressing their bodies together in the water that rose with every swell of the song rising around him.  That’s when Dean realized that it was Castiel’s whole being that sung to him, clasping them together in a grip as tight as a vice but soft as lace.  Smooth as silk.  Plush as velvet.  Dean felt the angel’s body glide against his in the ebb tide of the water, a huff of breath leaving his mouth as he gripped the slighter man’s hips and felt the heat of his body match Dean’s.  Castiel’s lips quirked up in a tiny smile before catching the hunter’s again in a branding kiss.
“You forget,” the angel rumbled in that voice that didn’t match his lithe, athletic frame, “I am Fallen.  I am no longer Heaven’s virtuous son and have not been for some time now.  I am the Prodigal.  I only continue to exist because my Father chooses to keep raising me, for reasons incomprehensible to any but Him.  Especially to me.”
At this, Dean stunned both of them by giving a hearty chuckle.  “Cas pictures himself as Heaven’s Naughtiest Angel, I think.  Makes him feel brave.”
“Yeah, I got that,” he said flatly.  After a long moment where the angel only appeared progressively guiltier, Dean finally said, “You’ve been healing me, haven’t you?  When I’m sleeping and the withdrawal gets bad.”
Dean strips and redresses himself quickly and efficiently, running over the whole escapade in his head.  Okay, another mind-blowing orgasm; always a plus.  Discovered a completely unexpected kink for giving a rim job; a plus?  Maybe?  Potential plus, anyway.  Probably warrants further investigation.  On the down side, since this little foray once again veered heavily towards visions of Cas, Dean finds it hard to nail down whether he was aroused because of what he saw or because he tied it back to Cas.  He had definitely seen some things that sparked his interest before the “angel” peaked it, but things hadn’t escalated until he saw somebody that reminded him of Cas.  Which wasn’t exactly a bad thing, really, but Dean is starting to get the feeling that this may be more about more than just Dean’s ‘bond’ to Cas.
It wasn’t really a question.  The angel’s expression told Dean everything he needed to know.  But he said it anyway.
“You are not a monster, Dean Winchester.  You are a strong, brave man who has spent his life facing down monsters.  You survived Hell.  You will survive Purgatory.  And you will do these things not because you are a monster, but because you have the fortitude to look monsters in the eye and refuse to allow their evil to best you.  Any other man would run mad in this place, would have left me behind to save his own life.  You have faced a never-ending onslaught of combat simply because you refuse to abandon someone a friend—” Castiel’s mouth pinched ruefully, “—whether that friend deserves such loyalty or not.”
laid by somebody almost half my age.  And why didn’t I?  Not because it was a guy, which I admit I got comfortable with amazingly fast.  Because of you, you awkward, nerdy, personal-space-disrespecting, I’m Completely Indifferent to Sexual Orientation-spouting
“—why don’t you make yourself useful for a change,” the vampire teased sleekly.  “Flutter off and get dinner for those of us who’ve actually contributed today, would you friend?  Remember, I like my meat nice and fresh?”
“Yes, but … Dean, the print on your shoulder wasn’t a result of the battle with the creatures of Hell.”
Dean’s voice creaked a bit and a light pink blush stained his cheeks.  Something about the words played false in Castiel’s ears.  They weren’t what the hunter had originally intended to say, he was sure of it.  Dean chanced a quick glance at Castiel, but something in that gaze made his friend suddenly nervous.  Castiel’s heart began to thunder within his chest in that brief glimpse; several swallows that jerked his Adam’s apple and Castiel’s throat still felt parched, as if he’d gulped a handful of desert sand.
Sam’s expression hardens a bit and then he tugs at Dean’s wrist.  Without thinking to question, Dean follows in Sam’s wake as he throws a quick, “Matt, I’m taking my fifteen!” to one of the other bartenders and drags Dean out a staff entrance door.  It’s distinctly quieter out here, though the bass still thumps loud enough to echo in Dean’s chest and there’s a pungent aroma of cigarette smoke and sweat.
Dean’s head thunks back against the wall and he decides he’s content to let Cas do all the work for a few minutes, just resting on the angel’s hips, his hands clenching and unclenching above his head, unconsciously mimicking the ripple of Cas’s thighs as the angel rolls his whole lower body in long, slow thrusts against Dean.  Cas seems totally at home in his body right now, bearing Dean’s weight easily on his thighs as they work to hold Dean up, stroking down on Dean’s cock as he thrusts up into him, making Dean’s eyes roll back in his head as he just rides the wave of the angel’s body.  Despite only being with one person – as far as Dean is aware – Cas seems to be surprisingly intuitive with how his body should move during sex, something that took Dean years to really learn himself; to be fair, he’d been a gawky teenager at the time.  Still, for someone who’s awkward as hell about literally everything else except fighting, the fact that Cas is a natural at fucking is just plain unfair.
The hunter’s fingers slipped a bit in their steady rhythm suddenly, and Dean ducked his face and stared determinedly at Castiel’s shoes just before raising his voice in the last verse.
A hitch in Castiel’s breath had him furrowing his brow in confusion.  Perhaps he had been more remiss in resting than he’d thought, as he detachedly noticed that his eyes were watering and the breaths leaving his chest quavered.  The more he rested and prayed for his friend, however, the more he found himself succumbing to shuddering gulps of air, trembling limbs, and streaming eyes.
Cas mumbles approval into Dean’s neck – “Good, Dean; very good” – and then the kisses trail over Dean’s shoulder, down his back, and dart away as Cas’s hands push at Dean’s pants, letting them puddle on the floor at his ankles.  Some rustling at his feet and Cas must have mojoed his clothes somewhere else because Dean is suddenly
And that was as complex as it had been to him then.  An honor and privilege, one of such glory that few other angels had ever had the chance to achieve, and he had been chosen for the task.  It hadn’t even occurred to Castiel to be afraid of Hell, afraid of failure or death.  They were fighting for God, so he thought.  For right and righteousness.  Even the horrifying reality of what Hell was, what Hell really
When he failed to elaborate, Dean threw his arms apart. "Okay, I give. If you're not trying to wrinkle out what Heaven is doing, why are poking around in my subconscious, huh?
He arches his back and lets out a groan, Cas sinking deeper inside.  Cas moans; Dean gasps.  He almost wishes he hadn’t had Cas pin his hands to the wall because with these slow rolling slides in and out, Dean really, really wants to just knead at Cas’s shoulders and let his body move with it.  He changes his mind, however, when Cas seems to have reached the end of his tether and the thrusts pick up speed.  As Cas’s motions get faster, Dean gets more and more of a jolt with each thrust.  Cas’s fingers dig into one of Dean’s hips so hard he’ll be bruised and the one wrapped around his cock practically flies.  This?  This would be
Had he taken the time to think about it, Castiel might have sworn that Dean was siphoning the air out of his lungs with that single kiss.  But thinking took time and effort, and the angel wanted to waste neither.  Instead, he concentrated on branding these feelings into his memory: the pressure of Dean’s hands against his cheeks, the slick slide of his plush lips against Castiel’s, the tiny hiccupping moans of noise the hunter made as Castiel allowed Dean to work his tongue into his mouth against his own.  The angel laced trembling arms around his friend’s waist, pulling the hunter closer and allowing the other man to clamp his legs firmly against Castiel’s thighs, trapping the angel in place, wedged between Dean and the cold metal of the car.  Castiel tried to express to the hunter through the movements of his tongue, his lips, his hands, everything that thrummed within his chest; he didn’t wriggle when Dean dropped his hands from the angel’s face to his shoulders, kneading at Castiel’s lean muscles and pulling him even tighter in the man’s grip, as if he expected to the angel to evaporate from the embrace if he showed weakness.
“Maybe … maybe a bit,” he said slowly.  “I guess I always just pictured you as this pure thing that wouldn’t have sex unless it ... it was ….”
The hunter watched him wearily once he gained his footing, raising the newly-recovered scythe as the vamp in the dark coat rose slowly from the ground.  It seemed to have no immediate intention to charge him, but Dean Winchester hadn’t survived a hunter’s life this long for being foolish.  Well.  Not all the time, anyway.  So he just kept his weapon as steady as he could and watched the other man as he wiped grimy palms on his coat.
“Don’t be such a prude, Sammy,” Dean grins and claps him on the shoulder, heading towards the fridge.  “Even butt sex is a beautiful thing.  Trust me on that one.”
nice to hear someone finally acknowledge everything that Dean dealt with every day, but the straight-forward praise was also strangely too much for the hunter to handle. So Dean changed the subject.
that has permeated every one of the fictions your mind has spun out. You see yourself as a strong, dominant creature when it comes to sex, Dean, yet even before exploring the possibility of sex with men, you always tended to choose women who were strong, assertive, sexually aggressive; you favored women who were pursuing you.  In essence, you chose women who took up the traditionally male role.  And despite the fact that you are the one initiating all of the sexual acts in each of these fantasies you’ve created about me, you’re always looking to me for
Cas had turned him on more than anything had in as long as he could remember.  So Dean does what he does with any problem: barrel straight at it, both middle fingers raised, and kick it in the ass.
Dean uses his chin to prod at Cas’s temple and the angel glances up to his eyes.  “Cas, please.  I don’t care if it hurts.  I just,” he gulps, can’t believe that these words leap to his tongue but forces them out, “I just want to feel you inside me.  Now.”
ass kicking for whatever the hell she did to you. I will use your angel blade to make that bitch's wings into a frickin' angel kabob, I guaran-damn-tee it."
"You're nowhere near as flamboyant as you want customers to believe because that act also dropped once you decided you actually liked me.  You're smarter than you let on, obvious from how well you peg people just from looking at them.  You nailed me on first glance and just from talking to you, I can tell that it wasn't a lucky shot.  You're quick, but you don't want people here to know it because smart doesn't get tips, pretty and flirty does."
“Dude.  One finger at a time, man,” Dean admonishes Giant Cock (whose face he still hasn’t seen, although obviously it’s not his most important feature).  “You can’t just jump straight to two.  Especially if you’re not lubing that shit up.”  Dean’s not exactly an expert, but
Though his cheeks heated with Dean’s confession, Castiel groused, “I couldn’t tell,” which for some reason made Dean laugh.  “I wasn’t as successful as you were, apparently.”
The eyes that fixed upon Dean’s in that moment didn’t seem tempered by the years of sorrow and hardship and mistakes that Cas had endured since they’d met; his eyes were the fierce, clear and icy blue of the angel that had strode towards him surrounded by gun blasts and lightning flashes and declared that God had work for him.  Had they been the declarative type, that would have been the moment that one of them, or perhaps even both, would have declared love.  Instead, Cas just said what he always said.
to be an authority figure.  Although Sam’s a nerd with an obvious hot-for-teacher hang up, so maybe it’s not all that surprising that Dean has developed a thing for guys that wouldn’t take any shit.  That thought definitely gets the blood pumping.
His human friend seem determined to give as good as he got, but when the angel scowled up at the hunter from barely inches away, something cracked in the hunter’s facade.  For a moment, Benny thought that he’d imagined it, but the angel seemed to notice it, too.  Never dragging his eyes away from Dean’s, Cas tipped his head to the side and his face melted into something more quizzical.  Whatever Castiel saw in Dean’s expression – and Benny would be damned if he could tell – caused the angel’s brows to veer upwards and the hunter’s cheeks to redden before he jerked both his eyes and his body away.  Dean mumbled something practically unintelligible and started to push past Benny to continue along their pre-established path.
And it was enough to have the hunter tumbling over his peak into the void, cushioned by Cas’s warm body, steady breaths, and gentle hands at his shoulders.  For just a moment, his sins were forgiven and Dean felt pure.
lesson.  So when he did manage to find no sign of creatures stalking him during the day, he’d shinnied up the tallest tree he could find, tied himself to a sturdy branch, and allowed himself to cat nap.  If they were going to come after him while he was vulnerable, he’d make it as hard for the fuckers as he could.
Castiel barely even registered the noisy gasp that left his mouth.  He was, however, very aware of the hoarse groan that left Dean’s parted lips when Castiel closed his hand reflexively in surprise, slotting the hard length of flesh into his palm.
Dean focuses on breathing.  It seems the only sensible thing to do when your same sex best friend has you pinned to a wall in a seedy motel, discussing your bisexuality crisis fantasies and threatening to Fifty Shades of Grey you into orgasmic oblivion.  He’s not completely sure about the orgasming part, but pretty god-damned certain, considering that Cas hasn’t taken his hand away from Dean’s face and leers at Dean like he intends to devour him.  That and the extremely suggestive fact that Dean is at least 93% sure that he feels a raging hard-on pressed against him where Cas straddles his thigh.
Obeying Dean’s low mumbles of encouragement, Castiel’s pulse raced at each moan of “tighter”, “faster”, “twist at the top,
So if you've read this before, you've probably noticed that it's been an insanely long time since I updated.  I won't go into the many, varied reasons and RL things that have kept me away - from this fic in specific but from writing fic in general - but I am back.  If you've read this before and have stuck with me, I can't thank you enough.
“And I just had to chat with my baby brother about deciding I want to screw a guy-shaped angel.  I think I’ve earned it.”
Rummaging through his bag, he eventually unearths a pair of jeans that aren’t his nicest but hang low on his hips and hug his ass like crazy, which can’t be bad if he’s trying to appeal to dudes, right?  They ride a little tight on his crotch – which is why he doesn’t wear them much anymore – but that’s probably not too bad either, considering Dean is a little more blessed in the package department than most and hey, if you got it, flaunt it.  He starts to pull out one of his nicer henleys and stops.  No, this is a club he’s going to, not a bar.  He digs around for a minute and pulls out a plain black t-shirt; okay, a bit boring, but Sam shrunk the hell out of it last time he did the wash (payback for some kind of prank Dean pulled) with the result that it’s clingy as fuck … but hugs every muscle, shows off the guns, and just hits the top of his jeans.  Ridiculous and impractical for hunting monsters, but hunting men?  Dean twists this way and that as he gazes in the mirror, watching the shirt move over his upper body, the way it pulls up and shows an inch-wide strip of his stomach (which is still flat, fuck you very much middle age) when he moves.  Perfect.  A minute or two spent on his hair and he thinks he’s actually good to go.  He leaves his jacket on the bed – not like he needs it in July in Atlanta anyway – jams his wallet in his jeans pocket, and palms his keys.  There’s a nervous flutter in his stomach which he resolutely ignores as he shuts the motel door and strides out to Baby.
Cas’s reaches out towards Dean’s bag, and with a tiny glance in that direction the small bottle and a foil package just freaking
Dean’s heart thunders in his chest and he’s feeling that kind of courage that always proceeds doing something incredibly stupid.
Dean’s joints move stiffly despite Cas’s healing; he wonders if it’s to do with nervousness.  As soon as Dean’s facing the wall, Cas uses his knee to nudge Dean’s legs further apart and now Dean knows it’s nervousness.  Cas smooths his slender body against Dean’s back, and the fact that Dean is only an inch or so taller means that the undeniable hard rise of Cas’s erection slides into the now-open space at the top of his thighs and nudges at the back of his testicles.  Dean’s heart races and his arms twitch at his sides.  He doesn’t want to admit that he’s scared now, but damn it he’s
