"Keep doing that, then," Sherlock says, quiet, "for me," and then sighs, nosing down John's jaw, and pulls back: and all the air that rushes in to take his place is hollow and cold and raw.
"Christ." John laughs, wild at the edges. Swallows. "You'd better go, your virtue's not safe from me."
"Something," Sherlock echoes: and then swallows. "I thought—you're wearing m—you've got on the suspender belt."
It ought to be a question, perhaps, but it isn't. It isn't really a question, and Sherlock doesn't really need to say, "No," so quietly; but he does; and John folds their fingers together, rubbing his thumb along the soft-satiny back of Sherlock's long hand.
Or. "I promise to not shag other people for as long as I can possibly manage it," John says, hushed. Better. Correcting. "And to tell you, if I can't."
like he is: that unhappiness is radiating off him, is part of what John is touching, with Sherlock in his arms. Sherlock is curved in towards John's body in John's bed like—like an uncertain plant-ish tendril, at the very coldest harshest starting edge of spring: in the quiet John rubs their knees together in their stockings and pets at Sherlock's ribs, at his satiny shoulders, at the cut of his collarbones and the taut-strung lines of his throat; as millimeter by millimeter Sherlock slow shifts his whole body closer, uncurling towards him: like the unwinding whorls of a tender green growing little fern.
, he just wants—he says, "Is it all right, like that, if I—pretend," but it comes out wrong. Curving down at the end.
it," and John drags his knickers aside enough to get his mouth over him and shivering all over against him Sherlock groans. He smears wetbitter warm on John's tongue and the weight of him,
. Odd: John'd never been particularly close to his own parents. He doesn't know why, for Sherlock, he should so much more feel the lack. Sherlock's mum lives in Manchester. He could visit her tomorrow, if he wanted. John's mum'd died when he was twenty-one, and at that point it'd mostly been a relief.
Eyes squeezed tight shut. Hand tight on John's skull. John on his knees between his thighs with his fingers up him watching Sherlock's chest slow, slowly, fade: and unflatteringly. John all over hot and tender, overwhelmed. Fingers in him. Full up with him. Cells from his body in John's body: Christ. John feels like he's about to cry.
—" fingers curling and— "God. Yeah. It feels great, I—" snuggling the whole warm aromatic stretch of his sweaty body up against John's body, his erection wet against the back of John's thigh. "Christ," John gasps, jerking—out, arm shoving—
John doesn't stop. He has to stretch to get the stocking up, bending over Sherlock's legs, their legs, sliding the stocking slowly up Sherlock's soft skin, trying not to rub the hairs on his leg up the wrong way as he goes. Failing, probably; but Sherlock doesn't say. Sherlock doesn't say anything. John half-wishes he weren't wearing the suspender belt: he can't reach Sherlock's thighs without shifting, and when he clambers up onto his knees to reach, the suspenders pinch, dig in. But—but then: he is watching Sherlock suspended stretched out on the duvet looking up at him, his still silent dear face, John kneeling across-beside Sherlock's long right leg, and settling the band 'round his taut thigh. Flattening his hands. That small sweet soft swell of flesh, curved, only just; and his femoral triangle, which helpless John touches:
. Nine, don't—don't stop," so John doesn't stop. Sherlock moans. John squirms, pulls him wider, works his tongue in, and Sherlock just moans and opens, lets John kiss him wet, drooling all up and down him good and wet, Sherlock grunting into the duvet with John in between his spread legs licking-licking-licking him, thumbs massaging his firm round arse while he squirms as starving John fucks him open with his tongue. Sherlock is shameless: voice broken up in his throat, shoving back onto John's mouth into John's hands, and it'd take a stronger man than John to resist the way Sherlock opens right up for John's tongue as deep as his teeth, shoving his prick into the mattress with his tongue up Sherlock's arse held open while Sherlock squirms squirming wanton and breathless and if Sherlock would just let him, if moaning underneath him humping at the air Sherlock could just bloody well
The room settles. A muffled, fabricky sort of semi-silence: next door, Cleo's client laughs: a young, bright, bubbling thing; and John closes his eyes.
"No—because it makes me furious," Sherlock says dismissively; and John feels his face get hot. "Even though you chose to go somewhere where lots of people got to point weapons at you—"
"How about," John says, "I get a flannel and then come back, because—well, frankly, if we wait another five minutes I'm going to pass out and end up glued to you, and." He laughs, feeling awkward, heart beating hard and his blood tide-unsteady. He says, "Symbolic appeal of that aside."
"I—yes." John is watching Sherlock's face: the queer softness of his mouth; the way, lashes vibrating with tension, he is very carefully not meeting John's eyes. "All right," John says. He is thinking:
, and I—I had sort of excruciatingly humiliating conversation with your brother—" the prissy-pinched mouth comes back, for that— "but that's nothing new, and I—"
! Some—some handsome, arrogant artist-type, 92% ego by volume, probably—Christ, in those awful Mills and Boon cover velvet trousers and waistcoats, would it have been? in 1993? Long legs crossed at the knee in Mrs. Holmes's cluttered living room while she fluttered over his latest composition at the piano and he turned glittering eyes on the beautiful boy hovering in the doorway: hesitating, holding back, in a ratty too-big t-shirt, and an elderly pair of acid wash jeans. But if
"I ought to've got a second suspender belt," John says, but Sherlock looks away, mouth twisting, so John says, "Or," and then, gently, "Water": rubbing his thumb over Sherlock's hot cheek.
"I just can't help but notice that you and I've found a bloody efficient way to dispose of our off hours," John says, "these past couple days."
, before a woman in the doorway says, "Dr. Watson?" He turns, says, "Yes, please, come in," and shuts his desk drawer with a thump.
—and then all at once peels himself soft open easy for Sherlock as he wants to be soft-open-easy for Sherlock as he is in his brain and his heart and his bones softopeneasy for Sherlock and his moods and his ego and his uncertainty his sweetness his red face and lovely eyes and
"Yeah," John agrees. He drinks the last of his too-sweet tea and sets the cup on the coffee table. Leans back until Sherlock's warm weight presses back up to his side.
Sherlock's fingers are very gentle. Soft circles: lower, lower. "Hurts?" he asks, and John breathes damp cotton. He can taste, very faintly, the days-old memory of Sherlock's skin. "John," Sherlock says. "Does it hurt?"
He stops. John rubs his mouth up under Sherlock's throat. "It's all right," barely whispered. John tasting nothing but relief as he says, "Sorry. I thought I was—Christ. Sorry."
John nods. "Oughtn't to stay in that forever, probably, though," he murmurs, petting their knuckles down to the base of Sherlock's belly, and Sherlock sighs.
"Hm." Sherlock takes another bite of toast. Crumbs everywhere. John wants to lie down with him and wrap them 'round and around and around with a blanket so that they are pressed together and immobile, cocooned together like the incongruous ingredients in a particularly unlikely sort of burrito: an absurd mental image that bursts into John fully formed, red-purple and hot and yearning for a long shivering instant before it is inevitably joined by a conjuring of Sherlock's probable accompanying expression: scrunched-together scowling eyebrows, turtled mouth, nineteen chins. Coat, too, probably, collar turned up to frame that accusatory face. But beside him at the table Sherlock is saying, "But you deleted them... later," sounding tired and off-balance and uncertain; and John is recalled to the reality of him: his hunched-up shoulders and stale body-smells: he couldn't summon that face just now if he wanted to, John doesn't think; and John suspects he wouldn't much want to, either.
Sherlock doesn't say anything. After a moment, John rests his forehead back against Sherlock's spine. Tender, bruised.
. A fluency that John, at least, has not ever mastered. Then John—who had spent the four months since Harry'd moved to Edinburgh preferring to sublet her room in their flat a half-mile away to a succession of unreliable strangers rather than give up their overpriced lease and move back into the flat he'd once shared with his entire life and already had for free—had thought:
He's looking down, still. Away. "Most things," John says, finally. He doesn't know how else to answer.
," giggling, helpless, as Sherlock digs his fingers into John's ribs, merciless, "entire—stacks of A4 folders, piling up on his desk,
, the way—the way you, you looked like you were starving for it when you—you were just sucking on my bloody
In the kitchen Sherlock's inquisitorial curve of shoulder and back is bent over two empty plates with a pot, and there's lager on the bottom shelf of the fridge so John opens the cupboard and gets out a bottle of wine. He'd bought it six months ago: it'd been a waste, really; more expensive than what he usually drinks, for the sake of a third date that never happened with a buxom redhead who'd worked in IT, and here it was languishing in their kitchen cupboards, for what, really? He's never going to drink it unless he just drinks it. He uncorks it; Sherlock glances over; John holds the bottle up, eyebrow raised, as a matter of form; but then Sherlock says, "Yeah, thanks," and turns away.
Sherlock is quiet for a long, long time. Finally he asks, "Is this part of your typical gentle doctorly speech about erectile dysfunction," his voice thick; and John presses all over against him. Heat is radiating off Sherlock's sweaty face: John cups his red cheek in his palm.
—pulls out his fingers, and— "Up," Sherlock murmurs, "roll up for me—good," as somehow John gets himself over onto his side. Sherlock reaches across him to dig the lube out of the pillows, and throat tight John twists his face into the pillow and pushes two fingers into himself, gasping: not nearly enough. Sherlock kisses his shoulder—his cheek—and nuzzling at the side of John's throat he pets wet fingerprints against the edges of John's burning body, his hand fitting—John's hand—
dressing gown," and Sherlock starts laughing, loud and ungainly. "Kept me bundled up good and proper all the next winter," John says earnestly, "let me tell you," just as Sherlock flicks a broken inch of noodle at him, smacking into his cheek. Superb.
"Sewell has had allergies and serious asthma since he was a student," Sherlock says. "Serious enough that even his department head knew about it."
The fingers of his left hand are still tucked awkwardly under Sherlock's neck: he pets over a vertebra, then winds them back in. Stretches his arms up overhead, yawning.
!" coat ballooning out at the bottom with his body in an ink-slash 'X' as John slid into place beside him shoulders square hand up thumb down,
; a strange traveler, from a far-distant land. Sherlock seems, annoyingly, halfway unreal. As though if John turned his head he might vanish. Forcing himself to look away from him John focuses on his washing powder and not Sherlock, gorgeous and improbable, wearing John's clothes and scratching at the mess of his hair, thumbing his sheet music open—but. But then John wonders: why? Why shouldn't he? Why
"Yes," Sherlock says, "please," with his fingers curling against John's side; and John kisses him, close-mouthed.
"Fucking against the fridge," Sherlock says. John can feel his own mouth tug, uneven: a rueful, lopsided smile.
"That's code for 'you smell like we spent all morning shagging,' isn't it," says Sherlock, wry. John feels it as much as hears it, buzzing in his ribs.
John breathes. Breathes: wrapping his arms tight 'round Sherlock's warm middle. He tucks his nose down into Sherlock's collar, and breathes him in.
"A good hard rogering with that little toy of yours," Sherlock adds, and pops a bite of chicken into his mouth.
at various points before finally revealing himself to John and the rest of his disgruntled supporting cast—had been a clue that John'd been a fool of the absolute first order to ignore; it had also become nearly shamefully obvious the degree to which all of these arrangements had been structured so as to make it easy for Sherlock to ultimately return. But at the time, back when Sherlock was dead, what it'd meant was that some time in 2013 John'd found himself one morning making a solitary cup of tea in a kitchen where he didn't dare turn his head lest he catch sight of Sherlock's hollow empty bedroom behind Sherlock's quietly closed door; and then realized that it didn't matter about the money; that John simply couldn't live there anymore. Then he'd spent an agonizing eighteen months bouncing from dreary flat to dreary flat where he'd barely unpacked his bags and paid the rent with money that wasn't his before he'd finally let himself back into Baker Street with the key he'd never taken off his key ring, drunk about a pint of whiskey on an empty stomach, and then had an absolutely massive howling breakdown on the floor of Sherlock's abandoned bedroom. It hadn't been a particularly bright period in John's life. When Sherlock'd come back it hadn't felt like Dorothy stepping into Oz, the world suddenly and beautifully rolling out around her in color. It'd felt like they'd turned the oxygen back on.
John swallows. Kisses the corner of his mouth, as soft as he can; and Sherlock swallows. Loud. "As long," John says, quiet, "as you need": and Sherlock says, "Stay."
; Sherlock's dressing gown is on the back of the door which is half-open. John slides one hand into one sleeve and then another into another: slip through, waterfall. It's blue, too long. John does up the tie, not tight. It is silk.
"Oh!" She blinks. "John!" She shifts her basket, left hand to right. "Sorry, I'm a a bit jet-lagged, not all together—"
He's moved on to making tea and toast by the time Sherlock comes out dressed all the way down to his jacket and shoes and says, "What do you know about opera?"; to which John replies, "Old posh white people"; and then Sherlock slides on a pair of thick-framed tortoiseshell spectacles, which ought to make him look like he's trying too hard to be hip and of course instead make him look like he's soon to be starring in some sort of Oxbridge post-graduate fellowship porno, says, "Well, two out of three," while standing far too close, and then—John can't be sure, but—Sherlock bends to—apparently—smell the back of John's neck.
God: John shifts, careful. Slow. He pulls away from him slowly, just enough to turn; rolls over so their knees touch, so they are lying curled up face to face. Sherlock is red from his scalp to his knees, curled up like an unhappy caterpillar, his eyes squeezed shut tight. John brushes his knuckles over Sherlock's cheek, touches his chin; holds him still, unnecessarily, for a sweet, down-soft kiss.
Stretching above him—against him—magnet-pulling John's floating arms up up up until their fingers fold together, pulled up above his head. Sherlock says, "You always feel dangerous," quiet. With his taut-expanding weight on John's taut-expanding chest.
Hollow John swallows. "Can you—hard, something that—" swallowing and swallowing, gasps, "—that h-hurts—" and Sherlock pulls out hand flat ringing out stinging all over John's burning arse as John groans, fucking his half-hard prick into the pillow. Sherlock kisses his nape and his throat and John swallows, swallows; reaches—and bowed above him, warm sweatyclose lovely arc, left-handed Sherlock presses John's hands tight to the base of the headboard, and holds them there. Pinned. John whimpers and is still.
Sherlock is there, of course. Well past the cordon; blocked, John thinks, from the street cameras by a van; standing half-hidden behind a column with his collar up and his hands in his pockets while DS Wilson, Samson Hawe's sergeant, talks his ear off: DI Hawe himself, of course, is nowhere to be seen, presumably busy with counter-terrorism instead of grassing on Sherlock to Lestrade. At the Eye, the police'd had to take the CCTV capture down while they reviewed earlier footage:
"You feel." Sherlock breathless; John licks out—at, at his moving far-away impossible mouth— "Really good, I—is it, do you like it," unsteady, and stretched seawater-slick John nods shivering and nods as Sherlock whispers, "Yeah?" and John gasps, "Yeah, I—I love it, I—
A thump. Sherlock is standing on the tipped-up edge of the sofa, wriggling his arms out of the jumper. Pulling it off over his electric-shock hair. He drops the jumper on the sofa cushions. Meets John's eyes. Raises an eyebrow.
Next to him Sherlock is breathing hard. The bloke on the screen's got his legs scissored in between and over his partner's, pushing in, a little; in and out: just a bit. Sherlock is pressed all up against John's side, so that when John moves his wrist his upper arm flexes against Sherlock and his rolled-up white sleeves. John can't help the way he's breathing; doesn't want to, Sherlock's face half-turned breath hot. John reaches up, heart pounding; Sherlock's breath hot-cold on the sensitive spaces between his fingers, and then he gives John's palm two thick, thorough licks. John angles his face towards him, gets his hand back on his cock. Tugs his foreskin down with thumb and forefinger, shows Sherlock the flushed-pink head of him, shining for him. Wet. Sherlock swallows: up-down, up-down; John's empty right hand—on, on his balls through his boxers, on the shirt rucked up 'round his belly, on Sherlock's shirtfront. Out of the corner of his eye John can see the bloke kneeling up on the video press his partner's shoulders down towards the mattress for a better angle on their fuck.
, Sherlock," he says, exasperated; and Sherlock starts laughing. Presses his face to John's skin, arms braced around his thighs; nuzzling over John's hips, petting at his wet erection while John rubs at his hair, warm and pleased-frustrated overfull
John swallows. Nods, and so Sherlock's lashes smudge down against his cheeks, as he fits his soft mouth back around John's cock.
Sherlock takes the lube right out of John's hand pops it open, squeezing out slick-shining onto his long fingers while John is climbing back up onto him kneeling up while—God—Sherlock strokes himself—then touches, rubbing—and then—
John feels a hot flush of something very much like anger roll across him. "Yeah, I do." Snappish. Harsh. Watching Sherlock busily polish off the last of John's chicken. "What business is it of yours?"
and then Sherlock'd bribed a cabbie to drive too fast while John rung up Greg, Donovan, Hopkins before getting an answer. Then when Sherlock'd finally,
"Here?" John murmurs; "Five," Sherlock says, rough, "or‚ or four, it'd be—but right now—"; "It's probably a seven on me," John murmurs, and Sherlock moans, "
Sherlock inhales. "Yeah," he says, and then licks over his own bottom lip. "Sometimes I like to get it up me and then get dressed just to—to see."
"I want you to get me kitted out like a professional tart and then fuck me through the leghole of my knickers," Sherlock tells him, gravelly and thick; and then flattens his hand across his hot, red face.
to move the threat to half six instead, and the only thing we can think of was that he'd realized that the hordes started queuing quite early in the day."
"All right," John says, and then takes a breath, long and slow, and says, very quietly, "But it's distressing to you anyway."
Sherlock nods. His face scraping up John's shoulder and nape, arm sliding 'round his chest to draw their ribs together, tight: John shudders all over, and against his ear Sherlock whispers, "Me, too."
John brushes his knuckles over Sherlock's wrist as he takes a mug, then leans over to pass it to Mycroft, while Sherlock bolts back into the kitchen without another word.
"Lie down?" John asks, and when Sherlock nods John takes his hand and leads him back into Sherlock's bedroom, over to his neatly made, hospital-cornered bed: Sherlock doesn't even untie his laces, just pries his shoes off with his toes and drops the spectacles on the floor and then lies down on top of the duvet with his eyes closed, looking pale and exhausted. His suit jacket's still on, even with his shirt unbuttoned. John climbs up next to him. Unfastens the tie on his dressing gown because Sherlock is worming his way under it, fastening his arm around John's middle, pressing his face to John's shoulder, nudging his knee just in between John's knees.
"Better, uh." John swallows. "Take it easy, yeah? Or you're going to..." Sherlock's lashes flick, looking up, and John brushes a thumb across them, soft and clean.
," John gasps; and Sherlock face up wide-eyed "Lonely?" echoed but helpless John wraps his arms around Sherlock's shoulders heart pounding desperate swallowing a thick anxious-immovable knot and—and kissing him, helpless, kissing mouth cheek mouth temple temple mouth chin jaw mouth and wanting—wanting Sherlock—wanting Sherlock to never feel— "Is it," can't, wet and stinging, gasping, "is it like that, is it like that all the time," unswallowed, with Sherlock's hot face in his hands and John wants, John can't, hot-overflowing: "You let me—" voice cracked, wet face: "all the time, why would you let me—"
His mouth. Soft. Soft, so John makes himself soft. Mouth soft hands soft kissing soft as Sherlock has been soft is wanting—
"And I—it feels good and sometimes it's—it's c-comforting," Sherlock finishes: a whisper, barely. Face hot getting hotter. Nodding, John kisses his cheek.
"When I said six and a half minutes," Sherlock says, "I meant of you actually masturbating, not all this—please, don't misunderstand me, extremely tender and moving—romantic foreplay."
They sit. Soak, warmly. Somewhere downstairs John's sheets must be done in the washing. Sullenly knotted up in the machine, starting to think about molding.
"I know—Thai, tonight." Sherlock turns his face, sighs into the duvet. "I was going to get you Thai."
," he says, "or—grading your performance, or something like"; and Sherlock shoots him a quick sideways look, sharp, then looks away. Blushing, all over, again.
Air slapped out of him. Lungs and John rubs his wet hand up his aching cock. Groans—and Sherlock curls his long hand around John's left heel. Split open for him pressing his own two fingers not deep enough while he can't, can't bear, couldn't—could
Sherlock snorts. "Clara drinks wine out of stemless glasses and refers to the step just inside her front door as a
and Sherlock's mouth his chin his throat and gasping, "John, are you, are you going to," moan-bit half-swallowed split in two: his mouth. his mouth. His mouth. His mouth. Soft-pinkwet lips parting on John's lips parting his throat his chin and "Take me," John says, unsteady, "up—right up to the edge"; and Sherlock whines against his skin. "Please," John whispers: Sherlock's thick sweat-damp disordered hair. Under his hand haphazard Sherlock nods. Hungry, nods; and presses his mouth to John's mouth. "Hold still," Sherlock murmurs: so John is held, is still. Sherlock breathing out kissing-close warm against him. His hand around him: dragging long electric-buzzing—up—his skin—
, and drops his hand to his lap. Cutting into his French toast with the side of his fork and then taking a bite, chewing deliberately, while he rubs his big thumb into the arch of John's bare foot.
John's mouth. His cheeks. He knocks his knees into Sherlock's knees under the table and says, "There's no one else in here," thinking—
"Oh, you know, beastly weather, annoying people," Sherlock says. "Manchester, essentially. Dodson's got this woman working for her, fancies herself a regular Vidocq." He pauses, then says, "But Mrs. Jameson's been released."
," John says, "I was so—": stopping. Thick. He manages, "I was lonelier than I'd ever—": but then he has to stop, again.
"I'm wearing my shoes," Sherlock says, but then promptly pries them off with his toes, letting them thump onto the floor and probably scuffing them up, but instead of whinging on about it like usual he just slides over and buries his face down into the collar of John's dressing gown. Breathes in.
Sherlock closes his eyes. Hips shifting, far away: his breath, drawn in through his nose off the plains and valleys of John's skin and John wants—John wants—and sucking him in deep-tight-close-hot-
Sherlock swallows. Up-down, John thinks, aching, in concert with Sherlock's throat again moving: up-down.
," and then puts his hands back over his face: shivering huddled away from John washed over with all the wrongness of his hunched-up body shaking hands and that terrible absurd
"I don't know how I can be clearer," Sherlock says. John sets his scrubbed dish clattering on the draining board and picks up the pan. "I—I don't mind looking after you, I—"
"Are you worried that he's going to leave you?" George asks, "or are you worried about what you did when he left last time?"; and "Christ," John mutters, and then presses the heels of his hands into his eyes.
you know how they go, theoretically." Sherlock doesn't answer, and John fastens the last hook and eye together and then wriggles the belt about himself, with an absurd little hip jiggle added just to make Sherlock bark out a laugh. "Yeah?" John asks. He jiggles again, and Sherlock snorts. "I know," John says, "I, too, find flaccid dangling penises fantastically sexy—"
John brushes a thumb against him, just where his arse meets the mattress, and Sherlock inhales. John's back is prickling up.
After a moment, Sherlock exhales. Straightens. "I trust that you've kept count," he says, Holmes top to bottom: untouchable, self-possessed; and the cane lies narrow and cool across the too-bent ache in his back and John whispers, "Nine, sir," and the cane whips up:
"Oh, well," Sherlock says. "If it's too much of a distraction." He sounds, John notes, extremely self-satisfied.
John gasps, presses the top of his head to the door. Sherlock's palm on his chest, sliding down—petting his belly in ever-lower circles with his other hand on his arse— "Better like this." Sherlock pries him apart—slides into his crack—rubs against him: John bites at the meat of his thumb— "Just consider: me rubbing against you until I can't stand it," Sherlock whispers, "let me soak your back"; and John moans. "Yeah?" Sherlock whispers, and John jerks out a nod: "You thought about that?" and a nod; "Shouldn't though, should you?" and John nods, nods; and then whimpers when Sherlock steps back. "Or me shoved to the root inside you," fingers hard on John's thighs, "shouldn't think about that, should you," shoving John's jeans the rest of the way to his knees: "but you do."
Shadows, all over. No lights. The sun'd still been well up when they'd finished the washing up. The draining-blue dusk slipping in through their wide open windows, skin stuck to skin: Sherlock's mouth just resting, on John's scraping too-rough cheek.
Gasping. Sparked. Stings. Sherlock's dark-round all-pupil eyes his mouth his mouth his mouth: gulping air John tips his forehead to Sherlock's forehead, breathes. Breathes. Looking down at Sherlock's long white hand on his cock. Tugging him up: slow. Inside him hot-hard barely moving (he'd feel it, he must feel it, whenever) John shivers as Sherlock pulls him back down slick-shining and bared. Welling up: John gasps. Blinking hard. Sherlock inhaling long slow-slow sliding his hand back upover the head of John's lead-heavy aching cock. A tremor, starting somewhere down deepinside him. Resonant his bones. Sherlock rubs him down slow
, he commands: he breathes. Except for that one time John doesn't make promises he can't keep. They didn't fuck, last night. Sherlock spent two nights in Amsterdam and had already known and then fell asleep in John's bed kissing John with the lights on, snuggled up with him as soon as he woke up: breathe.
John drops his hand. "More tea?" he asks, pushing up to his feet; and Sherlock takes a breath, leaning back so that John can take his empty plate.
(which, no, is not abandoned, just hanging out in a drawer while I finish grad school). Please don't drop S4 spoilers in my comments/inbox; it makes it super hard for me to write.
Sherlock doesn't say anything. He traces a fingertip over the edge of John's ear. John's whole body is shaking. He would've. He would've kissed him in every mostly-quiet half-dark corner and wriggled his body against him in silence in his ancient narrow single bed; would've—would've let him push him up against anything he wanted, would've—would've touched him everywhere and licked his ears and kissed all up and down his tender hairless throat, would've met him every weekend and touched himself delirious with him every night and—and snuck out bottles of his mum's cheap wine to share with him, if he wanted, he would've—would've carried him on his sodding handlebars, he would've lit his cigarettes, touched his hair, held his hand, if John hadn't—if he hadn't been such a—
Enveloped: John breathes. In Afghanistan the sky had been a kind of huge he'd never understood before: the blanket of space above them; the stars so bright they threw shadows, on new-moon nights. It'd been—terrifying, almost: to see it for the first time, all that—
Swallow. John swallows. Is staring. Staring at the wall. Their wall. Sherlock warm underneath him. Arms warm around him, face warm in his throat: John wants—to take care of him: absurd. He wipes one shaking hand across his own wet face. Down to Sherlock's silent shoulder. Hanging on.
him, a warm, rangy question-mark of a body, some scant five meters behind him: waiting for the water to boil, and the kettle to click off; shifting to pour it out when it does. John can. He can, he can
John doesn't follow. It must show on his face because Sherlock's expression settles into something improbably earnest, and he asks, "If you'd like, I could hit you with something else."
"For the past five years," Sherlock says, too loudly; "I've been—": breaking off around a queer, breathless sound: twisted off, choked up, as he squeezes his eyes shut tight and John shifts closer on the duvet, drawing him in: putting his arms around Sherlock's hunched-up arms and shoulders and pulling until they are pressed everywhere head to toe together as Sherlock grinds out, "
—cold and hot and cold, feet apart arms braced full on display—as Sherlock murmurs, "I've heard of a method or two, for handling boys like you"; and John's skin prickles up all over in a half-second of scalding realization just before Sherlock smacks him hard on the arse.
"Thanks," John says, quiet. "For." He sighs, rubs at his forehead, then. Then he tucks his arm around Sherlock's middle and loosens his body into Sherlock's body and presses his face into Sherlock's throat. "For the tea."
Outside the windows the day grows brighter, heavier: pressing in close in mustards and silver as the clouds get thicker and the heat settles in. John eats the danish at eleven and a sandwich at noon and cracks his window open at one; it doesn't help much. Sherlock's been quiet all morning, probably fussing with his stitches and annoying Greg; a theory born out when, at a quarter past two, John receives:
Swallowing (closeloud), Sherlock says, "Six." Quiet: shocking, John pulls back as Sherlock whispers, "Five point five":
," says Sherlock, thick and raw and then groaning shoves in sparklers all over and John. Breathes. Breathes. Breathes. "Christ I want you I want to take you apart I want," Sherlock gasps: and then shivering hunching up clinging mashes his face tight to John's face.
"So I asked you," he agrees. Voice rough. "How?"; and stretching underneath him Sherlock hums, as John bends back down.
John wants to shuffle over touch his crossed arm and his shoulder but "I'm sorry," John says. Swallows. "Truly, I didn't mean it, you always do—just what I want," and thick and jagged around his cracked open jumble of—of his ribs, "you—you're so," finally, "sweet to me"; as a pace and a half away Sherlock's throat moves, up-down, up-down, but he unfolds his arms.
Sherlock asks the Head of Opera a series of rather invasive questions about his students, his classes, five separate past graduates (two of his department, two from composition, and a cellist), then proceeds to interrogate his off hours, his hobbies, his personal life, and his sexual habits. After they've been tossed out of his office too, Sherlock is smirking, a very little: he sends a pair of texts before they've even left the building. "Sorted?" John confirms.
"That what you do?" John asks. "Tug on that, instead of—instead of letting yourself," and then stops, and Sherlock laughs a little, sounding scraped up.
"Yeah," John admits, and shivers, swallowing, pressing his face down into the pillow. "God." Stretched-spreading open: he still feels soaking wet. "How much lube did you use?"
," he says, low and tight; and Sherlock's eyes flick down to his and then lock: blue-green and yellow and
"I should've—." Half into John's mouth: John lets him pull back. Sherlock's cheeks are a little flushed. "I ought to've," Sherlock says, and then scrubs a hand through his hair and says, "Could you push the duvet back?" and heads back into the en suite, John awash in bare air. John's stomach feels too high. Clenched. He breathes out steady and slow and forces it down, down, down; then takes the half-step back to the bed and rolls Sherlock's duvet open, drapes it open across the foot of the bed so it hangs down to the floor, baring the crisp white expanse of his clean hospital-cornered sheets. Sherlock comes back with two fresh fluffy white towels. John's stomach tips and rolls. He isn't nervous. He doesn't think he's nervous. It's just—it's awkward, really; almost hopelessly so: standing about in Sherlock's bedroom completely starkers, helping him arrange towels over his bed with the duvet tossed back and the bottom sheet bared because just a few days ago Sherlock'd put on fresh sheets. But it still amplifies the thud of John's heart, loud in his ears: the whole of the why; the looks Sherlock keeps shooting him across the bed, half lustful, half something vast and nameless besides. Once they've got the towels spread out John straightens up, not knowing what to do; ought he to lie down, or—or go back to the other side of the bed to Sherlock, or—he rubs his palms on his thighs. The sun is getting low. The light going grey. John wishes he hadn't taken off his pants, or that the room were—brighter, or darker, or—
"You mean," John says, "even though I'm generally so reluctant to let you, or—" and Sherlock's face breaks into a soft, sheepish smile. John rubs his knuckles over Sherlock's hot cheek.
"But he didn't teach me that I—shouldn't get off, or that I shouldn't get what I want, or that I had to—"
"All right," he says, "so I just screwed some guy you knew"; and Sherlock scrunches his nose up, and then slides back down. Tucking John's tight shoulder underneath his warm cheek.
"Look." He tries to explain. "I had this mum in today. Couldn't've been much more than twenty." Still makes his chest feel tight: Daisy Bowcott's liquid brown eyes and young, round face, framed by muddy-blonde hair pulled back in a frizzy ponytail; her fair English-rose skin turned a painful-looking red all over her cheeks and chest and shoulders, welled up in big splotchy patches of inflamed, itching bumps. "Three kids," John explains. "Had to bring them with her. Barely getting by, no support, sick half just from stress and worry, and I—"
He's expecting—an answer, possibly direct. Innocence, he will suppose, in retrospect; but of course Sherlock knows more about sex than on the surface he shows: John might've doubted that Sherlock would take it for the standard it is, but John's mobile buzzes, indecently quick, for Sherlock to tell him,
—" and John reaches up to find Sherlock's white-knuckled fist on the duvet and interlace their fingers, tight, while Sherlock pants, "I—ngh—J—" and twitches while John sucks, licks him wet and drooling, open-mouthed, works his tongue up the underside with his lips drawn
John chews and swallows. "Yeah," he says, reaching for his cup, "sounds it"; and Sherlock makes his constipated-owl exasperated face at him, across the tops of their tea.
He breathes: Sherlock breathes. He breathes. Sherlock breathes. Steady and careful John breathes because he is breathing. In bed against him Sherlock breathes. Breathing in-in-one-two-four and out-one-two-three-four and in counting up to and out four three to one lying shoulder to shoulder in grass just the two and then in one to one with their fingers pressed one-two-three-four-five print on print fingerprints imprinting in the sun, one day turning to two and to four five into weeks into months into twenty ten and the two of them in the grass by the river leaning up for the first time to bend down to touch two lips four made to one when they interlaced their fingers and John whispers:
As soon as Sherlock stretches out against him it feels different. The carpet is rough but Sherlock isn't: hot blood smooth skin hard muscle and
Sherlock glances up at him, but he doesn't stop. He is wrapping the strap around him, very carefully, handling John's genitals in a way that no one other than John, quite frankly, handles John's genitals: it's—
I'd be back before the funeral," crawling, "not—not spending twenty-nine months bound up with Mycroft's entire bloody organization,"
"If you're planning on anything else tonight," John says, "I ought to let you know that I think odds are excellent I'll be asleep before you get the light out," kneeling up to clamber over Sherlock's body; Sherlock says, "Even I, I think, could probably sleep," then pets up John's side, breathing in. John pauses, still half on top of him.
; and the last, out of all of them, had filled John up with a hot, painful rush of shame. He had not been angry.
"Believe it or not, Sherlock, the Met does deal with bomb threats quite competently, on a regular basis, without your help," Greg says. "It wasn't so much the
"it—waste of time, and." Sherlock's mouth stops moving, as coming up beside him the waitress digs a biro out of her apron pocket.
"I know you'll have stop," John says, rough. "Still want you to." His hollow mouth moving. "I want—as much—as much as you can, I want you to—"
"I know, shh," Sherlock whispers, "I'm not going to," and he presses his mouth close to his hand fucking—fucking John open, prying him open with John's fist tight on him—holding him—
. "But if he went looking for her..." Mycroft trails off, and the silence takes on the particularly unvacant quality that John knows from whenever, while speaking with him, Mycroft is conducting several other conversations entirely: Bianca, certainly; Chloe too, at a guess. John waits. He tugs at his jacket. The limp damp fabric clinging to his arms and his chest: useless, really.
"Yeah," John says, quiet. Sherlock breathing slow and wet, pressing his nose against John's overheated prickling throat. "All right," John says. "Shh, it's all right, we'll sort it out." Nonsense, really: "We're just—having fun, yeah? We're all right."
?" while Sherlock gasps into his neck, "God—John—" while John moans, pushing back, Sherlock squeezing his hip moving him with him with him rocking-liquid while Sherlock scratches blunt nails over his belly overflowing John sobs, wound up plucking-tight—
John stops. Silence. The waitress is all the way back on the other side of the restaurant, head tilted over her mobile, the ends of her ponytail just breaking across the seam of her sleeve. Could almost smell pressed close breathed deep. Filling up his lungs.
"Your bill," the waitress says, and they both jump. Sitting straighter. Pulled back. John pushes Sherlock's empty glass away.
," Sherlock says. His voice is rising: sudden, fierce. "You can't ever just have been brought up by the person you were brought up by, who happened to be a—a marvelous woman who was every inch the academic and who routinely forgot her spectacles and her jumpers and her sheet music all over the place and who—you didn't really mind, if she forgot about the shopping or school prizes, or that you'd be in on the eight o'clock train, because she—did things that
"Acts like he owns the place. Any place." John licks his lips. "Greg never knows what to do with him. Drives Molly 'round the bend."
"Well, that's a relief." John leans back against him. He can't think of any reason not to nuzzle up under Sherlock's jaw while Sherlock nudges him along, but he also can't be bothered to try particularly hard. "I think we do, unless you used it up yesterday, and I don't—" John trips on a join in the floor, nearly— "surely we didn't drink that much tea," he says, a little breathless, bracing his palm against the jamb.
"Coaching," John says. Sherlock says, "...What?" but John barely hears: "I think it'd be better," he is saying, crisp and precise, "to measure how well you keep the lads on the fencing squad in line"; and his heart thuds dully at the base of his throat.
, Sherlock had said, with the crisp, forced-lightness he's always retreated into when annoyed; and John'd said,
He stops. Presses his lips together. His hot face to John's face. John's face is burning up. He rubs his mouth against the edges of Sherlock's mouth, and Sherlock squirms closer against him, pressing—and then Sherlock gives him a little, impetuous kind of a kiss, and John is—he feels—is saying, "Sherlock," with all his locks falling open; as "Yeah," against him Sherlock whispers, "Please"; and John—wants to, he wants nothing more than to— "I'd touch you all over," he says, is saying, feeling— "I wanted to," overflowing, "to do everything we could do standing up and about—about twelve thousand other things besides," overrunning his banks with Sherlock's hands on his face, his arse, pulling him— "I wanted to—
Fitting his mouth open around him—his hands, John is realizing; as helpless eyes squeezed tight shut open everywhere all over John sucks and then breathing the swollen-hard pebble of Sherlock's nipple scrapes the tips of John's teeth as Sherlock groans fucking—
": and so John scrapes his blunt nails down the long trembling dip of Sherlock's belly and Sherlock groans underneath him, hips jerking his cock up against John's ribs.
," John gasps, and heart pounding wraps his arms tight 'round Sherlock's warm-hunched bare shoulders pulls him closer—closer—tight—tight—
it: John hears it bounce on the floor and rolls away to a stop somewhere under the bedframe, Sherlock shuddering crying out: his lovely flushed shoulders collapsing around a long, anguished, desperate moan.
Sherlock is probably clean enough. Probably something near a half-hour of soap rinsed down all over his feet and he still has to shave—still. Still. "Can you turn towards me?" John asks, quiet; and Sherlock turns. "Do you want me to do your feet?" John asks, and then waits, watching Sherlock's face, for Sherlock to flush across his jaw and his cheekbones a hot and mottled red, before nodding at last, twice, quick; and so John eases himself back down, bracing his hand on the wall.
John nods, pressing down against him. Inside him there is a heavy, unanchored mass, tipping and wobbling as their bodies roll together like ocean waves. "Anything you'd do with me," he explains: helpless. "Everything you want."
He shakes his head. "It's not like that." He rubs at his forehead. "It's just—it felt like it had some sort of.... a purpose," sighing, "I guess."
, John is asking, "Tell me"; and, "Seven," Sherlock whispers which hurts; and "Try," John gasps, "again": and then desperate kisses Sherlock from the heart of him here held-holding Sherlock baresofthot against him in his arms and "N-nine," Sherlock is breathing, almost, here, at last, "and a half."
"An associate, of a sort," Sherlock says, "of Mycroft's." Not looking back. "I—was employed by her, for a time."
John wants: a yes; an answer; permission; to never have asked. A two-decades-long redo. He wants his terror and Sherlock's both gone; to be good to him, to be safe for him, to be true to him in a way that runs deeper than John had ever thought he might, in fact, be. To be allowed to kiss him. To hold his hand.
"I don't need you to do anything to me," John says, very steadily. Sherlock is watching John's cock, eyes soft and half-focused: his face is grey and pale and exhausted; but his blood is springing up pink in his bottom lip, caught between the sharp edges of his teeth. "Sherlock," John says, very quietly; and waits until Sherlock looks up at his face; and then John takes a slow, deep breath.
Sherlock's mouth comes down to John's shoulder. "You want to get down on your knees," he murmurs; and helpless, John nods. Lets his ankles loosen, his knees and hips, as Sherlock helps him down. John folds his heavy hands over each other on the floor. Drops his forehead on them, arse back: bared to the air hot-cold and throbbing. Sherlock crouching beside him. John's jeans 'round his knees, everything else still on.
"It's not expecting him to fix you to ask him to meet your basic needs," George says, voice matter-of-fact and reasonable, "you'd try to meet his, wouldn't you?"; and—hunching. John's ribs his arms his hands his armpits: his miserable peeled-mollusk body, shriveling up around his bent knees.
" Sherlock is repeating as John is reaching for him, leaning back, rubbing his fingers into stringy still-wet hair to pull him into an awkward offside kiss. "Mm." Sherlock licks the corner of John's mouth. Sweat springing up everywhere they're touching: their skin slips, sticks. "Hello there," says Sherlock, petting down John's ribs. He sounds happy. A little sex-stupid, already: John's heart beats loud in his chest.
"That thing you're doing." Sherlock kisses him, once, light. "Where you stare at me and lick your lips."
John twists, stretching out across the sink to get it, forgotten at the far side. Sherlock puts a hand on the side of his belly to steady him—unnecessary, but.
"I can't—I can't love you, and lie down with you, and f-fuck you, and not kiss you," John manages, and then takes a breath. "I can't—it can't feel this unequal, it can't feel this
"And you—got involved with him," John says. It is, he finds, queerly difficult to describe it as anything else.
"I could've asked," John says; and Sherlock stops. John rolls up onto his side, facing him on his back: Sherlock's unhappy overtired angular profile, his high-contrast mess of ink hair milk skin. "I should've asked," John whispers, "but I didn't, and I should've, so I'm asking now": sliding his arm round his middle, his soft-salty belly, wiry ribs as he says, "Sherlock, I don't want to hurt you, I want you to be happy, would you like me to not shag other people"; and unsteady Sherlock says, "Yes."
Sherlock is still for a moment, then shrugs. "Foil." His voice is light. "I wanted to do epée as well but—well."
"Well." He is worrying at one of John's low-down shirt buttons. "Maybe I ought to just—just shove them down and fold you over the edge, then," voice dropping half an octave as he says, "maybe just hold you right here, over the table," quiet; and the button comes free.
"Hey." John licks his lips. "Want to come up here for a bit?"; and Sherlock turns his face back down against John's leg. "No?"
Stopped just inside the door off the landing John catches himself: standing still and—staring—idiotic. The wispy, side-leaning triangle of dark hair at the nape of Sherlock's fair neck—what of it? Not new. John turns away and goes over to shove his sheets into the washing machine. After a moment out of the corner of his eye he sees Sherlock take a half-step back from the windows: his head bowed, nearly, when he bends to gather his music from the floor. Sun through their open windows, his body limned with light. John's back prickles. He is for some reason thinking:
that where he wanted to stick his cock mattered more than whether or not it hurt Sherlock, or was bad for Sherlock, whether or not Sherlock would regret it, and that—"
"Not yours, bought them," Sherlock says, just behind him, and John jumps, turning. "It wasn't an emergency," Sherlock explains. "And blood never properly comes out."
"So you could." John tastes. "Later, if you wanted." Saliva. Skin. "You could calm down a bit," half-breathed, "and then."
"You're right about some things," Sherlock says, voice soft. "He was my first lover. And it was—before I." He clears his throat. "Stopped."
"Hold onto that for me," John says, kneeling between Sherlock's spread pulled-up and curling stocking feet. Helpless. John bends and kisses the knot of his ankle, then peels down his black socks. His heart is pounding so hard his hands are shaking. He pets at the ball of Sherlock's twitching foot, rubs over his big toe: his nose prickles on the inside. He bends down to kiss the top of Sherlock's angular arches, with Sherlock  lying bright-red and panting with his knees pulled up and his cock hard between them but somehow John wants—John wants—
And oh. Sherlock's gasping, hitching breath; and near to him John's skin, under Sherlock's big hand. All his—armor, and scales and things, settling; as Sherlock pants and squirms under John mouthing him through his bra. Just like that.
Now John is lying on his back on his duvet with the door wide open at eight in the evening and the flat is silent, but that means very little: Sherlock could be in his bed downstairs, sleeping; he could be at Scotland Yard, annoying Donovan; he could be downstairs having tea with Mrs. Hudson or halfway around the planet for all John knows, and John is definitively
John can feel the workings of him: the arch of his back carried underneath his flushed skin. Christ. "Next time I've got you like this," John murmurs, and Sherlock gasps and presses back. John's two fingers into him up to the second knuckle, working—working—; before Sherlock breathes deep and pulls back.
"Yes, well, I didn't start out with a head wound, did I," Sherlock snaps, and then rubs his fingers over his eyebrow. Flinches.
him, with that same searing ravenous expression that burns through John's clothes and John's skin like an IED through paper: "Very well done," Sherlock says, low and hot; and John swallows. He is grabbing the edge of the table, he finds, until the edge cuts into his hand, sharp and implacable and hard:
"I could," John offers, and then swallows. "I meant it," he explains. "If you want, I could—," and Sherlock picks up an old-fashioned silver safety razor, and, handle-first, passes it to John.
Breathing. John breathes. John presses his forehead to Sherlock's forehead. His nose. His cheek. John swallows. "How you feel about me," he says, quiet. "How I feel about you."
Sherlock takes a breath. "My grandmother—not Hélène, my other grandmother, the Townshend side," he says, and then stops; and is quiet.
John sighs. He doesn't know. He wants—he says, "I want to talk to someone who likes their job, I think."
"Can I ask?" John asks, quiet; and slow, still looking at him, Sherlock nods. "All right." John exhales. "More recently, then"; and Sherlock nods again.
, he had wanted to be angry: but Sherlock was dead, taken from him, and the person who had come back in his place felt like a gift. John had managed a breath, though; and then he'd managed to say,
Sherlock's face breaks, grinning. He closes his eyes, rubbing at his own face and not looking at John; but not arguing, is he.
Another, less familiar sort of a pause: "Now why," Mycroft murmurs, "might you be asking me about Lucy Matley?"
John takes his hand. Touching his palm, his wrist. All his long fingers, tangling with John's fingers as John tugs. Draws him out of the kitchen. Through the living room. Stretched between them their arms like a bridge: John wants to walk across it.
Sherlock swallows: so close John can hear. Then moves: slow, so so slow, and John's body. Like a fire, in wind, slowly kindling up. Heart high in his throat, he pulls Sherlock's hand down. Fingers-on-fingers wet-sticky but—pressing his body into John's body while their—hands, pulling him—
John is very close. Sherlock's voice is strained. Very low, and hushed. His head bowed forward, and John's neck aches already, from looking up.
"Yeah," John manages: lying, utterly certain; their fingers dry against him prickling him all over, strange and foreign, so that—but John's pores are yawning open as—but Sherlock is petting against him breathing hard so that—and John is petting with him, John's knee bent up foot curling, against Sherlock's warm calf, but—and Sherlock's hitching uneven breath, and his skin—
; terrifying, too huge to think, as John wraps his arms around Sherlock's warm trembling body and kisses him, over and over and over again, as deep as he can. Sherlock's thighs held tensed-trembling over John's stockinged thighs.
"Shh": John pulls at him kisses is kissing him— "oh, I can, can I just—" as Sherlock is nodding nodding knees spreading and nodding as John is slipping his three wet fingers against justinto him and they slip in so
John is peculiarly aware of his pulse. The steady, slow throb: heavy in the tips of his fingers. Echoed, by the table, back into his hand.
-saying is deafening. He can tell John to fuck him dry six days a week but Sherlock wants—Sherlock is always wanting—softer and sweeter and
John nods. Brushes out over the pencil-sketched line framing Sherlock's pectoral, and Sherlock closes his eyes.
"It doesn't—it doesn't feel like that, not—." A breath: easy. In, and then out. "I wasn't ever—focused, on them," John says, "not like—." He scrubs his hands over his face and then sighs. "It's much more about me for him, I think, than it ever was about them for me. And maybe that's just a self-serving delusion, but I—"
Sherlock is standing almost painfully close. Warm and soft all over, in his sleeping clothes: John flushes all over hot. When Sherlock bends closer, John has to force his knees and wrists and elbows locked, hold himself stiff with his hands by his sides because all he wants to do is push Sherlock back and then back and then
Standing there seeing nothing but the handle on the closed door of the fridge with Sherlock pressed up against him, Sherlock's hair soft around his fingers and Sherlock's breath humid against his neck makes something wind up tight and knotted inside John's chest, a clenched fist at the base of his throat. John turns his face towards him, and Sherlock exhales. Pulls him tighter. John's mouth brushes his hairline. He can't reach much of anything else. Sherlock tilts his face until his mouth finds skin and then all of a sudden opens and sucks and
Finally, Sherlock exhales. Shuffles up against the edge of the bed and says, "Get me wet," barely breath.
and John—pushing his tongue against-into the slit, filled up with the heft of him wanting—more tasting tasting-tasting the salt-welling smear of Sherlock—dragging him off whispering, "I want, I need, I need you, John, I need to
"Simon says," Sherlock whispers, "stay with me": and then presses his hot face down next to John's ear and jaw and neck.
"I trust you." Breathed. "And you." Swallowing. "You know me." Slipping open-wet around him, chest yawning wide, John says, "You always know what I want."
John is looking up without noticing in some secret internal lexicon of Sherlock Holmes like a stage magician or a con man, someone who tears people apart with all the secret things that they know how to know. But it doesn't really matter, does it. John feels it all the same.
. It'd taken 'til June before John'd been properly sure that tomorrow he'd come in again, because by then he knew he couldn't do that to her; but John'd not been in the surgery ten minutes before Rhoda'd shoved a four-year-old with an earache at him and told him that there were more tongue depressors under the sink. After eighteen months their old surgery—which hadn't been so much three rooms as two rooms and one rather spacious walk-in, no window—had been condemned due to decades-old water damage; so then John'd helped Rhoda pack up shop and somehow found the wherewithal to go to work with Cal and Jeremy while she hunted down a new spot—and in the end it'd turned out that Sherlock—that Sherlock all that long while—while
He kisses the nape of Sherlock's neck. Sherlock folds his arm over John's at his belly. John squeezes Sherlock's body to his body in their kitchen, until Sherlock murmurs, "The onions," and, just before pulling away, squeezes gently at the back of John's wrist.
"It's like." John scrubs his hands through the back of his hair, and then leans back against the radiator, the ridges digging into his arse, the backs of his thighs. Looking back up towards George, sat with his hands idle in his lap in his armchair: clear, nonjudgmental, George meets John's eyes.
"Granted," Sherlock says, gruff, "not how quite how I'd anticipated spending the rest of my Sunday."
Sherlock doesn't move. Fingers curled, loose. His shirt is puckered and wrinkled at the shoulder, where John was mauling it.
"Four," Sherlock says. John nods. Brushes two fingers over Sherlock's sternum, and Sherlock sighs. John pets back up. Down. Up, down. "Five," Sherlock says, finally. "Because—I know what comes next."
"Bastard," John tells him, but it's hard to mean it: Sherlock giggling and pressing absurd, smacking kisses all over John's still-wet chin and his hot cheeks and his throat before John tilts his face down to kiss him properly: their mouths slotting together, electric and soft. His hair: John strokes—a hardship—his hair. It's—nice. Cosy. Lovely, really: the starting scrape of the beginnings of Sherlock's stubble and his soft slip of tongue; Sherlock's hand loose around him, barely moving; Sherlock's nose bumping John's nose.
"I gather, in fact," she says, leaning in, "that you have a particular tendency toward using past cases as your own personal Tinder—"
At a quarter 'til three John reminds him about Mrs. Hudson. Sherlock nods without looking up. "Yes," he says distractedly. "I have to change my shirt."
In the shadowy space between their faces Sherlock is smiling at him. "You're already planning to blackmail Mycroft for CCTV stills, aren't you," he murmurs.
The monstrous thing inside John's ribs twists and snarls, so John bends down, spine curved 'til it aches, and gets his hand tight around the base. Kisses the head and licks at it, feeling—feeling—
Voice steady: reasonably enough, he thinks, John says, "He was a thing that you chose"; and fast, impulsively, Sherlock says, "
, warm all along John's left side. They'd called for a curry and batted Imogen Wain's latest artistic liberation back and forth, back and forth, and all the ice in the towel had melted and Sherlock hadn't asked about the blowjob—or, rather, Hadn't Asked: but had instead hung about conspicuously inside John's personal space for hours, shooting pin-and-needle looks at John from under his thick light lashes, Not Asking; until at last John'd said,
," Sherlock says. "I could've started with, 'John, my mum's a terrifyingly well-bred gorgon with 217 publications to her name—"
Sherlock hesitates, only just. "One of my grandmother's," he says, then; and then turns, meeting John's eyes. "A postgraduate, before you ask. He was twenty-six. I was seventeen."
Sherlock opens his mouth, then closes it. Then he sighs and turns his attention back down to his plate, nudging all the last little bits of veg and sauce into a little pile. "It's not worth it for this." He sounds—tired, John thinks. Just tired. Mycroft woke him up. "He's just got me acting as errand boy, really, and." Sherlock scoops the pile up with the side of his fork. "And if you're already taking two days off in two weeks...," he says, and then sticks his fork in his mouth.
"Oh, 'Away', is he?" Brian smiles his wide cat smile and says, "I'm surprised it wasn't just me and Priyanka, then"; and something bursts in John's chest, wordless and inchoate.
John could ask him, he thinks. He could ask him—a lot of things. About the eyeliner. His abstract-art sex toys. His feelings about the Dutch.
"Well, eggs," John says. Sherlock gives him a look, flat and annoyed. "Bread? Jam? I think we've still got a lemon, if you're thinking about pancakes."
"I was." Sherlock's voice is thick. He isn't looking at him. He is looking at the floor. "On Thursday."
"You're still wondering if I am, aren't you." Sherlock rests his cheek against his own hand, looking down at him.
John doesn't expect to see Sherlock, either. He'd've got through the day all right enough, more or less, if he didn't: but Sherlock is pacing the living room when John gets back from the surgery, and John hesitates in the doorway, then comes in, and shuts the door behind him. He isn't entirely certain whether he expects to have a fight or get screwed over the furniture again but what he gets is Sherlock shooting him an aching, desperate look, and then going back straightaway to pacing, hand up and clenching in his hair, which is tangled queerly, sticking up all over: he clearly hasn't showered. John'd bet money he hasn't got that Sherlock hasn't slept, either.
it, but he can't—but he won't—"But you always get me out of the worst parties by showing up halfway through with a case," John says. Trying for light. "Don't you?"
, despite none of them speaking a word of Dutch, and also developed a terribly clever idea for a custom eco-bike startup, which probably would've been a hit, under any other circumstances, except that they didn't want to actually bother funding it through any of the more traditional routes and decided instead just to steal all of their so-called recycled parts."
John gets up onto the bed, hands and knees. Flexes his arse, a little; Sherlock's breathing hard enough that John can hear it when it catches. There's a mirror to his left: if John just barely turns his head, he can watch Sherlock stepping out of his trousers. Pushing down his pants. Christ, he's good-looking: John is struck, momentarily, by the supreme unfairness of everything before Sherlock sits down by his right hip and John twists to look over at the real thing. Dark hair. Pale smooth back: Sherlock tucks his knee up, turning, so he can get his hands on John's arse, heavy and firm, and pull him apart.
"Morning, DCS Donnell," he says, as she shakes it, murmuring, "Mr. Watson"; and Sherlock glares at her, then at John, and then turns away with a sniff.
like the kind of organization that young radical Harry Watson would've been involved with. Among other issues, OutRage! was heavily involved in the activism for a change in the UK age of consent for gay sex, which in 1994 was lowered from 21 to 18.
John nods, then sets it back at the edge of the sink so he has both hands to get the flannel wet—not the one Sherlock had wiped the mirror with, but another, new and clean. He is weirdly conscious of Sherlock watching him, anxiety rising off him with the steam—best, John thinks, if he can laugh. "I think you'd better sit on the toilet," John says, "so I can reach."
"Ought to get something so I could just keep you here," Sherlock suggests. "Slap your arse apple-red," curling close, with his cock—
"I stay down here," Sherlock says, voice looping and diving, "in my room, on my knees so that—so the chain, you know, pulls on its own, so that I don't need to use my hands, so I have them free so I can get them wet and close my eyes and think—think about your—your hands, or mouth, or your arse, and—and now,
He gets down the colander and sets it in the sink. When he goes for the parsley, Sherlock says, suddenly, "I forgot—thyme."
"I'll need you to stop," Sherlock says, while they're getting his pajamas down to his knees, fingers tangling; "I know," John says, "I will," but Sherlock's already nodding, bending down to kiss him. Bare to the ankles. John breathes him in—Sherlock needs a wash: it's marvelous—while they ease Sherlock's knees apart, John shuffling up between them. Rubbing at Sherlock's hips. Sherlock's mouth breaks from his: inhaling, as John gets a hand around him, cradling-loose. He's so soft: plummy and delicate, velvety in John's fingers. Against his mouth Sherlock breathes. Breathes. His hands light on John's shoulders: John kisses his stubbled jaw, murmurs, "Yeah?"
John nods. If you were me. Sherlock's long fingers slipping alongside John's splayed fingers across his belly in low-tight circles as he nods looking up at him hollow and adoring, John nods, and nods, and nods. John nods and jerks him slow and steady as he rubs his belly the way he— "Now," Sherlock sighs. "Please." Drags his foot up to John's shoulder:
Cold air. Seeping allover-into his chest and shoulders with Sherlock resting warm and heavy against his leg; and his bathwater spine; and the sheets. "Yeah," John says. And Sherlock's hair, softer still.
. Starts to laugh. Sherlock melting-smiling rueful pressing closer arms around him shoulders and back: "What do I reserve the half for, then?" John asks; "My tongue up you," Sherlock says; and warm-tender cave-heart John murmurs, "Oh, well, not wrong, I suppose." Sherlock kisses him properly, then, still smiling: warm and damp and near mouth moving open-mouthed against his mouth while John holds him tight, tight, tight. Knuckles pressing into his belly. Palm stroking up his bare back. Across his shoulder. Over the backs of his ribs.
And so—go, you. Go and you go and close-open-close-open half-dozen shining-limned doors to the. Grass. Side by side. Lying—with him, two together, by his side. Warm in the grass in the sun while—while the summer runs out, lie shoulder to shoulder wishing to be—different, freer-older. The piano in the living room playing—something. Unknown. For adolescent violinist and egotistical jackass a—sonata, or. Or just. Just something you fell in love to while—seventeen and I—didn't hear but would I would we would while whispering come come with me come on Sherlock while wishing, wishing back to be back one and two pressing together palm to palm and lip to lip melting in sunshine in the grass with the heavy-melting damp heat and
"Come over here, then," Sherlock says, at last, "get your things off," scooting back; and John swallows and creaks up off of his hands and unties his shoes, kicks off his jeans. "Shirt too," Sherlock says, "lie down," so John fumbles with the buttons, fingers clumsy, and lies down closer by, while beside him Sherlock pulls his pants up and his trousers up and rebuttons everything, tucks in his shirt, then kneels up over John's back. All of him vanishing into pressure and warmth. His arse on John's arse. His thighs on John's sides. His hands on John's back, rubbing up-down, up-down.
Sherlock says, "What, you petting me like a cat," but it comes out—wrong, somehow. Queerly unbalanced at the end.
," Sherlock says, thick with loathing, "you see, and the head just—did as she asked. Because she'd been at Somerville, and she'd married late, after a decade and a half as a spinster don of
I do." John laughs. "Yes, I enjoy having—a transcendently beautiful lover who adores me and is obsessively dedicated to getting me off multiple times a day, what do you
," he says. It comes out weak, but he doesn't look away, so he is watching as, slowly, Sherlock at last focuses back in on his face.
—and Sherlock cries out dragging—pushing his cock up hard against John's belly and John pulls off gasping, "My hand, my hands, do you want me to—" and Sherlock pushes his head back down to his tits and John drooling through lace sucks his nipple back in while Sherlock rough-voiced is saying, "Yeah, I want—I want you rubbing my—my—" and then stops—gasps—gasps—and John slides his hand into the knickers getting a hand on him and asks, "Your clit?" and Sherlock groans, "
"What's wrong?" John asks, propping himself—with great effort—up. Sherlock wasn't in the flat in the morning and didn't text him at work, so John's got no idea what he's been up to since more or less scraping John off the carpet the night previous and gently aiming him towards the stairs.
John glanced up and did a double take. "You look . . . you're all dressed up," he said. He stood up and stretched. "Am I getting dressed up too? Was that part of the deal?"
“John,” Sherlock said, surprised, as he pulled his hands from John’s. He looked at John, seeing him staring at the uniform. And suddenly he knew what was happening. He stepped back slightly and said, “On your knees, soldier.”
Just beneath the long sprawl of it, his lopsided pink mouth. Breathing in John bends down to kiss him, tasting—. Skin: easing—easing his tongue. Fitting in.
"Mm." Sherlock turns his head back, nuzzling: pressing kisses up John's shoulder, nape. "I enjoyed that."
And the windows in the living room are still open, damp glistening on their sills. He goes over to shut them, one at a time.
"So you." John feels a low long laugh bubbling insanely up through his blood but swallows it back, and asks, "so you like—you like to touch your chest and your hands and your mouth, you—you go into your room on your own, do you, and it feels good, does it, when you touch yourself like that?"
"I want," John manages, with his quarter-lungful of breath, "you to do—everything you want," spiral-twisted purple-edged laughter, "anything—Sherlock—s'lovely," looking dizzily up at his glowing red sweaty face as John explains, "everything you do to me," and Sherlock makes a little hot noise and his—his hand—swelling up huge-to-bursting inside John's neon green fireworks body as John grabs at the head of his own cock groaning as Sherlock gasps and wraps his free hand around John's hand on him and John whimpers. Sherlock touching him so tenderly inside while their fingers interlace around his red prick— "Lube," John asks, and so Sherlock hands him the lube and John flips the cap and pours it into Sherlock's left hand and all over his too so that Sherlock can wrap his wet fingers around John's cock and hold him, how sweetly he holds him while gasping for air John—just reaches—down, and—
“It’s just soup,” Sherlock said, moving over and moving her away. “Leave it alone -- it’ll be done in a minute.”
John laughed, not really being able to imagine Sherlock out on a proper date with someone. "Good,” he said. “I wouldn't want to get jealous.”
“Fine, I’ll answer,” she said. “I think seeing John again would be a very good idea. I always wanted you to . . . well, I just think you and John belong together so I’m glad to hear you’re talking again.”
“I don’t think you did, and if you did, you should have insisted,” Sherlock said as he unlocked the door. “Like I’m going to insist now -- your turn to make the tea.”
“I can solve cases, John, but I am not very skilled at reading situations like this,” Sherlock said. “It would help if you would say things directly.” He paused for a moment. “I’m not saying I am refusing to sleep in the same room, but I would prefer if we could see how we feel each night.” He glanced over. “Would that be all right?”
"Well yes John, I know that," she said suggestively. John rolled his eyes and focused on the food she brought. "Maybe call him later. He doesn't pick up on things very well in person, maybe he misinterpreted your messages."
Sherlock stood there stupidly on the street, trying to make sense of the last few minutes. Then he tried to make sense of everything his mother had said to him during his visit. He was trying to make sense of everything.
“I’m going to do that as well,” Sherlock said, even though he didn’t really feel like reading. He got up and looked over his shelf and found a book he’d started but hadn’t finished. He took it over to his chair and started to read.
Sherlock’s phone vibrated as he came out of the shower. At first he panicked that John was cancelling, but he wasn’t.
“You’re flattering,” Sherlock said. “Me, I mean. I don’t know why . . . is this because you’ve not been able to go on any dates.”
Sherlock didn’t say anything for a minute. “Well, now you have,” he said, reaching over and resting his hand on John’s leg.
He opened his laptop and re-read the message from Mycroft about where he was headed and what he was required to do. Then he read the newspaper and did a crossword. Finally he opened John’s blog. Their blog. The story of Sherlock and John. He’d read it through at least once a week ever since he’d left. He liked remembering.
John had changed so many things in his life. That he (and everyone else) knew. One of those things was that he occasionally made Sherlock feel. Thus far, that had been mostly all right  because the feelings were usually pleasure -- pleased when John listened, proud when John helped. Tonight’s feelings didn’t feel good. These felt pretty bad actually.
All he wanted to do was go to Baker Street. He just wanted to be home. Being with John would make the injuries irrelevant. John would help with everything that needed to be sorted. Hopefully.
Sherlock glanced over at John. He was quite handsome and a bit of fun -- more than he’d expected from this wedding, so why not enjoy this little adventure? He turned to help Mrs Hudson, holding both plates as she scooped food. “Be realistic,” he told her as he watched her put too many potatoes on his plate.
John flushed lightly at his tone. "Mine was upstairs and I rushed out. It was just for a few minutes," he explained.
“It’s not up to me, it’s just to the DJ,” Sherlock said. He gulped the last of his drink, then reached out for John’s hand, pulling him to the dancefloor.
John moved out of the room quietly and left to go back to their flat. He felt immensely more relieved now that he had seen Sherlock in person. He headed home and packed everything Sherlock had on the list, as well as throwing in a few extra things he thought would help Sherlock keep busy. When he was in Sherlock's room, he couldn't help looking in the drawers, but one just had extra cigarettes and the other was just notes on John from the day Sherlock tested a mild poison on him that made him lose a whole day. For that reminder John threw out the cigarettes.
Sherlock got up and moved to stand outside John’s bedroom door. He hadn’t been able to wish or even think his feelings away. So he’d decided to do something about it. He knocked lightly on the door.
Sherlock leaned to put his glass down on the table. He shifted slightly and turned his attention back to John, moving his mouth against the skin on John’s neck. John closed his eyes again, tilting his head to give him more room to explore. Sherlock's hand squeezed behind John's back and the sofa, as he shifted a little closer. "Your skin is warm," he mumbled as he continued to kiss and suck on John's neck.
“Fair enough,” Sherlock said. He leaned over and grabbed the remote. When he turned on the television, an old movie had just started so they settled on the sofa and watched that.
“I hope it is. Knowing is good for many things, like cases and crimes, but it’s also a kind of protection.”
John looked over and then did a double take. "What, uh . . . what are you doing here? I mean . . . what are you wearing?" he asked, blinking a bit as he got his head together.
“Maybe you should reconsider,” he mumbled and then grabbed the bag of popcorn and turned to focus on the film.
"Fine," Sherlock said. "I'll make it." He got up. "It's chilly up here -- I need my dressing gown. Go get ready then."
“That’s as maybe, Mrs Hudson. We’re here to see if you’d allow John to rent the second bedroom upstairs,” Sherlock said. “You’ve mentioned you’d like to see me with a flatmate and Dr . . .” He stopped abruptly and turned to John. “What’s your surname?”
“I thought you asked me earlier,” Sherlock said. “If you prefer I find someone else, Mrs Hudson would probably oblige . . .” He took another swig of his drink and looked over at her. She was smiling a little too widely when their eyes met.
"Oh, now I'm interesting?" John came back down the couple steps he'd taken for his room. "I refuse to play any games with you because I know you cheat, so what would you like to do?"
“Just make sure you chew everything very carefully,” Sherlock said with a wink. He sat down. “So are you up for whatever challenges we’re going to face this afternoon?”
John’s noises went straight to Sherlock’s cock and he began to rock his hips into John’s hand. “God, that feels good,” he moaned loudly.
“Well . . .” the man said, clearly trying to locate the information. “I’m available at the moment--“
When he got there, the place was already quite busy. He got a drink and then found a place to stand near the back where he could see everyone. He looked for the girlfriend and found her near the front. She was standing with a group of women, though -- no boyfriend in sight. He wanted another cigarette, but didn’t want to lose sight of her.
John pulled the covers over both of them and curled into Sherlock and the warmth of his body. They drifted asleep, safe and sound at home. John dreamt about their kisses. And Sherlock dreamt about tigers.
Sherlock did see Mrs Hudson the next day -- it did not take her long to deduce that something was afoot, but he decided not to reveal any details. For some reason, he was worried she’d call it a scheme again. Maybe it had been that at the start, but it didn’t quite feel like that anymore.
Sherlock smiled. “It is,” he said. “I’m so glad you thought of this,” he added with a wink. He let John carry the box and he took the shovels. They moved quietly through the garden, keeping an eye on Sherlock’s parents’ window. They got to the side of the house and moved to below Sherlock’s window. John set the box down and Sherlock gave him a shovel. They each started digging.
"Chinese?" Sherlock asked but he was already dialing the number. He ordered John's usual and then hung up. "Won't be long -- eat some salad at least, all right?" he said, tucking into his.
John put this mug on the bedside table. "Shh. Let's just . . . let's just be natural," he said. He lay down a bit and moved over toward Sherlock. Then he swallowed a lump of nerves and leaned in to kiss him.
“Does it feel good, John?” Sherlock asked, now starting to pulse his finger. “Do you like it? I want you to love it.” When his finger moved more easily he added a second one, watching John’s face.
John opened the cupboard again but changed his mind, tried to get under the bed, then stood quickly. Sherlock's shirt was too restricting. He took it off, threw it away from the bed, and climbed under the covers as Sherlock was getting close to one.
“Uh, yes,” Sherlock said. He tried to think for a moment -- he’d waited all day for John to come back and he didn’t want to spend the evening lying to him. “Do you have plans tonight?” he asked. “How about I take you out to dinner?”
“God,” Sherlock moaned. He reached up and grabbed John’s head with his hands, pulling it down roughly close to his. “Move,” he said, looking straight into John’s eyes.
John nodded before closing his eyes, focusing on every inch of Sherlock moving into his body. It was perfect. He looped his hands around Sherlock's neck and then slid them down over his shoulders and back.
Sherlock shifted to get a little more comfortable and then picked up a pen to fiddle with. When the film finished, he said, “I think I’ve solved at least two of the cases.”
"To tell me what you think about when you're . . . you know -- from the game earlier -- otherwise, I'm the grand prize winner and I know you hate that," Sherlock said.
“I’m sure it’ll be fine – we’ll be able to keep busy and everything will be fine,” Sherlock said. “I think we should stop talking about it actually. Let’s just have a normal evening, okay?”
“I did,” Sherlock said, pouring the tea. “I’m well rested.” He took a sip even though it was too hot. “What are your plans for the day?”
Sherlock emerged from his room and John was getting ready to go. “I’m going back to the morgue,” he said. “Are you going to try to get another date then? You look all . . . nice.”
Sherlock slipped his card onto John’s nightstand and then followed John to the door. He gave him a quick kiss and said, “Nice to properly meet you.”
John couldn't take his eyes off of Sherlock, he was gorgeous, lost in pleasure beneath him. "M'close . . . I'm going to come, Sherlock . . ." he huffed.
“That’s good,” Sherlock mumbled as he unzipped John’s jeans and slid his hand inside, to first palm and then softly rub John’s cock through his pants.
“Tea, please,” Sherlock said, grabbing his mug and sliding it to John. “You think he’s a phantom then? That’s what you’ve got to offer me?”
“All right that’s it,” he said. He pulled his phone from his pocket and held it up to his ear. “Mrs Hudson, this is Sherlock. Unfortunately, there is an issue upstairs. Apparently John can no longer behave like an adult and has been severely mistreating me.” He paused. “What’s that? He has to move out immediately? But Mrs Hudson – what about the lockdown? I see – you don’t want a monster living above you. I understand. I’ll let him know.” He pounded on the door. “Do you hear that, John? She wants you out!”
"Get that open, then," Sherlock says, sounding terribly fond, and John straightens up on his knees, struggling to get the plastic off. "Do you want me to—"
"Yes, well," Sherlock says; and then, too fast, "you're more or less the polar opposite of convincing me to skip my A-levels and run away from school." He swallows, noisily, twice. "So."
It comes out clumsy, hesitant, but— "Yeah—yeah, I do—get your feet up," John says, and sets the cup aside while Sherlock slides out to the right, John shuffling up next to him, his back to the cushions, Sherlock stretching out precariously close to the edge. "Come on," John says, "I'm not going to kick you off, I promise," so that Sherlock wriggles up close to him. "I'm working on being less of a bastard, the rest of the weekend," John says, and Sherlock snorts.
"What," he asks, and then stops. He doesn't—Sherlock is looking at him, and John doesn't—he doesn't—
—and for an instant John wonders why he doesn't feel Sherlock flooding wet over his fist and his wrist
"You could," Sherlock says, after a moment, and then stops. Silent, while John manages to—to straighten up. To take two tight, painful sips of tea. It should—it ought to settle him, oughtn't it? A warm cuppa, the familiarity of it, the weight of it in his hands— "You could fuck me," Sherlock says, in that taut, scraped tone of voice and John has to turn, barely fumbling his cup onto the edge of the table before his vision splotches entirely swimmingly away.
Sherlock's voice is nearly sharp. Eyes sharp. The corners of his mouth pulling sharp. John shrugs. "Portsmouth to London... not a bad drive, this time of night." He tucks the knot of pasta into his mouth. He's never quite got the hang of it, with chopsticks.
John licks his lips. "A nice thought," he says, very carefully. Weary: that's it. He says, "But—rather more theoretical than some things, at the moment, yeah?"
John shifts his hands flat. "How'd you defeat this particular engineering challenge?" he asks. Pinning him down.
"Twelve." Holmes's voice, that: John nods. The cane is still resting against his arse, unmoving. Holmes says, "It's important that I hear you say it."
"Still thinking that I can't keep it going," John says, rough, "for longer than six and a half minutes?"
"No, I've got to go back to the office, but Wilson should be there," Greg says. "Donnell wants their team to stay on as lead on that one—especially since she still isn't happy with Sherlock's ability to liaise with the Met more broadly than just me—and honestly, if he
, he thinks: a rush. Sherlock breathing out into—his mouth John hard all over and soft—running his fingertips—along—but upstairs stretched out six minutes wanting he'd been—
John sets his book aside, standing. He washes his cup and sets it on the draining board and then goes back into the living room towards Sherlock's chair where Sherlock is sitting with his fingers pressed together before his mouth and watching John with a sharp, ravenous expression and John can't, he can't
"But you like this?" Sherlock whispers, and then kisses the edge of him, stretched out around Sherlock's three long fingers as John nods and moans and nods. "Shh, I know," whispered, as he is pressing in deep and John groans. Sherlock noses at him: jaw and cheek.
In the dark. He could go back to sleep, probably. It's early. Sherlock's bed is soft and warm and it's early but the sheets smells like his sweat, like their sweat; and the bubble blooming under his ribs and his eyelids suspends John in seawater, waiting: utterly still. Behind the wall he hears the taps run, and then again, and then a long, taut sort of a silence, and somewhere beneath the tide of affection John feels a pang of amusement, not unsympathetic, for every time
—while Sherlock nods and writhes and nods and pulls at him, panting, John's shivering-shuddering hips and spine in his restless moving hands as John comes, and comes, and comes.
In other news, I couldn't find any decent practice recordings of the violin part of the Bruch, and no one would ever professionally record it without the orchestra, so you all will just have to settle for Itzhak Perlman and imagine away all that pesky extra instrumentation, I guess. I'm sure it'll be a hardship.
John can feel his face heating up. The door rattling under his palms. "Yeah," he says, a little thick.
"So, thirteen? fourteen?" John asks, and Sherlock starts laughing again. "I mean, I'd put it higher, but—"
"See, that's the problem," John says, a little too loudly. "It sounds—Christ, every part of it, it makes me sick, the idea—Sherlock was, he was a late bloomer, too, he must've—I can't." He presses the heels of his palms to his eyes, and takes a deep, unsteady breath. "He doesn't think it was," John says, and his voice wobbles. Turns down. "He thinks it was—all right, for a man of nearly thirty to be illicitly shagging him when he'd just done his GCSEs and he probably still looked entirely like a child, and he's—he's told me how important this bastard was to him, how—Christ, I can't—"
Sherlock closes the cupboard and holds his hand out for the plate. John rinses it, passes it to him.
and my other helper (who has asked to remain anonymous) for their extra-careful meta assistance/beta work with this chapter.
Sherlock shrugs. "I knew enough. It's just chemistry and following directions, essentially, isn't it?"
"I—your lube." Sherlock laughs, a little breathlessly. "Last night. Still on the coffee table, or." He bends down to give John a sloppy, open-mouthed kiss. "Or the carpet, I wasn't really paying attention, unless you—"
Sherlock nods. His skin on John's skin: John shivers. Presses closer: there shouldn't still be room. "I like it," Sherlock whispers.
Careful, and the floor on the landing stays silent. Bathroom, shadowed. He could just piss and get back into bed, but he can smell his own body: the stale-sharp smell of a day at the surgery and a crowded restaurant with tight-closed windows and a night half-glued to another person in London's brief effort at sticky summer heat: he wants a shower. He fishes the carrier bag out of the cupboard, just to get the lingerie off the rod: the bag is still full of tissue paper from the shop, one parcel at the bottom still tidily wrapped. He heaps everything up on top. Then he runs the water almost full cold with the door to the landing open, the switch off. He wants the faint trickle of cooler air from his open bedroom window, with no fear of the light trickling back. The spray batters down on his shoulders. It feels good. He wipes cool water off his still-hot face, breathing deep. Past anything he can see, Mrs. Hudson's filmy white curtains must flutter, still, just above Sherlock. Lying shadowed, fast asleep. John rinses soap off his armpits. Turns the water off.
John's mouth opening as he breathes him into him in deep and Sherlock's tongue slips against him just inside John's upper lip.
Inhales. Bites down and holds, straining lungs. Sherlock is breathing hard. John hadn't heard. Exploding out of him and he gulps,
"No, I mean." John laughs, a little. He rests his elbows on his knees, leaning forward, and says, "You said that—that orgasms, that masturbation was distracting, right? Took up time, and I..."
"They're. Yes." Sherlock ducks his head, turning away from him. John lets him. Sherlock shifts his weight in his hips; plucks at the lace again, shoulders hunched disconsolately: that painful sunburn-bright flush all the way down his shoulders and his back and his thighs. When he takes a half a shuffling step, trying to resettle himself, John can see the rough spots in the floor catching at the stockings, under the soles of Sherlock's big feet.
Tugged: fishhooks in John's abdomen, pulling down. "Hey." He leans up. "It's all right," he says, quiet. Mouth to mouth to mouth to mouth until into him Sherlock sighs. Goes slack, slouched down: his face bent down to John's shoulder, his spine rounded into a soft, blood-warm hill. "We can fuck against the fridge, if you'd rather," John says; and against the skin of his shoulder Sherlock lets out a hot, damp huff.
, John is thinking, with a sharp leaning-forward throat-pang: he'd wanted it without knowing what he wanted and Sherlock'd given it to him and it'd been lovely, utterly. Now John lets Sherlock pet at him and hold him down and kiss his cheeks and his chin and his aching-open mouth revisited-rewatching he feels, instead,
"Before you have to get a hand on your cock," John says, low, as he looks down at the long creamy-pinked expanse of Sherlock's body; and Sherlock shifts, foot sliding out on the sheets.
"He doesn't want you to kiss him," George finishes, voice quiet. Not a question, not really, but John nods. Swallowing uselessly, again.
bigger shipments," Mycroft corrects. "And all the evidence is pointing to them coming in at Plymouth and Swansea and Aberdeen, around the same time the police are collecting these smaller shipments, possibly on the same day."
"Yeah," Sherlock says, fast, and John bends down. Sherlock drags him down against him, pressing up up
"But all that while I was ignoring." John swallows. "Everything about me," he explains, "that had made meeting you feel right."
"I think that Raj isn't clever enough to break into an entirely shut-down gallery," Sherlock says. "Not, precisely, his skill set."
"Yeah," Sherlock says. Hovering just inside the doorway: not a kindness, John thinks, to observe that it is obviously not all right.
"You look beautiful," John says, quiet, and touches Sherlock's pink mouth. "You're the most beautiful—"
"It just—it's just that after the first it felt—" Sherlock inhales. "Even more stupid than usual," he says, very quietly; and John lets out a hollowing breath.
Downstairs, Sherlock plays through the Ysaye again, then just a part of it. Then another: slowed down, eight measures at a time. Forward: a different eight measures. Another. Then back. Then another and another and another, over and over, every stretched-out straining interval scraping at the back of John's neck, until John realizes that he's getting cold standing in the doorway of his skinned bedroom with the jamb pressing lines into his cheek and his forehead listening to Sherlock playing—something entirely different,
Okay, so, I’m temporarily pulling the “out of 59″ again--that 59 is... well it’s just wrong (definitely low), I know it’s wrong, I’ve known it’s wrong since, like, June, but I don’t know for sure what should replace it, and I feel really silly for continually having to change it. So I’m just going to leave it blank for the time being. It is safe to assume that as long as it is blank, there are ≥7 sections left, because the last few sections are much more clearly mapped out with much more obvious dividing lines than the remaining bits in between.
. Christ. By now John's had long enough, he thinks, to translate Sherlock's speaking silences; he isn't idiot enough to think any of that was so much as half about him. Sherlock hadn't ever said,
"I don't need you to do anything to me, all right?" John repeats; watching Sherlock's eyes. His lovely wide eyes bottle-green in the lamplight: Christ, he is. He's— "I want you to get what you need," John tells him, "and I want you to sleep. That's—it. That's everything, for me."
Elbows braced beside him above him, John kisses his mouth. His chin, his jaw. "You want me to do it anyway?" he asks, very quiet; and wrapping his arms tight around John's back pulling down, Sherlock nods. The duvet is slithery beneath them; John kisses, for a moment, Sherlock's cheek. "All right," John says, "I reckon we can try it out"; and underneath him, Sherlock exhales, careful-slow unclenching; as John stretches up for the lube.
He lets go of John's hips, presses the heels of his hands over his eyes, breathing deep. John still braced up on his knees and his palms above him: he rolls, carefully, onto his side.
inconvenient, John," Mycroft replies, low crisp command; "I should hate to have to take the time to locate you again, so stay, if you please, quite precisely where you are": so nodding John presses his skull back to the steady-beside building and breathes in, and breathes in. Why, he can't, it's so—cold today and—why can't he—Mycroft says, "He's just about to turn onto the Euston Road," and then adds, "my goodness, is that a collared dove, on the railing?"; so John squints through the still-squiggling white—silence and then manages, "It's a pigeon."
Tugging. Low down. His stomach pulling at him already, when unsteady John admits, "Because I didn't."
awful, I don't even know why I let Nat invite you"—while Nat is leaning 'round the corner of the table to whisper something to Tariq that makes him bark with laughter, then put a hand over his mouth and shoot Tom a dark, liquid look that even just passing by him makes John shift, a little, in his seat.
My sincerest apologies for the delay: I had a manic episode, I got a job, California was on fire, I crash-landed into a new fandom, you know, the usual...
Sherlock smiles down at him, not nice. "Hardly," he says, "it's just that it's so much bigger than you're used to," as he reaches for the—Christ, it
John swallows. Tries to, anyway; and then shakes his head. Hands dropping. Knuckles pressing into the windowsill, knotting up.
Even wet Sherlock's hair is something else, silky-thick and warm and soft, foaming up white in a palmful £52 shampoo that smells like nothing so much as the overpriced coconut gelato that John, in 1987, returning from a school trip to Pompeii, blew all his pocket money on for the sake of a tall blonde in the upper sixth called Cissy.
John nods: he can do that. There's a two-thirds empty jar at the back, behind two mismatched cans of lager: John digs the jar out. The cutting board. A knife. He stands at Sherlock's side at the work surface and cuts the olives clumsily, in uneven pieces, until Sherlock turns off the front burner and steps—inhaling—as he leans to press his mouth to John's temple, and then turns away, while John, unsteady, sets down the knife. His hands are covered in olive, salt and oil: turning he wipes them off on his jeans so he can put his arms around Sherlock's middle, his face pressing helplessly to the warmth of Sherlock's back. He can feel the thud of Sherlock's heart, the rise and fall of Sherlock's breathing warm ribs; and John wants him, as he has wanted him all day, helplessly: that same curling-together cradling longing that has pushed their bodies into each other over and over. Animal. Sweet.
The room falls quiet, for a moment. The window above the radiator admits a watery, reluctant daylight. John stares up at the dappled seam between wall and ceiling while George quietly eats his salad and then says, "Abused how?"; and John takes a breath.
"Grand Master at Snap, are you?" John asks. Mouth curving. "I suppose you're Grand Master at everything"; and Sherlock hums, and then lifts up his head.
"This was a bit weird for me, at first," John admits, sitting, very nearly, on Sherlock's bare thighs.
"Soft," John says. Quiet. Swallows: Sherlock nuzzling up against-underneath him and "I want you to be gentle," John says, "with me."
Sherlock's eyelashes sink. His fingertips are cold, still; and they move with his mouth when John asks, "So that's. All right, then?"
"Well, usually I've got something up me," he says, as casually as if he's correcting John's description of the weather, "so I know I'll be ready."
When he flattens his body to Sherlock's body the slipknots dig into his thighs: he'd tied them at the front, for ease of access: the very littlest sort of regret. They shift, careful, until their legs interlace and the knots aren't catching at John's suspenders or digging into anyone's quads, and Sherlock's cock and balls and inadequate knickers fit just so into the crease of John's hip, perfect. Sherlock wraps his arms loose and warm around John's waist, sighing; and John tucks his arm under Sherlock's head. Sherlock rubs his nose on the side of John's nose; and they kiss.
It makes John feel strange. Protective, somehow, of Sherlock; of all his queer Sherlockian ways. "I didn't understand," John says, weirdly desperate. "I didn't know what you'd want." He half wishes he'd lied. "I didn't—I thought, all I knew was you'd be in control and I thought maybe you'd want to—to do something really—weird, or—"
John, ravenous, eats his toast and eggs leaning back against the edge of the work surface, legs outstretched. By the time he's finished, pan soaking in the sink, it's past ten: full dark and an hour later in Amsterdam. He opens up his texts again, glancing down at the picture, his belated response:
. The last purchase of the day is still wrapped in tissue paper resting in the bag standing up at the edge of the sink: he could take it out, he thinks; could unwrap it; could wind it fast around himself—he wraps his hands around himself—and draw it tight—he draws them tight: try to fasten the hooks up one by one by one not breathing on a body just-enough bigger than Sherlock's soft tender white frame—; but he doesn't. Instead in stockings and suspenders he squeezes his hands 'round his sides and his belly hard and then hard and then harder until he gasps, realizes he's gasping: his wet-tipped red cock nudging hard out of his ill-fitting knickers and his improperly placed nipples jutting hard against the scraping-stretched lace of his bra.
He can smell them, everywhere. Nothing else. Sherlock's body stretched out with John's body. So naked with him, in his bed.
Sherlock's lips are parted, looking down at John, propped up on an elbow and petting him. Nowhere to go. Like lying in the grass somewhere quiet and sweet-smelling, drowning in the full blaze of the golden melting July sun.
about you, Sherlock, if my cock gets hard it's because it's a slavering idiot dog for you, not because I'm going to sulk if you don't stick something in me—" and Sherlock rolls John down onto his side, and then wriggles in close up against him.
John nods and nods, dizzy. The slick-hot cradle of Sherlock's big wiry body, holding him—down—he swallows. "Got me so wet," he says, unsteady, "I'll probably be dripping all day."
Finally, since it's hard to tell on AO3 how long an individual chapter is, I'd like to note that this one single chapter is about 34,000 words of (deliberately) glacially paced fucking, which I mention since I know there are those of you who don't like reading long things in the browser window and would proooobably therefore prefer to download an ebook format for this one. As far as I know there's no way to download a single chapter from AO3, but once you've downloaded the whole thing, the Table of Contents should work for getting you to this chapter directly—or, well, I checked the EPUB, at least. This is Chapter 56, and (since the numbers don't always show in the ebook TOCs) the title is "games."
"I thought—before," Sherlock says, quietly, and then lifts his head. "I thought you weren't interested in men."
They get on with the sort of conversation of omission that always makes John feel like he's in a play: half of it spoken in silence eye to eye, the other performed—carefully, decorously—for all the heterosexuals present: encircling, a sea. Pointless, probably: they probably aren't paying attention. It never seems to matter, though, does it. The shopgirl's name turns out to be Yvonne.
Sherlock looks away, fast; and John swallows and pushes up to his feet: he really does need to go have a shower.
"What," John says, and then hesitates. He knows what he thinks and he knows how little Sherlock wants that and can barely see how to fumble towards what Sherlock needs from him, in this moment, on this impossible terrain. "What was it like, then?" John asks; and Sherlock drops his chin down against his chest.
, John thinks: in his throat that same taut, yearning pang. "Oh, no," he says. He laughs. "I did. In medical school. Maggie Gascoine. Worked for UBS. From Leeds, I think."
"Christ," John groans, and staggers up to his feet. Sherlock looks, unfairly, somewhat surprised. "Which is that, then?" John asks; and Sherlock's hands, hovering, drop. His ungainly white knees.
Sherlock nods. His breath catches, stills: he nods. John pets at his back. It's all right. His breath, caught again: we're all right. His shoulders; kissing his throat and his breath:
After a long, taut moment, Sherlock asks, very softly, "Could you get me some clothes?" and John says, "Of course."
"I just mean," John says, "I want to take care of you however you like," very quietly, and then swallows, sliding his palms down to rest on Sherlock's shoulders, John's thumbs bracketing his collar bracketing the hollow of his red, warm throat.
Sherlock exhales. His splayed pink starfish hand: "Sometimes," he says, very quietly, "it's. Hard." Heavy John nods: Sherlock looking up wide-eyed unsteady saying, "To believe that"; and John swallows.
. John feels—echoing, cavernous. Carved paper-thin, to make room. "Earlier," Sherlock repeats; and John lifts his head just enough to find space between them but it doesn't work, because then John can look at him, his long neck and flushed cheeks—. "When I was, your, um." They kiss: John forgets. "Your hot lesbian girlfriend," Sherlock finishes, after some time; and John remembers.
," choked out as John rubs, Sherlock's hand falling over John's hand on his abdomen as John rubs. "That." Eyes closed: Sherlock's low rough breath. "Is dangerous. Usually. That."
"Is it." John stops, because Sherlock is kissing him. With a lot of tongue. Open-mouthed. Makes him shiver all over.
“John, what is happening?" Sherlock said. He felt panicked but his feet were frozen on the pavement.
“Again, not about you -- that’s how receptions work. You sit where you’re supposed to, and you may notice there are a number of chairs around here,” she said. “Quite frankly, I’ll be glad to have someone else to talk to. Now, go get me something to drink.”
John smiled, leaning over Sherlock to set his alarm for the morning. "Sorry, almost forgot that," he said. "And yeah, I don't have much in here, but I like it."
“It’s insulting because I enjoy spending time with you, and it does seem like you spend a lot of time trying to find someone else you’d rather be with,” Sherlock mumbled. He finished his cigarette and flicked the butt out the window. “I’ll get that later,” he lied. “Besides, do we really want different things? We both want to try new things that feel good, don’t we? I think we just covered that –- maybe you should listen more carefully.”
“Good,” Sherlock said again. He pushed himself up on the bed and stretched a little. “But I need something to drink first.” He reached round the floor for his trousers, slid them on and got up to go down to the kitchen.
John grinned and bit Sherlock's nipple lightly, licking to soothe it as he moved lower. "That's so sexy."
"I just said I love a good mystery. What would John Watson -- and more likely Sherlock Holmes -- want with me?"
Sherlock rolled his eyes. So, it wasn't a game she wanted, it was a talk. "All right," he said. "I'll play along. Is it Dad?"
“I don’t go out,” Sherlock said to clarify, even though John hadn’t asked him the question. He took a gulp of tea. “Tomorrow . . . when you get home, should I do anything? I mean, should we?”
“Fine -- thank you,” she said, taking a sip. “You missed most of the toasts . . . cake will be next.”
"Oh, okay," John said. He moved through the sitting room to the stairs, climbing up to the bedroom. He walked in and looked around. It was nice -- bigger than his room now. He moved around. He didn't have much; this would be plenty of space. He came out and made his way down to the sitting room again. "It’s a nice room," he said.
Sherlock lay back flat on the bed. “Could we try it like this instead?” he asked, holding onto John’s arm.
John raised his brows when Sherlock took a drink. He was curious about the story, but he didn't ask. Instead he just looked at Sherlock for a moment, then lifted his glass and drank.
John set the bags down and considered a few numbers before picking, shading in the choices, before passing the ticket to the man. "I hope I'm lucky for you," he told her.
"Mum! I'm leaving!" John was stuffing knick-knacks into his backpack. He'd been rummaging the house and his room for days to find the perfect items.
That didn’t seem good enough for Sherlock, but he had no choice here. He picked up the cigarettes Mrs Hudson had bought him, and he grabbed his coat to go out and walk around for a few minutes to have one. The smoke burnt his lungs a little -- since John had moved in, he’d been smoking less -- but it also felt good. When he finished it, he went back in and put the kettle on, boiling enough for three cups, just in case.
Sherlock had finished his preparations an hour ago and was now regretting having been so efficient. The waiting was torture, and he'd already changed his mind about his plans four or five times. Perhaps he was being stupid -- he didn't know why he'd had any confidence earlier but he had and once he'd started, he had to finish. But now as he was looking around the flat, he wondered why he'd ever come up with this idea. Perhaps he should scrap it all. He picked up his phone.
Sherlock took a long sip of tea. "I went there . . . a long time ago," he said quietly. "Mycroft found it."
“Well, I made it and I didn’t even complain at how utterly stupid the so-called science in this film was,” Sherlock said, shifting and stretching out his legs.
"Oh, I think you ought to decide," John says, pulling Sherlock flush against him, legs open draped over John's thighs. It's quite the picture. John rubs at the crease of Sherlock's hip. Down. Back. Behind—
been; and with his thumb hovering over his mobile John can suddenly believe it, that Sherlock as a boy had been dreadful at sport: his long hands like someone else's hands, his clacking teeth, his irregular whooshing breath. It had been almost like going to bed with a stranger, but John has always known Sherlock better than anyone, nearly; until—
John nods. "Because." He swallows. "I thought—I mean, if anything were going to deter me from thinking about it," he says, steady, "I'd imagine it would've been the, ah." Rubs at his face. "Weeks of feeling like a pervert and a rapist, so—"
Ridiculous. His face still feels hot. It oughtn't. It oughtn't. The waitress, a blandly pretty adolescent girl with dirt brown hair, has her back to them, elbows flat on the window into the kitchen, chatting up the boy doing the washing up. Her right foot is tucked up onto its toes, the heel of her pink trainers flexing away from her sole as she fails to pay any attention to them at all.
John stops. He presses his lips together: his idiot, hollowempty mouth. Sherlock's shoulders are hunched, face tilted forward. He is fumbling about with the little herd of dried spices that he's been collecting in the bottommost cupboard on the right: they tend to, over time, settle into a dingy, slightly pungent heap, half the bottles turned around or tipped over; since spring Sherlock has taken to reorganizing them whenever he's particularly stroppy about something, but whatever he does to them never lasts for more than about a day and a half. He doesn't ask what John is thinking about, which makes John—dreading it—want to tell him. "If it's been—," John is saying: thinking
But of course the things that are and are not in Sherlock's vocabulary remain, to John, a perpetual, unplumbable mystery: don't they. Don't they. When Sherlock'd come back in November he'd showered—not slept: John could tell—at Mycroft's, twice; and then, for several days, in 221C—on, according to Mrs. Hudson, an ancient and leaking lilo, that would (she said) hurt even the back of a boy. When Sherlock had found out she'd told John about the lilo he had left 221C and then paid for three nights, one at a time, in a succession of low-end dingy hostels where
Above him, the ceiling is sparking back into view. He tucks his chin down towards his chest. Can barely breathe, still. Sherlock is still perched on the coffee table, red-faced, shoulders hunched. His cock is tenting out his bottoms: John could get down on his knees and bury his face in him, his wiry long thighs and hard prick and soft balls, the animal smell of him coming up over soap while John rubbed his cheek against the softest warmest spaces of his skin, velvety and hypnotic; kiss him and lick him and suck at each fragrant millimeter of his skin, until Sherlock said—
That glowing-hot light-welling feeling, turned inside out. An auto fire, John is thinking, spine prickling, after a crash. He breathes: out, in, out; and then
hard held still in his fist while he rubs down under his balls, wanting—pressing hot-scraping against into wanting to—
Sherlock huffs. Blinking his eyes open: looking over at him. His soft, smudged, wide-open green eyes. John settles in, arm wrapped around him, very close.
John thought about ignoring him again but after swallowing his bite he sighed. "I've been checking it and it's fine," he said.
“It’s a shame it’s not a real break where we could go somewhere,” Sherlock said. “Like a little holiday or something, I mean. Though I normally don’t like holidays. I don’t know what I’m talking about it.” He took a long drink of tea, mostly just to avoid continuing to talk.
“I think I’m trying to be sweet,” Sherlock said. He looked over. “You can probably tell it doesn’t quite come naturally to me.”
Sherlock smiled. “No, not dancing. Dissecting. John saw a boy hidden behind a tree, dissecting a bird. Do you have any idea what that boy’s name might be?”
"Are you trying to drug me again?" John asked. He stood up. "Besides, I don’t wear pajamas. I sleep in my boxers and a t-shirt."
Sherlock got up and moved over to the fridge, opening it for no reason whatsoever. “You couldn’t even stay away from her for one day . . .” he mumbled under his breath.
“I guess,” Sherlock said. “Make whatever you’d like, and I’ll eat some.” He marked his page and stood up and stretched.
Sherlock settled down, pushing the pillow against the back of the sofa and shifting to get comfortable. A few minutes later he said, “Your drug dealer girlfriend doesn’t wear a red shirt, does she?”
“No, I don’t,” Sherlock lied. “You probably just thought about mentioning it, but then you forgot to actually mention it. You know you do that,” he added sarcastically, before getting up and moving to his laptop.
"Well, I just realised I forgot to fill out an invoice for you to sign -- not for a charge or anything, just to document that I stopped by. Is there anyway I can fax you or email you a copy to sign for me?"
“I don’t think I do,” Sherlock admitted. “I mean, I think I know what you’re talking about, but I don’t understand the appeal, I suppose.”
Sherlock slid back closer to John and began explaining what he'd discovered and what it meant. "Obviously I will tell Lestrade," he said. "But I think we have a better chance of finding what we need."
“I don’t know what else to say -- I went to class and I went back to my room. I did the science team and I once got in trouble for stealing something from the chem lab,” Sherlock said.
John took the remote and found a channel showing an old film. They finished their meal in silence. When the film ended, John cleaned up the dishes. He returned and said, "I think I'll go to bed."
“The news, the virus . . . it’s making me afraid,” Sherlock said, leaning in and burying his face in John’s chest.
"I think it's just weird goop," John smiled. "I have a handful of little army men." He put them on the bed.
Sherlock slid the box over to John and said, “Remember, once it’s locked, we don’t open it until we’re old and ready for university.”
“Because they are,” Sherlock said. “Okay, so by now, Sherlock felt pretty inadequate compared to our hero. However, before he could say anything, there was a huge rumbling at the head of the cave. Even though it was his house, Sherlock felt very afraid. John noticed this and said, Listen I have an idea. You’ve got a lot of space here, I think I’ll live here, too. Maybe you could help me with all the great things I do, and I’d be here to protect you from whatever is outside this cave.
Sherlock stepped closer in and then pulled John into a tight hug. Then he stepped back a little awkwardly. "I'm glad," he said. He took a step toward the kitchen. "Kettle's just gone -- I'll make it," he said. He returned with two mugs as John settled in on the sofa.
"No," John said. "If you wanted a present, you should have helped, too." He smiled over his mug as he took another sip of tea.
John licked his lips lightly. "What else have you thought about? Secretly?" He lifted his hands to Sherlock's waist, his fingers rubbing back and forth on the soft material of his shirt.
"You've got a hundred books piled in front, we'll burn the flat down," John said. "Clean that up and I'll make the fire."
“Nothing compared to you,” Sherlock said. He stared as John’s clothes dropped from his body. “Perfect,” he said stepping closer. He dragged his hand lightly over John’s body, moving up the side of his stomach and over his collarbone. He moved around John, his hand trailing down his shoulder to his lower back then turned so he was facing John’s back. He gripped each of John’s hips and slowly began rocking them as he pressed himself against John’s arse. “This is what I what I want,” he said into John’s ear before nipping at his lobe.
Once Harry was settled they said their goodbyes. John assured her he'd visit and she promised to call. He left and got himself a cab, alone with just his thoughts now, racing about what would happen when he got back to the flat.
“Could you make this one about a tiger, please?” Sherlock asked. “And turn out the lamp next to you,” he added, closing his eyes.
Sherlock rolled over and stretched his legs. He was on the sofa, which wasn’t that unusual, but he wasn’t alone on the sofa. He dragged himself up and looked down at John. He tried to gingerly lift his legs over John and got up to make them some tea.
"I'm fine, Sherlock. Bored, of course. But I thought you were having visitors. There was so much shouting!"
“It is,” Sherlock said. “Mine’s there,” he added pointing past the kitchen. “If you were going to move -- again, hypothetically speaking -- would you be expecting . . . us to replay what happened at Molly’s wedding?”
John paced in his room, fuming and ashamed. He didn't mean to lose his temper like that but being stuck inside and constantly checking his temperature and all of the bickering leading to this fight – it’d been unbearable. They were only five days in. He didn't know how long lockdown would last, but they needed to get it together. He sighed loudly and lay down on his bed, closing his eyes and focusing on his breathing.
John moved over Sherlock and poured a bit of lube on him, starting with one finger and quickly moving up to two.
“You can have them – I’m a pure pajama man now that the flat is my entire world,” Sherlock said, laughing. He lifted a hand to his face and said, “God, can you even remember how things used to be? It seems so long ago.”
Unfortunately, though, just like all the stops on Sherlock’s trip, success here only meant an announcement from his brother about where he would head next. Sherlock had just read the message and knew he’d be packing up and leaving the hotel in the morning. He had no details if his next base would be as comfortable as this one had been. He took a bath and then got into the bed, opening up the laptop. There wasn’t much change on the blog. He sent John a new message.
“Right,” Sherlock said, giving him a little wink as he turned away to get his bag. “Let’s go,” he said to his brother. “Where’s the wheelchair?”
John stood in the sitting room, looking over at Sherlock and looking up the stairs to his room. Just then, Harry started coming down, grinning when she saw Sherlock. "Finally, the famous detective!"
“Seeing your family, being back home -- those things aren’t reason enough?” She ushered him to a chair and went to make tea. "Breakfast?"
"Please," Sherlock said. "Don't stop." He pulled at John's other arm, wanting to touch John as well.
"Enough! Go upstairs," John said angrily. He started to tug her along. "Where's your phone? Have you talked to your sponsor?"
Sherlock stared at the screen. It didn’t seem fair that they were finally back together and then John would leave and be sent even further away.
"I presume it'll be better than okay," Sherlock said, giving John a cheeky smile. He took another drink. "This my favourite part," he said, referring to the music. He leaned against John's shoulder.
Sherlock took another bite of food. He leaned back a little on the sofa as he chewed it. "Last night . . . you liked that?" he asked before quickly adding, "I did. Quite a bit."
Once they arrived home, Sherlock set to work on the printouts, having given the flash drive to John. After a while, a noise escaped from Sherlock’s throat. looked up at John. “See anything?” he asked.
Sherlock lifted a hand and softly stroked John's hair and then trailed his finger down his forehead to his nose. "I hear your brain," he whispered. "Try to make it quiet - concentrate on my touch instead." He still felt a little silly sometimes, saying things like that. Mainly because what he wanted to be able to do was say reassuring things to John to calm him. Unfortunately, he'd yet to master that ability. So for now, this was the best he could do.
“No, get into bed,” Sherlock said. “My story is a proper bedtime story, so obviously you need to be in bed.”
John's breathing hitched a bit but he didn't move, his eyes still closed. "It's true -- you're so clever."
“Right,” she said, glancing around. “That’s why you’ve been too busy to tidy, I see,” she said, grabbing some newspapers from the sofa and crumpling them up. She looked over at the kitchen and sighed. “I will clean this up once, but after that, you’re on your own,” she said as she made her way over to start the washing up.
John poured the wine for both of them, smiling softly to himself as he got the table ready for their little date. "Do you want me to serve the casserole?"
He closed up his computer and got up, dumping the rest of his food in the bin. “I think I’ll read it my room for a while,” he told John and then disappeared, shutting the door behind him.
Sherlock smiled at John's sounds and movement. He continued sucking his cock, kneading the muscles on John's thighs as he struggled to keep himself focused.
John jumped a bit when the phone buzzed in his hand. He'd been so lost in his thoughts that it startled him a bit. He took a deep breath and, instead on texting back, he hit the dial button.
After a while, Sherlock said, “Are those two monsters married or something? Sorry -- not monsters, ‘super heroes’, I mean.”
“We don’t know exactly what it is,” Greg continued. “You won’t either, Mister Expert. But we need you to find out.”
"I don't want you to keep them to yourself," John said. "My reactions when others said it . . . I don't know. I think it was a knee jerk reaction, a worry that they were right and I would be embarrassed because you didn't feel the same." He stopped to slow himself down. "I'm sorry -- I know that's a stupid reason, but I didn't know and I didn't want to get hurt."
"I helped Mrs. Hudson with some shopping she had to get done," John said. He sipped the tea Sherlock gave him.
At the weekend, he talked to his mum about it and she seemed eager for him to join. She said it would be good academically, but part of him wondered if she, like the teacher, thought it was more about making friends. At least his mum had finally stopped mentioning John -- it was too difficult to hear whatever news she was getting, and it was too difficult to think of writing him because Sherlock had no good news to share.
"I don't want to play," John said, his voice louder than he meant it to be. "Two hours ago I thought you were dead and now . . . it's not the same, Sherlock. This doesn’t . . . I need more time."
"Sure," John said. He followed Sherlock into the kitchen and paused. "What's all this?" he asked, motioning to the mess.
"All right," Sherlock said. He went back to eating his food, eventually giving up and setting his fork on the plate.
She smiled and touched his arm lightly. She done and they talked for a while. She was flirting more freely now, and John did his best to keep up. Eventually, she went back to work, and he stayed and read for a bit more. Then he picked up dinner and made his way up to the flat.
John smiled as he was pulled onto the dance floor. The song that was playing ended and changed to a slow song. He looked up at Sherlock and moved closer. "I guess the deejay’s decided," he said.
John nodded. "It’s great. In fact, it feels like the greatest meal I’ve ever eaten.” He nodded toward the television. “Is this good enough for you to pretend you like it?"
John smiled. "We aren't doing nothing. We're hanging out," he said. "And those caverns were fun, don't pretend you didn't enjoy it."
Sherlock stared at the television for a few moments. "Well, that's good," he said eventually. "Obviously I don't know her at all, and besides my taste in friends is quite questionable -- I've only got the one and he's always pulling stunts like moving his sister into our flat." He glanced over at John and gave him a little smile.
“Of course not,” Sherlock said. “We’re on the same team . . . partners.” He put his fork down. “Want to talk about strategy or is it all right if I go back to work?”
"I'm not sure yet -- sorry, I'm working so I can't chat," John said. He took his glass and weaved through the crowd to find a different place to stand. Sometimes he didn't mind flirting and hooking up but tonight he wasn't feeling it. He just wanted to watch the show, help his friend, and go home.
Sherlock emerged from his room, closing the door behind him. “I’m not hungry,” he said, turning the kettle on. “But I’ll sit with you while you eat.”
Sherlock smiled. "I like this better -- this is normal," he said. "Will you tell her to leave soon?"
"God, John," Sherlock called loudly. Watching John pushed him over the edge and he came as well. He pulled John close, pressing his head against John's. "God," he exhaled. "That was incredible."
He moved his eyes along the rows and paused on someone looking behind them. He had a sharp jaw and dark hair -- he was handsome. John tried to catch his eye, but he wasn't paying attention. Not to John anyway. John glanced around but couldn’t tell what the man was looking at.
John handed over the mug and sat on Sherlock's bed. "It's not like you to sleep so late," he said. "You're always up."
John walked back home and went up to his room to start packing. He was excited for the trip, but he was nervous. They had changed and he was worried the trip would be awkward -- what if they couldn't be like before? Different didn't have to mean bad but he was still nervous about it.
Sherlock threw a pillow at John. “God, you’re so gullible,” he said. “The nurse couldn’t have done it -- she’s left handed, didn’t you see her writing up that chart? Really, John, you need to pay better attention.”
“Hmm . . . would it be safer for me if I slept in the shower? I don’t want you to do anything to me in my sleep.”
Sherlock looked up. This was not good -- if she hadn't been talking to Clara, where had she been for the last few hours? He got out another mug to make a third cup of tea, mainly just to get out of the room.
Sherlock set his mug down. His brain suddenly felt very awake. “You mean -- he never existed? A name not a man?” he asked.
As the weeks passed, John settled in easily. He made it onto the rugby team and some of the boys were in most of his classes. He was well liked, popular. He wrote letters to Sherlock -- about his classes, his matches, and sometimes his friends. Sherlock’s letters were quite short, so John stopped mentioning his friends, which was harder and harder to do. Over winter break at least, they would have lots of time together, and it could be how it used to be.
Sherlock took a long drink of tea and then closed his eyes. He was remembering and praying that one day John would forgive him and things would feel good again.
“It’s all right,” Sherlock said. He pulled a carrier bag from the bag in the kitchen and pushed the towel into it. “Should we head out?”
John was on the sofa with his computer -- a scene Sherlock had witnessed so many times before but it had never looked so beautiful.
He grabbed his phone. It was Friday, which meant John had gone back to work this morning, and there was a good chance he wasn’t home right now. He’d probably gone out for a pint with Sarah and the other doctors or maybe he was out on a date – Sherlock had a vague memory of John complaining about having to cancel one the day Mycroft’s request had come through. Sherlock actually hoped John was out, so he’d be able to get up and drag himself back into the real world on his own schedule. He stretched and sat up. Then a crash came from the kitchen. His body tensed instinctively, but then he heard John curse. He was momentarily relieved it wasn’t an intruder before getting annoyed that he’d have company first thing after waking up.
John took a quick shower, shaved his face, and then went to grab his things when he realised he didn't have to. It was his bathroom too now. He cleaned up and left everything in its place before heading out for the stairs.
“It’s . . .” Sherlock leaned over close to John and reached out for his hand. “Your sweaters, John . . . they’re ridiculous.”
John ignored him. "Our hero went all over the city to find the killer. He went to a museum, he went to a dark alley, and he even went into a broken down warehouse with the help of the knight. But there were no more clues, and our hero was getting desperate. Someone else would die if he didn't hurry."
“Does it involve going out?” Sherlock asked. “Because I just came from out and don’t want to go there again.” His tea poured, he turned to look at John who was looking at him in a way the  meaning of which he now recognised. “I see,” he said. “We’ll be staying in then.”
Sherlock shot John a look and then turned his attention to Lestrade. “I don’t understand -- is this a joke?” he asked. “I am the detective. He is just . . . my blogger.” He didn’t mean for it to sound quite like that, but it was the truth.
"Everything -- except pants because I'm not wearing them," Sherlock said. He wasn't sure if John would accept the dare or not and that quite pleased him.
“Don’t take too long,” Sherlock called. He was eager to get going, but tried to remember what John had told him last night. He got up and turned the kettle on.
"I mean—I want it," John says, even though it makes his face hot. "I—Paul was hardly an athlete, you know, and Cal's about my size, and then—then it's been mostly women, and they mostly haven't—so I don't know if—but I like it, I—I like that you can push me around and it feels like you mean it," John admits, a little embarrassed. "So—um. I just, I know how much I like that." He swallows. Sherlock is so close. They're lying side by side on Sherlock's bed at midday on a Saturday and the air around them is warm; quiet; still. John's hand on the side of Sherlock's white throat, all of Sherlock's buttons undone: a cocoon. "You being rough with me makes me feel like I'm losing my mind," John confesses, quiet.
Sherlock poured some lube into his hand and began stroking John again as he leaned over him, kissing his mouth hard. His hand moved to squeeze John’s thighs and then slipped between his legs, tugging lightly on his balls and lingering over his hole. John tried to keep still, but he squirmed with pleasure. Sherlock slipped a finger inside him as his mouth moved over John’s face to his ear and then down to his neck.
"Maybe you want to ask me something . . . something from the game," Sherlock said, his hands roaming over John's back. "Like who it is I love right now . . . do you want to know, John?"
“Perhaps we shouldn’t make any assumptions until we know each other a little longer,” Sherlock said. “So far, you have not been what I’d expected.”
“No specific plans,” Sherlock said, equally casually. “I just wanted to be sure.” He quickly opened a message and typed,
"Well, we know who it is. We just need proof. I had a good time with his girlfriend. Tomorrow should be better."
“Well, he gets that way sometimes,” she said. “As soon as things get steady, he’ll be happy -- or at least as close to happy as he gets. He’s so clever . . . I hope someone will see that and hire him.”
He wondered how John had figured out the truth about their last day together. Afterwards, Sherlock had asked Mycroft about John, whose answers were deliberately cryptic. “He watched you fall” was something Sherlock was already well aware of. When the new posts began appearing, Sherlock knew John would assume he’d be reading them and he kept looking for little private references, but there were none. Obviously, John must know the truth. He’d understand the importance of keeping quiet and thus wouldn’t be dropping hints on their blog.
"I suppose so," John said. It seemed their one night would be just that, like he suspected from the start. And moving in with your one night stand? Sherlock was right. It would be weird. "I should go. I'm sorry about the mix up,” he said.
“I’ve seen John attempt to flirt -- he can barely get women’s phone numbers, let alone any criminal confessions,” he said. “Flirting is not what he needs to do . . . he needs to build trust.” He glanced over at John. “Which is something he can do,” he admitted. He turned back to Lestrade. “Will it be dangerous?”
Sherlock smirked. “You mean because I don’t wear too much flowery perfume? That’s all I remember about the girls I’ve seen with you,” he said. “However, I would start wearing it if it would keep you from forcing yourself to go out on boring dates. You’ll always grumpy afterward.”
"What?" John moved towards the bed and sat on the edge. "How is that going to help? I can tell you what happened." John was panicking a bit. What if Sherlock regretted what had happened?
“When you were helping me, you were touching me and it made me think . . . that I liked it. I liked you touching me . . . and I wanted to touch you too.”
He visited Scotland Yard, doing his best to behave properly in front of (almost) everyone he interacted with. Most of them were idiots, of course, but he wanted Lestrade to trust him, to think of him for cases more complex that standing around a bar watching for a drug dealer. Lestrade said he had nothing, but would call when he did. Sherlock hoped that was true.
"Oh yeah right, let me just jot that down so I don't forget such an important clue," John teased, miming writing a note.
When Sherlock woke up, he had no idea what time it was. He wasn’t even sure what day it was. He tried hard to concentrate and remembered Mycroft had said something about danger. Sherlock must have been relocated once again. This time he was being held in a jail as a prisoner -- unpleasant, he could imagine his brother saying, but safe. He had a vague sense of being drugged upon his arrival here, which felt more than unpleasant. He wasn’t sure how long he’d been there, but more importantly he wasn’t sure how long he’d have to stay.
They sat down to eat, not talking too much as they finished waking up properly. The woods looked pretty, and they listened to the birds. When Sherlock finished eating, he got up to get a cigarette. “If the water looks gross,” he said as he returned. “I don’t think we should go in, all right?”
Sherlock slid John’s computer over and got up and moved to his desk. He spent some researching and then stood up. “I’m going out,” he said.
“I wasn’t looking earlier -- I was too busy trying to get sunburned,” Sherlock said, lifting his hand up to touch John’s bare chest. “You look good.”
“I spoke to him -- something’s gone wrong,” Sherlock said. He raised his hand for a taxi. “Where is he?”
"Hmm? Oh, just this court show. People go on with the stupidest problems. It’s funny sometimes," John said.
“We won some money on the lottery,” Mrs Hudson said. “John is my lucky charm,” she added, giving his arm a squeeze.
"No. I want to know the truth about what's going on here. I've read the stories, Sherlock -- you hate everyone. But not my John!" She turned to John. "And you! You have a whole blog dedicated to him and you want to tell me with a straight face you're not fucking."
"This is just what happens, John," Sherlock said. "Her getting clean is a good idea . . . she just didn't go about it the right way."
"What you're doing is perfect," John said. His hand slid down Sherlock's chest and stomach, touching his warm skin.
John came through the door and looked over at them at the desk. "I was able to leave early. All good?"
