“Oh, thanks. I’d always wanted them. Tattoos, I mean. But I never had the money, and as if my dad would’ve let me, y’know? Should’ve seen ‘im when Harry came home with a little flower one on her wrist.”
“That’s the real reason you came to see me, isn’t it? Got a little jealous of the army doctor?” Sherlock smirked and opened his arms as if to give a hug.
Walking back into the sitting room, John was stopped short when Sherlock stood in front of him and planted both his hands on either side of John’s face.
“You slipped on ice and landed directly on your previously injured shoulder and have spent the last twenty-five minutes in varying amounts of pain and will likely spend the next two days at least with a residual ache, not to mention the possibility of your nightmares being triggered, and you insist on using the word ‘
When he crept open the door, he was greeted with one of the strangest sights he’d ever seen. The sitting room was dimly lit, now that the sun had long gone down. The yellowish glow gave the place an air of content and comfort. And there, just a few meters away, fast asleep on the sofa, was John Watson, tucked snugly under a blanket.
Heading back to the bed, Sherlock got out his tiny notepad and scribbled down his mobile number. He handed John the piece of paper and started walking again.
Almost an hour had passed since John had closed his eyes on the sofa, managing to nod off for most of that time. He cracked open an eye and squinted at the bright orange light from the fire, seeing Sherlock still sitting in much the same position as before. The sun had gone down in that time and it was only after seeing the darkness outside that John realized that they hadn’t eaten a proper supper.
“Hm. Maybe I should get one of those,” John mused. “I could write about my mad friend who keeps eyeballs in a jar.”
Sherlock hadn’t said anything yet except for the small gasp he let out after John took his shirt off. John couldn’t bear to look at his face.
Sherlock weaved the tips of his fingers in between John’s knuckles, along the tops of his fingers, and over the sides of his hand. John focused on the physical weight of Sherlock’s hands on his own, letting it distract him from the thoughts buzzing frantically around in his head.
John carefully placed the jar back on top of the microwave where he’d found it and backed his way out of the kitchen to join Sherlock in the sitting room. He’d been at Sherlock’s flat less than five minutes and had already come across a multitude of questionable leftovers from previous experiments.
John could’ve sworn his heart broke a little at Sherlock’s words. The other students had probably pressured him into drinking just so they could have a laugh at how he’d act.
It took a few moments and a bit more nudging for Sherlock to begrudgingly open his eyes, which he promptly closed again.
alright. I don’t need your bloody help,” he snapped, ripping his arm free of the inspector’s hand as if it were poison. He didn’t glance back once at Sherlock or Donovan, who he knew were most likely gaping at him, and made his way out the door.
“It's never been this bad before, are you sure you don’t need to go to hospital?” Sherlock asked. He’d asked him earlier as well, right after he’d been hurt, but of course John had insisted that he was fine.
John was halfway through his shift at the surgery when he realized that the blurry haze that had been clouding his peripheral vision was not going away, and his heart sank deep in his chest. He felt a slew of emotions pelted on him at once; worry, apprehension, and a tiny bit of fear that was not at all welcome. He continued to move the cold stethoscope across his patient’s chest, feeling a similar icy sting in the same spot.
“Uh, yeah. I guess it’s right there,” John mumbled, looking to where his phone rested on the small counter by his bed.
“Right, that’s quite enough. Now get to the important bit; how did he make you take the poison?” Sherlock asked.
“Yeah, just...painful.” He took as deep a breath as he could and attempted to sit up more, clearly struggling with the motion. Sherlock wished desperately that there was something he could do to make John’s pain go away instantly.
John looked to him and saw that he was hugging his arms close to himself, probably to ward off the chill. John wondered if he’d had a jacket with him before.
Less than a second later, Sherlock was opening his door without so much as a ‘may I come in?’ John huffed and warily sat up in bed.
Slowly, Sherlock and Lestrade began to walk with John, but it was clear that it was going to be difficult. Sherlock couldn’t help but feel a stab of guilt every time John let out a pained noise; how had he failed to notice that John had stopped running behind him? How had he not realized that John hadn’t been there as he was apprehending their suspect? Sherlock wanted to chalk it all up to adrenaline, but he knew that wasn’t it, and the worst part was that Sherlock had done this to John before. He would leave him at crime scenes, dash off without him at St. Bart’s, and somehow, John would eventually forgive him, but Sherlock wasn’t so sure that would be the case this time.
“Alright, alright.” John raised his arms and shucked his shirt, taking a deep breath to calm his nerves. No one had seen his tattoos save for the person who did them, and that had been over a year ago. John had gotten all of it done over the course of a few months and hadn’t been living with Sherlock at the time, else he would have surely noticed. He kept telling himself he’d be comfortable showing them off eventually, but eventually was a more difficult place to get to than he thought, it seemed.
“I’m never gonna remember all this,” John sighed as he hung his head over the medical textbook in front of him.
John let out an amused sigh and raked a hand through his hair. “No, we’ve separated now. It’s an on-off thing.”
Shaking himself from that line of thought, John figured that if Sherlock wasn’t going to get up any time soon, John would just have to give him a little push.
John opened his mouth to respond but slowly closed it as he let Sherlock’s words properly sink in. He looked down to the familiar speckled pattern on the tile floor and gripped the heavy, off-white blanket that felt much too natural between his fingers.
Sherlock could see the man’s uncomfortable scowl in the rear view mirror, but he allowed them the questions nevertheless.
“You know how this works, John. Close your eyes,” Sherlock said quietly, dusting his fingers over John’s eyelids to encourage them to close that last little bit.
“How do you know that?” he asked. He knew that Sherlock had likely just deduced it somehow, but something in his blood still ran cold at Sherlock’s words.
“I don’t want to,” he protested, his arm reaching out to grab weakly onto Sherlock’s sleeve. “We never get any time together, and now that we finally do, I can barely keep my eyes open. We’ve been looking forward to this all week. I’m sorry.”
“You seem a bit strung out yet, and considering I’ll need you tomorrow anyway, not to mention the late hour, it might make sense for you to stay the night.”
Sherlock once again did not join John in bed the next night, but John simply no longer had the energy to feel disappointed. Instead he felt strangely empty, the strange part being that the emptiness somehow made him feel heavy.
“And all that to you, too,” John quipped. “Oh! Before I forget,” he said, rushing back to his bedroom.
“My eyes could never deceive me, only people can, and their sad attempts at doing so do nothing but amuse me.”
“I'll go check on him. Just stay here for a moment, all right?” he asked. Hamish hugged his bee tighter and nodded.
“I need you to get this book for me, the one on the paper there,” Sherlock said, pointing absentmindedly to a scrap piece of paper with a title scribbled on it, his eyes still fixed on the computer screen.
“It wasn’t just that, Sherlock. It’s that even out here, in the middle of nowhere, with no computers or phones or cases, you still barely noticed me.”
“Helping me solve the case,” Sherlock said simply as he sat down in the opposite chair with a manila folder in hand.
When John and Sherlock finished weaving their way through the crowd and got out to the pavement, John led Sherlock over to a bench and sat him down.
John nodded to himself in assurance and made quick work of remaking the bed and packing a suitcase for the weekend.
I know that the beginning of this is pretty similar to the first chapter, but I hope it’s okay anyway and I hope you enjoy it! Also, I should mention that I went back and fixed some things about the previous chapters that were bugging me, and I ended up deleting a chapter because I really wasn’t happy with it, so apologies if things seem a little different!
Another fifteen minutes had passed with no sign of John, and Sherlock had to admit that he was beginning to get slightly concerned. The chill in the cabin had also begun to spread at the lack of fire in the fireplace, and Sherlock figured he may as well go and get some firewood himself, and look for John while he’s at it.
Sherlock felt an odd sense of warmth in his chest at the sight, though he couldn’t fathom why. He decided to back up quietly and use the other door to the kitchen, so he could set down the bag of takeaway he’d gotten.
“Are you suffering from delusions as well?” Sherlock asked suddenly, pulling his gloves tighter around his hands.
“Of course, but I just, I just haven’t thought about it in so long. I guess some part of me thought I was immune.” He chuckled dryly.
Another ten minutes of tossing and turning passed, and John was beginning to resign himself to the idea that he just might not sleep tonight, when his phone buzzed with a text. And another.
By the time John returned to the flat after his day at the surgery, he was well beyond exhausted. His feet just barely carried him up the seventeen steps to the sitting room, and when he opened the door and stepped inside, it was all he could do to fall straight onto the sofa and close his eyes.
Sherlock frowned slightly and knocked a bit louder in case John was entranced in a video game or had the telly on too loud.
“You don’t want to go back to your bedsit, that’s obvious. So if you wanted to, you could erm, stay here tonight. And the night after that,” Sherlock turned to face him, “and the night after that. And, the night after that.” He finished quietly.
After the wind was thoroughly knocked out of him, John gasped for air, and the large man took the liberty of nicking John’s watch.
“Never mind. Just stay there. There’s someone in the flat that I’d rather you not meet. Now go on, shoo,” Sherlock ushered John into Mrs. Hudson’s place, firing off a hurried explanation and quick apology to her.
John frowned and tucked himself back into his pants, sucking in gulps of air to keep himself from getting teary-eyed. How could he go from on the verge of turned on to on the verge of tears in a matter of seconds?
Realistically, as dares came, it wasn’t too bad. His flat was barely a five minute walk down the street, and the worst part would be the freezing winter air that he’d have to endure for about five seconds before he completely ignored the dare and put his shirt back on anyway. It’s not like they were sober enough to check that he’d actually do it, right?
“Just wait." Sherlock held out a hand, trying to look away naturally but still keep an eye on him in his peripheral.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.” John crossed his arms and looked straight ahead, attempting to ignore the fact that his legs had started shaking.
He didn’t speak, he just kept his hand on John, feeling him breathe, in and out, entirely unevenly at first, and eventually calming down a bit. He could still feel the shaking, could still see the way John's legs quivered and how his left hand tried desperately to curl back up into a fist.
John decided to ignore how odd the situation was and felt around Sherlock’s fingernails, surprised at how smooth and well taken care of they were.
“You’ve always got a class, John. You gotta loosen up, mate; you work too much.” Mike pouted like a child, clearly very close to being fully drunk. It was true, though, John had an especially full schedule this term and seemed to be doing nothing but working as of late.
John leaned his head back on the wall in frustration, too weak to properly roll his eyes at the all too familiar situation he’d found himself in.
John felt as if all of the air had been sucked out of the room. He stared unseeingly at Sherlock, feeling the pinpricks of tears forming in his eyes.
“I used to use their lab for experiments on occasion; one of the technicians owed me a favour. It’s an excellent facility, though I’m not technically allowed there anymore.”
John was startled out of his thoughts when Sherlock decided to plop himself back down next to him. John wasn’t looking at him, but he could just feel his all-knowing gaze boring into the back of his head.
John held back anything he was about to say and really thought about Sherlock’s words for a moment. He’d never really interacted with Seb outside of rugby, and he had no idea how long he’d been treating Sherlock like this, or how often.
“Of course we can, sweetheart,” John said, picking up the remote and flicking on television. John hadn’t even started playing the documentary before Sherlock was scuttling into the room and attempting to look like he wasn’t just as excited as their son to watch it.
“As flattered as I am, I would appreciate it if you turned down the level of ogling just a smidge, thanks.” He drawled casually.
“Touché,” John said, pulling out a somewhat heavy object wrapped in tissue paper. He unwrapped the paper to find a stainless steel thermos.
John knew he’d have to do a dare before they let him leave, but it definitely would not be that one.
John wasn’t surprised that Sherlock was still awake, he often lead a much more nocturnal lifestyle, but rarely would he play so late, and rarely would it be something so lovely. Usually, if Sherlock were to play at this hour, it would be harsh streaks of frustration across the strings at his inability so solve whatever case he was working on.
Sherlock put the bow to the strings and began to play, and John suddenly felt as if the entire rest of the world had gone silent. The rich notes being pulled expertly from the strings seemed to echo impossibly within the small room, and John couldn’t seem to do anything but stare in quiet awe.
do?” Hamish pleaded. Sherlock’s answer was once again interrupted when he noticed the steam billowing up from the now scalding running water.
John flinched, suddenly back in reality. Time seemed to speed up around him as he looked back at Sherlock for the first time in what felt like hours.
John tugged his shirt back on and tried to quell the anger and embarrassment bubbling in his chest as he made his way home. He couldn’t believe how fast the night had gone from a friendly round of drinks and some silly games to an absolute mess. He felt horrible for having dragged Sherlock along with him, too. And now he’d just left him with those drunken idiots. John hoped like hell they weren’t giving him a hard time.
He hadn’t always had this problem; it was only after the army, after grainy memories of bombs going off in the distance had etched themselves into his head did he have this reaction.
John nodded sullenly. “It was an interesting case. You were excited. I didn’t want to shove my ridiculous anxieties at you.”
“Well, I am now mildly concerned about you burning your flat to the ground, so yes.” John took a seat on the coffee table and typed out a message to Mike.
John walked out of his psych lecture the next day unable to keep the smile off his face. He kept his grin as he walked to the rugby pitch where he and Sherlock had agreed to meet before walking to Hudson’s together.
“He gave me a choice,” John said with his voice beginning to shake. He was still looking off into the distance as he spoke. “There was a good pill, and a bad pill. I got to choose which to take. And whichever one I didn’t choose, he would take.”
“The gun wasn’t even real! Oh hell, I could’ve just ran out! I was so wasted I couldn’t even tell! I mean, me, of all people should damn well know what a real gun looks like!”
“That doesn’t mean you can just hijack my job as blogger! And it’s password prote—oh, forget it. Sherlock, please cease typing whatever scientific drivel you are infecting my blog with.”
By the time they arrived back at the flat, John was exhausted. The pain medication John had taken at the hospital was making him feel heavy and sluggish, and more than anything, he just wanted to sleep.
, John!” Greg exclaimed, gaping at the mural of tattoos that adorned his shoulders and upper arms. Honestly, he thought he would have dissolved on the spot from embarrassment if anyone were to see his tattoos, but now, now he was just angry.
In the back of his mind, John knew that something was about to go horribly wrong. Because, honestly, what were the chances of something
“When mum left, I had to take care of Harry, and last year I had to get a job, and I’ve got to keep my grades up, and then there’s rugby, and—“ John stopped and held back a sob. He put his face in his hands and Sherlock could tell that he was trying not to audibly cry.
“How are you feeling?” Sherlock asked, looking to John who was tucked under a stiff hospital blanket. Sherlock thought he looked like he was ready to fall asleep any second.
“So you’ve said.” Sherlock bit the inside of his cheek and looked out the window. “I’m not sure yet what I want to do. Who knows, I might just invent my own job if nothing appeals to me.”
It wasn’t until John heard the sound of Sherlock walking away that he snapped out of his sudden haze.
After a few moments filled with slower and deeper breaths, John rested his head on Greg’s shoulder and inhaled his comforting scent. He didn’t hear any more thunder outside, thankfully.
John awoke the next morning with a quiet unease sitting in his chest. He stared blankly at the fabric of his pillowcase and thought back to last night, wondering if he’d somehow crossed a line somewhere, if he’d made Sherlock uncomfortable at all. He knew that it likely wasn’t rational, though; Sherlock couldn’t actually read his mind, not to mention the fact that he was barely conscious for the latter half of the night.
John had to take a moment to right himself as well, and thought hard about how he would go about this.
And if they weren’t being interrupted, they were busy. John had rugby, a job, and mountains of homework, Sherlock had rigorous dance and violin lessons on top of schoolwork, and it all made for barely enough to time for a peck on the lips before one of them was out the door.
John had never been to the Thai place that Sherlock had suggested, which he apparently could tell the quality of by the bottom third of the door handle, though John suspected that that particular deduction may have been a bit of a stretch.
Luckily, the sound of a small group of people approaching was enough to send the thug scurrying off into the darkened alley, even though the people just walked obliviously by. John lay limp for a moment, still trying to catch his breath.
. I can deduce that a man has had knee surgery or that someone had broken their arm when they were twelve without feeling a thing, but imagining what you must have gone through was not so easy. I'm sorry.”
They settled into their chairs, but still John stayed quiet, as if waiting for the correct moment to break the silence.
“He had a panic attack, as if it weren’t obvious. Something at the scene or something in the photos you were looking at must have set him off, though I’m not sure exactly what. And I can’t work a case that could potentially trigger him at any moment.”
“Right, good. That’s good.” John said. He brushed his fingers quickly through his hair and tugged at his jumper, readjusting the shirt underneath a few times as well before finally settling.
“I’ve brought some takeaway. Figured you would be hungry. Lestrade was useless as usual. A lead that led nowhere, what a surprise. Don’t be shy, help yourself," he said, pointing the pen towards the kitchen.
John beamed. "She's great. She's a good student, doing well in her swimming lessons, and she's growing like a weed."
This time, Sherlock allowed it, opening his mouth against Tom's, yielding to the warm pressure of Tom's lips and tongue. Tom's hand cupped the nape of his neck and massaged, and Sherlock couldn't deny that it felt good.
Sherlock held the paper to his nose, inhaling the faint scent of Dunhills. Something about the smell tickled the back of his brain, something only half-remembered and instantly dismissed, implicit not explicit olfactory memory. He closed his eyes and retreated, seeking it out. The smell, something familiar…he'd only been here three bloody days, what could it –
They paused at the edge of the clearing and surveyed the property, a large Palladian house of grey stone at the other end of a vast carpet of greenery. Sherlock saw a lake on one side of the house – man-made, the
"Not once has Christies guaranteed a piece procured by Lord Moran and Lady Howe. I call that unusual, don't you? And the guarantor's split with the house is what – fifty-fifty?"
Horsehair, country complexion, past history, enough money to buy or hire what he needed, resentment or contempt poorly disguised, familiar enough that TWH wouldn't be suspicious until it was far too late.
Mycroft was waiting outside the gates. Sherlock did his best to sail by despite the shrieking knee, but Mycroft caught his arm. "Sherlock."
This time he let it play through, only wincing a bit when Sarah made her appearance. She wasn't bad, as John's girlfriends went, though they'd parted a few weeks ago and John was seeing some other woman whose name Sherlock couldn't recall at all – difficult to get past the sprinkling of spots on her forehead and cheeks.
Benedict released the catch and watched the mirror slide up. "You might want to stand aside too, Ms. Adler."
"Good God," Tom said, obediently pressing his thumbs into the sole of Sherlock's right foot. "When you say 'knocked out' – you mean as in
"No, Ben. Lie still. The paramedics are on their way. We'll get you to hospital, have them take a look at you."
The staff at Altnagelvin had administered a very soothing dose of oxycodone and had also deemed it necessary for him to be given twilight sleep whilst they cleaned up Seb Moran's handiwork, but owing either to an error in the anaesthetist's calculations or simply to Sherlock's constitution, he didn't proceed beyond modest anxiolysis and heard their jocular chattering as the surgical team, seven men and women, commenced their work. He was perfectly amenable to listening. Could be entertaining.
"Well…." Loo lifted one well-groomed eyebrow and wiped her mouth with the back of her hand, keeping her eyes fixed on his. "We can finish upstairs. Not a problem."
"Well, I didn't want to abandon her. She doesn't seem to have a mobile." Clearly he wasn't ready to let it go.
Lord Stephen Moran's London pied-á-terre was a flat-fronted four-storey Georgian in Prince of Wales Terrace, a handsome place and well-kept. Sherlock rang the bell and waited.
"Could I eat in peace, Sherlock?" John set his book face-down on the coarse white linen tablecloth. "I just – just let me eat in peace, all right?"
Benedict wanted to drag Tom upstairs and fuck him senseless, but he forebore, for the moment. "All right." He leant back on the sofa, then jumped up. "I can't sit still for this. Let's go for a walk. I'll tell you everything."
Stifling a groan, his cock so hard it hurt, Benedict found the cream again and slicked himself up. He positioned his cock against Tom's arse, then eased in, shivering in pleasure. "Take it. Take it all."
promised. Though he doubted Cumberbatch could do a thing for John – he'd have to get Mycroft and Lestrade involved. Sherlock's reputation would be scarred for life. Maybe it was best that he didn't get back; he'd never live the shame down. He had a sudden reverie:  disappear as Benedict Cumberbatch, move somewhere else for a while – Florence, Stockholm, Boston – resume his career as a consulting detective, and carve out a new life. It was possible. Of course, he'd never see John again, but that….
"And no news on the –" John checked himself before uttering the word 'autopsy.' He wouldn't mind explaining it to Nora, but not during dinner – though to be fair, she seemed to have a high tolerance for gory details. Her latest ambition, to hear her tell it, was to be a doctor – specifically, a surgeon. Still, some explanations were best reserved for after mealtimes. "The lab results for Lady Howe?"
But now this text had arrived, and Sherlock found himself neatening his hair, which he'd allowed to grow a bit longer lately, dressing with more than usual care, pulling out his newest shoes, and tamping down a minuscule flutter in his stomach.
"Right," Sherlock said. "Right. That's my department, isn't it? I'm the unstable one. Besides, we can't have that. Can't get your hands dirty. Just like Jim." He leant back against the pillows. "Get the hell out of here."
Jim turned to his employees, uniformly burly in their scrubs. "I think we can start phase two," he said. "Shouldn't they be awake by now?"
"Mycroft tried to get me interested in the case, but you know Mycroft – everything he says gets filtered through nine layers of cotton wool. He's congenitally incapable of arousing my interest in a case."
A bit of digging revealed that his iteration of Sherlock Holmes was the most popular one on the archive – and rightly so, obviously – but he spent a few minutes marvelling over the differences of the different men who'd played Sherlock Holmes. The very lean and severe man from the black-and-white films with the ridiculous coat and hat – honestly, could one be more obvious and melodramatic? And that Watson was terribly bumbling and stupid; he wouldn't have lasted a day in the real world. Then there was the television version with the rather good-looking older fellow and a Watson who was marginally brighter. Then there was the scruffy Holmes with the large dark eyes and the handsome and sharp-tongued Watson – now there was a Watson to reckon with, though not a patch on
"No. Wouldn't dream of it," Sherlock snapped, and watched the man leave. He heard his heavy tread descending the stairs, and then bumped the chair close to the table. Awkwardly, he stood, hunched over, and groped for the triangular file dead centre on the table. Thumping down again, he sawed at the tie until it snapped free, then worked on freeing his other wrist.
John glared at Moriarty for a second, then swivelled his head to meet Ben's gaze. Oh, God, Ben was terrified, though it was obvious he was doing his best to maintain a stoic demeanour. How could Jim not see that? He shook his head, attempting to communicate with his eyes.
"Who cares?" Sherlock turned the light onto the autumn-green lining. "Once you're dead, you don't have to worry about it. All that fuss is for the people left behind, anyhow. Let them take care of it."
Panting with effort – he was really out of shape – Henry moved round to face Sherlock and Tom and stared at them for a long minute, his mouth curved in a smile that was almost gentle. Sherlock heard Tom's increasingly agitated breathing and smelled the ammoniac tang of his fear, but forced himself to concentrate on Henry, and on stealthily moving his hand toward the paring knife, easing it up millimetre by millimetre. Henry, if he was anything like a typical stalker-cum-serial killer, and he certainly
Good idea, actually. Sherlock got to his feet, putting his weight experimentally on his bad knee. Not too bad, all things considered. "Front door, John."
“Yes. Yes. Greg. I don’t think I’ve ever conveyed my gratitude to you…for looking after Sherlock. I know you must have protected him from any number of uncomfortable situations.”
He did his stretches, then began a slow jog down the street. He'd do three, four miles and then just cab the rest of the way home.
"I know you don't want to hear this right now, but there's a psychopath in our flat. I don't know how he got in, but I'd like to get him out as soon as possible. Give me the word and I'll tell him to shove off and break in some other day."
"Yeah, hi. Look, I was thinking. It's possible that your murder victim might have had temporary trismus. It's not entirely unheard of." John met Sherlock's eyes and then looked away, concentrating on a spot just to the right of Sherlock's neck. "Most aconitine poisoning presents as a combination of neurological, cardiovascular, and gastrointestinal features, but it's not impossible. There's conium, and that disrupts the central nervous system and causes ascending paralysis. Depending on the strength of the aconitine dose, the victim might have experienced some paralysis, which could explain why nobody heard her. It's hard to scream for help through clenched jaws." John's face had grown steadily more crimson throughout his speech. He fell silent, then sniffed. "Erm…I did a bit of research on it last night."
John watched the lines between Mary's brows deepen. "Vaccinations? Where, exactly, are you planning to take us, Mary?"
you, relax. Anyhow, I got them pretty regularly, one every two weeks or so, then they stopped, then started up again yesterday."
Sherlock neatly caught the pair of gloves John tossed his way. "Steenie Moran? Oh, he fled, no question. The house is dark, staff is gone, no evidence of a struggle, his phone is still in the house according to Mycroft – likely he's got a burner phone for emergencies. I think our friend in the luxury SUV tipped him off. Someone must have been watching the house. That, or Mycroft trusts his own people far too much."
"I'm almost eighty," Tresler said. "Eamonn was eighty-seven. He'd had strokes before. He wore special undergarments so that he wouldn't get piss on his trousers. I have emphysema and lymphoma. The fucking doctors don't expect me to live more than ten months. And now you and your friend are sticking your noses into a bad business, Mr Holmes. We're all on borrowed time, one way or another."
Relief trickled into Sherlock's veins, more soothing than the oxycodone tablets they'd given him hours ago. He smiled and closed his eyes again, and then remembered with a jolt. "Mary?" he whispered, struggling to sit up.
"I mean, so far I've been able to tick off the 'female' box, but they rotate so fast it's hard to even see them, let alone observe. Perhaps we ought to ask Mrs. Hudson to install a revolving door. Make it easier for them."
"Oh, shut up," Sherlock said, and turned on his phone. Low battery – bloody hell, he should have brought the charger. Oh, and seventeen new messages. The three most recent messages were from TWH, the latest one only twenty minutes ago.
Benedict blew out a breath. Surely this only existed here. There was no Mycroft parallel in his London, no mysterious puppet-master pulling domestic and geo-political strings. It wasn't possible to have documents altered or erased, simply to suit someone's whims.
Should he call Mycroft? He abandoned the thought immediately. Mycroft would only make smirking little comments about the inherent superiority of a life of isolation when they both knew it was rubbish and why in God’s name did they still perpetuate that farce? Saving face, yes, but was that even necessary any longer?
"Hi. You're back early, aren't you? No wonder I couldn't get hold of you." He gave her a one-armed hug and kissed her cheek.
“Yes. I think it’s a mark of progress that our offices have been collaborating more. Departmental rivalry is such an outdated construct – a habit really, rather pointless.” Mycroft cleared his throat and regarded Greg in silence.
makeup and prosthetics – gone. His skin, occasionally plagued by makeup, was clear and perfect without…no, he
"Hey, sorry to interrupt your conference, but I've got to make some room. I'm not leaving without pudding, though." He went to the urinal and unzipped, whistling a little.
Oh, no – right. Mystery person. Cumberbatch wasn't letting on about TWH. Oh, God. Why all the secrecy? Except Gatiss knew, apparently, so was it some sort of top-secret gentlemen's club thing? What was wrong with these people, for God's sake?
He didn’t have much of a palate, admittedly, but even Greg discerned the minging reek of his tinned steak-and-kidney pie. The chip shop down the street was still open – maybe cod and chips was a better option.
"They called me at eight-thirty, nine, thereabouts. Stroke." She tapped the cigarette on the surface of the credenza and lit it with an old-fashioned silver table lighter. "I picked his things up this morning and made arrangements for cremation."
Benedict finished his lunch automatically, conscious that the high from besting Irene so neatly had worn off. He missed Tom, his house, his friends, ordinary life. He had a headache, and desperately wanted a cigarette, a glass of wine, and maybe a nap. Beside him, John sat quietly, looking out the window, his hands folded in his lap. Benedict had the sudden urge to tell all, to drop the façade and let things occur as they might. John wouldn't quite understand, but he'd be a sympathetic ear. Wouldn't he?
Right. That didn't do a damn thing. He took more and slathered it on, and then more until his hair was entirely scraped back from his head with a load of Grooming Clay, straight, horribly and unevenly grooved and now dirty-looking in the bargain. Delightful.  And hideously ugly.
“No, I’m good, thanks. Anyway, I’d just slow you down – knowing you, you haven’t packed a bag yet. When’s your flight? Eight tomorrow morning?”
Benedict remained silent. A hard knot of anxiety and rage pressed against his abdomen. He wouldn't be able to take a deep breath without shivering it out.
Sebastian Moran sighed impatiently. "Let's get this over with." He motioned the driver toward the rear of the house, then shoved John up the front walk, keeping his weapon at the back of John's neck. "No sudden movements now. Sure Mary's a crack shot, but like as not she's a wee bit skittish at the moment."
"Oh, it was fine, no problems at all. You were in an awfully good mood today – the trips must have done you good. Was that you singing a little while ago?"
Below, Benedict played a few arpeggios – he'd got better at that, at least – and then, sweet, upward-spiralling notes that wound into near silence, and then a tune that was familiar, something lovely and romantic, almost gentle. Tom hummed along, trying to place the piece. It grew, quick-tempo, playful and a little whimsical, then returned to the familiar theme, and –
, oldest movie cliché in the world, but there it was. Without moving a muscle, he relaxed entirely, feeling as if his whole body had been a tightly knotted fist, clenched for weeks without respite. He didn't want to stir quite yet; he was sure that he had a million things on today – it was the rare day when he didn't – but another few minutes, surely, wouldn't throw a spanner into everybody's works. What day was it, anyway? He didn't even feel like reaching for his phone.
"I see." The PA gave him another sharp look. "How's filming? Tom said you were in the midst of shooting series two."
Sherlock took the letter to the desk and compared it to the handwriting on the Christmas card. Nearly forty years separated the two writing samples, and though the size and slope had changed, becoming neater, slightly cramped, the general formation was similar. It wasn't enough, though. He went back to the first cabinet and continued to search.
"Yes, but this is a priority, along with the autopsy. Evidently Lady Howe was a non-practicing Jew, but her will stated that she wanted to be buried in accordance with Jewish law if possible. It's not entirely possible, obviously, but Mycroft doesn't want to delay any longer. He's become terribly shirty about her wishes. Bag this, please." He removed the lining from the dress and handed John the outer shell.
Moriarty grinned. "Oh, they're around." He lifted his arm above his head and snapped his fingers. Benedict frowned, then caught a sharp flash out of the corner of his eye. He turned his head and saw five or six little red dots dancing over John's body.
A sudden hot, irrational burst of red-tinged anger flared in Benedict's vision. He could take a joke – Martin had pranked him often enough that he'd become accustomed to it, and accepted it with relative grace, but he'd just had enough for now. He tried to struggle to his feet. "It's
John checked his watch:  almost five. By the time Mycroft had arranged everything and they'd set off, it had gone one in the morning and they hadn't touched down at Derry Airport until half three, after delays on the tarmac. Moriarty could have decamped, but surely he'd have waited for John, who had texted a terse reply –
"Yes, it's Cumberbatch's body. We switched." Sherlock rolled his eyes and shook his head in a manner that suggested the entire affair was altogether too tiresome for words.
"Erm…it's…I haven't done the arithmetic but I think it's about a year, year and a half. But John, things aren't the same at all. That is – that visit to Buckingham Palace, that was in the script, but everything that happened afterward…none of it was the same. So if you're asking me if I know what's going to happen in
Sherlock shook his head angrily and looked over at TWH again. He hadn't moved; it was starting to get a little strange. "Are you all right?"
John held up a forestalling hand. "Just – wait there. I'll see what's keeping him." He gave Moriarty a pointed look. "Why don't you sit down? Make yourself comfortable."
"He is," John agreed. "But we'll worry about that another time." After all, there was no guarantee that Sherlock was amenable to spending more time with him, no matter how cordially the last forty-eight hours had gone. "All right, finish your homework." He lifted Nora from his lap, amazed at her solidity for such a little mite.
"Oh, come on. It's genius. You know what's disappointing? The papers tried to call us DedCom way before plan. It's the kind of name that just begs for a joke like that." Moriarty laughed. "Ooh. Too soon?"
"I'm very sorry." Guthrie got to his feet. "I wish I could help, but as I've said, it's confidential. I'll show you out. If there's ever anything else I can –"
"Most smart tech outfits have been participating in this sort of employee culture for years," Sherlock said. "The rest of the world still has to catch up. What's the matter, John – no gaming matches in the surgery?"
An hour later, he was still reading, skimming through the fiction. Fiction, some of it oddly familiar. Just snatches here and there…so very odd. A Victorian predecessor in this universe, a work of fiction, layers and layers away. Sherlock set the phone on the seat beside him and gazed at Not-John, whose name was in fact Martin Freeman, fast asleep, his hands folded on his chest. Sherlock felt the oddest little pang looking at him, and wondered what John,
"I've never seen her before. We dealt with a friend of Eamonn's, a young man. Tall, good-looking. Irish, but with a fancy accent. Almost English. Eamonn hated that, but the young man was…I don't know. Sympathetic."
a pack of lies. I’m probably going to hell for that, but sod it, I made an arseload of dosh. Bought a house and all.”
Rape/non-con. Graphic depictions of violence. Underage. Major character death. Good lord, these fans stopped at nothing. He typed
"More to the point, who hired him?" Sherlock wondered aloud. "Mycroft upped surveillance on Moran's place in Derry, but…." He gestured imperiously toward his coat, which John had slung over the room's single chair. "Hand me my phone, John."
going to be fine. This was exactly what they needed. It would have been nice to say goodbye to Sherlock, but he'd texted – not even a call – saying he couldn't make it, and John hadn't bothered to reply. If Sherlock was going to be a goddamned infant –
"Cloche," John muttered. "Okay." He pulled the blue hatbox from the shelf and opened it, taking the hat and handing it across the bed.
Irene stepped away from John, who was breathing hard and who looked furious. "That's mine," she said, holding out her hand. "Give it to me, please."
Viciously, he kicked at a rock on the path and walked faster. He bypassed the tube station – there was no way he was riding the tube with mouth-breathing morons who gaped and shouted again – and kept walking. He was starting to sweat a bit, but he wasn't hot; instead, he felt profoundly chilled, as if he'd been thrown into icy water. Like that time those human traffickers had shoved Sherlock into the Thames and John had fished him out –
"If she'd found over fifty pieces, there'd be a hue and cry, and surely repatriation of art would make worldwide news. Why the secrecy?"
"Yeah. 'What's it like being a librarian? Sherlock and I once found these crazy Chinese warnings in a library. Where are you from? Oh, Sherlock and I went to Hull a few months ago on a case. Isn't this a great day? Sherlock hates sunshine. I think he might be part vampire.' And on and on and on."
It was so difficult to contain her bitterness at the lost years between them. Mycroft had claimed it was for the best; Violet and Sig hadn’t even had an opportunity to discover whether or not it was true. Violet, in her deepest heart, knew it wasn’t. She’d grieved; no matter what Eurus had done, she was still Violet’s little girl, her youngest and most brilliant child. There must have been something Violet could have done to circumvent the problems that made Eurus struggle so. That chance had been stolen from her, though, and it was unlikely that she’d be able to make a difference now.
"What. Should I –" Benedict squinted at the whiteness that flared, blinding him and obscuring Sherlock from view. He flinched back, hitting his head against something hard.
"It's all right." Sherlock's wounds were beginning to hurt again. They were giving him pain pills every four hours, but they weren't quite as effective as he'd have liked. "John – maybe we should have Mary airlifted back to England. If she –"
"Those of you travelling outside the St. Louis metro area – be careful! The plows can't keep up with the white stuff. Last night's storm dumped ten inches on us and we're due for another pounding tonight, up to six inches. Here's KMOV's Fran Gilbert to tell us all about it. Fran?"
"Jesus," John breathed. "Jesus." He got up, went to the worktop, and poured himself a generous helping of pinot. He took a deep swig. "He was right. The whole time, Sherlock was right. You've been lying to me for – how long? Our whole marriage?"
"On the two occasions that we've gone to a pub, you had to intervene before I was beaten to a pulp. Though I'd have thought it was fairly obvious that those rugby players were there to buy cocaine, and that incident with the MP and the under-aged girl was even more painfully obvious."
John tugged at his t-shirt, and they tumbled down onto the bed. Feverishly, John yanked at Sherlock's pyjama bottoms until they came halfway down, twisted round Sherlock's knees, and then his hand went between Sherlock's legs, grasping his cock and pumping, leaning down to demand a kiss, his prick stiff in his trousers and rubbing against Sherlock's bare thigh.
"No, let's eat." Benedict shucked his jacket and tossed it over the back of a chair, then dropped onto the sofa.
"Ha," Sherlock said sourly. Mycroft hadn't chosen it at all, had he? No. He'd had his own locked cabinet after all.
"That might be taking things a bit far." Tom frowned. "Nothing's actually happened yet. Still…what do
"It's fine," Sherlock said, trying to keep his temper in check. He was tired of being asked. "Honestly, it's fine."
He drew the letter from the envelope and opened it. Inkjet printer, high concentrated accumulation of ink near beginning of letter. Not a printer that got a lot of use. Message delusional and threatening, first establishing false intimacy and then accusing TWH of lying in an interview, detailed description of physical punishment for said transgression. Stalker falling into resentful category:  for reasons valid or invalid, TWH attracted stalker's hostility, incurred desire for revenge and pleasure and sensation of power derived from harassment of victim. Paranoid personality disorders predominated in resentful stalkers, and while the majority made threats, few actually followed through.
Intermingled in Benedict's present tumult of sensibility was a cautious sort of jubilation. He'd been right about John's feelings for Sherlock. Not only physically – he'd felt the evidence of John's arousal against his own (and it was remarkable that Benedict hadn't felt as if he was kissing Martin. No, he was kissing
Sighing, Benedict made another cup of tea – he longed for a cigarette, but tea would have to do – and started on the dishes. He wasn't ordinarily keen on doing dishes, but it felt good to have something to occupy his hands, and soon he became caught up in the rhythm of his task and let the urgent, high-frequency static that had been thundering in his head the past few days dim to a faint crackle. He scrubbed and rinsed and dried and neatened, and before long the kitchen had been restored to its pristine, shining glory.
Tom nodded. "You'd know better than I would, of course. Look, it's only – you've got seven hours left before you learn what's happened. Let's go downstairs. I'll make you some tea and toast, and then we can…erm, work out what to do the rest of the day."
"No. No, not really. It's just…it's a bit weird, that's all. You're sure you haven't got any other family lurking about?" he joked.
How many stupid, meaningless arguments had they had over nothing? All his petty bitching, his moods and exasperations and resentments. Certainly every couple had them, but if he'd been more patient, listened, watched her carefully…if he'd read the contents of that thumb drive instead of pitching it away and sweeping her past life under the rug instead of confronting it, talking it out, maybe he wouldn't have stored grievances. And worse, hurt Nora in the process. God knows what damage they'd done, and if Mary…oh, God.
"Yeah. Yeah, I'm fine. Mycroft?" John couldn't hide his flush of pleasure at the warmth of that greeting, and found that he didn't want to.
"Barotrauma, John." Sherlock came out of the kitchen, fully outfitted in apron and goggles over his dressing gown, t-shirt, and pyjama bottoms. In one hand he brandished a striker, in the other a pair of crucible tongs clenched round something that looked weirdly like a deflated saline breast implant. A clear, viscous liquid dripped from it, splattering on the floor.
"Oh, yes, they're there. Delivered by DHL, if you can believe it." Moriarty chuckled and cut one of Sherlock's sleeves off. "The managers think they're lithium batteries. Do Not Open Until Christmas."
He would see that the grave received proper looking-after and come back in a few years, perhaps, when time had begun its ineffable work.
"Jesus, Sherlock." John rugby-tackled Sherlock to the bed and kissed him. "I don't fucking deserve you, you know that?"
"Doesn't it?" Mycroft said, and dropped his cigarette to the gritty stained floor, grinding it out thoroughly with the toe of one shoe. "Seems a bit dull."
Bloody hell. John was one thing; they hadn't been living together too long, if the timeline was as Benedict suspected, but Mycroft…Sherlock's own brother, canonically more intelligent, certainly devious, at least the way Mark played him (and that was Mark's identical twin standing there, so logically, or at least as logical as one could be in this phenomenally weird situation, it was sound to align personalities), and not a little scary, staring at him with cold, narrowed eyes.
"Anyone can do that," Benedict said. "If they've seen the show." He pressed his hands together and forced himself to speak calmly. "You're a fiction, and I'm hallucinating. So if you can't deduce us out of here, kindly shut the hell up so I can think, okay?"
"Dr Watson." The charter airline's sole flight attendant was blonde and petite, dressed in a short-skirted red uniform vaguely reminiscent of a 1960s stewardess. "I'm so sorry to have to tell you this. We're experiencing some electrical issues and Captain Vaughan estimates that our takeoff will be delayed by an hour." She smiled, professional and apologetic.
Mary hugged Nora tightly and buried her face in the smooth brown hair. "Thank you, love." She straightened and smiled. "Go on now. Dinner in a bit." She swatted Nora on the bum and turned back to the cooker, lowering the heat below the rice pot incrementally.
"Mycroft's people did reconnaissance. Let's hope they're not quite as incompetent as they were last night. By all reports our man in the luxury vehicle left in the very small hours of the morning."
Slowly, cautiously, Benedict took his arm away from his face and sat up, squinting through tears. Christ, the light was almost pure white, like football stadium halogens. There was a mottled blur about two metres away, a vaguely human shape. "Who's that?" No answer came from the figure, so he rubbed his eyes to clear them. God, couldn't they turn the light off? He drew his knees up and stared down at the dark wool of his trousers to soothe his eyes. "It's not funny," he muttered, then looked at the figure, who was also sitting on the floor. "Holy
"Here you go." Moriarty handed one of the bottles to Seb, then untwisted the cap of the other and held it for a moment. "Sherlock, you are pleased to see me, aren't you? You spent so long looking for me, after all."
"Hey, love!" John called. "We're in the kitchen." He opened the oven and checked on the food. "Clear your stuff away, sweetheart," he said to Nora, dawdling over her maths. "We're about ready to eat."
It was John's turn to pick up Nora after swimming classes and he didn't want to go home and turn right round again, so he stopped at the pub. He'd been stopping by the pub a lot lately, but it was convenient and anyway he usually only had one pint, sometimes two. It was a decent place in a quiet neighbourhood near the pool, and while he'd established a nodding acquaintance with some of the other regulars, he hadn't made a move to join them. He'd take a magazine or a book and read. It was a nice way to wind down from the day, actually.
"Tell you everything later. Let's get you out of this. Is there a knife nearby, or –?" Sherlock looked round quickly. "Of course not. Hang on, let me go get one." He jumped up.
"Sherlock, Sherlock, Sherlock. You poor eejit. Don't you keep up with tech news? Dedalus Communications is the biggest manufacturer of sim cards in the world now. Dedalus snapped up optic nerve technology after GCHQ abandoned it. Dedalus willingly opened its servers to the NSA and was remunerated handsomely, and not with cash. Dedalus is the largest aggregator of dark fibre in Europe, North and South America, and Australia. Dedalus is seething with metadata. Good God almighty, how do you think I got control of every bloody television in the UK? And that was ten years ago. Ten years, Sherlock. You have no idea what I can do. I could black out the world, if I had a mind to." Sweat stood out on Moriarty's brow. "And I do, as it happens. But I'm going to let the information out a bit at a time. There are so many little groups of madmen just waiting to be acknowledged, and they're all going to have their day in the sun. And the chaos that will ensue as the world tears itself apart…." Moriarty pressed a hand to his chest and closed his eyes. "Sublime.
"Oh. Oh." Tom's hand had insinuated itself between fabric and bare skin and was rubbing, stroking, his thumb brushing against the supersensitive head of Sherlock's penis.
Sherlock opened his eyes and glared at the man hovering uncertainly above him. Not literally hovering. That would have been something. "What?"
"Because Mary tried to save Lady Howe." Sherlock shifted his stance slightly, using the wall as support. "You were the one who administered the antidote – or tried."
By the time he arrived, he was sweating. Disgusted, he stripped off his jacket and slung it over his shoulder, feeling rivulets of perspiration trickling down his back. The sun beat down on his head and his skin felt uncomfortably prickly and hot. He dug in Cumberbatch's wallet but found no Oyster card – wasn't that typical, pampered moron actor – but found some cash for the fare. He squeezed on the train with a mass of people in summer clothes and vacant grins and stood near the door, turning his face away from a sea of bad perfume and body odour, glad when it was time to change trains.
Grateful and effusive thanks to Thetimemoves(WriteOut) for beta and for being kind and gently encouraging when I thought I'd never write again. Check out her own delightful Christmas piece,
The text had never come, though, and Sherlock had all but run into the terminal to see John waiting at the ticket counter, his hands stuffed into his pockets, baggage at his feet. He wore dark jeans and a woollen jumper in a delicate biscuit brown, and the new Melton wool coat, and though the fit of his clothes had always been approximate at best – everyone on Earth could benefit from a decent tailor – to Sherlock, he looked absolutely wonderful.
"Yep." They rounded the corner onto Wricklemarsh Road. The house lay beyond the park, its peaked roof just visible over the denuded trees.  They drew closer, and Nora let out a squeal. "Mum's home!" She tugged at John's hand. "Come on, Daddy!"
After risking a quick glance over his shoulder to ensure that Henry wasn't watching him, Sherlock lifted his head a little and rapidly catalogued his surroundings. They'd gone about five kilometres – first over a smooth municipal road, then onto an inadequately maintained single lane that branched off due northwest to what was still Henry's property, in this instance a farmhouse and stables in a sort of quasi-Normandy style. Judging by the unkempt grass and general disrepair of the structures, the place had been neglected for years, probably too much trouble for Henry to modernise for rent or repurpose. There might be running water, but in all likelihood there wasn't the comfort and convenience of Henry's house, all the little touches Henry had no doubt added over the years, if Tom's half-hysterical assertion had been correct, in order to facilitate a really satisfying kill or two or twenty.
Like a magician pulling a rabbit from a hat, Sherlock produced a paper bag from one of his capacious pockets. "Thought you might be peckish, too. It's a ham and cheese toastie."
"You'll never understand, Jim," Benedict said softly. "You'll never comprehend how good John is, how decent. There's no reward for virtue at the end of the life we're given, so we have to make our own and learn the secret of living. Sometimes we have to struggle for it, and sometimes it's given to us, if we're very, very lucky. It's not always what poets would have us believe, and it doesn't mean there won't be pain or disillusionment or loss. The game's changed, Jim. You can steal anything and everything, except this."
As always, thanks to kimberlite and vilestrumpet for amazing and lightning-fast beta and Britpick, and for being generally excellent as well. :)
a rational person, and reasonably intelligent. There had been a few times in his life that had required what had felt like an extraordinary leap of faith:  first time on the football pitch, surrounded by bigger boys. Asking a girl to dance. First time he'd had sex, with a girl, then with a boy. His first oration in Greek. First time onstage. First time in front of the cameras. Afterwards, he'd marvelled at his own fright – sometimes, it was simply a matter of taking a deep breath and accepting the outcome of a decision. And he liked to think that he was still open to the world's extraordinary surprises.
on the bedside table and stroked from her shoulder to her hip. Mary's hand slipped lower, over his stomach, under the waistband of his boxers, closing round his cock. "Oh." He closed his eyes for a moment to feel the length of her body against his, her softness, the heat of her, the movement of her hand. He was ready almost immediately. He pulled his boxers down, rolled atop her, tugging the nightie upward. In, in, in. He moaned quietly.
Despite the pain in his head he smiled a little. Nick Dedalus must have been awfully paranoid if he didn't believe a gun-toting Real IRA extremist could keep him safe from Sherlock Holmes. Not a bad reputation to have, on the whole.
John grabbed for Sherlock's hand and buried his face in the bedclothes, keening. "I'm sorry, Sherlock. I'm sorry, I'm sorry."
Okay. A strategic error had been made, certainly. He was prepared to admit that. It had been a bad moment and given another opportunity he wouldn't do it again, but it wasn't really his fault. Wine and temporal-spatial anomalies clearly didn't mix well, and any other person in his predicament would have likely gone off the rails ages ago if Cumberbatch's stammering panic was any measure by which to judge. Sherlock closed his eyes for a moment, not wanting to imagine the havoc Cumberbatch was wreaking in 221B and beyond. Moriarty in the flat. Absolutely perfect timing. He'd have to trust John to maintain a facsimile of sanity, but with Cumberbatch in the mix there was just no telling.
"Roger," John replied softly, advancing on the dark and silent Moran house. "Structure appears deserted. Anything round back?"
was a put-on, Sherlock's thorny defence, but now it seemed like the most clear-thinking strategy possible. And Moriarty was relentless and whimsical and utterly, utterly mad. How could he fight that?
"Evidently Mycroft doesn't seem to know what his left hand is doing." Sherlock smirked at his brother.
"No, but that's what he does, yeah?" John let out a little chuffing laugh. "Oh, Christ, Sherlock. It's a huge fucking mess." He sniffled and wiped his eyes again. "Sorry for breaking down like that."
John awoke with a stiff neck, a dust-dry mouth, and a headache throbbing behind his eyes. He covered his eyes with his arm and turned, burrowing back into his pillow.
A million skillion thanks to kimberlite and vilestrumpet for beta, britpick, and general awesomeness.
Stripping off his wet socks, he found fresh, dry ones and put them on, then bounded downstairs, taking the steps in threes. He scooped up the phone, Cumberbatch's jacket, and was just wrenching Cumberbatch's shoes onto his feet again when the doorbell rang.
People divorced all the time, though, didn't they? And kids turned out just fine, in the main. Besides, what sort of damage would he and Mary do if they stayed together? This sudden influx of wealth could cause all sorts of problems, perhaps turn their present state of low-level squabbling into something sharp and fierce. He felt it already:  Mary's insistence that they take a long holiday, her insistence that Nora go to St Teresa's. Those difficulties would only intensify with time.
Sherlock felt the edge of the knife pressing against his left arse cheek. That was going to be difficult to explain if Henry saw it, but there was nothing for it now. He was grateful that Cumberbatch appeared to favour rather form-fitting underwear; with a bit of luck it wouldn't slide down his trouser leg. He gauged the route they were taking, out of the tiny village and onto a bumpy, ancient macadam back road. Blinking hard to clear his head – no concussion, but there'd be a hell of a mark – he glanced around the interior of the Land Rover as far as his limited vision would allow.
"She said that they'd come to repossess the painting, and that I was to remain very still and not call for help. He was going to tie me up, or shoot me, I think, depending on my reaction – he seemed nervous – but I told them they were welcome to the fucking thing. I think that might have surprised them. They lifted it off the wall and left. That was it." She drew on her cigarette again; it had burnt nearly to her fingers. "Then last Sunday some people from the First Minister's Office and the Department of Justice came to see me. I played stupid."
Still, he wasn't going to waste his time sitting round a hotel room in Cardiff. He'd have to sort out the Cumberbatch dilemma, work out his schedule,
“Please. One is in Islamabad, isn’t she? Five children. The other one’s in Dorchester. Or is it Doncaster? I don’t remember. The point, Gautam dear, is that I don’t fancy being deceived.”
Sherlock simulated hearty laughter. "What, I can't tell them you said it was okay?" Enright laughed uproariously. Ha ha ha.
, and it didn't last. On average, mutual sexual obsession lasted six months, give or take a few weeks. Half a year of frantic scrabbling and swollen genitalia before the brain came to the rescue and saved the self from immolation. Murders committed in the throes of passion were boring, too, solved in a day, and when one came right down to it he didn't give a damn about Thomas W Hiddleston's aching heart or manly tears. It wasn't his world and he hadn't asked to be brought here.
Any semblance of sleep fled at once. "Cumberbatch," Sherlock said harshly, and scrambled to his side. He shook his shoulder roughly. "Cumberbatch, wake up! What's happening?"
Nora obediently kissed him and slumped in her seat, but didn't take her eyes off John. "I don't want to stay here."
"Yeah." John turned to glare at Moriarty's grinning mug. "Last time we met, you strapped me into five kilos of Semtex. Sorry if your feelings are hurt." He turned back to offer the beaker to Sherlock. "How's your head?"
Neither Mary nor John were particular fans of theatre, but just last year Tim had given her tickets to
There were options, none of which appealed. He could:  1) Tell Jim to fuck off. 2) Tell him he was right, it was Jim he loved, and agree to go with him if he let John go. 3) Tell Jim the truth - he wasn't who Jim thought he was.
Ah. Physical punishment, not sexual assault, then. It was a tossup as to which was more painful, though the latter wasn't necessarily out of the question yet. Sherlock managed a derisive snort. "He ruined his own life. With some help from you and Jim, obviously."
?" Moriarty got to his feet and paced the length of the room, stopping at the window and drawing the curtain aside. "I can take you away from all this. I can unlock the treasure and spill it at your feet. I'll show you the abominations and the sublimities, and you can bathe in them." He turned back and beamed. "You'll never be bored again."
Benedict looked down and saw a slick black apron and smelled something awful. "All right," he said, conscious that his voice was trembling just a bit. "Joke's over."
"Not deliberately," Sherlock replied, rubbing his eyes. He'd been up for nearly thirty hours and was beginning to feel it. Actually, he'd begun to feel it five or six hours ago – if he hadn't been fatigued, he'd have outrun Conran and Company faster, he wouldn't have slipped, and he wouldn't have needed rescue from the Met. Damn it. "Oh – the case is in Stewie Graves' flat, under the floorboards, along with the heroin. Two hundred kilos, if Stewie hasn't tried to offload some of it himself, and God knows he might have done, considering how stupid he is."
"Yeah, nice one, huh? Amanda got it for me at Christmastime when we were in Ireland. Grafton Street, I think."
"Sherlock!" New calluses on John's hand as well, smooth in the centre, rough at the edges – more phone usage than usual. "Jesus, what are you doing here?"
– but that was getting off on the wrong foot. He could be a grudgy arsehole, or he could take a deep breath and tread carefully. He needed a distraction, and if he was honest, he was tired of being angry. Sherlock had admitted fault. It was done. Maybe.
If seven British soldiers were buried beneath the house, then odds were that the house was located in one of the areas of Derry that had been traditionally Catholic in the 80s. The city was predominantly Catholic now, but –
tired; exhausted, in fact, about to drop. But his eyes met John's for a split second, and the resolve in them was unmistakable.
His head ached abominably, but Sherlock ignored it as best he could, lying in the rear of the Land Rover and listening to Tom's muffled crying. Tom seemed a bit ahead of schedule. Typical victim responses to the actions of a serial killer were remarkably similar to Kubler-Ross' five stages of grieving model, and Tom had apparently reached the Depression stage already, quite quickly after the Anger stage and having bypassed the Bargaining stage due to inability to communicate. Sherlock was certain his hormones hadn't quite caught up yet. He'd done a paper at uni:
"Yes."  Sherlock sat back on the sofa, his hand almost unconsciously moving to the old wound in his chest. Just lately, it seemed as if the bones round it ached in the damp. Paired with his knee, it made for a truly dreary little cocktail of bodily decay.
A young woman in a sober navy suit and a neat blonde French twist greeted her as she walked in the door. "Good afternoon. How may I help you?"
"And it might drive an ordinarily stable individual to a breakdown." Tom gave Sherlock a stormy look. "You've criticised Ben pretty liberally, but it sounds as if he's held things together well, all things considered."
"I'm not seeing anybody. At all," Sherlock said sourly, and then realised how sour he sounded. "At the moment," he amended, which was no more than the truth. Sort of.
She sauntered into the room in a cream-coloured dress, clinging and prim at once, sheer black stockings, impossibly high black heels. How in God's name women walked in those things…her hair was done up in a roll, her lips painted as scarlet as the soles of her shoes. Benedict suppressed a grin. He'd definitely got the drop on her.
"Maybe not," John admitted. "I don't know. You feel like you've got to blame someone, though. And what you said about the IRA –"
The cabbie laughed. "School bores her. I think that's Sherlock's fault as well. She wants to fight crime, she and her best chum. I tease them a bit – call them Holmes and Watson."
"Come on, tell Daddy." Moriarty's voice had dropped into a low, insinuating murmur. "Confession's so good for the soul. Be fair, now – I answered one of your questions. How long? Or – you don't
Inside the chest, grotesquely folded and bluish-grey in hue, was the body of Lady Howe's elusive PA, Georgina.
John chuckled. "Yeah, 'course I did." He turned away, his heart sore, and lifted the pasta from the cooker, pouring it into a colander to drain.
He set the phone down and pressed his fingertips together lightly. The impulse to say something, to tip the delicate balance of the last few days into something more visceral, was strong. Certainly they couldn't sidestep the last few years forever. Hadn't it been only yesterday that he'd resolved to let things fall as they might? And hadn't that destructive impulse, right or wrong, been the very thing that had resulted in four years of silence between them?
A fist made of iron slammed into his midsection, and something dark fell over his head – a cloth sack or pillowcase. Sherlock gasped like a fish, reeling from the blow, and tried to call out.
Pushing his face into Ben's pillow, he bedewed it with a few bitter tears. The only person he could talk to about this was Benedict, and Benedict hadn't seemed inclined. And the rescue…! Jesus Christ, that training for
"All right." Trish turned to Mary. "You come here." She hugged Mary tightly. "This week, okay? I'm only here 'til Friday."
Making sure he had Sherlock's key card, he went back to the reception desk. "Hi again," he said to the incurious clerk. "Have you got a first aid kit? An eyewash station?"
John blinked, then hastily stuffed some paper into his pocket and moved toward Sherlock, limping slightly.
. Sherlock ate hungrily and tried not to think of the innumerable dinners John had made for him, trying to stave off malnutrition. Silly – Sherlock ate when it was necessary. But he'd appreciated the gestures, even if he hadn't actually said so.
"Mm…seems so. If not, I'll use yours." Sherlock set the phone on the night table and sat up. He offered John a funny upward twist of his mouth, not quite a smile. "Having fun yet?"
"I think I can make a fairly accurate guess," Sherlock said. He picked it up gently and turned it over, discerning a faint inscription on the back of the fleur-de-lis.
Mycroft's brow shot up. "Must I enumerate? Very well. Your timorous entrance into the house. The manner in which you ate your soup. Your lack of comment on the flavour of the soup – Sherlock detests consommé.  Your lack of comment on the doneness of the chips. Your choice of condiments. Your remark about –"
He looked out the peephole – not that the thing was all that effective – his own mother would look like an axe murderer through the distorting glass – and his stomach sank as he saw two people standing on his doorstep and he finally recognised them. He opened the door.
"I got scared," Tresler said simply. "Some of them, my mother told me, got away with fair sums of money, jewels, objects. Paintings. Some of them were still well-connected. The Church, governments who didn't mind harbouring Nazis, organised crime syndicates. I didn't want any information traced back to me."
your type? The procession of women through the flat is so quick that it's difficult to work out any commonalities."
"Yeah, it does." John stepped away, his prick aching with need. "I'm mad about you, all right? I love every little fucking thing about you, and like I told Ben, it took me all of a week to fall hard. Those few days without you were horrible, and when I thought that you might not come back I wanted to…I felt the way I did before I met you, before Mike introduced us. And I know you don't give a fuck about feelings, but –" He shook his head. "If this is some sort of experiment, Sherlock…I can't. Do you understand? I can't do it."
"Blech." The skip was back in Nora's step. John decided not to chide her about her shoes. "Did you talk to Mum today?"
"No. If what Moriarty says is true, he's got eyes and ears on most mobiles. Possibly even encrypted ones. I don't want to risk alerting John. The further away they are, the better." Sherlock began to limp toward the door, still holding on to Mary. "Mary…I'm going to stay here with you."
That explained the 'inheritance' and Mary's sudden desire to travel, to remove John from Sherlock's vicinity. God, of course. What sort of payout had she got for this? Or was it simply that Sherlock was on the case and would inevitably solve it?
what TWH and Cumberbatch did in bed together collided with arousal and sparked a bit of creativity. Sherlock grasped Tom's chin in his hand and tightened his fingers a bit. Unbidden, a visual of him doing the same to John – or no…better still, John doing it to
Sherlock recognised the voice, as well as the distinctive smell of West Ireland mud and sheep dung. "I wasn't expecting company."
"No, of course I do. She's your only child, it's natural you should want to protect her." Sherlock got to his feet. "When are you leaving?"
"I'm just trying to wrap my head round it," Tom said. He crouched next to the sofa and peered curiously at the familiar face.
John didn't reply immediately. "Yeah, she's been there, what, seven years now, almost eight. She gets to travel quite a bit. Tim's qualified to practise in a number of countries, so that's a treat for her."
.  "If you Googled the name Eamonn Reilly, you wouldn't find much, but he's famous nevertheless in his part of the world. Participated in a number of attacks over the last fifty years, but he's never been caught red-handed and his alibis are always watertight. Makes you wonder if he's got someone powerful looking after him, doesn't it?" He smiled at John and stepped into Reilly's room, turning on the overhead fluorescents. "Good evening, Mr R –"
The sound of Nora's alarm, a high-pitched shrilling, pierced her thoughts. God, how could she stand that? It was a Hello Kitty clock, though, and Nora refused to part with it. Maybe Mary could persuade her to find something more soothing on her new phone. The plumbing thudded dully in the walls.
"I haven't smoked in years," Sherlock said. "Besides, there's the dozens of litres of gin, I think that probably enters into it too." He gestured at the bin bag on the floor.
Mycroft folded his hands together and furrowed his brow in thought, and in that moment the resemblance between brothers was unmistakable. "If you do this, you realise you may be confronting your own wife."
"Wait – let me finish. And then I used Mrs H's death to my advantage." Sherlock's cheeks were bright red. "I don't mean that I wasn't grieving, but…I could have stopped it that night, and I didn't."
Sherlock withdrew Cumberbatch's money clip, got out the fare, and added a fifty-quid tip. What the hell, it wasn't his money anyhow. "Tell her…." Children, both ordinary and extraordinary, were a notoriously changeable species; probably in a few years she'd want to be an astronaut or a barrister. "Give her my best. Tell her…tell her she'll be a marvellous Holmes as long as she has –"
"I do. I think I'm ready," Mary said. She tore the plastic open and poured the vegetables into a saucepan. "I'll have to do it gradually, but I think it's time." She turned away. "And I want to send Nora to St. Teresa's."
Blood surged to Sherlock's cheeks. "What – why do you ask that? Just because you're attempting to hide what too many people still think are deviant practices in order to maintain some sort of impossible glossy façade, you believe you can pick me apart? See what makes me tick? Haven't you got autographs to sign or journalists' arses to kiss?"
Mary laughed. "You and your Tabasco. Yes, you may. Go back to your book, I'll have it ready in two shakes of a lamb's tail."
He didn't know why, but her calm expression and sympathetic tone enraged him. He held himself still. "Really."
"Right, I wasn't sure. It got pretty weird here, though not much weirder than any other week, when I really think about it." John smiled.
"We'd better go to bed. It's really late, and I'm still exhausted. It's been a jam-packed day." Tom smiled tiredly. "We can…I guess we can sort this out in the morning."
"Eight hours. Eight." He turned his face upward and addressed the sky. "Why is it so hard to find good help these days?"
"In your research," Mycroft persisted, "did you see any evidence that theirs was not a chance meeting?" Daintily, he plucked Sherlock's glass from the mantel and examined the wood for condensation.
"Posh guy, huh?" Sherlock tried an ingratiating grin and took a huge bite of his sandwich. Needed ketchup.
"He's leaving for Spain," Sherlock said. "Today. In an hour." He pressed his lips together. "He wanted me to have breakfast with him and Eleanor this morning, see him off properly, but I begged off."
"Always so easy for you," Henry continued conversationally. "Curly locks and big blue eyes. So easy."
"John." Sherlock took a step forward and grasped John's shoulders. John tried to struggle away, but Sherlock held him fast.
John remembered Sherlock's uncharacteristic and penetrating gentleness at the racecourse, as if he'd seen into every one of John's habits, his frequently visited websites, the two thousand pounds he'd lost last year. Or possibly, the extra pint, sometimes two extra pints, that he'd imbibed the last eight or ten times he'd visited the pub – not a lot, but enough to make the waistband of his trousers tight and send him resentfully to the park for evening jogs. Sherlock's voice, quiet as it was, felt like a reproach, and John wasn't prepared to humbly accept reproaches from Sherlock Holmes. It was pointless to belabour what couldn't be undone, but that didn't mean all was forgiven. "Yeah. Well, at some point you realise that you've got responsibilities. You grow up a little. Just a little." He smiled, but bitterness flooded his stomach. How fucking pompous he sounded. "I'll see you, Sherlock." He wheeled and headed for the door.
"Or at least 'til she blows it on a weed-and-vodka bash when she turns eighteen," Mary laughed. She grew serious. "I didn't take it all back, though."
Sherlock heaved a ragged sigh. "Of course," he replied quietly, and went about unfastening Tom's ankles and wrists. He was glad to see Tom remove the blindfold himself.
The temperature dropped dramatically that night, and a mixture of snow and sleet buffeted the windows of 221B. Sherlock made a pot of tea, dragged out his violin, and played for a while, wandering round the flat, now and then watching Baker Street turn white and still.
"What I can't understand," Sherlock continued, as if John hadn't spoken, "is why you insist upon staying. I've never had a flatmate who lasted longer than three months. My habits aren't tidy, save my personal hygiene, I use the kitchen as a lab, I play the violin at all hours, and I stole your good shoes to test speed of fungal growth on a pair of feet I borrowed from Molly. Sorry about that, by the way."
"Ten. We're losing the day," Sherlock said, and rang off, pleased. True, John had always been slightly more biddable in the mornings, but the past twenty-four hours he'd been so very agreeable, if a trifle aloof – perhaps he'd missed Sherlock's company as well as the adventures they'd had. It seemed too much to even dare to hope for, an indulgence of the worst sort, and when one came right down to it, foolish besides. Likely when this was over, John would realise anew that as much as he missed the adventures, he was too comfortable with his life to upset it chasing criminals, that it was dangerous and he wanted to avoid danger for the sake of his family, and that Sherlock hadn't changed and was still an annoying arsehole.
"You okay?" Tom called softly, but Ben hadn't heard him or had chosen to ignore him. Could have been either; Ben's mood was a little – well, a lot – erratic lately. Even the post-kidnap cuddle had been a bit on the awkward side. Reticent as Benedict could be in public, with good reason obviously, he was warm and affectionate in private, and though maybe Tom's own needy psyche was to blame, he craved more than a few hugs and murmured assurances. Probably it was Tom's fault, extraordinarily high and unrealistic expectations. Still, he'd hoped for more empathy, considering that Ben had undergone a similarly traumatic event.
The room was small, consisting of a bedside table, a lamp, a wardrobe, and a bed that was covered in an intricately patterned quilt. John plopped his suitcase onto the bed and opened it up. He found three days’ worth of clothes, a few toiletries, and surprisingly, his favorite books. John smiled to himself, thinking that he’d never even told Sherlock which were his favorites, of course he just knew.
John knew that Sherlock had been sitting across from him when they’d gotten back from Scotland Yard, but he couldn’t be sure now, his peripheral vision seemingly becoming more and more hazy.
John was careful not to rest his head too heavily on him, though, because it still felt as if there was some sort of tension between them, a fragile barrier that would break with one wrong move.
When they finally made their way back to the cabin, Sherlock set John down on the sofa slowly and covered him with a quilt to keep him warm. He spent the next few minutes sprinting all around the house trying to get a signal, when finally he was able to call for help.
“Then why take so many cases? Why stay up countless nights looking at fungus under a microscope or go to Bart’s or wherever and not even think about the last time you’ve bloody kissed me? Christ, even I can’t remember. Be honest with me, Sherlock, am I…boring now?”
“Excuse me,” Sherlock said, tapping on the divider. The cabbie turned around for a moment to address Sherlock. “Do you mind if I ask you a few questions?”
John waited with bated breath for Sherlock to say something, but in lieu of responding, he simply reached out and trailed his finger over the tattoo again, sending shivers down John’s spine.
The side of Sherlock’s mouth quirked up in small smile as he set his phone aside and reached out to take a piece for himself as well.
He sighed to himself and turned on his side, grabbing a pillow to hold in the crook of his arm in place of the best friend and lover that he’d grown so accustomed to holding.
When the shaking seemed to have dissipated, John steeled himself and went back to typing. It only took a few more sentences, however, before the tremor crept up on him yet again and caused his fingers to smash clumsily onto the keyboard.
“Oh is that right? You think you’re a tough little sod, walkin’ round this part of town at night?” John struggled as the man gripped both his arms now with large, rough hands. “Shouldn’t you have a little cub scout holdin’ your hand when you cross the street?” he sneered.
Sherlock stopped short and turned sharply on his heel, his face suddenly inches from John’s. “Why do you always insist on appointing yourself the role of my personal therapist?” he seethed.
He stepped forward until they were practically chest to chest, reached out to gently cup the back of Sherlock’s head, and pulled him in close.
After almost getting his rusted key jammed in the lock for the umpteenth time, John pushed open the ancient door to his flat and made his way up the steps. He could hear the muffled din of the television through the walls which could only mean that Mike was in and was likely in the middle of one of those trashy dramas he was so fond of.
By the time John had cleared away most of the mess, he could have sworn that his heart was pounding ten times louder in his chest. He finished up with one last cursory sweep of the towel before setting it back down on the counter.
Sherlock’s face appeared to be a mixture of surprise, confusion and, at least in John’s eyes, disgust. He also appeared to be suddenly incapable of speech, his jaw opening and closing minutely as he stared.
And it may have been fast, and messy, and downright indecent, but it'd felt incredible. That night was over a month ago now, and the mere thought of how long it’d been made John grimace and stop his slow strokes.
“Sherlock, I’m leaving in a year. Who knows how few and far between my leaves are gonna be, or when I’ll get to see you again. And, Christ, I want to see you all the time. I miss you when you’re in class, I miss you when you go pretend to get the milk, and I’m gonna miss you when I’m gone. I got this tattoo to remind me of you. Do you get what I’m saying?”
According to John’s mum, John needed ‘bed rest.’ Sherlock had been fine with this at first, assuming that bed rest simply meant that John would lie in his bed while they talked and played board games instead of being in the sitting room or going outside. He was
Sherlock worried his bottom lip for a moment before slowly moving to sit down in the chair next to John. “In this case, I feared that if I got too close, I would be forced to…confront certain things.”
“Sherl...” John tried to yell, but there didn’t seem to be enough air in his lungs. He opened his mouth to call for him again, but was abruptly cut off when the tip of his shoe became wedged in a tree root and he found himself falling and falling fast.
“You mentioned that you’d be meeting me after your psychology class, and now here you are with bags under your eyes that are clearly more pronounced and a slight rasp to your voice that one typically acquires upon just waking up.”
These fics have not been beta'd or Britpicked, so all mistakes are mine, and comments or suggestions are always welcome! ^^
John also shot the waiter an affable grin as he walked away, but his face fell as soon as the man was gone. Sherlock knew that face; brow furrowed, eyes cold, lips set in a firm line. He was in trouble, but that wasn’t going to stop him.
“I think I’m with her on this one, Sherlock,” John laughed. He stopped briefly on the pavement to check his phone that had just gone off with a text. “Hey, Mike just texted,” he said. “He wants to know if we want to go to Hudson’s to get some coffee before we all leave for the break. Greg and Molly will be there, too.”
Surprisingly, Sherlock opened the door slowly and cautiously made his way in. John closed his eyes again and was so busy mentally preparing himself for the barrage of questions sure to come out of Sherlock’s mouth that it barely even registered that the man was simply fixing a glass of water in the kitchen.
Without saying a word, Sherlock folded the flannel and placed it atop John’s thigh before reaching for the lotion.
“I’m old and broken, Sherlock.” John sighed. “And I can’t just spring back after things like this like you can.”
John felt a burst of warmth in his chest upon seeing Sherlock, but held back his grin as he turned to face Greg.
“I can when I got his card earlier today from our lovely cabbie friend and called him up,” Sherlock said.
John let out a breathless laugh. “Come on Sherlock seriously, you can’t deduce why I might not have wanted you to know?”
“It’s not, though,” John sighed, rubbing the back of his neck nervously. “I’m not taking care of myself. And I’m- I’m sorry I told you to leave. I wasn’t angry with you, necessarily, I was just—“
“I just- I feel, god, I can’t- Greg, I can’t—“ John stuttered. God, he couldn’t even form full sentences anymore, how on earth was he ever going to come out of this? His hands were shaking now, knees wobbling; he felt so pathetic.
Sherlock poked at the forming fire a bit. “Oh, please, you’re overjoyed to be here. If I had to see you aggressively drink tea one more time I’d have sent you on holiday myself.”
“Yes, and I would’ve been entirely capable of defending myself on my own. For god’s sake, John, I don’t need you to protect me!”
“Unfortunately, yes. Mycroft seems to think that everything I do somehow constitutes as his business.”
It took several unsettling attempts for John to properly flick the kettle on. He'd reached for it, only to find his grip had been just a tad off. He shook his head derisively, opened the cupboard and stood up on his tippy toes.
go get the book, and I’ll watch your things. Or do you reckon I’ll nick all your biros while you’re gone?”
. Anyway, then there’s the RAMC symbol; also too easy considering where you’ll be going next year. Hmm…a paw print for the dog you had as a child, some flowers for Harry, and your number on the rugby team you were on as a teenager?”
The next morning, Sherlock wasn’t entirely sure what to do. He had been almost certain he was going to be spending most of the day trying to get John to tell his whole story without panicking or forgetting bits. He didn’t quite expect to have all the answers by daybreak. With this in mind, he allowed himself to lie in bed for a while, and actually managed to get in a few hours of sleep.
He leaned his head back to rest on Sherock’s shoulder and let out a contented sigh the moment Sherlock’s fingers touched his hair. Sherlock ran his long fingers ever so slowly over John’s scalp, scratching lightly as he went. He started at the top of John’s head and worked his way down, giving him little scratches on the way back up and making pleasant chills trickle down John’s spine.
The lampposts and streetlights lit up the otherwise inky black sky as they walked down the pavement alongside the building, leaves crunching under their feet as they went.
Sherlock stopped as soon as he stepped into the other room. It was a small bedroom that was decaying happily along with the rest of the place. Lestrade stood next to a rotting bed frame, looking frantic and wide-eyed as he attempted to hold onto John, who appeared to have collapsed onto him.
? I’m not some adolescent girl pining after her Romeo from the balcony alright? And has it even occurred to your overinflated ego that I’m not staring at
Most days, he sat and practiced braille with Sherlock, or the two of them would go for walks and get takeaway. Some nights they’d just plop down on the sofa and John would listen to the telly while Sherlock did research, on his own laptop.
“You can get out of my bedroom,” John repeated, calmer, “and…and possibly bring up some paracetamol?”
Glad that Sherlock seemed to want him there for more than just book retrieval, John scooted his chair a little closer to him and leaned over to take a peek at his computer screen.
“Right. Then I suppose I should tell you that I…” Sherlock looked suddenly nervous, his bottom lip quivering with the unspoken words.
Their latest case, though, had finally ended the night before, and John was determined to get things back to the way they were. He took a deep breath and slowly slipped his hand around Sherlock’s waist, stopping to rub small circles on his navel.
John pinched the bridge of his nose and shook his head. “Look, you’re taking this the wrong way. I’m not saying I don’t want to do what we do anymore, all I’m saying is that in case you haven’t noticed, I’m not like you. I’m not all young and spry, leaping across rooftops with long limbs and perfect hair blowing in the wind.”
“I’m quite all right, Mrs. Hudson. I knew I’d be meeting John here this afternoon, so I thought I’d save my caffeine and sugar intake until then.”
“Please, come in,” John deadpanned. He closed the door and looked to the sofa where Sherlock had draped himself.
“You’ve turned it off,” Sherlock said, staring at it as if wondering why he had never thought to do that before.
“Why have you stopped updating your blog, John?” the detective asked in a tone rough with curiosity.
“I am, in more ways than you know and if it’s perfectly alright with you, I’d like to keep the few parts of me that still function properly for as long as I can.”
“You rushed towards an ongoing bar fight in order to help me, despite me being a complete stranger. You then helped me into the loo where you calmly and efficiently dealt with my bloody nose in the way one is actually meant to handle a bloody nose, as most people assume you’re meant to tip your head backwards when it’s in fact the opposite.
As gently as he could, Sherlock lowered himself and John to the floor and sat with the doctor propped up between his long legs. He wrapped his arms around John’s midsection as he shuffled around enough to make sure they were comfortable.
For a moment, John considered obeying, and kept his eyes closed, not wanting to open them to the new occasionally-blurred world he lived in. He was well aware that over the past week, the bouts of blurriness and occasional spots in his vision had been coming in at shorter intervals. They could have been caused by a number of things, but given his family history, he had a hunch as to what it was. Going to see a doctor would mean setting it in stone, and he wasn’t sure if he was ready to do that yet.
“C'mere, Hamish.” John patted his lap in invitation. “Come and sit with me for a minute, okay?” He gave Sherlock a subtle nod that said
“Good. We’ll stay back here for a little longer, though. I know it can take a while to feel normal again, so we’ll take our time.”
“Thank you,” John said. He took a deep breath and tucked himself back under the covers. “What’s the book for?”
(Parent!lock) John hurts his shoulder and attempts to hide how much pain he’s in, until Hamish notices that something is definitely not okay.
“Right, sorry.” John cleared his throat and awkwardly adjusted himself in his chair. “You’re right, though. I could honestly give a toss about having to wear glasses, but…”
“Don’t be an idiot, John,” Sherlock said with a soft smile. “Nothing about you could ever push me away.”
“I am still angry, in case you’re wondering,” John muttered with his eyes already closed and an arm draped over his head.
“Explain?” John asked, taking a bit of a longer glance at his friend as he attempted yet again to decipher the colour of his eyes.
“Of course it is,” John teased. “And I’ll just be over here in my tiny Mind Flat where there’s never enough room for everything.”
“I have no access to the lab now,” Sherlock complained. “I tried breaking in once, but they caught me and Dr. Stapleton threatened to drop me from the course.”
"Thought so," Sherlock said. "Here's what happened, Mycroft:  an angry relative or friend of one of the people Lady Howe had dispatched got his or her revenge and the PA was in on it – probably offered a small fortune to finish the job. Nazi gold, maybe," he said, and Mycroft could practically hear the smirk over the phone. "The poison wasn't working fast enough, maybe Lady Howe was trying to call her friend Moran for help – maybe he knew something, since he helped her with her procurements, but then the PA came in to make sure the job was done correctly, held her down and waited until she was dead to call you and divert suspicion. She's probably sipping cocktails in Belize right now. Nice bit of hiring there, brother dear."
A grin spread over John's face. "No. That's Sherlock's older brother Mycroft. I'm sorry, I should have introduced you." He couldn't bear to look at Nora's suddenly too-old face any longer. "I'll be back in just a bit, all right? You stay here and watch telly. Whatever you like." He fled and found Mycroft in the library. Mycroft had put his coat on and was examining his phone. "Mycroft."
Unbidden, his eyes fell on the scarf John had brought back. He'd flung it over the back of a kitchen chair the day John had stopped by and there it was a few days later, but he'd glanced at it every time he'd been in the kitchen. Looking at it had set off a funny little discordant peal of bells in his stomach, but that was…commonplace.
The best thing about the visit was that it was brief, as Trish had other appointments. She tip-tapped toward the front door in precariously high heels, holding Nora's hand. "Now you call before I go, we'll have tea. Nora, have you ever had tea at the Connaught? It's so fancy, you wouldn't believe it. They've got a harpist and all kinds of little sandwiches and cakes that look like a pile of itty-bitty sugary presents. Then we'll go shopping, you and me." She put her hands on Nora's shoulders, hardly needing to bend down to kiss her. "Give me a hug, you pretty, precious girl."
"Okay. Good. Yeah. Okay." John went into the loo and stripped with slippery, trembling fingers. He ran the water, then got in and showered, soaping up and washing, then sliding his fingers inside, trying to ignore his already hard cock. He turned the water temperature down, gasping as it got cold, and rinsed. Stepping out, he fished a towel out of the cupboard and stole a fresh toothbrush from a neat stack, dried off and brushed his teeth. When he went back into the bedroom, the towel wrapped round his waist, Sherlock was naked, the sheets and blankets flung aside. John paused and stared. "Christ."
Sherlock blinked. There were dozens of clips, some clips called 'vids,' a number of references to 'Johnlock' – good God, people were too lazy to type their names out? – and there, perfect. 'Sherlock – Episode 1 – A Study in Pink – Full Episode.'
"Fine. Good." John snatched the phone from Benedict's hand, switched off the speaker, and put the phone to his ear. "It's me. There had better be a bloody convincing explanation for this, Mycroft." He listened for almost a full minute, his eyes fixed on Benedict's face. "How?" As Mycroft continued to speak, his voice only audible as a soft hum, John's expression alchemised from fury into incredulity, then bafflement. "But I don't understand. Oh, that's hilarious. Ha, ha. Fucking hell, Mycroft." He pivoted and faced the window, away from Benedict, listening intently. After another minute he turned back, his countenance pale. He looked Benedict up and down. "Wait. Then…then where's Sherlock?" His mouth dropped open.
The cab rolled to a halt, and Sherlock swiped his account card and thanked the driver. He got out and joined John, who was staring up at the façade of Christies.
"Certainly. Certainly it did. I was practically creaming my pants when I found out. Now I've got a question for you. How long did you spend after that convinced you were right?"
"Well, I guess it doesn't matter now, but I was just making conversation. You still seem a little out of it." Moriarty rose to his full height and stepped back, his lips twisted into a strange smile.
"All right. See you later." She waved and turned, then walked away, the long skirt of her pale green dress switching prettily around her legs.
"Shut up. I'm going to re-position you and put the wire back, but I won't wrap it tightly. It's the illusion of restraint, do you understand?" Sherlock rolled Benedict over once more and began replacing the wire cuffs. "Don't let him see if you can help it. You
was her name – hadn’t she been the one who’d told every filthy detail of their sex life? Not that she’d read those rags. Well, just until the story had dropped out of the news cycle.
Sherlock listened to TWH's quick footfalls down the stairs and into…the kitchen, not the front hall, oddly enough, and then heard the door close. He threw the bedclothes back, dashed to the room at the front of the flat (an ordinary guest bedroom, to all appearances, sparsely furnished) and eased the curtain open a finger's length, watching as Tom emerged from a garden door and went round to the front. Sherlock rushed back to the bedroom, watched TWH push open a gate and do some stretches, then jog down the street.
"It's fine," John said, unsure if she'd heard. He'd only been filthy rich for a few weeks; he had no intention of turning into one of those snarly bastards who berated the help about every little inconvenience that fell across their path. Though it was amazing, he marvelled, how gently cushioned his life had become in such a short time.
He took the soiled dishes into the kitchen and washed them as Mary helped Nora get ready for bed, then headed into the bedroom. He had a full roster the next day – that was good. Staying busy was good. Excellent, in fact.
"Oh – thanks." He stuck his pen in his mouth and crouched low to tie his shoe. God, he was hungry; he actually felt light-headed. Fuck the broccoli rabe, he'd have a few chips and put in extra time at the pool over the weekend.
It wasn't just that Moriarty was waiting outside the loo – though that was a factor, obviously, and its own entirely different and worrisome and possibly highly poisonous kettle of fish. Benedict had never been excessively modest about his intellectual capacities, but he didn't have Sherlock-level mental gifts, and dealing with a brilliant psychopathic consulting criminal was slightly more than he was capable of even thinking about at the moment. What was more important was that John was right – he had a job to do, in a really weird way, and that John was counting on him.  Counting on Sherlock, but since Sherlock was in Benedict's London possibly fucking Benedict's boyfriend and ignoring threatening letters for fuck's sake –
That was just bizarre. And Mycroft's answer had been far from satisfying. Well, fuck it, it wasn't his problem. Surely Tom had to have realised something wasn't quite right about Sherlock. He couldn't have had sex with him. Something must have twigged.
Graham and Fiona exchanged a glance. Fiona looked mortified, but Graham sat back and spectated, an expression of intense satisfaction and curiosity on his overbred face.
He skidded to a stop and bestowed a grin upon Hamilton Hodell's lushly curvaceous receptionist, Lecia. "Yes, darling! Why are you here so late?"
Sherlock remembered what had got him back home and opened his hand, but the sphere had disappeared. "It's gone. Did I drop it?"
"Not soon enough," Sherlock retorted. "And what about Nick Dedalus? Don't you think attention will turn your way?"
He lay very still, trying to push past the pain in his head and torso and catalogue other points of distress. He was bound at wrist and ankle with rope and something cold and hard, and both his hands and feet were numb, but his arms hurt, too; after trying to move, he realised that his arms were tied to his upper body, pinning them tightly and ruling out the possibility of slipping his legs through the loop of his arms to get his hands in front. His legs were bound together at thigh and knee with what felt like tape. The gag was still in his mouth, sodden now, and the rope holding it in cut cruelly into his face. He'd lain on his side whilst unconscious, probably the only reason he hadn't aspirated the cloth. It felt as if it had expanded instead of compressing with dampness, and his jaw throbbed from the unnatural pressure. He tried to push at the cloth with his tongue, but it was far too big to dislodge. And finally, and perhaps most ominously, he felt rough twine wrapped around his neck. When he attempted to move, the twine tightened as if it had been attached to the wall or some heavy furniture. Afraid he'd choke, he decided to stay motionless, breathing harshly through his nose.
The police officer was visibly annoyed. "There doesn't seem to be any foul play in evidence here. You can't just terminate a 999 call like that, Dr. Watson. Besides being cause for alarm and a clear sign of danger, it's a waste of resources. We're obliged to respond to hang-up calls, and that's time that could have been spent on actual emergencies." He gave both Benedict and John a look of withering scorn.
“Spare me,” Miranda said. She began to chop vegetables, her back to Greg. She’d got thinner, Greg noticed – probably Muscles had been nagging at her. “I just wish you wouldn’t undermine me all the time. They think I’m an ogre and you’re the cool parent.”
Mycroft kept his topcoat on. "I'm going out of town for a few weeks. Dubrovnik, Kiev, Moscow. I hope you'll have some answers for me when I return."
As always, bushels of humble thanks to kimberlite and vilestrumpet for being the best beta/britpick team in the universe. xoxoxo
He'd been lucky. The people Benedict had trusted with his affections had loved him with whole hearts; they'd never wanted pieces of him – not his pedigree or his money, such as it was; not his growing fame or his looks, once they'd emerged; not his body or his thirst for living as complete a life as he could. But from the show (and it didn't matter who was living out whose dream; the distinctions were so fine as to be pointless) it seemed clear that Sherlock and John needed each other.
"Probably not. They're practically antiquities now, aren't they? Hardly any left in the UK or Ireland, certainly. Dotty elderly ladies who never made the transition to mobiles, mostly. Or holdovers like my brother, still attached to the past in one way or another. Oh, he's embraced technology to an extent, but he doesn't much care for it, honestly. I think he'd prefer the telegraph or carrier pigeons." The sirens grew louder. "So he's got a landline. And then there's your mum. She never got rid of hers, and you never bothered to disconnect the line. Not that you ever made any calls on it – the buttons were stiff, hadn't been used in years. But you paid the bill along with all the other bills here. This place is a graveyard for all sorts of corpses, isn't it? Those soldiers under the cellar floor. The evidence of your first kill – you kept the shoes here, and probably a few other trophies until your mum caught on to what was happening in that head of yours. This furniture, still smells like Jardins de Bagatelle, you couldn’t bear to get rid of it. There's a school photo of you on the fridge. And then there's the outdated technology – stereo, boxy telly…landline. Sentiment gets the best of all of us from time to time." Sherlock smiled shakily. Sweat stood out on his brow. "It's over."
As he looked over the table, and once more examined the ceiling, he became aware of a noise – commonplace, but one not heard on the closed set.
Some pinch-faced man holding up one lecturing finger. Same pinch-faced man with a bulky older fellow, a black-and-white film….
"John. Johnny." Moriarty was pointing the gun at him. "Look at Sherlock. He'd do anything for you, wouldn't you, Sherlock?"
"No," said a deeper, more sonorous voice, and Sherlock stepped into view, wrapped in a striped sheet knotted at his waist and holding an enormous handgun with a trembling arm. "You put the gun down.
"Work your magic," Tom murmured, and climbed on the bed. He stretched out his arms and legs, watching Sherlock expectantly.
"Gerhard died in 1961, and Roderika died in 1972. Kerstin moved to Ireland in 1973, and has been living in the same flat ever since. Right there." Sherlock pointed at a sagging brick building and cut the engine. "We'll just have a quick word before we go to the hotel. I suspect she's not going to have a lot to tell us – she's almost eighty and apparently isn't in possession of many of her faculties, but she
"'These Foolish Things,'" Fann said. "Thought so. Don't apologise. I like when you're happy, even if your voice isn't a patch on Billie's."
"Yeah. Let's eat and I'll show it to you. Or maybe we should wait. It turned my stomach, I don't mind telling you."
"Oh, you up, pal? Your friend Ben just texted you. What an utter cock he was. You're well rid of him, I'd say."
“My fault,” Molly said softly, but the knot inside her tightened.  Paul, her supervisor, had called her a superhero a few weeks ago after a difficult and complicated autopsy process. Good old Molly, everyone’s chum, always reliable, guaranteed availability for problem-solving. Superhero indeed. If she was a superhero, her power was invisibility.
"Just what you said," Sherlock replied. "My friend's wife." Mycroft said nothing, but stared acutely at Sherlock, his hands folded neatly, complacently in his lap. Sherlock stared back. Lovely – they could go on like this for hours and often had, many years ago. Sherlock had never won, though, his natural impatience with speech always overcoming his desire to best his brother. This time he'd wait until sunrise if need be. Mycroft would have to show his hand.
Mary snapped off the radio and negotiated her rental car onto the exit ramp, blinking hard. She hadn't slept on the flight and her attempt at a nap in the bland but perfectly adequate room in the Four Seasons had been an utter failure. Gritting her teeth, she squinted at the flat, snowy landscape and counted the days.
"You said you didn't want to know details." Seb reached out and caressed Stephen's hair. "It's a long game, Steenie darlin', and it's going entirely to plan. That's all you need, isn't it?"
John hesitated. "Erm…not unless you want me to. I told Mary not to expect me until tomorrow. Or later today, I guess."
"Nice," John snorted, unable to prevent a hot blush from rising up his neck to his face, and looked at Sherlock for a quick snotty reply, but none seemed forthcoming. In fact, Sherlock had stalked to the sofa and flung himself down and was nervously and repeatedly rubbing the length of his thigh, a gesture John had never seen before. "How long will we be here?"
"Inside," Mary said curtly, and gestured at the door. He ushered her into the living room and switched on a light. "Sit down," she said, and pointed to a chair.
Moriarty smiled gently. "Dedalus is hardly my only source of funds. Even the art thing was just a little sideline. Trust me, I won't be skint. It's nice of you to be concerned, though."
"Fifteen." Benedict skirted a stack of sandbags and nodded to a pair of grips. "'Night, guys. Thanks."
"Yes," Sherlock said softly. He frowned and straightened his spine. "You're all right? You and John?"
that's your browser history, but I could be wrong, I guess. 'Loli-town' – hmm. Here's a site called 'The Lonely Doll.' Do you collect toys?" He glanced at the screen. "Ooh, this one takes three levels of security. It's called 'World's Cutest Babies' though, so I guess it's pretty innocuous. Oh, and – hey, this isn't on your browser history, but it
"Well, whatever the case," John said uneasily, still remorseful and guilty enough to not want to rehash that night, "I'm nervous, that's all. Mary's not the only one I've got to explain things to, and it's…I'm having trouble working it out in my head."
Benedict jumped and gave a little yelp. He spun on his heel and gaped at Martin, carrying a doctor's bag and fixing him with a stern glare.
"Oh, God," Benedict sobbed. "Please don't. Please." Thrashing fruitlessly against his bonds as Mycroft moved behind him, he tried to shrink away and shouted at the top of his lungs. "Help! Someone please help me!
Everyone touched glasses, and Sherlock numbly followed suit. He drank his wine off in a gulp and poured more.
Sherlock couldn't quite meet that gaze. He looked down at the book, thumbing through it again. "So then what?"
"What happened. I – look, we can talk about it, or not, it's up to – oh, Christ, you don't know how happy I am to see you. Henry's – he's fucking insane, Ben. He killed a girl the other day, or maybe a week ago, I don't know, and he killed my mate Katie at RADA – God knows how many people he's got stashed out in the garden. We've got to get out of here."
Cumberbatch took a step forward, his fists clenched. "At least I don't treat my flatmate like dirt."
"I'm calling organisers. This is ridiculous. Will you come upstairs with me?" He increased the pressure on John's hand incrementally.
He nodded and managed a slight smile, though it cost him the last of his strength and grace. "Of course. I understand completely."
Beside Nora on the bed, her phone pinged with a text. John lunged for it and snatched it up. Unknown caller. He stuffed it in his pocket. "Now, darling." He kept his voice calm, though he followed the path of her eyes and saw them trained on his left hand – flexing, twitching. Shit. "Come on. Where's your overnight case?"
They didn't speak in the lift, or in the corridors heading back toward the street. They collected their IDs from the guard and went back outdoors. The sky had turned darker, and rain threatened.
"Every covert photograph you've taken of unsuspecting clients, people who trusted you with their greatest vulnerabilities." Sherlock wouldn't have said that; Irene had intrigued him, as he'd intrigued her. But Irene didn't intrigue Benedict. She was a few steps up from the sort of people who let tabloids pay them for tidbits of information, but not by much, when one came down to it. "Every scrap of information you gleaned from some fool in a post-coital haze, every document you stole from a phone when somebody's back was turned." Benedict held the phone up, well out of her reach, though she wasn't moving. "And emails from MOD officials stupid enough to trust you. I don't necessarily consider myself a patriot, but even on a sliding scale of morality, it's pretty reprehensible, wouldn't you say?"
Violet stood, stiff and unmoving, the very picture of icy dignity, as the guards dissected the little mince pies with the attention of a surgeon excising a spinal tumour. One of them had already examined the books she and Siger had brought, the little gifts of clothes and lotions and pretty soaps, and then it was on to the food. Torn apart, X-rayed, scanned for explosive substances. And after they’d left, the gifts would be taken away and doled out sparingly. The injustice of it seared her soul, but there was nothing to be done about it.
"Ye-es," Sherlock intoned. "He's probably involved in some way, but he's half round the twist. He's a bundle of sticks in an expensive suit and he's close to a mental breakdown. If you're going to arrest him, do it before he snaps altogether and gets off on a defence of insanity or automatism."
Eurus’ fixed gaze never wavered. She blinked again, a slow, unthinking reflex. Her skin was nearly as white as the cotton pyjamas, and her luxurious chestnut hair tumbled over her shoulders. She really was such a lovely girl. Some proper clothes and a bit of makeup – what a stunner she’d be.
Sudden anger bloomed in Benedict's heart. Of course that was why. God, what an idiot he'd been not to see it. He met Irene's gaze, but it was difficult. He wanted to avert his eyes from the avarice and ruthlessness in them. Maybe it was wrong; surely Sherlock had his own problems, but Benedict adored Sherlock. Unfair, yes, perhaps. But….
John was jolted back into reality. He'd hardly given Mary's inheritance a second thought while he was with Sherlock, except for that hesitation about telling him. Why he'd hesitated anyhow….
Nonplussed, Sherlock went to the desk, spotting John in conversation with another nurse. She smiled at John and leant forward in a confidential manner. "You're where?"
Benedict thought of Tom again:  his ineffable sweetness, his open heart, his reluctance to tell his family and the world the whole truth, his quailing at the possibility of discovery. "John, I've got no right to say this to you, because I…I'm just an actor. I don't really know you, I can't see inside your heart. But you can't be afraid. You can't wall your heart up like that. If you really do love Sherlock – if you can be your truest self with him – then you've got to be brave, and vulnerable."
Benedict sighed loudly. Difficult as it was to trust Mycroft, he hadn't many other options. He'd promised to help John; Benedict only hoped that he was as good as his word. Surely getting Sherlock back was in everybody's best interest.
Sherlock stilled. A cold little ripple of disquiet shuddered its way through him. "What's that supposed to mean?"
Gingerly, Sherlock touched the goose egg on his forehead, partially covered by his hair. "And in two places, no less."
Henry jammed the wet cloth over Tom's mouth and nose, pushing him back into the chair and pinning his wrists against his chest. "Just hang on a minute, pal. Won't be long."
"Why do they have to be having sex? Can't two people be friends without having sex? Your a bunch of perverts."
"Don't do it again." John put a finger beneath Sherlock's chin and lifted it, then mimicked Sherlock's earlier gesture, moving his thumb over Sherlock's mouth. His eyes were swimming with tears. "Don't you ever, ever do that to me again."
Comforting sort of room, Sherlock mused, but lacking the personal touch except for a few framed photos on the shelves. No photos of girlfriend in evidence. Shelves dusted, so no incriminating marks, but – an irregularity here and there, a lack of symmetry in the placement of the photos. One missing there, one there, one there. On the furthest shelf, a photo of Cumberbatch in Great War costume – the moustache, like most moustaches, was terrifying – smiling at TWH in similar costume. Standing close to each other, but not too close, nothing conspicuous.
Mark poured a generous amount into Sherlock's glass. "Well, the latest and greatest news, if you're interested. We resume filming on Wednesday. The break makes things a bit tight, but obviously we've built some time in on the front end for emergencies, and we've got to make absolutely certain that everything's up to safety codes. It's a first for us," he said, addressing Tom. "We've never had to fill out accident-incident reports, and Sue was wild about it. Steven – well, he had his moment of rage and then calmed down. You know how that is. The
"Right. 'Night, then." John turned and went upstairs to his room. He undressed and got into bed. Exhausted, he nonetheless played the events of the evening over in his head, wondering what Sherlock would have thought of everything. Probably his most dominant emotion would have been disappointment at the loss of his nemesis.
Benedict clenched his teeth and glared, but despair chewed at his gut. For a moment he was – irrationally, he knew – angry at Steven and Mark, who'd agreed on a glib, facile, saved-by-the-bell solution to the pool dilemma when they should have cobbled together a resolution that required strategic or at least intelligent tactical thinking. What the hell was he supposed to do to get them out of this? It wasn't as if Irene Adler would be calling and interrupting things – Benedict had put paid to that nicely.
"Well, that day –" John stopped and cleared his throat. His face flooded with colour. "A lot of times, especially round Christmas, the club bar and restaurant has dos – a lot of corporate functions, private parties, that sort of thing. And if it was a race meeting day, it might have been a membership-only bash. Lots of posh types abound then."
Sherlock leant forward and sniffed Lady Howe's partially open mouth. Vomit, traces of Lancôme lipstick. Lower down, Annick Goutal perfume -
"Yeah, use the one in our bedroom – Nora's probably in the one at the top of the stairs," John said. "End of the hall, the light's on the right, loo's on the left."
Mary set the bowl in the sink. "Actually, this should be ready in twenty minutes, so clear your things up and wash your hands. You can watch television until it's done. John, could you set the table?"
He’d scoff if she said a word, but Martha knew what Sherlock needed. And it wasn’t a tiny rip in a murderer’s sleeve or seventy types of tobacco ash (honestly, who smoked in this day and age? Martha got her soothers from Marie’s nephew Dylan, a tie salesman at Huntsman’s, a perfectly respectable young man. So much better than inhaling all that smoke and ponging all day). It was simple human companionship, pure and simple. And one human in particular.
"Oh, pity. I thought you were going to treat me to another dose of Halothane. I don't know you well, of course, but I'm fairly certain that unconsciousness is preferable to –"
"I've got to interrupt this for a bit," Henry said, and retrieved the rope that had bound Tom's mouth. "Don't go anywhere – ha, ha. I've got lots more planned." He shoved the wet towel deeper into Tom's mouth and tied the rope around his head again. Tom moaned pitifully. "Oh, belt up, for Christ's sake. That was what – fifteen seconds? We haven't even got started yet." He got to his feet. "You're in my house, in case you hadn't twigged, and the staff's on holiday. Nice surprise for them. You remember the layout here, don't you? Quite a ways to the next house – even the cottages are a fair distance. So don't bother screaming – nobody's going to hear you. Of course, if you're keen to try, be my guest. I'll be back within an hour." He waved cheerfully and left the room.
"Oh, I've never been more certain." Benedict smiled as the door clicked, and an attractive, immaculately dressed and shod woman appeared in the doorway.
John took it and secured the bandage. "There should be just enough room to tuck a finger beneath the bandage. Okay, stand up."
Benedict tried the soup; it was delicious. "Surely you've got better things to do. Haven't you had anyone assassinated lately?"
. He didn't press too close at first, afraid to spook Sherlock, but Sherlock's kissing was so thorough, so expert, that John decided to take the plunge. He moved forward and let his steadily hardening cock brush against Sherlock's trouser front. Triumph seized him.
"People actually like confessing secrets. Why do you think the Catholic Church has been in business so long?"
He suspected that night had come and gone, but he couldn't be certain; the only certainty in his existence at the moment was pain. His body felt swollen and feverish; he swore he felt each stripe on his skin, and there must have been more than a hundred. His rotator cuffs were strained past endurance, his hands numb and half-frozen. His face and jaw hurt enough to wring tears from his eyes. His genitals throbbed in time with his heartbeat, and he half-remembered his bladder letting go when Moran had beaten his balls. Moran had, in fact, beaten him everywhere except the soles of his feet, and had far more finesse than his blunt, brutish Serbian torturers. He'd kept it up for hours, seemingly tireless, impervious to Sherlock's muffled pleas and screams.
The woman shook her head sadly. "Don't worry, we'll get you looked after." She stood and made a broad sweeping gesture. "Clear away, please! Give him some air." Sherlock tried to sit up, but she knelt and pushed him back down gently. "No, love. Don't move."
"Yes." Molly got to her feet. "Sherlock, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have let it get so…it's my fault. Sorry."
"Oh – drat!" Sherlock turned and stuffed his hands into his pockets. "I'm labouring under a misimpression, I think. Johann and I have come today from the Berlin office to speak to him." He'd assumed a very faint and not unbelievable Teutonic accent.
John nodded. "Yeah, I know. Mycroft's working on the problem, at least. Maybe he can put in a call to Stephen Hawking or something."
"That's really interesting," Sherlock lied blandly. "It's not Lord Moran after all, is it? No, he's got enough clout to pull someone local to do the job if he wanted to threaten me. You actually are a sheep farmer, aren't you? Dirt under your nails, sheep dung on your shoes – and on your clothes, too, not sure if you knew that or not. But this was important enough, or well-paying enough for you to drop the lambing or shearing or whatever to go to Derry and then follow me to London. Clearly you're accustomed to handling high-powered weaponry although that ruined eye doesn't say much for your common sense. So – former soldier or hired gunman. Low on funds judging from the state of your boots, so obviously you were eager enough to accept this assignment. But who would hire someone like you, I wonder?"
On the front was a willow tree with lilies at its base. A black bird sat on one of the low branches. She opened it and sucked in her breath.
He came, shuddering and gasping into Tom's mouth, a thick, milky rope of semen jetting from his stiff prick. Tom detached himself and moved down, licking Sherlock clean, making Sherlock shiver as he delicately swirled his tongue over the tip of Sherlock's prick.
"Ah. Nice." Moriarty sounded admiring. "I'll bet he's delighted to be babysitting. What if both of you die? Does he get to keep her?"
What a lot of excuses. But here was John Watson with, for just one single flash of a moment, his heart in his eyes. God, how well Martin played that, but the real thing was even more dazzling. Unaccountably, Benedict felt depressed. He wondered if Sherlock saw those flashes. If he did, he probably had no idea how to respond to them. Suppressing a sigh, he speared a piece of chicken and chewed. It was delicious; small wonder Sherlock liked this place when he did decide to eat. Across from him, John was eating rapidly, his face a bit pink, his eyes downcast.
John's hands settled themselves ever so lightly on Sherlock's chest. "Lie down. She's out of surgery."
Sherlock followed him out; he was halfway up the staircase. "Mycroft. Mycroft! I'm going to Ireland tomorrow. I don't need your permission to do it." Mycroft stopped for a moment. Sherlock swore he saw calculation in the set of his brother's shoulders, then resignation. "A week. That's all I need."
The stairwell door burst open, and black-clad figures toting weapons streamed through. Above them, the 'copter hovered, its blades whirling, its spotlight blinding in its brilliance.
"It's sort of a mess," John said, flipping through hanging folders full of correspondence. "I mean, there's a system – it's filed according to date, looks like, but it's a bunch of business and personal and all sorts of stuff. Here's a reminder card from his dentist dated December 1997."
Martin stared in silence for a moment. "Right. I'm calling an ambulance. Please sit down, for God's sake." He pulled his phone from his pocket.
"St Nick," Sherlock murmured, and put the card aside. He went through more items – invitations to Christmas and New Year’s parties (there was the Dedalus racecourse do invitation – Sherlock put that aside as well), dry-cleaning receipts, letters from his solicitor regarding his protest against a neighbour, evidently a famous movie actor who wanted to build a greenhouse atop his roof and spoil the views, theatre and ballet tickets, bread-and-butter letters thanking him for a dinner, utility bills, cancelled cheques…. There was a letter from Christie's, confirming his fee for the facilitation of a painting sale:  Lovis Corinth,
"North Korea, Holmes? A bloody bomb in Parliament? For Christ's sweet sake, if you were any sort of detective you'd have researched my family, my heritage. You'd know damned well that I'd never…I couldn't –" He broke off, gasping, and fumbled a tiny bottle out of his waistcoat pocket, extracting a pill and dry-swallowing. His face twisted, and he gasped for breath again.
Eventually he did the only thing he could think to do:  he got out of his chair and moved close to John, resting a hand on his back. John turned and grasped Sherlock round the waist, burying his face in the scant flesh of Sherlock's hip. Sherlock stroked John's hair and shoulders. "I wish I could have done more, John."
Benedict's stomach clenched. He gazed flatly at Irene. "Let's make this as painless as possible, shall we?"
"It won't matter, of course," Moriarty went on. "We'll get to her one way or another. After all, Mycroft appointed Georgina as Meredith's PA. For protection. And he never knew."
"You've been very cloak-and-dagger about all this, Mycroft, but frankly I can't see much motivation. Was she a friend of yours? Girlfriend, maybe?" Sherlock teased.
The breath left John's body in a rush. He actually felt his mouth drop open. He exhaled sharply. "Five," he gasped.
"And why is there a delay?" Sherlock glanced round the house at what appeared to be the detritus of a well-attended Christmas bash. "Good God, is this why you're dressed up? You actually went to a Christmas do?"
"So just the cottages," Sherlock interrupted. He could, when he chose, be polite to the point of paralysis, but time was short.
"Sorry, sorry, sorry!" Molly came flying down the hall, burdened with a rolling case and two carrier bags. "Took forever to find all my stuff, and then they had to clear me upstairs. A very suspicious lot." She looked around. "Never been here before."
"A rather large-scale game, little brother. Roughly twenty-five years of relative peace disrupted in a matter of weeks."
It was lovely to simply sit and watch and listen, no-one to disturb him, nothing that was so urgent as to require his presence at the Ziggurat. This Christmas was no more or less memorable than many other Christmases in Mycroft’s ceaselessly busy existence. His parents were safely at arm’s length, Sherlock was, as ever, failing to maintain regular communication, and all was well at Sherrinford. As was his custom, he’d politely declined the invitation to the yearly Christmas party at Thames House – though, he noted, the invitation had been very late in arriving, almost last-minute. It was silly to be vexed, and yet. Never mind – altogether it was a very pleasant time of year, this peace and quiet. Lovely, really.
Greg listened to the elated squawks coming from the front room. “It’s just zombies. It’s not like they’re babies and kittens. Besides, she likes it.” And Greg had been thrilled at Scarlett’s shriek of delight and impetuous hug when she’d opened the game. It was nice to hit a gift on the nose now and then. It didn’t hurt that Finn had nudged him in the right direction, but still.
He felt inside the breast pocket of his coat and discovered the familiar presence of his magnifying glass. He'd do his best, but Christ, what a mess this all was.
didn't do it. Told you, I don't get my hands dirty. I ordered it done. That said, I wouldn't have minded watching. She had those big baby blues – I'd have liked to see them buuulge as she was fighting for her last breath." He widened his eyes and made a show of clawing at his throat with his hands. "Aaack!"
The cloth settled softly over Sherlock's face. Christ. He thrashed, trying to wrench his head free from the punishing grip on his hair, but Two – callused hands, ground-in odour of thermite – grasped him beneath the chin and pushed his head further back, forcing it against the hard wood of the chair.
"Nothing. Nothing that matters." Irene sighed. "It's a pity, though. We could have been brilliant together, the pair of us." She turned back to Kate. "Take care of the house. And wait for my call." She slid a hand up Kate's thigh until she reached an encumbrance of leather and steel. "Don't you dare take it off, darling. If you do…if you are that naughty…I
He rang off and let the phone rest in his lap as he watched the comings and goings of the radiology staff and patients. It was relatively quiet; the desk clerk chatted with a lab tech, occasionally gesturing at the telly, where a rugby match played with the sound off, and an old man on a gurney lay partially concealed by a curtain, presumably waiting for a procedure. No excitement, no drama. Sherlock was probably bored out of his skull having to lie still for twenty minutes. Techs usually offered music to patients, but if a patient chose anything but metal, they had a hard time hearing it over the unbalanced washing machine thudding of the MRI scanner.
Sherlock almost laughed. How on earth would John react to that jittery, chain-smoking bundle of nerves? They were nothing alike at
"Mm," Sherlock replied, climbing out of the car. He forced himself to return Tom's wave, and watched as the car drove down the road, taillights winking in the darkness.
"So he says." Benedict opened his tightly closed hand, and the little golden spheres beamed brilliantly anew. "I get one of these, you get one, and we maintain physical contact." Sherlock scowled. "We don't have to do anything but shake hands, Mycroft said."
"Of course she does, John," Sherlock replied crisply. "Children aren't crowded with adult concerns – their powers of observation and perception are far greater than most people would prefer to believe."
John smothered a chuckle. "Erm…well, they'll probably bury her ashes, or put them in an urn. That's a kind of covered jar. And I don't think she specifically asked to be buried at sea, though she might have done. But they'd have to go a long way to do it, because St. Louis is in the middle of the United States, more or less. It's at least a thousand miles to the ocean in either direction." He hugged her shoulders.
"On what, a haddock?" John set the groceries on the floor and shelved his hand under his nose to filter out the worst of the stink. "What the hell is that?"
"Fine." Sherlock sighed and pocketed his phone. "Thank you again for coming with me." He peered closely at John. "You look tired."
"I'm not big on faith," Moriarty said. Sweat stood out on his brow. "I'm a lit-tle bit of a Doubting Thomas. So I'm going to put my finger in your wounds, if that's okay with you. Actually, I'm going to do it even if it's not okay with you."
"You're the one to be congratulated, Mr Moriarty," Mycroft said. "You hid in plain sight for years, and constructed a communications empire whilst doing a remarkable job of persuading those who knew your other identity to keep it secret. In short, you embarrassed me profoundly."
The number wasn't significant to Benedict. His own phone didn't have a passcode; he was too impatient to wait, even though his publicist and Em and Tom had all urged him to install one just in case he mislaid his phone. He wasn't in the habit of losing stuff, though, and –
"Listen to me. First off, you're not going to be much good to me if you're collapsed on the ground. Recurring syncope is nothing to fool with, and the periods of unconsciousness seem to be getting longer. I don't know what's wrong with you, but we're going to find out. You're getting an EEG and an EKG and I think probably an MRI's in order – you had a CT scan the other day, right?"
As he worked, he pondered his situation. Temporal or spatial anomaly, Sherlock had said confidently. Was that possible? Benedict cast back to the narration he'd done for Dr. Hawking's series and recalled Hawking's hypotheses of the possibility of time travel through a wormhole, but it would require an enormous disturbance of matter, and surely – even accounting for a multiverse, oh God, he sounded like slapdash science fiction – even accounting for a multiverse, the minor voltage emanating from an electrical outlet couldn't produce enough energy to warp a space-time string into a wormhole.
Sherlock was already waiting when John arrived at the address Sherlock had texted him, a massive and intimidating pile of grey stone. "Ah, John, there you are."
"God, which time? There must be dozens." John slid to the floor and rested his hands on his upraised knees. "Right, there was this time in Kandahar, my first month, and the supply trucks were held up outside of…Rambasi, I think, some town near the Tarnak River. An administrative glitch, if you can believe that. So the base got hit out of nowhere, the power went out, the emergency generators were fucking destroyed, everyone was scrambling, and there I was trying to put a kid's intestines back into his body with two meds holding a couple of torches overhead. We were all deaf as fucking posts from the discharge, the injuries were stacking up, every few minutes we'd take another hit and stuff would go flying and crashing to the floor. Everywhere there were screams, people I couldn't help right away. I didn't think it would be a garden party, but it was a hell of an introduction. I was elbow-deep in the poor kid's belly, and all I wanted to do was dig a hole and hide."
Sherlock watched until John was out of sight and even then kept watching, straining for a glimpse of the back of his head, a flash of a familiar gesture. But no – he'd been swallowed irretrievably by the crowd, lost in the sea of horse-enthusiastic humanity.
"What? 'Oh, hey, Tom, by the way, let's not have sex, okay? I'm feeling under the weather because I'm not really Benedict Cumberbatch.' That would have gone over well."
How to manage it? He could steal in, filch a set of scrubs or simply an ID tag and talk his way in, but if someone walked into the lab and demanded an explanation, there might be trouble, and he didn't want to be interrupted. Stalkers who actually went through with abducting their targets – remarkably few in number – usually didn't wait long before carrying out their threats, and the particulars of the letter had been dwelt upon in loving detail. He'd have to act quickly, or TWH would find himself lacking in certain aspects of anatomy that were considered crucial for a male cinematic heartthrob. There had to be some way….
"No problem." He went to replace the lid and noticed something crushed at the bottom of the box. Frowning, he pulled it out. "The hell…?" He recognised it all at once, and couldn't quite get his breath to say anything else.
Benedict blocked John's trajectory to his bedroom. Taking a chance, he reached out and grasped John's upper arms. "Listen to me.
"I've contacted Deputy Commissioner Lestrade and let him know you were on the case, but even he has his limits. There's only a small window of plausibility before the question of delay arises."
John mustered a chuckle. "Thanks." He frowned at Sherlock suddenly. "Hey, where's your umbrella? You're going to catch your – you're going to get chilled. How are you feeling, anyhow?"
He didn't know, though, exactly how Sherlock felt about John, even if he suspected that John had managed to thaw that icy carapace. What could he say that wouldn't ruin everything? He thought a bit and then decided there was no point in stabbing John bit by bit when he'd already stabbed him once. No point and nowhere to go but forward, now that he'd fucked things up.
"I shouldn't think so," Tom replied, lifting a brow. "What about…." He laughed and raised his glass. "Truth is stranger than fiction."
"How nice." Sherlock sauntered toward the door. "If it's that ginger waiter with the snake tattoo on his upper arm, you should probably hold off – incipient signs of HHV-1 on his upper lip. 'Bye now."
He opened it, wincing at the feel of ink beneath his fingers. A pity one couldn't ask the help to iron the pages any longer – that was, evidently, a bridge too far, but as long as newspapers were printed with ink, one ran the risk of stained fingertips. And he disliked wearing gloves to read. He settled into the financial section, forking up a generous helping of egg white.
He hoped he wouldn't still be stuck in this place by Saturday (what day was it, anyhow?) but with a bit of cleverness he could put TWH off long enough to glean at least some detail.
"Ooh." Tom sat up, flexing his arms and drawing his knees up. He smiled at Sherlock, then frowned, then looked almost comically concerned. "Love, did you –"
Sherlock's post-case fatigue usually resulted in lots of sleep. John always tutted, but it didn't seem to have any long-term ill effects, and so Sherlock saw no reason not to yield to the urge even if the case was a minor one, as yesterday's had been. "Don't suppose you could manage a cup of tea."
While it wasn't true that lightning never struck the same place twice, it wasn't likely that he'd be able to duplicate the exact conditions under which he'd received the shock, if it was indeed the shock that had prompted it. Did he really want to try to electrocute himself again? Even under controlled conditions, there wasn't any certainty of success, and wouldn't Cumberbatch have to do the same thing at the same exact moment? God knew that wasn't reliable. Probably at this very second, Benedict Cumberbatch was running the length and breadth of London, smoking compulsively and destroying Sherlock's reputation.
John clucked in sympathy. "I know, arrested sleep doesn't half take it out of you. I'd have thought you'd be used to it by now, though, given your usual sleep patterns."
"Ah – good thinking, John. Brother-in-law, perhaps? Certainly anyone familiar enough to call Lord Moran 'Steenie' has some degree of intimacy with him. We'll look into it."
John wasn't sure if that was a refusal of the tea or Sherlock's assertion that he wouldn't throw up. "I'll get the bin." He fetched the little plastic-lined bin from the loo and set it next to the bed. "Okay. Drink a bit for me, okay? Keep that towel on." John picked up the cup and held it to Sherlock's mouth. "Small sips." Obediently, Sherlock sipped. "Good. Very good."
"Chance would be a fine thing," Sherlock grumbled, sliding his arms out of the coat. "She didn't expect to live long."
Sherlock tilted his head to one side and tugged futilely at the plastic tethering his wrists. "How do you know that?"
John let out a bark of laughter and got to his feet. "Right, I'll catch you if you pass out from fear." He followed Sherlock into the treatment room, noting that he was limping badly. Sherlock introduced him to Dr Roche and he shook her hand. "Hope it's all right if I stay."
Freeman looked at Sherlock's phone. "Is that – are you looking at pictures of yourself, you vain fucking numpty?"
"When did you start managing my daily schedule?" Benedict snapped. No need to act – Mycroft's lack of concern for Sherlock's safety was pretty obnoxious.
He stood transfixed, listening, watching, until Benedict half-turned and caught sight of him. The music came to an abrupt halt.
"Wait. Wait. I've got to piss. I'm bursting." TWH sniffled, and wiped his cheek against his shoulder.
Tom stopped rubbing Sherlock's feet. "What?" He shook his head, his mouth agape so that only some of his dozens of teeth showed. "What the hell happened?"
“Sort of?” Janine said. “He’s not my type, really. I’m more of a Daniel Craig sort of girl. But he’s bloody interesting and smart and I reckon I was dazzled for a month or so. Wish he’d let me keep the ring, but what can you do?”
And it wasn't explanations he'd wanted, nor apologies, but he wasn't sure what it was he actually did want. Time, certainly, and a bit of distance, so that he could process everything. No arguments about the question of Nora's custody until Mary could prove beyond a reasonable doubt that she'd given up the assassin's game. Of the two people he'd loved before Nora, both had betrayed his trust, but only one had restored that trust, even when John had refused to understand it completely. Perhaps in time Mary would do the same. It was too much to hope for right now, but he had to hope for it. She was the mother of his child; they had to sustain some sort of relationship.
Mycroft offered Lady Howe a frosty smile of his own. "Three minutes of your time only. I'm afraid it can't wait."
The doorbell shrilled, and Sherlock glanced at the clock. Three hours? He'd lost three hours to this rubbish?
He got up, stiff from sitting in one position for so long, and went to the door, affecting a face full of anguish in case it was somebody TWH had phoned. But no, it was Tom, wearing jeans and a t-shirt, looking suspicious. Sherlock let the mask drop.
A faint scraping noise sounded to Sherlock's left, and he jumped. Moriarty giggled. Sherlock gritted his teeth and forced himself to hold perfectly still.
Benedict went to the fridge and looked inside, then belatedly remembered the body parts. He shut the door hastily. "I did need the rest, honestly. Thanks for that." He found the Cadbury biscuits from the other day and took them to the table. "I thought you'd be at work," he said after demolishing a biscuit in two bites.
"Naturally not. Solve the case, Sherlock; the rest is none of your bloody business." Sherlock turned on his heel and began making his way through the stones, his shoes crunching on the frozen grass.
"If you're quite finished?" Mycroft replied frostily. "No, John, they did not apprehend whoever was in the house with you. As you two were fleeing the house with a wrapped parcel, my team made a quick assessment and decided to concentrate on you." He coughed and flushed. "Obviously, they made a miscalculation. Unfortunate."
As John returned the kiss, relief suffused him, and pleasure, and love. He didn't need anything else. He had all he wanted and needed.
Heart hammering in his chest, John stood still, letting Mary and Nora's voices wash over him, trying to establish himself in reality again.
"Jesus Christ. Why do I –" John threw his hands up. "Do you honestly think I don't know what's right for my daughter?"
A tear slid down Sherlock's nose and he drooled helplessly, though he'd have thought that there wasn't a drop of moisture in his parched body.
There was a sharp smell of vomit and a fainter odour of faeces in the air. Sherlock sniffed and glanced into the toilet. "Did you flush?"
"Irene Adler," Benedict said through frozen lips. He kept his face perfectly still, but was certain that he'd gone utterly white.
The three of them hadn't been in the same room in four years. No, that wasn't right – he and Mary had gone to Mrs Holmes' funeral (They'd missed Mr Holmes', but had sent a card). That hadn't even been a conversation, really. Sherlock had thanked them for coming, and they'd both murmured politely in return before being shuffled off by other mourners, not to mention Mycroft's frosty expression. Christ, what if this had been a huge mistake? Even if Sherlock had admitted he was wrong, there was nothing to stop him from dredging up the past, in front of Nora no less –
Benedict tensed. He wanted to parrot Jim's lines back at him, inflection and all, but Sherlock wouldn't proceed that way. "Can't quite remember. You said so much that night."
Tom froze for a moment. He'd locked the door, hadn't he? Wonderful place to be caught, the shower…no, he
Sherlock slipped deftly from beneath John's hands and moved up to the sofa. He pushed John's limp body forward and wriggled behind him, curling close, his belly pressed to the small of John's back. John felt Sherlock's erection, but was too exhausted, for the moment, to attend to it.
Moriarty's eyes widened. "Substance? Are you having me on? I am the emperor of one of the planet's biggest communication conglomerates."
The car delivered him to the address on the licence and Sherlock stepped out. Not bad, not bad at all, even if it was in Hampstead. Top two floors….
Cumberbatch blinked. His mouth dropped open. "Oh. Oh my God." He closed his eyes and folded his hands together. "Oh, God, I thought I'd be stuck forever."
"There happens to be thirty-seven degrees of available warmth right under your nose, but if you fail to take advantage of it, I can hardly sympathise with you."
didn't know Sherlock. Making himself vulnerable – ha. Sherlock had a shark's instinct for vulnerability, and didn't give a fuck about trampling on it if it suited his purposes.  Sherlock would have rolled his eyes at John's clumsy advances, or put him off with a sneer and a few razor-edged words.
"I don't know, I just thought it would…I thought the marriage would wink out or maybe get intolerable, I don't know. That I'd end up miserable." John buried his face in his hands for a moment. "It wasn't all bad, though, you know? Even when it was, it wasn't. And I feel fucking disloyal for even doing this."
"I was concerned, Sherlock. Surely that's not a crime? Ah," Mycroft said, nodding as a maid came in with a large tureen. "Thank you, Edith." She served them, ladling what looked like an herbed consommé into shallow bowls.
John handled the questions like an utter pro; he stared ahead in silence and with amazing composure, nodding politely to the police who handed him into the squad car. Benedict, with far more experience of intrusive paparazzi, felt his hands curling into fists. Someone got close enough to blind him with a flash; instinctively, he lifted his arm to block the light.
"Just a little pebble in the pond," Sherlock replied, and pulled into traffic. "We'll find out if there's a ripple tonight. We're going to visit Mr Reilly in hospital."
"That's fine," Seb said into the phone. "No. No, I understand. Don't give it another thought. Right. No, if I need you, I'll call. Okay. Good-bye." He rang off and tucked his phone into his pocket. "Steenie, calm down. You're vibrating, blurred around the edges."
With her sharp instincts, Mary seemed to know exactly what he meant. "Yeah, I'm okay. It comes and goes. And this money thing – it's bizarre. I don't know."
It was all simple chemistry, really – a surge in the body's production of bliss-inducing dopamine, that reward circuitry – oxytocin, serotonin, phenylethylamine, adrenaline, endorphins –
"Maybe we can fix the bids. My wife really does adore you." Enright flipped a bank of lights on, bathing the lab in a bright glow.
He wrenched his gaze from Sherlock's face and drummed his fingers on the table, then picked up the paper, only slightly spattered with cetacean moisture. He feigned interest in the Life section; he'd been gawping at Sherlock far too much lately, and the only reason Sherlock hadn't noticed was because he seemed totally immune to personal intimacy of any kind. "So why the lining in the syringe?"
"He put his key card next to his phone, and it's a bit…erm, buggered up," John said. He could have just asked them to open the room, he realised belatedly, but evidently he'd slipped back into stealth mode with no effort whatsoever. "Could I get another one for him?" If they questioned him, he'd just resign himself to the staff opening the door.
The hair on his arms and the back of his neck stood up as he tiptoed downstairs and toward the library. He stopped at the threshold and stared, open-mouthed; Benedict was standing facing away from Tom, his fingers moving with nimble grace and surety over the strings, his bow ripping purest beauty out of the inexpensive violin that had never yielded more than a few clumsy scales and beginner pieces for kids.
"Like murdering people." Sherlock shrank further back in his chair. Slowly, he fumbled beneath his jacket and into his trousers, and with his fingertips located the edge of the knife and began to ease it upward. "Tom –" He winced and screwed his eyes shut again. "Tom said you'd killed his friend. And a fan."
- in the attic, as a bit of a joke – and every once in a while, they niggled. Also, he happened to know that John kept a physical data file on his laptop, and it would be nice if he finally bloody erased it.
Carefully, Benedict set the phone on the coffee table next to the doctor's bag. "I need the loo," he whispered, and stalked into the hallway. He paused and pushed a door open.
She froze for half a second, an almost imperceptible reaction. Then she turned her head and smiled up at Mycroft. Shorter than average, she had a trick of imperiously tipping her chin upward and fixing her gaze even further up, as if other people were irritating and deliberate in their greater height. "Mycroft Holmes! My goodness. Here I've been inviting you to my parties for
Mycroft ushered Anthea into the car and stood beside it, regarding Sherlock thoughtfully. "I'm glad you're home. We were all quite worried."
Never in his life had John so desperately and paradoxically wanted to wriggle out of an embrace. He screwed his eyes shut, reluctantly pressed the palms of his hands against the scant flesh of Sherlock's shoulder blades, and endured.
He turned to John, but John was no longer there. "John? Damn it…." Yanking the cap off the peg, he turned it backwards and placed it on his head. He searched the pockets of the jacket and found a pair of reading glasses. Perching them on his nose, he strode into the hallway and accosted a nurse. "Sorry, sorry to bother you." His accent was Dublin. "My uncle Eamonn was here, Eamonn Reilly? Do you know where he is?"
"I'm sure you took wonderful care of him…Fiona." John smiled, nodded, and turned away. "Let's go," he muttered, and pushed through the doors of the Stroke Unit.
"He was in Brighton all day if you wanted to chat. I didn't think I'd need to point that out, since you framed him for murder."
A muffled snort erupted from Freeman's vicinity. "Right, just stay away from tumblr if I'm not there to supervise. I'm going back to sleep. Wake me when we get there. Christ, I'm glad we've got a bit of a break." He closed his eyes again.
John's fists clenched. He'd beat Sherlock senseless for making Nora cry. He pushed through the curtains, ignoring Christina the over-friendly flight attendant, and stormed down the stairs. Sherlock was waiting on the tarmac, his hands clasped behind his back. "What the
Sherlock frowned. "Your house, or –" He stumbled as Melville shoved him out with a great deal of strength for a man his size, and turned his ankle on the stone steps. He felt his knee give way again, but grabbed the short balustrade, just managing to keep from face-planting onto the ground.
John went back to the sofa and sat. He closed his eyes for a moment and breathed in the familiar scent and dust of 221B, and nostalgia struck him, so powerful that it brought a lump to his throat. He sat in silence, scarcely able to breathe, certainly unable to speak.
John slipped his phone back into his pocket and dug out chopsticks and napkins, arranging them at the table. He set the hot food at their places. "Nora! Come on down, everything's ready!"
Playing gay still got the fish-eye in too many quarters. It was bad enough being photographed on the street coming home a bit squiffy after a party, or at lunch with Tom, but he truly loathed dealing in the cheap currency of rumour. He and Tom had decided to be discreet. His private life was firmly private, and Tom had too many decks stacked against him at the moment, and the more he was able to distance himself from unpleasantness, the better.
The rain had slowed to a fine mist, and night had fallen. Fog clung to the yellow arc lamps in the car park. He looked back at John's scrub top. There had been so much blood. Mostly Moran's – Sherlock had watched half his head shear away – but Mary's blood too, a dark puddle widening beneath her head, soaking into her hair.
"Yes. Get out of my car." Fann smiled. "I mean it, you know. You prescribe holidays for stress relief, but you never take your own advice."
John stood frozen, shocked, disbelieving, terrified that it was a huge joke. Sherlock's lips were warm and soft, the same as a few nights ago, but this was Sherlock, it wasn't Ben, and this was fucking crazy and couldn't possibly be –
He went into his office, beckoning to Anthea. She followed, her high heels clicking on marble tile, and stopped beside his desk, tablet in hand.
"It did," Benedict replied apologetically. "I think I'd better sleep a few more hours. What time is it, anyhow?"
"You're sure? Oh, good, I feel so much better," Sherlock snapped. "You're sure – how, exactly? You've no idea what Moriarty is like, and there's no way to be certain that Cumberbatch hasn't cocked the whole thing up. One wrong word and John could be – never mind."
Sherlock kept pace with a group of Danish tourists until they passed a little coffee shop. He backtracked, darted inside, and peered down the street. No predatory fans, thank God.
The helicopter hovered above them, bathing them in brilliant light. John heard a voice booming out, cold and commanding and blessedly familiar.
John examined the piece, blots of bright colour on a whitish-grey background, surrounded by a simple gilt frame. "Erm…I thought it was supposed to be a Rembrandt."
The Land Rover braked to a stop, and Henry got out. In the rear seat, Tom had stopped crying, but was still struggling to free himself. Annoyed, Sherlock thumped against the back of the seat in an effort to get Tom to calm down, but it didn't seem to help. Attempting speech was pointless, so Sherlock sighed loudly through his nose and went limp as Henry opened the hatch.
"Fine." He wanted to link his arm in hers, but she kept stealing glances at him, as if he planned to do a bolt any second, and he didn't want to scare her. He couldn't help seeing Loo, obviously; he and Loo, early on during one of his separations from Olivia, had enjoyed a lovely series of interludes. They hadn't led to anything but mutual affection, but they'd been memorable. Loo was a tiger in bed. He wondered what Molly Hooper was like, and the thought briefly excited him. If everyone in this universe was a super-enhanced version of their programme personalities, would that make her more timid, or wilder than he expected?
Sherlock nodded. "I drank that wine pretty quickly and the bone marrow on toast is the first thing I've eaten since breakfast. I think I'm a bit dehydrated as well – I took a long walk in Hampstead in the heat from my place to Tom's and it's sapped my strength a bit. Probably should have slept a bit more this morning, too, and I'm certain that the madhouse of the past few days of filming took a toll on my general health and equilibrium."
"Why's that?" Tom asked, a bit sharply. "I think she'd do fine." He gave Fiona a warm smile, probably cementing a life-long complex. "You should go, Fi. When you do, let me know and maybe I can fit in a day or two there."
