‘Oh yeah, she threw an empty bottle at me, which barely missed my head, and told me to fuck off and leave her alone unless I needed her PI skills. And even then she’d probably just throw me out on my ass anyway.’
‘Agreed,’ Valkyrie says with a smile, ‘and thank you, Stark, it shall be good to celebrate Yule again.’
‘Yeah, it only made me a bit tipsy. So they got me to drink another one. I think that one was rum. Then when I still wasn’t drunk they got me to drink another, and that one was definitely vodka. Can you tell Nat that drinks from her country suck?’
‘We can talk more tomorrow,’ T’Challa cuts across Fury, ‘about how we shall face HYDRA and if our new friends wish to continue to offer and receive help as part of the Wakandan Accords. Tonight we have a feast and we should celebrate: we have defeated our enemy with far fewer casualties than we first imagined, we have new friends to get to know, and we have finally reached a time post-battle where we can relax. The feast will begin in an hour, I hope that is enough time for you all to prepare. Until later my friends.’
Peter shakes his head. ‘No, I just-well Wanda wants to meet him and you know he’ll just panic if I pre-warn him, and then we’ll have to have a long debate over the mask so-’
of all people,’ he can’t keep the bitterness out of his voice. ‘Especially to let him carve me up worse than those bastards did in the cave; and no one is going to want someone with a cold piece of metal for a heart, so there’s the playboy out the window. Soon I’ll only be of any use with the suit, and even then-’
‘Someone who avoids the fight as much as possible,’ Clint agrees with a sigh. ‘And look how well that turned out.’
‘Well yeah but I never really went. No one wanted to go with the skinny kid who could barely breathe after a minute on the dancefloor. Bucky was the one who took all the girls dancing.’
'I'd throw more than a book at you if you tried to make me feel better,' Peter mumbles, wondering just what the soldier had tried to do.
Losing the team seems to have mellowed the man, and Wanda couldn’t help but wish a little of the old arrogant Tony would come back. He may have been a pain in the arse, but he was also entertaining. This new Tony seems to carry a huge weight, and she doesn’t know how to help him.
‘I’m not going to like this am I?’ Steve sighs, tone very reminiscent of one he often uses on Tony. Peter’s not sure whether he should feel proud or not.
They go to refill their mugs in a companionable silence. ‘You know,’ the trickster says as they take their places back against a wall, ‘I did wonder if you wouldn’t have had someone by the time we came back after Yule.’
‘Are you insane? They don’t have a clue who you are. Miss Potts invited your firm because of the work you do. I haven’t even told them I
Hulk runs his fist over his mouth, in a move that Clint learned a long time ago he does when he doesn’t know what to say. ‘Hulk glad both safe.’
Loki pauses as they head towards the door. ‘In truth? I’m not sure I can say what the deciding factor was. Thor’s full acceptance of my Jotun form was one, and the Spiderling’s reaction another. I suppose I realised it was time to stop ignoring what I was and to attempt to embrace it if I ever wanted to be truly comfortable in my own skin.’
‘Roger that, Captain,’ Tony salutes and then readies his repulsor blades again. ‘Oh, Squidward is back up. Hey Wong. You hanging in there?’
‘Try it again and I’ll put you through the window,’ Peter’s arm are crossed over his chest. ‘Now is anyone else going to try and kill someone or can we get back to working out how to save the universe?’
‘You were the one who bought the giant tree,’ he grumbles, heading back downstairs to collect even more bags from the car. ‘Have you seriously not got
She grins, unable to stop herself. ‘A lot more.’ Then she adds more power to the sphere; where before the light had been twisting and turning like a pool of water, now it was swirling like a tornado, and still she pours more into it.
‘I assume it’s something to do with my Jotun physiology and the fact I am more comfortable in it means I am more able to withstand the cold.’
‘No,’ Peter replies, and then Steve sees something that has his stomach turning to ice. ‘You will face
‘One minute and I’ll be there,’ she promises, deciding to throw some caution to the wind and go for speed. She races along the corridors, her mind going to the flash drive tucked safely in her belt.
‘How does he remember all that?’ Clint shakes his head. ‘I still get turned around when I go to a floor I’m not used to.’
‘What would you like to do this afternoon?’ Vision asks as they walk along hand in hand. ‘I believe there is a special exhibition going on at one of the galleries, shall we have a look?’
‘We’re not sure,’ August admits, looking over his shoulder briefly. ‘That’s partly what we’re hoping Mr Laufeyson will be able to tell us. To think: we actually had alien writing in our site! No will believe it!’
‘You can’t suit up!’ Ned protests, and Peter’s too worried to care about his secret identity any more.
‘So,’ Tony grins, ‘do we want to watch a movie or would you rather start on the plans for the Long Island house?’
‘Yeah well considering I end up getting blamed for anything that ends up on the ceiling,’ Peter frowns at Bucky, ‘we put a stop to it so I wouldn’t have to clean it up.’
As everyone else files out Steve catches Bucky’s eye and can see something very similar going round his friend’s thoughts.
As they get to the top they freeze. The soldier raises his gun and aims it at them. ‘Now why don’t you stop running around kids? We haven’t got time to play tag.’
‘Wonderful,’ he hears the blond mutter, but his attention is taken away from the pair at the wall as Bucky aims a punch his way and the two start sparring again.
‘There he is! Come and see an old woman, Peter, I’ve been hearing nothing but praise about you, young man. Let me see how much you’ve grown since I last saw you,’ is the greeting Peter gets on Christmas Eve as he walks into the common area.
,’ Loki grumbles, ‘it’s just I’ve never been able to take the form before without the aid of an artefact before and never had the inclination to do so.’
‘What? No!’ Peter laughs. ‘I knew Harry way before I met Ned, but he and his family moved away a few years ago and we fell out of contact; I haven’t seen him since I was like twelve.’
‘I am Lady Death,’ she says again, ‘and I have waited such a long time to have you join me. Your healing power got quite troublesome at times. This is the longest I’ve ever had you in my realm, I’m hoping we can make it permanent.’
‘Should be here soon,’ Natasha replies, ‘they’d just reached the Atlantic when I last spoke to them.’
‘Captain Rogers and Sergeant Barnes are already on their way there now; Miss Maximoff and Vision are just getting up from the sofas; Agent Romanoff is coming up from the gym; Mr Wilson and Colonel Rhodes are currently off the facility.’
Well, and Scott’s Ant Man suit is on its way back from Wakanda; one of the things that he and T’Challa had organised during their first conversation. There are still plenty of Clint’s spare bows at the facility, which Tony continues to improve occasionally. And if one or two of them just so happened to have been misdirected during a storage clear out he has absolutely no idea where they ended up.
‘Because I don’t think Nebula is going to rely on only one option to getting Gamora back,’ Clint cuts off Quill’s response. ‘So she’s more likely to be careful with it. Plus I’ve seen her in action. I think she’d be able to take Nat out, and that frankly terrifies me.’
Thanos, however, is not done yet. He brings up the gauntlet and, using the Time Stone, brings Vision back.
Natasha nods. ‘Just like you said, it wouldn’t have been fair to him when I was thinking I was cheating on someone else.’
‘We used to have the whole kingdom join us,’ Thor says, a huge smile on his face as he remembers, ‘and all the best hunters would go on a hunt to bring down enough game to feed everyone at the feast. There was more food and drink than people could eat.’
‘No it’s fine I’ll speak to her,’ he replies, much happier again. ‘Anyway I’m going to go put my stuff in my room. Be back soon!’
A/N: Hi everyone. Hope you enjoyed this chapter! So only one person actually suggested Wade as a possibility - how could you doubt him?
of persuasion to get you agree. If I knew the threat of alien invasion would do it I would have organised one ages ago. Maybe we wouldn’t have danced around each other so long.’
A burst of bright light sends Bucky and Zemo flying backwards. Steve barely has time to register what has happened before Strange is standing in front of him, pulling him to his feet.
‘I swear to you Hammer,’ Steve growls, Brooklyn accent nearly as thick as Bucky’s ‘when I get hold of you, you’re going to wish you’d stayed dead the first time.’
‘Don’t you start going paranoid on me, Pool, or I swear you won’t be able to talk for webbing for a year,’ he growls.
‘You remember Monty and Dum Dum getting into that war-long argument about which country made the best whiskey?’ Steve asks, a grin on his lips.
He turns in surprise as Pepper lets out a small sob and rushes to where he’s sitting to give him a hug. Too stunned to do anything other than react on instinct, Steve puts an arm around her shoulders as she cries into his shoulder. ‘Thank you,’ she whispers, barely loud enough for him to hear.
‘I didn’t want to put this under the tree in case it got accidently damaged,’ he says in way of explanation. ‘Merry Christmas, Thor.’ He hands over the small, impeccably wrapped present.
Steve closes his eyes for a brief moment, and then opens the door, walking in and then closing it softly behind him.
deal with them, I’ve had a lifetime of practise,’ he gives her a small smile which she hesitantly returns and then nods.
Whatever Vision is about to reply with is lost in the loud, ominous cracking sound that comes from across the other side of the street. Screams sound as the side of a building starts to lean over onto the street, the scaffolding around it doing nothing but bending under the weight.
‘He moved in with the Avengers,’ Ned cuts across him, making him bang his head on the desk in exasperation.
Beside her Deadpool laughs. ‘Actually I’m much more used to that reaction. Thanks Snowflake that actually makes me feel better.’
‘To my room, Flash,’ Peter counters, ‘and taking my friends to the ones they usually use when they visit.’
‘Hey now hang on. The one rule I broke was an agreement we made between us, what you’re talking about is breaking the law!’
Vision cuts across Steve’s question. ‘I suggest you look at the records for payment for the nursing home your aunt was in Miss Carter.’
Peter blocks it out, burying his head in Tony’s chest. Because he hasn’t been able to tell Wade about all the illusions Beck had created for him before they’d met up. He can’t tell him that Beck made him kill Tony.
‘Well just through this little exchange you’ve relaxed a little more,’ he points out with a small smirk. ‘Just find something to talk about.’
Peter tries to ignore the warm feeling in his chest as he and Harry join the others at the table. If he’s honest it was always Harry’s ‘knight in shining armour’ trick that made him first have a crush on the guy when they were younger; and it’s a nice feeling having his old friend back.
‘You didn’t know him,’ Tony points out, ‘therefore you shouldn’t have made an opinion on him considering everything you’ve already heard. Bruce and Thor have already made their decisions; the only other members of the original team apart from me are Steve, Natasha and Clint. As Clint isn’t here, Steve and Nat are the ones that need to say. Or are we going to bring up everyone’s actions prior to joining the team?’ he raises a challenging eyebrow.
‘Oh come on nothing more than kissing was going to happen!’ Wade defends himself. ‘I’ve already told him that.’
‘Nearly done, Mr Stark,’ he replies. ‘I just um… hey Mr Stark? Can you give me a hand with my algebra? I’m not very good at it.’
‘Then stop acting like one!’ Tony counters, patience apparently ended. Peter can see Bucky wince out of the corner of his eye.
‘It smells great Mr Stark,’ Peter says, appearing in the doorway. ‘Is there anything I can do to help?’
‘You gave us back our daughters,’ the mother says, looking at him with tears in her eyes, ‘and you gave me back my husband. Now this and your offer to help my son…I’m sorry this country didn’t accept you when you first came back, and thank you for everything.’
‘Where’s my favourite female avengers?’ Tony asks as he enters the common room the next morning, far too bright and cheerful considering how much was drunk yesterday and how late they went to bed.
‘But it stops one person being able to spill all the secrets, or if their security and clearance is compromised it’s only one section of the organisation that is compromised with them,’ Bucky finishes, with a nod. ‘Perhaps not a perfect solution, but it is a solution at least.’
Steve runs a hand up and down his back. ‘I understand, and I think you made the right decision Tony.’
‘This time,’ Fury says as they enter the main room of the suite of rooms again, ‘I’ve got you a little more backup.’ He gestures to the woman sitting next to him. ‘This is Monica Rambeau from SWORD and I have just put her in charge of a new team whose primary focus for now is to hunt down any HYDRA agents.’
‘Glad you like it,’ the inventor laughs, slipping it onto the ring finger of his offered right hand.
‘Tony! Don’t you dare,’ Steve cuts across him, causing both Tony and Bucky to burst out laughing. ‘I don’t need you putting ideas into everyone’s heads thank you very much.’
‘Steve!’ he sees Sam waving to him from where he’s ducked down by some representatives, trying to keep them out of the line of fire.
‘Am not,’ he retorts. At his friend’s raised eyebrow, he amends his statement. ‘Well I’m not planning to.’
The Avengers confront Peter about his friendship with the notorious mercenary; the team gets a call out and Peter goes missing after Tony snaps at him.
‘The larger group will be with me heading for the front of the facility and to create the biggest distraction,’ Strange continues, ‘Peter, Loki, Thor, Tony I want you all with me to help. Together we should be able to create plenty of mayhem and having Peter
‘How did she-’ Rocket is cut off by Sam swooping back behind him and knocking the contraption out of his hands.
Natasha feels a little of the tension leave her shoulders. ‘Thanks, Hope. We’re not, I promise. We’ve all come a long way in making sure we share things with the rest of the team, but we all need a bit of time to get things a bit more sorted in our own heads before we can really open up. Besides the Wakandan Accords are nearly through, two or three more days and we should have our answer and be able to relax a little more.’
‘Good question. Maybe check on the rest of the team first?’ she suggests, taking out another agent. ‘Preferably before I run out of bullets to cover you with.’
‘Give him a break, Strange, he’s only just coming round,’ Tony comes to kneel next to where Bucky’s lying on the sofa. ‘How you feeling?’
‘No!’ Peter’s eyes go comically wide. ‘No I’m just saying I was doing what I was taught by staying on the ceiling. So no one can accuse me of cheating.’
Peter opens his mouth to respond, but finds his mind has gone blank. Flash’s words are a bit too close to his own deeply hidden thoughts to be easily pushed aside.
Something about his scream must have brought Thor back to his senses because the god roars, launching himself back at Thanos and sending them flying into the trees; he sees Loki, Bucky, T’Challa and Natasha go racing after them. He scrambles forwards towards the spot where Tony is laying, gasping and scratching at the ruined hole in the chest of the suit.
‘Sorry, Frosty, but there are a lot of presents here. I sent yours back though,’ Wade says, putting his armful of presents down by the tree.
-Apologies. I am attempting to get a feel for your mind, and that was a particularly strong memory- there’s an edge to his voice that Bucky can’t quite place.
The girl just blinks innocently up at him and Loki can’t help but feel a little proud at her guileless mask. ‘I don’t know what you’re implying Tony.’
‘The stones have gone to different people,’ Strange says, looking out over the battlefield, where apparently the majority of the team have now been thrown. ‘If we can collect the stones together we can harness their power like Thanos intended to and end this.’
Loki scowls. ‘If this is going to be another rerun of my past misdeeds then I’m not interested in continuing this discussion,’ and he picks up his book again to make his point.
‘I trust Ross about as far as I could throw Hulk one handed,’ Tony states. ‘I wouldn’t put it past him to contrive a situation where one of us has to use our powers to defend ourselves and spins it as us attacking the general populace.’
‘You’re the best,’ Peter grins, then pulls a face as he sniffs the whiskey Tony offers him. ‘We got anything else?’
‘Pepper you’ve been seeing each other for nearly a year now. I might have missed you and Natasha meeting up for coffee but I’ve definitely not missed my CEO and Head of Security getting cosy. That and I built your phones.’
Tony slams the door of the limo shut and effectively blocks out the questions from the reporters. The car pulls away and he sags back into the seats in relief, Steve’s arm finding its place around his shoulders for the first time all day. A few streets along they pause for the door to be pulled open long enough for the merc to slip in before it pulls off again.
As they round the back of the facility the sound of a fight reaches their ears. ‘What do you thinks going on?’ Sam asks as they speed up.
Steve sees it. A figure holding up a rocket launcher, a split second before it fires. ‘Get down!’ he grabs her round the waist and pulls them both down under the desk, his shield blocking the gap.
‘Oh you’ll know when she gets here,’ is the enigmatic reply. ‘SHIELD air support has just arrived and is heading to your position.’
‘Peter what are you doing?’ Natasha demands and Bucky turns to see the webslinger webbing the monster’s face and then swinging up onto its back.
‘Monica’s mother was an old friend of mine and Carol’s,’ Fury explains, ‘she unfortunately got grounded from her work in space.’
Thanos roars in frustration and all eyes turn to him, standing in the middle of the clearing with the gauntlet raised. ‘I tire of these games,’ he says, and holds his fingers as if he is ready to snap them. ‘It’s time to end this.’
‘You are the one who made me believe I was more than a monster,’ he holds a knife to Bucky’s throat, pinning him in place against him. ‘I will not let you fall into the darkness you saved me from.’
‘Your jokes are getting worse with age,’ Sam shoots back. ‘Why would I take part in a race that includes you and Steve? I got lapped enough times by the Man with the Plan when I first met him, I don’t need to add any more to the list thank you. Besides I’ve got some prep to do for my support group tomorrow morning.’
‘Due to the fact that you’ve managed to fuck up the surgery that was trusted to you and have been successfully slowly killing him?’ Tony Stark demands, turning an intensely burning gaze on the nurse, who shrinks back at the force of it. ‘You,’ he turns round and jabs a finger into Doctor Blane’s chest, ‘get the fuck out. You don’t come near this patient again. Do I make myself clear?’
stay in touch with the team at the same time. It’s one or the other with this version. So only use it when you’re on the flight back. Or if something goes really wrong.’
‘At least we’re improving,’ Wanda laughs, then turns to greet Vision and Rhodey as they enter the room.
‘I’m here, Lokes,’ Tony lands next to him, walking at his side and Loki will never tell him how grateful he is. ‘You have something of ours,’ the billionaire says to their enemy, pointing at Lorena.
‘You won’t know until you call him, and you’ve given Captain Rogers plenty of time to read through the documents,’ Vision counters.
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you enjoyed this double update. I know I changed Uncle Ben's dying slightly, but I didn't want to do the same story and I hope you can forgive me from deviating from comics and films a little to have it fit in with where I've been taking Peter.
Strange is quiet, but the look on his face is thoughtful so Tony doesn’t interrupt. ‘Alright Stark I shall do my best. But I make no promises.’
Finally Mama releases Wade’s face and gives his cheek a soft pat. ‘You’re a good man, Wade Wilson, if a little lost right now.’
‘Thank you,’ a little of the tension leaves her shoulders. ‘Alright, Pete, let’s head back. We still need to sort out who’s staying and who’s going.’
Peter blinks in surprise at the bald head and the scars that cover every inch of the man’s skin. ‘They actually cover everything? The scars?’ his voice is soft as he asks the question. Wade just nods, his eyes betraying his uneasiness. Peter reaches up and runs a finger over the man’s head. ‘Do they hurt?’
‘Wanda and Vision will meet us here, they’re already in New York. Hopefully this isn’t the big guy himself and we’ve only got to deal with one of his lieutenants.’
‘Where’s Wade been hiding recently? I swear I can never get him to go away when I want him to, and over the past few weeks he just disappears for hours at a time,’ the soldier asks him.
The nurse huffs in annoyance. ‘Go up to the tenth floor, he’ll be in C ward, you can ask the nurses there where he is.’
‘Well you know where your room is so feel free to go get some rest at any point. There’s plenty of us to watch the kids.’
Bucky reaches out a hand towards her, but the effort is too much. His eyes close as hands grab his shoulders.
‘You want to know what I see when I look at this?’ he asks softly, resting two fingers over the bandages where a slight glow is showing through.
He nods in response. ‘This is the one we have for the teams of soldiers and agents we work with,’ he whispers back, ‘our one is slightly…uh, well built around us needing to use our abilities to get everyone through.’
Loki grins as he sees what’s hanging above Quill. ‘Certainly not if you want some peace and quiet at some point today. Here, Star Lord, allow me.’ He pulls the sweater down, planting a kiss on Quill’s lips as his flushed face emerges. ‘And might I suggest moving from under the mistletoe?’
Natasha smirks. ‘Tony was watching when I was having trouble practising switching the functions on my bites because I used to keep them separate in my suit, I never said anything but a couple of days later he turns up with a new set that has easy to change functions on it.’
The trickster moves closer and places his hand over some of the markings, studying them intently. Then he sighs and nods. ‘Yes these are certainly Jotun. It may take me a couple of hours to translate, are you happy for us to remain here?’
‘Wow, actually threatening to lock us in our rooms? He’s really gone Mama Bear hasn’t he?’ Hope laughs as Peter digs in to the food Tony has laid out for him. ‘You know you guys really should be making notes on this visit.’
Then there’s hands on him, rolling him onto his back. His head is being held by someone and there’s more shouting. His stomach is on fire and it gets worse when he coughs.
‘I don’t want you to,’ I throw back. Maybe pissing off the personification of death is not the best idea in the world, but I’ve never been known for my brilliant ideas. Not where my pissing off people is concerned anyway.
‘Ah, hi Ms Parker, it’s Tony,’ he says, wondering how he can take on a room full of journalists and not blink an eye, but when he speaks to this woman he breaks out in a sweat.
Heart pounding from nerves after finally having got everything off of his chest Peter waits nervously for Loki to respond as they continue along the street.
‘According to this report, Stark, you’re saying the initial findings of your sessions with James Barnes suggests that you should be able to cure him of the brainwashing’ one of the councilmen says.
Thanos turns and he can see Vision and Wanda still crouched at the edge of the clearing they’ve been fighting in, and their enemy moves towards them.
Peter nods, apparently satisfied when FRIDAY interrupts them. ‘Boss? Miss Maximoff has just arrived at the facility. She says she’s escaped HYDRA.’
They will all be done at some point, I’m just interested in what you guys would like to see first. Again do let me know if there are any requests!
move against them, you understand?’ Peter nods. ‘I’ll let you know when we move in. You’re not coming though.’
Ajax in there we can’t risk Wade being seen until we’re inside,’ she replies. ‘The trucks usually stay in there for around half an hour: long enough for them to unload and then leave, so we’ll have that much time before we need to leave.’
The light gets so blinding that even those fighting around them stop and shield their eyes. As Thanos gets to within striking distance of the two women, the gauntlet explodes, throwing everyone within its radius backwards, and the stones fly off in different directions.
That and Steve had agreed before he could open his mouth. Then Steve had given him the big blue puppy dog eyes, which by the way are in the running with Peter’s brown ones for the best set of puppy dog eyes out there, and he’d caved.
‘But older enough that he’s legal and you’re not right?’ Peter blushes bright red and looks down, nodding his head.
‘Yeah, please,’ he says, eyes scanning the information that flashes onto the screens. ‘All of this is looking at modifying crops and things on a large scale, none of it is small scale…’
‘I’m so glad you made it to see Anthony before I called. I was hoping he’d have a bit of warning. You’ve done exactly what I needed you to do’. Scott growls, and Tony puts a comforting hand on his arm. ‘Now who else is still sticking around you? I’m surprised you haven’t managed to drive them away yet. That’s your usual trick isn’t it?’
‘I think Wanda and Peter might disagree,’ Bucky argues, ‘there’s at least one person I’ve heard them talking about.’
Steve laughs. ‘Point taken,’ then the two of them set up a production line of sorts to get the popcorn prepared. When they’ve filled one bowl Tony calls to Wanda to say it’s ready and she uses her powers to bring it over to the rest of the group. Sam and Rhodes are having an argument over the best way to lay the cushions on the floor, while Peter and Vision appear to be having a discussion on the web fluid.
Thor surges forwards, getting a better grip on Stormbreaker to slice at the Titan and scrambling to his feet, belatedly realising it was
‘Jerk,’ he mutters, knocking away the arm Bucky tries to ruffle his hair with. He feels better having spoken with Bucky about their old team, for a while it had felt like they shouldn’t bring them up, but now it felt like a small weight had been lifted from his shoulders.
‘I’ll take her to the jet, kid,’ the man says, grabbing MJ and flying up past him. ‘You stay there and we’ll come get you.’
‘I think we should start with those that Quill found,’ Natasha grins. Steve just laughs and hands them out; most of the team are looking excited, but the rest are confused.
‘Angry? Why would he be angry with you? Currently he’s freaking out thinking you’ve run away or been kidnapped or something. I’ll be surprised if he’s got any hair left by the time we get back.’
‘I’ve got Steve on them already,’ Tony waves off the concern. ‘He’ll have them in line by the time we get back.’
‘Now I have an exciting announcement,’ Mr Harris says once he finishes taking the register. ‘Our school has been chosen for the pilot of a new scheme! I’ll be sending home letters with all of you along with permission slips that you’ll need to get signed. We have been invited to spend a couple of days up at the newly renovated Avengers Facility as a trial for a new scheme they’re starting, working with schools across the country.’
‘Wanda! What are you doing?’ Tony shouts, though in his heart he’s scared he already knows the answer.
‘You really are a sap aren’t you?’ he whisper-chuckles as he brushes a strand of blond hair back from his face; Steve’s been letting it grow a little longer than normal recently and Tony decides he likes it.
Vision nods with a small smile on his face. ‘Before that would have been true, yes. But I think Tony has stopped enjoying having so much attention on himself since the original business with the Accords. I also do not think he realised just how much he needed the team until that confrontation, especially with Miss Potts ending their relationship just before.’ The humanoid tilts his head to the side as if he’s thinking and then adds. ‘Do you know what happened the first time Wanda and I went out to have a coffee somewhere? It wasn’t too long after she’d come back, but it was long enough that we thought there wouldn’t be any trouble. We went to a coffee shop and the barista refused to serve us. She said she didn’t want dangerous people like us in her shop. Wanda was devastated. When we got back she went straight to her room and refused to come out for the rest of the day.
‘Yes, we contact the performers ahead of time to find out which carols they’re singing so we can print the words for the residents to join in with if they want,’ she replies, ‘I just wish they’d told us the nights they wouldn’t be here. Sorry I better go speak to the other staff members.’
Despite his previous scare, or maybe because of it, Tony bursts out laughing. ‘Kid, I may be made of bricks but you certainly aren’t. You trying to break every bone in your body?’ Steve pulls him to his feet as Bucky scores.
There’s a pause on the end of the phone, then Wade sighs. ‘I’ll ask around Sister Margaret’s and see what I can dig up. Not sure what any of those fuckwits will be able to tell us, but it’ll be a start; and I’ll get Weasel on the case. Then I’ll start heading out from there and see what I can find.’
‘Shall we go get a film going for when the others get back?’ she suggests. ‘I think I’d rather sleep up in the common area tonight, we can get everything set up so we can all sleep up there. What do you think?’
The tension eases in the room and the archer turns on his heel, grinning to respond to Natasha’s reply to his comment without another look at Wade. Peter, Tony notices, doesn’t relax until the archer has sat down, and still keeps his eye on the man.
‘Technically I’ve just been walking to a couple of meeting points and talking to people. It’s other people that have done most of the work. Ned and I have just been collating information and listening in on police radios. Uh-I mean-’
‘Why haven’t you answered your phone?’ she demands of Peter as soon as she steps through into the library. ‘I’ve been trying to contact you for
They’re in a stand off. Natasha and Clint are hiding behind one of the smaller hangers, and Wade and Peter behind one of the trees. They were all down one hit. It was all to play for.
‘Damn it!’ Thor smacks a fist onto the bar top in front of him. ‘Why have we ended up in the only bar in the universe filled with cowards?’
He’s promised to keep his suit on under his clothes so the team can track him if they need to, and he’s checking in through text or phone every couple of hours. They’ve also got surveillance through the apartment just to be on the safe side. It had all been part of the agreement Natasha had made with him in order for him to go home. She’d understood his not being able to stay there, for which he was eternally grateful.
Bucky takes a deep breath, and pulls down the barrier he has put up between their link. He’s flooded with Loki’s emotions, and knows the trickster is drinking in his own. They stand facing each other, foreheads touching and eyes closed as they don’t need to use words to tell each other what they’re feeling.
‘Why did you think Buck? Wait,’ Steve looks almost worried, ‘Tony you two didn’t…before I got back?’
He immediately regrets his question as the grin shifts beneath the other man’s mask. ‘Don’t think I need to answer that do I, Spideykins?’
‘Miss Maximoff agrees with you,’ FRIDAY’s tone is amused, ‘and says she needs enough therapy from the boss’ brain without needing to add anything from yours to the mix. She also says she is glad that for some reason she can never hear Mr Wilson’s thoughts or she’s sure she’d have been sectioned by now.’
Tony’s terrified of what’s coming for them in the next few weeks, and he knows Steve is just as scared; but as he lets the soldier push him back into the bed and trail kisses down his neck he’s not as worried as he was. As long as Steve’s by his side, and the rest of the team are behind them, he knows they’ve got a chance.
‘Ah,’ Tony can picture Cint’s nod of understanding. ‘And our Tony decided to try and keep up with the gods?’
Peter takes a few tentative steps forwards, then stops when he’s still just over an arm’s length away from the man, holding his hand out as if wanting to take hold of his arm. ‘I’m sorry, Wade.’
They spend a few minutes trading lazy kisses, and Steve is rolling Tony onto his back when the sound of heavy footsteps and grumbling comes from the corridor and they break away. Steve chuckles, sending warm breath over his face. ‘I think Peter’s woken Bucky up.’
‘Woah, seriously? Dude that’s awesome!’ Ned interrupts. ‘How do you fight if you’re blind? Or do you use the blindness as a front and you’re not really blind? You know like Superman and his glasses?’
New Year's Eve arrives and Tony has a couple of interesting conversations before Peter and Wade take a big step in their relationship.
to not have to hide that I just freaked out a bit. Thinking about everything that I won’t be able to do or say while they’re here, and the fact that
‘One,’ comes the quiet reply. There’s a moment of dead silence between the group as they take in the information.
Also made him the world’s worst nag when it came to his self-destructive habits. He was still able to predict when they’d happen almost to the minute.
‘What’s the matter, Parker?’ Flash sneers as the chatter levels increase again now Mr Harris is busy handing out forms. ‘Did your buddies not think it important enough to tell you about this? Sure you’ve really moved up from being errand boy?’
of bad guys here by the way. So what- oh,’ Peter stops his rambling as Tony pulls him into a tight hug, ‘this is nice.’
‘Oh hell no am I letting him beat us!’ Bucky growls, grabbing for Sam’s ankle. The ex-assassin grunts and Sam dodges to the side just as Natasha darts past him to tackle the man on the ground.
‘If it wasn’t for DUM-E,’ he cuts across Steve, ‘I wouldn’t have made it down to the reactor Pepper had had mounted and got it in my chest.’ The robot in question gives a whir of happiness. ‘Don’t think that means you’re forgiven for the fire extinguishers,’ he warns the robot, who just hangs its arm in defeat. He then tells them how they managed to defeat Obi, and watching the man fall to his death. How he still has nightmares of the man reaching over him to remove the reactor from his chest and leaving him to die slowly and alone.
‘I trusted Thor with my secret and between us we would sneak scraps from the table into my room to feed it. We even managed to sneak it out into the forest every couple of days so we could exercise and train it once it got a little larger.’
‘Shut up Tony.’ The inventor just laughs, and Loki calls out reminders of some of the steps to the others as they go through again. As good a dancer as Tony is, and as entertaining as he is when he’s messing around trying to make everyone laugh from making some of the steps more elaborate than they need to be, and as much as Loki is laughing as much as the others when they finish he can’t help but miss having stronger, larger hands grasping his in some of the steps, and the occasional brush of fingers against his waist and forearms as they go through the steps.
‘Both! Do you know how hard it is to deal with a sulky teenager, let alone one that sulks cross-legged on the ceiling?’ May groans.
Tony raises a hand to stop his question. ‘Now listen very carefully, Wade Wilson. I asked Spider-Man if he’d be willing to trust you with his identity and with the identity of his family. He thought about it, properly thought about it, and he said he would. Now I know he can handle himself, so I’m not too worried about you actually knowing who he is. What I am concerned about is the people close to him. You swear to me right here that you will not use any knowledge of Spider-Man’s identity against him, you can come with me to the facility and, if he’s still happy to trust you, you can come and spend Christmas with us.’
Steve watches, laces still untied on his second skate, as Natasha glides around the ice like a ballerina, Wanda not far behind her, though a little less graceful than the older woman. Peter is being kind and helping Sam get his balance, the teenager skating backwards like a pro; once the older man is more comfortable, he skates off attempting to catch Wanda and the two end up spinning in ever faster circles, hands clasped in front of them.
‘I’ll bear that in mind,’ Tony winks at Steve and he finds he’s fighting down a blush. ‘The short version is this: I’m trying to move away from weapons production. I’m not happy with having this as our main source of revenue, and I have reason to believe that someone in my company is dealing under the table and I don’t like it. So while I try and find out who it is I’m branching out, trying my hand at a lot of different projects, all kinds of things from improving medical equipment at lower costs to phones and gadgets. My pet project has been the prosthesis one, the one which you were the first volunteer for. I was led to believe it had been a great success. After digging around after our conversation last night,’ he addresses this to Steve, ‘I’ve now got reason to believe that someone is deliberately trying to sabotage this project and was willing to have Bucky die from apparent complications to put pay to it once and for all.’
Tony looks at the teen carefully, arms crossed over his chest. ‘Alright, kid, invite him up. But he’s on the same probation as Loki is alright? I’ll warn the team when I get back from this call.’
‘Daredevil’s keeping the exit clear for you,’ Deadpool says. ‘I’ll come give you a hand inside.’ And with that the mercenary disappears into the tunnels, occasional shouts of: ‘Take that mother-fucker’ and ‘Bad Deadpool!’ followed by ‘Good Deadpool’ float back to them.
‘On your left, Cap,’ Sam says through their newly linked comms, and comes flying over Tony and Peter’s heads.
‘And you, Steven,’ Thor nods, ‘and I thank you for waiting for me before you claimed victory. These are some new friends of ours: the Rabbit and the Tree.’
‘Nat what’s-’ Steve trails off as he takes in the video call in front of them, she turns and sees Bucky and Sam entering with him.
‘He seems like a good kid, Tony,’ Steve says, coming over to him, ‘if a little intimidated at the moment.’
the merc’s words and tone come floating back to him. Now he thinks maybe he can place some of the emotions in that voice: sadness and guilt. Peter suddenly realises how much he
‘Aww you’d tear down your lab just to stop little old me? I feel so special. This is much better than flowers and chocolates. I do think the traditional gifts are just so boring now aren’t they? So unimaginative.’
‘Nat. I know you said to Bucky about trying with her again after you helped him realise his dreams weren’t actually dreams but memories.’
It feels strange not eating with the team and being in the facility. He’s still feeling a bit out of sorts when he enters the door and joins the line, wondering who will have been cooking upstairs.
‘Can’t I just spend some time with a friend?’ she counters, taking the glove back and fitting it as she watches him change over his glove.
wall and told them to stop. There were a couple of arm wrestles including Wade, Thor, Bucky and Valkyrie, and Steve joined in towards the end, but Thor still came away the victor.
As Thanos knocks Steve flying sideways Tony lands on his back, sending out the nanites to form a mask covering the Titan’s eyes. ‘Ever heard of a game called Blindman’s Bluff?’
‘No way kid I need you next to me to keep me standing. Steve fusses too much, at least you know when to let me stand on my own feet again,’ he gives the teenager a warm smile, the boy practically glowing with pride.
Peter doesn’t let go of Wade’s hand as they head up to the common area, all the others have already arrived and they take a seat on one of the couches.
‘But what if they do?’ Peter asks as he fiddles with his covers. ‘What if they come and find us when you aren’t here?’
‘I’m telling her you said that,’ Peter grins, then heaves a sigh. ‘This is what you guys didn’t understand. I literally have to watch
‘Oh thank god,’ Tony says as the plane hits the tarmac of the runway and begins to slow. ‘Hopefully at least one person on this plane will be on my side in this.’
‘Those are Jotun runes,’ he says, coming close to the image floating above Tony’s screen. ‘But what are they doing on Midgard? Unless they are left over from Jotunheim’s conquests? Though that was centuries ago, before Thor or I were even born. I’d be surprised if they had remained undiscovered for this long.’
On their one in the facility, Peter usually crawls up the wall and helps the others up, or Wanda will use her magic and get everyone up at once, or Tony, Rhodes and Sam will ferry people up in their suits.
‘I am sorry it came to this, brother,’ Loki sighs, kneeling down next to the Jotun’s body. ‘I wish you had listened to me.’
‘Something tells me we’re going to be splitting our time tomorrow between cleaning and investigating,’ Wade says, running a finger along the table and holding it up for everyone to see. ‘Because I’ve eaten off some questionable surfaces in my time, but I’m drawing the line here, Tin Can.’
What’s happened next? Oh yeah Peter got possessed by a killer alien, but he’s fine now. Kids these days will bounce back from anything. Even Covid.
I say and do while I’m here. From knowing exactly which team member is walking up behind me when I haven’t turned around because each of you has a special tone in my spidey-sense, to being careful about the jokes I use talking with you because I can’t say anything that might have people twig that we patrol together, to even being careful how much I carry in the labs. If I go and work in the workshop with Tony I can’t lift half the stuff I normally do because they don’t think I can. I can’t call Nat “Mommy Spider” while they’re around because they might guess at why I call her that. It’s not about being ashamed of any of my relationships with any of the team,
The two of them look at the image of their mother, her soft, warm smile looking back at them from the cocoon of Thor’s palm. ‘Thank you, brother, I can’t tell you how much this means to me,’ Thor’s voice is thick with emotion.
‘Well, uh, I see you already know Mr Parker, Mr Osborn, so why don’t you two buddy up for the day? Mr Parker
‘In some ways he is a different man, Captain,’ T’Challa says quietly, then starts to walk back inside. ‘Losing your family is a very difficult thing,’ he says over his shoulder. ‘To have lost them twice is a pain I cannot begin to imagine.’
Wanda makes sure everyone puts at least one decoration on the tree: she and Natasha had found Avengers themed baubles which resulted in a lot of laughter when they were revealed, they’d even found a Spider-Man one for Peter. Everyone had a lucky dip to choose someone else’s bauble to hang on the tree. Towards the end though there were three left: one for Thor, one for Hawkeye, and one for Hulk. Peter notices Tony hand Hulk’s one to Natasha, and she gives him a small, watery smile as she hangs it not far from where Wanda had hung the Black Widow one. Steve hangs Thor’s up near the top, and Wanda hangs Hawkeye’s next to it.
‘Why do you put decorations on a tree you have cut down from the forest and will then have to destroy once the celebration is over?’ she asks, and for once Peter doesn’t detect hostility in her voice, only curiosity.
‘We are making good progress,’ he responds. ‘After this all we are going to have left to do is to repeat the trigger words until we are able to remove all traces of the controlling elements from your mind.’
Clint just shrugs and spins the two knives in his hands. ‘You spend as much time with Nat as I have and you learn some tricks on where to hide weapons.’
‘Not without someone to catch you, you crazy kid!’ Peter laughs again. Then he looks to Wade. ‘Hey Wade! You gonna catch or what? We’ve had enough practise!’
There’s a pause, then she sighs. ‘I thought he’d said he doesn’t want to be an Avenger? What’s the point in having him up there so often, Tony? You trying to wear him down?’
A/N: Hi everyone. Sorry this is later than planned, I've been struggling to find time to write recently. So basically I'm planning to upload chunks at a time. I'm part way through the Yule chapters and as soon as they're finished I'll upload them, same with the Christmas ones and New Years. Sorry! Work and Christmas prep just caught up with me.
‘I know right? Miracles do happen.’ Strange makes a thoughtful noise in response. ‘Look, Strange, the team likes the guy alright? He’s done a hell of a lot to prove he’s not the guy that started the Battle of New York, and I honestly think everyone would be
Oh and he’s managed to avoid Bucky so far, which is a feat in itself as it’s been a close run thing a couple of times. Why they had to make these shirt collars so tight is beyond him, and the tie feels like it’s strangling him. He notices Wanda over in a corner and decides to go over.
‘Yeah but it means I can’t go on patrols on that weekend and, well, patrols is where I get rid of loads of my excess energy. If I keep saying I’m going to Ned’s then he’s going to start asking me to stay back to spend some “bonding time” together,’ the teen makes a face. ‘Which would be fine, but there’s only so many times I can say no before he’s going to start thinking I’ve got a problem with him, and then that’s going to cause an argument, or maybe more than one. And if May starts shouting I get upset, and then she gets upset and then there’s the possibility of
remember that time, it’s…it’s not who I am now. Nothing that happened there was good, except that it gave me the skills that makes me useful to the team.’
‘Room service?’ she suggests. ‘I’m a little tired if I’m honest. Let’s save the restaurants for the next few days.’
Please do let me know what you think of this chapter and where the story is going. Be interesting to have your input, as I've said before this whole instalment came out of one person's comment on wanting to see Bucky and Peter fight each other.
‘You sure you ain’t just being paranoid?’ Sam raises an eyebrow at her. ‘I mean we have literally got the entirety of the world’s press here.’
‘Bucky? Yeah he’s down in room C3. Here I’ll show you,’ she says, ‘it’s time I go and take his obs anyway.’
Tony’s quiet for so long that Steve sighs and turns to walk back inside. ‘Why do we keep doing this to each other, Steve?’ the inventor’s quiet question stops him. ‘Ever since the Accords we just seem to find an argument in everything.’
‘Of course,’ FRIDAY says as he finishes his routine and heads towards the door. ‘Would you like me to send a message to Doctor Strange to let him know you will be arriving?’
Peter gets in trouble with Bruce thanks to Wade, and gets some help when Flash corners him in the dining hall
‘But we did not the second time, my friend, and that is the main thing,’ Thor reminds him, steering them back towards the shop. ‘I’m glad I have the chance to speak to you, my friend, I’ve been meaning to ask you about my brother.’
Peter hops up onto a bar stool and tries to look more confident than he feels, reminding himself that if he can take out the Winter Soldier he can take on the mercenaries in this place. ‘I’m looking for a merc and hoping you can help.’
He sighs. ‘But it was also exhausting. Balancing expectations, dealing with the reception from the Asgardians, trying to keep my humour high for Thor’s sake,’ he sighs again, ‘never have I felt the weight of being a leader as I did these past weeks.’
Natasha and Clint are thrown aside like they’re dolls. Thor goes to intercept him, but he too is thrown aside. Then all Tony can see is Thanos.
‘Nat! I found him!’ Bucky shouts, grinning down at the merc below him. ‘Nice of you to wait for us, Wade.’
Both children had made amazing progress since they’d first arrived, and they had weekly meeting with Doctor Banner, a child psychologist whose mild manner and easy smile both children had quickly fallen in love with. There were very few nights, however, when they’d both sleep through without one or both of them waking up from nightmares; and there were some nights, like tonight, where they were going to struggle to get to sleep as memories came back to haunt them.
‘Only at Christmas,’ Sam laughs, slinging an arm around her shoulders and pulling her into a one armed hug. ‘It’s the only time of the year she and Pete are in charge. The rest of the time they…
‘I know you’re covered in scars, Wade,’ Nick says, eye unwavering in its stare, ‘I also know how and why you got them. Ain’t no point in trying to hide them for long, you’re not going to make friends by hiding away.’
‘Boys versus Girls,’ Natasha’s grin is predatory. She, Valkyrie, Shuri and Carol are still standing for the girls; Loki, Bucky, Thor and Steve for the boys.
‘We’ve been through this, Pete,’ Wade sighs, rubbing the back of his head, ‘I can’t have you put on their radar; the only reason Snowflake and Mommy Spider-’
‘I take it Bucky was injured as well as Sam and Wanda? Take me to the three of them and I shall see if I can be of assistance,’ Loki cuts off his brother.
Wade helps Tony to clear away the plates and they send everyone back downstairs. He notices the look Steve sends him before following everyone downstairs, but he just rolls his eyes at his boyfriend. He’s not going to be
‘Loki learnt them all,’ Thor defends himself. ‘He was the one who did all that side of the ceremonial parts, I did the hunting and the stories.’
‘Give me two minutes to get to you first,’ Tony cuts across the conversation. ‘Rhodey’s calling the shots here, but we do need to cause enough of a distraction for the two of them to get in. You two focus on getting Pete’s mask, then join in getting everyone out. Especially Dr Monroe. Seems she’s guest of honour at a house party.’
‘True,’ he sighs, taking Steve’s hand in his, ‘how about after New Year once everyone’s gone we sneak away for a break somewhere for a few days? Just you and me. I’m sure these guys will survive without us.’
‘I got you a little something extra as well,’ she says, helping him slip the band Wanda had made him over his wrist.
‘I do not want to know,’ Bruce groans, and he and Rhodes begin to shepherd the panicking customers and staff of the café out of the back doors.
The girl simply cackles as her character apparently send’s Peter’s off the track, putting her in first place.
‘Buckaroo I’ve never known Rhodey lose a shooting competition. There was even this one time he was so drunk he could barely stand up straight, yet he still managed to beat two stone-cold sober rookies.’
Wade smiles and kisses him again. ‘I know, but I still want to sweep you off your feet. Just a couple more months, Baby Boy, then I’ll make sure you can’t walk straight so everyone will know just by looking at you what you’ve been up to.’
, Wade, I didn’t try and plan to make it a reality,’ he sighs, looking down from Wade’s eyes to his chest, ‘what if I end up inadvertently getting kids hurt because they think they can become superheroes when they’re just kids too?’
‘That’s true,’ Wanda muses. ‘We’ve already weakened the connections through targeting the actions linked to the words, and with healing recent scarring as well as old it may have weakened the connections even more.’
‘You’d have thought after last time we’d have learned not to try and keep stuff from each other,’ he laughs.
The announcer walks back up to the microphone and takes it from the stand as the applause starts to die down, walking down to the floor. ‘Thank you Colonel. Now to start the Gala we have the charity dance! So can we please clear a space on the floor for the three couples? Thank you. Now as you know you were all given the opportunity to place a silent bid to have the first dance with one of our three Avengers.’ Steve ignores the elbow Bucky digs into his side. ‘So first let me welcome the three dancers to the floor. First is our very own Iron Man: Tony Stark!’ There’s a ripple of applause, and a few cat calls, as Tony makes his way towards the announcer in the centre of the cleared area, a big smile for the crowd and a small wave.
Bucky just shakes his head. ‘How do you…how do you tell someone you remember that? After everything I’ve done. Everything I’ve done to
‘Oh no, don’t even think about making this a regular thing,’ he says, eyes not leaving the balls on the table; he grins as he pots one from the break and shrugs at the groan from his opponent.
‘Pete I want this more than all the unicorns in the universe. What I don’t want is to fuck this up by doing it before you’re of a legal age.’
‘Loki, Thor and Valkyrie still look at it as an extension of their Yule celebrations,’ Peter adds as he jumps down to join them, ‘and that’s very different to what we celebrate it as. Just look at it as an excuse to study human behaviour and decide if it’s something you want to join in with in the future.’
Peter’s gone bright red to the roots of his hair and he hides his face in his hands. ‘I can’t believe this is happening.’
Wait…that’s the sound of someone moving above me. Fuck it better not be Francis. I do not want to listen to that fucker droning on right now. Not when I can’t shoot him in the face.
‘Thank you,’ Tony cuts off whatever Bucky was going to say. ‘Whether you can help or not, I appreciate the offer.’
Tony just nods, unable to form any words, and squeezes his hand. Steve tries not to panic at the lack of strength.
‘Hoping you might actually follow one for once,’ Steve says, and Tony manages to focus enough to see tears in those blue eyes.
Clint’s curse is cut off by the arrival of Bucky and Natasha leading the rest of their class into the room, Sam and Wanda bringing up the rear.
‘Yeah, just didn’t eat enough at lunch. I’ll be fine,’ he reassures his friend. Harry reaches into his bag and passes him an apple.
‘And now for our top three bidders,’ the man says as Steve stands next to Natasha, ignoring her small smirk.
‘Yeah,’ he says, ‘just glad to be back home, Dad. I missed everyone.’ He feels Tony’s surprise and wonders if maybe he shouldn’t have said that. ‘Sorry, I mean- do you mind if I call you that? I know I have done a couple of times but never like this and I just-’
, he thinks. His feet seem to be in working order, as do his legs; although even trying to move them a small amount has lots of pain shooting through his muscles. His chest still hurts, and it doesn’t feel like his lung capacity has increased much. He’s definitely lying on a bed, with a sheet tucked around him, but his arms are free. His left arm shifts and there’s no restraints to block the movement. He frowns as he tries to move the right one and there’s something stopping him from moving.
‘If you take one step towards them I’m kicking you out of the bed for a week,’ Tony warns him. ‘It took
‘Banner and the Beast have had a slight disagreement and now the Hulk is not always appearing,’ Loki explains.
needed help from you?’ Strange asks, an eyebrow raised in challenge. ‘As unlikely as that would be, at the moment everything seems very much geared towards the Avengers.’
‘Wanda there’s something I’ve been meaning to ask you,’ he starts, wishing he was better with words and wondering what he’s going to say next. Everything he’d planned has suddenly vanished from his memory.
she snarls, ripping her hand from my grasp. Then she smiles at me and I start to think maybe I should have let her down gently. ‘You say you’d rather have one lifetime with him? Then that is what you shall get.
‘I’m fine, Cap. Just dodging falling debris, you know the usual. Nat there’s two up top taking pot shots, want to sort it out?’
Before they get within earshot of the man Steve leans to Tony. ‘I thought you didn’t learn people’s names?’
‘Thanks,’ he tries to fight back the blush he can feel rising. Tony’s been organising all this to make sure he felt more comfortable about this whole thing when they’ve barely been talking to each other. He looks over again at the dark haired man, who is expertly guiding his partner through the dance.
It isn’t until three-quarters of the pizza have been destroyed that Tony manages to catch Wade in the kitchenette going for more drinks. ‘Is this where you threaten me or something?’ the mercenary asks, offering him a can of coke.
Fury shakes his head. ‘No one knows her tribe exists and I think we’d be better to keep it that way for now. Protect our allies so they can come to our aid when its needed. Besides we need to earn their trust, and if we expose them to the world that’s going to do nothing but have them shut themselves away even more.’
Despite everything Steve chuckles, remembering the words from their first battle. ‘Yeah, but we picked you up a cheeseburger so I hope you can forgive us.’
Two days later they are downstairs in Tony’s workshop; Bucky is sitting in a chair that Tony’s adapted his ‘memory machine’ to fit, Wanda and Vision are waiting nearby.
‘You are not helping,’ Loki can practically hear the scowl in Steve’s voice. The occupants of the kitchen have gone silent to listen to the exchange as they continue their tasks.
‘Lorena,’ Loki calls for his second in command, ‘I want you to take the Tesseract and run. Do not tell me where you are going, just go. Travel away from this world, away from Jotunheim. I shall send word to Jotunheim when we have secured victory and it is safe for you to return, until then you must not spend too long in any one place. Thanos cannot know where this is. If he cannot get all of the stones we may have a chance even if we do not win here today.’
‘In her letter she told me to find someone to make them with like the two of us used to,’ he admits.
,’ he hisses, looking around the people around them. ‘I’m not- I mean we’re- but you know it’s more of a-’
Tony looks at the phone in his hand, spinning it between finger and thumb as he debates whether or not to make the call. He isn’t sure what is bothering him more: the voice he’ll hear on the other end, or the fact he’ll have to make it on such an antique. Trust that man to send him what was in all likelihood the oldest phone he could get his hands on.
‘Yeah let in the Star Spangled Banner,’ he says absently, still scrawling through the screens in front of him.
‘Why is the reactor still in my chest?’ he asks, fear tightening around his throat and making his voice sound strained. ‘Were they waiting for me to heal up from everything else before putting my body through the surgery?’ When the soldier doesn’t respond Tony starts to panic, the monitors telling both occupants that his heart rate was increasing. ‘Steve why haven’t they taken it out?’
‘There he is!’ Bucky catches sight of the two of them, a grin lighting up his face. ‘You do realise we’ve been waiting ages right? And aren’t interns supposed to bring coffee?’
’ Peter’s eyes are so wide it’s almost painful as he looks around one of the biggest libraries he has ever seen in his life.
‘-and FRIDAY will notify us as soon as someone has stepped out of bounds,’ Steve finishes with a frown at Clint. ‘FRIDAY is the AI who runs this facility, and she’ll be happy to help with anything you need. Care to introduce yourself, FRI?’
Lautenus cuts her off with a chocked sound, it’s then Bucky sees the tip coming from the Jotun’s chest.
‘Is it just me,’ Wade laughs, slinging an arm around his waist and turning him around, ‘or are you encouraging them to start young?’
It’s nearly a month since she arrived back in America and rejoined the team; she and Tony spent most mornings downstairs in the training room working on improving her control of her powers. She isn’t sure how he manages to fit in training with her, running out most afternoons to meet with Ross and the committee, keep up with his own training and inventing, made sure he was back almost every night for dinner with the team, and still manage to look after himself.
The team reassures Peter the evening before the trip is due to start. And a new student at schools ends up being a face from Peter's past.
‘Hello gentlemen,’ Tony greets the squad as they enter the meeting room, he’s wearing another suit, but this time there’s no tie and his top button is undone, and Steve hadn’t realised quite how attractive he found the man until he finds himself facing him again. ‘Please take a seat,’ the inventor gestures to the chairs set around the table, ‘anyone want anything to drink?’
find some way to kill you permanently. And if anything over PG happens before he turns eighteen I will find a way to castrate you permanently. Is that understood?’
Wanda and Vision have an unexpected emergency, Steve and Bucky have a chat, and Natasha goes to Strange for help when she realises their friends are missing.
Tony shakes his head. ‘As heartless as this sounds, if any of the Avengers are lost we can always find someone to replace the gap, either in a suit of armour or because we’re lucky enough to stumble across someone else with incredible gifts. I was scared we’d lose
‘Tony when you get tired you get even more blinkered than normal. Just take a quick ten minute break to grab something other than coffee. I imagine your eyes are starting to sting.’
‘Must admit I’m impressed with your instincts, Pete,’ Steve says. ‘You recognised the room straight away despite everything we did to throw you off the scent.’
‘Nice to know I’m appreciated at least,’ he smirks at her. ‘Now, I shall attempt to explain this in a much simpler way than my brother. And the
Bucky looks at his friend in despair. ‘It’s sad day when that phrase comes out of your mouth.’ Then he rounds on the mercenary. ‘And shouldn’t you be encouraging wild behaviour?’
‘He’s out at the moment visiting the guys at the base Wanda does her demonstrations at,’ Steve tells him. ‘You could wait till after dinner to speak to him, or ask Tony.’ He detects a hint of sympathy in the Captain’s voice.
‘You’ve got a flight booked for tomorrow evening,’ Hill says, sliding a packet with flight tickets in across the table. ‘We’ve booked you into a hotel for tonight so you can rest and join the others tomorrow. Someone will meet you once you land and take you to where the team are staying during the talks.’
‘That looks like the Bifrost that Thor used to travel on,’ Steve takes a couple of steps along the picture and points at a multi-coloured patch. He looks over at Bucky. ‘Think we should get Loki’s opinion? It might give us a clue as to what the Jotuns are doing here.’
‘Yes, Captain,’ he says a little louder, then he turns to Natasha. ‘Just make sure he remembers to put the safety back on his guns, he’s always forgetting and accidentally shooting something. Normally his own foot.’
‘Missed you too, sunshine. Now let me guess: Cap sent you to make sure I didn’t get his best friend arrested?’ he hopes he keeps the bitterness out of his last statement. It’s not that he feels any kind of anger or jealously towards Bucky any more, the guy’s become a good friend in the time he’s been here. If he’s honest with himself, which he is more often than people realise, he’s upset that Steve hasn’t been in touch.
‘Not even dear Doctor Strange was enough to help you,’ she taunts and Wanda forces herself to look up, Strange is looking exactly how she feels and she can see his hands shaking from here.
He looks into the earnest blue eyes, showing all the concern the rest of the team must be feeling as well as him, and suddenly Tony realises exactly how tired, how
Tony would be lying if he said the comment about Steve helping because he felt it was his responsibility hadn’t hurt a little; but during their chats the blond had actually seemed to be genuinely worried about him so he hoped duty wasn’t his only reason for wanting to help.
‘We did get a normal sized tree,’ Steve reassures him, coming up and putting an arm around his waist.
Thank you so much for all the lovely comments that have been left on this story so far. Please do let me know what you think. I've changed around the order of how the next few stories are going to go, so it'd be interesting to hear what you all think as I'm still in the planning stages.
Tony gives a small smile and picks the pieces of the repulsor up again. ‘Thanks, Sam. For everything.’
Tony feels that everything goes in slow motion as he sees Thanos lift his hand, the concealed knife now in plain view, and he sends it flying towards Peter, whose face is no longer covered by the mask of his suit.
‘I’ve known where you live for months,’ Tony replies. ‘Wow and Steve thought my room was bad when he moved in.’
Loki tries his best not to jump, but from the smirk on Bucky’s face he’s certain he failed. ‘Will you stop sneaking up on me?’
‘You know if you’d said you wanted a hand I would have come with you and helped,’ she tells him, standing up from the couch.
Wade fixes him with a hard look. ‘Please don’t tell me you’re going to pull the same stunt with the whole team?’
‘She is,’ she nods, ‘Strange agreed it was safe and probably for the best. Besides they aren’t going to be that far from the Sanctum so he’ll be able to help should they need anything.’
‘And I love walls that don’t have hand and foot prints all over them,’ May counters from her seat next to Mama. ‘I’m sure the Avengers would appreciate their walls being free of them as well.’
He was in a bad mood and he wanted to web someone up. Maybe upside down. Hey he was in a particularly foul mood.
Valkyrie shrugs. ‘Would you have wanted her to shut herself off from everyone just because you weren’t there?’
Strange wipes the yoke from his face and frowns at Sam. ‘Never,’ he says, ‘take on a Master of the Mystic Arts in a food fight.’ His hand appears in front of Sam through a portal, picking up three eggs, then he proceeds to pelt Sam with them from different angles through different portals as the poor man does his best to dodge them.
‘But if she’s using that to try and get a response, that implies there is a grain of truth to the statement. You feel affection for Captain-’
‘Come on,’ Steve gently leads Tony to the bathroom, sitting him down on the toilet while he starts the water running into the bathtub. ‘Didn’t think you’d feel up to standing?’
‘They have families,’ Tony explains. ‘Let them come back on the understanding they are retired and are not to return to the field in any way unless called upon by us. Their equipment could be left with a neutral party that both sides can trust.’
‘Stop making up excuses and move your ass!’ Bucky all but drags him from his chair and towards the elevator. ‘Come on, it’s just a quick lap of the facility.’
Even before Ultron and his rapid exit from Earth Bruce has avoided the training room. Anything that might accidentally bring out the Other Guy is always a good thing to avoid and, unfortunately, his teammates pranking antics during training have always been high on the list of things to avoid.
‘Says the person who didn’t want to join in the first place,’ Wanda teases him, laughing as he sticks his tongue out at her. ‘You going to join us every week?’
‘Peter Parker is Spiderman,’ Tony replies, heading for the door. ‘You met him in Germany. Now suit up everyone we’ll review everything on the way.’
‘I’ll give you the name of my hair dye brand,’ she says with a smile, then unfolds her arms and goes towards Peter’s bedroom. ‘Now let’s see if I can find out what’s eating him.’
The two of them watch the team’s two leaders. They’re far enough away they can’t hear what is said but Natasha can read it in their body language. Steve’s agitation as he tells Tony what happened, him nearly crumpling to the floor when he tells the inventor Bucky and Wanda have been taken. Tony barely able to keep the soldier steady, pulling him into an embrace and running his fingers through the blond’s hair, trying to calm and comfort even though he’s barely holding it together himself.
‘I’d like to know,’ one of the mothers says, ‘if you honestly think the Winter Soldier is safe, having met him.’
,’ Cassie pouts, ‘I want to have a group of super friends just like you and go and help people and save the world and-’
‘It’s coloured powder,’ he explains, ‘whenever I take her new tech to test out I usually put some testing powder in there. One time we were testing something out and I forgot I’d made a batch of blue powder and we got covered in the stuff; seems like she’s giving me a few more colours to work with for next time.’
Thor’s face, so unsure since the loss of their friends, suddenly turns determined. ‘Indeed, brother, it shall. We shall not rest until they are safe.’
After four days of staking out the lab with the two men Natasha was ready to throttle both of them. Either they’re making stupid adolescent jokes that even Peter wouldn’t consider making, or they’re at each other’s throats and she’s having to stop one from killing or maiming the other.
‘Huh,’ he replies, and heads towards the climbing wall that they’d taken all of the handholds off for the web-slinger to use.
‘I do, but she still managed to catch me off guard. Plus I wasn’t really paying attention to them, since we were in, you know,
‘Nick would be one,’ he replies, ‘he’s got the most experience building and maintaining an information network, plus he’s dealt with various councils and has experience leading the team before. Steve would be another.’
Steve laughs. ‘Well now I can’t have that can I?’ Then his expression turns unsure. ‘Tony are you sure-’
A/N: Hi everyone. I hope you enjoyed this chapter and the appearance of Harry Osborn into the series. Thank you so much for the support that everyone has shown to this story so far. Do let me know what you think of this chapter.
Thor sighs, looking at the drink swirling in the bottom of his mug. ‘I wish he were with us,’ he admits. ‘I forgot how much I relied on his silver tongue in these situations. Truly I am beginning to wonder how I was able to accomplish
‘You’ll miss more than half a year if you don’t get out of my city,’ the man says, the dark red suit almost blending him into the shadows around them.
‘I’m not entirely sure I can, Cap,’ Wade admits, ‘not fully anyway. All I know is this is what caused whatever happened to happen,’ he pulls out a contraption from his bag and sets it on the table in the middle of the group. ‘I had a friend called Cable, who was able to travel through time using that device. It got broken when we met and found a way to stop an apocalypse, but that’s another story for another time.’
‘Could be,’ he says, voice cracking a little. He knows his face is bright red as the merc swings his face round to look at him, eyes of the mask wide. Steeling his nerves he takes a deep breath. ‘Please?’
Loki laughs. ‘To mortals here on Midgard yes he was. But even the wisest cannot see all possible outcomes of their actions, for that you need the gift of foresight and even that comes with its own difficulties as its down to how you interpret your visions.’
‘Well I wouldn’t say “happy” is the best word to describe it. Let’s just say I’ve got a lot of making up to do in the future.’
‘If only that were true,’ Rhodes says coming over to stand next to him, ‘I wouldn’t have to fork out so much money on headache pills.’
‘Every time I call her I usually do something wrong,’ he whines, ‘it’s like speaking to the headmistress.’
‘Hey, did I hear this kid mention Tony Stark?’ another of the men says, nudging the back of Ned’s head with the end of his gun.
‘I know. But Peter’s special, Ms Parker. More special than any other boy his age. He’s incredibly smart and his heart is in the right place. But he also has these powers, and if he doesn’t find a way to control them he may end up getting caught and used as some kind of experiment by the military, or by someone with less than honourable intentions. He keeps the mask people look out for the suit; they focus on
,’ Peter rolls his eyes, ‘that makes me sound like Bucky.’ Steve can’t stop his laugh at this. ‘And I’ve been here since the start. I helped carry Vision in. Not my fault you get more distracted by your tech than Tony does. Plus I’m wearing bright red and blue, how did you miss that?’ T’Challa laughs at this. ‘My name’s Peter by the way, nice to meet you. And what I said was: would that be because Ultron was trying to make sure he could control the stone?’
‘Really? Because you really don’t look like you are. You haven’t been over-working yourself have you? Because the doctors said you haven’t recovered enough yet and you don’t want to-’
‘I did attend one or two in the past,’ Loki admits, ‘when I was travelling the galaxy incognito, and they were not too dissimilar. I imagine they are very much like what our ancestors would have done to celebrate Yule.’
Before Peter can reply his senses go haywire and he feels something pressing into the back of his head through the mask. The merc’s eyes go wide and he scrambles to his feet.
‘Thor sit down,’ Steve sighs, ‘and Buck, back off.’ Then the soldier turns to look at his brother. ‘What do you mean, Thor?’
Steve hears the tempo of the music changing from inside the venue and pushes away from the railing. Before he can give himself time to consider he extends a hand towards Tony. The billionaire raises an eyebrow. ‘I thought it seemed a shame for you not to get to appreciate some of the fruits of your labour,’ he answers with a shrug. ‘I promise not to step on your toes. Well as much as before.’
‘Don’t pull that crap, Tony,’ Rhodes says from his seat on the couch. He winces recognising that tone and knowing he’s up the proverbial creek without a boat, let alone a paddle. ‘You told me you’d gotten over the worst of the hydrophobia. What else about your mental and physical health have you been keeping secret?’
‘Thank you, sir, though you may have to wait until after the ceremony. At the moment I feel like I may faint half way through.’ Bucky laughs behind him and Steve digs an elbow into the soldier’s gut, earning himself a groan.
Natasha notices a range of emotions crossing Wanda’s face from the corner of her eye as she looks at Quill. First comes surprise, then something like sadness, then understanding, before she turns a brilliant smile on the group and strides forwards, taking Quill by the arm and dragging him down the walkway and towards the facility.
‘Hey did you guys know Scott has a girlfriend?’ the red-suited man asks, as he straightens, the gauntlet, and Thanos’ arm in his one hand. ‘Scott has a girlfriend, and she’s got a bug suit just like him!’
‘Now,’ he sighs, ‘I suppose I should join in the revels and talk with the other rulers. And to think: once I actually desired all of this responsibility.’
‘Wade Wilson,’ Francis turns to face me, a huge smug grin on his stupid ass face, the click of guns like a really bad accompaniment, ‘of course it would be you. How many other people could manage to be so irritating?’
‘Encourage might be too strong a word,’ he ruffles the kid’s hair, ‘but I’m saying that if you do decide this is what you want to do then you have my full support. Which means I won’t let Bucky kill him.’
‘Yes, Colonel Killjoy,’ Bucky rolls his eyes. ‘We promise not to misbehave, now put the kiddie reins away.’
‘Hey Parker! Your pimps decided to let you come back to school then?’ Flash’s obnoxious voice calls out as they enter their classroom.
‘One more afternoon,’ Tony groans as he sinks back into the chair once the waitress leaves with their order, ‘one more afternoon and then we can leave. One more afternoon and I don’t have to look at that goddamn smarmy face of that bastard’s lawyer and
Anyhoo: save Tin Can, Stony actually get together and everyone seems happy. Then they work out Ross is working with HYDRA and Tin Can decides to get Fury to help him change the Accords and break the Avengers away from the UN. Oh and then Thor, Banner and Loki turn up with some Asgardians and warn everyone about Thanos. Basically then it’s just planning until Loki sends Thor and Valkyrie off to get a replacement hammer.
‘After you buttercup.’ All he gets in response is an eyeroll as Steve walks past him and pushes open the door to the Sanctum.
‘Sometimes,’ he starts slowly, ‘even though I only knew him for a few days, I still wonder if something that is happening is real or if it’s one of Beck’s illusions. Somehow, he knew things that I was scared of, even though I hadn’t told him, and he made his illusions fit that. Like when I thought I’d killed you…’ he takes a deep breath, ‘one of the first ones though, it might have even been the first one he showed me, I thought it was footage from a security camera or something. It showed the team and you were all discussing a mission you had to do, but then someone said that you had to keep it from me because I’d just screw it up like I had before because I’m too young to be a superhero and to be on the team and…everyone was agreeing.’
‘Leave this place,’ Loki says again, ‘please. Do not start a potential war with Midgard. We do not need to come to blows.’
Tony waves him off as he heads towards the bar. ‘Long day,’ he says. ‘Man I need a drink. Anyone else want one?’ he offers as he pulls out glasses and a bottle of whiskey. Steve shakes his head but the others nod.
‘If Beck was working with HYDRA,’ Peter finds his voice again, ‘they could have access to his tech. In which case they really could be hiding next door and we wouldn’t know.’
Wade throws his training sticks to the side and holds his hands up in surrender. ‘Alright, no more for today.’
So Iron Man gets all mopey and decides he wants to get the team back. So he does, altering the Accords and getting the Rogues back one at a time and making sure everyone’s one nice big happy family. Petey-Perfect-Pumpkin-Pie gets a new friend. Yes that’s me. But he’s smart enough to keep it away from the Avengers at first, and surprisingly enough (yes I would like some sauce with my sarcasm, thank you) they all love him. Iron Man goes all Iron Dad on him; Widow gets herself a Baby Spider; Wanda decides to adopt herself a new brother. Really it is all one big happy family. Sickening right?
‘You obviously haven’t seen the media footage from the time of the accident. At first it was all sympathy and what a great man he was. Then it was ‘Well if he wasn’t dealing in weapons maybe he wouldn’t have ended up like that’. The kind of crap I imagine they pulled when I was taken in Afghanistan.’
Peter opens his mouth to argue with the sorcerer but closes it again and looks down with a frown at the look on Doctor Strange’s face. He knows when he won’t win an argument. ‘It’s harder than I thought it would be,’ he admits.
Tony jolts awake, heart beating fast as he takes gasping breaths, hand reaching up to cradle the reactor in his chest.
There’s a chorus of laughter as Steve scowls at his friend. ‘And just for that comment, Bucky, you can sit out on the side lines and watch during the demonstration.’
Loki doesn’t realise he’s shouted out loud as well as in his head until Natasha’s panicked face appears in front of him. He looks down at her as she places her hands on either side of his face, finally registering the fact he’s standing.
Tony sighs. ‘I don’t do realistic very well, you should know that after I made an arc reactor in a cave.’
me you wanted some that had different functions. It’s basically the same thing I did for Clint on his quiver.’
Bruce nods. ‘Yeah, it seems he was actually controlling Loki with the mind stone, just like Loki did with Clint and Selvig.’
Thank you so much to everyone who has left comments and kudos, I'm sorry I haven't been able to respond yet but I will as soon as I've got more of this story written. Do please let me know what you think of these chapters. Also I shall be starting to decide what the next projects are once this is finished so head over to the final chapter of Tales From The Training for the list, or leave a comment with any requests. My list is getting longer and longer which is amazing!
Peter looks down at his hands in his lap. ‘I mean I was just trying to get rid of enough energy that I wouldn’t need to do anything tomorrow,’ he tries to defend himself.
‘Since I know that if you come along you’re just going to be kicking up a fuss about that damned arm of Barnes’ and I am
Wanda laughs. ‘Maybe web slinging is not the best way to decorate a tree. Or maybe next year you should try climbing it.’
‘Right sorry,’ Peter puts up his hands in a placating action. ‘You are completely nuts, just not a complete arsehole.’
The smile Tony gives is much easier than before. ‘I’m glad. Have you tried using it as you would in a combat situation?’
‘Am I not allowed to be genuinely curious? Besides this has just come out of the blue!’ Bucky addresses his statement to Peter, rather than to him and Loki resists the urge to smirk. He needs to not provoke the team if he is to stay here.
‘Any luck on getting through EDITH?’ Tony asks, trying not to panic as he sees the drones aiming towards the bridge.
‘But anyway, it got broke and he just put it away. So I thought: hey I know some smart people, I’ll see if Negasonic Teenage Warhead can fix it.’
‘Where is your homework for this week, Parker? This is the second piece you’ve failed to hand in on time.’
‘He’s fine!’ the man says. ‘Well he’s going to have a killer headache when he wakes up, but other than that he’s fine. Do you not trust me baby boy?’
‘Bucky leave it!’ Sam’s voice stops the former assassin, the Falcon kneels down next to Peter. ‘You alright Pete?’
Despite best intentions Steve is the only one who is still awake when the elevator doors open and Tony walks in, bleary eyed and steps sluggish. It’s probably for the best though, having the whole team trying to talk to him when he’s this tired was only going to end in a fight.
‘I…I won’t tell, Peter,’ Betty says, voice sounding a little scared. ‘After what happened with Mysterio…well I guess I understand why you want to keep it secret.’
up and you’ll be fine for tomorrow. But I suggest finding a way to get some more food into you for the rest of the visit.’
Peter casts one last mournful glance at the food he hadn’t managed to eat, before turning and following everyone else out of the room, his stomach still grumbling.
‘We’re about to take on HYDRA,’ she raises an eyebrow, ‘and you want us to keep the stone that has the power to
‘Please, just leave. I swear you have become a mother hen since meeting the Avengers. Although from what Loki has told me you’ve always been this bad.’
Loki looks away from the penetrating blue eyes. ‘You seem to think you can read me, Winter Warrior, I’d advise caution. I don’t tend to stay too long in one place, necessity of defeating our enemy has kept me here longer than intended.’
‘Let Cap sit down, kid,’ Tony laughs. Once the blond has returned to his seat he gives everyone the go ahead to open their gifts.
‘Indeed, I have just speaking with Fury. The Avengers should be there by late afternoon, we hope to arrive a little before them.’ He notices the conflict in her eyes. ‘What is it?’
‘Piss off,’ Tony mumbles into the chuckling chest beneath him, thankfully too low for any of the kids to hear. ‘Wait. Peter was drinking last night?’
‘It’s like you don’t trust me,’ Tony says in mock offense. Steve just rolls his eyes and plants a quick kiss to his lips.
A/N: Please don't hate me for what I did to Tony! I still love you all I promise. Err...hope you enjoyed the chapter?
‘Wade don’t feel like you have to invite anyone,’ Steve reassures him, ‘but you’re a part of this team and we’d like to be able to meet some of your friends.’
‘No I…’ Thor trails off and looks through the window, the eyepatch making him look more like Odin than he ever has before. ‘Something inside of me believes that what has happened between us, the trouble between us, only started because I did not make it clear how much I care for you, Loki. I did not want to make the same mistake again,’ he turns back to look at him, and Loki is surprised at the wetness in Thor’s eye. ‘Now that we are on the same side, brother, I do not want to give you reason to doubt again.’
I am. I don’t care what destiny has written for me; I will make my own destiny. I will find a way to harness my powers and I’ll destroy myself before I destroy those closest to me.’ Wanda can feel her magic flowing around her, her hair whipping around her face. ‘And I will not let you try and use me to hurt them again.’ She wraps Agatha in her magic and sends her plummeting to the floor.
A/N: Hello everyone! The first parts of the Christmas story are now up and I hope you're enjoying them. The next two chapters will be up next week and are set on Christmas Eve. I'm aiming to post the last bits of the story on Christmas Eve itself.
‘Alright, decide on your goalkeepers and get into position. Two minutes till whistle goes,’ Rhodes says.
‘Because Peter can keep his mouth shut,’ she replies, then turns to him. ‘Come on, Pete we better make a move if we’re going to make it back in time for dinner. Wanda’s cooking tonight with Vision.’
Natasha had worried that T’Challa might go on a revenge filled mission like he did when his father was killed, but he had been more subdued this time and had followed Okoye’s suggestions without comment. Something she knew had worried the King’s Guard.
A/N: Hi everyone! I hope you enjoyed this chapter, now things are going to start picking up from the enemy side of things, sorry I know it's taken a while. It looks like there's going to be around fifty two chapters in total for this story, and I've nearly finished writing them all. I've also been getting some really good suggestions for specials or things to include in the story which I shall hopefully be getting started on soon.
‘You promise to only hurt people who are bad, right? I’m letting you go because you gave me your word.’
Just as Peter’s turning away from staring at a very intricately carved staff and wondering if he should get Natasha to teach him how to fight with one he hears something behind him and spins around. ‘Oh it’s you,’ he laughs as the Cloak comes forwards to give him it’s version of a hug. ‘I was wondering how long I was going to have to wander around here until someone found me. Is the Doc here?’
‘Let me guess he’s managed to hurt himself and doesn’t want to go to the medical wing,’ Bruce sighs, ‘I swear if he ends up being as bad as Tony I’m going on strike.’ The kid wasn’t quite as bad as Tony in a lot of ways yet, but the scientist has a feeling that if he continues spending so much time with the billionaire then it’s only a matter of time before Tony has his own mini-me.
‘Some of the public are forming a ring around an area for us. I shall go and start to take some of the broken parts there now to lighten the load,’ he tells her, taking to the skies and taking a large chunk of debris from her pile. Immediately she feels a small sense of relief and grits her teeth.
‘Come on through, both of you,’ he gestures for them to follow him, ‘I’ll take you through and run some tests. Maybe I should try and get your check-up done at the same time, Mister Stark, seeing as this is the first time I’ve had you in the medical wing of your own free will.’
‘Get out!’ Tony’s eyes go wide as he spins to see Peter walking through the door. The boy pauses in shock. Bucky reacts the quickest out of everyone and leaps in front of the boy, bringing him close to his chest so he’s hidden from Hammer’s view.
His brother races towards Thanos, the hammer spinning in his hand, and he sends the Titan flying backwards with an uppercut from the hammer. Then he turns to Thor, a smile on his face and holds out the weapon. ‘Thank you for letting me borrow this, brother.’
‘Where did you want to go now?’ she asks, as they pause on a bridge crossing a small stream, the trees around them are filled with fairy lights and there’s no one else around.
‘Huh? Oh, I mean I know you and Tony gave Ultron the chance to come about then, but it wasn’t entirely your fault he happened. I mean he was sentient right from the beginning right?’
‘Definite challenge,’ Wade agrees, grinning at an exasperated Peter. ‘What do you think, Widow? Just the head?’
Steve nods. ‘T’Challa said he’d be ready to get us home within three days of you getting the all clear. He’s going to speak with Tony and Secretary Ross to arrange it all in the morning. I’ll be back with you soon.’
‘It was so boring!’ Ned exclaims, much more comfortable with the girl than he is any of the other team members. ‘You are so lucky you don’t have to go anymore.’
‘He’s made it clear that nothing is going to happen until I’m old enough though,’ and Tony really has to bite his lip to stop from laughing at the petulant tone in the teenager’s voice.
‘Because the comments from certain classmates are going to be bad enough when we get here, I don’t need to add any more fuel to the fire,’ Peter grumbles.
‘Peter why don’t you help Sam and Wanda take the first group round to the labs first and then you can stay there and get on with the work Tony has for you while they finish the rest of the tour?’ Steve suggests.
the door opens and Tony steps through into the old kitchen. As the team files in behind him, some of them going back out for the boxes of food, he has to fight off the swarm of memories that flood him as he looks around the old kitchen. He can almost hear Ana’s scolding at how much dust and dirt he’s allowed to gather on her work surfaces, and moaning at the fact the salt cellar had been knocked off the shelf, spilling its contents onto the table and down onto the floor. If he closes his eyes he can smell dinner in the oven and hear Jarvis’ rhythmic slice and thud as he chops vegetables for Ana.
Peter shakes his head. ‘He’s trying to give people confidence in the team again. Germany kind of ruined that.’
‘No but you still enjoy drinking it,’ Tony replies with a smirk. He pours them a glass each and then takes a seat the other side. ‘Listen I’m not going to lie and say that wasn’t fucking hard to watch, nor am I going to say I can ever forget that,’ he sees Bucky wince and sighs, ‘but I’d already forgiven you before you even got on that plane to come back, Bucky.’
