"You're amazing," Castiel said softly when they were seated on a thick blanket pulled out from the trunk and draped over a comfortable log. “Your heart is so pure and beautiful. You are utterly amazing.”
----------
“No actually, babe, you know what?” the younger man turned up his face to gaze fondly at his fiancé, “I don’t mind at all because I want you to shut them up once. We both take turns,” Dean said proudly, leveling his eyes on his brother who remained speechless. “The best analogy would be like flipping a burger so that both sides get cooked evenly. We
"I told you not to think about him that way."
"Would you like me to take you there?"
After reaching the door to the apartment, Dean thankfully pulled out his key and fitted it into the lock and then showing as much appreciation as he could to Garth, he accepted the rest of the responsibility on his own. Getting Castiel onto the bed, holding him up so that his leather jacket could be pulled off, discarding the sweater and then the jersey underneath. Moving to his pants and unbuckling the belt before unzipping, the sounds filling the heavy silence around them at almost two in the morning. And by the time Dean fitted the older man's legs into a pair of heavy slacks, he was very much conscious of those soaked boxers that he tossed along with the rest of clothing in the laundry basket.
“Make sure you hold the ladder whilst one of you climb up,” Sam’s suggestive smile and wink didn’t go unnoticed by the other two men. “And don’t check each other’s asses out. That’s totally not what I mean.”
“So, I was nine. And…” Dean’s eyes lingered on the other man’s neck and boldly, he played his fingers on Castiel’s blushed skin. “My mom had to make a public appearance at the HIV/AIDS Ward at Saint Andrew’s Hospital. She’s always been more active than John when it comes to caring for people and showing it. Anyway, so she told me to wait in the car because I was throwing a tantrum. And I got out of the car and ran after her.”
“I swear I’ll –” when Dean advanced on her, demon knife posed for the ultimate end result, she faltered.
“Yeah, walk away Winchester. You and your good looks and good brains too much all of a sudden to be with jocks like us.”
“Our endgame here, is to defeat Chuck, place Jack on the throne, per say—”
"I suppose marketing can be twisted to accommodate all sorts of playfulness. You'd do quite well in such an area."
It was the next day, a cold Sunday afternoon when he decided to pay a surprise visit to Castiel just to learn of the developments with Crowley.
Castiel frowned, dressed in a very attractive suit of the darkest blue and incredibly washed over in the scent of everything fruity as usual. The man reeked of apples and warm pineapples and as always, what came to mind was the specific choice of cologne Aventus by Creed. “You are anything but alone; present company included.”
"Don't miss me, Lois," he said softly so that the rest of the room wouldn't hear, although they were all gazing fondly at the pair, "your Superman needs to save the day, okay?"
Everything literally felt like he was walking on fire. Cas couldn't move because he felt so confused and raw inside all of a sudden; it was almost as if last night was leading up to bliss and then this morning they clearly had another hurdle to jump over. It seemed like every single day there was some kind of mental challenge for them to face. And he wondered when this would become easy. When would they reach a point where they didn't have to wander through broken glass?
But the bottom line still remained; that regardless of how he was feeling about Castiel, there was no way he could even consider kissing another man because the whole idea felt like cheating. And from the moment he discovered that the act fitted the label so comfortably without any doubts inside of his mind, Dean determined that he was far too gone instead of skimming on the surface.
“Is it really though?” Castiel asked softly and he buried his right cheek into the soft pillow whilst still gazing at Dean. “I think that it’s worth it to fall in love and hope. And even if it doesn’t happen then at least you’re left with the fleeting feeling of wishing that it did.”
"I'm aware."
"Afterwards," Sam continued, "Dean's been putting on this show for the whole world to see, because sure, he wants to prove that the Royal family is becoming modernized by him. In this day and age, we can't even decide who we want to marry."
Michael glared back. “No.”
"Because…when he's sad, he gets the munchies. And believe me, he has an appetite. Remind me to buy two loaves of bread tomorrow when we're heading back," Dean collected his beer and took a sip. "Cas will probably eat a whole loaf tonight."
"Fuck biology," he said afterwards when they were cleaned up and sitting on the soft cushioned window seat. They were still in his bedroom and Castiel's eyes returned to a soft blue that was so captivating to gaze into. "I want to make a baby with you, dammit."
Dean realized with certainty that Benny still harbored feelings for Castiel’s older brother, feelings that never went away with time but perhaps grew stronger. Judging from his friend’s countenance, he was struggling to withhold so much more information that was too precious to expose and because Dean was never conscious of the two ever entertaining a romance in the past, he suddenly recalled every instance there was.
“I can’t believe it. I am honored to have the King in my house.”
"Shucks," Sam tilted his head, beamed at the ceiling and felt contented. "I share the same sentiments."
“Yeah, we were having a pretty damn elating conversation and then you’re bailing on me. Again,” he provided with his eyes closed and head rolled back onto the chair. “Go back to doing what you’re paid to do.”
Fuck. This was it. The actual moment where he could literally ask a guy out on a date and said guy accepted. The damn world was shifting, he could feel it, shifting into place so that he could caress his own ego.
"How do I feel?" those green eyes fluttered close as Dean began to thrust slowly, inch by inch as he hugged the other man. And the water around them formed into baby waves that flattened out eventually.
Castiel’s seat gave him a direct view of the café below with a horseshoe counter covered in black vinyl. The waitress behind the counter was carefully fixing a coffee machine and the cash register was one of those older models, giving the place an immediately classic look from the early seventies. Coupled with the small booths and older folks plucking books off of shelves whilst slurping up pink smoothies; it was almost like a scene from The Frosty Palace in Grease mixed with a slice of book nerd heaven.
"Just listen to it, okay?" the hunter asked softly, breathing into Cas' neck and hugging him from behind. "Relax. Feel me and breathe."
“I don’t touch myself unless it’s necessary,” Kevin said defensively. “And when I do, everything is all natural.”
“I’m here,” Dean panted into those perfect parted lips. “I’m right here.”
“What in living hell happened?” prying the bottle of merlot from Castiel’s right hand, she rested it on the table and checked him for a fever.
“Do you think Cas knows?” he asked her after she dug around in her satchel and fished out her pink cellphone.
“I remember. Now I just have to show you mine,” and after their eyes met, the older man stretched the bottom of his right sleeve and tugged the material upwards. Then after he turned his wrist to show Dean the exact words written in cursive; green eyes widened.
The familiarity of that face. The popular green eyes that reminded him of lush grass even when he managed to stare into them through a damn television screen. On BBC. On CNN. ABC. Aljazeera. 60 Minutes last fall. But the most injustice of it all was that none of the video footage or photos were capable of capturing what the Prince truly looked like in person.
"Thanks, Cas. I just want a normal life, without the title and expectations and the weight of a damn crown on my head," Dean said sadly. "I want to go out and have a good time and not have a thousand cameras chasing me. Or blogs posting up what I had for breakfast or which gym I'm attending. What the hell I'm wearing…I don't want my life to be publicized every bloody day."
“So, wait,” Dean was tired of remaining silent, because after being kept in the dark for so long, he became angered and frustrated. “Wait one damn minute. You trying to tell me that all of this…was planned out without any of us even knowing, whilst you two alongside Michael and Amara, keep trying to use us as pawns?”
"She's been through a lot of trauma," Dean reminded her as he listened to the wind rustling the leaves in the trees outside. "Jody hasn't exactly had a good past in the love department."
"Let's talk," Sam stated in a stiff tone, gesturing to the War Room. "Dean's resting up. But I'm not sure that he's going to be fine after he realizes what the hell you've done –"
"Please…to God…don't let anyone get their hands on this shit," Ruby said after peeling away every layer of Castiel's clothing with those brown eyes. "It's like drugs. It's worth someone's sanity. Other reporters rely on getting a whiff of when the next activity will be whilst I show up like a VIP, camera ready. So, you lose it, and I'll end you."
“I need you!” Dean shouted back, balancing on the rung and smiling widely. “I need you like I need air to fill my lungs and a comb to comb my hair! Hey! Get back here!” he chuckled after the older man quickened his pace and crossed the moor in a haste.
Dean on the other hand, considered him with hopeful eyes. "Isn't that obvious to you?" he squeezed the older man's fingers between his own. "You think that I'm doing all of this with any thought in my mind of letting you go? Jesus, Cas, don't cry…" Dean wrapped his arms around the older man who was reduced to tears by then. "Go soft on me like you always do but don't cry. I hate when you cry because then I feel like I've done something to hurt you and I'd never hurt you. I just want to love you until I don't exist on the face of the earth anymore. I want to be with you and grow old with you like Westlife once said."
Perhaps a few glances might be thrown across the room, therefore suggesting a little more than what meets the eye, or the brush of fingers whilst handing over a book might spark something between friends. But in all its entirety, the two most unusual freshmen sitting at the table in the middle of the room seem to present a rather odd picture when one considers the rest of the students around them.
,” I croaked, leaning my head onto my brother’s shoulder that instantly twitched from the news.
"That's such a nice way to look at things," his friend delivered a look of admiration before touching his arm. "You know, instead of waiting on him to come across and ask you though, maybe you should walk right over to him and do the asking. Everyone's been dying to see you two dance together. You're the most adorable couple in here."
In fact, Cas had always known that Dean had been in denial. "Do you feel better now?"
After they had left, most of what transpired throughout the conversation was how Billie had managed to complete her plan to yank Jack out of the Empty. Her intentions seemed to be justified since what Jack had been doing was simply hunting, something they all had been doing for years. But to Dean, he expressed concern over the notion that Billie seemed to be using Jack as her slave to do her dirty work. He was still a kid. He was powerful, no doubt about that, but what were her motives?
“Of what, Cas?” Green eyes offered nothing but uncertainty as they focused on blue ones and in that moment, Dean couldn’t contain his fears. He ended up revealing all the weakened thoughts of honestly believing that he was becoming less important to Castiel. And the worst pain of all was experienced when they both locked eyes and the air went dead silent between them for a full minute.
"Far from ever knowing if I am perhaps entirely human at all. No, I'm not gay. I'm just socially awkward, a threat to society and a book hoarder."
close, that all Castiel just needed to do was align himself in order to break that special barrier between them; it was enough to drive Dean crazy. He couldn’t breathe when he felt what it was like, hanging on the precipice whilst he was slowly jerked off and couldn’t do anything with his hands. He was left to flatten his palms on the wall as water rained down on them and even though weakened knees buckled, the soft bites along the nape of his neck steadied him, rooted him in the moment.
"Love makes you mushy."
“Thanks to Castiel,” she provided with a smile, relieved that her mother left to join her husband at the back of the house, “I’m going to finish my last two years with a full paid ride.”
Immediately, Cas’ blue eyes found his emerald ones. “Dean…”
"God knows you're wrecked Cas. But you ain't got the right to let something like this slip away. Many times you're going to look at him and think that all you're doing is holding him back but if he chooses you, then it's all the confirmation you need. And Dean's above all
"We always need more coffee," Dean helped her reach the top shelf and he felt his phone vibrate but after the bottle almost slipped from her grasp, the two of them ended up laughing heartily when they both did a dance whilst scrambling for the coffee.
“Not going to happen. Never. I will not part with any of my Macmillan editions. Therefore, you win.” Straightening his glasses, Castiel stunned Charlie by rising up from his chair that creaked faintly in the silence of the school library. “If I go over there,” he said glaring at her, “and I’m embarrassed or physically harmed, I will burn this place to the ground and the only survivors will be you and me. Understood?”
When Dean highlighted the choice, he smiled before assisting to select the album and when
Why didn't he reveal the demons in his past without Castiel having to pry guiltily just to push aside the pain and seek out the cracks? Dean actually claimed that he feared what the future would hold for them. But was he really trying to warn Castiel of his honest feelings? Of deserting him eventually to live a normal life?
Castiel nodded at her and went slowly to Dean’s room. He had to go through a horde of both men and women to reach the stairs and slowly he climbed one step after the next. His heart was beating so fast and it was always the same, the same kind of nervousness even though he had been there many times already. And then he took a deep breath, trying to calm himself and quietly knocked on Dean’s door.
“I don’t know if I’m sexually attracted to him, Sammy.”
“I don’t, Cas,” Dean said softly when their eyes connected, and he felt like they were both inside the eye of the storm now. Only tragedy to follow would be the ultimate truth revealed and was he ready to embrace that?
"I promise."
Cas was nestled into the corner on his right and Sam sat on the opposite side, reveling in the time off they took to just dwell as normal people would. In a pub, with a few beers between them and a good topic.
Cass is on the steps, fists clenched and fuming and Dean springs out, he’s got a crinkled paper bag and three shakes and he’s still grinning.
The two of them stared at each other, and the first conversation they entertained that involved a heartwarming hug and a decision to work through their differences came to light. Ever since, their talks never seemed to mesh by coming to terms with their similarities instead of fighting. And they were trying so much to conceal the truth from everyone when it was more likely to be revealed sooner than later.
"Cas, I let my guard down, you know?" Dean tried to explain whilst fighting his tears and the pain inside his throat. “When they started swinging, I was too stunned to fight back. And I've reached a point where I've accepted that I'm nothing but a soft defenseless wimp."
Physically, he savored Castiel’s close proximity, in fact, he highly favored the feeling attached to them touching each other in any possible way. Dean also craved another round of necking and wasn’t too fond of letting that toe-curling memory evaporate easily. But apart from the simple gestures, touching on the idea of
“How did you meet him?” Castiel asked, his insides melting when Dean’s curled fingers caressed his arm lightly. The flame was low in those emerald eyes but still ignited. “Benny, I mean.”
“You left,” the senior said, obviously deeply affected by some kind of emotion which twisted his features a little to reflect a mildly constipated look.
Dean chuckled and legs splayed out, he pulled himself closer to the desk and carefully ran his fingertip across the line of pens all labelled C. NOVAK. “Harry Potter reference, huh? Good one. What else you got up your sleeve,
By the time they neared the bookstore on Main Street though, right next door to a small café called The Cozy, a light snow began to cover Littleton and the sky darkened. It was almost ten, just around the time Dean would have liked to commence cleaning out the fireplace and replacing it with sufficient logs for the approaching storm. But there he was, gazing into Castiel’s blue eyes and brushing his gloved fingers across the evident blush on the older man’s right cheek.
"Yeah, well you got your head so far up your ass, you ain't even realizing it. Keep running around with that friend of yours. It wouldn't get you my son. It will get you a boring life you ain't want with a woman who will never love you as my boy does."
her?” he tugged Dean nearer and rested his hand upon the younger man’s hip, blue eyes imploring the truth.
“Finals are upon you too?”
I couldn’t process all of it at once and stayed up until midnight dissecting his words. At his most vulnerable moments, Dean was someone else that even he had a hard time remembering. He probably spent years burying that side of him because of trauma that I couldn’t even begin to imagine. Mention of his father and his childhood in the news…who knows what had happened to this guy to cause him to become so closed off and angry with the world.
Then following closely behind in an abundance of nerves, excitement and total doubt as was expected as normal, was no other than Castiel, dressed in a midnight blue suit, matching bowtie and a crisp white shirt, with polished black shoes. Of course, he couldn’t stop trembling in his finely polished dress shoes, because whilst the cathedral swallowed up more than one thousand people, more still kept coming through the door. And the only person that mattered the most to him hadn’t arrived as yet.
Castiel shook his head. "So what do you want me to do?"
"Sorry?" Dean tried, obviously confused as he backed into the car door, a little threatened but by his own mind and body transforming into a lusting beast that might lunge on the prey. Said prey was wild and sexy, panting with soft lips and smooth skin.
“You keep thinking and that Hanna woman will steal your future husband away from you. Didn’t want to admit it to you earlier but I think Cas is using her because he either wants to make you get jealous or she’s a nice distraction to get over you. Seems like the first one’s working. But the second will break your damn heart. You don’t want when you’re ready to tell him how you feel, he’s killed those feelings. Sure, those feelings been there for years now but there’s only so much someone can hang onto hope.”
He was so insulted by the slight by his friend that Dean couldn’t focus on the movie and would have been lost completely if the book was not read by him on several occasions before. Coupled with that, his mind was so absent from the cinema that in the process of reaching for some more popcorn, he brushed fingers with Castiel. And after feeling the anger lightly burning away because of their inability to remain at odds with each other, he still held on to it because
"Dammit," Sam threw his head back and groaned. He ran his fingers through those glossy locks and immediately his hair settled into a Loreal look. "I hate being in the middle of this. Maybe I should get out and hitch a ride to Jody so the two of you can bond on a deeper level."
Castiel sighed. "Yes, you are. You're still convinced that I'm attached to her, aren't you?"
“I can do the fucking. But I’m never depressing.” With a glint in her eyes, Meg went to the window of her car and bent down. “Hey, Castiel. Guess what? He’s not home. So, we can break a few things and get revenge.”
The angel hummed in agreement. Deep inside, he was settling into a world where nothing else felt significantly threatening anymore. "Let's try the other rides?" Cas winked, slid off of the hood of the car and sucked the last bit of beer from the bottle. "I'm really interested in the Fortune Teller."
“Oh, believe me,” Castiel couldn’t let go of the other man’s cock between his fingers, “I’m short on two inches maybe.”
“Do you feel anything?” Cas asked softly, pressing a kiss onto his lover’s neck.
Was he going to propose?
“I’m fine, really,” Dean inhaled deeply and rested the tray on a table nearby. Then he slowly sipped the tea whilst they still tenderly held hands. “Go on,” he urged, feet curled up under the blanket and turning to consider Castiel. “Taste it. Tell me if it isn’t the best tea you’ve ever had.”
"We'll talk about it now because you need to fix whatever it is."
“Wouldn’t you like to know,” Dean winked, tongue between two perfect rows of teeth and he received quite an intrigued look. It was one that gradually changed into a gaze quite capable of disarming and erasing the light humor. But when Castiel checked his revealed curiosity, the expression was quickly replaced with a blank one. “Not for nothing but the last person who looked at me like that, I got laid,” the younger man continued boldly.
“No!”
“My love,” Cas gently said whilst caressing the other man’s face affectionately.
This time though, there were no interruptions but the pounding of Castiel’s heart and the weakening of his knees as he held onto the man he loved. He kept feeling Dean’s warm breath and becoming flushed, thinking nothing else other than feeling. And when his parted lips were finally tasted by Dean, Castiel moaned deeply.
The glorification of feeling that bite of pain. Of feeling something so powerful, made him more alive than before. Made him conscious of his desire linked to a long time need to constantly remind himself that he could feel. That he could run a knife across his skin and draw blood and he could convince himself that he was in control of himself. And now as Cas stretched and thrust into him slowly, he gave over that control to the man who owned his heart.
"Now you're beginning to piss me off," Dean scowled. "I told him that if he leaves and doesn't come back then I'll know that we're over. And it's almost three weeks, Sam."
“I don’t know, man,” he said softly, diverting his eyes and tracing the top of the chair with his fingers. “I don’t even know how to flirt anymore because I’ve been married to my work. Like…how the fuck do you even ask someone out these days? Do you just come right out and invite them to dinner? What if they’re not interested in you? How am I supposed to know if someone’s attracted to me? I’m supposed to be back in the game but after so many years?”
The feeling of quickly unravelling into those frayed edges again was slowly beginning to unsettle him. "Hi," Dean said in a soft voice, barely able to contain his amazement.
“You know, for sixteen-year olds we seem so naïve sometimes, believing that people will change for us because we want them to. But I keep thinking that evidence is better. He needs to prove it to me that he will do what it takes. I want to do it,” Castiel admitted, still writing notes and already moving onto a third page, “I’d do anything, give up anything just to have him. But he has to do that too.”
"Wait, what?" Dean stared in bewilderment at his brother. "What about Benny and Ketch?"
"He will. The doctor said soon and this morning when I held his hand like I told you, he held mine back so he's there. He's just…sleeping." She wasn't affected by her friend's nudity but always spared her presence so that Castiel could take care of changing Dean's pants. He deserved that kind of privacy and Castiel admired her for such a thing.
"It's nothing," Dean's entire disposition changed and he shook his head then looked away. "At least nothing for you to worry about. Not really."
"Maybe you fell before but just wasn’t aware of what it meant. Maybe…you glorified Benny because you were. All the times you spent with him instead of me, how you cried when he left town, how it broke you because you couldn't understand why he left…and Lee?"
Sam: Do you have a pen and paper in hand reach?
"Maybe that’s the problem then. Maybe you're supposed to be everything
did! My damn skin's all tingly now. And I'm slowly beginning to get thirsty but not for punch."
The pain was there though but not suffocating, more like tolerable and stretching him, Castiel could only cling to what little sanity he had left.
"Ah, the two lovers escaping to play games in the dark…" Sam's eyes chased the pair joining together by the kitchen door where he was leaning onto the frame. "Bundle up. Don't want to freeze off certain parts of you."
“Cas is my Superman,” Dean suddenly said, causing the bottom of my heart to give out and fall like an elevator dropping into hell. Our eyes met and he didn’t offer a smile. It seemed like he hardly offered that whilst breathing and alive as a human being on planet earth. “Saved my ass Friday in more ways than one.”
“And my best chance isn’t with you?” Dean asked, angry and emotional at the same time. All the fire and disappointment hardened that handsome face. It was too much to bear.
“Deannnn.”
"That is not how this works," Castiel hurried in a softer tone after collecting the younger man's cheek into his cupped fingers and turning those saddened green eyes onto his face, "Dean, we are not chalkboards that can be erased and filled again with writing. And perhaps, you
behaving right now."
The trench coat, touching it and feeling like he would die if he couldn’t get him back.
"Oh, he's in good health," she said sweetly to him. "Are you in good health, Billy? Would you be in good health later this evening for a drink so that we can—"
Have you thought of it? I literally gave you multiple orgasms, Cas."
The two of them laughed and Castiel couldn’t help it. He was absolutely mushy and melting from the actuality of holding a letter between his fingers, written with so much love and honesty. The words curled his toes when he perused the lines and he had possibly read the letter about ten times since.
“Well, for starters, I’d be going with the most handsome guy in the school,” Castiel felt his face grow warmer and instantly noticed the smile fading from the other teenager’s countenance. “And secondly, you wouldn’t regret spending the evening with me. Think about it,” he said when gasps and more scoffs filled the air and by then the librarian was hustling over. Then Castiel smiled, “I could be an epiphany.”
"What?" the rumble of Sam's voice and then the world around Castiel was muted, the very keen and prying eyes of Mr. Thatcher as he leaned forward with a quizzical look and then the tipping over of the room.
"I was aware," Dean stared at Cas as he felt his heart flapping around like a fish out of water. "I had the feelings and the needs. Dammit, Cas, I wanted you in ways that made me turn against myself. But I couldn't label it because well…as you know, when I was a kid, my father kind of made sure that I didn't give in to being less of a man as he called it. And when those feelings for you developed inside of me, I turned against them."
“Dean, he will do whatever it takes to keep us apart!”
“Not so bad,” he whispered in her ear and smiled warmly. “Hi, good morning. You can call me Dean though. Mister Winchester makes me feel so old…” he shrugged. “Don’t use it unless I ask you to.”
Dean shrugged and continued wiping the Harley. “Why not? I’ll give you a lift back to the church if you’d like.”
It wasn't long after they were back on the road and Castiel asked Dean to turn into quite a familiar road that led to a very special place for them. Years had gone by, so many and still the journey felt like yesterday, so many New Year Eves, words that were unsaid and were revealing themselves like slants of sunshine through the trees. The Impala nosed its way towards the lake that was never frozen all through winter but remained bitter cold. The myth was always the same; that an angel's grace had been buried inside the depths and would forever keep the water in a liquid state. No one really knew of the real reason why but for many years it still remained the same whilst everything around it changed with the seasons.
Crowley a criminal? Surely not? There must be a mistake, which would be made evident after the two older men revealed that this was all just a joke. What happened to believing the best in people especially since their stations in life were obviously convincing of carrying around a
“You can…play?” the younger man’s voice was so husky and he tried to untangle his mind from the haze of passion that was thick between them.
"Suffering," Florence said staring at him with a listless look, "in your childhood. Abuse that left you traumatized with low self-esteem. There was a boy that your father disapproved of. He was very hard on you, your father. He didn't believe in you and pushed you to be a man because of what happened with you and this boy."
For this reason, the irritation worsened and so did the migraine, which he realized were both creeping up much frequently than prior years. Back when he wasn’t privy to changes like scrutinizing people’s words far too much. Crowley was beginning to trouble Dean in a way that he simply could not describe or wish not to admit the blaring truth. Either way, the man’s words were far too strange and unearthed an itchy feeling that he could not scratch.
Biting his lips, he glanced at her bookcase but wasn't really considering the endless volumes trying to dissect the mind.
." Castiel said and tugging Dean closer, the teasing continued by lingering his lips onto the younger man's left cheek. Softly, he pressed a kiss that lasted two seconds, and Dean's chest heaved from becoming overwhelmed again, his face leaning into the connection like his life depended on it. Then almost abruptly, the spark was broken and he was left to stare at the retreating figure of someone who was now determined to leave a lasting impression.
Castiel couldn’t stop his heart from hammering away. “When you almost kissed me.”
“Talk to me about it, sweetheart,” Castiel pleaded in an uneven tone. “What does a high feel like? Does it feel like reaching the precipice on a roller coaster?”
“Fine lines of poetry which I will hold back on for the moment. I fear that…I may overwhelm you too much.”
The light turned green, his cellphone chirped, and after parking in front of the school and admiring the simple yellow brick building with wide windows, Dean smiled. He was somewhat happier since the two of them mended the broken connection between them and also relieved that Castiel was able to express his feelings. But the most unforgettable moment was the kiss, necking as Sam oftentimes loved to lament on receiving an abundance of. And because Dean was finally on the receiving end of such an intimate gesture from Castiel, he couldn’t confess that he detested it, especially delivered by another man.
She was perusing a magazine clipping and being sentimental all of a sudden, he made the biggest mistake by joining her on the floor.
He was an anomaly?
“Where?” Castiel asked innocently. He blinked and waited patiently wondering what kind of storms whirled around the other man’s mind.
“I mean, it’s painful, isn’t it?” the hunter’s eyes suddenly were softened again from tears as he studied their entwined hands. “Sam said that when an angel falls, there’s so much…confusion and trauma. I mean, I don’t doubt that you love me. Sure I don’t. But I’m not going to put you through that.”
"I love you so much," Dean interrupted because his heart was overflowing and there were tears in his eyes still and he was crying then sobbing. Burying his face into the older man's chest, he was tenderly touched, held like he was the most precious thing in the world. His hands were squeezed, curling up like a comma into the man he loved and when they were simply drained from words and tears, they both returned to the car.
“Not so fast—”
"You remember when the Bentley crashed in 2006? He was only five."
“I don’t think you could ever be married to a King. You’re too rebellious, my love,” Meg tugged her closer. “And besides, you can ask Clarence all about it when he ties the knot. Oh, look, horses and a golden carriage. It’s like a fairytale.”
“Body language,” Charlie continued in a soft tone. “If he leans in a lot it means he’s comfortable enough to do it, and he’s just trying to sniff you. Guys can’t hide their attraction that easily so if he’s giving you all these signs so far, you’re in for a surprise! Pay attention to the way his body reacts when you’re close to him. If you lean in, does he seem affected or does he give you a weird look. If a guy melts into your touch, or his voice dips when you lean in, then he’s totally into you”
And Castiel was losing his mind, whilst trying as best as he could to stay focused on his notepad. His scrawl was incomprehensible, even to himself and complete gibberish. But it was a coping mechanism. A kind of distraction. To seem like he wasn't unnerved by being favoritised by a member of the Royal family.
thank me for doing what I'm supposed to do," Dean stated in a soft tone though, "okay?" and when he received a nod, his cupped fingers caressed Castiel's face. "Prepare yourself to become pregnant," the hoarse rumble of laughter curled his toes, "no joke, I've never cum like that before and I'm pretty sure we just made a baby."
Cas, on the other hand, had fisted his small hands under the table. He really didn't want to sit there and listen to the story. To the details of how Dean slept with someone else. But Amanda kept going on and on as if there was no off switch to her disgusting lamentations.
“Is he sneezing, coughing?” Castiel’s concern would never fade away as blue eyes widened. “Does he have a fever and how severe is it?”
Rolling his eyes but still smiling, Dean enveloped himself in the kitchen and after setting the water heater on the counter, he leaned against it with a sigh. Everyone had to realize something was amiss by then, especially after his disappearance earlier but apparently even Sam was deliberately sidestepping the obvious. Naturally, Dean decided to sway his mind away from what was bothering him like a terrible fever because if he dwelled on Castiel, then he might possibly be driven insane from the unfairness of love.
This time, there was a kind of desperation to find each other’s tongues and claim victory, to taste everything there was and so much more.
To top it all off, the cappuccino colored theme was something that refreshed my mind, because I hated dark rooms. I didn’t like the feeling of growing claustrophobic inside a room with no windows. But his condo gave me the feeling of a roomy space that offered nothing but jet black appliances, a light brown tiled kitchen island and a pair of beautiful brown two-cushioned chairs. There were doors that led into other rooms, five of them and the space alone gave me the heightened feeling of being in a slice of heaven.
When that happened, Benny fought for a long time to separate himself from the idea of someone actually loving him. Choosing to be with the older man was possibly something that would have turned out differently if Castiel didn't intervene at the time. But Benny decided all by himself that he needed to leave and maybe that's what Kaia was suffering from. She was frightened of falling prey to love, only to be disappointed and after working so hard to build her life from the ground, obviously she was terrified to be torn away from that feeling of security.
"Can you stop taking everything for granted?" the older man braced his fingers on the glass contained in Dean's hand and tilted it to those parted lips. "Drink up, so you may try all of my brother's cocktails before the day is over. I think he has an endless supply so you'll be quite thrilled."
“UFOS?” Cas tried to swallow the fear on Dean’s whereabouts, tried to distract himself, but he feared the worst.
"Okay, Romeo, how was your first blowjob?"
Dean was in the group of family that passed down the hallway and approached the front door at a quarter to eight that evening. He kept latching onto Castiel's presence and somehow felt relieved that after the older man resurfaced from disappearing, he seemed a little less angry than before. He was still consuming wine though, generous amounts which generated worry enough because of his inability to stop. And he would develop a slight headache, as Dean was all too familiar with because he was familiar with many things about Castiel.
All the doubts that welled up seemed to never quite settle comfortably without proving that life's journey may never be predictable. Had he known a month prior that the pursuit of a young man to deliberately invade his personal space would eventually have him questioning his sexuality; then Castiel would have laughed and called the entire premonition off as frivolous.
"I'll work it out. I just feel so numb inside right now, like I've been drained of all my blood."
The next time he was in the supermarket already busy in preparations for Christmas which was two months away, Dean wandered into the pharmacy area and became wildly interested in the variety of condoms.
There was nothing prickly inside of his chest anymore. Dean smiled and inhaled deeply. “I feel better knowing that you know.”
"No, please allow me to string out what my heart wishes to expel," the older man whispered, reaching up to paw away tears from his cheeks, "since I fell in love with you, Dean, I've been convincing myself of certainties such as watching you fall in love with someone other than me, how it would kill me when I would have to witness you marry someone else. Coming to dinner and having you sit by the fire with a girlfriend or a wife whilst I remained cold and bitter and incomplete because I couldn't have you. I never felt adequate to deserve you, Dean," Castiel's lips quivered when cupped fingers brushed his jawline and the younger man drifted closer. "The one thing I've wanted more than anything, is the one thing I still believe I cannot have."
He kept feeling how his nerves were exploding all over, how his thighs were washed over in a softer, warmer sensation just before he reached the brink of letting go and then…
He couldn’t be friends with him though, that much Dean was certain of. Friends meant reverting to greeting each other with simple smiles and never brushing the curtains aside to reveal what resided behind them. Friends meant letting go of the thought of spending their lives together, and forcefully entertaining the idea of courtship with someone else. Friends meant that he would have to lie in bed at nights and try to persevere through his nightmares as actual touch was replaced with the ghost of Castiel’s hands and lips. And he couldn’t survive with a ghost wandering around his bedroom or his life or coming across the moor.
"Maybe you should do all the talking," Dean suggested, lowering green eyes to his fingers splayed out upon his lap. "Seems like you know more than enough."
“Cas…I just…” Dean croaked, but the words just wouldn’t come out. The words were stuck inside his throat and barely moved and because he couldn’t confess his feelings, of how much he loved and needed him, he became cold and broken.
Dean nodded, refusing to release his guitar, "one…two…three," he literally felt like his throat had constricted to a needle's width, "three…two…one…one…Cas, why is this…happening…again?" Sinking his face into the older man's right shoulder, he became entirely terrified. "Jesus…"
“Thank you,” Charlie offered me a sympathetic look before continuing. “At least someone cares enough to learn. So, most times the guy might find it harder to prep all by himself so he has to like rely on porn to get there. But if he has a girlfriend then she has to get involved by taking part in lots of foreplay and being mentally prepared to jerk him off until he’s up.”
Very convenient. I was actually intrigued to find out where my boss lived. Not that I wanted to get an eyeful and feel privileged compared to everyone else at work. “Why do you think it’s bullshit? Don’t you think that you deserve to be loved? By someone who wants to love you?”
Whilst it rained outside and the drops hammered onto the window beside him, a place that he used to come to many times when he was smaller, Dean softly cried from the memories. When he gazed out at the palace grounds, he remembered how he always imagined the kind of freedom only young boys do when they felt caged in.
"Don't leave me," Dean suddenly said with so much pain in his voice, the other man stopped after almost leaving the room and turned back. The doubts flapped wildly inside Dean's chest.
To finally feel the sort of comfortableness in being in the moment. In knowing that thus far, they had been through a journey that had provided so many ups and downs. Yet in between the wars and the hunting and losing each other, they had finally made it there.
"You're
“You’re such an asshole, Dean! Do you honestly want me to remind you what
“I said those things that night because it is the truth. I couldn’t lie,” Castiel said in an uneven tone. “When you love someone as much as I love you…” his voice cracked and he needed to stop to compose himself. “The only thing you want, is to give that person their best chance at life.”
“Keep talking. Tell me anything you want,” Castiel croaked.
Green eyes return to the scene unfolding outside the window. “Oh, you better mean that we have all the fun and not that I’m dumb because by my age, you probably never read half the number of books I’ve read.”
He helped him up to his room because it was a place where Dean always called his sanctuary and whilst everyone watched, ready to offer assistance, Castiel fixed the blanket and fluffed the pillows. He sat by his bedside and fed him soup slowly, pausing to caress Dean's bruised face that was still beautiful and he helped guide the straw between his lips. And even when Ellen decided that she would stay for as long as possible to help in any way she could, Castiel still remained glued to his lover's bedside.
"You're trying to tell me that I don't know how that feels?" Sam frowned. "Because I do, Dean."
"The national animal of Scotland," the Prince said proudly as he read the other man's mind. "I've always loved unicorns."
“Because…” Dean lowered his eyes and tried to control his breathing, “it’s not easy for me to talk about certain things. I keep thinking that the moment I tell you everything, you’re going to think that I’m not worth it. You helped to bring me out of that dark place, you know? But it’s not easy to talk about certain things with you because those things involve you and I’m just ashamed of how I feel about them.”
"Fuck!" crying out hoarsely, the younger man folded over and emptied himself so much, body convulsing and toes pointing.
"Delilah's parents are from India and Cindy was found in a basket in a dumpster in Illinois. They arrived at the orphanage around the same time together and ever since, have been inseparable. I find that…Delilah rather much seems like the quiet one. Whilst Cindy is much more compelled to be daring. She reminds me of you, actually. She even has your eyes and it's stranger because Delilah has blue eyes. Maybe it's fate, Dean. Maybe we should adopt them…Dean?"
"So how do you explain the whole gay thing that just happened?" Ruby pressed on, leaning over the table.
"There's nothing else we can be," Dean shrugged, legs spread apart and avoiding eye contact. "I guess this is what they call a compromise."
“Can you blame me though? Here I am, looking at you, and wondering where the hell you’ve been all my life. How is
Didn't they have somewhere else to express their insane lives?
Sam was impressed. "So, you are a bottom, aren't you? I knew it!" He pounded the air with his fist and beamed at his brother.
“When we get back there, we’ll make it for dinner,” Sam said softly, as Dean unlocked his mobile and evidently was not affected by his messages being read by his brother. “He’s going to be there so as much as I don’t want to, I’m going to fangirl over the two of you.”
“I…don’t…hate…your,” Castiel swallowed. It had been a long time and no one, not even Ruby would entertain a conversation about Dean because she was really afraid that he would suddenly combust into tears and shakes.
After Ellen and Bobby announced the traditional Christmas dinner would be accommodated at their house, everything sour and disheartening was placed on the back burner.
"I know that you're very worried about leaving your father," the older man said quickly, "and…he understands your doubts about such but we could make this work. You could...we could…alternate and develop a routine where I would spend more nights with you here. Dean, I couldn't sleep last night without you. I really couldn't do it and…I apologize for being like this but…" Castiel's voice cracked severely and he entwined their fingers as his eyes filled with tears. "I've never been privy to feeling so intensely about someone else and I understand most certainly now when you begged me to stay last night."
“Manners, Jett,” the other man rolled his eyes and sent Dean a look of slight amusement. “You’d think that after being married to him for ten years, the leash I put around his neck would serve as a reminder. Down, boy.”
“Yeah, well Sam can come over and do his homework by me until the light comes back on. You too, if you want to, that is.”
"Barry was a leach," Dean frowned. "He pretended to be my friend just so that he could steal my girl," he said matter-of-factly.
The Prince actually stood there holding out the chair and waiting with a damn smile on his face. And it was the most beautiful gesture to behold, even the party gathered noticed when Castiel sat down neatly but shaking from nerves after Dean helped him in.
“Would you like to have lunch with me?” Dean’s voice drifted from the mobile resting on the countertop. “Say…one-ish?”
“Well, I…” Dean tugged on the right sleeve of his denim jacket and sighed, eyes resting on his father but never quite observing the conversation, “I haven’t been really that much involved since Lisa and Jo but I tried to date after them. And I was the one who asked Lisa. I was like
"I cannot wait…" Castiel tilted his head and smiled before moving onto the second box, a little smaller and rectangular in shape. And after he unwrapped it, Dean held his breath whilst the lid was pulled away. "Scented oils!" the older man's countenance lit up and immediately he pried one of the slender bottles from the case. "I've always wanted to try these. Thank you so much, Dean, these are very lovely."
"I don't want to live anymore."
Swallowing hard as the memory of Dean's hardened expression filled his mind, Cas suddenly didn't favor any kind of conversation. He wanted to be left in solace. Every single part of him had been shattered when those four powerful words had been uttered.
"I need time, Sam," Cas croaked, pleading with Sam for understanding.
“Doing what? Ohhhhh.” Leave it to Ruby to immediately decipher the sexual references. Her laughter was raw and wicked. “So, how was your first
The woman pulled off her black helmet, the sun’s light glinting on the glass, then she shook out long fiery red hair and caught quite a few stares from passersby. But nevertheless, being on the receiving end of admiration and scrutiny didn’t dent her composure because she moved with a purpose, dressed in faded blue jeans and a pink floral printed blouse. And after sauntering into the bookstore of all places, Dean sat back, scoffed and shook his head.
“I’m calling security,” Castiel swallowed hard and reached for the phone.
For an excess of four hours after our conversation, I couldn’t focus at all on my brother’s woes. Knowing that the words that drifted out of the phone were so direct and hurtful. Just because I had a life with obligations and he didn’t in that moment, he actually wanted me to leave whatever I was doing to fix his problems. Not that I was selfish enough to ignore when someone pleaded for assistance, but he didn’t even sympathize with my situation. In fact, he didn’t even give me room to elaborate on what was happening last night. Instead, the jump towards belittling me because I wasn’t rich or powerful as he was, caused my patience to wear thin. And I never allowed anyone to talk to me like with that kind of disrespect, not even someone I was falling in love with.
“You better,” Castiel rubbed their noses together affectionately and grazed their lips together. “Now let’s go back to the car because Sam is getting twitchy.”
After he couldn't really sleep during the night, Dean woke up feeling groggy at 5am. But he wasn't alone. Donna was pacing around in kitchen with a cup of steaming coffee grasped between her hands. And when she acknowledged his entry through the doorway, Donna couldn't even offer a full smile. Instead, she handed him a cup and both of them sat around the table with comfortable silence surrounding the space.
“Yeah, someone who gets you despite the whole weak in the knees aspect.” Dean pulled open the door and leaned onto the Impala. He winked at Charlie whilst turning the key and the engine roared to life. “I bet you’ve met that guy already.”
He didn’t want to hunt monsters or demons. Most of all, he couldn’t fight angels. He was holding an angel in his arms. Might be one that had his grace depleted but Cas used to be an angel. He used to be a warrior and he still was a warrior. Every damn day, Cas had fought so many battles. He had to keep his feelings to himself for so many years. Feelings he had been experiencing for the first time for a human; one of his father’s creations. How screwed up they both were to find each other and fall in love.
"Nah, it's just a good thing that she didn't listen to
“I know you. I know when you’re concealing something from me and I’ve been thinking about your persistence in addressing the fact that we haven’t kissed as yet. The Dean I’m familiar with would not be so bothered by this. It’s like there is a need inside of you to prove something and I think I know what happened.”
"Cas, when we…make love to each other…." Dean began in a tone so soft, the other man feared that the wind would chase every word away too quickly. "When we have…sex…"
” he removed his palm from Dean’s mouth and rested their foreheads together, “inside of
When Sam manned the wheel and he comfortably stretched out in the backseat, exhausted from driving for three hours after they departed New York, Dean tugged out his phone and opened WhatsApp.
"Cas…"
“Are we talking about a bond like Harry and Ron or Sherlock and Watson? Because one’s totally gay but the other is meh. And think before you answer because this is like one of those games that one answer leads into the next question.” Charlie’s expression remained so comical, Dean couldn’t refrain from laughing.
“You tease,” Dean’s body shuddered from the jolt of desire rippling through his veins. “Dammit, Cas.”
“Are you done?” Cas finally asked when ten minutes had slipped by.
With all the money in the world, it could never buy happiness. Zachariah always preached that the richest people were the most miserable. And now I nodded and wondered if I actually wanted to work to be wealthy or survive in the middle class. “Talk to me. Tell me what happened.”
“Right! Well,” Castiel nodded at Aaron who was evidently quite astonished as Dean, “we’ll see you around. It’s good to have you here in our small wonderful world. I do hope you enjoy your humble abode and if there is anything
The sounds created between them only deepened the moment, and Castiel leaned over Dean’s back, then rubbed his full body against him. “Oh Dean…” he moaned, folding over because his cock was straining inside of his pants and the pent up stalling of that kind of release hurt so bad, he just wanted to come. “I want you. I always...want you in any way I can have you.”
instead of picking up a waitress or running off with a beautiful woman. But all of those things were far too reckless to consider in that moment, and despite his soured mood, he showered and showed up downstairs.
“But I’m already here, Cas,” Dean was struggling to breathe, “I’m here with you all the time. So, why aren’t you happy already?”
“Is that
"Dean!" Cas captured the other man's face between his hands and pleaded with those blue eyes. He appeared so weak in that moment, so vulnerable, that the hunter felt so mesmerized. "We need to do this. I need you."
Perhaps the most questionable occurrence was always the attention he seemed to attract when traversing the halls at work. People would stare at him, mostly out of wild fascination because of his attire but he couldn't care less. He lived to be rebellious. Always on the precipice of proving to the world that normal was a terrible misjudgment in describing him.
“Man, this is better than those soaps I watch on TV.” Ellen laughed, patting Dean on his cheek playfully. “How do you feel about him though? Like
"What the hell are you doing?" green eyes flashed, and pulling the glass away, Dean stared back because he couldn’t believe how sudden and childish the display of antics presented itself.
"Well done, son," John smiled stiffly as though the very effort was making him constipated. "What you did, your donation to the hospital was a good sign that you are finally on the road to maturity."
“I’ll leave you two to get acquainted,” Sam said, slapping Castiel on the back affectionately. “My wife’s calling me.”
Castiel finally wandered over and unearthed a small chuckle from Dean as he pushed the younger man’s black framed glasses a little more up the bridge of his nose. It was a very affectionate and teasing gesture, one he entertained for many years and because Dean was so accustomed to lighthearted humor, he wouldn’t have realized that to an outsider, especially the two agents, the small move was a very revealing one although playful. Even the cashier smiled warmly from the open display of affection between the two men and perhaps the grandest strike of luck would have been everyone’s acceptance instead of opposition.
With their thighs and arms pressed together most desirously, the butterflies awakened inside Dean’s chest. Although he wished not to provide any kind of confirmation to his father who kept throwing glances at the pair seated next to him, when Castiel purposely brushed their fingers together upon their thighs, he melted instantly. And hooking their pinkies in quite a secretive gesture, the two of them kept their eyes focused on the priest who proceeded to introduce the two readers of the scriptures.
“We can ditch the suits and go as far as we did two nights ago, but no further. We’re still on a trial period which might last from six months to a year so—”
"You're killing…me," the older man panted, collecting Dean's face between his palms and connecting their eyes. "You're…so…beautiful."
“I’m so ashamed of what she probably thinks of me after what happened.” Dean slowly got up and handed his nephew over, then he dragged his feet towards the kitchen as the lights continued to brighten and a bitter coldness seeped through his bones.
“Thanks, Cas,” was all he could manage in a hoarsened tone that sounded rather unlike himself. Then knowing not what to do except to gaze into blue eyes, Dean detached himself from the trunk of the tree and sighed as he walked to the edge of the cliff and studied the mountains carefully.
“Did you two fuck?” Ruby hissed because she couldn’t contain herself and squeezing the truth out of humans was her awful habit that always upset me. “Because if you did, then this changes everything.”
"That is not a decision you've ever made," Rowena said softly, worrying completely now. "You've always wanted to fight this, Dean."
Sam sent Cas a sympathetic look because he obviously identified the internal struggle the other man was experiencing by choosing to distance himself.
"Tell me about all of them."
for ages.”
No matter how many times his big brother tried to escape the clutches of suffocating under pressure though, Sam always managed to untangle him from the weeds. Slowly, he climbed out of the car, his long limbs brushing through green shrubs. And just for a moment, as his eyes found Dean leaning onto the trunk of the car, Sam felt a sharp stab within the depths of his chest.
“And the year’s softest love movie commences in 3…2…1,” Sam sighed, rolling his eyes when Cas playfully scratched the nape of the older Winchester’s neck and the two of them smiled adorably at each other.
Dean’s lowered gaze served as a definite answer that nothing revealing was discussed with the young woman. And because Castiel’s inner response was always to scold, in that moment, he buried the urge deep down inside and instead, focused on what mattered the most.
hungry,” Dean piped up, evidently unattached to the conversation and desiring a change of topic. “I’m going to make a wild guess and say that Cas isn’t because he eats like clockwork. 6, 12 and 6. Don’t you get bored?”
Blinking as if suddenly seeing clearer, Dean swallowed before the truth dawned upon him, but he remained silent because space was granted for the older man to elaborate as much as he wished to.
“I know. And I am more accepting of that
“Vanity is quite understood in your situation,” the older man stared at the phone in disbelief. “This is…too much. I never thought that I’d see you shirtless and looking quite—”
The older man sighed, tilted his head and nodded. "I plead the fifth—"
"You screwed your way into the Royal Family? Wouldn't be a surprise. In fact, it's genius. I commend you on using whatever you can to chase a story. But don't for one second imagine that I would entertain the idea. I would never—"
"It turns me on even more, so much that I want to keep tasting you over and over again."
know, is that Cas been leaving marks on my boy like you're some kind of a chew toy. It ain't pretty showing off where his mouth has been so keep your neck hidden…" when Dean's green eyes widened and reached up quickly to pat the exposed skin around his shoulders, his father laughed. "Don't worry, we've all seen it by now and know that he's marked his territory. He treating you right?"
“No, I don’t mind at all. He…died in a car accident ten years ago. He was actually the only one who proved to be a father more than our adopted one.”
Dean actually smiled from the misused label and sipped his beer. “Nah, definitely not one of those.”
Castiel hooked his finger through the loop in front of Dean’s jeans and he fumbled with the zipper. Then after tugging it down, when he stumbled upon no underwear but the bareness of Dean’s cock tucked sideways into the folds of his jeans, Castiel stared at the other man with wide eyes.
He wanted Dean to explain to him why he was so special and why he had fallen in love with someone as dorky and nerdy and simple as him.
have you, Cas. Out of all the people in the world, you chose me and maybe it's pretty unbelievable that you would, because I'll forever think there's nothing special about me. But it scares me when I think of where we're going to go, the things we will do to each other when we get there…not knowing how to but wanting to. The conversations we're going to have. The…freaking moments where we will have disagreements and unlike old times, we can't just walk away because we're in a damn relationship. And we got to make things work because if we don't…we're going to lose each other forever. I can't lose you, Cas, I just can't because nobody knows you better than me, everywhere you go I'm going to follow you to the end of the world."
“I am
“Yeah right,” Ruby laughed. “You’ve never worked a day in your life except in the kitchen and in bed.”
“The night when Ellen and I got up to go into the kitchen,” Charlie said after collecting her helmet, “we were talking about you and Cas like…
"You're doing quite splendidly so far." The older man offered a small smile of reassurance, and then he reached for the door handle behind Dean whilst maintaining a gaze. "If I'm worth it, as you believe I am," Castiel pulled open the door that wasn’t closed properly and pushed it in back with a soft click, "then keep trying."
When she turned the page, Charlie couldn’t believe what was right there to be scrutinized, well she admitted that the truth was already obvious. But the heading of the next section of Dean’s photo book proved to be the most romantic thing she ever witnessed, and tears clouded her eyes.
“I mean, it’s almost 6:30 already and no one noticed…we could just—”
." And just like Cinderella on the night of the Ball, he excused himself from Meg, slipped past Dean and bolted to the exit.
"Was it the children?" he tried in a softer tone, reaching out and lightly brushing the younger man's arm. "Are you having second thoughts about us…adopting…some day?"
Under the blanket, whilst everyone was safely tucked away upstairs, Castiel felt Dean's hand claiming whatever he wished for. Reaching for him inside of his boxers and stroking whilst they kissed slowly and longingly, helping him achieve a sense of blossoming that was long overdue. After the heaviness of the past few days, the desperate need to peel away the shell of worry and doubt and pain to stretch his wings again in their love, the older man mewled through the workings of a generous hand. The way Dean maintained that rhythm and slowed just before the climax, almost as if he understood every single part of their lovemaking and was determined to tease until…
“So, you think that I’m selfish because I stayed away when he asked me to,” Dean stated in a clipped tone.
“Did you prepare these?” Dean gestured at the spread in between them, astonished by the attention to detail in the arrangements of the sliced sweet peppers, parsley and tomatoes.
"The one everyone called Krueger?" Dean blinked and tried to still his heart. "Yeah I remember the kid."
"Us," Dean's throat was aching. He suddenly felt as if he had broached a subject that was too tender to be discussed so soon. And maybe it was too soon. But there were things that they needed to talk about and most of all, he wanted to do things. He wanted to get the ball rolling just in case life threw grenades at them; or Chuck showed up and decided to break the world apart.
With a satisfied grin, the other man nodded. "Oh yeah," Dean lifted his beer bottle and clinked it with Cas' own. "Here's to many more heated…passionate sessions in my car. And my bed. And your bed. And various rooms in the bunker."
“And when you leave?” those green orbs revealed so much pain.
“Oh,” Castiel nodded quickly and swallowed, obviously ashamed from not being able to catch on. “
Dean groaned but didn't reply. And Cas blinked, sitting back upon the chair as he appeared completely lost, his blue eyes were stormy from swirling thoughts.
"I am going to be here for you until someone better comes along and then—"
Castiel sighed, clearly disappointed because sure it was expected. “Glad to know that you could go around being so brave and chatty with everyone else but you were prepared to leave without saying something to me. Leave it to the introvert to make the first move, right?”
"It's easy for me to think about the backseat though," Dean helplessly furthered the moment. "What do you think?"
was a hunk of a male under the same roof. "But you're something…"
Dean shifted uncomfortably and a soft moan escaped from deep within him that shocked his countenance into a look of slight amazement. That daring gloved hand was persistent, so taunting until he was on the verge of coming. And Castiel still rambled on because he obviously couldn't understand what his words were doing because he couldn't see what was happening to the man by his side.
“Two days ago, I was privy to your speech on the radio. I’ve never heard a better one in a long time. Your speech, I mean.”
Dean, as furious as he could become by his brother’s directness, simply pushed the remarks onto the back burner. Speaking out loud about such things in front of Jess? Clearly Sam entertained the conversation with his wife if he could become so bold enough to make suggestions.
“Of course…you don’t,” Dean said softly because…how could someone who watched him grow up and tended to his fears and his woes ever wish to hurt him? “Cas, I don't think that—"
, I can sleep tonight knowing that we aren’t fighting with each other and there aren’t any question marks between us. But five years is a long time, Cas. Five years is like almost half a decade, you know.”
"Dean's far from the kid who used to run around behind you every chance he got. Now that he's turned into a man, he's been looking at you different and it's a shame to know that you can't see it. When you're the first one who jumped. You're the first one who caught feelings and now that he's…falling apart from feeling the same way, you're behaving like a brick wall."
"Then if we are on the same page," Cas didn't skip a beat, "why were you in so much pain last night, Dean?"
“Just…don’t,” he said shaking his head. Dean could feel the pain welling up inside of his chest. “I don’t want to go back there.”
"No," Sam said softly, pressing a hand on his friend's arm reassuringly. "Don't. Wait for him."
. And everything else.”
When his phone beeped, Dean's eyes blinked at the view outside the window. Then he unlocked the mobile and his heart leapt from the one new message flashing on the screen.
“Claire was there not too long ago,” Dean said softly, as Castiel fumbled with his wallet and he seemed out of character. “Asking me how she could win a girl’s heart. And you know me…” he rolled his head onto the seat and smiled warmly, “I gave her my best advice based on my experience as a pretty damn good matchmaker.”
Cas: How?
Dean Winchester was actually in love.
Now he could never forget those moments that they shared over the years, slices in time that were embedded in his memory forever and would serve as comforting spaces to dwell in.
From the moment Dean passed by the group of reporters that was larger than the crowd outside of the Brighton Hotel, he waved and smiled. And Annalise on the other hand seemed bored, detaching herself from his arm to walk the rest of the way alone. Although the camera flashed, capturing her willingness to separate himself, she could care less. Whilst Dean didn't even seem bothered by any of it.
"I never did that, and you know it," Dean said angrily, the wave of displeasure from being misunderstood riling up quickly. "You were always first priority compared to anyone else but there were times when I just needed to live my damn life. When I needed to be a teenager and do things that you would never let me do."
His bites were filled with more passion than before though, and would evidently leave marks on his neck but Castiel liked every inch of skin Dean’s teeth and mouth claimed. He drove pathways through Dean’s hair with his fingers and felt the wind wrap them in a soothing blanket whilst the leaves in the trees rustled. And his toes curled inside of his boots whilst Dean made love to him slow and desperately.
The ball had dropped. Dear Sam, we don't need another case to get my adrenaline pumping. We don't need some kind of freaking monster to chase. No. The only thing I'll be ever chasing is my damn heart that's literally running a thousand miles in front of me. And I can't catch it, Dean thought inaudibly. I can't catch it because every single time I believe in finding a stable place to stand on, Cas comes right out from under the rubble and breaks my mind apart.
But Castiel couldn't will his mind to soften up to everything so easily. And because he was suddenly seeing clearer through the thick haze of desire, he realized that they were going too fast and if he didn't stop them, then they would crash.
“I don’t need to be reminded about that,” Dean said in the softest tone ever. There was no hint of anger behind his stare. Just a cool demeanor. He shrugged. “I’m pretty okay with what I have.”
Dean noticed the deliberate inches between them immediately and shook his head. “The nickname just came to mind. You’re warm and cuddly, I guess. And why are you staying away from me like that, Cas?”
He never ever thought that in a few years’ time, every single thing in that apartment would be traded back for money and he would be moving to the home of Jane Austen to try to desperately find a way to be with his Prince.
Dean could have melted from the sight of his
How could a human being be the embodiment of such a beautiful angel? Dean couldn't believe how fortunate he was to actually have such an adorable and handsome miracle buried in his life because there was no one else who ever marveled him as much as Castiel managed to do. Everything about the older man was incredible, such as his habits, his excessive speeches, abundant happiness, depth and sincerity. He couldn’t believe how their friendship changed so quickly, from a time when he could simply stand there and gaze upon Castiel as a friend, now his eyes wandered and his heart leapt with adoration and joy.
“Choosing any random song, we had to tango to it. Meg and I went first and failed miserably so we ended up chugging down three shots each. Then Ruby went with one of her friends, Marcia who works at the Daily Scandal with me and the two of them ended up falling down. It was quite a mess.”
“I’m not supposed to hold my breath, but I am because…well, I’m just madly in love with you and—”
I only realized my situation fifteen minutes after replying to emails when the light in the office to my right went out. The sound of keys jingling reached my ear, then when the doorknob rattled, I turned back to stare at my monitor.
"It makes sense to
"I tried…calling…line…bad," the signal came and went and because Dean was so pressed by pent up emotions from what happened between them, he felt tears burn his eyes immediately. "Are you…."
"Huh?" he blinked hard and stared at her worried countenance before the healthy conversation in the room consumed his mind again. The roar of the ocean of doubts wasn't there anymore but replaced by a prickly feeling resting on his skin, signaling that a storm was indeed coming but it wasn't just the one outside. Call it a premonition but something else was brewing quite enormous and he couldn’t quite decipher what it could be.
“There you go,” Dean nodded and flipped open the magazine again and turned the pages idly. “People thinking that a handsome guy like you could get any girl you want, when you don’t want
“Hey, wait your turn,” Charlie evidently fell for the diversion in their conversation. “And besides, you have to start catching up on the rest of the Harry Potter series, remember? You promised. And then The Lord of the Rings.”
"Sad details," Chuck sighed, folded his arms and surveyed the view with a serious look now, "also sad that you felt the need to defy me over and over again by completely blurring the lines of your job."
“I watched my brothers tend to our sister when she was born,” he contributed in a soft tone, swirling around the crushed ice in the glass. “My mother suffered from post-partum depression so naturally we were left to look after a newborn baby. But the one thing we always survived on was knowing that she relied on us to do whatever it took to keep her safe. I guess, you should look at this in the same light. Salena relies on you to do what it takes to ensure that she’s happy.”
"Wow," Sam shook his head. "Okay."
"It's more your forte than mine," Castiel remarked stiffly. He held out his fingers and splayed them.
He never liked to be on the receiving end of prodding eyes. It's why he had taken up the role of a reporter. To tell a story rather than having the camera turned on him.
When in truth, the exhausting feeling of believing that he acted wrong by approaching the topic before, then deciding that it was absolutely necessary, then witnessing so much sadness and tears; all of those were too much emotions to digest quickly. He couldn’t pack those away so fast but needed to return to a quiet place to recharge and it was one of the disadvantages of being an introvert; always drained from an overexertion of moods during a social meeting.
When we got out of the vehicle, he never stayed by my side at all, which forced me to keep up one step behind him. Through the entrance we went, into the lobby and then towards another elevator. All the way I tried to keep my eyes busy, drinking in as much as I could and hoping to give Gabe details later on.
He referred to Sparknotes as an avenue for persons who were too lazy to read books to peruse freely. His judgment on cable was a money making business that was rapidly replacing people’s interest in books. Even the news, he claimed, was now broadcasted, therefore erasing the importance of reading about current affairs in the papers. And the most outrageous claim of all, was that technology was created by the devil himself.
Over and over again, he would choose this.
and soft around the edges, lamenting about getting his hands greasy enough to taint the pages of his books. Knowledge was like a drug to him, for since he was a toddler, Castiel had picked up where Mary left off by ensuring that Dean’s head was filled with all the fairytales and well-selected classics to entertain him during any time of the day. And since his best friend and god father’s titles ranged from Moby Dick to The Economist to a copy of Vogue or Entertainment Weekly, Dean’s conversations never dulled anyone.
“Even if they are in love with each other” Castiel sidestepped the question and smiled at Sam and Jessica sitting side by side, admiring the sunset through the trees. “I cannot see it happening soon, a marriage, I mean. Things need time to blossom into such serious affairs. And I will not encourage you to intervene in any way, Dean.”
After the applause died down, the three of them circled around the floor to the soft, beautiful tunes of Pachelbel - Canon In D Major.
“In my bag, why?” He couldn’t dive for it in time as she snatched the satchel from the ground and fished out the mobile. “Charlie, don’t you dare.”
On his way upstairs, he stole a copy of the newspapers rolled up and abandoned in the lobby. Then after reaching his room, he pushed open the doors leading out onto the small balcony.
At first, he was entirely confused because he felt very cold, like every inch of his body and the blanket; a rose red; was lightly strewn over him in a fashion that suggested only one thing.
But his remarks were left unchecked as Castiel stared back, obviously dumbfounded. Overwhelmed suddenly with a rush of feelings that had been held back by a dam he thought was sturdy enough. Now was bursting forth with so many feelings for Dean, he couldn't even breathe.
“You don’t seem so bad,” I said softly, smiling from the warm sensation curling around my chest and totally enjoying every single second of it. “You’re a good conversationalist. For a boss.”
Sam packed their bags into the trunk of the car whilst slurping on a smoothie Jody had whipped up from cucumbers, tomatoes and peaches. Everything was going like clockwork. They bid their farewells with warm hugs. Claire held onto Cas a little too longer than any other time before. Alex wandered over to confide in him that Donna and Jody were on the mend and then he climbed into the driver's side, holding his breath as Cas jumped into the backseat.
Leave comments let me know if you enjoyed this story please!
"Maybe it's to conceal devilish red eyes she sports from being Satan in disguise," Castiel studied the stone structure of the building stretching five stories upwards. "Are you going to tell me why she left in a haste? Or do I have to get down on my knees and beg?"
Since when does Dean us the word
“Just like your big—” biting his lips immediately to cease the tumble of words out in the open, Castiel stared as a soft blush crept across his face.
He wasn't quite sure whether something had happened between them. The last time they had talked, everything had been fine. Dean had been on the road for two days, and had called that morning to ask Cas if had a good night's sleep, knowing fully well that the angel never didn't sleep at all. And after their usual banter about whether Cas had binged on Netflix or transferred any stuffed animals onto the hunter's bed, they both ended off with affectionate words.
. You know…"
Dean sighed, sipped his coffee and felt so empty inside all over again. "Walking on a field of bombs."
“Okay…”
“Damn you,” Castiel chuckled and nudged the younger man’s shoulder playfully. “I can’t help it if I’m a shorter package. And I’m not referring to my…” he cleared his throat, cheeks dusted pink and actually seemed embarrassed by the slip of the tongue. “I’m merely referring to the top of my head to the soles of my feet.”
"Oh god," Sam squeezed his eyes shut, "don't think about it. Don't think about it." He rolled onto his side and tried to hum the lyrics to Eye of the Tiger.
The two of them stopped and faced each other whilst the younger considered his boots and the other scrutinized bashful green eyes. Whenever the question was posed, something inside of Dean felt very similar to an earthquake’s tremor and the worst part of it all was being completely aware of the reason. Maybe the feeling wasn’t unsettling but a lot of anxiousness stemming from a very much unforgettable memory in his childhood seemed so ridiculous after all these years.
“Maybe the two of you should start packing,” came Sam’s voice from the doorway. He cleared his throat.
"Sam, could you…" Cas peered up at the taller Winchester with haunting eyes that began to plead.
"Huh," Dean frowned. "That doesn't sound like Sam. Did he go for his morning run?"
After a few seconds, someone opened up and Castiel slid into the molly house*. Out of all the women clad in very suggestive clothing, Charlie being one of them, gave him a nod and closed the door immediately after he was in because they had known each other for a long time. He had become a familiar face and despite their rules of secrecy, their expressions revealed that he was welcome in there whenever the need arose.
Believing that both of them were severely fatigued from the recent events, Dean trailed the same path they had trodden before and felt somewhat lighter. Not quite. But mostly. Cas still had doubts. He didn’t realize the depth of the other man’s fears but apparently he had been convinced that someday Dean would run into the arms of a woman.
Even as his footsteps dragged slowly past my desk, I could sense the anxiety in the air after we last talked to each other. But I wasn’t in the mood. Not that night. Not when I had a brother to go home to who was heartbroken. Not when I had a job to focus on, because I wasn’t pumped with money. Not when I felt like a complete fool for ever hoping. Not after the way he talked to me last night.
"I'd love to try a vibrator on you. Watch you squirm whilst those green eyes shine in the dark. Or maybe we can try what's it called?" Cas squinted and considered the sky for two beats, "…6 to 9? Sixty-nine? Blowing each other's minds? No pun intended?"
But he really desired to listen to the low hum of Castiel's voice, because in the evenings, his tone dulled from the chirpy quality earlier in the day to a rather soothing tempo. It was almost as if he bonded with the sprinkle of stars and moon that hung in the velvet sky, creating a sense of calm that was quite serene and beautiful. And deciding that it wasn't acceptable for them to stretch an entire day without communicating, he owned up to taking the responsibility of his actions.
“Do you want socks?” he asked softly, his voice cracking too much. “Your feet too cold?”
“Dean, you shouldn’t be using drugs!” I said in a strained voice because this was leading me into a dark place I didn’t want to go back to. “I know that it’s bad for you right now. The divorce, the media, and I know that it’s hard to cope with all of this. But in order for me to save you, you’ve got to listen to me. You have to stop with the drugs.”
Dean shook his head and sighed then he gingerly chewed on his lips whilst fingering the bunch of keys. "No."
"Cas, just so you know," Sam said from the backseat, sprawled out and munching on an energy bar, "Dean wears boxers with little hearts on them. And he has this weird fetish for lace—"
“Ten years.”
"Cas!" he tried to bat the other man's hands away and still, when his butt hit the edge of the table, and the two of them stared at each other with a thousand burning flames behind their eyes, Dean quickly began to lose control.
“There’s a first for everything,” she said shrugging. “Maybe you two can plan a sleepover.”
“There is no girl,” Dean painfully admitted, allowing their eyes to meet as he offered up a soft look.
"Yes!" came all three replies in unison until the baby started repeating the word over and over again, louder each time.
“Well, thank you for noticing such details about me,” Castiel sounded impressed but avoided eye contact. The drizzle stopped but the wind through the leaves still sent droplets flying.
"Who?" Dean offered a confused look.
“Hey, I’m not stupid,” Dean playfully punched her, “I’m adorable, remember?”
He had been doing a lot of deep thinking lately. Talking to his demons. Listening to them whisper and toss around as they weren't trying to rip him apart anymore. But they were dancing around because of the dangers of love. And they were reveling in the feeling.
"Because you made me fall in love with you. You…" Castiel tugged Dean's sweater away from his jeans and carded his gloved hand upwards, "made me change my plans of having a normal life where I would be a normal accountant and financial advisor, with a boring wife and spend the rest of my years withering away to nothing."
"Don't I know it," Garth snorted and his legs almost tangled with his boss before he steadied them again with a sigh of relief. "Once I topped off two six packs of beer with Johnnie and I couldn't move the next day. Jack makes you numb though."
Now, Cas merely considered Sam without looking at Dean and then, almost as if he was completely spaced out, the angel mumbled something.
“Walk away, Clarke,” Benny said through his teeth as he pushed Dean back after his friend was ready to punch the other guy’s face. “Walk away and shut up.”
As soon as I was about to turn around and sweep the area again, my vision was obscured by the same man blocking my path. And oh my God. This was…not right! This wasn’t supposed to happen like it seemed to be. Because as I stared into green eyes, the amazing scent of Irish Spring consumed my mind. And instantly, I was floored by reality, knowing now what I knew back then, I wouldn’t have second guessed any of it. I would have taken one look at him and done what we should have killed time and achieved all the way since then. But in times when you are so preoccupied with nerves, the most ridiculous things can cloud your judgment.
Castiel nodded, pushed the wine bottle away with his index finger and leaned a hip onto the counter. "I am entitled to, aren't I? 2020 thus far has been quite eventful for me and I'm allowed to digress from cups of tea and…bottles of sparkling water. Why are you judging me, Dean?"
,” he said softly, eyes lingering on the spot and pulling me into disappointment. Then he dabbed his finger onto the front of his t-shirt. “Thanks for saving me tonight, Superman. See you on Monday.”
“And Balthazar?” Dean could already feel the pain seeping through Castiel’s pores. “If you don’t want to talk about it, it’s fine, Cas.”
Dean could feel Castiel just under the coarse denim, hot and hard and definite in glorious inches that tormented his dreams every chance his mind allowed.
Castiel swallowed hard and nodded slowly. “Go on.”
Annalise sighed. “I was just about to ask you the same thing,” the worry laced in between her words weren’t undetectable. “I haven’t seen him since Monday night when I left Scotland. I didn’t know he was going with Mary until I got there and then Dean just ditched us. Well, it’s nothing new.”
"I…um," Dean swallowed hard and quietly considered their hands linked together still. All the little slivers of electricity that shot through his fingers were slowly making their way to other parts of his body that had been numb for a long time since. He decided to settle back on the couch.
"I want to come with you," Castiel said weakly, still holding onto those hands that were like icicles inside of wool. “There is no other way I’m allowing this—"
Dean remembered. He stared at the shirt and couldn’t quite believe how long it had been since that one cold night when the other man was literally shivering inside a motel room. And he had pulled the shirt out and tossed it over at a confused Cas. Now though, Cas looked so damn good wearing his clothes, Dean sighed deeply and felt small butterflies swirling around inside his chest. His heart was galloping, almost as if he was riding high on ecstasy and when the other man approached the bed, Dean held his breath.
“I never said to follow through,” her green eyes sparkled and she tossed a red bean into her mouth, “but hey, you’re smitten so obviously that’s the outcome.”
“The Press Secretary has denied that the article is in any way affiliated to the Royal Family,” Zachariah poked his head into the office with a wide smile. “Can you imagine what it must feel like to them? Like being fucked from behind.”
Dean though, was far too revved up to discontinue the line of thought. “Why are you looking at me like that? You don’t think I’m telling the truth? Dude, it’s not like I’m on a mission to tie down some girl, you know? And the funny part about you believing that I am, is that you
And after he strode away, descended the stairs and walked out into the snowy backyard until he was out of earshot, the two friends who remained behind sent each other bewildered stares. Three calls he made afterwards, the first to Jody who elaborated on the charges and the connections revealed from one of the men who spilled the truth easily. He cracked under pressure because of his buddies declining to plead guilty and after deciding that jail may not be the best place for him, Crowley's name came up easily.
Castiel squeaked. “I can’t feel my legs. I think I’ve lost them.”
"Right, right," Dean frowned from the change in tone and stopped just enough to focus, "uh, you said you'll call when you get time."
"Now, he's going to make it seem like I need him to stick around over here after the two of you tie the knot," John leaned forward and lowered his voice whilst glancing at the backdoor, "but don’t think that it's a big thing for me. I got enough help around here and he'd just be across the moor anyway so it's not like he's moving a whole country away like this one here." He jerked his chin at Sam who sighed and rolled his eyes. "You two need to build your own life together somehow and to have your own privacy."
“Just don’t be late again,” Dean smiled for a split of second. “And finish your reports on time. I don’t want people harassing me because my husband gets off the hook and the rest of them don’t.”
His toes curled in his boots, as Dean’s hands wound around his waist and deepened their first kiss. Castiel tilted his head and felt Dean’s passion; how he was so damn good at moving in and capturing his bottom lip and pulling, teasing him with a soft smile and then coming in again like the rains after a hot summer.
(See the end of the chapter for
"Good, because I'm still hating you for this," Dean held up the bottle of lube. "I mean, really? Really, Sam? You could have just stuck to the Irish Spring and boxers, man. Not this."
Charlie snorted and widened her eyes at him, evidently impressed to process the information. “Dude, that is like—"
“No,” I said, my chest growing cold because someone else knew. Dammit, I had to do something. “We were just talking—”
“How could you be so utterly stupid, boy?” Rowena fired back after Sam was safely tucked away in the car. Her eyes flashed. “You never ever sacrifice the ones you love so why have you done it to Castiel? I understand that your feelings might be completely confusing because of who he is but you could have gotten him killed!”
"Here", he said, pushing the letter a little under Cas' right elbow. "For keepsake. I don't know if you'll read the rest but he wants to talk to you. I guess I can't tell you what to do right now. I just feel that the two of you need space. Maybe being away from each other for awhile will reap good results. But for now, Cas," Sam lightly touched his best friend's right arm, "let it all out. Just…let the tears flow and…" His observation of the angel's collapse wasn't something to marvel over. But it was enough to prove to Sam that love did transcend worlds.
His chest shook from sobs because he missed those hugs. He missed the way Cas smelled like honey and ginger and cinnamon. The soft feel of his lips. How he tasted like peanut butter and peppermint toothpaste. His warm breath…Dean still felt Cas’ lips on his neck. And because he remembered those intimate moments, he cried because he remembered the times they made love. Over and over again. Holding onto each other as if they didn’t want to ever let go. Falling, unbecoming and exposing every single emotion during those intimate moments.
“Once when I was a kid,” he shrugged and sunk onto the window seat where the view of the front yard and beyond was always so breathtaking. “It’s just that he’s been coming over here constantly so there’s no need to visit him. And it’s not like I have any reason to. The dude practically lives here. Come take a look at this.” He gestured for her to join him at the window where the soft seat was always welcoming.
"So you
It was like ticking off another item on his bucket list; having an intimate moment in the office. “You’re quite aware of what happens after we kiss each other, right?” Castiel’s eyes widened. “We can never
King John went as far as telling the public that he had a son and a daughter before Sam's birth. And Castiel couldn't begin to imagine the hurt and shame Dean must have felt, contained in these walls. It must have felt like a prison so he designed his room as his escape.
After locking the doors, the warm winter coat bundled up around him, he traversed the path leading from one house to the other and along the way, Dean’s heart lifted inside of his chest. Anxiousness and nervousness, a sense of feeling somewhat disappointed that he never really crossed that particular path in so many years, immediately highlighting that along the way, his bedroom window remained visible. This probably meant that every single night when he sat in the window seat and gazed at Castiel’s form disappearing down the path, the older man if he glanced behind him would immediately discover the profile of Dean by the curtain.
“Woah,” I sat back and considered her with heavy awe. No way was she…so suggestive of showing any attention to the IT nerd. “Since when is Tran your type? I thought…that you were into older men.”
"What?" green eyes widened. "Unzip my pants and fuck you on this table right here?" Slapping a hand onto the surface, Dean inclined his head and winked. "Don't tempt me. But then Sam might walk in and it could be very traumatic for him. Especially if he's bringing Mala."
"Every time I close my eyes," Castiel achieved just that, and settled back into the chair, "I can still see that image you sent me where you're clearly…outlined in your slacks and very much straining to be released. And I keep…dreaming of what you must taste like…"
“She couldn’t even decide whether to use the red balls or green ones,” his friend lamented on Dorothy’s decision to decorate the small Christmas tree in a rather ridiculous fashion. “It’s not like it’s rocket science. Anyway, after she went out, I just took all the green balls off and hung up the pink ones along with the red.”
Castiel always adored the young woman and her quirky personality. “How’s Dorothy? The flu left or still residing in your flat?”
"Six Christmases ago, man. Didn't know he'd still keep those around. That's from your uncle Deano," he proudly beamed at their enthusiastic expressions whilst they ripped away the pink paper.
Castiel shook his head in shame and sighed.
“You’re just making this harder, man,” Sam unfolded himself and stretched, offering a sympathetic look. “The guy’s going to think you’re not interested and then he’s going to be mad when you finally tell him that you’d like to blow him.”
indeed done such a thing, but the words seemed to float around the younger man without being absorbed through his shell and despite the overwhelming generosity of words and love, there were still doubts.
“Cas…”
"Now we're talking," the hunter's cheeks flushed as he pushed the bottle away and settled on gazing at the other man. Nothing else in the world would look so good. Not even pie or cake. "So um," Dean rested both arms on the table and tried to show a composed face. "About last night…I wasn't really stable. I'm still not okay. And how I feel is…" he decided to take things slow, to formulate his feelings into words, "I feel like every time we get close, like this, then something happens to us. When I joked about the backseat of Baby I didn't mean that –"
The black tailored suit wrinkled in places where the children harassed their uncle. But Castiel thought him to be quite alright in appearance, regardless.
Castiel:
"At a loss for words?"
"Are you seriously being like this now? In front of everyone?” Dean’s voice shook a little whilst his chest exploded. “Can you stop overreacting right now?"
Dean seemed speechless at that point, obviously floored and he sighed. “Shit, I’m sorry about that. Here I am talking about a bad divorce when you were literally staring death in the face, huh?” when I nodded slowly, he shook his head. “Yeah, that’ll do it. When hope’s all you got, it’s enough to keep grinding. I mean, I’ve never actually been…down in the dumps that much to…end it. But with the way I’m feeling right now, I can see myself spiraling downwards, you know?”
“I like you, Dean,” I said recklessly, hoping that he wouldn’t remember any of this tomorrow. “I like you a lot and I need you to know that I want to care. I don’t have a choice.”
The older man swallowed hard and stared back as if blinded by his own declaration and completely wounded by it. Shaking his head and inhaling deeply, Castiel unclenched his fists and stared angrily into green orbs. When the wind swept in and whipped the trees, filling the air with the sound of rustling leaves, the two of them stared at each other for a long time.
“Why didn’t you?” Castiel discovered that he was smiling and melting into the seat. “Look how many times I’ve seen you in the hallway at school. You could have said hi.”
“Spiked or all natural?” Dean kept his arm around the younger boy as they walked towards the table. “If you’ve never had alcohol, Cas, I think you shouldn’t choose to go there tonight. Maybe when we’re hanging out, just you, me and Sammy, then a beer or two might be okay.”
"I don't feel like I'm
By the time Dean descended the stairs into the bunker, the bunch of flowers hidden behind his back and a blue gift bag swinging from the other hand, he was exhausted. It was almost five in the afternoon and he was so tired of thinking during the rest of the drive home. Thinking about what Claire had said about him being human and Cas…an angel. And how it was crazy. Would an angel and a human even be allowed to share something so special like love?
after all these years? We were kids."
"So do you feel as if you can't really breathe when you're with me?" Dean braved all odds and kept their eyes connected. "Like you're suffocating?"
"Huh?"
"You bought a six pack tonight…" Castiel pointed out softly, toeing the parking lot and then allowing their eyes to meet again
What would he do? What were two men supposed to do? Were they supposed to use their hands on each other like they did on themselves? There had to be more, and there certainly used to be so many gay references in high school when people kept teasing Benny about being
"Dean," Sam tried to bring his brother back to the room. He jerked his chin at Cas. "Tell him."
They gazed at each other for a long time whilst the afternoon settled into a quieter Sunday. The surface on the Thames grew glassy and the bells stopped pealing. Then when the two of them were quite bored from sitting in one attitude, Dean led the way, and Castiel followed, both of them ending up a few inches from the water.
"Because you're not gay."
“Best friend, huh?” Ellen snorted. “Stop whining like a girl and get a grip of yourself. I can guarantee you that that ain’t the way best friends look at each other. You two were making out through your eyes and it was too cute. Dean, put down the damn book and go over there.”
“I…did,” his mind was spinning, knowing how close they were and dying to be touched so much more. “I spent five years putting myself through night classes at a community learning center to become certified in journalism. I remembered sleeping in Gabe’s dorm room and then at Michael’s…my brothers. And then I started writing articles for small newsletters until I wrote a piece on an affair a popular businessman at the time was having with a married woman.”
"Dean, Cas told you multiple times he loves you but not in those exact words, man."
about six gifts seated on the red skirt that bore his name on the cards, and the first one he plucked up was a green gift bag, compliments of Ellen and Bobby. Now baby Dean was so eager to plant himself in the middle of everything, that he tumbled into his uncle's lap and plopped onto his back, legs and arms waving wildly. So, the older Winchester naturally focused all his attention on his nephew by poking his nose and cheeks softly. And everyone gazed from their places with loving eyes, especially Castiel whose heart melted from witnessing once again, Dean's naturally comfortable behavior around children.
"To be fair," Castiel understood how bothered the other man was, "you're still young. At your age, I was…trying to stand on my own two feet. Now eleven years later, I'm still uncertain of what my purpose is. I think it has something to do with discovering the truth about aliens. But I am still a work in progress."
“Are you talking about this?” Cas slipped his hand boldly between the hunter’s legs and felt Dean shudder from the intimate touch. It was like a few sparks had travelled through both their bodies from such a bold contact. The way he cupped Dean’s hardened cock nestled in his boxers and measured the length bravely, his fingers diving lower and lower until he unearthed a moan so low and deep, the hunter had no choice but to cling onto the edge.
“Did I do something to upset you?” this time Castiel’s tone was softer and immediately he was examined with a frown. “The last time we spoke, you…pulled away from me and left abruptly and then for three days now, you’ve been avoiding me like the plague. Not even a phone call to check up on me. I can’t help but feel like I’ve said something out of line or—”
Within fifteen minutes though, the document was resuscitated and submitted via email to Sam, who showed a thumbs up from his corner of the office. Then after receiving a long phone call that kept him occupied for quite some time, the smile was replaced with a mischievous grin and gesturing at Castiel, he stood up.
, right? He could get any woman because he was rich and good-looking and oozed sex appeal. But what he couldn’t get was the undivided attention of a certain young man who was determined to avoid any
"So I brought paper and a pen," Sam went on as if Cas' suddenly amazement in fishing was totally normal. "I figure that we could start on your side of things now."
“Cas, it’s not like that,” Dean severely avoided the older man’s intense gaze, “I’m not trying to do anything to you. I’m…” trembling from a painful sob, he separated himself although Castiel reached for him in a haste, and he sought out the staircase.
“Very informative and well received,” Castiel nodded, returning his hand onto Dean’s left shoulder and squeezing softly. “I daresay, you two will have quite a lovely time perusing the pages together. Am I wrong, Charlie?”
"I'm afraid you do need to take up a visit to your optician soonest," when he heard Dean's laughter again, his smile stretched from ear to ear. "I refuse to believe that I am such a fierce creature to behold."
“I…” Castiel battled with his feelings, trying to gain composure whilst avoiding Dean’s soft, green eyes and when he couldn’t manage to stare at his pasta any longer, he stared out the window. “Sam and Eileen are so happy and young. And when I was sitting at the table having lunch, it dawned upon me that out of the four of us, I’m the eldest and…”
“Dean, thank you.”
But it couldn’t be. Not now. We weren’t in the office so this had to be an emergency. “Dean?” Gabe was looking at me with a quizzical brow. “What’s wrong?”
“Sex with the right person is.”
"I can't stay here with you right now," Cas tried to keep his voice level although he was crumbling inside. "We both need to cool off or else we might have another go at expelling our anger."
The oohs and ahhs that emanated from the sea of faces was enough to glorify Charlie’s admiration for her friend who stood there, quite a natural already although he wasn’t even a teacher as yet. He was so comfortable in front of a classroom, eager to divulge information to curious little minds and for an entire hour, the class thoroughly enjoyed his discussion on The Invisible Man by H.G Wells.
"Regardless," Cas sent him a cautious look, "Sam had good intentions. He always does. Clean your plate. There are hungry children in Syria who have not a morsel to eat."
“What is it?” he asked hoarsely.
“It doesn’t, Dean,” Castiel said softly, squeezing the tips of his fingers one by one and slumping his shoulders as if fatigued from the conversation. “I feel the same way.”
“Can you just shut the hell up now?” Dean’s cheeks were slightly crimson but perhaps a little more of a consequence from the topic of sex than the warmth from the fireplace. “Is he teething already?”
Sam sighed and regretted his statement. “Like dad.”
Castiel gasped when Dean suddenly wrapped an arm around his waist and tugged him in closer. But the younger man’s intention was to initiate a hug, to close the distance between them. Immediately though, the passion intensified and desperately, their lips danced nearer, their eyelashes fluttering, warm breath kissing each other’s faces. And because Castiel was so unprepared for the returned feelings that finally signaled how deeply Dean was attracted to him, he couldn’t catch his breath.
“Orphanage,” Dean said, chuckling and closing the distance with so much amusement. “Thought I’d never see you again. Was actually going to swing by and check up on your progress. You know…whether you decided to own your life instead of hanging out with those assholes…”
“Work,” Dean checked the clipboard and realized that ten pieces of equipment had already been moved upstairs in less than an hour. “Hey, where did you get these men from? A steroid camp?”
“You’re fucking with me,” Castiel stared back with widened eyes. “Dean, are you serious?”
Castiel was so astonished by the suggestive words of driving Dean to suicide, he instantly grew angrier by the second.
The stunned expression on the older man's face was carefully studied by green eyes that offered nothing but a sense of being wounded. "The feeling was mutual," Castiel said softly, his voice dipping along with his gaze, onto folded hands that wouldn't remain still. "When I saw you this afternoon, that is."
"Yes, I remember," Cas peered up into Dean's face and their eyes met. And Dean…he had the softest look in those green eyes. His expression was mellow and warm and beautiful
"Knew what?" Alex piped in, coming to perch on the arm of the couch.
Both of them guffawed until the security guard slowly approached them and winding through the racks of clothing, they narrowly escaped after cashing out in haste.
By the time Castiel did emerge from the shower ten minutes after Dean though, towel wrapped around his waist, he came face to face with a large stuffed bee dressed in a trench coat, sitting right next to his duffel bag. A small gasp drifted from his lips, and slowly, he approached the most amazing thing he had seen in such a long time whilst the younger man pawed around for something nice to wear and chuckled quite guiltily.
"I don't. Where's the car?"
"It means the same thing."
If the request was achieved, then his experience probably would have been more intense, and perhaps too exhilarating for Castiel to maintain composure. But the Prince’s explanations, intermingled with good humor would have been entertaining.
"No one…will," Castiel collected Dean's face between his palms and his bottom lip nudged those perfect lips apart. He then claimed a kiss that was deeper than the first one, the blanket pooling around their waists and concealing most of what was not clothed. Except for them exposed from the hips downwards, it would seem as if they were merely sharing a passionate kiss when all of such assumptions were quite wrong. "Are you comfortable? Does it hurt?"
“Come in,” came the usual gruff voice, almost too familiar in its quality that Castiel oftentimes thought about what it must be like for the other man. Did he ever want to escape? Did he like being in there all the time?
At the moment though, he wasn't so certain that what resided within him was amazing.
The King looked unfazed by the whole conversation, standing next to his wife who was always smiling like her two youngest sons.
Nothing.
as agreeable?”
Dean was everything that Castiel thought he was not though.
Dean nodded, understood that as easy as it appeared when others elaborated on their wounds, he believed that his own scars were far too sensitive to be touched. “I don’t want to talk about Lee, okay?” he croaked, refusing to allow eye contact and hugging himself. “I really and truly don’t because I don’t want to live through that nightmare again. It was the worst three years of my damn life and pretending that I was okay to you especially and dad and Ellen was like me acting so hard to be convincing enough.”
"Listen, get a shower," Sam suggested with an inquisitive look, "a cold one. Put on your best shirt, grab a cup of coffee and if you happen to fall asleep, Cas will take the top half of you and I'll drag the bottom."
Dean's long sigh suggested a frustration that resulted from the turn of their conversation. "You could never be more wrong about me, Cas. If you only knew the real me, then you'd realize that I'm not the person you think I am."
“No,” Castiel returned softly and gazed back as the younger man studied his face, “this…is actually a place I created for someone very special to use but unfortunately, I only keep hoping for that day to come.”
"Why?"
"Maybe you should read it," Sam said frowning. "Or maybe I will. First." He raised his eyebrows, seeking permission.
"Goodbye, Claire," Jack said smiling widely.
“He used his damn hands on you!” she bounced on the chair. “I knew it! Because if it was a kiss, you wouldn’t look that constipated. Goddammit. Did he make you—”
Charlie sighed, returned a gaze to her best friend and the two of them blinked slowly at each other. The message delivered was very honest on Castiel’s side; that he wished more than ever that Dean would join them. And Charlie returned that she thought it was best, accompanied by a slow nod.
"Well you know what?" Sam said, sitting up and inhaling deeply.
It was almost as if Dean was slowly unwinding, opening up just enough to allow their souls to taste each other over and over again. And Castiel’s mouth kept on exploring the back of neck, tasting what he most desired and latching onto a weak spot just between Dean’s shoulder blades that melted him like butter. He never imagined in his wildest dream that such spots existed until the older man claimed them and kept dominating the feeling that curled Dean’s toes constantly.
“Got us some food, but let me drop this off real quick for Sam.” He steps away from Cass and as he’s about to come my way, his arm is taken and he’s yanked back. “Yo, not so rough, come on. We talked about this,” Dean says all convincingly innocent and shit. “What’s up with you?”
"No," Cas shook his head although smiling in confusion. "Dean would not like that very much. I think he would prefer an Elsa costume."
"I think it's one of the many reasons why my son is so drawn to you," her eyes remained on his face. Her disposition remained cheerful. "He is so obsessed with Austen."
“Yeah, I know what you mean. I had a girlfriend who bought me all the Percy Jackson books but after we broke up, I never could read them without thinking of her.” Their eyes lingered on each other and a mutual understanding of sexuality passed between them.
“God, you smell so delish.” Charlie sniffed his chest boldly and sighed. “Which convinces me that they always make these colognes with the right scents to drive women crazy.”
After she rung the bell to signal him leaving the room, Sam was waiting just outside the door. And when the youngest Winchester noticed his friend emerging, he sprang up gleefully.
Dean sighed and shook his head, obviously irritated by the debate when in his mind, he was only doing his brother a lot of good rather than bad. “You’re not even remotely the romantic type.”
"All my life, I have been anything but normal," Dean said. "You know that. You know about my past and what happened to me. Dammit, Cas. I lived through it and so did the entire world because they've always known that I'm the only member of the Royal family that actually gives a shit about showing who he really is –"
“Is that the term these days? I thought…we are already past being boys.”
Castiel turned to smile into Dean’s warm cheek. “What’s so funny?”
"Dean?" Castiel's tone was softened almost to a whisper, "would you like us to speak about what happened yesterday?" and there it was, what he most feared; the inability to never let something go. "Forgive me for being so persistent but I cannot deny that we need to address it at least?"
"Um, well I can't call you baby because the term is evidently a name for your precious car."
Now though, Dean could feel Cas’ eyes on him.
"This is the most beautiful thing ever," Sam said softly, patting Cas on the shoulder. "You're breaking Dean with songs that he wouldn't even listen to when I play them. If this isn't the best love story ever, then I don't know what is. Sam out." And throwing himself back onto the seat, his lanky frame disappeared as he tried to avoid the two lovers in the front seat obviously drowning in their feelings for each other.
"Hello, son," Chuck said smiling warmly as something dangerous glinted behind his eyes. "Missed me?"
When his head softly hit the pillow at nights, Castiel smelled Dean on the sheets and wondered how such a thing could be possible. The scent of Irish Spring kept clinging to his clothes and burying itself into his pores, hugging him in a warm and sensual embrace. And most of all, the distinct shade of Dean’s green eyes was forever imprinted on the back of his eyelids, so those orbs were the first gift he fell asleep to and the last parts of his dreams when he stirred in the mornings.
Mary's gown was a beautiful shade of aquamarine. A color that he detested but adored on her because she wore the piece so well with its short sleeves and white gloves covered in the same color sequins. Even her blonde hair was neatly swept up into her signature look, twisted in place by two gold butterfly clasps that had been a gift from King John on their engagement.
"I didn't have to say anything, Sammy," Dean whispered. "I've never told you this before, but since Cas raised me from hell, he can read my mind as easy as breathing. And that night in the car, I thought a lot."
“You go first,” Cas rolled over onto his back and stared at the ceiling, blinking slowly as if he was still trying to come back to reality.
Dean chuckled, resting their foreheads together. A light snow began to drift onto the window’s ledge through the glass. “You are on top of the world. Well, my world at least. And there you will remain forever because you deserve to be up there.”
"It's more than ridiculous because he's freaking twenty years older than me and I needed people around my age to relate to. I couldn't get him of all people to understand why I needed to hang at parties and get wasted. He thought those things were wrong and would make me turn into a rebel."
But before she could even turn the page, something strange caught her attention that was tucked inside the book. It was barely peeping out but visibly there and so she tugged out a photo that melted her heart even further.
"The Duke of York followed suit a few times too," Bill said, immediately capturing Castiel's interest although he didn't wish to care. "He comes out and checks up on what we're doing even if we aren't here. He's good with the kids. Always brings more than enough bags of treats for them on every visit."
“Have you
"Cas, don't do that," Dean pleaded in a wounded tone. "It's not like we're in the movie Pretty Woman and I don't have…terms, okay? I'm just on the same page as you are. I'm clueless too."
“Also,” Kevin bit into his burger and bounced on his seat from excitement, “I kind of sent the guy’s ID, his name on the lease of the apartment Sally’s staying at, his car license and the receipt and bank statement to the legal team.”
Eileen, after entering her last month of pregnancy, was subject to an abundance of rest in the most suitable place of quietness and bliss. Therefore, on accompanying his wife to their home in Hampshire, Sam invited Dean and Castiel along. And although Dean’s depressive state still persisted, there was an honesty in declaring that Castiel was holding him upright along every step of the way.
“Not here,” Gabriel scolded, eyes darting around as he pulled his two brothers towards a window covered in heavy blue blinds. “Now,” after they were out of earshot and remarkably returned to good spirits, he sighed, “tell us all the little details about how your first time was.”
"I guess it depends on how things go. Then I'd know if it's going to be long term. But I'd like that. I really would."
"Get a grip of yourself," Ellen lashed his rear and he dramatically cooed in satisfaction before the fit of giggles erupted again. "What about your brother? He's a hunk too. You're always so determined to come out as the sexier one."
“I am
Later that evening, the conversation still lingered on his mind, and as he watched Dean proudly build a pillow fort in front of the door leading out onto the tower from the bedroom upstairs, Castiel tried to ignore the wrath of John. Effortlessly the fear of an angry spirit was chased away when Dean pulled the blinds apart and kept the glass door closed because the view was stunning through trees.
Ruby didn’t have it and neither did Meg. Of course, there was no public listing. A Google Search was like hitting a blank wall. And the more he searched, the more he wounded himself up into a fatigued state.
Castiel shivered within the storm capturing the little town Jody lived in. He hugged himself and felt so cold. He was consumed by all these shameful thoughts.
“Well, it happens to the best of us, especially since you’ve locked yourself in here and refuses to talk to him. Come on, man. Let’s get this over with. It’s going on to 4 and people are getting flustered.”
The torment reached a point where just after Castiel slipped under the blanket, Dean squeezed his eyes shut and swallowed hard because he couldn’t chase away how much he desired the older man. He couldn’t survive the distance between them for an entire night and after weakly closing the book and resting it on the bedside table, he decided that some kind of conversation needed to happen.
Dean lowered his gaze. “Well, I was sent to Scotland when my father found out. I think it was the one thing that he did for me that was good in a way because the school was like a manual labor camp for boys. Had us grinding day and night to build fences and work machines. Plow grass and dig trenches. And along the way, I got into fights and had experiences with boys that made me so sure that I wasn’t straight.”
“Dean, how do you feel now that your father is dead?”
“You know what?” Dean suddenly expelled passionately, “I am. You had no right scolding me like I’m a kid. In case you haven’t noticed, I’m older and wiser and handsome now.”
“Stop,” Cas whispered as Sam scowled in the darkened space. “You’re going to make him mad. Don’t…” he smiled as Dean leaned back on his elbows and shuffled into his space, a small smile also playing on his lips. Then tugging his fluff of green closer to Cas, Dean broadened the space between himself and his brother. By then, he was literally shoulder to shoulder with Cas who obviously savored the warmth whilst he hugged his bowl of popcorn.
“It’s nothing like that.”
“No, you don’t, you really don’t Dean, you…” the older man’s gloved hand attempted to reach out and caress such a perfect jawline in his eyes but he held back. “You’re afraid of what this means. You’re holding back. I know that I'm not perfect and I'll fuck this up constantly and I'll say the wrong things. I'll be the one who makes you cry when I don't mean to and I'll…" he whimpered, completely losing his ability to stay leveled. "I'll blame you for things that you don't deserve to be blamed for. I'll make you angry, so angry with me and you'll do the same. But I love you," he rushed out weakly, gripping the door and staring. "Dean Winchester, I'll always love you, okay? More than myself."
It was like walking into another world. The walls were covered in a soft blue with twinkling stars and framed on them were pictures of each Disney prince and princess who were ever happily ever married.
"Put Cas on," the younger Winchester collected a squirming Mary from next to his thigh and deposited her into the backseat of the car beside her mother. "Let me talk to my future brother-in-law."
“It’s my birthday,” the hunter said smirking, and totally unlike himself. “I decide when I want to unwrap that…gift” he gestured between Cas’ legs. Blue eyes stared back in disbelief. “I really and truly would love to fuck you with my mouth but I’m not that easy. This is you paying with time for leaving me.” And smoothly, he pressed the back of his hand to his sore lips, gave Cas one last longing gaze, and then Dean swiftly sauntered out of the kitchen.
going to tell you about the other campus stories. So, Dean…since you're so smug right now, why don't you tell us one of your tales?"
“I know you do. That’s why I purposely used it and if you continue to touch me with your eyes, I’m going to find this moment rather uncomfortable, Dean.”
Castiel signed at Eileen who seemed unfazed by the banter.
Sam had been eavesdropping that night. After hearing Dean's outburst, of course he sprang up from the bed and rushed out, only to find another heated scene between his brother and his best friend. This time though, he was able to assess both sides as an outsider, equipped with enough knowledge to ascertain the idiot and the abused. And oh Chuck was Dean the idiot. To throw away every damn second Cas saved his ass. To turn a blind eye on every goddamn thing they had gone through together. Nah, it was too stupid to even warrant his sympathy for Dean.
in love with me,” he mouthed behind the younger man’s back, blue eyes widening. “I’m so happy, I cannot believe it and the most—” when Dean glanced at him, Castiel clamped his mouth shut and appeared to be studying the upstairs window of the house.
who called me a virgin mockingly, as if it was the worst thing in the world? Not that I
Caressing a Gillette Mach 3 set of the darkest blue, he felt a little unsettled from the memory going back to two months ago when Sheila from Business Mathematics exchanged notes for a quickie behind the Chem labs. Her lips were bright red and her rack very much like melons except that he hadn't really been interested in that particular fruit but the outcome of just having sex with someone. Anyone.
Cas fucked up everything that was normal. It was his fault entirely that everything went wrong, wasn't it? The times when they were on the right path, and then Cas came along, screwing with his psyche. Messing around with his damn mind. He felt like his heart was always playing games, knocking around one night stands and still unable to satisfy that craving.
. Those two words would possibly haunt him into the New Year but he was allowed to feel the knife sink in.
An eye roll and Cas turning away to lean against the wall are the only response he receives. Dean hesitates for a second longer. He bows his head, takes a breath, “I will teach you when we get home. Then next time I'll be lookout.”
Cas studies Dean's features, looking for answers. “Yes? You saw what I did and you felt as though you couldn't talk to me about it, it is something that clearly made you uncomfortable and I should never have done it. I am so sorry Dean.”
Cas looks nervous as he takes a big gulp from the bottle. It's not the first time he's had to be stitched up by the Winchesters but it doesn't make it any easier and the long cuts along his arm will take a good few stitches to be closed up properly.
Cas looks down, feeling shy, faltering before looking straight back up to Dean, who’s eyes were filled with emotions Cas can’t quite fathom, “I heard you yell, it was more like a pleading and, when I listened closer, I could hear how restless you were. And suddenly I couldn't leave. I know nightmares come with the job and that you are always fine when you wake up but Dean, I just couldn't walk away.”
Without giving Cas a second to process what he meant, Dean pops the shoulder back into place. Cas hisses through his teeth, “assbutt” he aims at Dean who is now wrapping his shirt around Castiel’s wounds. “There that will hold until we can get back to the motel.''
It throws him from the bed. His eyes shoot open as he crashes to the floor.
Waking up Castiel.
He opened in his eyes, realising what he had done. He shifted as if in a nightmare. He moved his body as if it was an involuntary action, a reaction to a bad dream.
Cas has recently been priding himself on picking up social cues and he notices Dean's uncomfortable body language so, before Dean has a chance to say anything else, he changes the subject, “So, you promised to teach me how to hack into computers when we get back to the bunker.”
They shuffling about the motel room does not mix well with the amount of alcohol travelling through their systems and both have to keep pausing to steady themselves between their wobbly, slow movements. They get into bed, both giggling at the state of the other one, teasing each other on the bad heads they’ll have tomorrow.
The first few weeks after the fall Castiel was mainly left at home. He was still struggling with adjusting to his new life. More than once when the boys were heading out, leaving him behind, he huffed. More than once he was reminded that he needed to get used to being a human before he got to be a hunter too.
“Someone must have been in the room. Things aren’t where we left them. I know I put my bag on the table last night but you picked it up off the chair a few minutes ago. It's the only explanation.”
He is completely defenceless to the ghoul that might crawl from the bathroom at any moment.
He and Cas have shared a bed many times in the years they've known each other but after seeing how Cas looked after him last night this time felt different.
The drive back is peaceful. Just them, the road, and the quiet hum of classic rock filling the air.
But what did he say? What did he whisper? What soothing words did Cas find to calm him? His head was spinning and he decided to pull over.
The lights go off. They mumble their goodnights into the darkness.
He was barely looking at the road and he didn't really know where he was. He needed to think this through properly, he wasn't dying in a car crash because he was fixating on Castiel.
He feels a ball of anxiety rise as he realises he had woken up Castiel.
He stretches as he wakes, his hand falling from Castiel's side of the bed as he does so. He huffs. He's always known he was a pain to sleep next to, he always intrudes in the other person's space.
“Pizza man.” Dean shouts as he comes through the door. Cas rises from the chair, moves his laptop and goes to grab beers out of the mini fridge before joining Dean back at the table. They eat and do research and complain about the crap TV until Dean notices the space separating each of castiel’s yawns getting shorter.
Dean sits in a huff, head in his hands, Cas turns away from him, thinking.
It is not the first time Cas has held Dean’s hand through a nightmare and it most certainly won't be the last. The secret of last night doesn't weigh heavy on Cas as it does Dean. He feels at peace with it, grateful for it even. The whispers he shared in the dark were as much for him as they were for Dean.
The diner isn't the most pleasant environment but at least they're not being overheard.
Cas notes the intelligence of the strategy, Dean huffs at the hunt becoming more layered.
It's dark and shifts slowly, not really walking. He watches it as it makes its way around the room, occasionally reaching out and touching things, moving them, taking some, before heading back to the bathroom. And then it's gone.
He confided this to Dean on the way back to the bunker after the hunt, while Sam slept in the back. Dean had looked away from the road, smiled at him, told him that caution was a smart and human approach to the job and that he should be proud of the way he had kicked the vampire's ass.
Cas feels uncertain, worried. Filled with questions he doesn't know he can get the answers to.
Cas felt good about this hunt, it had been a long few months but he felt like a feeling of normality was creeping up on them. He was adjusting to the rhythm of his new life, finally finding comfort in it.
Dean tells Cas about the camera set up, about what he saw. He tells him about the cupboard he found and shows Cas the footage from their room, stopping it immediately after the figure disappeared back into the bathroom. “Not a ghost” Cas mutters in thought.
‘what if he has another nightmare?’
It's dark when they arrive, the sun setting an hour and a half before they finally reach their room.
They find the security room easily, Dean has been in enough motels to know the basic layouts and he is yet to find one with an ounce of originality.
Cas can feel his nerves rising and he does his best to not let them take over and stop him from speaking, “You said something to me last night that I said when I thought you were sleeping.''
Dean smiles, hesitates for a second, as if he's going to say something. He doesn't. Instead he grabs the bottle, splashes more whiskey onto Castiel’s arm and laughs as his friend swears and swipes at him with his good hand.
They muttered their sleepy goodnights and each rolled to face outwards, just as they had the night before.
He feels a tug on the edge of the duvet, he clenches his fists. DEAN. He is yelling on the inside. He feels a hand on his leg. It grabs him.
Curiosity peaks and he heads over and to his surprise the cupboard is filled with phones, laptops, IDs and wallets. He spies their phones and grabs them quickly. He takes a second to photograph the cupboard before he heads back to the door.
Dean listened as Cas's breathing slowed, he felt as Cas relaxed into the bed, he could probably pick out the exact moment Castiel fell asleep. He is just as tired as Cas had been and yet he is lying there wide awake. Staring into the darkness with his head and heart still going 100 miles an hour.
Dean is once again the first to rise, repeating the same motions he went through the morning before, this time in silence, too in his head to whistle or hum.
Suddenly Dean hears footsteps nearing the security room. He slams the computer shut, grabs the stick and moves to the door, his mind reeling. He has stayed too long in this room, heightened the chances of getting caught, they have to move now.
Dean laughs, quietly, almost with sadness.
Dean smiles telling Cas that he taught him acceptance and unconditional love like he has never known. He confesses of how many moments he has wanted to reach out and hold Castiel's hand or lean in to him or kiss him.
“Dean, of course I care about you?” It's almost phrased as a question,  “The moment I met you I cared about you. Because of you I learnt to care. How could you think I would ever do any different than help you? You have always treated me with kindness and I am grateful for every opportunity I get to return the favour. You are so important to me.” Cas can feel himself rambling and he laughs softly with uncertainty.
“I'm sorry” Castiel starts, “I shouldn't have done it, not once, not ever. I Should have spoken to you. I stepped into something personal and I didn't ask and  I shouldn-”
Think.
He watches in shock as Castiel sat watching for a moment before grabbing the hand still resting on him. He then lay back down, closer to Dean than before.
Cas stands watching him as he dries his hair on the towel. “Dude, a hand? Think the loss of our phones might be more important than your wet hair.” Cas rolls his eyes before throwing down the towel and grabbing a bag to rummage through. Nothing.
He stands frozen in the shower. Confused. Unsure of what exactly it means. If Dean heard that he was awake. Dean chose to say it back to him. Why? What does it mean?
Dean wasn't crying because he doesn't cry. But if he did this is probably something he would cry about.
He sits reading in the room for a while, texting Dean some of his favourite lines from the poetry book. This was a habit he had picked up when he first started reading books years ago. He had once stopped as he was worried it annoyed Dean but after 3 weeks of no book related texts Dean had asked what was going on and so Cas had picked the habit back up again.
He drives further out than he needs to under the excuse of looking for actually decent pizza.
He had a nightmare and he woke Cas up.
“Shall I take the floor?” he questioned. Dean falters for a minute, glancing around the room.
Dean felt as his body turned and jolted.
Finally awake enough to move, Cas heads to the bathroom to try and feel more human. As he leaves the bathroom 15 minutes later, Dean calls over “Hey, you seen my phone? I know I left it on the table.”
Dean squeezed his eyes shut. If he thinks about nightmares he’ll give himself one. He tried to clear his head, shake it from himself.
He prays to Dean. Please come. Please come. Please come.
The weeks after that night trickled them by, leaving it behind, seemingly forgotten by the three men. They settled into life together comfortably, it felt natural to all three of them. Cas had always had a room in the bunker, he had always had a right to call it home, the only difference now was that it was more permanent.
“The night at the bunker, those first few weeks, months ago now, when I - when I said I had lost everything. When you walked out. I couldn't sleep after that. I didn't fully understand. I didn’t realise the impact of my words, what that would mean to you - to you and Sam. After you left, Sam reminded me that I had not lost anything of any importance. And he was right, his words were a reminder that I shouldn’t have needed. Because it's true, I haven't lost anything that I couldn't live without.”
The realisation hits him. It's so obvious.
Dean’s looking at his best friend in the entire world as if he is seeing him for the first time. Cas looks uncertain and brave. He looks as if what he is saying is the most important thing in the world. But it isn’t anything Dean doesn’t already know. Dean knew Cas was in a bad place when he said that, he knew that they were the only words Cas could find to describe an indescribable thing he was going through. He knew Cas well enough to know what he truly valued as important, and that it was the relationships he had found on earth.
And so they eat and they drink and they enjoy each other's company until both can feel the alcohol floating around their brains.
He already feels guilty: it’s not fair on Cas. He feels uncertain: would Cas look after him again?
"son of a bitch"
After that the 2 men had fallen into silence. They had continued to drink, until Sam was ready for bed. The hunter had risen from the table and headed to the door before he threw a quiet goodbye over his shoulder. Sam had then stopped at the door and turned back to face the room, “you’re wrong”, he started. “You’ve lost a lot but you haven’t lost what makes you, you. You haven’t lost everything.” He then watched Cas lower his head towards the table, nodded to himself and left.
He knows he has them. He assumes Cas has them, he's seen Sam have one a hundred times, they come with the job. But seeing himself, Dean can't look away.
Cas tells how Dean taught him kindness and compassion. He explains that he had never experienced any of those things until him. He tells Dean that he is his first thought, first worry, first day dream of every day.
He leans in as if to verify what he's seeing: the inside of a room.
“I'm really proud of you on this trip, Cas.” he pauses to take a drink, “I'm proud of you everyday. You suffered a huge loss and everyday you get up and you fight and you do what you have to do.” Cas doesn't respond, just smiles and takes another drink.
This one softer, less intense.
Dean’s confidence in Castiel drove his own confidence in himself and so the next hunt they went on Cas leant into his wariness, allowing it to guide him to make the right calls.
The clock hits 11.15pm and he's in bed, lying on the right side. The left still empty as if waiting for Dean. He reminds himself that he can spread out and crawl into the middle if he wanted but he decides it would feel weird, so he stays where he is.
And Cas helped him.
It is and it isn't.
“Hunter.” The ghoul stands above Cas, smirking at him. “Always enjoy a hunter, more satisfying than the usual begging idiots. Hunters try to fight, you can almost taste the fight in their blood and their meat.”
He stands still for a moment, listening to the world behind the door. He looks around to see if he can make a plan B escape but there's no chance. He does however notice a cupboard ajar in the corner of the room.
He knows of it. He has seen shards of it in Deans nightmares, but Dean has never talked about it in front of him.
Cas grows tired first, the long day all of a sudden hitting him at once and exhausting him.
“Nah man, you’ll kill your back. There's nowhere else to sleep we’ll, we’ll just share - dont worry.” Cas nods, feeling suddenly shy, almost letting himself look it.
As the body falls, as Dean breathes out, as Cas slumps down against the wall, the room goes silent. “Alright, good job man, here- Cas!”  Cas is sat on the ground, a dislocated shoulder and a bleeding arm.
Click.
He carried on, barely above a whisper, “I remember saying one night that i had lost everything, everything that made me me. I remember you walked away, and I didn’t understand. But I do now. I lost wings and powers and heaven but I didn't lose you. Or Sam. Or my home. What I lost, it - it isn't anything that defines me, none of it makes me who I am. It used to but that was a long time ago.” Cas hums softly to himself, talking more himself now than for Dean, whose outward appearance was almost completely relaxed.
“You’re okay. I need you to know that what’s going on in your head, it isn’t real. Right now you are lying in bed next to me, you’re dreaming and it’s horrible but you are not alone. Okay? I’m going to breathe in and out for a moment, if you can hear me, even just a little, maybe you could try and follow. We did it last night and you were so good so let's try again.”
