Rumlow, two of Rumlow's men, the colonel, Tony, Donner, Mackenzie, and two sergeants had all walked through the base and into the main headquarters, taking a flight of stairs into a very normal-looking office-style hallway where they actually passed a cluster of cubicles and a man in a military uniform banging on a copy machine.
Fury didn't smile.  "No. That won't be necessary."  He rose. "Off the record," he repeated, then stalked over toward the door.
"Come in!" he called out and then sat up a little at Tony's arrival. Steve made a conscious effort to look less panicked. "Hey." He tried for a smile. "I, er, peed on the stick thing.  Should know any minute now."
The doctor stepped back. "I suppose as long as you don't mind him being in here. Just this time. But after today I really think you'll get the best benefit possible from therapy if we do this one on one."
Rhodes resigned himself to the fact that he'd have to give some things up if he wanted to get anything in return.
"...how long have you been there?" asked Tony.  The smell of heat and metal and gas was powerful, but under it, Tony was suddenly aware of the presence of both coffee and bacon.  He'd forgotten all about breakfast.  He glanced down at the half-finished chest plate in front of him.  "...sorry, I get hyper-focused sometimes," he explained.  "...you, uh... already know that, though.  ...from... spying on me."  Tony gave an embarrassed shrug and pulled the mask off his head entirely, tossing it aside.
"We're grateful you came back so soon, Captain Rogers," Richards said, glancing between Steve and Tony quickly. "We've been consulting about yesterday's events and we've drawn up a blank."
They both trekked upstairs; whilst Tony followed a curve in the hallway toward their room, Steve disappeared down a different wing, opening the door to his studio.  He felt instantly better the moment he saw he saw the drawings on the walls.
He turned off his acetylene torch and flipped up his mask, wiping the sweat off his forehead with his arm.  He looked over.
Maria, because of her lack of status, couldn't sense the tension, but Phil could.  Close to preheat himself, he seemed warier than usual. Tony kept trying to climb over Steve on the sofa.
He pressed his erection against Steve, already throbbing with anticipation, mouth still filled with Steve's skin.  Steve's body was arching under his, reflexively; Tony's fingers were digging into Steve's ribs.
"I'm not self-conscious," said Tony quickly before he could stop himself.  He rolled the two of them over so that he was on top of Steve.  "I was just... asking.  Y'know, making sure."  He turned Steve's head to brush their lips together, parting then with his tongue, exploring him softly, trying to regain the mood.
His wife stepped forward, a hand on his arm. "It's been a pleasure having you, captain," she said, words almost intimate before she pulled her hand back. "I do hope you find the happiness you deserve with Mr. Stark, after everything you've sacrificed for our country."
"I don't really, uh..."  Tony concentrated on stroking Steve's spine, watching him arch into his touch.  "I mean, I know... I know that omegas smell like betas when they're on suppressants. And they don't have heats.  And you can't knock them up.  That's kind of the situation in a nutshell, right?"
"I know," Pepper said and set down her tea. The tension in the room wasn't as bad as when they'd headed upstairs, Tony having just bitten Steve's neck and then panicking. Of course, Tony was still panicking, but Steve wasn't nearly bleeding so much and and at least no one was hyperventilating (as far as Pepper could hear).
Steve was laid out, knees lazily tucked against his chest and head leaning on one arm. He was staring at the blank wall in front of him, blue eyes a little glazed over. He didn't look up when Tony walked in. But he heard the liquid pouring into the glass and sighed internally. The fancy blue jacket he'd been wearing was a little ruffled beneath him due to his position but he didn't care.
The shampoo smelt of strawberries and the shower gel of peaches. The smells were sweet. He liked them.
He felt guilty. Like he'd shown weakness. Like he should have been better. When, in reality, there was nothing he could really do.
, getting into a passenger seat without a word. They'd always been like that- so in sync. It had made them good on the battlefield during the war, even if off it they'd barely been talking.
Tony blinked.  He'd had a flash of memory but he was positive he'd never been to the movies with Steve, nor even seen Steve in a street fight.  Also, how the hell could Steve pick a fight with someone twice his size?
Tony talking to him like that just turned him on even more. Steve whined low in his throat as Tony fucked into him and stroked him in tandem, his sensations going haywire. His fingers flexed, but didn't fight, against his alpha's grip and he clenched around him again as he grew close. He couldn't speak. He was too turned on, his voice gone in the place of moans and whimpers.
Up close, Steve saw that they had on collars, but the collars weren't flat and wide like everyone else's; they were plain chains.  They might have been mistaken for short necklaces. Each of them had a tag with a number.
Rhodes looked at Pepper in alarm; he hadn't realized that.  Pepper shrugged helplessly.  "...you sure?"
Steve sucked in a breath when Tony shifted underneath him and he felt his arousal pressing up against the swell of his ass. Were they going to talk about it? Do anything about it? Because it was getting harder to ignore and Steve was only getting wetter down...there. He wished he wasn't so inexperienced with all of this now.
He smiled and poured the last bit of the wine into his glass; the bottle hadn't even made it to the main course.  "Well.  What can I say, I'm a hero, people love me.  I'll tough it out, somehow."  He laughed lightly.
"He's having a tantrum," she said.  "Just tell them to send over beta agents.  What about Phil? He's an omega, send him."
Steve grunted as he caught another hit with both hands; that metal arm was brutal. Kate was still grappling with the other man; Fury was only half standing. Steve hissed quietly as he was ending up trapped between the counter and the soldier.
an omega?  No, that was ridiculous.  Except hadn't Tony said he sometimes felt strange plucks of emotions that were most definitely neither his nor Steve's?
"S-sorry," he gasped, still clinging to Steve's hips and twitching up into him.  "D-didn't mean it-- you're good-- sorry-- oh, fuck, God, my dick-- cum for me--" He was going to have to probably give Steve a proper apology when he wasn't actively spurting jizz into him.  In Tony's opinion, it was a testament to his incredible brainpower that he was able to form any coherent thoughts at all; he was mostly focused on draining his balls into Steve, who was flushed pink and still clenching his knot and making all sorts of sweet little noises that no one would ever dream Steve Rogers capable of making.
Both of them laughed.  Neither one pointed out how precious an hour was, since they didn't know how much time Peggy had left.
He held up his arm and heard the bullet ping off it, felt the vibration all the way up to his teeth.
Tony realized Steve was lying on top of him, his body warm.  Typically, waking up with a much larger man on top of him would be cause for concern.  But Steve's smell gave Tony nothing but comfort.  Amazing how quickly pheromones had hijacked Tony's brain.  He'd always thought the "honeymoon phase" was just a metaphor or something, not an actual physiological reaction to bonding.  It felt wonderful.
He didn't move as the film suddenly jumped a few times, the projector slapping the reels together loudly.
Tony. And you did just spent like the past ten minutes telling me how hot you think I am like.  What guy doesn't wanna hear that, come on."
Tony shook his head, almost imperceptibly, and took Steve's elbow.  "You're right. Time to go home, Steve," he said firmly. "Thanks, Agent Carson."
"When I was about seventeen my mom died and I moved in with him. I was too sick to work and he looked after me. And then... one day, when I was about twenty... he bit me and... we bonded. I thought maybe he loved me, or something. But he didn't. I don't know what it was. I felt his confusion every day; I felt how much he worried about me- I was in love with him, I think. But whatever I felt...he didn't return it.  Not the same way.  He brought girls home and he'd never touch me. And I mean never. I was convinced there was something wrong with me- hell, I was already sick; I was sick our whole honeymoon; it wasn't hard to work it out, why he thought he couldn't touch me. But I don't know why he bonded with me if... God, it was so confusing. He'd even drag me along to dates. I hated it. I was always inadequate.  Always secondary to whoever he was seeing, and then I had to listen to them do it through paper-thin walls the night after.  Bucky looked after me, he... he kept me, but he was also rejecting me every day."
"Shall we?" Phil asked and Steve nodded. He shared a reassuring glance and nod with Pepper too before he slipped out of the door and lead Phil to his hotel room.
-Windsor," he said with the sort of good-natured snobbery Steve had grown used to.  "Forget it, I'll go casual." He threw on a dark red, pinstripe shirt, popping the collar to hide his neck and leaving the top two buttons undone to show off the rim of his arc reactor.  "...are you going to hang out with the omegas tonight? Am I suppose to escort you to that?"
The DJ had ducked under the table, but he blurted a "Yes, Mr. Stark," and one of his hands snaked up to find an appropriate song.
"Happy, why do you read that trash?  ...you know my theory?"  Tony was finding that rambling was helping him get his mind off of Steve.  He was struggling to get control of himself.  Supposedly, he was the third smartest man in the world... and yet near Steve he'd become a wild, feral mess.
Donner suddenly looked up, worry clouding his features.  "But I had a sip of champagne last night. Is that bad for the baby?"
Tony pulled a flask out of his jacket and took a lot drink, then sat heavily on the spare bed and looked away.  "I'm an Alpha. And a man."
Tony staggered toward the bar and grabbed a bottle to try to force down the lump forming in his throat.  It was almost worth being honey-potted by some shady government agency to feel what he had felt around Steve.  Maybe he should run after him.  Admit that he didn't care if Steve was faking.  Beg Steve to let him be his Alpha.  Beg to have him, even if their whole relationship was just a clever ruse by SHIELD, because Tony had slept with hundreds--
"It'll be good to see a few different people and see who works out for you best," Brazinski said encouragingly.
"I believe Mr. Rogers is too far along. It wouldn't be safe," Phil offered quietly to cover up the fact that Steve's metabolism wouldn't allow it. The needle was already tucked back away into his jacket.
His knot prevented him from pulling all the way out; he was rocking his hips against Steve's with sounds of pleasure he hadn't known he was even capable of making.  The earlier hesitancy was gone, evaporated the moment he'd pushed his rock-hard erection into him, gotten the knot in; he took up a steady, pounding rhythm, moaning and arching his back.
"It's fine, I only got one today," said Pietro.  He was talking a little too fast. Bucky studied him.
"I know, I know. It's gross; mine would never bet me. She doesn't even play but... she wouldn't," Hal finished quietly, stepping closer to him. She was in a green cardigan with foxes stitched around the collar. She looked too
"Tony, he left everything here; I'm sure he's going to come back before dinner.  He probably just needs space," she reassured him soothingly.
When Tony curled up behind him he did feel a little better. Steve let his eyes slip shut. Then he felt his mate nudge close to the glands behind his ears. "Tony." Steve's hand fisted in the sheet in front of him. "I dunno if I... if I feel like... I don't think I do. Sorry."
"Not kids, if that's what you're getting at," said Tony immediately.  The audience groaned good-naturedly, and Boswell offered a tight smile.
He found a chair offstage to watch the acts, trying to pace out his drinking, a feat easier said than done.  He kept an eye on Steve, offering him a smile whenever he could, even though he knew Steve could probably feel and smell his depression.  Steve, however, seemed distracted. Famous singers and actors and activists and comedians and politicians were coming at him from all sides to shake his hand and support him, and on top of that, Steve had Aria.
"We don't know it's HYDRA.  It could be anyone," said Tony quickly.  "Could be some stupid prank.  Could be nothing.  Don't worry, Steve, this place is a fortress.  I've got three suits downstairs and a ton of security measures in place, and JARVIS, and-- hey, don't worry, we're great, we're golden.  No one can touch me; I'm the invincible Iron Man.  And I'm your Alpha.  It's
"So... so I'm guessing... since they jacked you up on super-solider serum... you haven't gotten to be little spoon much," murmured Tony breathily.  "You want to roll over so I can..."  He trailed off.
The group was standing around.  Heads turned.  They looked at him.  Tony kept his head held high; henodded to them curtly, politely, like he was exiting just another board meeting.  He'd done this once before, hadn't he?  Walked out of Kunar with a mark on him, after having Yinsen die in his arms, and acted like he was untouchable?
"See you around, Steve!" Kate chimed with a wave and a smile, her eyes practically glittering. There was still something about her- something deadly under the surface. She reminded him of Natasha a little- an Alpha who was seemingly not dominating in any way. She was subtle, yet strong and Steve had no doubt that he never wanted to mess with her.
"Lobster, mushroom risotto, Caesar salad, and go ahead and grab one more bottle of wine," instructed Tony, who hadn't even looked at the menu.  He turned to Steve.  "Steve?"
"Fair point, Jarv," said Tony, taking the mug of coffee and sipping it.  He had never felt as content in his life as he did at that moment.  The memory of Steve holding his hand, the warm ceramic cup, the silk robe, the smell of his omega mingling with the smell of the coffee... Tony sighed softly, reaching out to touch the small of Steve's back.
"Turn on the lights?  Steve, we severed the power source.  Until the guys on the outside hook up the jennies, I can't do jack-shit," said Tony with a frown.    "Just intimidate them by candlelight.  Where are you guys? We're downstairs, give us a location."
"I don't understand how you can be so smart and still--" fussed Pepper, getting up to grab a dishrag.  "Go.  Just go, I'll clean it up, go."
"Alrighty, Donner, hold on," said Richard, patting his arm.  He swept out; Tony snarled at him on the way.
Once the tents were done Steve went to go find the counselors who were in prep. He walked into a tent, per Barb's instructions, and immediately found a load of women rushing up to him.
Pepper was a beta and she couldn't smell the tension, but she didn't need to.  The air was electric with it; Tony and Justin were staring at each other with an intensity that was frankly frightening.  She stepped between them, trying to neutralize things, hyper-aware of the eager reporter hovering nearby.  "Okay, boys, there will be plenty of time to talk later. Hammer, you're on in fifteen, so if I could just grab--"
Steve swallowed and stared down at the black carpet that lined the gym floor. "I think that whoever did... wants me to know they're coming. Not necessarily HYDRA. I don't know. I don't think I'm safe, though. Or Tony is. This isn't
"Steve, you don't have to act like you're not crying.  I can literally feel you crying. Remember? Bonded?" said Tony, pointing to his stomach.  He wasn't sure why he pointed there; it was just that his gut was most often where he felt Steve.  "...if it makes you feel better, I can cry too. We can both cry if you want. It's okay to cry, you know."
Once they were in the air Steve managed to nibble down on a couple of ham sandwiches, knowing he'd feel worse later if he didn't. He flicked through some important files George had sent him and checked out the SNL responses that Aria had forwarded to him. Steve could feel Tony's own excitement in his gut, bubbling away. He looked up and smiled.
"You told me to, sir.  You told me to take it off, so I did," said Tony with sarcastic innocence.  His mocking tone was disturbingly similar to DeSoto's.
"C'mon.  You can be on Cooper's team, and I'll pair up with Nat and Lila... you ever been ice skating?  The pond's frozen over, and let me tell you, Natasha is
"That's ridiculous. They're just trying to undermine our relationship because they're threatened by it. And, frankly, it's no one's business," Steve pointed out calmly. His gaze flitted down to the box and then back up to Tony. He stood and moved to take his Alpha's hands in his, not caring if they were dirty with grease. "
Sitting on one of the plush loveseats in the lobby, Tony held Steve's hand in his and flipped through the program with his other, trying to feign interest. "I think we oughta just call it a day and maybe hit up one of the Jameson omegas, see if they wanna have a threesome," joked Tony weakly.
He sat up and tugging Steve's hips toward him.  "Ready for round two?" he asked, nudging Steve's entrance with his head.
Tony pulled off one of his cucumber slices and opened an eye, frowning.  A woman in a neat pantsuit was holding a white phone out to him. He realized that Steve had left his own cell upstairs, and Tony had turned his off.
"Okay..." said Tony, trying to relax into the couch.  "...I feel... lemme think... I feel... definitely hungry."
"Do you...do you think we could find out where they're keeping the omegas who are going to be put on auction?"
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's leg, curled up against him, rubbing himself on the other.  On a vague, conscious level he was aware that he was basically dry-humping Steve's leg like some sort of tiny, spastic, inbred dog, but he was too far gone to really care about decorum at the moment, considering half of Steve's cock was in his mouth and he was several fingers deep in Steve's ass.
He went upstairs. The shield was at the back of their wardrobe. It was so strange to see it now. Steve's life had become so domestic, compared to his more recent track record. His shield was a part of his old life and now struggled for any sort of relevance in his new one. Steve sighed. He didn't know what to do with it.
Having someone as wholesome as Captain America tell you that you were a good person, having someone like Steve actually be okay with touching your scarred body... that made Tony feel a lot better about himself.
Tony tilted the photograph a little, as if getting the light to hit it differently would alter it.  But it remained the same. Two figures slightly blurred, Obie half-blinking, his teenage self looking shy and hunched and a little embarrassed, the diploma lop-sided.  Tony flipped the photo over; on the back, Obie’s handwriting identified the year, the place. “Tony’s graduation” it was titled. Tony tossed it aside and dug into the box again.  His fingers brushed some loose paper at the bottom of the box; he pulled out another photograph. A very young Howard Stark and Obadiah Stane were shaking hands in front of a low concrete building with a sign that said “STARK ENTERPRISES.”  Both were smiling, but their smiles looked a bit fake, as if whoever was taking the picture had instructed them to smile. Another dig. An ancient ledger had some meticulously cramped writing, detailing Stark Industries’ early acquisitions.  A manila envelope held some birth certificates and some death certificates; Zebediah Stane had died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound, Jarvis and Ana of congestive heart failure due to old age, while Howard Stark had, like Obadiah, died of blunt force trauma.  A chill ran through Tony; he’d never seen his father’s death certificate. He’d only been 16; Obadiah had dealt with it. He tried to peel apart some documents and the cover fell off an old issue of Newsweek magazine with Obadiah on the cover. A Polaroid of Howard and another man holding up an enormous blueprint fell onto the floor; it took Tony a moment to recognize what could only be a much younger Anton Vanko.
"A table for two?" he asked, gaze darting between the both of them. Back in the forties he wouldn't have even looked at Steve; he would have simply asked Tony. And Tony would have ordered his dinner for him too, and his drinks.
Steve looked rattled.  "You okay?" she asked, more gently.  "You look flushed... Have some champagne..."
"I just... I didn't want anyone to worry," he said, one hand holding Steve's, the other reaching out to begin playing with the wires.  "Look.  Pep.  Take a week for the dust to settle, maybe a few personal days... and then we can talk about Stark Industries, okay?  ...how's our stock?"
"No." Steve sighed. "Just the usual.  They weren't planning on achieving anything, I don't think. They just wanted to see if it worked."
Tony shrugged, unzipped the onesie, and pulled it off.  Underneath, he was only wearing a pair of boxers.  The crowd turned and stared. Tony caught a waiter's arm and handed him the squirrel costume.  "Hey, can you take this to coat check for me?"
The feeling of Tony filling him up with hot spent was almost enough to tug Steve over the edge. He wrapped a hand around his own dick and stroked twice before he came with a cry. Steve spilt over his hand and clenched around Tony's knot as he did so, dragging out even more seed into himself.
From the audience, Clint watched with a grin.  Thanks to Steve’s influence, the party was heavily omegas and omega rights supporters.  It was a nice change of pace from the often Alpha-dominated parties he found himself attending for work.
Tony rode out his orgasm blissfully, one hand between them, touching Steve; when he'd finished twitching he eased himself down onto Steve's body, still inside him, brushing their lips together.
Steve smiled faintly to himself, sinking back onto the bed with a sigh. He rubbed at his neck and stared up at the ceiling, which was ornate in an of itself. It felt so good to be out of it-- out of the madness-- for just a moment.  The conference felt like it was another dimension or something.  He let out a long breath and closed his eyes, liesteing to the water running in the bathroom. Tony's neck looked painful and he felt bad for it, like Steve had put it there... and he sort of had.
"Jarvis, please inform me when Tony wakes up," Steve told the AI as he headed down the spiral staircase in his running gear.
"You lived with an omega for eighteen years!  What do you mean , you don't spend a lot of time around--"
Pepper grabbed Tony's head and pointed it toward one of the screens.  Tony stared, confused.  Justin had managed to get cleaned up fairly nicely, and he was just finishing what sounded like a fairly confident speech.  "--very first prototype in the Variable Threat Response Battle Suit and its pilot, Air Force Lieutenant Colonel James Rhodes!"
Laura sat behind Clint and rubbed behind his ears; he leaned his head back, still kneeling on the porch, his eyes half-closed with bliss.
I will elbow you in the face," Steve said, eyes flitting back up to watch Bucky's face. "Do you understand, Buck?"
got you the cake," interjected Aria.  "It was Tony's idea to put ninety-three candles on it, which Pepper and I vetoed because we didn't think burning down the house would make a very good birthday."
But Steve was just winding him up now, his tone playful and eyes as mischievous as ever. Tony's touch felt nice, he hadn't felt this relaxed in so long. Especially considering he'd just come out to the world...but he didn't really care. Steve just kinda wanted to kneel for him again and what the hell did that even mean?
He tilted his head into Tony's touch and mock-bit at his fingers, the hot breath from his mouth tickling at his Alpha's fingertips. Something dark glittered in his eyes. "It's
"I would love to fix it. I would. I just--" he gasped softly as a spasm racked through out him and he gripped Bucky's good shoulder tightly. "Fuck. It's so hard to...to think coherently right now.  But we can't let them win.  We can't let HYDRA win... we're better than they are.  Buck. You gotta put some distance between us or I'm gonna do something stupid."
"...are you seriously this gullible?  ...I'm not color-blind, chill out. God, you're too serious."  Tony snapped a handful of wires. "It's
"And I'm in the middle of an international crisis," replied Fury.  "You two can go back to chatting in a minute. Rogers. Leg."
"Hello, Steve, Tony, Donner..." he greeted them, voice distant, like his was daydreaming.  Tony thought suddenly of how Jarvis's voice had gotten like that, after Dad had died, and his blood chilled again.
"I thought Sir would be interested to know that Taylor Swift just tweeted at you asking when she can borrow 'your boi' for the weekend as she has a world opinion to change overnight."
Steve's mind was still reeling, but he was dragged back to the present when Pepper burst in, quickly tugging up the sheets to cover up his naked thigh. He liked to try and keep himself at least partly decent around Pepper, even though he had been naked that one time and thrown up on her.
trusted you.  And I thought you would appreciate that... and also appreciate that we were caring for your mate.  Yes, that's right, I know all about Barnes being in cryo over the JDE Mission Facility. You know, several members of the WSC, including myself and Mr. Pierce and Mr. Singh, thought it would be better to permanently eliminate the asset.  But you got what you wanted, Barnes all safe and sound... and this is how you repay me?" Gideon tsked. "I also happen to know, by the way, why you were so insistent on going to Zephyr Hill. I know Trickshot was there, and I know his relation to our own Hawkeye.  I thought it better not to rock that boat. Trickshot was being taken care of and besides, I didn't want Hawkeye to end up with littermate syndrome and begin slacking off. He's a very good agent, for an omega. ...surely you didn't think that SHIELD was unable to track down Trickshot?  Of course we knew. But we blocked Hawkeye from it; it would have only upset him. You do like upsetting people, don't you, Captain?"
Richard breathed out slowly. "I would recommended you go home with Mr. Stark, Captain. I believe being in your own home will help... calm everyone down.  Besides, Donnie here probably wants some alone time to get to know his baby."
how territorial they are--"  Everyone was laughing. "--and I'm running around the back yard, covered in yolk up to my knees, getting chased by the biggest damn gander you've ever seen, hackles up, and my pop was running after me with the camera, going, 'I knew it, I knew that boy was an Alpha!'"
"...are you crazy, Steve?  Air conditioning, bro!  That was one of the first lessons I learned from the Mark 1.  Air conditioning is a must.  Otherwise I'd be baked alive.  C'mon, it's metal, do you have any idea what the sun would do it if I didn't have a coolant system?"  Tony hopped up onto the counter, legs spread and dangling, holding the martini delicately.  "The flight went great, by the way.  Oh my God, Steve, this new reactor?  It's the best.  It's crazy efficient.  And also not killing me, which is always a plus.  ...you look great."  Tony sucked an olive off of a toothpick.  He'd learned years ago that a garnish often meant the difference between looking refined and looking like a lush.  He almost envied Steve's lifestyle.  He wished he could get the sort of high Steve seemed to get from exercise.
," giving Steve a wink.  "You, me, brunch, couch, TV... it's a perfect... what day is it?  Monday?  Tuesday?  It
but it still felt like it was. In that moment rationality wasn't a comfort. Steve could still remember being shot and thinking he was going to die. When he woke up he couldn't believe it - it was an echo of when they'd woken him up from the ice. Steve had been trembling and laughing. He hadn't thought the reality he'd woken up to was real.  It was a very unsettling thing.
because he'd been a teenager and Banksy had looked only a little older than him, and Tony had had a brief crush on him.  He remembered Stane scoffing; "Bonding makes men into fools," he'd said, glaring at the television that Tony was watching, and Howard had smiled faintly and shrugged and said, "So does love, wealth, and fame, my friend."
"It would be tricky, legally.  The camps are all for underage kids.  I feel like offering a safe haven for underage omegas is setting ourselves up for a lot of lawsuits saying we're kidnapping them or something," said Tiberius thoughtfully.
Fury had clearly planned all this out.  Tony and Steve had both been naive for thinking that Fury had given then clearance to go to England to visit Peggy... as usual, he had another agenda.  The meeting with Wisdom had obviously been more as well.
Steve squeezed Tony's hand back, the touch oddly grounding. He swallowed as they were lead down a corridor, Pepper walking out in front. They turned into a dark room, the edge of an elevated stage peeking out at the end of it with curtains hiding the rest of the platform. It all looked rather intimidating. A beta guy came around and offer them juice boxes; Steve politely declined. He let out a long, slow breath and ran a hand over his face.
Steve could tell Tony looked puzzled as he returned. He held the phone out to his Alpha and told him: "Clint wants to talk to you."
If Steve's last two heats were any indication, the full heat would come on hard and fast, in less than a day.  If Steve wanted to do his pre-heat interview, they'd have to arrange it immediately.
"I'm not really great either," Steve breathed. He didn't know what to say. He felt awkward. Tony looked older with the beard; that's why he didn't like it.  Tony looked old enough to be his father.
Coulson ignored him.  "We also didn't insert Barnes into the program.  Both of those must have come from you.  If HYDRA has found some way to exploit your bond, then what we have on our hands is a major security breach.  And if the Winter Soldier is interested in you, for whatever reason, you are in terrible danger, Captain. And I think what you just saw proves that fact."
"As you can see, Cooper's got all of your memorabilia," said Clint, gesturing to a poster on the wall of Steve in full Captain America regalia.  "He made me play a video game with you in it. I lost."
The door clicked and the tech walked in.  She was an Alpha with pale, thin hair and a pair of thick-framed glasses.  Her lips were pouty.  She looked like a caricature of a woman scientist.  Steve could feel the defensiveness rolling off her in waves; her expression was stony and he imagined she'd taken a fair amount of shit in her field because of her looks.  Under her white lab coat, she was wearing a dark button-up shirt and there was a chewed-up pencil behind one of her ears.
"Ishrad got me through that dinner," Steve breathed. "She was a godsend. Really. And Danielle seems...cool. Her and Banksy are good friends I think. Hopefully I'll see him around too."  He looked up at her curiously. "So did you...ever give Danielle a call?"
Steve had had no idea this here but something in his chest warmed at the thought that Tony had bothered to have this all put in. It was hardly a simple route outside but it was a lot quicker than the walk all the way down.
They walked up to the front door, a heavy wooden one, which Lawrence tried and found locked.  He pushed the buzzer next to it, which had a neat little plaque above it that said
“Blue tie’s in the medium brown bag,” he told Tony.  He knew where he’d packed everything off the top of his head because, yes, Steve was a damn good PA.  Just because he was undercover didn’t mean he wasn’t taking his job seriously.  “Happy is waiting for us downstairs.  There’s sandwiches and sushi in the car, if you want them.”  Steve had noted that Tony hadn’t touched his breakfast.  Tony’s weird range of tastes in food was something that Steve would never get used to.  “Anything else I can get you, Mr. Stark?”
"Is there any side effects to having a heat just stop?" Steve said, sticking out his arm so Richard could take his pulse.
Not all of the memories Tony had experiences, though, were his or Barnes's.  There were other memories.  Memories of being in a too-bright lab where everyone spoke Russian.
He surfaced, shaking his head, treading water and reaching up with one hand to wipe water from his goatee.  "...it was hard for me to get back in," he said suddenly.  "In the water.  Because they waterboarded me."
Steve grabbed a cup of coffee for himself and then headed into the bedroom. Steve could practically feel DeSoto's gaze boring into the fresh mark on the back of his neck.
"...I'm sure he did.  But your father also loved jet engines and nitramene bombs.  Doesn't meant he respected their autonomy. ...your father liked Steve but he didn't respect him."
He was having trouble coming up with a plan.  Rarely did the asset have to do this much independent thinking; his missions were usually fairly straightforward and all he had to do was carry them out.  The smell of Steve's arousal was driving him fucking crazy.  He tried to think of this as a mission, as an objective. How would he escape if he were by himself?  Create an emergency, perhaps. He was sure they'd come rushing in and open the door if he, say, punched Steve in the face.  But he couldn't do that. They were bonded and they should never hurt each other, as Steve had explained.
Steve smiled triumphantly as Tony slipped into the water. He slipped under Tony's body, diving in and around him in seamless, streamlined movements. He was teasing him, that much was evident. Maybe it was because he couldn't help himself. Or maybe it was Steve's way of flirting.
Karpov was staring at him, his expression a mixture of frustration and sadness.  He heaved a sigh and clapped a hand on the soldier's shoulder. "You see the difference between him and I?  I always forgive you. I always give you a second chance."
He saw a peek of blue and red from the back of the walk in wardrobe, the door left slight ajar. His Captain America get-up.  Steve stared down at his phone and went on a news website to avoid looking at it. All he could see was speculation pieces about who his 'third' Alpha was. He sighed and dropped his phone on the bedside table.
Tony's bodyguards dispersed, giving Tony and Steve a clear line; Malick had beaten them there and was already sitting at a table by the window.
"Natasha invited me," Sam said in a simple and indirect reply. He shook Tony's hand firmly, warmly even. Maybe he would silently remain dubious but he had no reason to be difficult. "It's good to finally meet you, Stark," he said. "But I don't have to hang around..."
Tony sighed a little.  "I feel like all I ever do is try to make up for mistakes I didn't even know I was making.  Same thing with the whole weapons thing."  He stopped abruptly, as if he'd just remembered Wakanda all over again.  "...can I do you now? I seriously hate talking about this stuff.  I'm just making myself depressed."
Maggie Frond was having none of it; she made a beeline for them, to head them off before they could finish.
Tony heaved himself out of the pool, ignoring the pizza, and jumped on Steve's back, hugging him.  "Look, I'm a baby koala. Did you know koalas all have chlamydia? I've had it twice. It sucks." Tony trailed into silence for a brief moment, then perked back up.  "Mush! To the shower, my steed!" he announced grandly, giving Steve a prod with his heel. "Hey, we should start a charity to put antibiotics in eucalyptus to help the koalas.  Are they really bears? I dunno. Didja see how my suit comes to me now? I think what I need is a better accelerator. Because it's not slowing down when it attaches, it's just kinda slamming into me.  Speaking of slamming me into things, shower! Oh! And I was able to find Gene Bennett using JARVIS. He works in New York and he's basically a sort of job recruiter. A human broker, if you will. I'm guessing that's how he's hiding the occasional unwilling omega.  Why don't they just let 'em go? They had plenty of brainwashed ones. Maybe it's 'cause they've seen too much. I bet that's the deal with Trickshot. I bet he has all sorts of horrible secrets about Ron. Have you talked to Clint?"
"I'm sure he'll come back eventually," said Pepper soothingly, trying to break up Tony's pacing.  She kept inserting herself in front of him; Tony simply zipped around her, walking back and forth across the carpeted length of his luxurious hotel suite,
Tony placed his hand over Steve's as Steve touched his face plate.  "It's okay, Steve. I still love you, I still want you. War's messy.  I know that now. It's okay."
the priority here, do you understand?"  Steve asked, stealing a glance sideways at him. "We're going to hot wire a bike. I'll leave money in this car." Then it sort of wasn't stealing. "Then we're going to get the hell out of here.  And I don't
Fortunately the arc reactor was so unapologetically ostentatious that most people never noticed all the other scars.  And when they did, Tony lied. Lab accidents, childhood injuries or diseases, motorcycle crashes... Tony had even once said he'd had an accident with fireworks.  And people believed him, because Tony was charming. But Malick clearly didn't believe that Tony's neck was a result of an accident.
"Director's Fury's gone quiet," Maria hummed. "I can only hope he's handling it. Are you sure that door will hold?"
"I think so," Steve said. "...but he'll bet money.  And he'll win.  Tony's good at stuff like that. He's smart."
Tony looked tired. No, Steve couldn't be mad at him now. He looked at him fondly. "Come on, let's get you to bed. You can still catch a good few hours' sleep, Tony." The meeting with the Wakandan royal family was at ten, but it was a good forty-minute drive away. "Do I want to know how you broke your hand?"
"Until then," said Aria, fixing Steve with a look, "We've got a lot of work to go over regarding Project Eighty-Four."
"...they're wacky to me, yeah.  Doesn't meant they're bad, or wrong," said Tony.  "In fact, I kind of like 'em. Giving a person agency seems to me like a good thing."
"I offered him money for lawyers if he ever wanted to break up with him," Steve said light-heartedly, smiling a little when he remembered the look on Jack's face. Like it had never even occurred to him that it was something he could escape from. But then, it had never occurred to Steve either.
Tiberius tented his fingers thoughtfully, then gave a sharp nod.  "You take the girl. I'll take the boy."
"...kneel for me?  On the bed? I'll get it," said Tony.  He felt the tiniest hint of discomfort, as well, asking.  He wanted to be a strong Alpha that issued commands, not one who tentatively asked his omega for permission for everything.  His instincts were deeply confused, conflicted with his rational brain's desire to be respectful. Not to mention the back-and-forth rules for how they behaved in public and how they behaved in the bedroom.  Steve, Tony had come to appreciate, would probably never kneel for him in public.
"T-Tony. Tony give it her," Steve wheezed out, half conscious as his body fought against the inducer again. He cried out and pressed his forehead against the cold floor, screwing his eyes shut. He trembled in pain and need. Tony wasn't listening to him, his gaze fixed on Natasha. He was ready to kill her; Steve could feel it. One of his hands was free so he reached down and grabbed his shield. With some effort he wrenched it out of its place and chucked it onto the floor. He didn't manage to throw it far.
Steve's left arm felt wrong. And he felt sick. His head throbbed. Was this because of the heat? Who was this woman in front of him? Where was Tony--
The chopper was on the other side of the roof; Natasha grabbed a ladder that was unfurled for her, but Tony simply hit his repulsors and flew into the side.  The landing was hard; Steve still grunted a little in disapproval as they landed, his eyes only half open. He felt tired and ill and horny all that the same time and it wasn't a good combination.
Tony's heart was hammering, every beat dragging him closer to death; he was sitting on a cot, clutching a car battery to his chest, shivering; he could see his breath; he was trying to figure out how the hell he'd gotten here.  His memories were a confused jumble.
The asset hesitated.  No. It did not know its name, and he felt like if he misspoke, there would be dire consequences.  "...Карпов...?" The asset had no name, only a designation: WS-1.  As far as names went, he knew only two. His omega and his handler. He was his handler's; surely at least they shared a last name, Karpov.  His name was Something Karpov.
He'd thought the first man was down but he was grabbed at Steve's ankle and trying to jam a - was that a
"No.  Those are actual smells.  Associations. What does Steve's smell make you think of?  Word association, Tony. Imagine Steve's smell. Just say the first thing that pops into your mind."
"No, witch.  She had magic," Steve whispered, mesmerized as Pepper wrapped up his hand. The metal grip on the back of his neck was beginning to irritate the scar tissue there. He squirmed uncomfortably.  "He told me that Tony would stop me from hurting myself. Told me they would take me and I couldn't stop them because Tony wouldn't let me hurt myself," Steve said and then began to shake, looking distressed.  "I didn't want to go there.  I don't know how.  I'm sorry.  I don't want to go with them.  Not again.  I hated it.  The chair, the arm..."
"Well, Iron Man isn't retiring anytime soon," retorted Tony.  He felt personally offended by the idea that he shouldn't be slamming into buildings at fifty miles an hour.
"We can have a lie in," Steve murmured, trying to sound positive after they'd toweled off and crawled under the covers. Gingerly, Steve tucked his head against Tony's shoulder. He had to curl his legs a little, else his feet would have stuck off the end.
Steve looked at his hands on the table top. It was made of some fancy marble Steve couldn't remember the name of. He nodded.
T'Challa finally spoke, the first time he had the entire lunch.  "We would consider it a grievous insult to have our borders invaded," he said, and T'Chaka sat beside him, hands folded, and didn't contradict him.
Tony looked down.  Fuck. Steve was going to make him say it.  "They lock so that they can't be taken off," he said.  He'd never felt as shitty about his status as he did right now.
Tony eyed the crowd, searching for Mr. Bennett.  He wanted to get a card and get out of here. He didn't see Bennett, but he spotted Malick at the same time Malick spotted him.
Tony turned at the familiar voice; there was Brent Walker.  Tony felt slightly relieved to see another male Alpha.
He looked over Tony's face for a moment. The beard really did make him look older. Steve always forgot he was forty.
Natasha looked oddly domestic in the doorway of the farmhouse in her large coat. A strange sensation bubbled up in Steve's chest.
Fury pulled it away.  "You gonna let yourself die because of spite for your father?" he asked.  "...you seriously gonna let yourself die a slow, painful death out of contempt for a man who's been dead for more than two decades?"
"...the new Mark VII's gonna make the Mark V look like the Mark II," he informed JARVIS, eyes darting over the circuit diagram.
Vanko.  Vanko, who would do anything to exact revenge.  Who did not care about upstaging Tony.  Whose primary goal was to kill him, to cause him harm and pain.  Who had probably just heard Tony publicly announce that he was bonded...
" Steve gestured to his neck. "But apparently I still had that in the forties and... ever since he was POW under HYDRA, I can't feel him. Does that mean they screwed around with his bonding stuff, or does that just mean he's... empty?" he asked, frowning at the thought. Gleason frowned back.
"Is... is it a good party?" he asked weakly.  Even if he was up here, freaking out under a bed, he wanted to make sure his reputation was intact.  Judging by the pounding music and screams of delight from below, everything was going well.
"I was getting flowers," Steve pointed out, sipping at his coffee which would sadly offer no real benefit.
"Steve.  I need to have a melt-down," he said, with surprising calm.  He was panting a little.  "Please-- please promise me you won't do anything stupid or reckless.  I'm-- I'm putting down my foot here, okay, I'm playing the Alpha card.  I'm serious.  I don't want you running around like you're Scooby fuckin' Doo trying to go after HYDRA, I don't want you leaving the house without me or your shield, I don't want-- don't want--"
'Both' meaning, of course, Pepper, as she'd only just found out Tony had nearly kicked the bucket. She needed time to process and then time to decide if she was resigning.
On the couch, Tony was stroking Steve's hair with one hand, the other holding his and guiding it over the arc reactor.
"I think I saw him in the lobby earlier.  His Alpha, Mike, he's got a new omega. I don't know her name, though."
"No.  Reassignment or conversion therapy is no better than an omega overdosing on suppressants.  Total waste of money," said Richard. "..no doubt I'm going to raise some hackles from the conversion folks who are here but, hey, that's science.  Now. Short of genetic testing, there's no way to tell what genes you're carrying. The best way to do this is to look at your family make-up. If you want a breeder who's going to sire Alphas, take a look at the siblings, take a look at the parents.  Word of warning: male omegas aren't as good breeders as females. The female body made room for uterus; the male body didn't. Males are more likely to miscarry and the birthweight of their babies is more likely to be low. Which isn't to say they aren't absolute delights, right, Rex?"
He didn't exactly consider Natasha a friend but he was looking forward to seeing her.  She was gorgeous, and more importantly, she was clearly
ed.  Tony slipped a proud arm around Steve's waist and leaned his head on Steve's shoulder, shoving the napkin back against his face so he didn't drip blood on Steve's clean white t-shirt.
Steve's phone had gone off as they were stumbling through the lounge; Tony grabbed it and the pills, shoving a blue one into Steve's hand, before staggering into the master bedroom and collapsing into bed.
"Gnn-hn," said Tony incoherently.  He had already ejaculated but was still twitching, rutting into Steve, his knot throbbing pleasurably.  Steve's erection was jabbing into his stomach. "Cum," he managed to gasp at Steve, nosing behind his ear.  "P-please... more... omega..."
Tony reached out to Steve's neck, slowly, and put a hand over the back of Steve's neck, keeping his fingers away from the scent glands.  Gently, he stroked the short, soft hair on the back of Steve's head.
"Why the hell did they send an Alpha psychologist?" wondered one of the agents, rubbing a bruise on his cheek caused by Tony's elbow.
"I'm not fine, I'm freaking out!" exclaimed Tony.  "I... I don't feel good, I want to throw up, I keep smelling sex, I don't remember my birthday--"
Steve nodded in agreement.  There was a natural lull in the conversation.  " So... out of curiosity, are most of your fans Alphas? Or this just a coincidence?"
...ew.  Tony, like Stane, thought bonding was creepy and gross.  It was not something he ever intended to do.  Some of the guys at Philips' had had arranged bonds and most of them were not thrilled about it.   According to Dan-from-chemistry, he'd never even met his mate; he was expected to have the scenting the day before mating her, in a big public ceremony.  "Imagine," he'd said, "trying to bite the back of someone's neck in front of your
Satin hesitated again.  "Cashmere and Hyacinth are on housekeeping today.  Mystery, Dash, and Rose are in the laundry room. Willow's with Mr. Joseph, doing paperwork.  Robin, Mocha, and Elf are in the lounge. And today me and Banjo and Azabache are on kitchen duty."
"It hurts," said Bucky.  "It hurts to be alone. I feel... I feel like... like I lost something.  Like I'm not whole. Like an amputee."
Donner had never said a thing to Steve or George, but George had talked to Steve over the phone about how strange it was that Donner never talked about going home.  Just "back to Giddy." He did not seem to have any personal effects at all. If he owned anything, anyway, it was probably long gone, thrown out by Gideon.
"Mmmm?" suggested Tony, mouth full.  He pressed his fingers against Steve's puckered entrance.  Steve whimpered and rocked into them needily. Tony didn't need any more encouragement than that; he pushed a pair of fingers into Steve, feeling the way Steve's body gripped them greedily.  Steve was just as wet and warm and inviting as Tony remembered. He bobbed his head on Steve's cock, moving his fingers languidly in and out of his body, the palm of his hand brushing over Steve's balls.  Steve's body was a tense, quivering mess; he kept feeling an unintentional arc, followed by a shuddery tensing as Steve resisted the urge to buck into his mouth and push himself down on Tony's fingers.
He went through Steve's medicine cabinet and his vinyl record collection, then his bookshelf, and found nothing of interest.  He vomited up the coffee he'd drank (unsurprising, considering his hangover).  He took a long, warm shower, singing to test the acoustics (they were decent) and leafed through one of Steve's sketchbooks.  He was surprised to see several drawings of himself, and concerned to see a few more of the man from the photograph on the refrigerator.
Steve shrugged sheepishly and sipped at his drink. Bands that a lot of people fawned over didn't hold the same nostalgia for Steve. He often found it hard to appreciate why some bands were legendary and others weren't.
(This notion was only slightly reinforced by the fact that Tony had knotted Steve.  He couldn't remember the last time it had felt this tight; whether it was that Tony's knot was more swollen than normal or that Steve was clenching harder was anyone's guess.)
He kissed the corner of Steve's mouth, rubbing himself against his inner thigh; Steve's skin was slick with fluid.
"Pietro and Wanda? The mutant twins from the HYDRA base in Yemen?  You know where they are?" Steve asked, sounding hopeful. He'd always wondered how those kids were doing, if they'd gotten out. He hoped they were okay. And he was grateful that they'd at least gotten Bucky out, or had by the sounds of it.
Bucky got one of his small, rare smiles at the suggestion of a date.  "Okay. Tomorrow," he agreed. "...I
He felt immediate revulsion, anger, confusion, disorientation.  It was the feeling of running up a flight of dark stairs and thinking there's an extra step and feeling his foot falling through the empty darkness... it was unsettling, horrifying, and staring at it, he felt like he'd just witnessed some great tragedy.
"Calm down, Rogers.  We're all professionals here and we were sent on the instructions of SHIELD and the World Security Council," said Rumlow.  "Listen, give me your phone and I'll try Tony for you again. If we can't get him then we'll take you to base so that you're safe, which is what the WSC advised us to do."
He reached up to touch his chest, check the reactor.  It was still there, of course. His hands were shaking.  His heart was pounding. Had he just had a panic attack? Entirely possible.  How much time had passed? All day, from the looks of it. He wasn't high anymore; he felt weary, his muscles stiff.
"Psh, no, I'm Iron Man," said Tony dizzily, letting Happy grab him.  His hair was a mess, there was dirt all over his face, he'd definitely taken at least one punch to the eye, and his boxers were torn and threatening to come off.
, but after seeing what that spot did, he didn't want to just help himself.  But now that they were in private he desperately wanted to explore. Every time he glanced into the hospitality suite, he'd seen a crowd of young, attractive omegas in collars, and he was, after all, only human.  Of course it turned him on.
Tony dissected his with the precision of a surgeon, picking apart and eating only certain parts.  He was unimpressed with the decadence of it.  He'd eaten meals with actual gold in them.  (A poorly thought-out marketing ploy, in Tony's opinion.  He would rather eat food that didn't make him shit glitter.)
"O.  It's O," he said, still trying to sit up, needing to see what was happening.  He only let them push him down after another spasm hit his stomach.
"An old priest.  And a young priest," said Tony, turned his head.  His hair, soaked in sweat, was plastered against his head.  "Bring me someone to read me my last rites..."
Tony's body was still shaking, sweating; he felt sick with fear and his breathing was still ragged, but the smell and taste of Steve was overwhelming and the compulsion to mate him overwhelming.
Steve's head shot down as Tony rolled over to him. Instantly, his mind was on his Alpha. He reached out to Tony, helping to tug him up so Tony's head rested against his thigh. He ran his hand through his mate's dark hair.
He wrapped his arms around Steve's waist and lay his head on his shoulder, closing his eyes.  He wasn't great with words, not words that expressed gratitude or humility, anyway.  Instead he enfolded Steve in a hug and swayed with him, the old palladium-model RT node glowing from the wall, the long, precise ink strokes enhancing the shadows it threw across the room.
Steve  lifted his gaze up to Tony's face. "I just love you, okay? I just need to tell you that," Steve murmured and stood, taking Tony's hand in his own. "Do you know what happens with the dinner yet? Because I'm starving..."
"Yes, sir," said JARVIS.  He pinged through Steve's music.  "Good morning, Captain Rogers.  Mr. Stark has asked me to inform you he is in the shop and has not yet had his morning coffee, which he is, as you know, incapable of making himself," said JARVIS.  If it was possible for a machine to sound amused, JARVIS was certainly managing it.  As a learning program, JARVIS learned from every interaction; years of dealing with Pepper meant that, although JARVIS had Tony's sarcasm, he had also picked up much of Pepper's disapproval toward Tony's helplessness.  Tony never bothered programming it out of the AI because he liked Pepper and he felt it was probably grounding to have a program that occasionally knocked him down a few pegs.
"Why didn't you say you were dying?" He asked, voice so gentle the morning breeze almost stole the words.
"Who was that guy?  He had my design..." moaned Tony, leaning back.  His body had started shaking.  Shock was setting in.  Tony's body wanted a million things at once.  He wanted to scream and run and fight and also to sleep and also to fuck something and also to eat something and also to throw up.  In the end, he didn't do anything; he let Pepper drag him up to the hotel room, where the police were already waiting, along with the Minister of Defence, the head of RAID, the head of GIGN, and a guy Tony vaguely recognized from two years ago.
Beth grunted in agreement and got out of the car, moving to help Steve walk in. She was strong enough to help support him.
He waited until Steve left, then threw back a final drink before following him toward the bedroom.  He saw Steve was already curled up in bed.
Pepper had warned Steve that Tony was weird around this time of year and could be oddly clingy, afraid of either others dying or of being separated from them.  But Steve hadn't given any thought to it since the graveyard.  He'd been too concerned about Bucky.
"Jeff is pretty busy with the babies, but he's willing to send his Alpha to the party," Aria had been reporting to Steve over breakfast.  "Banksy wants to come, and of course he's welcome, everyone loves him... Stone can come, too. Though as I mentioned, he's also available to meet with you beforehand, on the thirtieth.  There's going to be a few reporters from Time magazine and the Associated Press, but it'll mostly be Tony's pals... I already asked Irshad on your behalf but she's at a summit hearing in Geneva all week.  She wishes us happy holidays, though."
"C'mon... let's get cleaned up... pick me out a suit and some shades, will you?  ...ow... fuck... c'mon, let's get to it." Tony gave Steve's ass an encouraging pat, then added, "if you want to," because he didn't want to sound like he was bossing Steve around.  Even though he kind of was, and he knew Steve would probably do it anyway.
The laughter at the table went from boisterously loud to an awkward, quiet giggle. Steve was taller than all of them. Bigger than all of them, too.
"I think- I think maybe I hit my head," he informed the doctor, feeling uneasy.  The knowledge of Steve being in harm's way, being in danger, was shaking him to the core, but he knew for a fact that he'd never seen Steve in any actual danger until tonight, unless you counted SHIELD's artificial simulation.  The sudden pangs of rage and horror, and the desire to protect, had flared up unexpectedly and with it, memories that felt strange and out of place, like an old movie Tony had watched long ago while he was half-asleep.  "Am I gonna lose any IQ points?  ...am I gonna be a regular genius instead of a super-genius?" asked Tony.
The man muttered something foul under his breath. No doubt something rude. Steve stepped around, edging towards Tony so he could deliver the all important suit to him. But then a whip hissed and lodged into the ground between him and Tony. Hm...awkward. Steve ducked out of the way as the man swung another whip at him, growling before he spun back around to aim another at Tony.  Steve dived out of the way of the blow with relative ease. The man was an Alpha, a strong, dominant one, too. He was
But Peggy fit the bill.  She was one of Steve's few links to the past and her approval actually meant something.  Tony wondered if being Howard Stark's son was a good thing or a bad thing.  Peggy and Howard had worked together in the forties and fifties, and by all accounts, Howard had been something of a reckless lady killer back then.  Tony didn't want Peggy to think he was fucking around with Steve.  Surely she'd understand, as an Alpha, that Tony's commitment to Steve was just that: a commitment.
"You haven't slept with him yet." Morgan smiled at him goofily. She was drunk. But she looked sad, too. "But you will," she laughed. It was an empty sound. "You'll think you're different..." Then Morgan leant in a fraction, breath hot against Steve's cheek. "But you're not."
Down at the docks, the other guys often jabbed at Bucky for spoiling and indulging his omega. It was true, Bucky was indulgent; he thought Steve's attitude was cute and besides, Steve was sick.  Bucky couldn't stand to put Steve in his place and he was worried any punishment might hurt him. So, yes, he indulged Steve in his outrageous insistence on doing the sort of things Alphas and betas did, in part because Bucky thought it was adorable and quirky and in part because he just couldn't stand to see Steve be disappointed.
Then he smelt it. Bacon and syrup. Steve's stomach growled in hunger and he smiled, standing up with a yawn to grab his dressing gown. Was Tony making him breakfast?
It was weird how this all felt normal.  Tony understood why Steve hadn't wanted to kneel at the Expo; this was clearly and undeniably a submissive posture.  It was very un-Captain America.  But between them it felt right, intimate, and Tony didn't feel like they were in any sort of power dynamic.  It was just a set of roles that happened to work for them.  He didn't think of Steve as less than him, just different.
"You might feel a little sick, or queasy. The heat might not stop entirely. Sometimes it can just be delayed another day or so. The body is a funny thing. Hard to predict. Especially yours.  No offense, Captain."
Tony shoved his thoughts aside and wrapped his arms around Steve, nosing his chest, needing his warmth and his closeness.  Steve made Tony feel a lot of emotions he'd never had to deal with. In particular, uneasiness and uncertainty. Steve made Tony want to be a better person and for once, Tony felt challenged.
Tiberius shrugged, eyes still hard.  "I've been called a freak before. It was a useful bluff.  I suppose having a botched arvincolectomy serves a purpose, after all."
vacation.  Well. His and Steve's.  They were definitely going to visit Peggy; that was one commitment that couldn't be broken.
Damn it.  Tony had expected Alphas.  Or at least betas jacked up on a ton of hormones.  But if they were both omegas, then they couldn't be the Winter Soldier.  You couldn't mistake an omega for an Alpha.  It was an unfortunate reality that a lot of omegas would take dangerous amounts of suppressants, trying to pass as betas (it was rumored that this was what had killed Janis Joplin), but no amount of hormonal supplementation could turn an omega Alpha, or vice versa.  Tony thought back to his childhood friend, Ty, and a shudder passed through him.
But Steve didn't glance down. Not yet. He held Tony's gaze like the captain he was, jaw set and expression determined even though his blue eyes were bright with mischief. He liked Tony's reaction- he liked that the Alpha could handle him. In whatever form Steve was presented.
T'Chaka was nonplussed by Tony's bizarre, distracted side comments.  "It is very unfortunate, the recent events in my country," he plowed on.
"Cool," breathed Tony, obviously delighted.  He peered into another case. "Oo, this one has splitting springs instead of tumblers!  What is it, Chinese?"
They all sat around the table, Aria and three SHIELD agents and Tony and Steve.  Tony was in a good mood despite yesterday's foiled lodge plans; he hadn't had anything like this for a long, long time.
Perhaps one reason he'd always steered clear of omegas and of bonding was because he found the obsequious behavior of omegas to be a massive turn-off.  But Steve acted perfectly normal.  Steve was a person first and an omega second, and Tony liked people with a bit of spark to them.  (Case in point: Pepper.)  He knew that, if he ever asked Steve to do something awful, Steve would have no trouble saying no to him.
"Now is not the time," Fury snapped as he kicked the fire escape door open. Steve had to admit he was right. HYDRA were breaking into the corridor, it was time to go.
"Steve--" Banksy patted his arm. "Just have fun tonight, okay? You earned it. And so did you." He bopped Tony on the nose with his forefinger. "All the best people are here. You're gonna love it. Come on, come on...let me introduce you into some people. And drinks! Someone get Steve and Tony drinks!"
A pause, then a world-weary sigh.  Hearing Tony admit any sort of weakness was not something Clint could take lightly.  "Okay, fine.  Five-minute crash course and then you'll leave me alone and leave the line open and untampered with.  Deal?"
"Let me know if you want to stop," Steve whispered and then he ducked his head down, continuing his path. He dipped his tongue into the hints of muscle in Tony's abdomen, teasing with a soft hip here and there as he slowly trailed lower. He kept his pace languid just to work Tony up even more.
"Oh stop trying to protect my feelings! You were the one who..."  She went quiet for a moment. "He didn't, did he--"
Fortunately, Tony did have shorts on underneath his trousers (red silk boxer-briefs), and once his pants were (finally) off, Steve had finished drawing.
"...could never stay mad at Buck for long. Not even when he bought girls home. Too goddamn charming."
"The Internet thinks a lot of things," said Tony with a wave of his hand.  "Both of us are pretty sure we're infertile, so it's fine."
Fury and Steve didn't respond, they were already going over the files again together, heads ducked, concentrating, talking in low voices.
They all stood watching the grainy CCTV silently. The camera was across the street and the image was poor, but it was just across from the hotel roof, so there was a direct line of sight. Soft gasps could be heard when the dark, fuzzy image of Steve slipped and nearly fell of the roof to his death. Natasha's shoulders eased out when Steve pulled himself back up.
"He punched a wall. Well, we don't know if it was him," Pepper said quietly. "Some people messed with his head. They-"
Steve felt a shiver run down his spine as they stepped off of the jet to see a small nondescript building outside that didn't look any bigger than a house. Obviously, most of its interior was built underground.
"Hey," Steve murmured in greeting as he stepped into his bedroom. He couldn't help but smile at a sleepy Tony pushing himself up in bed. It was kinda nice to see Tony in his own bed, actually. Steve sat on the edge of the mattress gingerly and placed the tray over Tony's lap. "Made you breakfast."
Steve was practically trembling with fury. And his heat. But mostly the former, and he looked about ready to tear Gideon's head off. If only his goddamn body would work. Now Tony was here, and he felt safe, all he fear had dissipated and in its place was anger. A righteous kind.
He shifted very slightly under Steve.  He could smell the other's arousal and it was creating a positive feedback loop.  Both knew the other was turned on; neither was acknowledging it, not consciously, pretending they couldn't sense it, like a pair of awkward teenagers at a prom.  Tony couldn't remember ever being this shy around someone before.  The word "shy" was not part of his lexicon.  Tony treated his partners with a bold, forward, assertive attitude that most found appealing.  But those were betas.  With Steve, everything felt...
Steve didn't know where he was walking to. The direction was automatic. He just felt foolish, lost in his own thoughts...he should have known that Yemen hadn't really changed anything and that Pepper would always come first. Jesus, he and Tony weren't even properly mated anymore...why was the Alpha clinging on when he clearly wanted someone else? Why did he even want Steve?  As a prize to spite his father? That was something he refused to be.
There was a whoosh, a thunk, and the back of Tony's helmet slammed into his head, knocking him to the ground.
They went shopping with Pepper one day. It was hard getting Donner to choose things for himself, but they worked on it.
"Have you eaten anything today?  Here, let's get you up... Tony, please, I really think you need to see this interview.  It’s gone viral and everyone else has seen it.”
They thanked him when it was all over and shook hands before Steve went to clean himself up and leave.
He bit down on it after a few moments, his teeth fitting in to it perfectly.  He'd seen pictures and videos of omegas were deep, deep marks made from years of being bitten in the same place over and over, and always found them sort of gross.  In particular, omegas in porn would have prominently scars, and Tony had never seen the appeal of that.  Now he understood.  He clenched Steve's skin between his teeth, savoring the taste and the closeness; it felt even better the second time, feeling how his mouth fit, how the scar was shaped for him and only him.
"Tony...Tony..." Steve sighed, blinking as reality began to settle back in. Tony was still pulsing inside of him. He hummed and shut his eyes again. "We can't stay like this." He shivered pointedly and squirmed a little beneath him. "Mph...the floor is cold."
Tony nodded at Steve.  "I think I know him, I saw him at one of the workshops and I remember him from poker night."
Steve had only barely slammed the door behind him before he had Phil on the phone.  "Steve? Er, what is it? Is it about that girl's sister--"
Perhaps Peggy appreciated the simmering resentment because she dropped talking about Howard and went back to taking Steve through a photo album of Tony's early childhood.
He'd had such incredibly vivid memories, memories that weren't his.  Memories of-- Tony's breath hitched-- he and Steve, close, intimate, on a couch in a tiny flat, him nuzzling into Steve's neck and biting him; a vase of fucking tulips; hovering around Steve in uniform in a club...
form."  He took a swig of the alcohol, coughing and choking a little on the burning liquor.  Bottom-shelf gin.  Ugh.
Once the cup of water was gone Steve's (well, Tony's) phone started ringing. Steve put it on loud speaker and then dropped it on the cot.
Steve flopped down on the bed, curling in on himself impossibly further, his head tucked against his knees.
"Do you remember the plane to Monaco?" Steve breathed, stretching his legs out onto the seat in front of him (because yes, they were long enough to reach; Tony's plane had great leg room, for a regular person, but Steve was not a regular person and he often had to arrange himself into bizarre configurations to get comfortable). "You slapped my ass and it took every fiber of my being not to turn around and tell you where to stick it."
"Thanks, Tony, but you don't need to try to make me feel better.  I'm already over it," said Steve unconvincingly.
Behind him, Sam shifted uncomfortably.  Having two omegas in heat in the same room was making him salivate and he felt a little gross watching Phil compulsively shred things and move them around.
"It's okay. The Stark jet has amazing autopilot and don't worry, I can ask JARVIS to forget the coordinates once I land. Promise," Steve said. "I got it. Anything else I should know?"
they could have those conversations. "Okay. You want to make your mate happy, sure, I get that...but what about yourself? You don't like fighting. You don't have to fight to be a good boyfriend." DeSoto seemed to find Steve's use of the term 'boyfriend' strange, frowning again. "If you don't want to fight, tell him and if
Tony drew away to study Steve's face.  His blue eyes were guileless. His hair, normally swept back, had wilting over his forehead from his sweating.  Tony delicately traced the bow of his lips.
"Maybe you'll win and you can put it toward the new nursery," said Richard optimistically, slapping him on the back.
Tony woke in his bed, not sure how he'd gotten there or for how long he'd been sleeping.  Groggily, he rolled over to reach for Steve, but Steve's spot was empty. He checked the bedstand automatically.  Sure enough, there was one of Steve's curt little love notes.
"You think I'm not worried about his drinking? Even when I was his 'assistant' I would rip into him about it and serve him singles instead of doubles. Tony knows I don't like it. He can literally
Mackenzie drove them south (the moment he touched the accelerator, the car lurched forward; Mackenzie let out a whistle, unused to something so responsive), eyeballing Tony and Steve in the back.  "...what happened?" he asked, softly.
"...and people like Tony here, we'll continue to do so."  Steve half-smiled. "So I guess... all I have to say is... thank you for listening and... supporting me, and my bond, and... uh, being awesome."
David chuckled.  "Yes, in a manner of speaking.  The scent glands behind the ears are at maybe a sixty-degree angle above the gland and they're connected with a bundle of nerves.  Not a coincidence. They express during mating and heat."
It was a strange thing, trusting the omega to be the protective one.  But since when had Tony followed rules? Even though he couldn't remember Steve's exact words from the bedroom, he'd gotten the message and it had touched something in him, made him re-evaluate a lot of the elements of their relationship.
"--hope you're hungry," added the woman.  She, like Cooper, signed most of what she said, giving the impression of someone who was passionate about their words, her gestures fast and smooth, like an overly-emotional senator giving a speech.
If Tony had had the suit in New York he could have gone straight after Bucky... and probably would have killed him. It was a sobering thought.
Steve felt a sense of satisfaction as he watched Tony lie down across the work table. He bit down on his bottom lip slowly and then moved to crawl over him. He ducked his head down to drag his teeth down he curve of Tony's jaw quite mercilessly, smirking against the skin as he felt an involuntary shudder in response. This was different, this shift in authority. Steve was enjoying it more than he expected to.
He trailed down lower, teasing his teeth and lips over Tony's left pectoral just because he could. Steve's eyes flickered up to watch his Alpha's face. "Tell me."
"Stand back," instructed Steve, his voice hard, and before Tony could stop him, he was smashing open the first of the five doors.
Tony realized he was a fuckton drunker than he'd originally thought.  He literally didn't remember that conversation at all. "...I think I need to go to bed now," he whispered to Steve.  Or at least, he tried to whisper it. He actually just said it in a normal tone.
"--and then we can get back by the thirtieth because I still have a lot of planning to do for my New Year's party.  PEPPER!" yelled Tony suddenly. "DID YOU GET POSNER?"
He didn't know what had happened to his arm.  He guess he had just been born without it or something.  He didn't really question things like that.
He still felt horny, he would for a few days...but he no longer felt a need to jump Tony's bones. He no longer felt a need to straddle him whilst he still slept. Steve blinked. The smell of food was really very tempting but he couldn't leave Tony alone and make him panic again and he looked so peaceful just lying there Steve daren't wake him up either.  He just lay there for a while, staring up at the ceiling, enjoying the sensation of being back in control of himself.
JARVIS followed the coordinates to the letter, but it was still unclear if this was the correct location.  Steve landed in the middle of a field dusted with a light frost. If this was a safehouse, it was unlike any safehouse Steve had ever seen.  There was a large, white farmhouse with hunter-green shutters and a wide front porch, and a weathered barn behind it. It sat on several acres of field, and beyond it, there was nothing but trees and mountains.  There was a small pond, frozen over; the road leading up to it was simply packed dirt. An American flag was fluttering near the door. There was a tire swing on a large tree behind it. The whole place screamed "average."
"Fine, fine.  Have your little charity.  But as I said. No guests, no performances, no mention of any status-oriented groups.  Stick to the scripted apology."
"Great," Steve told her and tilted his head back to look up at the clouds. "I read those articles you sent. Thanks."
Pepper turned to Louis.  "Well," she said, tone a bit dry, "welcome to heats in the Stark-Rogers household."
Tony gave Steve a friendly little salute with two fingers and turned to leave, but stopped short as a black SUV pulled up and four people climbed out.  Steve knew two of them already.  "Blinky.  Phil Collins.  Hi," he said.  The other two were unknown to him.  A steely-eyed man and a red-head, both in tactical gear.  Tony didn't let himself react.
Somewhere in the back of his head, he wondered if this was how he would die; if it would be less painful than slowly being poisoned by his arc reactor; if Pepper and the omega were watching him.  He hoped not.
"Made you leave?" Steve frowned. Maybe Bucky had gotten violent, or compromised them, or maybe he wasn't safe around Pietro. There was a multitude of potential reasons.
They spent the first few sessions sweating and rolling around in pain mostly; it wasn't until the end of October that either he or Clint was capable of doing anything more. And a month after that Steve had Clint on the floor on multiple occasions. It was getting to the point where Steve didn't feel the inducer anymore; he just got a light sweat and perhaps a little frustrated. It was the serum, the doctors told him, no one else would be able to adapt like this. Steve, of course, was then worried for Clint; as Steve began taking higher and higher doses, Clint remained unable to ignore the effects of a full dose of the stuff.
In some children, it was immediately obvious if they were Alphas or omegas or betas.  In others, their status didn't present until puberty. Cooper was one of those children.  Steve would have guessed he was a beta, but it wasn't immediately obvious and probably wouldn't be for several more years.
He went up to the cabin and took the steps two at a time before he opened the door and shut it behind him. He slumped against the door heavily, exhausted both physically and emotionally.
Steve smiled sadly and let Tony pull in close, wrapping an arm around him as he moved to let Tony lie on top of him. He felt a lump threaten to rise in his throat and swallowed it down. "I would if I could Tony," he murmured and ran his fingers through the other's hair still, trying to calm him down.
? Steve was going to go insane if he was left in an omega play pen for the day full of people like Piper, but that was what he had come here to do.
Tony still didn't move. Steve sighed fondly and reached up, dragging the sheet down lower. "What will it take to persuade you?" He asked, voice a touch softer than it was before.
The White House security team looked a little iffy about letting Steve in. Maybe he was hard to recognize, with all the blood. Steve wasn't sure. He really needed to find a bathroom to at least wash his face, and pronto.  "Come on, I'm Captain Steve Rogers!" he kept saying.
Tony kicked himself out from under the pipe and rose.  For a split second, Steve saw Tony's knees buckle slightly.  He put a hand out to steady himself on the pipe; he was used to hiding weakness.  He grinned easily and set the level on top.  "...damn it... okay... that's a few degrees off..."  He crouched, examining a junction between two pipes.  "I need... I need something here... maybe some... yeah, that might work... CLINT!  ARE THERE A FEW COPIES OF WIRED ON MY COFFEE TABLE?"
' under her breath when they'd passed useless and testosterone-fueled training sessions on their way into the gym.
Nick Fury was leaning on Steve's counter, looking ominous in a leather trench coat and gloves.  Tony stared at him like a deer in the headlights.
else. They took my whole goddamn life.  My-- my past, and my mate.  And now they're coming after me, and they weren't shooting to kill. They wanted to
Tony sat up and sniffed, then looked over at Steve with an exhausted grin.  "Was... was that it? It's over already?" He rubbed his eyes, then reached for his glasses on the bedside stand.  "That was easy. Only one assassination attempt, and most of the skin on my dick is still there." (He was half-joking.  The chafing was actually pretty bad. He couldn't remember where the balm Dr. Gleason had given him had gone. He'd have Pepper locate it for him later.)  "I'm starving. You wanna go get some breakfast?" he offered, slipping his hand into Steve's.
"We can hold hands," Steve affirmed after a moment. He cautiously moved to sit down next to Bucky. It was awkward. He moved to take his human hand in both of his hand and cradled it against his own chest. Bucky's hand was warm, his own were cold.
Tony abandoned his search and let Jarvis get a mug for him.  "I had the weirdest dream, okay.  Oh my God, it was so weird, Captain America was there, but he was an O, and I had this flying robot suit..."  It was already starting to fade.  "...and my heart was gone and replaced with an arc reactor..."  He slid into a bar stool, putting his elbows up on the kitchen island and waiting for his morning coffee.  He'd only just discovered Fresh press, which was gross, but was what Stane drank, and Tony liked feeling mature.
"...and then he said... let there be light," murmured Tony, fitting a film reel into the projector and hitting the switch.
Maria opened the freezer and pulled out a bottle.  "Will this--" she began, but Tony had already grabbed it.
"...they're gonna come here," said Tony softly, setting his chin on Steve's head.  "We're gonna stay in for a few days, okay?  You let Aria do the work, handle the pres.  You just relax, okay?"
After dinner they were given coffee and hot chocolate (or in some people's cases, more drinks).  The drinks remained light.  There were no mixes or hard liquors; the omegas were only allowed champagne and dessert wines.  Still, better than nothing.  Some of them (including Lola and Fred) had managed to get fairly tipsy.
Tony smoothed down his shirt.  He wanted to find something to say to Steve, but couldn't think of anything.
Tony stretched across the floor, found a gauntlet, and heaved it up with a grunt.  Clearly it was heavy.
Donner looked concerned about the blatant dismissal of the Alphas by the omegas.  Clearly, he'd never been to a party where everyone acted like equals. Or perhaps not even equals... because of the strong influence of Status Alliance, a lot of the omegas seemed smugly superior to the Alphas.  They clustered up in friendly groups, overly touchy and playful with each other, occasionally chuckling at the silliness of Alphas and how much they cared about dominance. A lot were unbonded. Two, Steve had already noticed, were unapologetically in pre-heat and flirting with Alphas, eating cups of crushed ice and looking flushed but happy.
At least, thought Tony, Steve had all his omega friends to help him through the re-bonding situation.  Tony was at a loss as to who he should turn to for support. Pepper and Happy were betas, and Rhodey was unbonded.  Tony had no clue who could relate to what he was going through. Once again he was forced to acknowledge that he didn't have many close friends.
He lay back, pulling Steve down with him, feeling thoroughly content.  He was hungry and he really wanted to go work in the shop, but the warmth of the bed was calling to him.  His room had always smelled familiar, like himself; now it smelled familiar but in a different way.  He and Steve's scents were mingled and Tony felt like he'd known that smell all his life; it was more comforting, more relaxing than his own smell along.  Tony had spent years trying to deny all of his instincts, feeling smugly superior that he was more than merely his status.  And now it was all undone and he didn't really care; he and Steve, alone like this, could be themselves, could let go and be a little bit feral with each other and not worry about being judged for it.
The house was gorgeous as they pulled up to it and not too dissimilar in style to their own. Steve and Tony got of their car and could hear a soft rumble of music coming from the house. It wasn't 'booming' but there was definitely a party going on inside. They stepped through the open doors at the entrance to find a house full of famous people. Of course, Steve didn't recognize most of them but he could just tell... famous people were different, their own brand of insane. Especially at parties.
they gave you the serum was because they saw something in your that none of their Alpha army pukes had.  They wanted someone who embodied a bunch of moral ideals and that's you. You're the most obnoxiously righteous person on the planet.  That's all Steve Rogers. Not the serum." He gave Steve's hand a squeeze before reaching over to flip Steve's sketchbook closed.
"All weekend he'd been going around poisoning their fragile little minds with his big ideas because his Alpha is an out-of-control, drunken maniac!"
"Steve," said Tony quietly.  "...I'm sorry.  I know you'll say it wasn't my fault, and that you don't mind, and that you can take care of yourself.  But I'm sorry I put you in danger.  A good Alpha's supposed to protect their omega.  And I know you're a soldier, Steve, but... but I can't help that- wanting to keep you safe, wanting to take care of you.  I'm sorry I put you in danger.  I love you.  If anything ever happened to you, Steve, I don't know how I'd ever go back to how I was.  I didn't know I was missing anything and now... it's like..."  He trailed off.  He looked at the window, struggling with his emotions.  He hadn't felt this vulnerable since he'd first came out of the cave.  "...don't you
He vaguely wondered if Tony had seen his interview. Steve barely remembered it himself; he'd felt pretty shaken up at the time. That had been the day before he left the US. Then he'd gone off the grid.
"Thank you, really," Steve said softly and Banksy just nodded, like he understood. He did, Steve realised. An arranged bonding- his mother had fought tooth and nail to protect him from that. Even though the money would have sorted her out for life.
"You see? His programming is failing," said the man in the uniform.  "...we're probably going to dismiss Karpov and just keep the asset for breeding purposes.  He's the closest approximation we have to an enhanced soldier at present, but we've known for years that Project Eve and Project Guiding Star were flops."
"I'm fine." Steve quickly pulled his shirt back down. "Come on Tony," he said, taking his Alpha's hand to lead him upstairs to a bathroom. "James has an omega boyfriend; he probably feels more comfortable bringing that sort of stuff up. I'm sorry. He shouldn't have asked."
Steve closed his eyes, pushing those thoughts away. He was tired. So goddamn tired. Too tired to think about Bucky or Tony or anyone or even the massing telling off Fury was probably going to give him tomorrow. He could rest. He was safe. He had a bed and a
It occurred to him that the guy on the fridge was probably dead.  Maybe Aunt Peggy was, too.  When was the last time he'd spoken to her, anyway?  If she passed away, he would have heard about it, right?  Someone would tell him, right?  He hadn't talked to Aunt Peggy in about twenty years.
"T'Challa is the crown prince, not the king.  T'Chaka's the one who specifically requested to speak to Tony.  And I want to emphasize, he's not angry, he knows you're not behind this... he just wants to strategize with you about preventing--" began Rhodey, but Tony wasn't listening.
"...that's great," agreed Tony, moving into the kitchen to grab a carton of orange juice and a bottle of vodka from the fridge.  He began mixing himself a Screwdriver. "...how're you feeling? About the... neck? It doesn't look so bad." He tried to sound like he believed that.
"You know, the day your piece came out, our membership went up drastically. As did Horseshoe's, I believe. It was a spike that lasted a couple of days. You touched a lot of people, Captain," Ty breathed as he stared down at the water of the pool. It shimmered under the sun. "It was quite something. Not just coming out, but... well, being alive at all.  I couldn't believe it. I mean, the whole world thought you were dead."
They had come to this conference with the full awareness that there were extremists in the world, Alphas who had downright medieval views on bonding.  But uncovering actual human trafficking, a sick subculture within an already sick subculture... Tony doubted either of them could have adequately mentally prepared for that.
"Well, I... I would imagine it might veto the heat entirely, especially if the body is put under enough trauma. It's sort of like the 'fight or flight' response. The heat knows it's a bad time and sometimes it will stop. If an omega is in danger, the last thing they want to be is in heat too."
than he would have liked.  It was Steve in a nutshell.  Strong and optimistic, with lots of flowery language and powerful ideas and a sincere belief in the goodness of people.  Tony was disappointed by the lack of details about their sex life.  He would have to change that, when he had the chance.  Maybe let slip a few details, like Steve's ability to hold his breath or something about how Steve was lucky he had the serum to help him keep up.  Tony didn't want people thinking he'd grown soft; he had cultivated a careful image of himself as a sexual force to be reckoned with.  After Afghanistan, he had had a three-month hiatus from sex and then it back to business as usual, bedding a new girl every four days, on average, just to keep up appearances.  He hadn't even enjoyed it, really.  But it was important for him to act that way.  It was a habit, a chore, and Tony had maintained an extravagant social life even through his Iron Man-ing, because doing otherwise would, in his mind, be a sign of weakness.
Alpha, that Steve should definitely consider Tony as his newest mate. Because, in addition to being capable and willing and eager to throw himself off of buildings and get into fights with other Alphas, Tony could also be incredibly selfless and caring and would trip over himself to do whatever Steve wanted, as long as Steve indicated what that was.
Steve was actually nervous as he stepped into the elevator. He was holding a fairly large paper bag.
Tony's mouth twitched.  "Alright, alright." He slid his body into the water with a sigh of contentment.  The water was heated and after the cool sea air it was delicious; his skin broke out in goosebumps.
Peggy's eyes had a hint of mischief.  "Oh, those Howling Commandos... the only outfit with an omega leader... everyone thought you all must be insane.  Well, you were, weren't you? Always volunteering for the most dangerous missions... a bunch of regular little daredevils."  A shadow passed over her face suddenly and she looked down at the photos. She flipped the pages for Steve and found one of him and Bucky.  It was a posed photo; Steve was holding Bucky's helmet aloft and Bucky was on his tip-toes, straining to reach it comically, and both of them were grinning.
hole in there; his sternum had been obliterated; the skin around the arc reactor was melted into raised, pink, waxy swirls; he was a mess, a beautiful mess, a tragic masterpiece.  He wanted to go out with a bang.  He wanted everyone to remember him as he was tonight, happy, powerful, magnificent.  No one knew it except him, but this wasn't a birthday.  It was an Irish wake.  The last party of his life.
"Tony! Oh my God," Steve reached back to grab Tony's legs to support him. "You-- you really need to warn me before you do that." Even with all Steve's strength, having Tony's body weight thrown at him almost knocked him over. And he didn't want to drop a very coked up Tony. Once he gathered himself he began to carry Tony upstairs, regretfully leaving the pizza out in the sun. "Yes, I spoke to Clint. Everything is fine. His brother is just... a sensitive topic for him." Steve hated lying about Clint's family. He hoped he felt like he could tell Tony someday.
"The situation is very complicated Buck," Steve breathed. "...I don't think you understand.  We're on the run, which is why we can't mate, and even if we
Tony gestured for Steve to come to him.  "Steve," he said softly.  "C'mere.  Let me hold you.  You're so good, you're such a good omega... you're a good
And then Steve was being dragged off to the nearest medical building on base.  Despite the care he'd already received in the jet, the EMTs seemed hell-bent on doing everything over again.  They dragged him to get an MRI, a CAT scan, and a battery of X-rays; someone took his sandwich away in case he needed surgery.  (It turned out he didn't and they had wasted a perfectly good sandwich.)
Tony grinned.  He was fond of horror movies.  Pepper never had been.  He was curious as to whether Steve would conclude the movie was good or bad.  Yet another thing he didn't know about Steve.
It made Steve feel better when Joey said this was to do with HYDRA. But it obviously wasn't enough to ease Tony's conscience.
"I should go check on Tony first," Steve said. "He needs food too." Jed nodded, following behind Steve. He tapped away at his phone as he walked, downloading the soundbite.
When Tony tried to wander off again they lead him back. "Hey, come on. Let's go to bed Tony," Steve said. "You must be tried."
Tony shook his hand.  He was actually rather interested in meeting this man.  Eric looked... normal. What kind of person would attend these conferences, exactly?  "So, Eric... what brings you to... this thing?"
to him.  The way he moved and spoke and fought, the expressions on his face, his smell.  Everything about him was a symphony and it felt like it was one that was dedicated to him.  He almost felt bad for hurting him.  (Of course, he'd had to.  His instructions were very clear, and besides, Captain America had hurt him, too; the knife wound in his hip was throbbing.)  He wondered if, once he took Captain America, if he would see him again.  If they would maybe get to talk.  He didn't know what they'd talk about because he wasn't allowed to talk to anyone about anything; other than giving mission reports and answering questions, no one wanted to hear him.  Occasionally, rarely, he and Karpov would have a conversation if Karpov was bored.  But he didn't know how to talk to people, and he'd been able to tell, when he was talking to Ducky and Amber and Freak, that they had not understood him.
"You think it's so easy, don't you?  You think I can just go in there and find a chapter of contents, look up the page I want?  Ha! You have no
Tony smiled slightly.  He had weird nicknames for nearly all of his old war buddies, and some of them Tony was familiar with, because his father had mentioned them occasionally, in passing.
Steve turned to Tony. "Yeah.  Let's leave.  But only on the condition that you let me carry you out so it doesn't get worse."
"Tony's okay. I promise," Steve murmured. "But he's asleep right now and he needs it. So I'd rather not wake him."  He untangled their fingers and left the bedroom.  "But I'll get him to call you after breakfast," he assured her as he sank down onto his sofa, legs tucked under himself. "And you don't owe me an apology, really. Everyone thought I was dead, after all. So did I.  Beside, SHIELD put me there to be undercover, so I'll take it as a compliment that you didn't recognize--"
They got off and walked a few blocks before slipping into an alley to open their "anniversary present."
He bit down, gently, trying to find any sort of familiarity.  Yes-- there were the marks for the upper canines. He bit harder, a little more confidently, tugging on Steve's skin, wrapping his arms around his omega's body.  He felt a bloom of heat between his legs and he let out a soft growl of pleasure.
"...can I help you, Mr. Rogers?" Tony asked innocently, trying to act unaffected by Steve's proximity.  It was a silly game; of course Steve could probably smell his excitement and, frankly, if Steve glanced down, he could see it, too.  But Tony had never seen Steve act this way and was curious to see where he was taking it.
"Don't like the pudding?" Aria grinned at Sitwell over the table that night as they all sat around with bowls of pre-bought pudding.
But he wasn't thinking about evacuation.  He'd crossed the empty hanger in a split second, making for the woods that surrounded the bunker.
Steve had run off to be with Bucky.  He was coming back, but Tony was more aware than ever than he was only a "secondary" Alpha.  And he wondered if maybe, in part, this was some sort of revenge. Steve said he liked making points.  Tony had gone out to look at collars with him, and Steve had turned around and run off with some other Alpha... what better way to demonstrate to Tony that Tony wasn't in control?
Steve waved him off.  "When I did go out it never ended well." It either ended up with Steve getting into a fight with some Alpha that Bucky had to pull him out of, or Bucky shacking up with some girl. Sometimes the girl would even know about Steve, that he was Bucky's mate. He remembered they used to coo over him.
It was unfair of the Angel of Death to expect to solve this riddle.  Yeah, sure, he was a genius.  But that didn't extend to spiritual drug trips.  Tony believed in math, not in higher powers.
"Yeah, you screwed up but so did I Tony. And royally. I lied to Peggy and I literally invited HYDRA to come get me to act out some idiotic revenge fantasy like a lunativ.  This isn't just on you; this is on me too.  Like you said.  It's us, now.  Not just me anymore."  The lapsed into silence.  "What's a tamale?"
was the one and only word for it. Steve remembered spending days and days here before the Yemen incident and Peggy parading around with him in the park nearby to make a grouchy neighbour jealous.
Steve huffed in discomfort as Tony pulled out of him but he'd rather that small instant of pain than Gleason see him like this. Sure, he'd technically stuck up how fingers up Steve's ass but Steve would still prefer to retain some decency.
Tony angled himself toward the main stage and dove, dropping next to the Mark V, the suit that had gotten away.  It was nearly unrecognizable; it was bristling with new weapons, and it was looking, in Tony's opinion, a lot bulkier and less streamlined than his old model.
He wandered aimlessly for a bit.  The sun was setting rapidly and there weren't many people here.  Eventually he just sat.
Tony looked over at him, confused, but Sam was staring wide-eyed at the wall, where, moments before, Pietro had been.  His gun was now aimed at nothing at all.
"Can't you just give him something to... calm him down?  Without fully knocking him out? I don't want Tony to fall asleep," Steve whispered. Maybe it was selfish, but he didn't want to be left alone.
On the morning of Tony's psych evaluation, Steve made Tony waffles in bed with strawberries and Nutella (Steve freakin' loved Nutella; it was one of the better inventions of the last sixty-five years, in his opinion.)  He made him extra-strong coffee too.  Colombian. He brought everything in on a tray and caught Tony as he was getting out of the shower.
Besides, his mind was occupied with the phrase "work on our bond."  Tony doubted very much that a week would be long enough.  Hell, a lifetime might not be long enough.  Steve was a super-solider; the serum had created a freak of nature, an omega more powerful than most Alphas, rippling with muscles and strength.  And Tony was... well.  A national disaster.  A piping hot mess.  Back asswards, absolutely salmagundi.    Even with a regular omega, Tony wouldn't have had any clue what the hell he was doing.  But when you factored in Steve's status as the world's most powerful omega and also factored in that he'd been previously (no-
"Pietro and Wanda came," Steve whispered. "They wanted revenge still. It seems they ignored my advice. SHIELD have taken them in now." He sighed and the noise was half a whine.
"The world needs Captain America.  Not as an omega, not as a person... as a symbol, Rogers.  You signed up for this, you took that serum knowing that you were giving yourself to your country.  And now you're losing your head over..."  Fury's eye traveled to Tony, who was still drinking orange juice from the carton.
Tony was currently peeling apart toad-in-the-hole as if concerned it might actually have toad in it.
Steve made to take the stairs around the back entrance up to his bedroom. "You're done, Tony. You're going to make yourself sick. For real."
"I didn't say anything," said Sam, holding his hands up.  "Look, he's got a meeting with Dr. Brazinski in thirty.  You guys wanna get lunch?  ...I'll make sure we're back for the simulation component," he added quickly, seeing Steve's look of hesitation.
"They were great, Dave, really, thank you... okay... well, if no one else has anything, then you've got the floor, Steph.  What's going on?"
"Wanda.  More," he pressed.  "It's empty now. Please.  I'm alone. He needs me. I need him.  We're bonded. Wanda. Please." His face was expressionless, yet tears were running down it.  He did not seem aware of them.
The days passed easily enough and Steve healed perfectly well. They fell back into their routine but there was a new anxiousness to it- outside the house no longer felt safe. There was the constant but silent threat of HYDRA around them, lingering at all times... Steve didn't go jogging without Sam now. He dragged Tony along if he wanted to eat out, or he went with Pepper to go shopping. Gleason visited a few times to check over Steve and kept assuring them he'd have something by Christmas...but he didn't ever give them any real answers.
caught the edge of the roof. He scrabbled for purchase, his hands slippery with snow. He didn't need to look down to know how far the drop went. "Fuck. Oh my God. Come on. Come on! Goddammit!" he grunted as he pulled himself up onto the roof, his ankle throbbing. Fuck. He was fucked. Steve had under estimated this; he didn't think they would send the witch. Why didn't he goddamn think?!
Pepper turned bright, bright red, her skin matching her hair, and she got an embarrassed, goofy smile.
He squeezed Steve's hand back.  The two of them both got out of the bath, sloshing water everywhere, and did a sloppy job of toweling each other off.
Steve leaned back down but then winced as the sheets brushed against his sore neck. He turned around on his front, arms folded under the pillows. He turned his head on its side to look at Tony, his hair tufting up a little at the top. He smiled a little in return, looking sleepy.
Tony eyed Steve's body warily.  Steve was lying on his stomach, pinned by one of Tony's suits, which was on standby.  Tony had tugged on a pair of sweatpants. It didn't help. He was still partially erect, his body still reacting to the smell of Steve, and Steve lying there naked was as scintillating as it was horrifying.  Steve's hand was bleeding but Tony didn't dare try to wrap it up, knowing the grip that hand had. Steve was also lying on at least one shard of pottery from the orchid Tony had smashed over his head, and he was worried about it cutting into Steve's flesh (he could smell blood), but he had no way to easily move Steve without potentially letting him loose, and that was a chance he wasn't willing to take just yet.
"It was a very complicated time," Steve tried to offer. "It's been a long week. I really think you should both try to calm down before you have this conversation..."
"But satisfaction brought him back," shot back Tony.  "So, do you guys, do you all cycle together?  Follow-up question, exactly how many accidental pregnancies have you had so far?  Are casual Fridays super awkward when you guys are in heat, or do you just, like, leave bags of ice in the breakroom and pray to the powers that be that everyone's going to act rationally?"
t was scary to think they had so far to go but... Steve knew that with Tony by his side things would be much easier.  And the 21st century was already a hell of a lot better than the 20th.
They'd arrived home after the conference and Gideon had told him: "Don't get out of the car." And he hadn't, because Donner was
"Oooh we didn't talk about it.  No we didn't. I didn't have proper heats, anyway. Only lasted a few days."
He stepped over the body and began striding quickly down the hall at a not-quite jog.  Sam went over the bodies, just in case one might have anything useful, but neither had anything Sam didn't already have himself, so he shoved them to the side and raced after Tony.
Steve's gaze flitted to the floor. "I think maybe I'll do the music video thing...I dunno. It sounds fun. I don't want people to think I'm too serious.  Then they won't listen to me."
"So," Howard bent down, toward Steve, ignoring Jarvis's strange outburst completely. "Where did you come from, 'Nick?'"
Steve curled into his touch, eyes half drooping shut. It was strange...still feeling so weirdly clean after sex. Nice, in a way. Steve guessed he would get used to this. He tucked his face against the crook of Tony's shoulder, hiding away from the late afternoon sunlight that was pooling into the room. He sighed softly, contently.
Tony shook his head, not trusting himself to talk.  Sam's words, about how it was his fault, kept going through his head, and he was desperate to get to Steve in time.  If they were too late, if something happened to Steve because of him, he'd never forgive himself.
"Oh my God!  Oh my God! Really?  Really? They're giving me the show?  Just me?" cried Banksy, crawling all over Boswell's lap.  Boswell was trying desperately not to spill his scotch with moderate success.
Steve sighed quietly when he saw Tony's expression through the misty glass of the shower. "I forgive you," he told him and he was surprised to hear that he really meant it. Steve swallowed and went back to washing the eyes out of his hair, blinking when a bit of shampoo threatened to get in his eye.
"JARVIS.  Can it," said Tony, who had a headache.  Also, he didn't want to be reminded of the date.  It was only twelve days-- less than two weeks-- until his parents' deaths anniversary and he didn't want to think about that.
"Don't worry, even I'm not crazy enough to try to roofie Captain America," he said with a laugh, already mixing Steve another drink.  "...wouldn't want him to break my nose."
While Steve and Banksy were talking, Aria and Pepper had stopped by.  They looked like yin and yang, with Pepper's light hair and eyes contrasting sharply to Aria's dark hair and smokey eye make-up.  Pepper was in a soft pink pantsuit while Aria was in dark, swishy slacks and a dark blouse. Funnily, though, both of them were tapping away on tablets and carrying binders under their arms.
He understood bonding in a very intellectual way, the same way he understood "love" or "ownership."  But in his life these things were only hypotheticals. He did not love and he did not own things. He understood that people could be irrational and therefore manipulated with such things, but for him and, he assumed, Karpov, these follies were simply nonexistent.  Bonding was something he didn't have and that didn't, to his awareness, affect him in any way, but he was extremely interested to know what insight the blond could give him.
The other omegas waved back pleasantly enough, still not willing to come near him.  Like he was bad luck.
"Tell him I'm coming," Steve said wearily, shoulders slumping.  His panic had subsided and left him with normal midnight exhaustion.  He rubbed sleep out of his eyes, yawning loudly, and then leaned over to kiss Tony's forehead, but missed and got his eyelid. "Urgh. Sorry. I'll let you know how he's doing when I get there," he promised and then slipped out of bed. He wobbled a little before he made his way into the wardrobe to get changed.
Iron Man was bright red.  He wasn't sure if he was going to be able to handle that.  Time was of the essence; if any of the unbonded omegas downstairs walked out, then no one would give Tony the time of day.
, you should.  That one's a classic.  Everyone's seen it," said Tony after a moment.  "It kind of inspired the entire 'found footage' genre."  He found Steve's hand and brought it to his face, kissing Steve's knuckles and nuzzling his fingertips.
"You were a good person to wake up to," he whispered. "You were so good Phil. So patient and I never thanked you for that...I just resented all of you for keeping me in quarantine. Though of course I know why you did it. It's why I accepted this mission in the first place; I was so goddamn desperate to get out..."
Pepper had gotten her for Steve; she'd warned him that he would need one, and she was right.  After his interview, every reporter in the world was trying to get an exclusive statement from him.  Aria had swooped in like an angel and immediately taken that burden off of Steve's shoulders.  She was the most terrifyingly blunt beta he'd ever spoken with. She took what he said as granted, didn't argue with him, but calmly explained everything he didn't understand. She gave him every offer, told him which ones were any good, which ones he should consider, and which ones were garbage.  Aria's knowledge of the 21st century was a godsend.  And she involved him in every decision.
"A guy nuked his own DNA and based turned himself into the Jolly Green Giant.  Only, not so jolly.  Imagine Godzilla crossed with a rage-fueled zombie."
Alpha.  No wonder the history books had gotten it wrong; no sane person looking at this photo would guess he was am omega, not in a million years.
Tony doubted, somewhat, what Steve was offering.  He was surprised at how hesitant he was; he couldn't stand to be disappointed, not about this.  He didn't want to be let down.  But, strangely, that was his only misgiving. Maybe it was because they were in their honeymoon phase. Tony sure as hell didn't want to give up sleeping with gorgeous women, with supermodels and heiresses and athletes. But ever since bonding, all he'd wanted was Steve, and he liked the idea of coming out and having everyone know he'd laid claim to this omega in particular.  The
"Aren't you coming?" Eric asked, walking back over to them as they weren't heading into the conference room.
Steve's face was unreadable for a moment. "I remember I could only afford a pine coffin. But I decorated it myself. I painted flowers on every side and patterns around the edges. The vicar told me it was beautiful.  The quartet down the road came and sang a few songs for free. It was peaceful. Nothing flashy, but Ma wouldn't have wanted flashy."
He saw two guys go down but wasn't sure if he'd gotten the other two targets before a moment later they were engulfed in smoke and Steve was charging in, and Tony couldn't fire if Steve was in the middle of that.
He laughed a little awkwardly. If Tony kept touching him like this Steve was in a serious risk of giving a live demonstration of said behaviour. "So...yeah. That's about it."
"Wow, you know what, look at my wrist," said Tony, trying to look at his watch and realizing he wasn't wearing one.  "How about I have my people talk to your people and we'll.... talk later? C'mon, Steve!"
thought Tony darkly.  In alcohol, Tony had found a reprieve.  A way to loosen himself, dumb himself down, dull the world so it wasn't so sharp and loud.  Tony had been told, as a teenager, that his IQ was probably around 215, but that after so many deviations, the test was no longer really accurate and that that was only an estimation.  Tony retained that fact and was well aware that he didn't relate to normal people; he'd begun drinking in college because it was the only way to relate to his peers, who were not as smart as him and also happened to be several years older.  In fact, he'd met Rhodey at a frat party-- he'd been too drunk to walk straight, and Rhodey had been furious, demanding to know who the hell was responsible for getting a 16-yr-old trashed.
"Where are you taking me?" Steve demanded. "Are you taking me home? Have you tried calling Tony yet?"
Steve snorted.  "We showed ankles in the forties, Tony.  But no, we just kissed, that was it.  We were fighting a
Something warmed in Steve's chest. He nodded and leaned over to kiss Donner's forehead in an act of tenderness that surprised himself before he pulled away, still holding Tony's hand, leaving his cousin and the baby to spend the rest of the night in peace and quiet.
"Did you know you were the first ever omega to be a commissioned captain in the army?" asked Cooper excitedly.
Rhodey got out.  Donner didn't move.  Rhodey opened the door for him and said, "Come on."  Donner slid out and followed Rhodey, head down, still looking like he was about to be shot.
Tony knew all about Alphas who went feral if they thought their mate was threatened, but Tony was not pair-bonded to anyone and he was uncertain as to why he was acting like this.  Aftermath from the concussion, maybe?
"Try and sleep every ten or so. Give yourselves a break at least every two hours else you might hurt yourselves," Gleason said and cleared his throat. "I have salve for that too. If you need it."
, it was great."  Tony caught Steve's blank look.  "...never mind, don't worry about it, Banner's probably dead.  Real shame.  The guy was supposed to be a real renaissance man."  A shadow passed over Tony's face.  "...it was probably my guns that took him down."  A pause.  "Anywho.  JARVIS!  Need a new index!  Project Thor!"  He turned to Steve.  "Obviously they're speaking in code.  Probably because of me.  I bet Fury knew I'd get in.   It's good to know he's not underestimating my brilliance.  I mean, you really can't, I'm
"Yeah." Steve sipped at his own wine. Banksy sniffed loudly next to him. "I think they can too. Boswell was a good guy."
"Don't do it again," repeated Tony.  "Run away like that." His voice was sterner than he meant it to be; he ran his fingers through Steve's hair, just to let him know he didn't mean it to sound so cruel, and then gave his head another encouraging little push.
you wouldn't be trying to hide all this. This is stupid. They're here to talk to me in heat and I'm supposed to pretend I'm not gonna have sex for the next couple of days?"
"I'm definitely dying," insisted Tony.  "I can't breathe. This is it. I'm dying.  I need an old priest and a young priest."
Steve laughed gently at Tony's joy and ran a hand through his hair soothingly as he cuddled against him. It felt pretty good, actually. It felt good that people knew and that the response was positive and supportive...that meant so much to Steve. He represented the people, didn't he? If he was going to make change then this felt like the right way to do it.
"No way," said Tony, bouncing on the balls of his feet.  "We've got places to do and people to be.  Time waits for no man.  It's Christmas; we got sledding to do!"
. But in the fight we have to be professional, because lives are on the line. Including our own." He pecked his lips before pulling back.
"Oh. And I just took a picture of me pulling an unimpressed face instead of one of you two. Thought you might appreciate that," Steve said, bringing his drink to his lips with a glint of mischief in his blue eyes.
"We're gonna find him, Steve.  We're going to go get him back, okay?" said Tony, still rubbing Steve's back.  Steve had hunched into his seat and his hands were in his hair, a sure sign of a nuclear meltdown.  "It's okay, we got this, we got everyone over at 84 to help us. We won't let anyone hurt him. ...Happy, take Olive St. and go north..."
"He will.  In one or two days, you'll be a mess and you know he's not in control of himself.  It's time to send him away now, Pietro."
"I will never get used to how much you guys swear in this century!" Steve laughed, shaking his head.
Fury dropped a heavy folder on the bed.  "Captain America doesn't get privacy," he said bluntly.  "One look at channel 4 could've told you that. Captain, here's your public apology.  Yemen is backing off, thanks in a very large part to the work of Colonel Rhodes. But you'd better give one hell of a stirring speech this Friday and look remorseful as hell."
Stone caught Steve's eye and smiled.  "So here's Captain Steve Rogers! A pleasure to finally meet you, and congratulations on coming out... you've shaken things up and I couldn't be happier for it."  He stepped around an orchid. "...hell, are these all yours? There must be a thousand."
"We need to get out of here. I don't know where we are but I don't like it much," Steve said, glancing around a little self-consciously. He heard a patter of feet around them and spun around. He couldn't see anything in the dark. "Did you... did you hear that?"
He had checked in on Karpov, who was bunked on level A-2, but Karpov had had half of a bottle of vodka and was barely conscious, so the soldier had decided to carry on with his investigation of the omega.  This was not technically disobeying orders since Karpov hadn't told him he had to stop or that there was any sort of time limit on talking to the omega.
Tony knew very well that his father had searched for Steve after the plane went down.  Maybe he was searching for something else, too.
"The Mark V. I need to talk to the Mark V- connect us, connect our headsets, right now. Find Rhodey--"
"It's fine," said the man in the suit with a small smile.  "We have use for him. ...a very nice little slogan, Captain.  Less nauseatingly patriotic than is typical of you," he said, nodding to the wall.  "Unfortunately, not especially legally binding." He laughed a little, and turned to Bucky.  "Soldier. We need blood samples. Would you be so kind?"
When Tony asked him to kneel Steve's breath hitched a little. He nodded and moved over to the bedside. Before he moved onto the mattress Steve hung up his coat and toed off his shoes and socks.
She had saved the best (for Tony, the worst) for last.  On the last page was a photo of a naked Tony, age three or four, running through the living room of their house.
Steve helped Tony undress them both, humming contently when they were pressed together. Steve curled his arms around Tony's shoulders and pulled him closer, dragging his teeth lightly along Tony's jawline as the other's fingers grazed along his side and then back up to his throat. Steve shivered when Tony's fingers lingered there  and he remembered when Clint told him that some people like to be strangled. That there was always someone who was into 'anything and everything' nowadays.
"Erika from Natick?" asked Tony in confusion; he worked closely with Natick on the development of fire-retardant fabrics.
Steve slouched onto the bed with his sketchbook, his back against Tony's chest, his pad balanced on his left knee.  Tony set his diagrams on his right knee, his phone beside him on the bed; while Steve began doodling, Tony annotating his diagrams, scribbling crammed equations into the margins, his attention only half on the television, which was some British drama show that had a stunning woman involved in a love triangle with two men who were both Alphas.
"Psst.  Hey."  Someone tapped Steve's shoulder; Steve's face lit up when he saw Sam. The man meant a lot to him. He was the only other real soldier on his team, and that in itself meant a lot. Sometimes he still missed the Howling Commando days. He moved up on the bench so Sam could sit down too, their shoulders nudging together.
And he resented that he wasn't choosing this.  He would have liked to have had a choice in the matter.  Not that he
Steve's gaze dragged between DeSoto and his Apha. Then back to the omega. He looked desperately like he wanted to say something but didn't. Steve moved to go with Tony and it was like the whole room relaxed again, the tension ebbing away as the situation broke down.
Vim and Vigor clung to each other harder, as if convinced they might be separated.  Sera's 'Alpha' moved in front of him protectively, his expression one of determined bravery, even though the lobby was swarming with police and medics and students and staff, and a lot of people were taking pictures.
"You know, if you really care about her, you should be happy for her Tony," Steve pointed out softly. "That's what my ma always used to say. Love is about sacrifices." Steve hadn't understood it at the time, not really. But he had understood the old photograph of his father on the mantelpiece. He'd been a man who went to war who'd never truly returned. It had been a hard separation and a harder death. Sarah Rogers had never really ever talked about it.
"He has his instructions.  But if he fails his objective then it's fine.  We'll still have learned something."
guy to go so I--" He pinched the bridge of his nose. "A little birdie told me that a certain omega who looks like a certain captain might be back on the market."
"And the job comes with a lot of perks," Natasha said, biting on her bottom lip slowly, eyes bright with mischief.
Natasha hinted to it a few times, but they didn't talk about their past much and neither of them pried much either. They were people of the present (or Steve, at least, tried to be). Nat didn't ask about the forties, Steve didn't ask about the KGB.
Steve watched Donner go, absolutely horrified as the omega practically skipped out of the door. It probably would be Gideon's; all the others were too... recent. What Steve couldn't understand was that instead of feeling violated or confused, Donner was
Tony listened to Steve's words wash over him, a soothing balm, while he fought with the cap of the liquor bottle. It took him a moment to realize Steve wasn't talking anymore.  Tony fought to go back, struggled to remember what Steve had said to respond to it.  "I know what it's like," he said finally.  A confused pause.  Tony realized Steve might think he meant heats.  "Drowning in icy water," he clarified.  Tony had never told anyone about that.  Not in detail.  No one needed to know what those three months had been like.  Ninety-six days to build the very first suit.  Ninety-six days of hunger, sleep deprivation, rape, torture.  By the time Tony had left the cave, he'd been fearless.  Death had seemed like a preferable option to remaining there.  That had been two years ago.  Tony still sometimes had nightmares.
Tony feigned a look of shock.  "My God, you're right!  I guess that simulation really messed with my head more than I realized.  You'd better drive, Stevie."  He pulled away, looking entirely unruffled.
He caught a glimpse of Steve's neck and felt a flutter of worry.  He'd bitten in deep. He hadn't even realized how much damage he was doing; it was instinct.  Did omegas like that? He reached up to ruffle the hair on the back of his own neck; it had spiked a little when Gleason had touched him there.  It was weird how different their instincts were. The way Steve had arched into Tony automatically, eager, when Tony bit down...
Steve walked over to the tank, holding Tony's suspicious gaze as he moved to open the tank in one go. He sighed. He already knew this wouldn't go down well. But Tony knew who he was bonded to: a
"Thanks. I'll be in touch," Steve told Rex quietly. "You have a good night, Rex." He nodded and offered Steve a small smile. Then Steve stood and reluctantly left as the omega turned back to his book, knowing the conversation was over.
bonded to Gideon Malick. We have to find him, George.  This is-- this could be really bad," he breathed, voice grave. A few heads were turning in the office, especially after Tony and George's shouting. George nodded.
Across the room, one of the robots whirred and clicked a few times with excitement at the recognition of its name.
Mixed signals.  Steve had gone into heat for him.  His body had practically been crying for Tony's; the vibes Tony had gotten were clear; Steve wanted him, Steve needed him, Steve was desperate to give himself to Tony.  But then again, Steve had locked himself away for his heat; Steve had actively, consciously not wanted to mate with him; and he hadn't let Tony lick him,
He couldn't imagine the pain. He thought he'd lost a bond once with Bucky and he'd been wrong. Steve had no idea what he was going through.  His and Bucky's bond had only been hibernating, but it had been there.  He'd been able to feel it, even if he hadn't realized it.  Bond severance was not something he could relate to.
The docent gave him an indulgent smile.  "It's not something we regulate in private.  It's simply illegal to buy or wear one in public."
He found himself biting Steve's neck, but they were facing each other so he couldn't get to the gland, to his mark; instead he was just mouthing any skin he could find, leaving bruises and teeth marks on Steve's ivory flesh, his hand still working Steve's length, Steve's body twitching into it beneath him.
"Jarv, any news?" he called, sitting back and rubbing his eyes.  In front of him was a boot, cracked open to reveal a series of pistons and wires.  Tony was holding a sautering iron. This was only a prototype, not one he planned to wear, but one he needed to make sure fit with another piece.
"The whole point, Steve, is that... there's a life after all the fighting and campaigning.  There's something more than politics and policies and all that. Sometimes you have to just be human," said Clint.  "Me and Nat, we've done a hell of a lot over the years. But this... I'm proudest of this. This--" He gestured to the farm.  "--isn't about Alphas or omegas or governments or agencies. This is just about people who love each other. And I guess ultimately that's why I do what I do.  It's the right thing. I want a better world for my kids. Y'know?" He lapsed into silence, sipping his cocoa.
"You're awake.  Hey.  How are you doing?" asked Pepper gently.  Tony stared right through her without answering.  "Tony?"  Pepper reached out tentatively and tried to get him to look at her.  "...Tony?"
Tony had some firsthand experience with the sensation of being trapped.  In Afghanistan, for a little over a week, he had been hooked up to a car battery.  The thing had weighed probably thirty-five or forty pounds and the wires trailing from his chest had been a literal life-line.  He had carried that fucking battery around like some sort of grotesque lunch pail. When he was being dragged around by his captors, he'd clung it tightly to his chest, terrified it might be yanked away and that he would die an agonizing death.  Anytime the wires got accidentally snagged on anything and tugged, aside from the sharp physical pain to his ruined chest, he'd suffered a mild anxiety attack, convinced he was imminently about to die.
The deluge of new information and emotions was exhausting.  He pressed closer to Steve. Sleep did seem like an appealing option.  He closed his eyes, still snuffling miserably, heart pounding. His fucking arm was missing, his fucking omega had some other guy's mark on him...
"We went to the beach," Steve said simply and walked past everyone in the kitchen: Pepper, Mac, Clint and Natasha. He headed upstairs towards the main bathroom, gently settling Tony down on a bench before he went to run the water hot.
Steve's neck felt wrong and tasted wrong, but there was still a hint of his ownership.  And it was still Steve.
"Cool.  Make up some lie for them and Steve'll be down in thirty or forty minutes," said Tony.  He reached behind Steve's neck to stroke the ridges of the scar. His mark. He ignored the bits that weren't his.  "...you know..." he said slowly. "...you know, Eric makes collars... I bet he could find a way to customize mine so it didn't fuck up my hackles so bad.  ...y'know, in case we go to any more conferences." He stifled a yawn. "I'm gonna pass out now... just roll me off of you when my knot's down. Have fun with the shrinks," he said, resting his head onto Steve's shoulder.  As usual, the height difference was noticeable, but Tony found he didn't care much at the moment.
Tony glanced at himself in the mirror.  His shirt was dirty and splattered with blood.  "...the media's really gonna lose it now.  God, their heads are gonna explode," he sighed.  "Well... this can't really get crazier, huh?  Come on, let's go steal some cheese cubes."
"I swear to God, Tony... hurry up and get it out of your system... we're supposed to be at the function in less than an hour and as Steve's mate, you really need to sober up fast so that you don't embarrass him."
"I know. I'm bad, I know. I just-- in my head Bucky always wanted women over me. And Pepper's amazing. She's so great. And I just...sometimes I don't understand how can even compete with that." She was exactly the sort of woman Bucky would bring back to the apartment: fiery, and not afraid to take charge.
She checked her watch.  "My shift ends in about twenty minutes.  There's a Starbucks across the street. How's that?"
But that could also just be paranoia, or shell-shock.  Steve knew all about shell-shock.  Or PTSD, as it was now called.  He might just be getting worked up over nothing.
The fight was over before it began.  None of the guards had stood a chance.  Natasha was dragging along her prisoner (no, Tony corrected himself: "subject"), and Sam was changing out the magazine of his gun, and they were rushing toward the stairs while red emergency lights flashed along the long, low-ceilinged hallway.
He stumbled away, putting the motel behind him, directionless, as if he could outrun his own fractured memories.  The thin spiral notebook under his arm felt heavier than he remembered.
He cupped his Alpha's cheeks and pressed their foreheads together. Steve slowed his breath down to try and get Tony to copy it. He squeezed the back of his neck softly, trying to get Tony's dark and confused gaze to focus on his own.
Steve sank down onto the bed and slowly undressed. Then, once down to his boxers, he helped Tony get out of his shirt. "Maybe we should spar sometime. I could teach you some new moves," he tried to joke before dropping back onto the mattress. Steve just wanted to sleep.
"No thanks," said Tony, standing on his tip-toes to look past her.  The living room was infested in flowers.  "Pepper, about all these stupid flowers.  Steve wants to start a charity.  Can you make that happen?  It's for omega rights, um, a legal omega defense fund and also for omega terminations, if they need it--"
They got back around eightish. More waffles had clearly been passed around and a few showers had been had. Donner was still practically glowing... but it was only a matter of time before Gideon tried to call him. That made Steve nervous.
He could see Clint in him. He could see it immediately. Except he looked naked and afraid and ready to throw the cup that had supposedly come with the plate.
Banksy and Donner came out from the bathroom with their arms still linked after only thirty minutes, with Gleason trailing behind.  Banksy was keeping up a steady stream of friendly chatter and Tony was inexplicably reminded of Piper and her friends. Donner was hanging on every word with fascination.
"If you're so jealous why didn't you just step in and hit on me yourself?" asked Tony.  "...I love it when you come on to me, Steve. If you want attention, all you have to do is ask.  And there's nothing between me and Ji-Yoo anymore. She's seeing some big actor guy now.  Terrance Frost or Vin Diesel or who knows.  One of the guys from
?  Worse, it was embarrassing to know that Phil knew and, by extension, probably a dozen SHIELD agents.  In Steve's time, heats had been a private thing.  He was at least grateful for the privacy of the small cabin in the back of the plane.  Pepper had agreed to distract Tony.
Karpov's hand froze mid-slap.  For a moment he didn't move.  Then his hand finished its arc, slowly, and fell onto his cheek.  Karpov patted him, and turned and looked at the others.
It fell quiet for a moment and the news was still on. One man spoke quietly in the background. "-no one would want an omega like that. Captain America is practically feral."
"Pepper printed our itinerary but the only thing I really wanna do is go see the locks exhibit at the British museum," said Tony.  There was a big exhibit on locks and Tony liked locks, felt like he might find some inspiration there for the suit, which he was going to go without for the next ten days.  Tony rarely unplugged completely but for Steve... well, he was a sucker.
Tony thought about the train.  The memory of the icy sting of snow on his face.  The feeling of vertigo.  The smell of metal and smoke.
The house was a disaster.  The entire front room was a mass of rubble and broken glass.  Several partygoers were still there, passed out drunk in dusty, rumpled clothes that probably cost thousands of dollars.
There was some rustling on the end of Natasha's line as she got herself comfortable on a sofa. "So it's all going well for you two? You enjoying your honeymoon? You guys
Rumlow put a hand on Steve's arm, perhaps trying to be comforting, then repeated, "Give me your phone, I'll try again."
Tony was, in his own way, something of a homebody.  He liked people, and parties, but he preferred when the parties were at his house and he could nip down to the lab if an idea struck him.  In college, he had probably spent more time in the robotics lab than his dorm.
The rest of the flight consisted of painfully long, stretched-out hours of holding Tony down and more of Steve pawing at the door and more thuds as he kept climbing across the cabin in desperate attempts to escape. When they were finally touching down Pepper and Happy had a plan. Pepper would get Tony back to his estate and Happy would get Steve back to his apartment and ensure everything was secure there. "Feels good to be a beta," said Happy glibly.
"You fought Nazis? Dude. That's so cool." Lola said 'dude' a lot and was drinking through pints of pineapple juice. Apparently the waiter put shots of vodka in the glasses for her because she'd gotten with him once in high school; they went way back and, according to Lola, might have gotten married if she hadn't ended up bonded.  Lola was in denim shorts and a plaid shirt and seemed the epitome of laid back.
"I'll sign," said Tony, casting a look around his front steps.  There were dozens more orchids.  He scrawled a signature on a piece of paper ("MARIAH CAREY" - Tony only ever signed his actual name on important paperwork and photos of himself) and took the two orchids and the tulips.  "Steve, I'm gonna need help!" he called, leaving the door open and hauling in the flowers.  "There's, like, probably thirty or forty more fucking orchids on our porch, it's starting to look like the Amazon out there, help me bring them in.  Here, these three are all for you, apparently..."
.  This went beyond attraction.  This was hundreds of thousands of years of evolution, instinct; an ancient, primal knowledge.
Tony looked back down at Steve; they locked eyes.  Tony smiled at him. "I fuckin' love you, Steve, you all-American, star-spangled army puke, you," said Tony, cupping Steve's cheek in his hand.  He stoked the skin with his thumb, feeling a strange sense of tenderness. Tony was rarely one for gooey moments but this moment was definitionally already pretty gooey.
"No, once again, you're not in trouble.  You're a very good omega," said Tony. His patience was wearing thinner and thinner.
Tony felt a tiny little chill, then dismissed it.  He was always worried about his mate; being pair-bonded meant he, as the Alpha, was constantly getting over-protective.
Well, he was sure as hell awake now.  Steve was probably making breakfast.  Tony was starving.  He crawled to the edge of the bed and found his jeans, pulling out his phone.  Notifications: 100+.  Not surprising, considering what had happened in Monaco and at his birthday.  He went to delete them, but before he could, a new call came through.
"...you look great," said Tony.  He came up behind Steve, who was trying to get his hair was getting overly fluffy, as it tended to do.  Tony pulled his fingers through his own hair, slicking it back, and popped on a pair of sunglasses, nodding at himself approvingly.
"Man, you've been like a ghost, I've been trying to get ahold of you for over a week.  You forget about me or something?  I heard you were on base today and thought we could catch up."
, Steve thought back. He didn't say it out loud, he didn't have to. His body language spoke volumes.
He was far more interested in Steve, who was, frustratingly, clothed.  As was Tony. He didn't remember how he'd gotten into bed or why he and Steve were both still clothed.  He kicked weakly, intent on shucking off his own sweatpants and mating the hell out of Steve.
Barb looked like a mild sort of woman. Steve could imagine her being a good counselor. She walked with her hands clasped in front of her and wore a soft, navy blue sweater. She smiled at Steve warmly. They were all smiling at him. He guessed he really was kind of a celebrity around here. "The rest of them are very excited to meet you, Captain. They all think you're very brave."
"Fuck," whispered Steve when he felt Bucky's arousal beneath his hand. It was something forbidden, something he'd always longed for... and definitely bigger than he'd ever taken, considering both Tony and instruments before.
After another half an hour of whimpering and whining and squirming in Tony's hold in confusion, arousal, and discomfort, Steve managed to sleep. The exhaustion over took him and he passed out in Tony's arms, head tucked against the cool crook of the suit's shoulder. It was surprisingly comfortable and the padding in Steve's armor certainly helped.
"It's a black comedy, Captain.  English, running from 1983 to 1989.  Would you like me to call it up on screen?"
That made Lydia blink.  "...certainly," she said.  The elevator pinged for their floor (the second to the top) and they stepped out.  Almost immediately an omega was offering Tony a glass of scotch; Tony took it gratefully.  The omega glanced shyly at Steve. She was young, with dirty blond hair pulled into an elegant braid.  And she was wearing a heavy silver collar with what Steve suspected were several hundred thousand dollars' worth of rubies set into it.
"Tony?" questioned Pepper, watching him move back and forth in the middle of the cabin, a slow waltz with himself.
Steve's heat hit earlier than expected, at the beginning of December. He'd gone to yoga with Aria and then headed out to the shops to grab a few things. Despite not needing to, Steve still liked the simple act of shopping and picking out his own groceries. He was determined to not let a computer do
"We're both sort of shitty at this, to be honest.  Yeah. Yeah, you should probably... check that out.  And maybe talk about your jealousy deal. I won't bring home any girls, Steve. I promise you that. But I wanna be able to flirt. I just like the attention of beautiful women... is that so bad?"  He paused. "...why would Bucky... do that? What did you do?" Tony couldn't imagine Steve, pre-serum, doing anything that would warrant punishment. He got the impression that the serum had given Steve the confidence he needed to be as uppity as he was.
Tony's chipper mood was leaking out of him like water through a hole in a bucket.  "So what if I don't make them anymore? They're still in the wrong hands. They're still out there, killing people."
Their food finally came, courtesy of their soft-spoken omega waiter.  He grinned a little at Steve. "Congratulations," he said, jerking his head toward Tony.  Tony tried not to look smug, even though it gave him a sense of pride... maybe there were lots of omegas, like Christine, who would never forgive him for the separation he and Steve had had back in January and February.  But maybe he wasn't completely a lost cause. He was trying his best, at least.
In the end they'd left Tony to his own devices to focus on Steve.  Being bonded was on par with being mated; they were currently operating under the assumption that Steve had probably been forcibly mated by the Winter Soldier.
Tony's eyes flicked up to meet Steve's.  For once, they weren't roaming all over his body.  "...thanks, Steve, but I got a lot to make up for. I treated you really bad.  And probably will again. As much as it pains me to admit it, I am not perfect.  ...it's kind of funny that I was so paranoid about you having another Alpha that I basically pushed you into a situation where you ended up..."
accept the apology; he was nobody.  One of the top ten smartest, top ten richest men in the world and he felt like the most submissive omega in the world.  He'd mated an already-bonded omega.  And he'd only gotten the mating ritual down on the second try.
"Well, most people are wrong," said Tony grouchily.  He reached up to rub the back of his neck, staring at the sticky note Steve had left him.  His handwriting was neat, far neater than Tony's.  Old-fashioned.  Tony touched the note, feeling affectionate.  Their first love letter.  Sort of.
But then... that name.  That name held meaning! It had sprung to his brain suddenly, without any warning, but the moment he thought it, he held onto it, turning it over and over.
, it was wild. Everything was disposable; no one fixed things anymore.  They just got new things.  And admittedly, it was all shockingly convenient, the one-time-use culture of the 21st century.
"We need to say where he was, though," said Tony.  He chewed his lip. "Banksy would probably lie for us.  Call Banksy, and Ty. Ask if they'll say Steve was with them.  It's easy to believe he wrecked the tracker and then went to hang out with some other omegas for support, right?"
One of the failures of television was that scents couldn't be communicated.  On the surface everything was going great. But Tony could still sense a bit of tension between him and Steve.  And Danielle was radiating a certain kind of defensiveness that Tony didn't understand. He had heard of Status Alliance but knew no more about it than he did anything about, say, the Society for Creative Anachronism.
Tony slipped his arms around Steve's waist and nuzzled into his shoulder.  "But where ever my omega goes, I go," he added softly.  "Wanna take the bike?"
"We've got this- you know that, right?" Steve whispered and pressed a kiss to the side of Tony's neck as he felt the nervousness bubbling up in his mate's chest. He squeezed his hand back and then pulled away.  "Give me one sec."
the story broke so really, I got seven out of thirteen, which is still pretty good.  ...but you know, when a woman starts bragging that I slept with her, I always go along with it.  ...what I'm saying is, as much of a cad as I am, my reputation is definitely... inflated. And I wanna be able to flirt and stuff but... Steve... I wouldn't ever actually cheat on you."
Tony's stomach flopped.  Vanko couldn't possibly have friends, could he?  Who the hell would want to be friends with him?  Sure, he was smart; smart enough to have reversed engineered a palladium-core RT node.  But arc reactor aside, he was unstable, unhinged, dangerous.  Who would want to help that guy?
, okay. He got it. Piper, next to him, seemed to be getting a little embarrassed about all this talk of sex. Steve was finding it semi-interesting. Though he knew Tony didn't want children.
"That's a really good idea," Steve said as the woman came around with more cucumbers. She set the tray down bedside them and left. Steve stole a glance at her and waited until she wasn't looking to eat several.
