He couldn't breathe, had to fight off a ripple of panic at the thought that there wasn't enough air in this place. Dark, everything was so fucking dark. He should have been lost, but something drenched him in an impossible certainty about where to go, carried him forward like an invisible compass.
Unable to focus on the treeline coming ever closer in front of him, Jack looked back towards Sam another time, saw the hunter stop and turn to face the approaching demons head-on.
"Dean," Castiel started and realized his mistake too late when Dean took several steps backwards, squinting in suspicion.
This was the exact spot where the leyline's pull ended. Holding out a hand, he could
"Fuck you, Chuck!" Dean hissed, then set his jaw and swallowed, no longer struggling against the force holding him in the air.
boots, of course. He'd never wear something so... lacking in finesse, if he had any choice. And the flannel, for all that was unholy! He hadn't even been able to get that nasty habit out of him during that stint as a demon.
"Yeah, he's really not all he's made out to be," Dean said with a mirthless chuckle.
"The damage a bomb of that magnitude could do would be considerable," Rowena mused. "Quite possibly enough to threaten the structural integrity of whatever plane of existence it exploded in."
Roderick gasped when his back hit the tree and the air was knocked out of him, but he recovered quickly enough to yell, "Jack?! What the everlasting HELL do you think you're doing?"
There was the slightest fluctuation in the energy floating around Jack's other hand at his side.
"Uh—did you just reject me as a vessel? Now that's a new one." Dean huffed out a breath and ran his hand through his hair. "I just... shit, I don't have a clue what you're saying and Jack is running out of time!"
The flames surrounding their bodies died down, but the pattern above remained strong. After realizing a majority of the room had now turned into a devil's trap, Jack and Dean no longer attempted to fight each enemy separately, instead just forcing their way through to Sam in a collaborative series of pushes and shoves. Upon finally reaching him, they both grabbed Sam's jacket and all three of them stumbled backwards together, crossing the line that marked the border of the trap above them.
The unspoken name hovered in the air between them, a looming shadow. Before Jack could think better of it, the question had already fallen from his lips, quiet like a secret, "What did you say to Cas?"
she said with an unhinged smile. "I do because nobody has ever done that before. I do because it meant you actually
"I heard the sounds of fighting and ran here as fast as I could," he stated, choosing the middle ground.
Dean thought, having given up on expecting a reply. The stroboscope glimmer of light from the wall continued, and the affected area was spreading slowly, evenly over whatever this realm's floor was. Dean really didn't need to be told not to let it touch him—or Cas.
By all accounts, Dean should be drinking himself into oblivion right now. But this, this was not it. Sam had never
Time itself seemed to slow down as Castiel's angelic perception connected the dots of the imminent catastrophe before it happened. He felt the rise of static energy in the air all through his celestial form while Dean rounded the car, passing the spot between the vehicle and the signpost that towered over the parking lot. He saw the lightning break through the clouds above and bolt down towards the sign.
"Come on, help me get Sam out of this cold to somewhere warmer." Dean grunted, hoisting the weight of the giant he had for a brother. The darkness looked the same everywhere, so he chose a direction at random. The field could only stretch so far either way. When he didn't hear any footsteps following, he asked, "Jack? You coming?"
to come back from. A place Dean could reach. He'd get him back. He'd do everything. He'd do anything. It was a law of the frigging universe that
"Yeah, I'm not so sure about that. I mean, this is
After using the rock to mark the tree with a small
The light buried itself deep into his chest and he heard screaming, probably his own.
a clear vision in my head after 15x18 on how it would continue in the last two episodes. There were just so many strands of plot and development for a multitude of characters that had been brought up over the last two seasons, and the way I saw it in my head, all of those strands were running into each other in a way that made too much
Seeing the trapped demons rampage against their confines without so much as a single noise was a strange experience in Jack's already hazy state. He had a second of advance warning, the hairs on his skin standing up, before a blast of pure rage shook the ground another time, originating from the hallway. The fiery lines of the devil's trap flickered, but remained intact. For now.
because there was a gentle swirl in Dean's chest and suddenly he could breathe more easily. He dared to face Sam again.
Dean picked up on it, chuckled at his own joke, soundless in the Empty but shaking their chest in the shared joy that flowed between them. Energized in ways that were foreign to him, Castiel's true voice felt reinforced when he called this time, shaping the name of his past friend in growing expectation. His voice merged with Dean's prayers, forming a beacon of hope in a place that was the antithesis to the same.
, listen to me," the voice implored, a ruptured whisper in the sudden quiet of the room. "I heard what he said, and he is mistaken. I may be dead, but you are
I've defended the throne for years, I can take one lousy lion cub!"
something.
He raised his head, blinking into the dense blanket of clouds above.
"But, Dean, this is God we're talking about. And he just snapped away humanity with nothing but a thought!"
"Ah, you know, I was just minding my own business when I came across abandoned luggage. First come, first served, finders keepers and all that. Et voilà, inside of that bag was this brilliant device that tends to come in pairs of two."
It reminded him that he, too, was carrying one of those. He fumbled about inside his backpack and discovered both the second flashlight and a candle. To conserve the few batteries they had, he chose the candle and placed it on a socket in the middle of the small table. The fact that no lighter was included in the supplies the backpack held stopped him dead in his tracks, though.
"Oh, please. Neither are you, darling, that much is clear. But that doesn't mean we can't work together."
"Will you finally let me open these things now?" she asked, letting her hands drop from his face, back to the straps holding him down.
Sam's even taller frame and the narrower cut of his suit jacket proved to be an obstacle, so he loosened his scarf instead to hold it in front of his face as a protective measure. Castiel wished desperately there was something he could do to help, but as had been the case far too often throughout his life, the situation was outside his control. He felt utterly powerless, especially without a vessel that would have allowed him to interact with the physical world in far more effective ways.
It felt rather undignified to be climbing out of that hole with his bare hands, but he was too miserably weakened to teleport. Then again, he'd been inside a rat, so maybe undignified had lost its meaning right there. Not even to speak of the things Lucifer had made him do. Unpleasant business, that. But he'd shown that putrescent excuse of an angel what it meant to make an enemy of him, had wiped the smug smile right out of a face so ugly not even The Grand Creator himself had been able to stand it.
something, that he was the one who had to fix it all, still burned insistently somewhere in the back of his mind.
Sam hesitated at the end of the passage, glancing back at the last torch they had passed. It was tempting to bring it, but without much cover to hide behind, it would glow like a beacon, visible at great distance for anyone attempting to chase them. He sighed and left the light behind to follow Rowena out into the drizzle of rain that fell from an unnatural sky. It kept the stone beneath their feet glinting in perpetual wetness.
"You're... not one of them then? Humans?"
Sam had found his footing just as fast as she had, but she could see how weakened he was in the way he was swaying until one of his hands met the cave wall for support. In what had to be the most obvious sign of her decreasing sanity as of yet, she positioned herself in front of Sam, squaring her shoulders. She was already dead. No longer a powerful witch, just the dead daughter of a tanner in a torn dress without shoes, with madness in her eyes and only a single thing left to lose in the world. Her gaze glued to the cave entrance, she felt Sam's hand on her upper arm, resisted the attempt to get pulled back towards the wall. From the corner of her eye, she saw him step right up next to her.
He lifted his hands in surrender. "Fine, I won't say
If Castiel had a vessel, he would have groaned. Had this song been specifically created to mock him? It certainly seemed so. After the miserable failure that had been his attempt of communication, the one thing he
with him. He just wasn't like them, never had been. She'd always understood that. Appreciated it, even.
"All right!" She abandoned her chair with a dramatic hand gesture. "There have been some minor... complications recently."
Trying to sort his thoughts was much harder now that there weren't any enemies to fight. They couldn't stay here, the cold would get to them sooner rather than later. This place left them entirely open and defenseless. And most importantly, Jack needed help, fast. He shook Sam by his shoulders, but was met with the same impenetrable silence as before. Taking stock of his options, he reached for the pocket of his jacket, but then remembered that the jacket was now wrapped around Jack, the weak protection it offered more symbolic than it was of actual use. Moving carefully, he put Sam down near the kid.
Every impure spirit.
"If you kill me, he's doomed," Roderick said quietly. The tone wasn't threatening, merely factual. "That bloody throne never mattered to you any more than it does to me, right? It's
him like this, not the way he had been in the dungeon with traces of dried tears all over his face, holding him and Jack like the world depended on it. Not the way he suddenly was with Jack in general. He could have considered a Shapeshifter, or some sort of divine trick, but deep down he felt this was truly
Words had left Jack entirely and the only thing at the forefront of his mind was to stop this
Dean narrowed his eyes in concentration, trying to figure out the exact meaning of this string of words. The moment he caught himself tilting his head slightly, a shiver of recognition ran over his skin. Shit. This was so far beyond... how had he never known? How had he never seen this? And why was everyone who was far more qualified for this conversation either unconscious or outright not here?
Dean, his Dean, took in the approach of their small group with a frown and a blink.
The way the combat had moved them, Jack was now the one standing closest to Rowena. A thick line of fire moved from her to him, surrounding him in flames that seemed to rise from his own skin without burning him. He gasped and the chair fell from his grip as he watched the outline of his hands become engulfed in flames. The fiery line proceeded to stretch not only between the two of them, but advanced quickly from himself to Dean. The hunter's movements froze only for a brief moment in reaction to the appearance of the flames, then he continued his efforts to break through the demons to the spot where they had last seen Sam.
"My interior design was clearly superior," Rowena whispered to him and he realized they were back in the chamber where Jack and Dean had slept while Sam and Rowena had been doing research on the Empty in what now felt like a different lifetime. Only that the furniture looked entirely different now, even though the general arrangement was similar. He tried hard not to linger on the memory, not to allow his mind to summon the faces of the people whose loss he'd be unable to cope with.
"No!" Jack pressed out past a lump in his throat, shaking his head in denial even as his legs kept running.
"Not a demon," Sam said, finally sitting down in the passenger seat and closing the door on his side. "And not a Shapeshifter," he continued, taking back his tie pin before fastening his seatbelt. "But Dean, you're acting exceedingly strange! Since when do you know how to
"If I had any better explanation, I'd give it to you, Sam. But I swear it was right there on the floor, just under the shelf, ripe for the picking."
"Oh, trust me, we do get tired—of everything. If there's any place that can suck your will to live right out of you, it's Hell. But we don't sleep."
have done next, what any sane person would have done, would have been covering his own eyes. Instead, running entirely on instinct now, he let his arm sink down to his side. He really had gone crazy somewhere along the way, hadn't he? Lost his damn mind.
Another tremble made them all stumble to the nearest wall.
"That's my fault, actually," Jack admitted, looking down. "Sorry if we were too loud. Dean wanted to know more about Enochian, so I told him about some things Cas taught me."
And neither should you! He tried to kill both of us!"
Dean released a quiet sigh into the darkness of the room and spent a long while staring at nothing before his eyes finally closed again and his breathing evened out. Castiel waited a little longer to ensure that Dean's sleep was sufficiently deep before he reached out with his grace.
"Fan-frigging-tastic." Dean rubbed over his temples. "And you didn't think to
Dean's frown deepened and he tilted his head in obvious confusion. His hand emerged from his jacket holding a dagger, but he let it sink to his side uselessly. "I—you—
Just the thought, though. Cas still
"Just... just making sure, man." Dean's hands left the steering wheel for a second in a placative gesture before grabbing it tightly. "We just need... something, you know?"
Sam looked down at their improvised 'board' now that all letters were finished, and added
ZORGE - friend
Dean reached for Sam's shoulder, turning him towards the dark-gray horizon at the other end of the field.
"Yeah," Sam sighed. "Hell isn't exactly listed at the top of any restaurant guides."
for?"
A confusing amount of images and sounds flashed through their mind. Rows of letters drawn into dirt, three voices chanting in unison, flames, the feeling of being drained of one's strength, a ray of purple light, a rumbling earthquake, the sickening sensation of gravity pulling them downwards towards an abyss, blackness. Castiel pressed a hand against their forehead, overwhelmed by the lack of a red thread that connected all of these seemingly random scenes.
"I hope that's you I hear trudging up here, Jack?"
to music, and enjoyed that a lot, but the thought to actually
Spots of black appeared in Jack's vision and he desperately sucked in air, trying to make sense of the voices around him.
"Whatever this is, we'll kill it," he said quietly, choked up for a reason he couldn't explain.
"Yeah, no, I know. Trust me, Samuel, I know."
The 'alive' part of that sentence had Sam frown in confusion. Said witch stood rigidly upright, chin lifted in defiance, but he could see beyond that by now. He sensed the spark of desperation behind the tense set of her shoulders, behind the way her brows were drawn together. Then her lips twitched. And that was the exact moment he realized she was
How a smile and a quip could mean
This was insane. All of it was insane. He was losing it, obviously. Crying more tears in a single day than he had in his whole damn life and nothing of it made any sense whatsoever.
He sat up in the bed, frowning into the darkness as his eyes adjusted. Quiet, regular breathing sounded from not far away and after a moment, he could discern the shape of Dean's body, laying on the ground with the stolen winter jacket as a pillow and the second blanket draped over him.
'Cas...'
He frantically tried to break free of Sam's hold when a sudden eruption of flames near the oily fissure blinded him, new tremors shaking the ground. The seam was tearing in further, with small crack-lines running sidewards through the air, still black at first, but turning into a fiery orange further away from the spell's original impact point.
The man chuckled.
"Sam, I need you to trust me on this one. Please."
. The experience of loss could be a powerful connector, just as the will to defy expectations was. He'd always felt that he
"Young Blood" by Audiomachine
Sam frowned and touched the ectoplasmic liquid on his cheeks.
"See? Proves my point."
Dean rolled his eyes with an incredulous shake of his head. "She was able to say
"Sammy?" he asked quietly. The silence following the question did not come as a surprise. His own breathing and the hum of energy from the rift behind him were the only sounds he could hear.
The chasm seemed to have stabilized by now, no more earth breaking away. Stepping closer to the edge, he felt a buzz all around him coming from the gap they had torn into reality, hovering directly above the wide abyss.
"Eh-see-ah-sah-kah-hoh, voo-peh-lee-ef voh-geh-gee pah-peh-noh-rah,"
The following chuckle made Sam's skin crawl and he tried to lift his head from the table, but found that he didn't even have enough strength for such a small action. His eyes were spilling over, so he closed them, listened to his captor in silence.
Blackness.
Dean watched Sam kneel to draw a circle and Celtic symbols onto the ground with a piece of charcoal, the urgency they all sensed visible in his movements. He sprinkled the drawn lines with a thick, silvery powder consisting of who-knew-what, added something green from one of the boxes, ignited the whole thing with a lighter and stood up in the middle of the flaming circle. Then he gave Dean a quick, indecipherable glance before he spoke the incantation in a loud and clear voice.
Flattened onion plants and upturned soil were speaking as clearly as an open book about the path they had dragged Sam along last night, but Jack didn't even need those obvious signs in the field to find his way back. The pull towards the spot where he had woken was still there, unchanged, as strong as before. He held out a hand, feeling the energy hum against his nerves like an homage to the way his own power had always coalesced before being released through his palm.
He parked Baby in the bunker's garage with a fluid motion and they all jumped out of the car and started running down the stairs to the library as if they were following the same unspoken command. The last time Sam had used a portal spell wasn't long ago, so they all still remembered the location of Sam's ingredient boxes well enough to break into a coordinated flurry, gathering everything in the library.
joke?
Even with the knife against his throat, Sam couldn't hold still. He trembled vehemently and felt a pinprick wound left behind by the tip of the blade. Without warning, the touch of steel against his skin disappeared and the demon flashed another one of those eerie smiles at him before turning on his heel. He stopped just short of the door, turned around to throw some last words Sam's way.
"Naomi?" he asked and waited tensely. "I'm not—not sure if you can hear me. Hell, I'm not even sure if you're still there at all. Chuck, he doesn't care about angels any more than he does about humans. He doesn't love anyone but himself. You know I'm right. If he hasn't already, he'll blast you out of existence along with everything else, without so much as a second thought. That's what he did in all the other universes. He said so himself, there was nothing left. He isn't going to spare Heaven, he never intended to. You were right back then, we're on the same side. Now it's us—anyone that's left—against him."
Moving as quietly as he could, he went over to the table where the contents of Sam's backpack were still spread out. The colors of his surroundings weren't as vibrant as they were in daylight, but what he could see sufficed to write a short letter on the notepad. The pen scratched over the paper as a chorus to the soft snores from behind.
faithful not in God, but in what was right. Not because God said so, not because anyone said so, but because it made the world a better place for everyone, angel and human alike.
"Once my soul crossed the threshold to Hell after being separated from my body, it abandoned any ties to Earth it still had. The portal magic is built upon those ties, woven around them. The only way out of Hell for an unbound soul is through an open Hellgate."
Sam risked a glance over to Rowena and found her deeply absorbed into her own thoughts. Her body language talked even if she did not, shoulders and head hanging in dejection. That, too, matched his own feelings. He swallowed and averted his gaze.
"...telling you, Samuel, something happened out there!"
Sam knelt in pretense surrender. His eyes met Rowena's and found no hope in them, no trace of her regular self-assurance.
"I wish I knew," Sam replied, risking a glance at Dean who seemed to have caught himself again and was looking back at the board with them. Dean shrugged. The pebble's movements became erratic, leaving the board entirely, and Sam could only assume that interacting with the material world so often in such a short time was taking its toll on Rowena.
Dean suddenly grabbed her by the shoulders with an intensity that let her take a step backwards, and Sam almost stumbled in a surprised attempt to hold him back.
"It wasn't me who made the deal." Jack swallowed and looked down to the table, tracing the flame's flickering shadow with his eyes. Thunder roared outside. "It was Cas."
Jack's heart hammered at the sight of his grandfather standing right where he himself had been just moments before. Frozen in terror, it took him several seconds to realize that he hadn't been noticed yet. Chuck was facing the other way, distracted by the rift in reality and locked in an argument with... himself. Eyes glued to the scene, Jack quietly retreated backwards until he was able to crouch down behind a shrub, whatever good that would do him in evading detection by God.
The demon didn't reply in words, but the part of his essence closest to Castiel's withdrew the slightest bit, leaving just enough room for his grace to wiggle through and reach Dean's soul in the mere shadow of a touch.
Sam gave him an odd look at that, and Dean's shoulders tensed when his brother didn't reply right away. It didn't exactly help matters that he could also feel the barely suppressed urgency of the being currently sharing his body and, apparently, his mind. He swallowed as doubt swirled through his stomach.
For good measure, he released another scream and looked down at his chest where his clothing had been ripped in multiple places. Widening one of the rips to reveal the unblemished skin around his tattoo was easy enough. The icy wind was a caress, a balm drifting over the red scratches all over his chest. His fingers closed around the angel blade he was carrying.
"Dean." Sam held out a small cloth bag. "Dean. We're not trapped. We didn't know what we'd find in Hell, so I brought the ingredients for the portal back to Earth." Jack heard Dean exhale in relief, but Rowena showed no reaction, gazing forward as numbly as Jack felt. Sam gave all of them a wan smile. "Would have been stupid not to, right?"
this time. The shift in the atmosphere between them was tangible as Dean sucked in a breath before asking, "Realms like the Empty?" Sam's hand moved to the
in its familiarity. For the fraction of a second, he had been tricked into presuming that this was him. The other Dean. The one that he'd been trying his hardest not to think about, lest he'd lose his mind in worry. There was nothing currently standing between that Dean and God, the all-father in all his capricious cruelty. With only Crowley at his side, Dean didn't stand a chance, and Castiel had to—he had to
Jack had thought it impossible that things could feel
"Run!" Sam told him and sounded strangely stifled, barely audible above the uproar around them.
He gasped, his first deep breath in minutes, taken more in surprise than anything else. Eyes were focused intensely on his. "
His hand resumed the movement, spelling out
The man was unexpectedly quiet and Jack used the time to take several other steadying breaths. He had to get himself back under control, didn't want a repeat of the shivering from before. When the voice finally spoke again, focusing on it helped.
Mentioning the name seemed to have been a mistake, as it made Dean's heart rate spike once more. Caught off guard, Dean didn't push the memory behind the wall fast enough to conceal it, and Castiel at last witnessed one of the things Dean kept shielding him from unnecessarily: A menacing cloud of demons rose into the sky and drew shadows over the heartbroken looks on Sam's and Jack's faces. Belatedly, he noticed that this time
"Yeah, I'm sure it will be a hit among demons."
A powerful surge of protectiveness made the decision for him, even though these humans
"You really had me worried there for a bit, man. Rowena said you'd be fine, but you were out cold for so long that I wasn't sure anymore if that was bullshit."
He really hadn't thought it was possible for anyone to score higher in the department of lousy parents than himself, but Jack could certainly claim that prize. If he had turned to his skunk of a father for help, Lucifer would make short work of the kid. Crowley would be damned if he let that happen.
He couldn't bear to hear the sound Jack made, couldn't meet Sam's gaze. Nothing was right, nothing was like it should be. He was hollow, empty.
The light was moving. It was growing bigger. It was a blinding contrast to the night sky, having Dean half-cover his face with his arm. His brain kicked in eventually and reminded him that Rowena had said all vessels had disappeared. Shit, he really hadn't thought that one through. The haunting memory of burned-out eye sockets at the forefront of his mind, he hurried to cover Sam's and Jack's eyes with jackets, even though he wasn't entirely sure it was needed in Jack's case. At least he could finally see what he was doing in the glow of the approaching light.
Holy fucking shit, what was he even doing here? What was this? Angels weren't like... this wasn't... this wasn't real.
It was true in every sense. They were really all that was left now, in an era that seemed to be placed beyond time, after the world had already ended. Just two people, stripped of all the things they had ever cared about, rediscovering what they were made of when everything else was gone.
He placed his hand flat on the ground, just below the two rows of letters, and felt the gentle prickle on his skin another time, a soft pull that directed his hand to hover over the
was all he managed to call out in their mind, a desperate plea from the core of his being to Crowley, right as Castiel disappeared in a blinding flash.
Jack actually looked relieved to hear this, while Dean rolled his eyes, though he didn't quite manage to hide his smile as he muttered, " 'Course you did."
"I wish I
Known that all orders had been nothing but random, that there was no plan, known that their loving father was nothing but a farce. Her purpose could have been renewed, she could have lent her strength to a cause truly worth it.
"Dean Henry, I swear, if you are planning to start that song again, I
A few beats passed in silence.
As Rowena concentrated on the fading devil's trap, Jack gave up on standing without support and leaned his full weight back against the table, squinting against the pain, wishing he hadn't tossed the chair aside earlier. The spell brought no visible change, the flames still declining steadily. "It's not working, it's the wrong domain! Hell's energy never strengthens. And this spell was never meant to withstand interference like this!"
"The one and only. Bit of a downer, really. Not quite as awe-inspiring as advertised."
"Which part of
It took her several seconds to ingest his words and the suddenness of the outburst that followed surprised Sam enough to flinch slightly.
Roderick busied himself by lifting his backpack onto his lap to sift through its contents. Without looking at Jack, he said quietly, "Cub, whatever you do, stay away from that bloody throne. It changes you."
this? Over."
Castiel permitted the flow of his true form into a condensed pillar of light, rising high up into the sky. And then he was pulled into this human body made of flesh and bone, too narrow in its confinement and yet a perfect fit. He held out a hand far enough to feel the rain against their skin, wondering where in this downpour to begin looking for the other Dean.
"Dean!" Jack called out and Dean ducked down, evading a blow that hit a bookshelf instead of his head. The whole thing came crashing down, burying the hunter beneath a hail of books and wood planks. Before any conscious decision could even run through Jack's mind, he had already positioned himself between the mound of books and the invaders.
"Dean Henry, do
"Moh-oh-oh-ah-hoh,"
"SAM!" he called out shakily as he got back to his feet, uncaring if the demons heard him. "ROWENA!"
sentence and that's the one she chose? Really?"
It was Sam's turn to sigh, but he didn't comment on Dean's obvious diversion tactic. "So you're saying what? That a banshee is fruitlessly attempting to kill us, but we're immune?"
"Okay." He could feel the puff of air against his neck as Jack breathed. "I wasn't very good in that fight, was I?"
"Start drawing, Sammy!"
"Uhm, sorry about that." Sam nodded towards the blade before putting it back into his jacket pocket.
This time, Castiel couldn't quell the reflex before his hand had already shot upwards. Gasping in shock, Dean evaded with a step backwards. Something in Castiel's chest stung at the show of distrust.
get out of the car right this instant."
Castiel's true voice sent an urgent 'Flee!' to the gathered crowd of still only half-sentient beings they had woken. Lethargic, but apparently close enough to the verge of being to have a sense of self-preservation, they began to move. Dean stooped down to the too-smooth floor, picked up rocks that had meanwhile appeared in a larger number without any of them noticing. He began to throw them in a frenzy of movement, but the physical objects bounced off the wall.
that's
Given everything that had happened in the past, Sam had never expected the wave of relief flooding him for spotting a random demon in Hell. But here they were, facing a scraggly, brown-haired guy with black eyes in one of Hell's hallways, and it meant they weren't alone. They weren't the last beings in existence. God had ignored a major player on the board. Possibility hung heavily in the air, or maybe that was just the stench of Hell.
"It. Wasn't. The car."
With a newfound fierceness, Dean pulled Jack close, pulled Sam close, held on to both of them and didn't let go. They clung to each other in silence, eyes closed, fingers clutching fabric like a lifeline.
After a quick exchange of glances to ensure Rowena had seen him, he entered the room. She slipped in only seconds later and quietly closed the door behind them. With their backs pressed against the wood planks the door consisted of, both of them inhaled deeply, trying to catch their breath.
a gateway to the fabric of the plane? What if we just tear down the wall?"
Sam held his arms out wide as a cyclone of black smoke whirled around his body and blew his hair into his eyes.
. His whole body tensed up, hands balled into fists. The touch vanished.
feared them."
"If there's anything I've learned," he murmured against the top of her head. "It's that evil and good are an illusion. You're no more evil than I am. I was prophesied to lead Hell's armies and bring nothing but destruction. I've seen no less than three supposed Antichrists—one of those
Of course, that opportunity hadn't come without a cost. A cost that—his fingers slipped on the rock they had been gripping as a full-body shiver went through him, blacking out his sight for a moment. No, no, not that. Not
"I... yes?" Jack sounded confused, but he was in good company with that. "I can't see as far as I usually can, but I do see the treeline the way we're going, and the house behind us." He could basically hear the frown on the boy's face. "You can't?"
Sam wasn't listening as Dean demanded an audience with Rowena, too caught up in pondering what it might mean that Chuck had left Hell untouched. As Dean had pointed out, Chuck was not omnipotent, no matter what religious texts claimed. But too many lies were woven into the myth to still tell what was true and what wasn't.
"Nice to meet you, Roderick. And I
Actions spoke louder than words. All she could hope to do now, after Castiel had met his final demise, was protecting that which he had treasured above all—protect it in his name, in the name of the world, in the name of all that was right. She had chosen to do exactly that, had grabbed the hope Dean Winchester had extended towards her and brought it to full bloom.
Castiel felt tears rise up in his eyes, Dean's eyes.
Invigorated, Castiel reclaimed Balthazar's fading essence from the Empty that had almost managed to suck the body of light back into the sea of unformed shapes inside the wall. The black veins yielded under the sudden push and disappeared for the time being. Dean resumed the praying, repeated the names like a mantra in their head.
"Awesome!" Dean whispered, and the earth tore open.
They each slung one of Sam's arms over their shoulders, carrying him in between them as they walked in silence for a time, with Dean trying to take over a bigger part of the weight. The progress was slow and the darkness was bothering him far more now than it had before, when they hadn't been moving. The ground was so soft that his boots were sinking in a bit with each step on the mulch, and he had to wade through the onion plants like some sort of weird grass. Without seeing shit, he found himself constantly stumbling. And even with Jack's help, Sam wasn't exactly easy to move.
A part of the wall in front of him began to flicker like a broken neon lamp before bursting open in an explosion of color and noise. He pressed both hands to his temples against the screeching in his head, but there was no way to stop it. It was hard to even squint through the onslaught of sensory impressions, but he realized the colors had to be angels.
. The thought electrified his body, sufficed to set it into motion on its own. He ran over a floor so smooth under his soles that it reminded him of marble. Keeping his balance at this speed without seeing anything took some getting used to, but the sheer energy pulsing through him kept him from stumbling.
Sam and Dean sank down to their knees and Sam took the charcoal out of the bag, drawing the circle and its first symbols with jerky movements. Jack stepped forwards to join them, but a pervasive twinge in his ribcage made him flinch and he retreated to his earlier spot on shaky legs.
Dean couldn't help the slight grin tugging at the corner of his mouth. "Glad to see you agree."
Then one of the demons was thrown off his chest and it took him a moment to realize that this hadn't been his own doing, but Sam's. The hunter and the demon were grappling on the floor near his feet and Jack remembered the blade he was holding. He tightened his grip on it and made another one of his attackers fizzle out of existence. The third one was still keeping him pressed to the floor, not giving him a chance to get back to his feet.
for this. Dean was in danger.
The look he got in reply didn't mean anything good.
"Sam, you have to drink this."
There was a long pause, as if the man on the other end was waiting for something, until the device in Jack's hands crackled back to life.
"Oh, the words weren't mine. They were Dean's."
, his mind supplied helpfully in a familiar voice and Sam had to suppress a groan.
he prayed silently without a conscious decision to do so, thoughts of the angel at the forefront of his mind now, given where he was headed. His throat still constricted at the memory of damaged wings and glowing eyes.
"You weren't bringing your A-game before, I see."
that Castiel had never meant to cause. It was highly unlikely he'd send another prayer. If only there was some sort of sign.
"It all went wrong. I couldn't fix anything and Death sent me to explode in the Empty instead. I made it all
"I just... just thought I had to sneeze and was looking for a tissue."
"I—I was misguided, it was a temporary lapse of judgment. Honestly, Samuel, I don't know what I
The terrible irony in it all was that she
," Rowena finished her earlier statement as if it had never been interrupted.
I'd like to dedicate this chapter to everyone who has shown me such exceptional kindness in the comments, gifting me the motivation to keep going.
Yet, nothing had been even remotely like this. The brick wall behind him and the concrete floor beneath him were sending a chill through his clothes, but the brunt of the cold seemed to come from within him. Loss had left a tear inside his chest he didn't know how to deal with, stinging, twisting. Making it hard to think, to breathe. Making him forget what warmth even felt like.
"Chuck, he doesn't care about angels any more than he does about humans. He doesn't love anyone but himself. You know I'm right."
"I don't know. The Empty didn't say—that was when Death pulled me back out."
The afterimage of hellfire was still burnt into his retinae, so he had trouble distinguishing the demonic wisps of black smoke that trailed out of the orange cracks against the backdrop of the gray sky. Piercing, inhuman noises heralded their movement through the air.
The sight of panic slowly growing on the hunter's face should have worried Jack more than it did. But somehow he felt detached from everything but the searing pain under his fingers.
"But... I was there," Jack said. He picked up one of the quills from the table and let his fingers run over the sides of the black feather, just so that his hands didn't feel so useless and idle. "Death must have used some kind of portal to send me there and bring me back again, right?"
Who on earth gave up invincibility for... what, even? She sighed, her hand pressed against the rough stone of the hallway as she peeked around the corner. The intersection was entirely abandoned. Like her common sense, apparently. There wasn't a single tangible thing that was her reward for all this. And yet...
Jack was stunned into silence, but his face must have spoken all the words he couldn't say, judging by the way Roderick squinted up at him.
"That boy, Lucifer's heir. We would have followed him, but he chose
The way she was speaking had a soothing effect. Ignoring all the things he'd locked away wasn't too hard, he'd been doing that for a while now. Listening to Rowena's voice made it easier, gave him something to fill the blank space left behind by everything he didn't allow himself to feel as a measure of self-preservation.
"I think so," he said. At least it was a little easier now to keep his eyes open, even if he did nothing more useful than stare outside through the cave exit. Silence fell over them, louder than the whisper of rain and the raging of thunder. Wearing that sodden and torn jacket didn't seem to do much to preserve his body heat, and the cold was seeping into his bones. It matched the way he felt, though.
you to," Rowena repeated flatly and Sam practically saw the gears turning in her head.
the energy of the other realm, so close. His other half, the one he'd thought lost. He could only hope that enough of it remained for the transition.
"Fuck," he sobbed into Sam's hair.
"Lock the door and close the window shutters while you're at it," Dean called after him without waiting for a reply. There was a box of long matches on the sill of the fireplace and a neat pile of wood next to it. He threw in some logs and kindling, and found a stack of old newspapers nearby in the dim light of the lantern. The lurid, huge print of hateful political headlines on the front page made him huff, wondering if it would have changed a thing for those people had they known they'd all be gone by now.
"And I sure as hell know that we'll never forgive ourselves for what we've done. But we can forgive each other."
There was a moment of silence between them as Dean considered these words.
He could
Jack didn't give Roderick any chance to complete that sentence and rushed him with renewed vigor. The demon tried to stab him on arrival, but Jack's heightened senses had also increased his reflexes and he could easily dodge the attack. Maybe his eyes had regained their golden glow, because the other man was now staring at his face with a caution that hadn't been there before.
A gunshot echoed over the bare-branched treetops. Jack winced in surprise.
"Keep trying," Jack urged, shaking Sam's arm softly in his excitement. "The spell
His eyes were drawn back to the blade in his hand. The metal was slowly warming under his touch.
What was a god anyway, considering all the information they had now? Why were Amara and Chuck equals, but with opposite domains? Why was it Light and Darkness? And why was Light currently trying to wipe out life itself while Darkness had been an ally to them before they had screwed that up?
He couldn't tell how far he'd followed the leyline's pull, wandering along the unseen border to another realm, when the trees around him grew lighter, a worn-out path on the ground and the occasional bench signs of nearby civilization. Then the trees opened up to make room for a clearing filled with sand.
"Very interesting. I'm
Dean halted, their breathing pattern disrupted by Castiel's action. Dean turned their head to look back over their shoulder, examining the distance they had brought between themselves and whatever it was that was currently consuming the Empty. Castiel swallowed.
"Not much," Sam sighed.
"If you can somehow use my soul or my body to channel your mojo to heal Jack, then just... do it. Please. You have my permission."
"That deal you mentioned," Roderick finally prodded. "What kind of trouble did Cas stir up this time? Soon as I'm gone, nobody is there to stop him from monumentally stupid decisions, eh?"
He scanned the room frantically for any sign of the others and was about to call Dean's name when he heard voices coming from an adjacent room. Something crunched under the soles of his shoes as he stood and Sam looked down. That something turned out to be small glass shards from a framed picture that had fallen off the wall. Not a nightmare then. It was hard to tell, sometimes.
"That's, uh—I'm just saying, that's an odd stance for someone who used to rule the place until two days ago."
So much for the distraction. Jack inhaled deeply and stared down at the device, this walkie-talkie, with his thumb hovering over the 'TALK' button. He braced himself for the feeling, but that didn't help. It overwhelmed him another time when grief dug its claws in deeply while Jack formed the words in his head that he'd never ever wanted to hear himself say.
Jack noticed only now how strikingly quiet the witch had been throughout the tremors, and how she avoided looking at either of them.
. I thought everyone was!"
He sat up and opened his eyes. There was nothing but empty space between the bed he was lying on and the nearby table Dean sat at, slumped over a book with his cheek resting against the pages and a blanket thrown over his shoulders. Castiel was not there. Of course he wasn't. The surge of despair in the face of his own helplessness was anticipated, but that didn't make it any easier to endure.
Sam recoiled, pulled at his bonds with hands wet in his own blood. "You're lying," he croaked out, his voice thin under his tears.
"That is the plan, yes. I can't guarantee that it'll work, and it would be much easier on Earth, but alas, a dark pit reeking of death and despair was more to our taste."
The word 'deal' alone sufficed to evoke the sensation of dread inside of Castiel, causing a shiver to run over their skin.
The moment Chuck reached his hiding spot, Jack thought this was how it would end. No saving the world. No last hope.
Sam was glad for the distraction of Jack's voice, latching onto it like a lifeline. "Dean was... stuck in the Veil, once," he explained. "Our only way to communicate was a Ouija board."
Rubbing a hand down his face, Dean sighed. Of all the things Castiel had observed so far, this was the moment that made him
"Impossible," she breathed, amazed and terrified at once. Her mind was fast enough to cover the things they had unearthed, hiding them quickly under the safety blanket of a joke—after digging too far, too close to the place of her deepest hurt. "The sound insulation around my mind is of the highest quality."
"No. Not my God. Just God."
Castiel was thankful for the fact that, no matter which other details differed, both Deans seemed to share their finely-tuned intuition.
to repent for so many things, so many angels she had wronged. Those who'd still found enough sanity and goodness in themselves, even after all this time, to question cruelty, those who deserved least of all to be punished.
Absurdly, the phone in his hand was his last threadbare connection to reality, feeling the vibrations tingle against the nerves of his fingers while numbly staring at the display. Even crying had been better, but his last tears had left him a while ago. The vibrations stopped again, sending him back into the swirl of ice and blackness in his mind.
"Dean, what are you
Part of the blame certainly lay in the fact how strangely unaffected both of them appeared by it all. Once they'd been freed from that inter-dimensional pocket in space, they had never looked to be in need of anything. On a deeply personal level, Castiel could empathize with losing everything they'd ever known to step into a new world where nothing was theirs.
in time with the bottle that shattered on the floor after sliding out of his hand.
And somehow, in what Castiel now suspected was the middle of another apocalypse, they had fallen back into a rhythm they both knew by heart. It was the comfort of home in a place so foreign, it couldn't be further from home for either of them. Mutual appreciation trickled through their mind and Castiel felt the corner of their mouth rise in a movement he had nothing to do with.
This, this was nothing like that. When the vast form of the angel in front of him dissolved, there was no fight for control this time. The stream of warmth advanced in a way that was gentle, hesitant as if expecting to be expelled in a heartbeat.
"If you make any attempt to stop us, I will send the both of you forth with a one-way ticket to the Empty," Rowena continued. "The weather there is just
"Yeah," Sam agreed quietly, not mentioning how the phones were probably the least of the problems currently on their plate. Sam couldn't spot anything else of interest and the stuffy, dark room gave him a vague feeling of discomfort he couldn't quite pinpoint, so he turned to leave. Sparse as the daylight was, it was still good to be back outside, even with the breeze biting into his face.
The shivers seemed to have grown worse, but Jack didn't know how to stop them. Strangely detached from his body, he couldn't even tell if he was too hot or too cold. He looked down to find that his hands were gradually becoming visible again, still more or less translucent against the backdrop of the forest floor. Devoid of any thoughts in his head, he sat in silence and watched his trembling fingers regain their opaqueness.
that's wrong in the world."
the angel thought at him.
Black tears started to trickle out of Sam's eyes. "You have
"I forgive you, too." The lightness in his chest was new, something he hadn't ever experienced before. He needed a moment to realize what it was. Pure, unadulterated happiness, rising above the loss and the despair. And suddenly he understood.
"Just because you drove in their car
"Samuel fell unconscious the moment I possessed him." Sam lifted his hands quickly. "Don't worry, it's only temporary. He will recover on his own."
be killed, Sam," Rowena whispered and turned for the shortest moment to give him a look filled with both fear and determination before focusing back on the cave entrance. "They were locked away in the deepest part of Hell for a reason. Lucifer feared them.
Entirely focused on the chance that Dean's sleep posed, Castiel was caught by surprise when Sam suddenly sat up in the other bed. The stealthiness of his movements was unexpected and Castiel wondered briefly if there was reason for worry as Sam sneaked over to Dean's bed and slid his hand into the pocket of Dean's jacket. With reflexes that only a life full of danger could bring, Dean caught Sam's wrist.
Sam blinked at the incongruously domestic sight in front of him. Dean and Jack were sitting at a kitchen table in what could only be described as a relaxed posture, with Jack smiling in between two spoonfuls of some cereal from a bowl in front of him. Still unable to trust the peaceful scene, Sam didn't stow his weapon, just let it sink down to his side as he asked into the room, "Dean?"
Nothing happened. He had no idea at what part of the prayer he had started fucking crying again. Maybe he had never stopped. Maybe Naomi was long gone. This was insane. All of it was insane. He was losing it, obviously. Crying more tears in a single day than he had in his whole damn life and nothing of it made any sense whatsoever. All the stuff getting thrown at him, constantly, must have finally managed to break something.
He'd have given anything in that moment to be reunited with at least one loved one, to feel the safety and comfort of an embrace.
"It's an angel."
help? There was nobody left but demons, angels, and Winchesters, who were apparently out of commission. Where would someone like Jack turn to for help? With the Earth as barren as a wasteland, that left only two possibilities—Heaven or Hell. Bloody brilliant. That meant facing either a God who seemed to have developed a hate for all things living or...
Sam counted that as approval.
"Why am I not surprised to hear that?" he asked, reaching out to tangle his fingers into her hair.
"No," he replied curtly as he spotted the origin of the light cone, a flashlight propped up against the trunk of a solid tree just a few steps ahead. The only sign of Roderick's presence was an elbow clad in a winter jacket sleeve, peeking out from behind the tree trunk. Jack circled around at a careful distance until he got an unobstructed view of the man he'd been talking to, standing there on the other side of the tree with one hand in his pocket, the other holding the walkie-talkie.
I... am not sure if this chapter broke the scale of crazy. It certainly felt like it did during writing. As always, I'd love to hear your thoughts. Your comments give me the energy to keep writing.
Sam's question carried a hint of annoyance, Castiel was sure of it, and he couldn't blame the hunter for that. He still doubted strongly that hiding the truth from Sam was the best course of action, but if there was any way to repay the trust this Dean had offered him blindly, it was by granting him that same trust.
"What?"
She could finally see everyone's lies for what they were, nothing but propaganda, starting in the very highest of places. Nothing was holy, never had been. God had never loved any of them. The only thing worth fighting for were the few who could still find it in them to be
followed by the
Feeling tears rise in his eyes, Jack was surprised again how easily his emotions could do a full turnaround in a matter of seconds, completely overwhelming him. He sensed Roderick's gaze on him, but was unable to look up, still fighting to get himself back under control.
"I don't—why 'Moose'?"
Not daring to lean out of his cover enough to have an unobstructed view of the entrance, he had to rely on his hearing alone. A single set of steps crossed the room, and, focused as Sam was on this one sense alone, he actually winced at the unexpected scraping of a chair over stone floor. He couldn't be sure who of them would be discovered first until the demon stepped into his line of view, back turned towards him, blocking his sight of Rowena.
Unbidden, the sickness-inducing memory of carrying far too many of the Purgatory souls ran through their head, his reflection in the mirror as they pushed against his abdomen from the inside.
The remains of the wood plank that had once been a shelf board clattered to the ground around him and a hand pulled him upright, steadying him. Despite the chaos around them, Dean gave him a worried once-over. Jack nodded in reply to the silent question. While Dean was now holding an angel blade of his own, Jack tried to spot where his had fallen, but it was impossible to see anything in the mess of fighting bodies. For lack of any better alternative, he grabbed the nearby wooden chair and tried to keep the demons away from Dean long enough for him to cut a way through to Sam.
"Bollocks!" he muttered, and let his eyes flash red just for the Hell of it before his head sank back to the ground.
How an insistent
"Well... no," Sam admitted. "Guess we're the exception to that statistic."
Castiel flinched, hastily pulled his grace back and withdrew into himself, away from everyone, away from Dean. Before he was able to set up walls to hide behind, Dean's soul reached out on its own, re-established the connection Castiel had dropped in his instinctual fight-or-flight response to the overwhelming shame and guilt. Dean's body became theirs again, the offering of a blank canvas to express himself on. He closed their eyes, huffed out a shaky exhale before he was able to face the truthful accusation.
Roderick blew out the match and pressed the box back into Jack's hand. Jack hesitated, then took one of the sticks and slid it against the rough side of the box. It was a strangely satisfying experience when the flame appeared for him. He heard Roderick huff somewhere behind him while Jack focused on moving the match to the candle. The flame sprang over to the wick, bestowing the room a warm, golden glow.
"H-hello?" he asked, his voice shaky under his tears. "I'm Jack."
was the only thought he could hold onto.
Something crumbled inside of him, tore at his insides in a way the knife never could. Everything he'd kept so carefully contained these last few days broke free. A wail grew deep inside his chest, violently escaped when steel met flesh another time. His vision went blurry to thoughts of Eileen. He could barely see the smile on the face of the demon who cut into his shoulder.
Dean turned to look at his brother who was sitting upright on his bed. Before, the motel room had been too dark to see much. Now, however, he could make out every detail of the way Sam's eyebrows lifted, the two deep wrinkles the movement left on his forehead.
Eternal fire, I evoke you!
Brief suicidal thoughts by one character (but he definitely chooses life).
Dean took a few deep breaths, regaining his composure enough to continue. "Here's the thing. None of you deserve that crap. Yes, we've all done horrible stuff. You, me, Sam, C...—we all have. And we all wish we could just take it back, undo it somehow, but we can't. And I sure as hell know that we'll never forgive ourselves for what we've done. But we can forgive each other. That's what family is for. And Jack, you always have been family.
Dean lingered inside, his hands clinging to the steering wheel in a white-knuckled grasp. He frowned at the speakers, then shook his head. When Castiel watched him remove one of his hands from the steering wheel to touch the stereo's display instead, it felt like a breakthrough. "I don't think you're trying to kill us," the hunter said quietly to the car's interior.
"Or did you just want to throw rocks at Sam to see his annoyed face?" Dean teased.
don't keep playing that song all day tomorrow."
towards the one with the
"Indestructible" by Twelve Titans Music
In unspoken agreement, they detached themselves from the door and sneaked deeper into the room. The footsteps on the other side sounded closer, had almost reached the entrance, so Sam hastily sought cover behind the stone archway separating the two halves of the room. He checked to spot Rowena pressed against the wall behind one of the shelves and they held eye contact when their doorknob turned and the door opened inward.
Rowena gave him an indecipherable look, then went to work on the fetter at his other arm. Once that fell off, he took the first chance he had to sit up, glad to lose contact with the table under his back. His breathing was still ragged, skirting precariously along the edges of his breakdown. Rowena placed a hand on his unbloodied shoulder and her lips moved in a forlorn way, as if they had forgotten how to form a smile.
At the sound of footsteps approaching, she quickly pressed her—extremely slender and graceful, if she may say so—body against the wall behind a pillar. It was fascinating how fast Hell adapted to the wishes of its ruler, how the location itself was shaped by pure willpower alone. There hadn't been any pillars in this hallway under her rule. A breathless moment ticked by and she was all too aware of the fact that she didn't even carry a weapon and that her magic was weakened greatly, first by dying, then by losing control over the throne and the access to the raw, fiery power that came with it.
It was growing. It spread throughout his whole being like wildfire, lit him up from inside.
Sam hadn't been outside since before their venture into Hell, but according to Dean, the cold was extreme. They managed to find gloves, scarves, and warm jackets for each of them to wear, even if not quite the right size. Packing one backpack per person with some basic supplies seemed like the best thing to do under these circumstances, without a clue how far away from anything they were. Going through the drawers and cabinets, Sam discovered two flashlights, batteries, matches, and candles.
Mood song for this chapter:
A breathless moment ticked by and Jack saw the muscles in Dean's body tense in preparation for a jump. Every fiber of Jack's being demanded to swap places with the hunter. It should be him, not Dean, taking this risk. Jack had been to the Empty before, had escaped it before. He was part angelic, made to exist in that realm that wasn't meant for humans, that might as well evaporate any human who dared set foot into it for all they knew. It should be Jack. He was the reason Castiel had taken the deal in the first place, he was to blame for everything that had happened afterwards. Dean had already lost far too much because of him. It should be him.
"Screw you, all of you! You hear me?" Sam yelled over the noise and threw his head back in bitter laughter, even as a gash appeared across his cheek.
Sam was fighting a doomed battle against the memory of utter despair, watching Dean slowly drift away from life in a hospital bed. How completely powerless Sam had felt then, more so with every minute that had ticked by without being able to
He swallowed, and in lieu of any other gesture, grabbed her free hand to pull her back out into the hallway. They ran, and the alarm reverberated in his bones, impossible to ignore. On the upside, it was loud enough to conceal the clicks of Rowena's shoes against the stone floor, but not the nearby shouts for their blood. She took the lead, directing him towards the intersection in front of the throne room gate and to the left.
"Are we sure it's everywhere, not just here?"
Sam held his arms out wide as a cyclone of black smoke whirled around his body and blew his hair into his eyes. When the smoke started tearing into his skin, insanely enough, he felt like laughing. He gritted his teeth as his mind snapped into sharp focus. The fools didn't know that he had learned to turn physical pain into an ally years ago, that his resolve was feeding on it, using it like an anchor. They couldn't end him, not like this. His soul had been mangled and reforged in Hell.
Names were lost to him, but there was still recognition of the feelings attached to each of the faces in his mind.
screwed up. "You won't," Jack blurted out in full conviction before he even knew what he was saying, frowned and then covered his own nerves with a thin smile as Sam's gaze snapped over to him. Something in Sam's eyes softened.
they would bring him to the torture chambers. After all, that was what Hell did, aye?
Even with the new hope that Dean would be returned to him, Jack had felt unable to stay in the proximity of that field that had claimed everyone he loved, torn them away all at once like it was nothing. He braced himself for getting called out on what a stupid decision this had been, made for no other reason than sentimentality, but to his surprise, Roderick remained silent.
The Michael from their universe hadn't seemed like a threat. But then again, it wouldn't be the first time for Sam to be sorely mistaken when he dared assume the motivations driving an angel or demon. Raising the blade higher, he felt his heart rate spike as he stepped around the corner into the next room. Dean speaking Enochian could only mean...
"Guess that leaves just you and me then, eh, Jack?"
that?" Sam whispered with an undercurrent of dread.
"Run!" Sam told him and sounded strangely stifled, barely audible above the uproar around them. Jack's mind still hadn't caught up and it was hard to get a single clear thought to break through the haze, but his legs started moving on their own, encouraged by Sam's urgent pull at his arm. The weakness from before was still there, dragging at his legs like quicksand.
The image of a smirking Crowley appeared in their mind and that certainly couldn't come from Castiel.
He'd gotten so absorbed in his thoughts that the sudden sound of the voice made him inhale sharply.
He didn't prod
In hindsight, Jack wondered how he could ever have thought that the explosion in the Empty had turned him entirely human. Even without powers, it should have been so obvious. But the eternal struggle of his two halves had always been far too confusing to make out clearly what stemmed from which side. That line was blurrier now than it had ever been before.
"But Dad bought me a new one! A
But first, Dean had to get them out of this mess, and that required nothing less than a miracle. He shuddered, sucking in the cold air and kneeling up straighter at a sudden thought. Maybe he had been looking for a miracle in the wrong places. This was a long shot, he knew. One that had the potential of making everything so much worse, to bring Chuck down on them right then and there. He had to believe that survival instinct would win over blind devotion.
For once, Dean didn't have a chance to overrule Castiel's statement because something disturbed the black mass of the wall in front of them. They waited as it pushed against the membrane from the inside, but it didn't manage to break through.
he thought at the smoke.
"But the—"
Canon-typical violence and torture
"Essence."
If only he could manage to forget himself, to forget every pivotal point in his life that had led down the road to who he was now, this torturous cycle might come to an end. There would be nothing left of him to torment with regret over regret, with one bad decision cascading into a landslide of destruction. He craved oblivion. Perhaps that was the essence of the Empty.
"Yes?"
"What do you mean, you're not coming?!"
"Holy crap," Dean murmured as the unburning flames they had seen in Hell the day before
As had to be expected, the black tendrils appeared and tried to reclaim what they had stolen, cut into Balthazar right alongside the strand of Castiel's grace that was hovering near the fringe of the body of violet light. What he hadn't expected was the way his grace was suddenly no longer rejected. His friend of past times grasped for it, clung to it as the tendrils sent violent shivers through his being.
to be incompatible with humans. But they'd passed the point of no return a while ago, the second when steely resolve had frozen over Dean's eyes in Hell's throne room. Sam didn't know why he hadn't just refused to cast that spell, why he'd allowed a delusional hope to grab him. He should have known better.
"Bloody
Sam recited with a shaking voice as they ran through the field towards the distant treeline. With a glance back over his shoulder, Jack saw countless smoke trails following them not far behind, darkening the sky like an enormous storm cloud. He experienced a moment of unbridled panic and something deep inside of him, nestled at the core of his being, suddenly opened up, allowing him to tap a hidden reserve of physical strength he hadn't known he possessed.
"I don't understand."
for Crowley:
Sam's lips parted at the mention of Jack, but to say what, he wasn't sure. The demon laughed when Sam finally blinked his eyes open again to face him, drew out the silence in obvious enjoyment.
He barely had any strength left, and even the most basic interactions with the physical world without a vessel took their toll on him. But he had to try. Focusing on the car's audio system once more, he combed through the data until he found what he was looking for. The speakers came back to life for a sequence of only two words, taken from separate songs with entirely different singers.
"You have
felt icy. It was too much. Jack couldn't, he just couldn't...
Dean's breath hitch, feel the muscles in their shoulders tense and a swallow run down their throat like lead. For the first time, the link they shared made him uncomfortable. He wished Dean hadn't seen that image, didn't want them reminded of a divide between them that Castiel back then had been hopeless to bridge ever again.
He'd insisted that it was, though, in that way he had to hint at a deeper meaning behind his words, leaving things in the shrouded spaces between them instead of dragging them out into the light of day. She swallowed and looked down at her hands, laying flat on the jacket covering his chest. Utterly useless. No traces of her magic were left in her, after she had used the last reserves to help tear a hole into the wall separating the Empty and the Earth. What a complete insanity that decision had been, born from the desperation of a man who was now as lost as the one he'd meant to save, mingled with her own grief over her son.
not know?"
Jack barely registered the thump of two backpacks meeting the ground a small distance away, but a sudden touch to his shoulder made him almost jump out of his skin, with all of his senses overstimulated like this. He instantly knew who it was, though, sensed the same desperate reaching from the body behind him that was coming from his own. The familiarity of the feeling made him ponder if Dean somehow carried traces of grace inside him as well.
A prayer. A summoning.
The meddling with their stereo seemed to have increased the brothers' discomfort because Castiel saw them swallow and glance at each other once more in the sudden silence of the car. Sam straightened the scarf around his neck.
"What?" he asked, suddenly worried. "Did I hurt you?"
Phew, writing this was a wild ride for me.
"We have to get him back."
Eternal fire, connect us! Contain the darkness! Restrain it! Imprison it!
. The Empty, it's angry at us now. It said I made it loud."
Dean shrugged and the corner of his mouth twitched. "Yeah, well, we're like weeds. Can't get rid of us that easily."
"If I didn't know any better, I'd think Feathers actually had some fun for once in his life. But I do, in fact, know better."
in that basement, even though Sam still didn't want to admit it.
Jack thought and rushed to the edge of the chasm, invisible arms reaching for the hunter in a futile attempt to extend over the chasm. Dean couldn't make that jump, impossible, it was too far, he'd—
"Yeah, me neither."
Dean gave his brother a jacket-covered nod. "Let's get the Heck out of here!"
When new sounds emerged shortly after, they didn't even register. Doors opening, voices calling, the shuffling of feet. Nothing was real. Nothing was here.
"I certainly prefer
The sting of the frigid air against his cheeks reminded him again how none of them were dressed to be outside at night this time of year. The freaky angel grace trip had to have done something to his body temperature, though, because he wasn't nearly as cold as he should have been. Neither was Sam. Small blessings, he guessed.
"It's an AVD." At Castiel's uncomprehending frown, Dean added, "Anti-Vampire Device."
"There's a—a faction among Hell's denizens. Ungrateful bastards! They want—"
"Dean, all of this is not a coincidence. There's—"
The smile had found its way back to their face and their heartbeat had accelerated again in their shared excitement, but this time Castiel didn't attempt to calm it. He didn't waste any more time and let their mind slip into the telepathic web that Dean had so aptly dubbed angel radio, sending out a universal call to all of his siblings. When he was greeted by nothing but silence, he tried not to let too much of his disappointment seep through to Dean.
Flashes of memories shot through his mind, each of them launching a new icy dagger until nothing was left of him. He thought he was drowning in an ever strengthening dread that left no room for anything else.
"Rowena." Sam touched her arm with one hand, wincing slightly at the pain the movement caused at his wounds now that the adrenaline of their escape was ebbing away. "It's all right. All of this, it was a long time ago. You've changed. I've changed. It's not like—I mean, it's not like any of this stuff still
Sam felt another shiver crawl over his skin, this time not caused by fear, but potential.
Dean wouldn't leave either of them, he wouldn't. But he was so tired. He sank backwards until he was lying on his back between them in the mulch, staring up into a sky that was almost indistinguishable from the ground. If he looked really closely, there was the jagged outline of a cloud that was touched by a pale, white light. So the moon still existed. Good to know.
"Still, for what it's worth, I
Lit by smaller torches at the walls, the room's layout was vaguely familiar to Sam. A lavish bed adorned the opposite wall, together with a smaller table. The side of the room they were standing in held another table, a bigger one, with various food plates arranged on top of it. A part of him expected to see the walls lined with an abundance of books, but the only thing present in these shelves were golden figurines depicting battle scenes.
"Not the trusting kind, are we now, Jack? Ov — ah, bugger this. I know when my efforts are wasted. You've never used a walkie-talkie before in your life, have you?"
'You've always got little old me.'
"Samuel." The other voice quivered and broke side by side with his own, and the hands cradling his face traveled downwards. His jawline was trailed by the weightless touch of fingertips. The last thing he expected was the press of lips to his own, too gentle for the smoldering pile of ash that remained of his life. Lasting no longer than a couple of seconds, the contact still sufficed to startle his sobs into silence.
He re-experienced the moment Sam let go of his hand, the distance between them growing larger.
be feeling. They were too heavy to bear for any single person, so he kept them locked away in a box, untouched, with the echo of his own wails of grief still loud in his ears.
This time, Jack wouldn't be caught off guard. Falling still and even going so far as to hold his breath, he concentrated on his surroundings. The rustling of leaves suddenly seemed much louder than before and he was pretty sure he'd again tapped into what remained of his angelic side. The resounding bang of the second shot rippled through the forest and he gained a rather exact sense of direction and distance from it.
When the pebble left the
learned from Gadreel's little stunt.
"Hey, don't you dare! I'm still eating that!" The words had not been directed at Jack, but at an empty spot somewhere near the kitchen table.
Sam frowned, unsure about the direction this conversation was taking. "I mean... it's Hell. That's kind of the point."
"I don't understand. Why is a hug undignified?"
Silence claimed the motel room, broken only by the noises of the thunderstorm outside. Quite contrary to his words, Dean lay on his back with eyes wide open, toying with the bracelet once more. Castiel wondered if Dean's thoughts were as loud as his own, if they were what was keeping him awake. With a tinge of guilt, he realized they'd never really spared much consideration for the fate of these two men who had been forced to leave their entire universe behind.
Jack didn't dare to breathe. He bit his lip and dug his fingers deeper into the fabric of Sam's jacket.
It was absurd, really, how their lives had changed in a way that made stepping into a portal to Hell something he didn't even have to hesitate about, something he was doing with a vague feeling of expectation and hope.
Sam caught up with them and came to a stop in a whirl of dried leaves at their side, casting a small cone of light onto the ground with a flashlight he held in his hand. Castiel turned to give the other hunter a desperate look.
"Not a single step further, or you will rue the day you swore allegiance to the enemy of the most powerful witch alive!"
"Limbo?" he asked, a shiver of dread running through him.
As if this, of all the things they'd shared, had grown too intense for her, she suddenly let go of his hand and got to her feet, talking more to herself than to Sam, "If I can't direct the flow of magic myself, an elemental conduit will facilitate channeling the natural forces."
Sam snored.
Dean's freaky, new angel senses suddenly picked up on something he couldn't pinpoint, somewhere outside their shared body. It felt wrong. So wrong that the hairs on his arms were standing up. He held his breath, every hunter instinct in his body kicked into high alert. Whatever was happening, the black veins must have felt it too, because they withdrew, fast. Not good. What the hell could make the essence of the Empty flee like that in its own realm?
Jack saw Dean swallow, like something was bothering him that he didn't want to mention.
His next words were laced with the pain he had carried for so long. "Tee-bee-beh-peh ee moh-fah-fah-ess."
His own heartbeat sped up, and before he could question if this was a good idea, he rushed ahead, reached out with hands that didn't touch anything solid.
"I did not give you permission to touch me like that," Rowena told the empty spot where the demon had been. A bruise was beginning to form on her cheek, her hair stuck out every which way and the grin tugging at her bloodied lip gave an unhinged quality to all of it. Sam stared at the angel blade in her hand.
Sam snorted softly at that and leaned his head back against the wall. They spent a moment in silence and his eyes shut again on their own accord. "I just... just need a minute," he murmured, each word a sting in his sore throat.
She considered the question for a moment before replying, "According to the Myth of Creation, God
this felt.
"Dean." He didn't even have to turn his head to know Sam was rolling his eyes. "Do you really think the answer has suddenly changed since the last two times you asked me this?"
Nothing happened.
But Dean had made a habit of reaching beyond the humanly possible.
When nothing else followed, he murmured, "That's not ominous at all," grabbed his own pack and jogged after Dean and Jack.
it could be fixed. There was a twinge in his chest, a moment of doubt opening the black hole that would swallow him whole if he didn't keep it in check. He took a deep breath and pushed it back down, focusing on his steps that had been carrying him after Dean, Jack, and the demon on auto-pilot.
"Jack?" Dean asked, standing as well while Jack began to walk straight into the onion field. Dean seemed torn between following Jack and staying near the Ouija board, glancing back and forth between both. Without having asked an additional question, Sam felt the not-touch of otherworldly cold another time, leading his hand to the words
She shifted her position, sliding past his injured arm. He couldn't suppress a hiss that instantly drew her attention.
eyes. Then they flashed red.
"Gosh darnit," Dean muttered into the darkness and sat up straight in his bed. He lingered there motionlessly and every moment that passed was unbearable torment to Castiel.
"I'm good. Wish we had our equipment." Dean looked around through the windshield and side windows, eyes narrowed warily. Listening. Hunting.
Reckless was something she'd been called with such regularity throughout her life that it seemed to be in time with the steady beat inside of her, demanding
Sam must have spent a while calling his name before reaching out to shake him. The touch to his left shoulder pulled sharply at something in his mind. Something enormous. Dean blinked once, twice. The phone clattered to the floor.
"What? When?" Dean asked, then shook his head. "You know what, nevermind. Just..."
The moment he caught himself tilting his head slightly, a shiver of recognition ran over his skin. Shit.
Sam felt alive when he should have been dead inside. Coming up for air, he gasped her name into the space between them before seeking contact once more. She shifted her face in just the right angle, deepened the kiss even further. They were renewing each other, reaffirming who they were, who they wanted to be.
these? Samuel, by Satan's aura, hold still!"
"JACK!" the voice repeated, so close.
Maybe Jack was about to make the greatest mistake of his life. If he was, he wouldn't live long enough to regret it. But he couldn't find it in him to care when there was a chance—no matter how small, how implausible—that this stranger was telling the truth. With trembling fingers, Jack dropped the blade.
It took Jack a moment to realize that the motionless pile of Dean was no longer asleep and was, in fact, looking directly at him.
"I'm not giving up," Dean blurted out before he even knew he was saying it. Two sets of eyes shot over to him, pulled out of the depths they had been sinking into. "I won't," he repeated, just to hammer the point home. "I refuse to believe this is it."
He really couldn't be blamed for the fact that it took him a while to notice there was something seriously wrong with those angels, that this wasn't how it was supposed to be. They were contorted, merged together in a grotesque way, as if they had just taken one too many rounds in a blender. And that frigging
behind his words, he'd never have done what he had. His father and brother, though, had never approved of Dean's decision-making process when it got like that, when he left logic behind on a hunt to function on intuition alone.
He could swear Rowena's eyes softened watching his reaction.
"I've chosen more than one father." Dean hoped the darkness could still somehow cover that goofy smile on his face that appeared out of nowhere at Jack's words. "But I want—I
Rowena and Sam finally noticed they were no longer alone and looked up sharply when Jack and Dean stepped out of the shadow from the other half of Rowena's luxurious chamber. Jack felt uncomfortable having interrupted an important topic like this, especially when Sam's eyes widened at the sight of him.
"JACK!" he called out again, hoped against hope that he would be heard.
The sensation of the weight of his hands resting on her back was new, sending warmth from his fingers through the thin fabric of her dress and straight into her skin. She didn't think she deserved that warmth. A part of her thought it best to leave, to spare him the effect that things in her general vicinity tended towards the catastrophic. The pressure of his arms was firm, though, holding her in place. She could have freed herself, disentangled the hold of his arms around her, had she made up her mind to actually do so. The truth was, she didn't
cut your man bun in your sleep! As I keep telling you, that style is
"So we're trapped in here, is what you're saying!"
Sam cleared his throat awkwardly, lifted the arm that Jack wasn't holding onto, then pushed it forwards in a determined movement.
"It's something," Sam said.
"Jack," the voice repeated flatly. "That's it? Just Jack? Over."
Cold fingers wrapped the red cloth around the worst of his wounds, even though the fabric was much too thin to be effective against the blood loss. It was all they had. Once her work was done, she leaned back and Sam covered his upper body in the remains of that stolen jacket again, wishing he still had his shirt at least. He fully expected another phase of shared morose silence, so he was surprised when Rowena chose to speak instead.
He may have been unable to move physical matter without a vessel, but an electrostatic discharge was something he
The strange expletive was the only thing uttered amidst the noise of ice that hit metal and glass in repeated attacks against the car's integrity. The lines in the already weakened windshield grew under the barrage of frozen hailstones. To the rumble of thunder that seemed to come from everywhere at once, the car took a sharp turn to the right, following an exit to the first buildings in sight.
"I thought I was human now, without my powers. I was injured like a human. But I can see things you don't."
Dean shrugged. "You're still you. Powers are overrated. Choices are what matters, and that you're still here to make them, Jack. That matters, too. You're part of the team that will fix this whole mess. And I know you wanted to help in that fight, I do. But the best ways to help don't end with you dead, you know?"
Maybe that had been an improvement. Now, he was all too aware of a knife cutting into his flesh. It left a screaming line up his arm, matching the feeling in his chest that refused to let him breathe ever since he had watched the black mass devour his brother. He still saw every little detail, the way the oil had spread from Dean's arm all over his body. Almost like the pain was spreading through Sam's now.
Hastily grabbing the cylinder out of Castiel's hold, as if he'd been worried Castiel would change his mind and not return it after all, Dean swallowed.
instead. Big mistake."
In the face of the rising volume of Dean's emotions, Castiel actively resisted the urge to point out that even in his weakened state, he'd be able to process a multitude of information at once because that was how angels were designed, and that he'd
And then Sam was on his own with his pain. Heaving sobs began to shake him and every single breath was the struggle of a drowning man. He wanted to claw at the constriction in his throat, in his chest, but leather straps held down his arms. The keening sounds that escaped him sounded strange to his own ears, but he couldn't stop them, could do nothing other than close his eyes again.
"You Winchesters, just how do you manage it? Whenever I think I've seen it all, you come barging in with something even more outrageous. Mind you, this is the most utterly ridiculous situation you have pulled me into as of yet."
He frowned.
Dean stepped forward and lifted one of their arms to touch the smoke that made up the demonic presence. The tendrils avoided the spot where his hand was and the red smoke wafted around his fingers.
Despite everything, he couldn't find it in him to regret his decision. He deemed himself a decent enough judge of character. If he hadn't been convinced of the angel's complete honesty, the unbridled
sorry."
"What the heck..." The sudden sleep-riddled voice from behind, inside the motel room, made Dean flinch, but he couldn't even tell if it had been him or the stranger in his body who felt guilty at the sound. "Dean, who are you
, not me?"
Stuck in a perpetual loop between them, their joy expanded into exuberance that carried them to unexplored heights. Castiel had never experienced anything like it, was blindsided by the way it made him feel. Their body was warm all over, tingling, prickling in suppressed laughter that had no outlet.
"But I
"I so would! Remember when I returned your guitar to the store because you wouldn't let me do my reports in peace? You didn't believe me I would do that either."
Dean moved quickly through the darkness towards the voice to pull the boy into a hug, the afterimage of an orange glow still in his eyes. "You are staying out of fights from now on, you hear me? 'Least until we get to train you some more on human combat."
Dean wasn't sure he'd ever get used to the way this arrangement worked, feeling the angel's worry as if it was his own until Castiel must have put a stop to it, hidden it somehow.
. By the time he realized he had sent that word, it was too late already. The colors pulsated, the white glow in their center fluctuating in intensity.
"Sam?" Jack asked quietly.
"I'll get you some more, and this time I will be using the shoe without telling you," she said over her shoulder before disappearing from his sight.
Dean? Really? We're chasing after a dream here?"
Sam's eyes rolled back in his head and Dean, still kneeling near Jack, did his best to stop the fall as his brother's body went limp.
to have my powers back, so we can defeat my grandfather. I need to be me again."
bad. It looks to me like the spell worked."
I... might be rambling, so I better stop. Thank you so much if you've read until here, love you all!
Sam was surrounded by an air of exhaustion. Even worse was the look of loss and utter defeat in his eyes. Words prickled on Dean's tongue, but stubbornly refused to emerge. It was Jack who finally cut through the silence.
He was trembling slightly in the cold and tears suddenly stung in his eyes, but he didn't even care anymore. Not like anyone was there to see them. He let them run freely and held Sam closer to his chest. Moving Jack any further was something he didn't want to risk, but he blindly felt his way through the mulch until his fingers found skin, and closed his hand around Jack's.
This was ridiculous. Logically, he knew he should be offended by the indignity and the complete and utter lack of respect. Instead, considering Dean's stance towards cars in general, he accepted the whole thing as a backhanded compliment, and basked in the affectionate glow that Dean's soul usually only radiated in times of contentedness, something he hadn't dared to hope he could ever witness again. The corners of their mouth rose in another smile and he couldn't even tell who had initiated the movement this time.
Surprise momentarily erased Jack's other worries. "You lied to me about your name?"
He knew, without a doubt, that Sam would disapprove so strongly that it would lead to a fallout equal only to the one from five years ago. The memory of him and Sam not being on speaking terms for a full week still stung. Dean had been
"You... met him?"
Jack smiled and ate his sandwich, feeling warmer than he had ever since Dean's disappearence. With the tension slowly fading from his muscles, his stomach pleasantly full, he must have drifted to sleep without noticing because the next thing he knew was that he woke up and it was dark inside the cabin.
. Of a regular stupid injury. The few of us who are left, we need each other, we have to protect each other. We can't—please, I can't—I can't lose anyone else. He's my son and I can't lose him. I'm—I'm in the middle of nowhere and I'm all alone and there's nothing I can do to save him. But you can. I need your help,
Aware now that his angelic side hadn't entirely disappeared after all, he could actually
"We should really get her a new phone one of these days," he joked, pushing the possibility of Hell being as empty as the streets of Lebanon and as every other city in the world to a small space somewhere in the back of his mind. "Or a landline to Hell, I guess."
"You wouldn't
was reassuring, though it probably ended up as more of a grimace.
but him had died?
"Jack." Roderick deposited his flashlight on the table and stepped over to Jack, holding out a hand. "Give that to me."
Just a few years ago, she would have laughed at anyone who dared insinuate she'd be this far gone. That she'd ever be all-in again, no backup plan, no discussion. The past version of herself had been so sure that choosing herself as her one and only confidant was the only option. All kinds of decisions had come so easily after that. It had been a good life, full of possibility and surprise, where everything could change on a whim.
"If you were, there'd be far more straightforward ways to do that. You could have crashed the car, but you chose not to," Dean kept talking at the display.
"I am
that was, unsure if he was in the condition to handle any more bad news right now. The walls of the passage dropped away, a sign that they were truly leaving behind the structured part of Hell. A vista of rock plains unfolded in front of them, shrouded in darkness save for the occasional lightning strikes. No more torches to light their way.
"Shame, that. Sounds quite boring. Say about humanity what you will, but they always did know how to entertain."
"You've lost a lot of blood and you're dehydra—"
The sparse light from the exit behind her outlined her form as she stood there in the middle of the cave, balancing on shoes that were barely functional without their heels, her clothing and hair clinging to her in wet disarray.
a banshee!"
Clearing their throat, Dean gave Sam a nervous smile.
"Your thoughts are too loud," he murmured without explanation, gentle wrinkles around the corners of his eyes.
"Not long ago and healing these wounds would have been nothing but a minor inconvenience for me, easily fixed in a matter of minutes. I wish I was still..." She cut herself off. Not saying another word, she actually reached for the angel blade and used it to cut off the lowest part of her ankle-length dress. Sam lifted an eyebrow.
"That's not my name."
Jack's eyes widened at his mistake. Why did this keep happening to him?
"Rowena."
Sam huffed out a breath, nodding. "Two worlds, actually."
"I'm sure there was a good reason, otherwise you wouldn't have dropped it," Castiel said in full conviction without thinking.
Sam retracted his arm and held both hands up in defeat.
he thought, not for the first time, pouring everything he still had into that one name as if he could make him appear by sheer willpower. He didn't dare open his eyes, because that would make it real, would prove to him that he could no longer do this.
They reached the black car and found the doors locked. Castiel began patting down the pockets of Dean's jacket in search of the tools needed to break into a car, without result. Dean insistently removed their hands from the jacket pockets when Sam stepped up to them, giving them an incredulous look.
"I was turned into a bomb strong enough to take out my grandfather and my grandaunt, but I didn't—" He trailed off.
He tried harder to sink into the cool embrace of oblivion, to no avail. As easy as it had been to shed his own name, he couldn't let go of that face. His whole being clung to it.
Knowing the difference he'd made touched him in a way he hadn't expected. He felt a lump forming in his throat and blinked several times, gently pressing her hand.
"My gr—" Jack swallowed his initial response. Despite the fact that this voice gave him the inexplicable impression of talking to someone he knew and trusted, Jack had been manipulated and lied to by strangers too often to just throw caution to the wind entirely. "God."
"No. I'm fine." Jack hesitated. "What's wrong with Sam? Will he be okay? And Rowena? My memory... it doesn't seem to be working right." Jack sounded at the same time frustrated and entirely perplexed by this fact in a way that only someone who had never experienced a real hangover could.
"Ah yes, yes, of course. I remember. I remember the little fact that I CAN'T BELIEVE YOU ACTUALLY KILLED ME!"
I shouldn't have doubted your side in this."
He ran until weakness overwhelmed him, made his legs give out from under him. Hardly paying attention to his surroundings, he sank to his knees. Something solid behind his back supported him, propped him up when he felt too exhausted to do it on his own. New tears were choking him, but simply refused to surface. He wished they would. That at least would have given him some sort of release.
A puff of air left Sam's mouth and he shook his head in disbelief, but didn't dwell on this miracle they had received so unexpectedly.
Black tears started to trickle out of Sam's eyes.
Relief flooded him that he had been able to remember the foreign sounds. Or maybe that relief hadn't been his own.
He turned their body to face the small lump of mineral that looked incredibly out of place on the black floor. That got Dean's full attention and their mouth opened in astonishment just the moment a second rock came flying. Castiel memorized the angle it had taken.
"I don't know what any of this means, but can you give me another signal, please?"
No matter how insignificant, for once something that he tried had worked. Jack felt a smile form on his face in this fleeting, tiny moment of happiness. He met Roderick's eyes over the candle as both of them sat down in the chairs on opposite sides of the table. There it was again, this barely-there smile that the demon always tried to hide as if he was ashamed of it, for a reason Jack couldn't figure out. Why would anyone be ashamed of smiling?
The point of contact where Jack was touching Sam's arm lit up at Jack's whispered words, glowing in the orange of the flames surrounding them. He saw Dean's eyes widen at that. Jack shivered as he physically felt a small amount of his energy get drained away. During the next repetition of the spell, Jack shook off whatever hesitance had been holding him back. He yelled out the word together with Sam, heard Dean do the same, three voices merging into one with Rowena's as a counterpoint to it all.
The hunter was fighting alone without backup, hopelessly surrounded by creatures growling in rage. Castiel spotted the source of the metallic sound from before, a cylindrical device on the floor only just out of Dean's reach, no matter how desperately he stretched his arm. The vampires held Dean down to the ground, but a ripple went through their crowd as Dean sent some of them flying with a powerful kick. Despite the chaos of battle and moving bodies, Castiel saw Dean's eyes meet his, widening in surprise. A kick to Dean's prone form cut their eye contact short.
"And about Sam... not sure what
Whenever they'd been on what the Winchesters called salt-and-burn cases, they had brought a lighter. Usually Sam or Dean had been the one to use it, but one night Dean had pressed it into Jack's hand, calling it
She'd be amused by that, if the world wasn't falling apart. If not God's own hand would bring about the killing blow, then the moment Heaven could no longer contain the billions upon billions of souls certainly would. And yet, here she was at the end of times, unable to prevent any of it. She'd been left to rot in a cell specifically constructed to feed its energy barriers with the grace of its inhabitant, leaving the angel inside weakened. They
Without spending much thought on the matter, Sam continued onwards, but was brought to an abrupt stop when the slippery ground proved to be incompatible with Rowena's high heels. Despite everything he'd been through in the last few hours, or maybe because of it, his heightened instincts as a hunter kicked in. He managed to hold out an arm in time to stabilize her, but that didn't prevent her huff of annoyance.
We exorcize you.
He shoved the box open with a jolt of his finger and Jack wished he had thought to try that. The demon took out a stick, flicked it over the side of the box and then lifted the small flame in an exaggerated arc. "Ta-da, there's your re-enactment of humanity's first grand discovery."
Dean stood up and crossed the room to clap his shoulder softly.
"I won't deny I am a woman of certain talents, and persuasion happens to be one of them."
After a few moments of investigation, Chuck let the rock drop back to the ground and squinted at the oily rift instead. Another rock came flying out of it and Chuck turned his head sidewards, evading the projectile by a hair's breadth.
. The next few icy projectiles from the sky resulted in a miserable creaking from the windshield. It wouldn't last much longer. "Jackets!" Dean yelled and opened his seatbelt. He awkwardly disentangled his arms from his sleeves in the narrow space of his seat to pull his jacket halfway over his head from behind.
"And just when he thought he had succeeded, he realized that hope was a treacherous rope."
Jack was still here. Rowena was still here, as long as he went with a loose definition of 'here'.
"It's here," Jack cut in, then felt bad about having interrupted Sam like that. Why did his timing always have to feel so off, so much clumsier than others when they interacted? He couldn't help it, couldn't fight the urge to finally do something now that they were so close. In an attempt to soften his abruptness, he added more words, "Right where I'm standing."
"You have
of killing one of Cas's friends. If the demon had saved Castiel's life, that meant Jack could never have gotten to know Cas at all without Roderick. Quite possibly not Sam or Dean either. He didn't even want to imagine how dark his life would have been without them.
Jack almost stumbled in a sudden weakness, clinging to Sam while the fiery glow around them flared so brightly that it was blinding. It was outshone only by the purple ray of light that shot from Sam's and Rowena's shared hand towards an empty spot in the air in front of them where it rebounded as if it had met solid matter. Rowena's form flickered out abruptly, like a flashlight that had run out of battery, and the illusory flames vanished the moment she did. Jack's knees felt unsteady.
The smoke floated over to Jack, engulfing him. The pain he expected failed to appear. Where the smoke touched him, Jack's skin and even his clothing and backpack became transparent until all he could see when he glanced down was the ground beneath him. Before a clear thought could form in his head, sounds tore through the veil of silence and the squirrel changed its course once more, darting away from him.
A white fog appeared that gave a faraway quality to everything Dean said, like a wall separating them.
The door to Rowena's chamber was flung open and several demons poured into the room.
Speaking of crazy, a few months ago, around the time I was writing chapter 10, I randomly discovered something on the internet that made my skin crawl, but that I hadn't shared with a lot of people so far for fear of how crazy it would make me sound--but we're beyond that now, I guess:
ESIASCH VVPLIF VGEGI PAPNOR - Siblings, our strength grows with remembrance.
His insides churned when he allowed himself to consider the possibility.
The power from the hallway surged up again, more insistently this time, testing the strength of the barrier. They spent a held breath staring at the flame pattern burning down almost entirely before coming back to life much weaker than before.
Castiel sent another message with his true voice, a simple
"I'm trying to light this candle."
"Sammy! Sam! Draw faster!"
Sam was certain that wasn't how Rowena viewed them anyway. He saw Dean tilt his head in a slight shrug, the corner of his mouth twitching in a way that said he didn't even entirely disagree.
Jack whispered, and he really meant it.
"All right, I will," Jack swore solemnly, watching as Roderick unpacked the bag's contents, placing them on the table one by one. After a moment spent in silence, Jack said with a glance at the rations, "You're the only demon I know. Do demons eat? Do they get tired?"
He stopped the Impala abruptly in the middle of a crossroads framed by small-town shops and pushed the door open. Sucking in a deep breath, he got out and turned, but the sight was identical in every direction. Open doors leading into unattended shops, sidewalks littered with bikes, bags, phones and various other objects. Sirens of crashed cars were blaring the soundtrack to an apocalypse that had come and gone in the blink of an eye without anyone even noticing. The sensation of goosebumps ran over Dean's skin and he turned to look at Sam and Jack.
If he was too human for that now, maybe he could meet his mother in Heaven again. Perhaps Sam and Dean's souls had somehow found their way there, too.
Jack stretched his arm desperately, trying to grab any part of Dean's clothing.
"Listen, Jack..." Jack wasn't sure why those two simple words made him dig his fingers into the blanket. "I know you said you didn't want to hear it, but I think you should. I—I screwed up, okay?" This was so far removed from anything Jack had expected to hear that he looked up in shock, his fingers losing their grip on the blanket. "What I said about you, that was bullshit. I never believed that, not even for a second. I just... there was always this
"Ro-rowena," he rasped, numb, the sound of his voice barely human.
extricate a sense of direction from the prayer, though.
He could leave it all behind, just for a moment of unburdened weightlessness. He consisted of water.
"Not a single one, Samuel. It would be ludicrous of me to speak for Heaven's side of things, but I doubt that whatever happened to them was death. One would think that, with billions of people, quite a few of them would have been hellward bound, aye?"
Another flash lit up the interior of the car.
That rhythm was quieted now, as her gaze followed the lines of Sam's face, her own grief mirrored in the shadows under his eyes. Something in her chest constricted. When everything had come crumbling down around them as the direct result of her last reckless decision, he was the one who had borne the brunt of that blow, crushed almost beyond recognition under the debris. She'd never meant for that to happen. Least of all to him, out of everyone.
"I..." Jack shouted back, then swallowed. Maybe all of this had been a really bad idea. "It was just..." He turned to see Roderick lift his hand in an impatient gesture that demanded answers, but he couldn't face the demon for his next words, instead focusing back on their way through the underbrush. "Sam and Dean were still with me when we slept in that house last night," he finally admitted, barely loud enough for his words to be audible over the noise around them.
"Who are you?
Jack thought.
To his credit, Sam hesitated only for a second when his arm's movement was mirrored by the ghostly form standing right inside of him.
"Castiel," he whispered before even realizing it, surprised at hearing the name leave his lips. The shape of it felt strange now, after he had consciously avoided to say or even think it, fearing the abyss it would open.
He felt a tremor, a disturbance that reached to the core of his angelic being. And it had nothing to do with the emotions stirred up by the confrontation with his regrets from the past. Their human body felt it, too, tension in every muscle, small hairs straightening up in repeated danger signals all over skin.
"The name's Roderick."
Then his calves unexpectedly hit the forgotten backpacks behind them and their whole group lost its balance. Before Jack could fully process what was happening, still locked in a struggle to regain his footing on the trembling soil, Sam's arms were pulling him back upright. But Dean was no longer with them, suddenly running
Castiel thought of Balthazar, of the moment he had ended his friend's life in the most cowardly way, with a blade from behind.
worse
"NOW!"
What he
"What if Earth is the only..."
"It... it does," Jack agreed. "Cas, he'd do anything for those he loved. I want to be like that, like him." The smile left him as fast as it had appeared, and he continued more pensively, "The others, they save lives. All I ever do is cause more problems."
Only now realizing that his fingers had been digging into the wooden surface of the table, Jack let go with a shaky exhale. He felt completely unable to form any words, but Roderick didn't seem to mind, carrying on with his monologue as if nothing was amiss.
He hadn't even considered the state he was in, tear-stained face and all. Sam's expression immediately darkened and he threw a glance in Dean's direction that was clearly accusatory. Jack hurried to wipe a hand over his face. A flare of protectiveness that made no sense whatsoever had him take a deliberate step closer to Dean.
"Uhm, okay," Sam said carefully, not quite sure what he was supposed to do with that. "Where would we find such a conduit in Hell?"
to go and rein in God! Nothing good has ever come of such foolish endeavors. What have you
At these words, the flow finally didn't hold back any longer and flooded him. Every last part of Dean's body welcomed the grace, merged with it, sheltered it. This wasn't an invasion, it was a fusion. The sensation was the balm to an open wound that had been festering within him, the purest proof that Castiel was safe now. During the last two days, he had fought so hard not to give up hope on this. Now that it was happening, in ways he never could have imagined, he had no idea how to react.
Castiel repeated, this time in an entirely different connotation, rubbing a hand down their face.
He ran. Again.
Jack prayed, one last thing he wanted to say before it was all over, one more person he had to make amends to.
Rowena seemed to share the sentiment. She didn't speak a single word, never breaking the eye contact while she reached towards his face and slid the tips of her fingers over that smile, as if she was aware of the full significance of it. Thunder rumbled. Her other hand found his on the ground and she interlaced their fingers, hers no longer cold.
. What if I screw up? What if—"
Sam's eyes widened in a display of emotion much stronger than what he'd revealed so far.
I saw in him. But whatever it may have been, he was not it."
"It's a stupid game teenagers play to scare each other, pretending to talk to dead people," Dean said, finishing the
If the human concept of karma was something she believed in, she'd call it karmic that she had to go through everything she had done to others. She'd sent so many angels to these cells, she'd erased so many rebellious thoughts. Now the holes in her own memory left behind by a drill were still bothering her with questions she'd probably never get answers for, and being locked in here was doing its fair share in tearing apart what little sanity she had managed to preserve over the millennia. And maybe that was the core of the issue. Maybe all of them had just lived too damned long to still be sane.
for encouraging me through the insanity that was this chapter, and everyone who has left such breathtakingly kind comments after my previous chapters! You're all amazing!
She never got to hear whatever his reply may have been, because that was the moment a blood-curdling, high-pitched screech rose somewhere outside the cave, drowning out the thunder. She hastily pushed herself away from Sam and to her feet, reaching for the only weapon she had left now that her magic had ceased—the angel blade that had come to her in their time of need. It was questionable how much use it would be, but it was possible that a weapon of divinity was exactly what was needed.
to win here."
Jack took a moment to process this new information. He had gotten so used to the name Roderick in his head that it was close to impossible to think of this demon with any other name.
Even with Dean's prowess as a hunter, there were just too many of them. Castiel knew a losing battle when he saw one. It probably shouldn't have surprised him that the dream he'd dived into was a nightmare, but the knowledge that not even this more lighthearted version of Dean was free of nightly torment still saddened him. A guttural scream echoed back from the walls. The sound of it cut Castiel like a knife.
but that one fleeting moment of hope had taught him true despair, crushing what little resolve he'd managed to accumulate for the world's sake. His fingers had been only a hair's breadth away from grabbing Dean before he fell. Such a small distance, so inconsequential in almost any other situation. And yet, this time it had changed
Jack's heart hammered as he pressed the big, round button labeled 'TALK' in the middle of the device. His throat closed up and he couldn't force out a single word. Completely helpless, he stared at a display with numbers that had no meaning to him. The tears he'd been unable to cry before chose this moment of all times to emerge, so he ended up transmitting nothing but a sob before he let go of the button. All Jack heard in the quiet of the forest was his own labored breathing and the wilted leaves dancing around his feet in a breeze. And then a voice sounded out of the speaker.
The silence that followed was fraught with things neither of them wanted to shape into words. It became stifling in a way that made him desperate for something, anything, to break it, but his mind suddenly consisted of molasses that nipped every attempt to do so in the bud. It was Dean who finally dispersed it, opting not to comment on what he had seen.
Dean's words from last night echoed in his head. But how was he supposed to know what the right choice was?
Never once giving up in his fight for Balthazar, Castiel dug deeper, tore open more of his old wounds that had never stopped radiating pain. He had little control over what memories were pulled to the surface, laid bare for Dean to see. A bloodied face, eyes tormented in a quest for redemption, even as Castiel touched a forehead in healing. The flash of light that was his final sacrifice to free Castiel. It took only seconds for Dean to recognize the face, to call out the name into the void with the power of his prayer.
With a snap of Chuck's fingers, a hawk swooped from the sky and carried the squirrel away in strong claws.
"And to think that I'd actually started to enjoy your company! I'll tell you a secret, cub. I would have
The last thing Dean saw was the shock on Rowena's flickering form as he waited until the very last second to
The fog of sleep was already pulling him under, mingling with a hazy warmth that came not only from the fireplace, but also from a burning hope he carried deep within himself against all odds, and from the affection in Jack's softly spoken words. "Good night, Dean." After a moment of silence, he heard Jack add, "And Sam. And Rowena, I guess? Does it make sense to wish someone without a body a good night?"
"I—uh, I don't really like thinking of that."
"You cried for me," she added, seemingly as a non-sequitur. "The day you killed me. I saw tears, genuine tears, all over your face."
Connect!
He sensed something brush against his mind, probing, clawing. Then he was hit by a sudden realization. One of the last three vessels in existence. They wouldn't kill him—he was valuable.
, he felt as he watched a flash of light burn the life out of someone he had just stabbed in the back.
"Did you really? What
Just thinking about that day was hard for Jack, seemed to encumber him with an impossible weight on his shoulders.
Now he was the
He got a flat look in return. Rowena leaned over to remove the tatters of his jacket from the arm in question. The cloth was sticking to the bloody cuts, tearing at his skin in the movement. Another hiss broke free from his lips. Rowena's gaze darkened at a closer inspection of his injuries.
The desperation behind the words was tangible and his heart ached for what he must have put Jack through. He yearned to tell his son that everything would be all right, but there was no way for him to reply to the prayer, no connection of grace to latch onto after Jack had lost most of his power. He
"Can we make it to the building?" Sam asked in their now broken shelter, his voice muffled by cloth.
"Well, I killed you, so I think we're even."
"Oh, you got Sam's pack," Jack realized. He hurried to grab the food and water from the second backpack, the one he himself had carried here. Then he held out one of the foil-wrapped sandwiches in offering. "Those are the ones Dean made for himself. I bet they have ham. I can take the vegetarian ones, I don't mind."
He hadn't meant much with that reply, hadn't even thought about it deeply, and it ended up having a far stronger effect on Rowena than he'd intended. She hesitated, swallowing, her hands curling into fists.
"I'm not—" Dean's words were cut off as a flash of lightning put his face into sharp relief. His eyes narrowed in the direction it had come from and Castiel noticed minuscule movements in Dean's jaw muscles, indicating that he was counting. The thunderclap was to be expected, but when it happened after just a few seconds, it was so permeant that it made the hunter flinch. Even Castiel in his true form was surprised by the intensity of the noise.
Dean looked at Jack, at Sam, at the whole lot of nothing surrounding them on that frigid field as far as the sparse light allowed him to see. Then the rift disappeared with one last hiss, and with it the only source of light and warmth. Not even the moon or stars were visible in the sky, leaving Dean in darkness that was so absolute that it felt stifling.
Dean nodded towards the door. "Bathroom's over there." Sam was already in the hallway when Dean's voice called after him, "There's only cold water. Don't say I didn't warn ya, Sammy."
He was suddenly glad he couldn't sense any of Crowley's feelings. The demon had walled himself off entirely for the time being, and Castiel certainly wouldn't complain about that. He considered Dean's earlier words and couldn't do anything other than agree with the fact that, no matter what differences they may have had in the past, Castiel owed his life to Crowley. Twice. The better part of him knew they were doing the right thing, that someone who had been willing to give his own life for the good of the world deserved to be saved. Why then was the other part of him so irritated by the demon's presence?
Being in the company of the former queen of this place proved to be an invaluable asset while they dashed through a confusing maze of corridors. The further she led Sam this way, the darker the atmosphere got, even considering the fact that they were in Hell. Torches spawned flickering circles of light at regular intervals, but in between those, the shadows seemed to grow in density. They managed to use this to their advantage, two tense bodies hastily pressed close to each other in the cover of a broad pillar as another group of demon guards passed by.
"I did," Dean agreed, his hands hovering over the steering wheel without touching it, as if that could absolve him of what had happened. "And I didn't like the sound of it."
"You're actually serious with that."
Dean tapped his arm in sudden excitement. "Remember when we... uh, in the hospital, when I was..."
If only the Empty hadn't consumed as much of Castiel's power, he might have been able to hold an actual conversation with Dean via song lyrics. But as it was, the focused effort for just those two words had already weakened him considerably. He was in urgent need of a vessel to strengthen him, to give his essence a chance to regenerate, if he wanted to remain on Earth. And he had to. The other Dean needed him to.
"The King of Hell doesn't
, for his taste.
He found the bottle of scotch and just grabbed the whole thing, foregoing a glass this time. With the tiredness of one who had lived too damned long, he moved to the table and slumped down in the chair, casting another morose glance towards the blanket he'd tossed to the floor. The first sip of his drink burned in his mouth, leaving behind the disgusting taste of cheap alcohol.
Jack hadn't meant it as a joke, but Roderick huffed out a chuckle at that, shaking his head.
A jolt went through his true form when he let himself believe that this Dean had heard his thoughts, had replied to them as naturally as the other Dean had when they'd shared not only a body, but a connection that went beyond the physical. He was mistaken, of course, because this reply hadn't been directed at him.
"I'm..." Jack looked down at his hands. "I'm not one of these assets." He splayed his fingers, then closed them into fists. "I lost my powers... again."
Dean took his gaze off the road to give Sam a short glance. Guilt weighed heavily in his stomach.
"I was gravely mistaken," she said and let that wide-eyed wonderment roam over his face. "You aren't a Student, you never were."
"Our choice was either doing it God's—
"Sam, I don't think I can still direct the flow of your magic, now that I've lost access to Hell's power too. I don't even qualify as a mentor like this. I cannot—"
So far I have seven chapters in total, more or less finished. If all goes well, I'll post one new chapter per day for the next four days. Any additional chapters after that have to be written first.
Dean opened his mouth and rasped in a shaky breath, but still found it inexplicably hard to speak, so he just nodded. More information slowly seeped through to him. Jack was hovering nearby, in a careful distance of several feet, a conflicted expression on his face and his fingers curled into loose fists.
Jack!"
Nobody said anything after that for several long seconds. Jack grabbed one of Sam's sleeves in a show of support, felt the muscles in Sam's arm tense under his grip, and saw Sam's chest rise in a deep inhale before his voice cut through the silence that had fallen over them.
