"I told . . . I said I didn't want anyone coming here." Bucky backed up further, toward his bedroom door.
"There's lots of things I'd like to tell your dick." Steve growled as he lifted Bucky up by his hips. Jesus, he was heavy now with the weight of the metal limbs. It was practically like picking Tony up in the full suit.
Tony awoke with a start, he couldn't quite get his bearings. What had he been dreaming about? Steve of course. It had been a nightmare he was sure of that but the details eluded him. He sighed and fell back into the tangled mess of pillows and sheets. "Damnit I miss that asshole." He muttered to himself.
That was how Peter Parker got in. Negligence.
He'd done so well with someone standing near. Why couldn't he do this now? He just wanted to go five feet to take a piss.
sounds.
"No! It's fine Pete. Kid was raised in a barn I swear. Don't they have doors where you're from?" Tony took the kid around the shoulders and lead him away.
"I usually bottom, that cool?" He said, climbing back into bed, laying face down beside Steve.
"Hey Steve?"
"He. . . He's gone again isn't he? To someplace I can't follow him to." He didn't even try to suppress the hiccuping sob that escaped his throat, focusing instead on the movement in the back of the ambulance they followed.
Sarah Rogers' pristine skirt had been replaced by a stained white lab coat.
He knew this place, he knew where he was.
He stood, stretched and started looking through cabinets.
With a smile Bucky finished putting the band-aid on Peter's knee.
Tony seemed to deflate as he let himself flop onto his back, narrowly avoiding the forgotten ham.
Tony gasped out and snaked his hand down to grip himself.
The hands left his arms and slid under his shirt. When Tony gasped, Bucky's tongue slipped inside his mouth.
Steve caught him with an uppercut that sent him reeling backward.
"B-bucky."
A syringe stabbed into his arm and he felt as though a thousand volts were coursing through him.
____________________________________________
"I know I'm not barking up the wrong tree." Howard said, voice husky suddenly.
The rest of his time before starting the whole Captain America gig was spent with him visiting Stark's gym daily. Stark was always present, sitting on the out-of-place-couch, reading something or other. They didn't speak, they barely acknowledged one another. They certainly didn't touch one another.
"Do you have . . . Panic attacks?" That's what Steve had called it right?
"I do." Steve pressed his lips to Tony's forehead.
The only relief he'd experienced was through running. It wasn't exactly a common hobby amongst New Yorkers. Nobody did early morning laps around the block, not unless they were being chased by someone.
Soon Steve too was moaning wantonly, cock twitching inside the hot insides of the other man.
Tony tuned out most of the conversation as it turned into the intricacies of the ever evolving New York City and all its Burroughs.
"You mean you actually wanna go through with it? It'll more than likely kill him." Bruce was chewing the sleeve of his lab coat, deep in thought, considering all the options.
Steve tackled him and rolled him so he could land another punch. He laughed again, spitting a tooth that already wasn't his original. "Know what else, Stevie? You weren't special for Howard Stark either. I sucked his dick so good he
"I was wrong. I said things--"
Would Steve even come back?
Tony raised his hand once again but it trembled as he dropped it to his side
He was naked on the flagstone floor, knees bruising from how long he'd been forced to kneel there.  The fuckin' HYDRA Nazis had just hosed him off, the water so cold and pressure so high he thought his skin would be blasted from his body.
"No more marathon fucking though, you're a senior citizen, I can't be held responsible."
They really talk. They discuss how toxic the way they'd both behaved had been. How things were a tangle of mixed signals and missed signs. They talked about the night that Bucky had tried to leave. They talked about the fighting. They talked about Bucky's suicidal thoughts, his little hair cutting fiasco-- it was still choppy and almost to the scalp in places.
He gripped the front of Steve's uniform, bunching the material up in his fists. "Maybe I'll go the rest of my life worrying that you were just seeking out those little bits of me that mirror him--"
"Maybe this time you don't deserve to be the good guy, Steve. Compassionate, loyal, Captain America. You're just a shitty human with skewed ethics like everyone else today."
"You said. . . Stevie?" He asked, head feeling like it was full of cotton.
"Thank you, Friday."
He remembered this game.
Steve gave in after a few moments and a heavy sigh. He took off the tape that held the bandages and slowly started unwinding them. Inch after inch of painfully pink skin was revealed.
The room was huge, it could have easily fit Steve's entire apartment in it twice. The center of the room was dominated by a huge, unmade bed with dark gray sheets and a navy blue spread. There was a sofa and chair of the same gray paired with a low coffee table in one corner and a dressing table, stool and coatrack in another. The coatrack, Steve noted was unused with several coats puddled at the base of it.
Steve laughed for the first time since it all happened. "I'm glad Tony built you with an actual personality."
Sobs ripped through Bucky unbidden. "I've ruined so much. I should have known better than to let myself start falling in love with someone who's parents I murdered." Bucky waited for the blast but it never came.
Bucky nodded. "I think I've been on edge since I touched my leg in the bathroom. It made me almost. . . Remember my arm being severed. Hydra." His voice was tight and Tony felt his pulse quicken.
Bucky couldn't form a reply he just nodded.
"Fellas more your speed?"
"Snow White?" Tony called, he was eating something if the sound of his voice was any indication.
be in a suit that showed up.
He paused on the top of what had once been a luggage carrier and cupped his hands around his mouth. "Bucky?!" He called "Bucky Barnes!"
He pushed a knee between Tony's legs, grinding against him while he unbuckled Stark's belt himself.
"Stay with me Bucky." Her voice commingled with something else but he ignored it. He just let the feeling of her gently rubbing his hair comfort him.
"I. . ." Whenever Bucky tried thinking of his family he only got these vague shapes floating in his mind. "I don't. I don't remember them."
"I'm here" Bucky tried to open his eyes but they felt so heavy.
"You sound like Tony." What a grumpy little voice.
Tony really was the very picture of need, he was flushed, trembling, his lips were kiss swollen and his cock was obviously straining against his jeans.
He was still struggling. He was still struggling with who he was, if he should really be calling himself "Bucky Barnes". Wondering if that man was dead.
Tony could feel his fight or flight kicking up into overdrive. "What time is it?"
___________________________________________
They both soaked in silence for a time, Steve being the one to break it.
It was hard, it was dirty and quick and full of heated words.
Steve bucked his hips unsure of himself now. But Howard was making such pretty sounds. Such
He'd slept all night? Hm. He sat up again and pulled himself from bed.
"Its bad, Buck. It's really bad." There was a choked sound.
Cautiously, he slid his hand between them, watching for Steve's reaction as he guided the head of his prick to Rogers' entrance.
"Steve? Steve's here?" A trap surely. No, no he escaped HYDRA, right? He let himself remember everything, but it was hard letting The Soldier slip away.
After that they cleaned up and Tony helped Bucky to bed.
____________________________________________
Steve soon found himself being dragged through the labyrinthine corridors of the Stark mansion. By the time Howard pulled him into a room and locked the door behind them, Steve couldn't even recall how many turns and flights of stairs they'd taken.
"Fuck! Harder!" Bucky practically screamed. A sheen of sweat coated both of them. Bucky gazed up at Steve's flushed face. Fuck but he was handsome. He'd always thought so. . . .Maybe he wouldn't push for the beard to go.
Steve recognized the panic attack as soon as it began. He rushed to take Bucky's bandaged right hand, sitting in the chair Bruce had just vacated.
His stream of words devolved into high pitched moans, and half formed utterances of Steve's name.
"Serum doesn't regrow limbs." He stated almost automatically. "My arm was crushed. My . . . The metal one."
"Yes, Sargent Barnes?"
"Language." Steve chided, tone firm and authoritative.
"Well, let's see. I keep dropping things, I had both a dream and a nightmare about it," Bucky counted out on his fingers. "I got so distracted by it I ended up here on the floor."
"Remember you're enhanced and I'm breakable." He gasped out, a little panic edging into his brain.
He was so wound up that every little thing seemed to annoy him. But nothing more than that
Howard laughed and went up on his tip toes to peck Steve's lips, effectively silencing him. "Lucky for you I am fond of a bit of pain, doll."
He let his tongue slide circles around the head then dip into the slit, tasting Steve's precum. After a few frustrating minutes of Steve not uttering a sound he raised up with an audible pop of his lips.
"So that arm. It's gonna require surgery. Luckily we were able to save all the connections points I eternally. You had some kind of failsafe behind your heart." Tony tapped his chest.
When Steve filled him a comfortable warmth spread through his whole body.
Bucky's forced smile softened into something more genuine. " 'fraid I'm retired from the whole 'sargent' gig, Rogers." He pushed the bowl of fruit that was the centerpiece of the table in Steve's direction. The ready availability of food was a new thing to Bucky. The abundance, the flavors, the variety. Those things were unheard of when he and Steve were young.
"I mean, and hear me out, you got anything risky? Even if you have thought about it and thrown it out." Tony's eyes widened then narrowed conspiratorially. "Snow white there might appreciate it. In the long run." He tapped the glass with the plate he held.
"Front lines my boy." He snapped the case closed. Steve felt an acute pang of jealousy.  "As a civilian pilot. Should I say anything to Sargent Whats-his-name if I see him?"
"Buc---"
"I can see that."
Steve nearly jumped when Tony looped his arm around his neck, pulling him in close to his side. He kissed Steve's temple saying; "We'll get through this, Cap."
"Jesus, Barnes, you fall?" He asked as he came into the other man's line of sight.
He left the slacks on as he joined Howard on the bed.
His hand left the tree stump and gripped his own aching need. "Hah-hurry, Stevie." He risked groaning out. Steve bit his lip and bucked harder.
"Yes Sargent Barnes."
Y' need to talk to Clint one day bout mind control."
"Sorry, Mr. Stark."
"We finally crash into one another after what, 70 years? And it seems like everyone in the world gets to kiss your ugly mug but me. First that dishy blonde now another Stark?" He smiled, it was a bitter one.
"You're stupid. You keep running from things you want. Maybe even things that'd be good for you!" Tony was on his feet now.
"Peter, I know you're not a kid. You're a friend though." Bucky's expression was grim. "I've experienced enough trauma lately without having to worry about this. Please let me tell Tony?"
"Tony?" Bucky said after a while, his voice was tight.
"I do want him." He stated flatly.
He gripped Steve's hips, --not really having much of a chance of stilling them-- and pushed in deeper, as deep as he could go, pressing his pelvis flush against Steve's ass. Both men moaned in unison with Howard's shallow motions.
Bucky hadn't considered a replacement, hell he was just trying to come to terms with the loss of the limb.  "I don't know." He replied softly. "You've designed one already haven't you?" A smiled pulled the corner of his lips, it felt foreign.
The girder fell, Bucky screamed. His good arm was pinned under it at an odd angle.
"Figure it out, Cap." Tony called out before adding a hasty "love you." As the doors closed.
"When will he be home?"
"You're so frustrating. Kiss me, Cap." Tony still wasn't looking up from his blueprints.
Forty five minutes later Steve left in the elevator.
"Wanna see if we can get me drunk?" He looked at Tony from the corner of his eye. The man's reputation for debauchery, public drunkenness and just drunkenness in general exceeded even Howard's.
"But you are letting me" Steve Rogers ripped another section of the Iron Man suit away, dropping it unceremoniously on the concrete floor of the parking garage they were in.
He appreciated that in spite of the disuse the place was kept dust free. He may not have asthma anymore but he still liked keeping allergens down to a minimum.
He withdrew a damp, hot towel from the specialized drawer and lay down beside Steve.
"How, how, how'd you manage this?" Tony stammered, seeking out a towel for the other man. Why in hell was his heart pounding? He was supposed to be harboring some kind of vague resentment toward this man.
Bucky didn't say anything, just nodded, lightly flexing his fingers.
Tony let his other shoe fall from where he'd tucked it under his arm. "You, didn't do what I think he's insinuating, did you?"
"Funny. Well to make a long story short, Cristal makes my dick limp." He shrugged.
He placed the baton to his temple and it crackled to life again.
Tony stood speechless, half in the Iron Man suit. He looked at Steve incredulously then stared down at his feet. His heart felt like it had settled somewhere in the pit of his stomach.
He pulled out slowly, as his cock softened.
Bucky walked out of the bathroom, eyes puffy and red. It was his hearing Steve shuffling around like the world's lousiest cat burglar that finally drew him out.
"He kissed me." Bucky said tightly. "Yesterday."
"Friday?"
He chanced to look over at Tony who still stood in the doorway. His eyes were narrowed and he had a vicious set to his mouth. "What. The. Fuck! Is going on here?!" Tony demanded again fists clenching at his sides.
"How?"
"I'm still mad at you." Were Tony's first words when Steve entered the workshop.
That's what Bucky's life was wasn't it? A series of Maybe one Days that never came to pass.
"Uh, Mr Stark?"
Music started softly playing. Billie Holiday sang
It took him a minute but Bucky finally plucked up the courage to slide his hand over the end of the stump.
Steve knew the look Bucky was giving him. It was a "here punk, you'd better take this, cause it's good for ya." Look. It made Steve feel strangely cared for even after all these years.
He was seconds away from cumming untouched from cock and muscles alone.
Slowly, slowly he eased himself into the water. The temperature felt different on the severed stump of his leg. The water felt hotter there but not overly so.
for you!"
Tony nodded and made his way to the elevator.
His eyes shot up to meet Tony's he could tell that Steve's touch was all that was grounding the other man to the spot. "Goddamn your old man liked to talk didn't he? Steve here goes into the ice and the first undercover HYDRA agent with a low cut dress to offer him a drink, he goes sappy and spills his whole life story? Pathetic."
Inside was a single VHS tape. No note or anything.
Cap got his answer when Tony wrapped his legs tighter around him drawing him deeper.
He buried his face in one of Cap's pillows and tried to deny he was crying as he drifted off to sleep.
"They afraid I'm gonna off myself like that too?" He furrowed his brow and bit his lip as he began to feel a hot prickle behind eyes.
"Yes." Tony stated softly.
Peter stifled a laugh on the sleeve of his hoodie. He was admittedly a little bit scared of the woman. The only person alive that could properly reign in Tony Stark without so much as raising her voice.
A jolt of pleasure rocketed through Tony's pelvis. His cock was already stirring.
So that was it? It confused Steve no small amount but. . .
Steve shot a glare at Bucky then turned around to face Tony.
. He looked down at his hands folded on top of the blankets. "God no." He breathed, laying back, tears falling freely.
He wasn't done yet however. He tapped Steve's number and selected the option to call. When the voicemail picked up he put it on speaker.
He'd just finished up rinsing the conditioner from his hair when he heard someone knocking on the door of his room.
"You'd be surprised." Tony risked sitting down behind Bucky and pulling the other man back against his chest. He was almost rag doll limp in his arms. "Want me to start?"
"I couldn't find the right time. I couldn't find the words. And, and you know what it was like back then for guys like us." Steve moved to kneel down beside them. "My heart is broken about him."
When Tony awkwardly put his arm around him Bucky couldn't hold back small, choked sobs.
In the few moments of silence that followed while Steve took an assessment of himself, he wondered why he could still hear the phonograph. It had an almost echo like quality.
"Excuse me?" Steve replied, a little embarrassed at the question.
It was with reluctance that Tony nodded and followed them to the waiting car. The Iron Man suit flew away of it's own accord once Tony had stepped out of it, back to the tower.
"Mr Barnes has expressed that his mental state is highly compromised."
Everyone filed out of the Quinjet with Cap in the lead.
"I hear you said quite a lot yesterday."
Cap's nose was broken, that was sure. His lip bled and his eye was blackening.
"H-hey!" Peter protested.
When he was gone Bucky downed the cup full of pills Tony had left on the coffee table.
"It's his leg Tony, let's go home and get him
____________________________________________
"Alone?" Bucky couldn't keep the emotion from his voice, apprehension and sorrow.
"Take your shirt off too Buck." He ordered in a low, reverent tone, deep and husky. His eyes raked over Bucky, followed by his hands sliding over the tops of both thighs. Bucky braced for Steve drawing his hand back before it met metal. He was pleasantly surprised when Steve's hand continued on as if the division wasn't even there. It wasn't at all like the first time he'd flinched away from his cold metallic touch.
Steve grunted but kept his eyes trained on Tony's face. Some of the lesser scrapes and cuts to his face were already healing.
He sank down onto the still-warm cushions Steve had just vacated and stared blankly at the carpet, losing himself in his swirling thoughts, emotions he couldn't sort from one another.
"Shit. Get Banner down there." He said as he washed up.
"It's all in hand, Stevie, all in hand."
Thus Steve pulled on his coat, and left the cramped apartment, his feet taking him to the local high school campus. The trek there was still surreal to him, he didn't have to struggle to see past the crowds anymore. No one pushed him aside to get by, people glanced at him men admiring his physique and women smiling coyly as he passed.
Tony hopped up on a clean spot on one of his workbenches. "Gonna talk to me, Bucky?" He asked, pushing the sound of his nerves out of his voice.
Friday wasn't wrong, there was a full tub of lightly steaming water waiting on him.
"No I think. . . I think he's angry to be alive, Tony."
They held hands in the elevator going up to Bruce's lab.
"You're trying to pull yourself away from your work for me. I'm flattered but I'm fine." Steve stated reassuringly, free hand coming up to rub firm circles over the small of Tony's back. "I'll go read or something, maybe watch some TV. I'll let you know when the food gets here."
"I have a question of my own, indulge me?" Tony's own voice belied his lust.
At the next moan from Stark the kiss turned more urgent, a flurry of teeth on lips, and battling tongues.
He was constantly giving small food gifts to the few people he'd befriended. Steve was no different in that regard. But then again Bucky had always tried keeping Steve healthy, spending money they didn't really have to try to get some nutrition into him.
He edged along the wall and carefully reached out to open the bathroom door.
As Bucky's eyes slipped closed he vaguely made out a blue glow, gold and red.
Tony stepped close, wrapped his arms around him and kissed him deep. It was too slow for how frantic he felt but he needed time to recover.
There's some blood depictions in this chapter
Peter groaned louder than before. "For fucks sake! I'm not a kid." He sounded a bit like one.
"Do you think it's selfish of me, after all this, all this effort everyone put in to have me sitting here today--- do . . . Do you think it's selfish that I just want to die?" He didn't meet Tony's eyes.
It started slow, just barely above anything chaste but Tony's tongue darted out to briefly swipe across Bucky's lips.
Tony looked up at him, he was staring at Tony with tear filled eyes.
Nat was wrong about it taking a month, it had been closer to two.
"Clammed up on me, Rogers?" He couldn't keep the edge out of his voice. He wiped his lips and sat back, regarding Steve curiously. At least Soldier Boy's eyes were half lidded and he was panting. So, he was clearly enjoying himself.
He scrabbled to get his crutch under him as he heard the whine of the device readying itself again.
"Steve I want you. I want you so bad I can feel it in my bones." His voice was a deep whisper as he locked Steve in his gaze.
"Did I?" Bucky's smile was genuine but only tugged up one corner of his mouth. "Sounds right."
His hand was still in Steve's, close to his mouth.
Bucky took his eyes off the man and stared up at the ceiling. "Kinda." His voice was tight. He reached out to Tony. "Panic. Help?" He could barely speak. In truth he was barely present, using voices like a lifeline.
And finally;
"Like it?"
Thus far Peter just watched his friend. But Bucky's face was twitching and and his mouth was moving silently.
The pretty blush spread along his chest again.
"B-bucky came home from some gin joint half drunk out of his mind, no dame on his arm, he hadn't pulled that night. He'd been so frustrated. . ." Steve paused, looking down at Stark, who had likewise paused, only tracing a finger lazily around Steve's nipple. Steve swallowed hard and resumed his story. "He came into my room and practically ripped me out of both bed and my pajamas. I was small back then you'll recall. He kissed me sloppily, I could taste the gin. I couldn't protest, didn't really want to protest. He pulled me out of bed and bent me over it. He took me dry that night and I remember screaming out into the mattress. I came hard, regardless and we curled up in my bed." Steve shifted, mostly to keep Howard from feeling how his cock twitched at the memory.
"Piece of fucking shit." Tony breathed. Steve couldn't tell who it was directed at. Him? Bucky? Howard? Maybe all three.
Another shift of the girder had him screaming as flesh ripped. "Finish it!" He shouted.
Instead of guiding him somewhere, Tony pulled hard on Bucky's arm, startled, Bucky practically fell forward. He braced himself on the table Tony had recently occupied.
It was with reluctance that Tony sidestepped away. "What did you need, Steve? Not just my excellent company?" He did a decent job of keeping his voice level
He looked so lost to Tony. A man adrift as much as Steve Rogers was a man out of time. Bucky didn't have a
Steve stated up at the ceiling. He felt like he'd royally fucked things up.
His fingers grazed Steve's left nipple. Stark stilled, gauging Steve's reaction. "The main tell, though, is;" he whispered when Steve didn't budge, when he felt the dusty pink flesh of Steve's nipple hardening under his fingertip. "You haven't broken my nose and ran out the door yet."
"Why are you here?" The way he said
A little thrill cut through all the emotional anguish twisting in Tony's guts. He wordlessly wiggled himself to Steve's side.
"So, Cap, I have this problem. I think you may be the key to solving it."
"If I didn't know better I'd say you wanna fuck me, Cap." Tony purred into his ear.
Instead of spurring him on it made Steve take pause. "You said you wanna take this slow." He murmured, searching Bucky's lust blown eyes.
Now he was panting, trying to get some of the icy air back into his lungs. He fell forward, and the black clad guard stepped forward, brandishing a stun baton.
"Wanna do this another time?" Bucky sounded like he'd been struck.
Steve could likewise barely see from the smoke. Somewhere in the near distance he could hear Tony putting out the worst of the flames with the retardant foam from his suit. It was comforting knowing he was there.
Again I must apologize with my inconsistency in posting. I've got a lot on my mind with the state of the world.
He was scrabbling backward into the living room.
"You got no idea, doll." Stark replied with a wink.
"I promise."
"He's not stable, Steve. We're doing our best."
The guard snorted a laugh and moved to stand behind him.
Cold.
There were a million and one things that Steve could have wanted to talk to him about. However- Tony thought as he listened to the shower running- there weren't many of them that would require him being called a slut.
There was a jolt of pain. It encompassed his entire body, like electricity.
Tony didn't stay to explain instead turning to go get everything ready for Bucky's surgery.
Tony was still sitting in the dark room when Steve arrived. He was sitting hunched over with his head in his hands, fingers knotted in his hair.
"Explosion. I'm dead."
Just as he was about to disappear inside and lock the door Steve called out to him.
while  everyone around you tried to pull you together.
Peter and Bucky have an outing, Tony shows up.
There was a silence in which Bucky knew she was talking to Bruce.
Another burst of pain had Howard moaning harder.
"You might be a dirty, stubborn slut but I love you." Cap breathed with a slight sigh.
He drew back his arm, ready to punch Steve square in the face. Steve was unsure of Tony's resolve to do it but wasn't surprised when metal connected with his jaw.
"Pad Thai, please, Friday."
Steve looked him over as he passed the apple from palm to palm. "Bucky I--- I" he stammered. Words welled and faded, thoughts crashed into one another like a torrent. He looked over Bucky, sitting there with his metal fingers laced together on the tabletop. He was looking up at him just barely, his head still ducked down.
Peter kept asking questions, since there was nobody there to tell him to back off for once. Well nobody but Bucky and he was always indulgent.
"I want
"Two hours, Captain."
He strode over to her and let himself drop to the rug, his head falling to her lap. "Hello, Mrs Rogers." He breathed in deep, she still smelled the same.
Steve laughed. "You think a rimjob is a 21st century invention?" He spanked Tony's ass one good time, leaving the ghost of a print. "Knees." He requested firmly.
Tony put an arm around Steve, pulling him in, making him rest against his side.
"Well, for starters," he began as he pulled the tail of Steve's shirt from where it was so neatly tucked into his slacks. "I got plenty of pals, but I don't look at a single one of em the way you look at Sargent Whats-his-name." His hands slid under both Steve's button-down and undershirt, fingers exploring the contours of his muscles.
"Don't say that Bucky. Stay with me, you'll be okay." Steve cupped his chin, finding it mostly free of wounds. "Please."
He was unbalanced, he put his hands out to catch himself but only one palm met the slightly wet floor. The stump of his shoulder connected to the floor a second later, sending another jolt of pain through him.
Bucky could hear a voice. It sounded like they were far away, down a long hall, or a tunnel.
Behind Steve, Tony froze, letting his sneaker drop, echoing dully in the empty garage. Tony felt like his heart had dropped to the pit of his stomach.
"Can you tell Bruce to send me meds down. All of them, pain, anxiety, sleeping?"
At least that answer was easy for Steve.
In the days immediately following Dr Erskine's assassination, Steve found it hard to adjust. He had this inkling at the back of his mind that the doc had just survived, he'd have had en easier time, more sage advice.
On the day before he was set to leave on his tour of America, Steve found Stark missing from the sofa.
"Oh." There was apprehension in Steve's voice and Bucky could practically see the expression on his face. Eyebrows knit, lip between his teeth. "I'm actually so relieved I thought I was gonna have to risk cornering him again." There was a tense laugh from Steve.
"You're so damn beautiful." Steve breathed he shifted Bucky so his legs were parted wide. He settled between them and began kissing up his inner thigh. He didn't shy from scars or anything. His lips likewise devoured the metal like the rest of his flesh. Bucky gasped out little moans as the attention continued.
"And you never told him?" Tony was looking at Bucky's eyes, pulling the lids up seeing the way his pupils were blown.
Tony came down on him with a punch that would have likely knocked out someone who hadn't been conditioned like Bucky.
"O-oh and the arm, Tony..I can feel so many things. I felt the soap bubbles! Individual strands of hair- I. . ." He rubbed his short stubble then excitedly, sort of without thinking reached out and rubbed his hands over Tony's neatly trimmed beard and up into his hair. "A-all of that. . ." His excitement seemed to fade away when he realized what he'd done-- invading personal space, Tony's personal space. He'd just always been so tactile, wanting to touch everything, feel everything.
"The voicemail." Steve confirmed with a nod.
Bucky let his head fall back onto the pillow with a bitter laugh.
Bucky hesitated only a beat before he nodded. "Lots of little things. Maybe you can help me with that?"
Howard didn't have to worry because it was the feeling of all that filling him up coupled with the hard twitches of Howard's cock inside the finally sent him over the edge.
Sam couldn't see anything through the thick, black smoke and all the dust that was still settling. Every time he tried flying through it he couldn't breathe and his eyes burned and watered in spite of his goggles. He felt very impotent presently but he kept up his search trying to pick over everything, looking for any sign of Barnes. A glint of metal arm, anything.
"Cap if you cry I'm gonna punch you, and if I have to get up and punch you, it means I have to stop working on Snow White's arm."
Tony cried out and dropped his torso to the bed when he felt the tip of Steve's tongue trace the cleft of his ass. "Fucking Christ" he gasped.
"I thought it was going to take another month to complete the leg but I was looking at your scans; there are enough viable anchoring points that it should be easy. We'll just run a few leads into the muscle, a few sensors, build off your existing bone and--"
Shrapnel riddled Bucky's body, especially the left side, probably shards of the arm--- turned into a claymore by the I-beam--- for the most part. His left leg was entirely missing from just above the knee, torn, ragged and freely bleeding. Steve didn't see the limb anywhere. The hardest part to look at was the right arm. He'd obviously taken a splash of the fuel to that arm, the resulting fire had burnt the flesh and muscle right down to the bone. Instead of charred and crisp it looked wet, sticky like it had melted more so than burnt. A shard of metal, probably part of the fuel tank was wedged between the bones of his forearm, splitting it all the way down his hand, which was barely hanging together in two sections.
____________________________________________
He was back on Zola's table, strapped down.
"Company!" Tony called out.
"It was in Erskine's notes that you might experience something like this. Come on." Stark slung his arm up and around Steve's shoulder, forcing Steve to kind of stoop over as he was lead away.
He pulled away and searched Steve's eyes. "He's down another arm because of me."
Steve instinctively wrapped them around him. God those muscles, so beautiful sculpted, powerful--- A work of art.
"For some reason I wasn't picturing girls." The smile was back-- slight but back.
"God, I used to hate you." Tony rambled at a breakneck, the tell that Steve had picked up on, indicating that Stark's nerves were acting up. "The way dad used to talk about you. Like you were some fucking god he'd made."
He had that look Steve recognized as him wanting to run, cover up his feelings, his emotions,
Steve.
When he needed to breathe he slowly rose up, drawing in a breath.
His plans quickly fell apart once they got started. Steve was on a hairtrigger after so long without.
Banner nodded. "I'm gonna leave for just a second but I
"You really were the last memory I held onto, Steve. The very last one."
"Yeah. Yeah. . . I read the museum piece, I watched interviews and documentaries. Poor broken hearted Steve Rogers. Lost his best friend. Just a sickly kid from Brooklyn who lost it all, a man out of time." He ran his hands back through his ass-length hair.
"I don't remember mine either." The kids sad, small voice broke Bucky's heart. "Did you have any brothers or sisters?"
"You could probably crush me with these gams, Steve. Try not to." The smaller of the two men leaned up and kissed slightly shaking lips. Howard wondered if the shaking was from nerves or anticipation.
The first real sound of pain was torn from him. A ragged tortured scream.
Tony raised to his hands and knees. "Full disclosure, I think I could cum from you just talking dirty. Lawful good asshole."
Also sorry it's been so long since I updated this.
It was when he found an old oval picture frame that he finally paused to actually look at something closely. There were two smiling boys in the photo, it was faded but gilded with light like everything else.
"That's Sargent to you, Stark." He chuckled, sliding the shirt over his head.
"Eight thirty in the morning."
He let himself linger at the window a while longer, musing over how strange it was that the apartment looked almost untouched.
in 1945."
Bucky smiled sadly at him and pulled him under his arm. "It's okay, kid." He stated even though he felt anything but okay.
Bucky managed to yelp out as he was given another finger. "Stevie!"
"I hate admitting that you're a good man, Tony." Bucky reached out with his one hand and pat Tony's own. "Nothing like your father."
"I'll help you with anything you need, Buck." He stated with the self same conviction that Steve gave to justice and goodness and righteousness.
"I'll have to do some thinking. You know I love you, Tony."
He dressed quickly and pocketed the key.
As he screamed the room tilted again, swirling sickeningly til he was sure he'd vomit again.
"I am on the side of the little broken man! The Bucky man!"
"You lost
"Love me?" He scoffed.
Steve grabbed his shield and began running towards the smoking wreckage.
"Sam said a fuel truck exploded, half a building went down, he can't get eyes on. . . On Bucky." His breath hitched in his throat, it felt like asthma, but Tony's hand on his shoulder brought him back from it. "Go, I'll get in the air. We'll find him"
He wore it frequently to work out or sleep.
"Funny. No, I've been thinking . . . Maybe
"Wha-?"
Thor easily maneuvered through the lab, coming to stop before a mostly equipment-free metal table. He placed Bucky on this table in a sitting position then hopped up beside him.
"We can't tell Tony this happened." He hissed at the pain.
He could faintly hear Steve when Tony answered. "Doll? I'm free for whatever you were talking about last night."
"Bucky I . . . I couldn't lose you." Steve hung his head, focusing on not squeezing Bucky's hand too hard.
"Still with me Buck?" Steve asked, trying to push the sound of his tears out of his voice.
"C-can you just call me Bucky?" He lay back on the cushions, looking up at the ceiling.
"O-oh God." Bucky groaned, covering his face with both hands as Steve repeated the action, sliding his hot, wet tongue from base to tip.
His eyes sat unfocused on the syrup dripping from his French toast.
The repulsor whined and Bucky closed his eyes. His hand stayed firm on Tony's, his head turned into his palm.
Tony, trying not to let the implications of what he'd just done wash over him, let out a nervous laugh. "Side effect. It won't go away." Was his vague explanation.
"Tony!"
He dragged his fingers back through Steve's hair. "Tire me out, Cap." He breathed, leaning in to kiss the other man.
"Wait til Bruce gets mad and The Other Guy decides he wants to come out again"
He settled back, putting his hands behind his head. He must have dozed off at some point because Friday's voice had him jumping out of a dream he couldn't quite recall, the images fleeting. "Wh-what was that, Friday?"
He followed the van around the building and inside.
"Cold?" Steve asked, feeling the smooth metal.
"Been with Tony already today, Buck?" There was a dark, rich tone to his voice now, lust getting the better of him.
Is that what all those tiny pieces were for?
He hopped back into bed and grabbed his phone. He undid his pants and let his cock spring free. He snapped an upshot of himself and sent it to Steve without hesitation.
His feelings about Tony were solid and very namable.
"I guess I'm going to have to talk to Stevie, huh?" Bucky asked after a while. "Sort this out."
"Come eat, dearest." Steve had that commanding in-the-bedroom-only tone in his voice. The tone that made Tony weak in the knees.
"I know you can."
Bucky didn't meet Steve's eyes. "This how you wage a war, Stevie? Huh. Hitler didn't stand a chance." He said with a mirthless laugh
"Look, Stevie. You see this hand? You're holdin' it and I don't feel any pain. Anywhere. As long as you're holding it, this hand might as well be all that I am. I guess you never got that. You never got that I needed you maybe more that you needed me." He knew he was rambling, knew he should shut up. With a dismissive sigh he wrenched his hand free and laid it on his lap. "Go away Steve. I'm tired."
Steve leaned down and gripped Bucky's chin, tilting his head back. Tears were still streaming down Steve's face.
"If I'm being honest with myself? Yeah. But I'm rarely honest with myself so. . . Yeah it's one of my laundry list of character flaws." Tony's hand lightly touched Bucky's hip his eyes searched the other man's.
Bucky's gaze snapped up to meet Tony's.
When they parted, both men were flushed and panting, lips glistening and kiss-swollen.
"Do you remember putting your icy feet between my legs in bed?" Steve asked almost smiling at the memory.
"You got a trail of blood a mile wide spreading out behind you too? You have nightmares about torture and wake up in the night remembering faces you can't even put names to?"
Tony's hand shook as he gripped Bucky's chin, tilting his head back. He slowly pressed his lips to Bucky's.
"Then say it, Tony. Say; 'I want your cock, Captain.'" he ran his fingertips along one of Tony's inner thighs making the smaller man's eyelids flutter closed momentarily.
Morning dawned on Steve sitting up at his desk asleep. He was fully kitted out in his uniform with his shield on his back.
"There see. You're doing fine. Good work on your breathing." A straw was offered to Bucky.
Steve pumped him until he whimpered in pain and pulled away. He let Stark fall on his side, panting and flushed.
A low moan was drawn from Bucky.  "Fuck. Yes" he let his head fall back against the window. "I was."
Bucky was fucked up, probably needed psych, probably needed meds to counteract the hell his mind was.
This time he knew what to expect and slowly sipped, letting the cool-but-not-quite-cold drink soothe his parched throat.
"I don't have to let you do this you know." He's speaking a little too fast now, especially since he can now feel the crisp German air on his neck.
He shed his clothes as he walked to the bathroom, he'd deal with the mess later.
"Sure, Buck."
Steve jumped for a second time when he looked to his left to see Jarvis standing there holding a cloche.
When he and Tony were finally alone in the back of Tony's limo Steve let out a deep breath.
Other hand? Oh! That's right. Bucky remembered now.
"Mr. Stark! Aunt May called and---- woah." Peter burst into the room and Tony jerked away from Bucky.
"I said no. Please respect that, Tony. I know something's not right here. Don't. . . " He sighed and closed his eyes, letting his head fall back on the couch. "Don't break my heart worse than it already is. I've been nursing a wound in it the size of Brooklyn ever since I knew about Steve and Agent Carter. Don't add to that, please."
His hand stopped inches from Steve's own--- the one without an apple in a death grip.
"I'll go so long as they still got hotdogs."
"I'm on my way, Sam. Bucky if you can hear me, I'm on my way."
"Am?"
When he finally came it was likely the most intense orgasm he'd ever had. He practically screamed out his release ("oh my god! Fuck! Tony!") his vision blinked out as a thick flood if milky white cum splashed slick and sticky over the abdomen of the man leaning against him.
"Then. . . " Tony's mouth went dry, what was he doing? He'd raised up from the bed and was staring down into Bucky's eyes. "Then I guess we gotta make it even, eh Snow White?"
He was just the remains of the day. He stepped back, looking at the damage in his reflection on the glass.
"Don't give me that righteous, Dom-Top, Captain America voice when I feel like such shit." Tony flopped himself down and covered his head with one of Steve's pillows.
"I'll leave the details to you!" Bucky cut him off, looking a little pale. "I trust you and Dr. Banner."
He pulled off with a slick pop and gave Tony a taste of his own medicine, shoving a cum-coated tongue into his mouth.
goddamn years ago?! You are putting
"Yes Sargent Barnes?"
Howard found it hard to relax. He put his hands on Steve's shoulders and just made soft sounds as Steve kissed him. He didn't exactly understand what Steve was playing at but if he kept up--- acting sweet, talking about meaning-- Howard knew the drop would be so bad that he'd not be able to get out of bed.
Peter had reached out and grasped the newest metallic appendage. "I'm sorry, Bucky." Fuck, did the kid have tears in his eyes?
"And him?"
"Don't stop." He croaked out. "More, harder."
He felt vulnerable, raw, he'd not woken up quite enough to have put up his usual cocky and brash persona. To put up his walls. When Steve's finger pushed against him he gasped. "St--stop. Steve." He reached back and gripped Steve's arm, stilling him.
Bucky nodded almost imperceptibly.
"In the elevator?"
His mouth went dry and he found himself groaning as well as Steve's squirming made his cock rub against his insides.
"Bath." Steve replied, carrying him across the hall.
Sarah Rogers shook her head, still smiling. "Oh James, you took such good care of my boy. Don't worry about him. You deserve some rest don't you?"
I wasn't my father, I wasn't some
Both men cried out their release without restraining any sound they made. There were no subtle grunts from Steve, it was with a wanton, wavering moan that he filled the keening Tony Stark.
The leg looked good, better than the stump. It was exactly in proportion and only a bit heavier that his natural one. He could feel it as well as he could feel his metal arm--- arms.
Steve was ghost pale and didn't realize how much his knees were shaking til he'd been forced to take a seat.
Sighing deeply he dragged himself along the floor and retrieved the crutch. There was enough strength in his arms especially the metal one and his good leg that he could lift himself up.
____________________________________________
Steve rubbed his aching knuckles. "He's an idiot. I love him. I always have."
Tony was using the kid as a buffer and Steve knew it.
Just one more thing for Tony to feel guilty about, maybe even have nightmares about.
Over the past few days, Steve had tried countless times to gain access to Bucky's room. He'd abandoned the apartment on favor of the tiny room in Bruce's lab.
After a slightly uncomfortable silence Tony asked. "Should we not have done that? I mean I enjoyed it."
"Cause you're an asshole?"
This was the longest, most stable relationship he'd ever been in. He could make compromises, couldn't he?
When Steve came he leaned in and bit Bucky's shoulder, stifling the cry he let out.   "Oh my God, Bucky." He breathed, holding his hips flush to Bucky's ass, unwilling to pull from the heat of his body just yet.
"Yeah, about Stevie. . . I'm sorry. I feel like I push too hard with him. I feel like I forced his hand the day he kissed me." Regret was bubbling up in his guts.
On his best days he was held together by tenuous fibers that linked the present to his past. Being back in New York grounded him more than he could even know. Doing normal things, take a bath, eat a sandwich, read.
Present day
"The only thing that's really been missing these past years has been my Sargent." Steve dramatically sighed. "Kinda hard out there without my best guy watching my six."
"I should go, Snow White. Breakfast in the morning? Like 12:45?"
"Touché. Well, Buckaroo is free to have your little sit down." Tony spoke into the phone, ignoring Buck's sudden deer-in-the-headlights look.
Tony nodded, and shakily started to bounce himself on Steve's cock.
"So once in Venice, I had the privilege to be in the presence of not one but
understood the limitless bounds of his nervous energy. How tearing himself away from activity and forcing himself into stillness made both mind and body practically scream.
"Probl- problem?" Tony was glad he was wearing sunglasses because his eyes raked over Bucky as he sat in the tub with nothing but a thin washcloth barely covering his junk.
"I still am."
He'd left New York a charmer, easy to smile, easy to hum a tune under his breath. He'd left New York fresh faced and beautiful and they'd torn him apart. Torn him down to what he had become.
He had to smile to himself though as he glanced around the empty place.
"Friday, tell Tony I'm coming down." He strode to the elevator and slumped against the back wall.
Steve curled into the smaller man and Tony held him tight.
Cap collapsed on top of Tony, panting and kissing him repeatedly.
through that pain. Steve might be emotionally stupid but he loves you!"
"See you in the morning Bruce! What time? 2? 3 pm?"
No future they ever dreamed up was as strange as the one they lived in. And God, Bucky wished he could go back in time and really live out a life. Go back and not become the Winter Soldier. Not become a weapon, a cold blooded killer.
"No, no." Bruce corrected. "The other hand."
"I'm here?" It was a broken little sob.
"It's true though." He stated defiantly. "You're ashamed of what we did."
"Who?"
Steve found it was supple, pert, feminine. His suits hid it well.
"Hmm, no." Stark hummed. "But I'm not done with you yet."
Steve nodded, if that was the way they had to be then that was the way.  He took one of those metal hands in his own and brought it to his lips. "Tony said you can feel these like real flesh?"
____________________________________________
Tony grinned, claiming his lips once more.
"Language." Steve purred, sliding his hand over the jawline of the suit. There was a slight hiss as he pulled the faceplate free. "We're not talking about Howard, are we."
Somehow Bucky was able to roll from bed just as the beam obliterated the headboard.
Howard desired nothing more than to hear more of those moans. He bucked his hips, the sound of their heavy breathing, moans, and bare flesh connecting.
"Coney Island?" Steve quirked a brow. "It's winter."
He scraped his plate off into the trash and tossed it into the sink, ignoring the sound of it breaking.
Didn't he make that perfectly clear?
____________________________________________
"Breathe, Tony." He commanded hoarsely. When Tony didn't, he popped his hips, forcing a gasp. "I said breathe."
He groaned in pain, gritting his teeth, his memories threatened to steal him away again but he forced them down, he had to stay present.
When he heard what was undoubtedly a sob from the bedroom he sighed.
"How do you feel about that, James?" She tilted his chin up so he could see her face.
"This is a strange place." Bucky shook his head, amused at the whole situation.
His eyes widened, locked with the man's.
Tony wrapped his legs around Steve's waist. He found it eased the angle and let him move easier.
Bucky's head snapped to the side as Tony punched him again.
"Open." Steve instructed firmly and Tony let him feed him the bite.  He chewed slowly, keeping his eyes on Steve.
"Highly compromised?"  He slowly extracted himself from bed, careful so as not to wake Steve and padded to the bathroom.
Bucky's face fell and his look became sullen and he couldn't meet Tony's eye. "Kid's hurt." He grumbled.
He didn't exactly
"I did sleep actually. Thank you for asking. So how do you fancy brunch instead of lunch? Maybe a guest?"
After a tense moment Tony let it go and leaned his full weight on Steve.
Peter was also curled up on the seat, though the major difference was that his head was on Tony's knee while Tony carded his fingers through his hair.
"Just take it easy until the shoulder heals. Don't wanna go ripping anything." Tony instantly regretted his words as Bucky paled. "Get some rest, Buck. I'll come check up on you in the morning."
Eventually Bucky's hands found the headboard. It never stood a chance, though it was supposed to be sturdy according to Tony.
"Knew!"
Two long months in deep cover somewhere in the South Pacific. They'd busted a human trafficking ring wide open. It was good work, work that needed doing. But
"I think you are. The man in that tape, and me. We
Bucky fell to his knee for the fourth time that day. A crutch clattered off to the side, skidding just out of his reach.
"What, like you fucking me so Steve can watch?!" Bucky crowded into his space.
"Knock knock." Tony didn't actually knock.
Bucky looked around, his eyes just not quite adjusting no matter how much he blinked.
"Human golden retriever? Thor. Hes kinda in a league of his own in the "living oddities housed in Avengers Tower" department . . . He's not even from this planet."
told me about Howard.
Bucky suddenly realized what he'd said, what he said he'd do.  He groaned now. "Fine, Pete." He sighed standing to help Peter up.
And he was good with Petey, and that was important to Tony.
"Want a bath?" He asked, leaning forward. "Or do you wanna neck a little first?"
"Inside?" Steve grunted and Bucky nodded immediately.
Sargent Whats-his-name.
Tony didn't have a small dick by any means but Bucky was able to press his lips to Tony's pelvis each time. Looking down at Barnes was intoxicating. His eyes hooded, pupils blown with lust, lips reddened from their work.
"You know," Bucky began, pretending to focus more on his metallic arm than on Steve, flexing his fingers and turning his hand over as if inspecting his nonexistent fingernails."I liked ya before you were so easy on the eyes."
Bucky nodded, still coming down. "Decidedly."
It felt like something gripped Tony's heart, it felt like back when he had the reactor and something would disturb it.
With Steve beneath him, insides clenching around him, Stark felt his denied release building. He grabbed Rogers' cock, and pumped him hard, knowing he wasn't going to last much longer.
And then he was gone.
Bucky nodded "it was supposed to kick my arm into autopilot if I was ever to be mortally wounded in the field." He mimed putting a gun to his head and pulling a trigger.
"Last night. You asked me to kiss you like what we'd done meant something. Doesn't it?"
Steve's hips were flush to his ass, moving with eager purpose. He'd never even
"Steve, you don't get it. I've told you everything and you still don't get it. I loved you. I loved you and I was never what or who you needed. I was a friend you fucked but you were my world. You were what I held onto until I broke. You were my very. Last. Memory." Servos whirred in protest as he tried to free his hand. "Its kinda a slap in the face to see you setting up housekeeping with a man after playing straight for Peggy Carter for so long."
Angst.
It didn't look good for Bucky. He was decidedly naked, though the sheet was wrapped several times around him.
Steve claimed his lips as he filled him, moaning raggedly  into his mouth.
back in the 30s, Stevie." He chuckled as he was carried to the bedroom.
"Not for a long, long while."
I'll linger on." He raised their intertwined hands up.
Peter was his half assed excuse for not seeing Steve this very morning.
"Are you mad, Stevie, mad that I survived? Mad that I'm this thing now? Mad that I want more for myself?" He was shoved into the wall. "Know what else, Tony deserves better. Quit thinking with your dick, Steve."
Steve sidestepped Tony and went to sit back on the couch. His mind was racing as fast as his heart. What did he feel? It was a lot whatever it was.
Tony wasn't there, he was holed up in his workshop.
The scrape would be gone in a matter of hours if not less but, the blood at present was enough to warrant a bandage.
The Memory Suppressing Machine. He could feel the rough hands of his handler Colonel Karpov, making him sit still, making him behave.
"Stay for pancakes?" Bucky asked when they parted.
His waist was gripped hard, Steve pressed his hips to his ass, grinding his hardness against him. Howard whimpered, pushing back against him.
"Mh. And I saw you on that tape. You were just so cold and. . . And efficient. It was so hard to disconnect who you are from who you were. The only thing I could think about was how gentle you seem, how I was somehow being fooled."
Shit.
The car door closed behind them as Steve got out.
Tony's form was curled in the sheets, though Steve could tell he was awake.
"He loved you too, James." Her voice was so reassuring to him.
That's all this was, calm down soldier.
He'd waited so long for something like this with Barnes. He let his moans slip freely.
Tony was having a hard time with this. This man was the reason he and Steve were at odds once again. And yet he was really an innocent party. After all, it wasn't him who kissed Steve.
Tony felt the blunt tip of Steve's cock press between his cheeks, still slick from the other man's saliva.
"I'm not much of a conversationalist."
Howard sighed deeply, letting his head drop to Steve's shoulder. "Slower." He resigned, though he was still unsteady, still unsure.
Steve wanted to put his hand on Bucky but he couldn't find a spot that wouldn't cause the man pain. "Shh, shh, Bucky, I know that now. It wasn't safe for us back then, how many people got sent away or killed for being a fairy? It's okay. Don't try to talk, help is coming. Stay with me."
"Were you two in love?" He shifted so he could look up at Bucky.
"Good boy. Now, do you think you need your pants either? You don't need pants to have dinner, right?"
And yet, Stark knew just when to let up to deny Steve's building release.
"Three p.m."
. You're
"Break a leg, Stevie. That's what theater folks say right?"
"You can touch me, you know." Stark cooed, pecking Steve on the lips again.
"Can I order you some takeout, sir? Security can bring it up."
He let the techs and security team do their job unloading. . . Unloading the box, staying out of their way. When they went to the service elevator however, Steve followed them up. They didn't even have to say anything or touch any buttons, it was like the elevator knew where they needed to go.
"And you know what else Stevie?" He strode forward, Steve braced himself to take a punch but all Bucky did was repeatedly bang the tips of his first two fingers against his helmet where his temple was. "Think! You
Tony felt Steve's seed flood his insides, hot and quite a lot if he could judge by the feeling.
"Please! Yes! More, Stevie! Oh fuck!"
The ride the rest of the way back was tense.
Bucky and The Soldier. Those two entities swirled in his head like oil and water. He remembered too much and too little and it threatened to tear him apart.
"You know I do." He breathed.
Steve smirked and nipped Bucky's ear. "That's what they tell me." He purred deeply as he pressed his hips to Bucky's with intent. Bucky gasped at feeling the hot press of Steve's rigid cock through the soft sweats the man wore.
Pass after pass over the area turned up nothing. He breathed a sigh of relief when he saw Cap running through the debris.
"Glad I thought of this. You can see everything without drawing a crowd." He said as Bucky lead them back toward the waiting car.
"You know, I've been thinking about how
Thor turned back to Bucky and began unhooking various cords that monitored-- well, Bucky wasn't really sure what they monitored. "Come see what they've made for you. Help me argue."
Bucky moved back a safe distance from both Cap and Tony.
Steve did, suddenly yearning for the feeling of hot water on his skin. He felt sticky regardless of Howard's hot towel last night.
"How do I fix this?" Tony sounded hopelessly lost.
"Don't think you're up for it."
Bucky was drifting in and out of the present and his time in Zola's clutches.
With three pills in him, Bucky was soon back into a dreamless sleep, looking peaceful.
Steve looked up at the gleaming appendage. A little well of sorrow began to fill within his core. He'd never kiss Bucky's fingers again. He'd never feel them again. He'd never watch the way they turned bright red in the wintertime-- the way Steve would warm them with his own breath. That was one of the first barely intimate things he'd ever done in regards to Bucky. Holding his hands to his lips and breathing hot on them.
"Like, I'm not being a little kid about it or anything. I just thought Tony would remember, since he wasn't off fighting to save the world. But I guess he didn't remember and I mean, it's cool, but stings a little I guess." Peter was babbling and Bucky told him so.
you're telling me I'm going to have to go up there, right?" He was already pulling on pajama pants that didn't belong to him.
He couldn't understand the words but he did grasp one out of the jumble.
"Sometimes excruciatingly." His hand went instinctively to his shoulder.
"More than a year eh? Fuckin bootleg serum." Bucky tried joking but it sounded more like he was holding in tears.
Tony nodded wordlessly and focused on breathing. He'd had Steve before but he never remembered feeling this painfully full. Then again, it had been a while.
tender, he had to admit that. Maybe his friend hadn't done as good a job as he'd thought.
This chapter contains graphic depictions of torture, PTSD symptoms, blood and injury.
Is there an MCU discord server?
Tony sat up with a start. "Why the sudden change?"
All he received from Tony was an exasperated groan in response.
His tone left Steve wondering if he was serious about the necking.
"No." Friday responded immediately.
"Left?" Well that explained why he hadn't been back with books like he'd promised.
There was some of the fighting Brooklyn kid Bucky had first met.
Bucky eyed him hungrily, devouring the lines of his body. Buck had never really gotten the chance to
He took a quick shower, and dressed in a casual outfit, slacks and a button down.
"I swear, Tony. You're a mess." He chided, cutting a tiny bite of the meat off himself. When he swiped the morsel through the sauce on his chest Tony let out a whimper.
He coughed a bit and Bruce rubbed his back. "Slowly." He encouraged and offered the straw to Bucky again.
He moved away and sank down onto the sofa. "I thought I had something incredible here. I thought there was a possiblity here. Tony's amazing by the way. I honestly do understand how you fell for him." The fire was leaving Bucky as the strong pills took effect, he pulled his feet up and curled in on himself, burying his face in a throw pillow. "Go away. I can't stand looking at your stupid beautiful mug any more, Stevie. It all hurts. It all hurts too much."
Steve sat back, dropping it, putting his hands up.
"It's not. It's not gonna give me anything but another body to bury. And you're just gonna be another Stark statistic one more on my bodycount.  A pathetic tally on the list of people who made it personal and I had to deal with. You're gonna lose me Steve. But I don't care."
"I saw the change in you, Buck." Steve stated solemnly. "I thought we could pull you through it. We didn't have words for all the shit that happens to a guy out on the front back then like we do now. I'm sorry Bucky. The worst thing that ever happened to me was losing you "
"Same reason you couldn't. Think about it Steve." Bucky was on his feet now, having silently risen. He crossed to Steve's side of the table and ran his hands, cold and heavy back through Steve's hair. "I'm sure our emotions have been mirrored since we were twelve."
He never did any of those things. Even after he was free of Hydra's grasp, he wasn't really free. Who was Bucky Barnes? A ghost, just like The Winter Soldier, Bucky Barnes was also a ghost.
Steve was forced to laugh. "You wouldn't punch me." He rubbed his eyes with the heel of his palm.
They'd almost gotten into a fist fight but somehow they'd ended up frantically making out on the floor.
"I'll wait for him here, if you don't care, Mrs Rogers?"
"Does Steve know? Does he know it was you?"
A meek looking, disheveled man came into his view. He looked kind, there were the start of lines at the corners of his eyes.
"Oh shit, sorry. I mean I have you a small apartment set up one floor down." Tony's hand was rubbing his chest again.
"If you were my kid I'd fight the whole goddamn world for you." Bucky mused as he let himself settle back against his pillows.
"T-tony I--"
Stark's tongue slid over the sensitive flesh, making Steve's toes curl.
Bucky found himself being pushed against the window, Tony's mouth on his, both unyielding metal wrists trapped in Tony's warm hands.
"I thought all those girls. . . But you. . . You--"
Steve's brow furrowed, and he decided to seek the man out.
"James~" the voice was sing-song as it pulled him from the edge of sleep. "James Buchanan Barnes~"
The baton ran under his chin lifting his head. He knew the man was looking into his eyes but he couldn't see anything through that ugly helmet he wore.
Tony gasped into Steve's mouth when his hand slid under his shirt, ghosting up his spine. It made his heart race that Cap remembered that he liked that.
Bucky reached out and ran his metal knuckle over Tony's cheekbone. "Water torture? I'm sorry."
The far more experienced man reached out and ran his fingers through Steve's hair, it was just as soft as he'd imagined. "I'm going to enjoy this." He whispered to himself as he moved in closer. His lips touched Steve's neck, just below the ear, then lightly entrapped the earlobe. "I'm going to enjoy this so much." He purred deep and sensuous, giving Steve goosebumps. This time it was teeth that grazed Steve's earlobe and the man let out a soft, involuntary moan.
There was an odd bit of numbness as he moved his hand.
"Fuck you Steve Rogers, I know they're there, ghosts of him. Obie told me more often than not. Why do you think I was a (barely) functional alcoholic by the time I was seventeen?"
So now the gangly kid sat on top of Bucky's dresser, watching him sleep. Not that he was trying to be creepy or anything.
"You know Steve left?" He began, not looking directly at Bucky.
He began lightly working his hand over Steve and leaned in close to his ear so he could nip and kiss at it.
"Zip it, Petey."
Bucky nodded. "I know."
"Mr Stark." Steve tried sounding cordial in spite of his surprise. He took Howard's proffered hand and shook it. "I didn't --"
"Steve. He had a . . . A mark, a kiss mark." Bucky tapped his own neck, just below his ear. "That means it was very fresh. They don't last long with the serum. Little bruises like that. He didn't have any right to kiss me."
"Flashback?" Tony's hand was still providing reassuring pressure.
for you. I let you half kill me  and you. . . I fought
"You!"
. He sent me chocolates. Do you remember me feeding them to you Stevie, out there in the snow?"
"Hm?"
Stark, was shaking and trying to compose himself. His post coital self was a bit mushy at the seams. He pulled his softening cock out of Steve and reached for the night stand. When the drawer opened there was a cloud of steam rising.
"Yeah but that was a Captain America strength dose."
now he recalled Steve trying to cook for them after Sarah died. The way Steve could fix a hem and darn a sock. The way he looked when they sat on rooftops and talked about the future.
"What about me?" Tony asked grimly. "Where do I fit in?"
Howard's eyes flew open and he tensed when Steve slid a finger between his cheeks, not penetrating, just teasing the tightly puckered flesh. "Mhh." Howard whined.
"Hey, hey, you don't have to talk about it, Snow White. Just breathe, that's a thing you can do yeah?" His voice was calm and Bucky tried his damnedest to focus on it.
"We have something to discuss." He peeled the covers away from Tony's face and leaned down to whisper in his ear. "I want you to ponder exactly what it might be while I take a shower, little slut."
Steve let his hand drop. "Don't talk about her." He said in a warning tone.
"Tony I need to tell you something." Bucky called after him but Tony waved him off, his mind kicking into work mode.
He let his eyes wander here too. Old, thin mattress on a squeaky frame. A pile of couch cushions lay beside it, blankets tangled together. The windows were tightly closed in here, they had to be right?
"Does he know what happened?"
He couldn't say that he did.
"Good."
When Peter pulled back he made a face. "See? Didn't feel anything.  Did you? Ugh, It was like kissing Aunt May." He shuddered.
Another moment of silence passed.
Tony stepped over Steve, then dropped down on his knees, sitting on Steve's hips, pinning him to the ground.
They both cried out their release simultaneously. Thick spurt after thick spurt of cum filled Stark. He rocked back on him, milking him until the last tremors of release subsided.
"A good or bad kinda on your mind?" Tony leaned up on his elbow, a playful smile on his face. He looked like a gossiping girl at a sleepover.
He hears a huff of breath,
'And did you tell him he could be as involved as he wants?' Pepper asks leadingly.
How does he find this man attractive?
'Cereal... I can manage cereal,' Tony mutters and pours a bowl of lucky charms.
'Oh?' Tony acts surprised. 'Well, you're bunking with me, of course, as we raise our scientifically generated family together,' he grins teasingly.
'I need yellow for the head,' Pete tells him.
‘Thanks for the entirely uncalled for addendum there,’ Tony doesn’t really sound irritated.
Tony finds himself scooped into a tight hug,
'When they get here with my suit can you bring it through to your room?' Tony asks.
'What did you do?' he demands.
'Right,' Tony stares at him. 'We're not ok though, are we?'
'And then Cap?'
(See the end of the chapter for
'Come on, Pete, time to meet an alien.'
Pepper can't help but laugh,
'It is not sir's fault that he doesn't trust you, Captain,' Jarvis retorts loyally.
This is why Jarvis is his favourite.
'It's up to me to protect my son from having a parent who isn't interested,' Tony retorts.
I have never been that drunk.’
Is it terrible that Steve’s hoping that he can manage this new first meeting with Tony without pissing him off?
'Too simple,' Tony smirks.
How did he just eat five muffins without noticing?
'Jarvis?' he whispers as he peaks from under the covers.
Clint is grinning,
The boy just stares at him and then fidgets on Steve's lap as he sits down.
Pete pushes some paper towards him and looks up shyly,
'Ugh,' Tony shrugs on a dress shirt. 'I made a document that outlines my plans but I'm not sending the full details to them ahead of time. You can have the lot though, if you want. Jarvis, forward Pepper the blueprints for the antenna array, the new formula for StarkWheat and my speech for the conference on the Avengers.'
Could they maybe catch a break? Could this please be nothing more than something wonderful?
He knows he's smiling goofily,
'I know,' he sighs.
*                                  *                                  *
'I don't want another one,' Pete replies quietly.
'Oh, like they didn't know where this was headed,' the last of Tony's words is drowned out by a roar from behind them and the sounds of a scuffle.
Peter finally flings the last of the cars across the floor and scrambles off after them.
'Yeah, sure it will Tones,' Rhodey rolls his eyes. 'Jarvis, order us some chinese?'
'Huh,' Tony scoops up his son and then glances around as if he's expecting to find a table. 'Right. I've not needed one. Good morning, Pete.'
'I offered before,' Tony looks disgruntled, 'she said a room was fine.'
Pete giggles and settles against his chest instead of immediately starting to poke him again. He hugs his son close and presses a kiss to the boy's hair.
'Alright,' Steve agrees and shifts Pete in his arms until he isn't being stabbed. 'Tony, are you coming?'
He dreads the first time he forgets to pay attention to his son.
'You alright, big guy?' Tony turns to ask Hulk.
'Hey, he's my stupid genius friend too! I'll see you tomorrow.'
'They have his surname,' Jarvis points out. 'Besides, I suspect sir intended to honour those whose names he gave to his children. And he is not a fan of the name Anthony.'
Tony has slipped passed him and is running back down the path towards Hulk.
'Sir has reached the conference room,' Jarvis adds.
'Yes,' she replies shortly. 'I pushed the drunk away before Bruce turned.'
Tony sways on his feet and then turns to look at him,
'Can I have sprinkles?' Clint asks.
Pete lifts his head from Tony's chest to look out across the room, Tony smirks and throws up a peace sign as the room explodes with noise and camera flashes.
'Is the kid mine?' Tony leans into Bruce's side.
'I'm going mad,' Tony finally admits.
'Do we have ice?' Tony asks as he walks to the bar.
'Tony?' he tenses again.
'What the hell are you doing with my son?!'
Pete hands the apple over wordlessly.
'Ok,' Pete gazes up at him.
'Cap is Dada?' Pete looks confused as he looks between them.
'Steve,' she agrees. 'I need you to tell me what you want from Tony.'
Tony's hand snaps out the grasp at the wall,
‘I don’t understand,’ Steve forces himself to stay calm, ‘you can’t be saying what I think you’re saying.’
'I love you,' the soldier tells him stubbornly.
‘Of course,’ Steve agrees, and suddenly realises he trusts Howard’s son, who he has barely even met, more than the organisation who revived him and set him back up in this world.
'Tasha...?' Steve asks quietly and gets a hum in response. 'Why does everyone think I'd hurt him?'
*          *          *
'I'll go,' he looks up to see Steve looking devastated.
Steve presses a kiss to the boy's forehead and scoops up his blanket from the floor,
He steps into Tony's room to find Pete sprawled on his father's back,
When Tony wakes up he makes his way automatically to the nearest coffee machine. He doesn't really notice that he's in his workshop until he's most of his way through a third mug of coffee. He looks around blearily.
Steve cannot think of a single thing to say to that.
'You're going to lie.'
'No,' Bruce agrees, 'but as far as I know you haven't actually given any of the people Natasha has suggested a chance.'
'Nothing wrong with mixing business and pleasure,' Tony suggests with a smile. 'At least they'd understand what you do.'
'Thanks Jarvis,' he readjusts his ear bud unnecessarily. 'Natasha?'
Did she actually just flutter her eyelashes?
(See the end of the chapter for
'Bye babydoll,' the phone cuts off before Steve can object to Tony's excessive use of pet-names.
He shakes his head. He's Captain America; his team needs him.
They get ice creams and walk along window shopping. Clint and Pete seem equally attracted to shiny things.
'An Iron Man action figure?' Steve grins back.
'Wait,' Tony pulls back a little further, 'did you say 'more crazy than we already knew'? That's... that's... Cap, you're supposed to be on my side!'
'Cap!' Pete beams up at him.
'You authorised? Not Fury?'
'I will, of course, help him in any way I can,' the AI continues, 'but may I make a request of you, Captain?'
'Of course, sir,' the TV descends from the ceiling. 'Would Tangled meet with your approval?'
'Yeah! Dada put little cameras on my helmet,' Pete points at his head.
On the screen he sees Tony grin at his tablet before starting to type,
Steve hears from Jarvis that Tony's holding some sort of impromptu press conference downstairs just before Pete wakes up.
*                                  *                                  *
What does that say about Steve's capabilities as a leader and as a boyfriend that Tony thinks he would withhold something this important?
'Hulk SMASH!' Hulk agrees.
'We're in the kitchen,' Steve finally whimpers.
Tony stands up, still cradling his son, and takes a hesitant step towards Steve,
The workshop readings are thrown at him,
‘Can you tell me?’
'Red or blue?' she comes out to find him wearing a shirt and holding two ties.
'Arrival expected in three minutes,' Jarvis adds as Tony steps around Rhodey.
'Goodnight, sir,' Jarvis replies quietly and turns off the light.
And then an unknown voice from off screen,
Tony laughs,
Pepper seems to be constantly doing something. Mostly that something involves at least two computer tablets and probably a conversation through her headset. It can anything from a list groceries for JARVIS to a full blown six way video conference with Tony’s board of directors.
'Anthony Edward Stark,' he reports with another sniff, 'of Stark Industries.'
Hope you enjoyed it despite the wait :-)
'You've forgiven Stark then?'
Tony laughs and gets up to refill his glass,
'Well, sure,' Steve nods, 'if you feel that you need to.
'Jay, I didn't make you to play matchmaker.'
Steve realises, while he's out shopping, that he's been staring intently through a shop window at an unsuspecting used car for a good five minutes while he tries to decide if what they did means he's lost his virginity.
Steve's touches are nervous, fleeting and gentle, but they're still Steve. He pulls the soldier into a kiss under the spray and massages his scalp as he sucks on his tongue. Hands rub down his back and onto his arse but then flinch back up as if Steve honestly expects him to be upset.
'So he'll have the relationship with the boy but not any of the responsibility,' Bruce shakes his head with a smile. 'Tony, that's an interesting line your morals are letting you walk.'
Clint huffs and starts building something that looks like it's probably a plane. This offering does at least entertain Pete when Clint starts waving it around and making engine noises.
'Господи, дай мне сил совладать с идиотами,' that didn't sound complimentary. 'Try not to do anything stupid until I get back.'
'Which project is this then?' Steve asks.
'I like milk,' Pete tells him. 'Dada likes coffee.'
‘Busy work,’ Tony replies without opening his eyes. ‘Had to get stuff done; I’ve been neglecting my company.’
Tony is never this still.
The workshop readings are thrown at him,
He hears a gasp to his right and turns his head in time to see his son dash across the stage to join him behind his podium. Pete wraps his arms around his leg and clings. Across the stage Steve is standing two strides out of cover with one hand uselessly outstretched.
The gates to the driveway have been left open, so he doesn't have an excuse to pause and take in the sight in front of him. Instead he takes in the expanse of the building as it rises up to fill his vision.
‘I’m sorry,’ Steve says again and clenches his hands into fists.
'It's alright,' Tony cuts in, 'he can't unsheathe it.'
'Yeah,' he lies and tries to smile.
Rhodey nods,
'Ok.'
'Alright,' Tony concedes, 'but I don't see why that's on me.'
‘No, thank you,’ Steve takes a tentative sip and reminds himself never to ask how much this stuff cost that Tony drinks like water.
‘Wait…’ Tony half reaches out his hand, a look of concentration on his face.
'Made some spending money in a casino, bought a new yacht, finalised the details for my surgery...' Tony adds as he finishes off two mugs of coffee. 'Steve! I have to show you something. Is there anything else, Ms Potts?'
'Is he ok?' he asks again, quietly.
Rhodey just shakes his head before refocusing on the two of them.
Tony's eyes flash fire as his gazes fixes on him,
‘Of course not,’ Steve agrees readily.
‘You have the top floors,’ Steve tells him. ‘Then it’s your labs and workrooms and then the floors for the rest of us.’
'I know that
Now if you're in the UK, like me, it's definitely time for bed
'I arrived on my jet,' Tony shrugs and tucks his sunglasses into his pocket. 'I can get lots of things done on that jet.'
'You and I are speaking privately, Captain.'
'Life saver,' Tony mutters. 'Come on, kid, up and at 'em.'
‘I think I probably shouldn’t drink that right now,’ Tony pats the bot and downs some water before step back to Steve’s side. ‘Are we ok?’
Pete continues to cry loudly as Tony rocks him,
'Genius, remember?'
No, he tells himself, if Tony can take four days to tell him, then he is at least due the same.
She laughs,
'I'll get some of the floor up and deploy it.'
Tony just smiles and pets Steve's hair when the blonde pulls back from the kiss looking a little flushed.
Tony makes a note that that question was somehow a Good Thing.
Tony has plenty enough brain power to be constantly over thinking this situation.
'Upgrades, huh?'
‘Can I not call you unless something’s wrong?’
Tony clearly doesn't look convinced as she continues,
'Really, Natasha? Over breakfast?' Steve groans.
'You've been shot and you're worried about us?' Steve rolls his eyes.
He cuts himself off as he watches Dummy drop a piece of toast, run over it, scoop it back into the plate and then present it to him.
'Ah, yes,' his AI replies, 'nothing says I'm sorry I didn't tell you you're about to become a father like baked goods.'
'Yeah, well, you're biased; I'm one of the few people who knows about you,' Tony stands up and heads to his room.
'You sure you want this with me?' Tony looks up from hovering over his groin.
'He's a Stark,' he lands and glances at Steve before looking back at the drill in his hands. 'I should have sent Jarvis with you.'
'Who else knows?' she sighs.
‘I have, Captain,’ Jarvis informs him as Tony makes pleased sounding noises over a blueprint. ‘There is no physical damage to sir’s brain. However there is a signal comparable to readings I have previously detected around magic users.’
There's conversation now though. If it can be called a conversation when Tony does more than ninety percent of the talking.
'We lost Pete!' he hisses desperately down the phone. 'Jarvis, bring up all the cameras covering the exits and the surrounding streets. Can you access the cameras inside?'
'Alright,' Steve grins.
'You support charities in her name?'
They walk through a room containing only portraits and through another set of large double doors into what can only be a ballroom.
'Alright,' Pepper seems to relax, 'but why is he there?'
'Alright,' Steve nods decisively.
Time to go home.
'Proximity,' Natasha smiles sweetly.
Steve freezes.
'I know you do,' Steve's heart can't take this. 'By the time you wake up your Dada should be back, ok?'
~Teri
Tony's wearing his normal work clothes with the Iron Man boots. He's standing with a box of what Steve assumes must be the grain-of-rice sized sensors for Jarvis in one hand and the drill he had been using hanging from a wrist strap.
They arrive at a store front with the familiar Stark logo over the door. There's a closed sign on the door and all the glass is tinted white like Tony's workshop when he doesn't want to be disturbed. Clint knocks twice and a young man opens the door and ushers them in.
'He seems oblivious to Captain Rogers' attentions,' the AI adds.
He just pulls the other man against him and deepens the kiss. He never really would have expected the rasp of a beard against his skin to be so welcome.
'No,' Pepper scowls, 'Tony...'
'And if he doesn't?' Tony swallows back the last of whatever it was Dummy had blended for him. 'If he never forgives me?'
Steve realises he's clutching Tony too tightly when the genius grumbles against his shoulder. Steve loosens his grip and rubs his partner's back rhythmically.
*                                  *                                  *
'What do I tell Pete?'
‘Have you spoken to anyone?’ Steve blurts. ‘They have… people who can help at SHIELD.’
‘I didn’t argue with him, like I do with you,’ Steve decides this is as good a time as any to clear this all from his conscience, ‘but he always saw me as something to be outfitted… Something to be sent on a job and you’ve always treated me as… as a man. We, Howard and I, weren’t close and I… You’re amazing, Tony, I know people tell you that all the time but I don’t mean for the… genius thing, though that really is something… You’re doing all this because… because you should. Because it’s right, but it’s not something that really affects you. If you wanted you could stay right at the top of society and just run your company and no one would think anything of it but you…’
Hulk makes a frustrated noise and crushes the toaster with one hand.
'I'm on my way,' he gestures for his suit. 'Do not go anywhere.'
‘As always, your wellbeing is my primary concern,’ Jarvis tells him dryly.
'When's he due?'
'So that makes this ok?'
'You're sweet,' Pepper smiles at him.
'It's a fine plan, Tony,' Steve smiles at him. 'Though, of course, hopefully we'll never have to test the plan.'
'We shall blow up that bridge when we come to it,' Tony claps him on the back.
'Hear that Pete?' he can hear Tony's grin in his tone. 'Cap has an idea for an upgrade!'
No, maybe the piece covering the Grande Prix when he finally made time to go again?
*                                  *                                  *
‘You’re ok?’ Steve asks. ‘No more of the poison?’
Tony is suddenly between him and Pete, and two gun turrets have descended from the ceiling to aim at him.
'I flirt with you.'
'Captain Rogers it is,' Jarvis agrees.
'How would you help, if you were here?' he sends.
'What is it doing?' Tony glares at the generator.
'Yeah,' he laughs suddenly, 'yeah, Tony, you did good.'
'No, no,' Tony waves a hand and Jarvis brings up the data in question in a graph and overlays it with indications of usage and power preservation, 'it's all explained. It's designed to match power requirements which reduce over night; I admittedly didn't expect it to drop quite so low, but I guess Stark Tower stays busier over night than you do.'
Dummy has no such training and smacks Steve in the face as he turns to his master.
'Really?'
'I didn't program him that way,' Tony shrugs. 'The original Jarvis was English, of course, but they never met.'
‘Progress is being made, sir,’ Jarvis reports.
'Donations in US dollars only,' he grins.
'I'm a ninety year old virgin,' Steve speaks through his violent blush. 'And you're... everything I could want.'
Steve thinks he's still lying.
That should be, as best as I can tell, the Russian for 'Give me the strength to cope with idiots.'
Tony pads along after him, just wearing some loose pants, as he gets Pete dressed and pours him a beaker of milk. He's getting the ingredients together for French toast as Tony slumps next to the coffee machine and refills his mug.
'Here,' Tony holds it out to him, 'so you can hear Jarvis.'
'I'm going to come and get you, baby boy,' Dada promises, 'everything will be fine.'
'Remind me to remind you to tell Steve,' she pats his arm as she moves away to the coffee machine.
'She can choose a favourite,' Pete offers generously. 'As long as it's not one of my favourites because they're all mine really.'
'We? You mean the bots as well?'
'Take a look,' she gestures to the TV as Pete scrambles out of his arms to go to his toys, 'the press are loving this.'
'You've looked up my sex tapes?' Tony sounds inordinately amused.
'What?'
'It is not yours either,' the AI adds after a small pause. 'If sir were to add another person to the very small list of those he trusts, it would undoubtedly be you.'
'Jarvis, call Pepper.’
Tony owns a mansion that he inherited from his father but hasn't spent enough time there to even install his best friend?
Steve tries, and mostly fails, not to feel jealous.
His feels himself slump to the side as oxygen deprivation finally catches up with him. He doesn't fall far; Steve supports him even as he makes a wounded noise in his throat.
'Jim,' Tony drags a hand through his hair. 'He's yours.'
'Is that coffee?' Tony peers out at him.
'You're impossible.'
Steve cradles his face in both hands to catch him in a kiss. They drop to Tony's hips when they both need to gulp in more air.
'What are you going to do?'
Tony just shrugs; he looks to be caught in his memories.
'You cry out wordlessly as you come. You buck into my tight fist and your come splatters between us.
'Thanks, I will.'
'I shall add a tally mark to the existing note, sir,' Jarvis replies.
'Cap's going to be a Daddy,' Tony corrects before shooting him a look, 'or a different name if he wants?'
After eating Tony does seem a little more human. Steve is now hoping that if Tony notices him staring at his chest he'll assume he's looking at the arc reactor.
'Comfy?' he presses a kiss to the blonde hair.
‘Don’t you dare!’ comes loud and clear over the comm. from Clint, ‘I’ve heard people get their shoulders set and I do not need that right now!’
He tries to keep his gaze from slipping to Tony's bare chest.
'Sure you are,' Steve shakes his head and dishes up the first batch of pancakes. 'Just eat your food.'
Steve feels himself blush,
'It's Cap,' Steve smiles down at him. 'Your Dada's just telling the world how amazing he is; he'll be back soon.'
'Don't worry about it,' Steve tells him. 'Eat your eggs.'
'What?' he stares back.
'I do,' the AI replies. 'I can only beg your forgiveness, Captain. I did only what I thought was right.'
'Tony?' Steve sounds worried.
'Aren't you sweet.'
'You have time to come out here and meet him?'
I'm not loving this chapter, which is probably why it took me so long to past it... Hopefully the next will be better, and come quicker!
'Steve,' Steve corrects and then falls silent again.
'Dada,' something is patting his face.
'Already did,' Tony shrugs. 'Jarvis, what says 'sorry I fucked up telling you about how I fucked up by not telling you about our son'?'
'Mmm,' Tony hums and keeps fiddling with whatever he's working on.
Steve's phone vibrates a moment later.
'Sap,' Tony smiles and the line cuts off.
Pepper nods,
Pete just stares at him.
His eyes fly open as he rears back.
'God you're so domestic,' Tony reappears and slumps onto the sofa. 'I'm totally keeping you.'
Tony grins and kisses him.
'You have work to do,' Steve shrugs, 'and I've already completely invaded your morning.'
His son.
Tony swallows and smiles as Steve lifts his gaze,
‘What?' Rhodey doesn't sound impressed.
‘Who the hell are you people?’ Tony adds then spots Natasha. ‘Oh, you I know. You’re still fired.’
'It was... I was ok then?' Steve asks quietly a few minutes later.
'Is Cap not allowed to come?' Pete's lip quivers.
'Oh,' he blinks at her in surprise, 'ma'am, that's...' It's still not really ok. 'You're Tony's friend; I understand why you'd keep his secrets.'
He had come downstairs to find Tony working hard and Jarvis reading Pete a story. It had taken more courage than it should have to call up to Tony and suggest Pete might like to leave the Mansion for a while.
'Sounds like you're high maintenance.'
‘Because if the virus eats through to the reactor I won’t be able to overload it,’ Tony keeps his eyes on the reactor.
'Is he ok, Jarvis? I mean with everything that's happened to him in the last week, is there more I can do?'
'Ok...' another pause. 'Right, sorry everyone, important Avenger business; I'll be back in a few.'
'Barely,' he complains as he sits down. 'Jarvis, when Pepper wakes up tell her I have the flu.'
Tony is the life of the party and clearly enjoys himself immeasurably.
'Yes, sir,' it's Jarvis that replies. 'It will arrive on the day in question.'
Can there be a more glorious sight than Captain America sprawled naked, and aroused, on your bed and gazing up at you?
'Hey,' he calls softly as he ducks down to look behind some machinery. Sure enough there's a small boy, maybe three or four years old, curled up in the tiny gap. 'Hey, it's alright now. You're safe.'
'I hate it when things don't make sense, Jay,' he stretches.
‘It’s fine,’ Steve chokes out against his neck, not lifting his head.
~Teri
'Jarvis,' Pepper laughs, 'please don't ever let Steve know you told me that.'
'Sir was not ready for you to know.'
'I'll leave you to it.'
'Pete didn't seem keen on waiting before coming to find you.'
Steve shrugs a shoulder,
'I... Yeah, thanks Tony.'
Steve doesn’t avoid Tony after that, but they don’t speak often. He spends time in the workshop, like he used to, and he’s certain Tony’s more aware of his presence than he used to be, but Tony doesn’t acknowledge him.
‘Tony, what’s going on?’
‘You know,’ Tony looks up into the Hulk’s face, ‘I was honestly expecting this to happen a lot more quickly.’
'What. The. Fuck.' Clint is as eloquent as ever.
Steve fastens his towel around his hips and gets a grip on Tony's to pull him closer,
'Perhaps,' Thor nods. 'Which of these may Lady Jane play with?'
‘So the Avenger thing actually worked then?’
'Tony trusts maybe four people in the world, and one of those is an AI,' Bruce points out.
He knows Steve isn't going to chase Tony to hand anything over to SHIELD.
'So he's fighting bad guys?' all he has to do is lie and say yes.
Steve feels there must be alarm bells going off somewhere. Loud ones that have spinning flashing lights and signal some form of apocalypse because Tony Stark
'Not on purpose!' Steve objects. 'I was looking at how... how this sort of thing works but I forgot I'd asked Jarvis to refer me to direct me to pages with references to Stark when relevant so it...'
Steve is quiet as he stews over the emotional dump Tony has just unloaded on him.
It doesn't help him with the crushing warm glow of feeling in his chest whenever he looks at Tony.
Oh, right, he made Steve agree to make him breakfast all week.
'Alright, come on, genius,' Steve walks with him out of the suite.
'Reassuring,' Steve laughs, 'thanks.'
'Anyway,' Tony cocks his head, 'cheers for mostly looking after Pete.'
'Please.'
Clint and Natasha have settled into the pilot's and co-pilot's seats respectively and closed the door between them and the back compartment. Tony has removed the rest of the suit and coaxed Steve into taking off his cowl and gloves. Steve lies down on one of the bench seats, Tony somehow wedges himself in beside him and wraps an arm around his waist. Steve hugs him close and concentrates on listening to him breathing in and out.
*          *          *
Tony suppresses his flinch.
The trip home passes in something of a haze.
'Cheers,' he clinks their glasses together as he sits down next to Steve.
Steve buries his face in Tony's neck and wraps his arms around his waist. Tony arches up into him and their bodies are flush together. Steve clutches him a little tighter.
‘I have,’ Steve admits reluctantly.
Clint grimaces,
It’s then that Steve notices there are wires hanging from Tony’s chest and attaching to something under the desk. On the desk are two arc reactors; one is flicking on and off and has clearly been pushed to the side, the other is glowing solidly. It’s the second one that Tony’s fiddling with.
'No,' Pete scoffs, 'I'm Captain Stark. That's better because I can be like you and Cap at the same time!'
He feels dishonest.
‘Jarvis…’ Tony slumps with a relieved sigh.
Steve smiles at him adoringly.
Tony's eyes flick quickly from Pete to Steve and then back to his tablet,
Pete makes a horrified noise through his food.
'Yes, Barton can come too,' Tony doesn't exactly sound delighted.
'Didn't sleep well,' Tony shrugs a shoulder and doesn't look at him.
'SHIELD are on the way to clean up,' Natasha tells them. They've moved to the clearer end of the lab and away from the bodies.
'Productive afternoon?' he asks as his other team mates become more involved with the building project.
‘What, Captain?’
(See the end of the chapter for
He pushes back his cowl and runs his fingers through his hair in an attempt to look a little more normal.
'Or a clone of someone else,' Tony shrugs. 'We don't know for sure that they don't have anyone one else's DNA. That's where you come in.'
'Tony...' he follows helplessly as Tony crosses to put his son onto a couch at the side of the room.
'Cap will be there,' he confirms with a smirk. 'He scrubs up nice.'
‘Please,’ he whispers against Tony’s lips.
'In the foyer, sir, ready to be put in the lift at my signal. I shall have an ultrasound style image placed in an envelope and attached to the basket.'
'He already loves Pete!' Rhodey interrupts. 'The only one the room today keeping a closer eye on that child was Jarvis!'
There's a soft knock on the door before Steve pokes his head in.
'Dada, are you angry?' Pete gets off his bike and goes to hold Tony's hand.
Dummy manages to bring him a plate of toast and only drops, and runs over, one of the pieces. Tony eats it all anyway.
Pete leans back in his arms and pats his chest,
'Bye bye, Dada,' Pete gazes after him.
'Ah, coffee!' Thor beams, 'I am most fond of this beverage.'
'Why wouldn't you tell me?' Steve stares at him.
It happens when he manages to confuse himself while using his Stark Phone. He tries for a while to figure it out himself, but as he’s really nervous to touch the thing in case he makes it worse that is clearly not happening.
*          *          *
Pepper smiles at him across her tablet where she's sitting at a new round dining table,
'Upgrades can only be worked on and tested in the workshop!' Steve calls back.
'I'll put it over here so it can dry,' Steve lifts the wet paper carefully.
'Tony told me,' Steve glances around the café to make sure no one can hear him. 'About Jim.'
'You are smiling.'
'I know that,' Tony rolls his eyes.
'Hmm...' Tony waves a hand dismissively as he pours over the new data. 'Jay, let's get the data side by side.'
'Was that factoring in Pepper and Rhodey?'
‘Why?’ Pete asks.
Tony opts for pressing a kiss to Steve's lips over some awkward expression of his feelings. Thankfully Steve is a god among men and not only allows this blatant avoidance behavior but encourages it by pulling Tony tight against him.
'Do I need to?' he challenges. 'I have the suit.'
'Yeah, we could do that,' Tony sounds distracted. 'Micro-repulsors in each corner on both sides...'
'Tony...' Rhodey looks pained.
'You still have this shit memorised?' Tony interrupts with something resembling a smile.
Tony barks out a sudden laugh,
'Ok...' he closes his eyes.
Steve forces his hand back to his side,
‘No, Captain,’ the AI responds.
‘Captain America?’ Tony stares at him. ‘How the fuck much did I have to drink?’
'Luck?' he laughs.
'No, thank you, Mr Stark,' she beams at Tony as he grabs Steve's hand and tugs until he follows him to the lift.
'What do you want to eat?'
'You're here and we're both wet and naked,' he tells Steve. 'There is nothing bad about this situation.'
'What happened?' she repeats as she runs her fingers through his hair.
Steve takes a step back and raises his hands,
'We searched for him,' Jarvis replies promptly. 'We searched using every remotely accessible computer on the planet for any sign of him. That we did not start our search within our own servers is an oversight we would never repeat.'
'K...' he settles back against the arc reactor.
'As I said, we're a team.'
'Jarvis,' Tony adds, 'transfer twenty thousand dollars to Mister Clarke as a bonus.'
'She's an important part of what you do?'
He walks over to his partner, gets between him and the kitchen table, and straddles his lap. He's kissing Steve before the bigger man can object.
He stops visiting Tony’s workshop though. And avoids the family room in the early hours of the morning when Tony tends to emerge.
'Not that Bruce,' Tony replies. 'Jarvis, what is your surveillance there?'
'Sir, I am not certain you could access the network without us noticing.'
'It's an adjustment though,' Tony can feel his arguments slipping away from him. 'He can bond with Pete first and then with Jim...'
'Right,' Steve smiles and watches as Pete follows after the car, dragging his blanket behind him.
'Yeah?' Pete brightens. 'So Cap will come back?'
And to think.
'Pepper?'
'Good night, sir, sleep well.'
The door opens a crack and attracts their attention. Pete peaks inside,
'He's three,' Steve objects, but does as he's told.
'These are your pants,' he tells Steve.
'Good morning, Mr Stark,' Pepper smiles at him as she brings a suit out of the closet and lays it on the bed by Steve's feet.
'Sir,' one of Tony's suits walks in carrying a small box, 'your delivery has arrived.'
Fingers crossed.
'Tony, Steve doesn't need that much money.'
'How could he...?' Steve looks up, 'how can he think that I'd...? Jarvis, aren't we friends?'
'Steve?'
'We could do that,' he considers it. 'Jarvis, run that past Pepper when she wakes up.'
He sheds his clothes as he crosses the room and slips into the bed. Steve is curled on his side with an arm half reached towards Tony's side of the bed. Tony presses his back against Steve's chest and tugs Steve's arm around his waist.
'Are you eating?' Tony suddenly flicks his entire attention to Steve.
'Yes,' Tony grins back, 'no need to sound so funky surprised.'
‘I would assume so,’ the face plate flicks up and Tony looks up at him; his pupils are dilated to different extents making him look stoned. ‘Hey, Cap.’
‘Alright, it’s a date,’ Tony smirks at him. ‘Lead on, Captain!’
Steve can live with that; they’ve known each other a really long time.
Steve takes the scoldings with an ‘aww shucks’ (Tony’s description) expression on his face but standing straight and tall. Tony smirks, deflects and dodges before escaping back to his bots.
'A little after midnight. Go to sleep.'
Tony’s eyebrows definitely rise at that and he takes a gulp of his drink as he watches Steve.
The bag crashes across the floor spilling its contents.
There we go; second chapter of the night :-)
'Hey, pumpkin,' he flashes up a grin. 'What do you need?'
*                                  *                                  *
'Does he not like kids?' Pepper's still not looking happy.
'Pancakes?' Steve offers.
'Ms Potts is collecting Colonel Rhodes from the airport,' Jarvis reports.
'Kids like Hawkeye,' Steve objects.
'His charm takes him a long way,' Steve replies and then contemplates biting off his own tongue.
'Hey!' Clint snaps before softening his voice. 'I think there's a kid back here.'
'And a half,' Pete adds quietly but Tony doesn't seem to notice.
!! SPOILERS for Iron Man 3 !!
'Yes. And Tony hasn't told him because he doesn't want Steve to feel like he's trapped into looking after a child with Tony that neither of them planned for.'
'Daaaaaadaaaaa....' Pete whines.
'He didn't bring you back for any slumber parties then?' he grins.
Steve heads to the gym after Natasha and Bruce finish their pancakes. Clint hadn't yet surfaced when he left, but that isn't overly unusual.
sounds more… something.
Steve's heart breaks,
Tony shrugs and moves away to a table scattered with several tablets, Tony's phone and several pieces of the Iron Man suit that presumably donated its feet to Tony's current venture. Tony pushes a couple of things around before turning and returning to him holding an ear bud,
'Oh, no,' he declines as he enters the kitchen. He opens the refrigerator and finds a plate of food with his name on, 'has Pepper spoken to Tony?'
'Yes?' Tony just looks confused. 'No?'
At least he's on the side away from where all the alcohol is stored.
'You know it's your job to clean him?' Rhodey is fighting a laugh.
'It occurs to me that you're strong enough that I could ride you against the shower wall...' Tony says, and then wraps his fist around both their cocks and starts pumping.
'Implying that you'll forgive me?' he receives a crooked smile.
'Welcome back, Master Stark,' Alfred steps to the side. 'Will Captain Rogers be joining you?'
Tony is a sudden flurry of motion as he grabs Steve's wrist as he shakes his head rapidly,
Steve comes apart beneath him with a cry of 'Tony!'. Steve's erratic movements, and the sight of him, are enough to push Tony over the edge to join him.
'Not quite,' Tony shrugs his shoulders. 'I'm ordering food in. What do you want?'
Pepper's gaze sharpens.
Playing swords is even more brilliant than Pete had hoped, even though it makes his arm hurt.
Tony swivels on the island to face him; he looks tired, but happy,
'Dada.'
'Can you ask if I can go up to see him?' Steve rubs himself down and finds some pants.
'But if you're right...'
'Yeah,' Steve smiles, 'shall we watch a film and... and go to bed?'
'I still have a lot of work to do,' Tony looks down at the tweaks he's been making. 'You think I can take him to the workshop, let him play with Dummy and You?'
'I can,' Jarvis confirms, 'but I believe you like Prince Thor and Agent Barton?'
'Shouldn't work that way,' Tony disagrees.
They draw apart, a little, from the others as they walk,
‘This must be a big problem, Cap, for you to be bringing the problem to the CEO.’
By the time he's finished eating Pete's eyelids are starting to droop.
Tony wraps one arm around Steve's shoulders as his other hand tangles into the soldier's hair. Steve kisses back enthusiastically and puts both his hands to Tony's lower back; he tugs him further up his lap.
It’s hard to argue with that.
‘Certainly, sir.’
'Thanks,' Tony hesitates for a moment before reaching to take his son. As soon as Pete is transferred Tony turns and walks away.
*          *          *
'Do you want me to let you down?' he asks when Pete is quiet again.
He feels Steve huff a brief laugh and figures that, for now, he's managed to retrieve the situation.
'Eventually. If you apologise.'
'Yes, Tony, I feel that living in a tower controlled by an AI who's your best friend is a really sensible way of obtaining blackmail material.'
'Jarvis has compete integration,' he reassures the soldier as Steve steps away from him.
‘What…?’ Steve starts to ask just as Clint shouts ‘Nooooo!’ a little melodramatically as Tony retracts the suit from his bad arm then holds onto it with his left gauntlet. There’s a truly horrible crunching sound which Steve hopes wasn’t loud enough to broadcast over the comm. as sometimes Fury likes them to listen back over this in debriefings.
'Sure,' he looks over to where Steve is giving him a look he can't decipher, 'sounds like a plan.'
'And it was up to you to make that decision?'
'Tony thinks you'll be a bad match because of
'Jarvis, stop ratting me out,' Rhodey laughs. 'Hey, Pepper. How's the mad house?'
'What muffin basket?' Pepper groans.
'Hey, baby,' Tony smiles his first genuine smile since he walked into the room.
'Of course, sir.'
'You've got your sword and your blanky,' Tony adds, 'and you know Jarvis can always find me, ok?'
'Yeah, but I never actually call him James,' Tony screws up his face.
'You're meant to be relaxing,' Steve sighs.
'Sir is upstairs in the east library,' Jarvis reports. 'Would you like directions?'
'That's fair,' Bruce sips his tea.
'But what about Pete?'
He is very much consumed by the thought that Tony might not still be there when he gets back.
'Well, you can't be brilliant at everything,' Steve tells him with a grin.
'Thursday.'
‘Tony?’ Steve stares after him.
'Ok,' a small nose is pressed against his neck.
'Of course,' Steve tells him. 'Whenever you want just call and I'll bring it down to your workshop. '
'I win!' Tony crows.
‘How far have you got?’ Tony staggers to his feet and brings the generator over with him.
'So, you just enjoy crashing into things?' he grins.
'Yeah, well, I am awesome,' he smiles back. 'It'll be good to be back. I'll tell the brass that I have a Stark situation to deal with; they'll give me three weeks, no questions asked.'
'I'm sorry. Especially for the guns. Jarvis, fuck, stand down. I appreciate it, buddy, but let's not shoot him, ok?'
'Where's Pepper?' he asks as Tony drinks.
What Tony does not ever do is turn up to debriefings.
'Hey, Tony.'
''I'll be back in a couple of days,' Tony slips a hand under Steve's chin and tips his head back to claim a kiss.
'I do what?' Tony's fixing one of the cuffs on his shirt, which isn't buttoned all the way, with a tie hanging loosely around his neck.
Seeing Tony without the arc reactor in his chest is still surprising. The genius strides across the room to join him in the bed and immediately presses a kiss to Steve's lips. Steve tugs him closer until their lying pressed together.
Who knew someone could look so terribly crushed while trying to smile?
Sorry; I was on holiday..
'I still think it's cheating,' Steve smiles.
'Yeah,' Steve fidgets awkwardly. 'Are you alright, Tony?'
'Sir,' Jarvis' voice makes Steve wake with a jolt, 'Ms Potts is climbing the stairs.'
'What the hell is that thing...?'
'No!' Pepper can't stop herself rolling her eyes.
‘Don’t do that,’ Tony instructs calmly while Steve resumes clinging to the armour.
'You haven't exactly included me so far,' Steve retorts.
‘Stark!’ Natasha snaps then actually recoils a little when Hulk’s head swings towards her and his nostrils flare.
'And then you nearly shot him?' Rhodey presses.
'One floorboard,' he grabs the crowbar up from the floor and spins it in his hand.
Clint is here because Tony would never have let Pete out without a second Avenger to watch him.
'I sorted myself out,' Tony cuts himself off. 'Enjoy the afterglow, babe.'
Steve smiles affectionately,
The faceplate of the suit slams down and there’s silence for a few minutes as they all stare, the it slides back up and Tony’s scowling,
'I really do need to work,' he tells him between kisses. 'I would much rather bend you over this table and have my way with you, but you deserve better than a quick fuck and I need to try and get this sorted before six tomorrow morning. Or I at least need to understand it. Sorry, sweetheart.'
'It sounds pretty similar to me.'
'You knew where I was if it was important,' Tony points out.
‘Electric shock,’ Natasha is handling this surprisingly well considering what happened the last time this happened unexpectedly. ‘From the toaster.’
'How the hell are you single, Cap?' Tony blurts from his seat on the sofa.
'Tony,' Steve turns and pulls him into a kiss. 'Tony...'
His boyfriend is a complete slut for arse play.
'I want Dada,' Pete nuzzles his face into Steve's neck.
Well, that's something.
Please let Pete be ok...
'That is who Peter chose,' Jarvis replies blandly.
'Thank you,' Steve has carefully sat as close to the arm of the sofa as he can.
'Woah, Dummy, back up; what's that reading?'
‘Hey,’ he reaches over to cup the side of Pete’s face, ‘I’ll be visiting all the time. I promise.’
'Traitor,' Tony shakes his head. 'You is now my favourite.'
The phone looks a little like Dada's phone.
'Feed me.'
He stands still and looks through all the people.
'I'm not so interested in California's numbers as Florida's,' Tony replies. 'I want to know why they're behind.'
‘Can’t,’ Tony disagrees. ‘The virus is already in this reactor.’
Tony has bought everything from the paints and brushes to a plastic sheet to protect the table. Steve smiles as the first thing Pete does is pull the top off of all the different colours and dip a different finger in each one. He presses each finger to the paper.
He is just going to have to speak to Tony...
‘Tony, if you rejected him he probably doesn't want anything to do with you right now,' he can see his friend is leaving his room.
'I don't know how but whatever I've just made must have wiped some memories or given me some false ones or fucking something,' Tony grumbles and gets up. 'Steve, sorry, I need to go and fix this. I'll see you later.'
'Steve,' he latches himself blindly to the warm thing and it hugs him back.
'I'd always welcome a wake up call from you,' Tony smirks at him.
'Good,' Steve's voice is normal but he's blushing.
'Did your Dada tell you that?' Steve didn't realise it was possible to feel worse.
'We are friends...' Tony knows he doesn't exactly sound convinced. 'But this isn't...'
'Not our secret to tell,' Fury shrugs and flicks a hand. 'And it's mostly guesswork on my part.'
'Playing the odds,' he shrugs. 'And the risk to the team and to my boys if we break up isn’t...'
'I was going to say respect me after,' Steve blushes harder.
He wraps a towel round his hips and lets the steam escape into the bedroom.
'You and the Captain,' he corrects.
'Don't turn down my music,' he complains.
'There was an image of Jim with the muffin basket?' Tony tries.
'I said don't tell me,' Tony sits up enough to drink his coffee.
'You should get some more sleep,' Steve tells him even as he steps closer with the clear intention of catching him if he falls.
Steve hears her first open his bedroom door and then the door to the bathroom. He can hear cascading water and muffled voices and then the door closes and Pepper reappears,
‘Well, good morning Ms Potts,’ Tony just accepts the paper and pen and starts signing.
Tony scowls slightly then shrugs,
'Pepper and I are a great team. I handle the tech side and she wrangles the business side,' he grins, 'and me.'
'I don't like to be handed things,' Tony grits out to Clint who promptly drops the keys onto the counter.
'I've had crazier.'
'Christ, Tony...'
'Working,' Pete pouts. 'Dada said I could come find you.'
'Alright,' Tony waves a hand, 'I keep the master room in the penthouse, Pepper has the guest suit, my third kid gets the second guest room, your kid gets the third, and Pete and Jim get your floor.'
'You're right; he's a particularly impressive three year old and I should have never kept him to myself.'
But then Tony comes in, either buzzing with a new discovery or shattered from being up too long.
His eyes flicker closed again as a hand brushes through his hair.
He still smiles every time he looks at him though.
'Here,' Steve turns around with a plate stacked high with waffles, 'help yourselves.'
'Not complaining though,' he grins. 'You can come round and clean up after us more often if you're single.'
'He'll scare the kid,' Clint warns.
Steve would deny that the sound that comes out of his throat at this point is a whine, but he thinks Jarvis has probably recorded it.
'You're an amazing father, Tony,' Steve smiles at him and abandons the tidy up job.
'So I didn't encourage him,' Tony laughs. 'The idiot has a crush on me.'
'What happened?'
'That's where the best toys are anyway.'
Tony drops his hands to slap loudly against his thighs and snorts a laugh,
'This is new territory,' Steve understates earnestly, 'but we can do this... I mean, if you want me to help...'
Tony just laughs,
Steve just shakes his head with a laugh,
'Of course, Captain Rogers,' Jarvis deadpans.
Steve doesn't reply beyond tugging Tony closer.
'I don't know...' Steve presses his face into Tony's shoulder.
Steve takes the blanket only after Tony pokes it into his chest insistently. Tony backs away several paces and watches him carefully. Steve stares at his own hands as he clenches the blanket tightly.
'What should I do?'
He realises he's smiling; that was probably Jarvis' goal.
'I plan to be quite a lot more restrained than that,' she stands up. 'Will that be all, Mister Stark?'
After lunch Steve leaves Pete napping and Tony adjusting some sensors that Jarvis reports are out of alignment.
'I maintain that that worked great until you realised what I was doing.'
'I want to stay with you,' Pete tucks himself closer to Tony.
'Right,' Tony's head jerks up. 'Ok, I have some things I need to take care of. I'll try to meet you back at the helicarrier. Cap, you need to look after him, ok?' he shifts the boy into Steve's arms.
Pull yourself together.
Tony is sprawled on the floor with the armour nowhere in sight. His skin is unnaturally pale and damp with sweat. Dummy is at his side pulling out the arc reactor and You is pulling over a generator with a trailing cable.
It pays off when Tony just laughs,
'Do things always happen that quickly if you drop the name Stark?' Steve asks.
'Jarvis, where's Pepper?'
'Good job,' Tony tells him as he reloads. Pete beams and then runs to duck behind a box of paints as Tony takes aim. 'That's cheating Pete; Starks don't cheat.'
'You left it in our room,' his eyes flick back to his tablet and he makes himself put it down.
'Pete, where are you?'
'This is so wrong,' Steve is grinning.
'Can I just hold you, please?'
'Sir,' Jarvis calls, 'three shipments have arrived for you; one of clothing, one of toys and another of refined iridium.'
He’s half dozing himself with his left hand having migrated to resting on Tony’s ankle when Tony wakes up.
'That's impossible,' Tony interrupts his mind spinning. 'Oh. Fuck.'
After breakfast Steve loads the dishwasher as Pete plays with his zoo animals. Tony goes to get dressed and then reappears tapping away on a tablet.
'Where's Dada?' Pete looks across to where the door to Tony's suite is standing open.
'Anything you want, sweetheart.'
'Jarvis, what do I do?'
The wind is buffering them a little but Tony compensates easily and keeps them steady.
‘Does he know how to fix it?’ Steve can’t quite make himself leave Tony’s side.
Bruce opens the door, looking tired, and falls in step with Tony without comment.
Tony sheds his suit jacket and steps into the Iron Man boots as soon as they get back upstairs.
'He's a clone,' Tony scoops the boy back onto his hip as if he's been doing this for years.
So, what does that mean?
'Steve,' he interrupts with a smile of his own.
'Yes,' he agrees dryly, 'my random whims would surely bankrupt you.'
'So don't,' Bruce agrees. 'He's hurt you. Get some amusement out of whatever bizarre presents he sends to you to apologise.'
'Are you suggesting I want to tell Steve? Because I'm quite sure I don't want to tell Steve.'
Nobody actually ever told Steve that Tony doesn’t like to be handed things until Tony himself had to.
This may be the most awkward car ride he has ever taken.
'Well, that doesn't help but I'm sure we'll fine one we fancy.'
'And Clint as well?' Pete sniffles and wipes his eyes.
He was going to ignore it and leave it where it was, but then he realised he was just being spiteful and, if nothing else, he needs to treat such a valuable piece of art history better than that.
Fourteenth hours after Tony left, Jarvis informs Steve of Tony's arrival in Singapore.
'What did he do?' he jumps to his feet in surprise as Natasha appears on the bench beside him.
Steve just walks over and curls around him,
'Widow, do we have a location yet?' Steve hates to harry her, but this is important.
The room falls into stunned silence.
'You're not,' Steve almost growls.
‘Ma’am! I’m sorry, Pepper, I didn’t see you there.’
'How's that, Jay?'
He tries to remember if he's actually seen Tony's son cry since he's been with them; he can only ever remember Tony's presence being enough to make Pete happy.
‘What are we watching?’ Tony yawns.
'Cap? No, I don't think...'
Steve just laughs.
‘You’re the greatestest,’ Pete declares firmly to his Dada, ‘but maybe Cap can be the
'Alright...' Rhodey draws out the word leadingly. 'So what did he do?'
'I like pancakes,' Pete curls against Steve's chest.
There is no way Steve won't read into it.
'You're going to fully integrate Jarvis into the Mansion in the three and a half days before the Gala?' Pepper doesn't sound convinced.
There's no reply.
'Well,' Steve leans forwards too, 'there are blocks. If he's anything like you he might like the puzzle thing? Or would it be too simple for him?'
*          *          *
Tony doesn't get up,
'You like Dada too,' Pete tells him. 'You should paint a picture for Dada.'
And Steve immediately feels terrible for making Tony worry,
'I learnt that even someone as amazing, brilliant and patient as Pepper can't handle being with a jerk like me.'
'Yes. Yes I am.'
‘Sir is currently in the kitchen if you wished to speak with him,’ Jarvis offers.
'This is Captain Rogers,' he answers quietly.
'Hey, it's alright,' the man crouches down, 'what's your Dada's name? Do you know his name?'
'You were coming to look after Pete, remember?' Tony reminds him.
'I'm sorry,' Steve steps closer insistently.
*          *          *
‘I don’t like being handed things,’ Tony informs him casually. His hands are pressed to his thighs as he peers closer at the phone.
'Sure,' Tony looks up at him.
'Yes,' Pete confirms.
'I think it'll just be us today, buddy,' Tony rubs his eyes. 'Cap isn't coming.'
'He didn't think I'd reject Jim, he thought I'd reject ...' Steve falters as the lift doors open to his floor and he sees a large item covered with a shimmering sheet waiting for him. 'You're kidding me.'
'I'll get it,' Steve heads to the lift, followed by Bruce.
'Tony?' Pepper's voice sounds out a moment later and her face is projected on a screen over the bed.
Pete looks up and beams at him. He runs over clutching the paper and thrusts it at his father.
'Stark Industries, the Avengers, your Arc Reactor rollout, the Charity Gala and your son,' she lists, 'how do you keep it all straight?'
‘I've seen the way you look at him,' he gets a look. 'I'm not surprised if he thought he had a shot.'
Natasha stays with him for a little before he decides to finish his run. He walks her to the curb where it turns out the 'cab' she got to find him turns out to be one of Tony's souped up cars.
*                                  *                                  *
‘Already complete, sir,’ Jarvis replies. ‘I took the liberty of making some preparations.’
Isn't that the pertinent question?
'Tony,' she shakes her head, 'that just isn't fair! On either of them!'
'Because he is,' he stuffs his hands into his pockets to try and stop himself wanting a glass of something as a prop.
Tony looks over at the phone silently for a moment then swallows heavily and looks Steve in the eye,
'Yeah, I'm really taking advantage of you,' Steve smiles.
'Roger,' Steve lets himself relax a little.
Bruce doesn’t look convinced but he lets the conversation drop as Clint returns and the next movie starts.
‘Jarvis, eta on the jet?’ Tony breaks the silence. He sounds rough and there’s blood trickling slowly but steadily down his chest.
'Sir, Peter is beginning to stir.'
'Then I'd love to,' Steve offers him an adorably shy smile, 'if you really want me to join you.'
‘Yeah, I’ll get to them later. Except R&D; bring up their findings.’
'Jarvis?' Tony glances back at his armour which jolts to life.
'Tony, I've told you before that I want kids.'
'Captain America has a crush on you,' Rhodey groans, 'did you wish really hard?'
Tony looks conflicted for a moment before adding,
'I shall prepare the workshop for your arrival, sir,' Jarvis replies as Tony gets up to wake his son.
'I don't underst...'
'Tony?' Steve has lifted the envelope containing the photo of their son, but hasn't opened it. 'What's wrong?'
‘You ever reset a shoulder, Cap?’ sounds over the comm. immediately followed by a chorus from the rest of the team, even as they’re still fighting, telling him not to be stupid.
'Columbus Circle, right?' Clint glances over. 'I don't think any of Stark's cars have ever been to a mall before.'
'Jarvis
Two days later Tony comes down from his penthouse, rubbing sleep from his eyes and looking, to Steve’s eyes, beautifully dishevelled in worn silk pyjamas.
Tony makes an irritated sound and nuzzles closer.
'Captain Rogers.'
*          *          *
'But you have his car?'
'I suggest,' Jarvis ignores him, 'that Captain Rogers may wish to have a picture of his son.'
Tony glances up to look and then notices the rest of the penthouse,
'Well, he gets to have the first name,' Steve smiles.
'Of course, sir.'
'Hello, Peter.'
‘Several hundred miles west of Hawaii, sir,’ Jarvis reports as Steve feels embarrassed.
'Hey, Pete.'
'You're a very long way from drunk,' Steve is looking at Pete adoringly.
'When Steve wants to take Jim out for the day?'
He nearly didn't have Tony anymore.
'I'm jealous,' he blurts, and realises it's true.
'I'm not going to ask Tony out,' Steve rolls his eyes at her.
'You still hungry, squirt?' he asks the boy as he traces a finger over the glowing outline of the arc reactor through his shirt.
Jarvis hands the parcel over and the suit walks back out.
'Don't listen to him,' Steve retorts, 'your Dada is a massive cheat, he just talks his way out of it after.'
'Dummy?' Tony focuses on the readings the bot is showing him. 'That's... What is it doing?'
'I'm not in the running?' Steve fakes a pout.
‘No.’
'Get me more coffee, Jay,' he rubs his eyes.
'Which part, honeybear?' he sighs and fiddles with a wrench he must have left on his desk.
'We found that AIM manipulated some of your cells to act as...' Tony falters as Steve flinches and crosses his arms across his chest, 'to act as eggs. They injected my DNA.'
‘Out!’ Tony points at the door as Steve clutches his sketchbook up and heads to the door quickly. ‘I’d kick you out of the damn tower except I’d probably crash my stocks and I’ve done that enough recently! Just… keep away from me.’
'Your miniature car collection has been brought down to this floor,' Thor tells him. 'May I request that you show it to me?'
'His flight should be landing shortly,' Jarvis confirms.
Tony puts down his tablet and takes the plate from Steve with only a second or so of hesitation.
'Hi,' Pete smiles up at him. 'Dada says we can give you upgrades.'
'Great,' Tony smiles at him. 'You know you can always tell Jarvis if you need me and I'll come straight there, ok?'
Thankfully Tony then brings them in to land. Steve follows as Tony is stripped from his armour as he walks. Once back in his t-shirt and jeans Tony rakes his fingers though his hair and steps inside.
'Oh, Cap, you have no idea...'
'Why would I want another of my own tablets?' Tony smiles. 'It's Peter's. Turn it on, will you? Jarvis can configure it from there.'
Pete's head lifts at the sound of his voice,
'This is only postponing our discussion,' Rhodey points out.
'No,' Steve denies instantly, 'don't. Clint was an ass.'
'I won't be tired by then,' Tony tells him.
Steve felt heart sick as he watched the doors after Tony left.
'Captain,' Jarvis speaks through his ear bud, 'Peter Stark is at your door.'
'Jarvis, you monitor everything in the tower,' Pepper bites her lip. 'Does that fully include the floors that aren't Tony's?'
‘Captain,’ Jarvis adds, ‘I suggest you remain with sir if you wish for him to stay.’
'Of course it's not fair,' Tony snaps, 'but I can deal with it. I am dealing with it.'
'Thank you.'
'And did something weird with my phone...'
'You would seem to be the obvious choice.'
'Greetings!' Thor beams at them.
'Give it to Peter,' Steve smiles 'I'll have a cuddly Iron Man instead.'
Rhodey and Pepper leave, for their floor and suite respectively, and Tony's left alone to finish his scotch.
'I appreciate how you protect him, Jarvis,' she nods understandingly.
‘I guess you’ve had Jarvis scan your head?’
'Alright!' Tony gives in and throws up his arms before letting them drop to the bed above his head, 'I promise to take a day off and spend it licking Captain America.'
'Jarvis,' Steve closes the door to his suite behind him and leans against it, 'could you maybe just shoot me before I say anything like that to Tony?'
I've tried out the sex scene thing again (and rewritten it several hundred times..) Is it any good?
If nothing else he can rely on his AI.
Steve glances at Tony, preparing to take his leave, and sees Tony's expression; he looks so purely happy that Steve pauses.
'Sir, do you wish for me to display the project files for Captain...?' Jarvis starts to ask but Tony interrupts.
'And you?' Steve looks suddenly less sure. 'Was it... for you?'
'Already have,' Tony dismisses and starts pulling off the bandages around his chest.
'You angry with me, Captain?' he tries to tease but it comes out just sounding small.
'I shall take his food to him then,' the older man replies, 'enjoy your food, gentlemen. Call me if you require anything else.'
'You'll have completely decorated my fridge in no time,' Tony laughs. 'Cap, I need to go and see Pepper. Do you want to come up later for dinner? I mean, if you have plans don't worry...'
Steve stops what he's doing.
'Where did they all come from?' Clint complains. 'Between us and you, Cap. Think you can come take them from the rear?'
'Alright,' Steve agrees, 'make sure you leave yourself enough time to get away.'
'That's what I need to speak to you about,' Pepper smiles at him so he doesn't worry. 'I need you to come home.'
'Umm, a few weeks ago when you were finalising your plans to remove the arc reactor,' Steve replies, clearly confused.
He laughs,
'Thank you,' Pete is clearly benefiting from being around Steve. 'It's heavy.'
‘Work work work, that’s me. Then play, normally,’ he smirks suddenly, though the expression isn’t up his normal standards, ‘all work and no play makes Tony a dull boy.’
‘You’re such a baby.’
'No response from Doctor Richards or any of the Fantastic Four, sir.'
'No more work to do?' Steve hugs him close.
'Tony!' Pepper objects as she brandishes her tablet at him.
'She's been out on the west coast recently?'
Tony has mostly convinced himself on that one, but then has the same feeling when he opens his next message.
The next morning, on his run, he manages to boil the situation down to the very basics.
'How do I look?' he grins once he's dressed.
'Don't you have... work?' Steve gestures vaguely at the ceiling.
Rhodes looks at him suspiciously,
'Thanks.'
If he's going to think this thing with Tony through logically then he can't let himself be distracted by his gifts.
'Yeah,' Clint looks surprised, 'this way. Does he know who has the kid?'
'I'm fine,' he dismisses. 'Come on, Pete'll be waiting.'
'Good point,' Tony waves a hand. 'Make it a conference call; I'll sit in if I can and record it if I can't.'
Pepper just looks sad now.
'Is Pepper joining us?' Natasha asks as Tony puts Pete onto the chair that someone, probably Steve, has put a booster seat on.
He's tugged against warm, solid muscle and hugged.
‘I’m fine, I make a decision,’ Tony repeats.
'I'd love to,' Steve beams at him and then seems to laugh at himself. 'Sorry; I just thought you'd be fed up of me by now.'
How does someone make themselves that gorgeous so effortlessly?
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Yes, ‘we’,’ Steve scowls at him. ‘You can’t have thought I’d let you go alone?’
'Oh...' Steve shrugs, 'well. Umm. I'm sure they'll help in some way.'
His son doesn't reply but his eyes glue themselves to the screen.
He pauses at the door to his bedroom to gaze at the boy for a moment,
(See the end of the chapter for
‘Yes,’ Tony agrees, ‘but then I’d be at medical.’
'I'm fine,' he summons a smile. 'Everything's fine.'
‘What?’ Steve asks.
'Mmm?'
'Last night you were quiet certain you would sleep better in this room,' Jarvis informs him. 'You cited proximity to Pete, the flow of zen and bed bugs as your reasons.'
'Jarvis, Tony doesn't trust me,' he states, somehow without his voice wavering. 'But he'll still let me near his sons...'
'Yes, yes...' Tony waves a hand vaguely. 'It's healed; that was the actual point of the serum.'
'Yeah, that sounds like Tony.'
'I wasn't expecting the question about Christmas,' Tony fiddles with a tablet.
Pete looks thoughtful as he swings his legs on the couch,
SHIELD has tracked some bomb makers to a remote canyon, which is great but they've since found it must have been leaked information. They've walked into an ambush and the leaders of the group, who have since fled, have sent them a message saying there is a bomb ticking down nearby.
'I don't want to fight over our son,' Steve tells her quietly. 'I'd rather be on good terms with Tony, and be on the edge of Jim's life, than be a more prominent fixture but have Jim know that his parents are fighting.'
'Stay,' Tony grins at him and pulls free to reach the edge of the bed, 'this, my Captain, is lube and it is our friend.'
'Dry squashed toast,' he pats the bot, 'is it my birthday?'
‘No way,’ the faceplate drops again and Tony takes another step back.
'That's lovely,' Tony says distractedly. 'Give it to Cap.'
Because he isn't stupid enough to encourage that sort of thinking when it comes to Steve.
Tony nods,
'Good afternoon, sir,' Jarvis has long given up speaking to Tony before there's proof of the genius' consciousness. 'You passed out on your desk a little over seven hours ago.'
Steve seems to be only capable of squirming right now. Luckily Tony's an expert on recognising happy squirming from uncomfortable squirming.
'Yeah, she tries to keep out of Avenger business.'
‘Because little boys should all have great dads,’ Tony tells his son.
*          *          *
'Oh,' Pete looks confused before lying down on Tony's chest so that his cheek presses against the glass of the arc reactor.
'Iron Man?' Natasha questions in Steve's stead.
It’s a rather uncomfortable silence for a moment.
'You know it's not the same.'
'Also, you're not actually a virgin anymore,' Tony tells him.
'Hey,' Steve's eyes have lit up.
Pepper smiles at Tony, shoots Steve a look that he can't decipher, and leaves the room.
‘Hey, Captain,’ Tony’s fingers still over Dummy but resume a petting motion when the bot whines.
'I'm going to get you dance with me at one of these eventually,' Tony informs him with a grin.
'Right...' Tony replies distractedly and there's the smallest of pauses before his head snaps up, 'Right! Yes, ok.'
'Sure,' Tony agrees quietly.
'Thor said I should always carry it,’ his son frets.
'Alright,' she lifts it from the rail.
'Can I help make dinner?' Pete asks
'Tony...'
'Hello to you too,' he realises he's smiling.
'Touch yourself for me, pet.'
Steve is staring at him.
'Vote of confidence,' Tony nods, 'good.'
'Tony, did you read the email about the Gala?'
'Anything you say,' Tony pats his shoulder. The lift rises to the penthouse. 'Right, Pete? I'm going to open the balcony door; you stay in here, ok?'
'I'm just trying to help you, Rogers...'
'Don't,' Tony dismisses. 'This is all my fault. I assumed things about... It's my fault and nothing you did.'
'You have,' Jarvis interrupts. 'Sir, that was my point.'
'You won't tell me how Tony feels will you?' Pepper asks already knowing the answer.
'Acknowledged, sir,' Jarvis confirms.
‘You think I can’t find New York?’ Steve snaps unfairly. ‘Sorry, Tony, this just isn’t funny.’
When he wakes again he finds Pete still sleeping beside him. He smiles and closes his eyes.
'Because he likes me?' he asks quietly.
'Stark is Dad,' Clint is loving this, 'that makes you Mom.'
Thinking actually hurts.
'Of course, Ms Potts,' there's a small pause. 'Colonel Rhodes is currently playing a game on his phone; I suspect he is not too busy to talk.'
It hurts somewhere in his chest to think that he couldn't be a good father. He thinks he's done ok with Pete. And surely that's not the point anyway? He still has the right to know even if he is a terrible father...
'I could see it,' Natasha counters.
'I was on an early assignment,' she smiles easily. 'Come on, Rogers, what did Stark do?'
‘Fuck,’ Tony pants as he gingerly releases and shifts his arm. ‘There we go, Big Guy,’ he smiles at Hulk, ‘all better.’
Pete pats his chest as he carries him into the kitchen,
'No suit,' Tony swallows back his drink and pours another. 'Would flowers be inappropriate?'
Steve feels himself breaking into a bright grin,
'How long until Jim is born?'
'If you start paying me to babysit...'
'Right,' Tony blinks. 'So it does that.'
'Right,' Tony adjusts his watch on his wrist as Steve relaxes enough for the cover to slip into his lap, 'I have a long flight ahead of me. I'll call...'
Tony finally escapes after six hours; when Pepper gets her claws into him she doesn't let go.
'Ok,' Steve looks amused but with an underlying concern.
'I'm not saying it's a bad plan; I'm telling you, you don't have time.'
'You're advertising yourself,' Steve tells him.
'What day is it?' he pulls back suddenly, gasping, to look Steve in the face.
‘Butterfingers, get him a blanket,’ Tony waves a hand at the robot who dutifully rolls away towards the back of the workshop.
'Very wholesome,' Tony mocks.
'Of course you can. What's on your mind?'
'No,' Pete refuses. 'I want to play with the engine; it has to be big.'
'He's fine,' Tony snaps. 'Give me my keys.'
‘Stay if you want.’
'What's he doing now?'
‘I need to go to medical,’ Tony announces over the comm. as the fight wraps up.
'Oh, wonderful positive thinking! What the hell do I pay you for?'
'It's like you know me,' Tony grins up at him.
'Do you know if Steve actually wants to be with Tony?'
'Is Cap fighting bad guys?' Pete asks quietly after breakfast  as Tony figures out how to load his own dishwasher. 'Is that why he didn't come?'
‘I’m sorry. Tony, I’m sorry. Please don’t just go.’
‘I’m not sure I trust myself to be around him and not touch,’ he tells Bruce honestly as he looks over at Tony’s sleeping face.
'Ok,' Tony nods vaguely. 'Steve...'
Steve is blushing.
'You've got time to eat so you've got time to sit and eat,' Steve instructs.
'He grew up here,' he sighs. 'This is where his mother... This is where they lived?'
He blinks again and it's Steve in front of him.
Tony just stares at him silently.
‘What’s wrong?’ Steve holds back from clutching his friend back to him.
'I push you backwards until you're sprawled on the sofa and I straddle your thighs. I start biting my way down your neck and I keep rubbing you. You're trying not to make a sound but that just makes me try harder.'
'Dada?'
So Steve does.
He sways towards Steve before he realises what he's doing.
Finally he seems to want someone with him. He demands Jarvis’ presence, and his desire for additional companionship isn’t that high, but he isn’t indifferent when Steve has to go to debriefing. Pepper arrives just in time to save Steve from having to decide to skip it.
'Would you like a coffee?' Steve stands up.
‘God, Tony…’ he scoots across the floor to sit by Tony by the bed and pulls him into a hug.
'What are we eating?' Steve follows him to the bar and lounges as Tony pours a scotch.
Steve just nods silently.
'What can I do for you?' he asks with a smile of his own.
Steve makes an awesome whimpering noise as Tony turns towards him and starts kissing his way down the blonde's neck.
‘Because I don’t trust hospitals,’ he presses a kiss to Steve’s lips, ‘but I realised that I trust the four of you to keep me safe.’
'You think the AI will answer your phone?'
'Tony!'
Pepper has fallen asleep on Tony’s hospital bed so Tony looks up at him from the floor,
'Good.'
‘Good morning, Tony,’ he can’t help but smile.
Watching the surgery with Pepper and Rhodey the next day is surreal.
Steve's heart tries to soar, upon hearing such good news, and plummet, upon understanding what that means for them, at the same time.
'My pleasure, Colonel Rhodes.'
'I love you,' he says when they break for air. 'Tony, I love you so much.'
'Cap,' Pete offers up his first beaming smile that isn't aimed at Tony.
'Dummy gave me some toast which he had run over,' Tony tells him, a little distracted by his building sense of worry.
'My Lady Jane has a companion, Lady Darcy, who makes much use of slang,' Thor smiles.
Pete just keeps eating.
‘The gas?’ Steve drops beside him and catches his shoulders before he collapses forwards.
'If it is technology that caused this,' Jarvis says, 'then it is something we can counteract.'
'If I look at you...' Steve blurts then makes a choking noise as Tony arches against him.
‘I need to speak to Jarvis,’ is the only thing Tony tells him before dashing the phone against the wall and prising it apart. He adjusts some wires and then turns the phone over and dials a long number. ‘This is now contacting one of SI’s data centers directly; Jarvis will know it’s me.’
'Well, now you can be thankful for a new bike,' Tony shrugs.
She smiles,
'Stop it,' he sighs and rests his head on Clint's shoulder.
'Please tell me we can pretend I didn't say anything?'
He wants Dada now.
Tony snaps the plastic chassis back onto the car and turns it on as he hands Pete the remote,
'Of course, sir.'
Dummy nudges a plate of toast into his hands. One of the pieces has clearly been run over.
'Indeed,' Thor stands up from the floor and places down a toy mustang. 'Greetings, Captain.'
'Hah, don't answer that, Jay,' Tony swallows the last of his scotch. 'I'm going to put squirt to bed and see Pepper. I'll see you freeloaders around.'
'I'll be back in a couple of days,' Natasha adds.
'What's wrong?' Tony repeats. 'Tell me or I swear on my suit I'll have the jet fired up and bringing me back home so I can get it out of you myself.'
'Hey,' Tony smiles up at him.
'I'm hoping Jarvis will,' he bites his lip.
'Thor!' Steve's voice sounds out as he and the others step from the lift. 'Welcome back! There's nothing wrong, I hope?'
Pete nuzzles his face into his father's chest but continues to make devastating sobbing sounds.
Not as brilliant as Dada, of course, or even as brilliant as Cap, but very very very great.
'Uh huh?' Rhodey doesn't sound convinced.
Tony really needs to remember that he's Steve's first and that he cannot fuck this up.
'He hasn't given his name to either of the boys.'
There are two possible explanations that Steve can see; either Tony hasn’t
'Apparently,' Tony grins, 'but you'll have to ask him.'
Spoilers(?)
'Dada?' Pete gazes at him.
'Sir has given no indication otherwise,' Jarvis agrees.
'Ok,' Steve makes the effort to smile at the boy who's tracing the star on his chest with a finger, 'we're good aren't we? And Tony'll be back before you know it.'
Pete looks between the two of them and hugs his blanket a little tighter.
'Yeah,' he takes a bite, 'but that doesn't change anything.'
'Will you be staying long, Pepper?' Steve asks.
'He doesn't know what Christmas is,' Steve has that trying not to look sad expression on his face.
Tony’s already out of the door.
'Six years?' she shakes her head.
Steve feels himself grow harder and fumbles to send a reply,
If he stays awake to watch the boy sleep for a while then it's not like anyone around here can take the high ground when it comes respecting privacy.
'Of course,' Steve smiles and then looks up as the door opens. 'Ms... Pepper?'
Pete falls asleep on the way home and his team mates are silent as he fumes.
Tony still looks like he's been backed into a corner.
'Is he healthy, Bruce?' he asks quietly. 'Whatever genetic stuff he's getting from me... Is he ok?'
He sighs and glances to where Pete is now asleep in the crook of his left arm and to where Tony is pressed against his right.
'Yeah,' Tony grins back. 'Yeah, you are.'
'No,' Jarvis agrees. 'I believe only you and sir are comfortable knowing everything I am capable of.'
‘Sorry,’ Steve apologises automatically as he tries to remember having an appointment.
‘Tech support?’
*          *          *
'Doctor Richards expressed a desire to have the generator by friday, sir.'
'I'm borrowing your bathroom,' Tony doesn't wait for a response before leaving the room and tugging off his t-shirt as he goes.
'Will you pay me back with interest?'
'Hey, kiddo,' Clint grins. 'What brings you rich types down to our level?'
'Damn right,' Tony agrees. 'You'll just have to make it your job to bring me coffee.'
Sorry for the wait; I'm a terrible person!
Tony shrugs his good shoulder,
'Please,' Steve presses his fingers into Tony's hair and kisses him again.
And then the door opens and Fury strides in, shattering the quiet moment,
It's when Rhodey arrives in the tower and drops his kit bag to pull Tony into a hug that the situation finally becomes a little too real for Steve.
'Try anything once, right?' Steve replies and kisses him again as he pulls down his boxers.
'Making Ms Potts wait is unlikely to improve her mood,' Jarvis reminds him quietly.
'Great, thank you.'
Tony’s eyes lift from the tablet to stare at him, which answers that question,
'Steve,' Bruce greets him.
Steve stands waving until they're out of sight.
There's a silence behind him that makes him think his team mates are exchanging a look.
'Deal,' Tony grins.
'Yes, sir.'
'Why can't he talk?' Steve worries.
Steve laughs,
'I'm willing to take a settlement,' Steve grins back. 'A couple of million should do.'
'I thought you may wish to know sir has called for press conference in half an hour.'
'Tony, which document do you want me to forward ahead of you?'
'I have work to do, squirt,' he presses a kiss to his son's forehead before putting him down. 'You play, ok?'
'Yeah, baby boy, I'm here,' Tony murmurs quietly as he walks off towards his bedroom.
'Time to get the charging net into place,' Tony presses the final sensor for the ballroom into position.
'And you can drive it? Or Cap?'
'Iron Man told him to come,' Steve admits as he watches Hulk wander around the large room as if he's patrolling.
'No, I guess not,' Tony scowls.
Steve finally asks where he can find Tony only to be told he's in a Board Meeting.
'He doesn't trust anyone,' she dismisses.
'Cars,' Pete turns shy and tucks himself under his father's arm.
'He has every right,' he points out.
'No to both of those!' he can only imagine how badly those conversations would go. 'What do I say to him? Hey, you're more than good enough for me but don't take that as encouragement because I can't let anything happen between us.'
'Tony, I'm so sorry. We only looked away for a moment...' he shakes his head. 'It's my fault. I'm sorry. Is he ok?'
Everyone thinks the second person to move into StarkTower was Bruce Banner.
'SGR is on his floor,' Jarvis tells him carefully, 'Agent Romanov is out driving your Ferrari, Colonel Rhodes has not yet returned to the tower, Doctor Banner is working in his laboratory and Agent Barton is with Prince Thor on the communal floor.'
'I believed it touched upon the most important points,' Jarvis replies.
'Iron Man, wait...!' Steve calls out too late as Tony walks into the room and scowls through his open faceplate.
'He means let's eat,' Clint is the best for translations.
'Ok,' Pete smiles at him for a moment then goes to his toy boxes.
‘Tony?’ Steve forces himself to let his friend take a step back.
'Christ, Tony...' he can only stare in surprise.
'Is he ok?' Steve heads back over to his gym bag as he starts unwrapping his hands.
'Oh,' Steve visibly relaxes, 'it's beautiful, Pete.'
'Your night team are transmitting their report for their data set.'
'But Dada,' Pete has managed to swallow, 'what about Cap's brain?'
'Let's start with nearly shooting Captain America,' Rhodey suggests.
'Ok,' Pete just smiles at his dada adoringly.
'What would you want from him?' she presses him.
He puts three plates at Tony's side and pours their coffees. Pete has wiggled his way into one of bar stools by the time Steve turns around, which makes him feel terrible.
He shifts his weight as he prepares to climb over his friend.
‘Right,’ Steve drops him head into his hands. ‘Right, thank you Jarvis.’
'Sorted. Do you need a lift?'
'You nearly shot... Hey there!' he cuts himself off as he greets Pete. 'It's great to finally meet you, kiddo.'
Tony freezes.
Tony's sitting on a counter, an Iron Man suit at his shoulder, with Pete curled against his chest.
Steve feels himself tense,
'Telling you to have fun would probably be a mistake,' Steve grins back.
'Of course he's coming.'
'Don't get sappy on me, Cap,' Tony interrupts with a weak thump to his stomach. 'Not when I'm too tired to get away.'
'I'm only a little sad, baby boy,' he smiles as Pete pats his face.
It's a couple of minutes before Steve manages to pick the phone back up. He can see on the tv screen that Tony's gaze keeps flicking to his tablet but he's not typing.
'Tony, hey...'
Thor appears in front of him and wipes his face and hands.
He changes into his workout gear and stretches as he walks over to where there's a heavy bag waiting for him. His first swing is a little wild and sets the bag trying to spin on its chain. He steadies it before resetting his stance and starting again.
'I'm in my suit too,' Tony replies. 'My faceplate is back though so I can kiss you. I make you keep the cowl on.
Steve scowls in worry,
Steve has retreated into the corner of the workshop to breathe deeply.
‘We both have things to do, I’m sure,’ Tony talks over him. ‘Jarvis…’
'Steve..' he moans, 'I'm...'
'Just the way you like it,' Steve can't help but smile as Tony levers himself up.
Tony just looks confused,
'Tony?' Steve just sounds worried now.
'Do you think I don't want you involved?' he interrupts, confused.
‘Does it hurt?’
'Rogers,' he interrupts and tries not to enjoy the resulting cringe.
'I promise,' Tony nods and shoots a quick smile to the helmet. 'I... it was an honour, Captain.'
It’s then that Tony wanders in and beelines for the coffee machine; his path takes him right past the Hulk.
Steve knows he always finds it incredibly awkward when he finds that someone he isn’t interested in is attracted to him and he’s sure Tony has plenty of experience of the same.
'Did you at least leave him a note?'
'And he just ignored you?' Steve asks quietly when Tony falls silent.
'After,' he decides. 'I'm not doing this in front of Pete; get them delivered in time for when Pete has his nap.'
'Steve!' Clint snaps.
Steve keeps his hands laced together in his lap.
Steve looks confused but does fetch the red bike from Pete's room,
'Ms Potts is in the library in the east wing, Colonel Rhodes.'
It takes more willpower than it should for him not to say something that takes the joke too far.
Which does explain why he's in Steve's bed and not his own.
Steve responds to the kiss automatically as a ridiculous part of his mind wonders if he’ll ever be kissed and not be surprised by it.
'I'll still love you,' Steve tells him firmly.
One final glance to his son and Tony gets onto the lift.
'More,' Steve replies and rocks up to meet him.
He must be in a state if it was Nazis he was worried about instead of Hydra.
"Pills aren't my style. I'm a blaze of guns and glory type guy." He joked dryly.
"Sorry, Cap. We just got caught up. . . Didn't mean anything by it." Tony reached out with both hands and massages Steve's temples. "We'll make sure he's fine."
"Not even him."
The room he entered into looked like it belonged anywhere but Avengers Tower. The floors were a lustrous hardwood, the walls were pale green and thin linen curtains hung down from all the many windows overlooking the city. There was a low sofa in a rich creme color and an easy chair to match. He didn't even remember where he was in the book that lay on the edge of the coffee table.
Bruce.
It was a half mile circular dirt running track ringing in a flat expanse of grass. There were bits of old paper confetti and a few streamers in the school's colors still lingering from the last event held there. Steve put his coat down on the bench beside the track and stretched for a few minutes before taking off around the track at a breakneck speed.
Tony nodded, not really sure how to express the gratitude he felt toward Steve. It was a relief that someone
He had to hand it to Stark, he was good with his AI. This one almost sounded motherly,
"I'm still taking your reason for stopping a week ago as a very sound reason."
The kiss didn't stay chaste for long. Steve saw to that with a swipe of his tongue, just between Bucky's closed lips. It was borderline electric and it made Bucky gasp. With that gasp Steve tilted his head, deepening the kiss, tongue slipping in with confidence. Steve didn't taste like did when they were young, but he'd gotten used to the taste of Captain America.
"Tony Stark, if you don't kiss me I'm going to just--- fuck it." Bucky was the one to close the gap this time, claiming Tony's lips with the urgency of a man on fire.
"No." Steve sighed. "Good luck over there, Stark."
When his tongue slipped inside, Tony brought his hand to cover his own mouth, trying to stifle the needy sound he made.
"James~" the voice pulled him away from the tiny bedroom and back toward the living room.
"You know, Tony I really wish we had more of that arm. Might be some kind of failsafe."
Bucky wasn't meant for war. His heart was too gentle. Goddamn what they all did to him. Hydra most of all.
"Harder, Cap." Tony gasped out a moan when those teeth sank down on his flesh. "O-oh! Mhh Steve." He moaned prettily.
Steve focused on the spot only briefly making Stark whine when he went back to scissoring and pumping, avoiding his prostate all together.
a shame." Tony moved so he was kneeling with his chest resting on Bucky's, his lips right by his ear.
The short sleeve button down Bucky wore was suddenly minus all the buttons in his haste to follow Steve's order to remove it.
Only a small stab of anxiety rose in Bucky's chest but he breathed through it, finally drifting off into a dreamless sleep.
He'd just finished telling her about Romania, about hiding, and about Steve being the only one to believe him.
When they parted Bucky was flushed and panting. He'd never kissed a man other than Stevie. "You . . . You taste like coconut." He gasped out.
Bucky made a sound almost a laugh, more like an exhalation from his nose.
"Maybe seventy years of being ordered not to. Of being ordered to not have an opinion or a sense of free will. A
"I would like to see the little broken man." The unknown voice announced, it sounded much closer now.
"What the hell is this?"
Tony leaned down and licked one of Barnes' nipples til it pebbled then bit it lightly. Bucky's knees were shaking. It was almost a relief when Tony moved away, grabbing his hand.
He sank to his knees before Bucky and fumbled with the button on the overly tight jeans he wore. "Tony pick these out, Buck?"
He'd spent an entire sleepless night trying to untangle the web of feelings that was dragging behind him like an anchor.
Unconsciously he was typing out a text to Natasha.
"Tony! The kid was just sad! He came here because he was worried and you forgot his birthday!"
Soon they were speeding down side streets and narrowly avoiding pedestrians. Steve had to remind himself that this was an expensive car and not to hold too tightly to anything, regardless of how anxious Howard's driving was making him.
The doctor kept speaking but it was a frightening and confusing whirl to him
Steve had said in response to Tony's "hey sexy"
I retconned the last chapter. Didn't sit right with my plans.
There was some kind of relief in this for Tony. Some surrender in the pain. "More, Captain." He found himself pleading. "I can take it."
"Stevie?" Came a very sleepy voice came from the throw pillow.
Bucky could feel his pulse under his palm. Was he verging on a panic attack?
"It feels like having my parents fighting." He breathed. "Also tell him about the leg, Bucky." Then he was gone and they were alone. Alone together for the first time since everything happened.
He shouldn't have brought the kid along. Peter could handle himself pretty well on the streets of Queens but out in the field like this with other. . . Enhanced individuals, no it was too soon.
"Didn't it mean anything?" He asked tentatively.
When Steve dropped his head got Tony's shoulder, Tony kissed his hair.
"First thing in the morning, I'll be ready."
"A bath?"
"Y-yeah just really quick?" The door opened slowly.
He took a cautious step forward, not yet deciding to seek out the voice calling him.
He let himself be pushed back onto the bed.
Fuck, but, he looked like a treat. Tony wanted to devour him.
Steve skimmed over the more graphic bits but let the memories crash over him.
" Bucky went limp on his grip. "I remember them all every day. Every time I close my eyes. I even see them in the mirror."
"Bucky! Tell Mr Stark about the seagulls, oh man!"
"Why are all my shaving razors and scissors gone?" His voice held a hollow quality.
When the elevator doors closed and Bucky was alone he curled into as much of a ball as he could manage.
He slid his free hand to Tony's hip and instructed him to use his fingers.
They'd been in the hospital for twelve hours already. The news had broken about Zemo and the bombing. It was a weight off Steve to have Tony know.
Peter suddenly blushed bright. "It's not in there. I have a . . .friend. who uh is pretty uh good at getting bullets out."
Peter left quickly, murmuring something about having to meet with someone. When he got to the door the kid paused in thought.
Howard settled back on the pillows and let his eyes drink Steve in as he uncovered his plate and tucked in to the pile of sausage and eggs there.
"I'm really glad to meet you on non-combat terms, Pete, was it?" Bucky flashed a charming smile and laughed easily when Peter began to run off at the mouth at him.
"Snow White?" Tony said softly. "You awake?"
Steve gasped out that he was close and he came, arching off the bed, coating both his own abdomen and Howard's hand. He fell back panting raggedly. "Jesus, Mary and Joseph." Steve breathed. Howard just chuckled and brought his hand to his lips and cleaned it off with his tongue. Steve's cum tasted a little strange, a bit sweet.
A devilish little smile crossed Tony's face.
The only people who had been allowed entry were Banner himself and Peter.
"Oh hi Mr Barnes, we've already sorta met." He knew that voice. "I'm---"
"Go on Snow White. You can do it." Tony urged him. Bucky sighed but ultimately nodded and got shakily to his feet. He only lingered long enough to kiss Tony softly.
There was a deep, cold, hollow feeling in the pit of Steve's stomach when the loading doors of the jet opened. He was vaguely aware of Tony squeezing his hand.
"I can fix it." Tony stated, obviously.
Steve first went to Tony's floor and when he didn't find him there, he checked the lab and again, nothing.
Bucky scooted back over and lay beside him, letting his hand come to rest on his chest.
"I, do I have to be awake for it?" Tony could see the panic on Bucky's face plain as day.
this new form of Steve. He sorely missed the little guy Steve used to be but there was absolutely no denying that this version was easy on the eyes. Gorgeous even.
'Sir?' Jarvis sounds bemused more than anything. 'You passed out a little over seven hours ago, what is it that, as you say, 'does that'?'
'So, what's the official line?' Pepper herds him over to the seating area.
Well, that makes the normal Tony amount of sense.
'Of course I have time,' she scoffs at him. 'Tony, you know you're going to have to be careful how you release this to the media.'
'Sir is still in his meeting.'
'Shit!' Tony shoves some of the toast into his mouth and runs to the lift. He chugs his coffee on the ride down and abandons his mug just off of the lift on Steve's floor.
'Alright,' Steve smiles, 'I'll make pancakes in the morning then; I'm sure little boys like pancakes.'
‘Well, that’s horrifying,’ comes a rough croak from the floor.
'I just don't understand why,' Steve accepts the photo back. 'He knows I... He must know I like him? And he knows I like kids. Pete likes me. Does he just not think I'll... bring anything extra?'
Clint keeps quiet.
Ten minutes of quiet, but messy, finger painting later Tony returns, dripping wet, with a towel around his waist,
'God, Tony... That was...'
'We'd be a terrible match,' he points out as Rhodey enters the room. 'I told him so; we're from completely different times, we have completely different interests and if we break up, and break up badly, then we mess up the Avengers and... my kids.'
'Ok?' Tony looks amused. 'I don't know. Probably not. You know me; I'll forget to feed them and wash them and even talk to them. It's very sad. Hey, you available to babysit? I can pay well... how's a couple of grand an hour?'
'Thank you, Jarvis,' Pepper is flicking things around on her tablet. 'Tony, did you read the schedule for the meetings?'
Oh, why not.
Rhodey shakes his head and sighs,
'I'm fine.'
'Whatever you say,' Steve shifts in his seat as Tony sits beside him.
'Of course he likes you,' he voice comes out a little broken, he clears his throat. 'Pete, your Dada adores you, ok?'
'I like Cap.'
'How about,' Tony tugs his son against his side, 'we try sleeping for a bit longer?'
'Did you apologise?'
'Thor says I should always carry it so my arm gets stronger,' Pete tells him.
'Good night,' Steve curls against him.
Steve sits on his side of the bed and stares at the bathroom door as he waits.
Steve's grip on him is probably giving him bruises.
Many, many reasons.
‘The armour is a level down from you, sir, in a laboratory,’ Jarvis reports. ‘I am preventing anyone from learning anything from it.’
'You were telling me something before,' Steve remembers. 'Something that you didn't want Tony to know you were telling me?'
'I just want him to love Pete too.'
'It's his son too,' Bruce points out.
'Right,' Tony tenses and shoots a quick glance towards him, 'thanks, Jarvis.'
'But Mister Stark! The variations in power output are surely concerning?'
'I'm a sex god.'
