“John,” Sherlock said simply. He closed the work between his hands, the thud sound of paper meeting  paper punctuating the end of his stence.
The detective rolled his eyes.
“Where do
John stared at Sherlock in shock. In the almost two months he had lived with the brunet, it was the first time he had been so sentimental. And yet it had been said with an even tone and a straight face, as if Sherlock was just stating a fact. Which he probably thought he was. It was just the eyes that betrayed him. The way they looked at John again. That way that made John feel butterflies in his stomach and his brain blank. And the doctor thought that for once that Sherlock opened up, he should do something to show it was appreciated. So he crossed the small distance to the table and gently put his hand on Sherlock’s forearm.
“How does it work?” the brunet asked.
That’s why, in one of the occasional shelters he found on his way, contacting his brother to inform him of the development of his mission, the only exterior reactions betraying Sherlock’s feelings when he read the news and his brother’s condolences were tightening his lips, his gaze hardening, and closing the text conversation. He got up, walked outside. He made his way through the forest, waiting for his enemies to localize him. It didn’t take long before he heard the sound of the helicopter and the running steps of armed men.
And thanks to Araelle for correcting me and helping me when I don't know what to do and giving me ideas and mainly listening to me rambling about Johnlock all the time. :)
“It’s alright, I guess. Your skin is warm. It feels nice.”
“Mycroft certainly didn’t occupy you for that long.”
“Jesus! What, I need to bloody say it so you stop avoiding it?! Fine. We sexted. You and I. What more do I have to say so you stop being a complete cock?!”
The sound of London. The sound of home.
John raised an eyebrow. The 18th. That was 'their' day. The day of the texting.
“Are you alright?” Sherlock looked at him in the eye.
Sherlock probably just thought of how he had taken care of John sexually, John figured. He didn’t think of how he had save John from everything. The boredom, the loneliness, the depression.
"Such a cold welcome. Pity."
Not long later Angelo brought their food and the deducting started.
Sherlock eventually relaxed around him, his walls inviting John further inside. He gave the brunet a look, waiting for the permission. Sherlock opened his eyes and almost imperceptibly nodded, one of his hand wrapping around John’s nape. John started to push, antagonizing slow and careful until he was fully in. He let out a whimper when Sherlock squeezed experimentally around his cock.
“I have a list of speech therapists that would all be very capable of helping you, but I take the liberty of suggesting you a colleague of mine who is specialized in your condition exactly. Doctor John Watson. Considering the gravity of your situation, I can get you an appointment as soon as possible, which would be tomorrow,” the doctor said while looking at his computer for confirmation. “I know it is hard and that no matter what we do, it won’t seem enough, but we do the best for you.”
And yet, there he was. Staring eye to eye with John Watson, their breaths the only sound in the quiet intimacy or their flat, in the most peaceful surroundings, and he was scared.
Slowly, he inserted the rest of his finger in, inch by inch, until he was fully in. God, he could feel all of Sherlock, the texture of his inside, the softness and hotness of it, the slide of it against his skin. Sherlock groaned, and John started to move, watching raptly as his finger appeared and disappeared in the detective’s pink hole. He loved everything about it, from the little breathy noises Sherlock made to the way the muscles of his thighs clenched. When John felt his flatmate was loose enough, he coated up another finger in lube and added it, feeling Sherlock’s body protest even if the brunet was very much urging him on.
“Of course I didn’t. I don’t
“Jesus, Sherlock, we’re not twelve,” John said angrily, dropping his newspaper on his lap. “Why did you give me your card? It was bloody ridiculous. Are you ashamed of it that much?”
"A month?" she repeated, incredule. "You've been living with
Thank you for reading, feedback is always appreciated! :)
“Actually, hearing
The latter wore a tight smile, readjusting his grip on his umbrella.
“Closer to your room, yes, I know. I thought we already had a talk about this stupid logic of yours.”
(See the end of the chapter for
People were so annoying. That’s why he hadn’t been able to find a decent flatmate until a fortnight ago. The old ones would blab about their day and TV and their families and complain about anything he did… Sherlock had to mute them almost all the time so that he could think, and it was so exhausting. In less than a week he had thrown all of them out. John, though, John wasn’t that bad. (Well, apart from his tantrum about his consulting detective card, what was wrong with it?) He did talk a bit too much sometimes, but at least he wasn’t wasting his saliva on irrelevant information. He also inquired Sherlock about his cases and asked questions, suggesting not completely idiotic theories. Plus, he let Sherlock do his things without arguing, even though if sometimes he would shot him quizzical glances.
Sherlock kept his eyes riveted on the ceiling, his head shaking imperceptibly. “I didn’t think it would go that far yesterday. I couldn’t think about it before it happened. Now you’re seeing me.”
The sound of the doorbell startled him from his thoughts.
Sherlock wasn’t sure where to start. He tried to put himself to the place of someone doing this, like he would for the mind of a criminal committing a crime, but it was so different. He had to guess. He wasn’t used to guessing. Only deducting. He had to find words to excite this man -whatever his name was, no relevant. It was an exercise at deducting, and a challenge for his mind. It would do him good to work his neurons after all the boring cases he had had lately. He thought about the biological texts he read in college, and an idea started to form itself in his head.
a four years old.
“And what’s wrong with the landline?
“I’m never ashamed.”
John helped himself to some coffee.
"Oh. Right, yes." Sherlock looked down, a little bit ashamed.
"You’re worst than my mother", Sherlock grumbled as he took a sip of his tea, just before the cup disappeared under his hands.
“This is marvelous,” she continued. “It’s going to do so much good to Sherlock to have you around! You know, calm him down a little, hopefully,” she whispered.
“Want to cuddle now?” John asked softly when they separated.
. Sherlock was trying. Really trying to make an effort. To show John that he liked him more than he usually liked people. That he cared. Ugh. He had asked John if he was alright. That was showing care, wasn’t it? And he tried his best to make him smile. And now he offered him a day off in his company because he knew John liked to stay in and he knew John liked him. I mean, Sherlock was giving him his
John opened the fly of the trousers and slipped his hand inside. His mouth started to water when he felt wetness against his fingers. Without waiting, he pulled Sherlock’s prick out of his pants, his dick standing proudly. John looked at it, his pupils blowing. It was long and slim, so soft, pink with little beads of precum pearling on the head, and
“Having trouble?” John asked from the kitchen doorframe, dressed in pyjamas and dressing gown.
John chuckled. “I can’t contradict you. You can take the shower first, I’m just going to lie down here for a little bit longer.”
To his pleasure, Sherlock blushed slightly, but he didn’t quit his eyes, keeping his composure. “I have my mind palace, you know it. I remember all relevant information.”
As he walked around, peeking a bit in each room, the blond thought over his decision to live with that mysterious man again. Was he really going to be comfortable pretending nothing happened when all he had been able to think of two nights before was that man’s mouth doing incredible things to him? That he was never going to be able to text his flatmate without his cheeks burning up at the memory? But then he remembered what he had debated over in his head during his walk the previous day, and he made his decision. Anyway, if things went bad, he always had a way out. Better to try than to choke. And plus, Sherlock clearly seemed to have no problem ignoring it.
Chicken
Except John woke up in Sherlock’s bed.
“The landlady didn’t hear you, she is starting to have some audition problems even if she won’t admit it,” Sherlock said a bit more quietly, as it was something that was not to be spoken of.
“Yes. Alas, I am not responsible for how he turned out,” Mycroft said to the blond man with a sarcastic smile.
“...and the wood with which the floor was made is from a tree that only grows in Kazakhstan, and I never studied this type before. Which fits well, because the section of my blog about plants is unacceptably lacking. I hope to find trace of trimethylaminuria in the sample, if my smell was correct, which it always is.”
“I was telling you that the last thing he said to me-” the poor lady began before she was interrupted anew.
And ironically, protecting John was the reason for which he was going through all this. Running away in the middle of nowhere, risking his life with every breath he took. Not a second of break. Not one deep, calm inspiration. Sherlock was always on the guard, always looking out the corner of his eye. He was hurting with every move. But he was not getting tired, not giving up. This was for John. He had jumped to prevent John from getting shot. He was dissembling Moriarty’s network to make sure John would be safe. And only when he was done, when he would have made sure the doctor was no longer in danger, would he return to him. He was getting as far away from John as he possibly could only to make sure he one day would be able to be at his side again.
“I prefer to text.”
Sherlock frowned with incomprehension. “I’m never wrong.”
The two men have been back in the house for four hours now. John had learnt quite a while ago already that there was no point in waiting for Sherlock when the latter was thinking. It was just too long and he told John to shut up every time he only opened his mouth. The doctor had no idea how Sherlock even knew he was about to talk, his eyes were bloody closed!
"Yes, it is. Sadly, I found myself unauthorized to speak in front of civilians," Mycroft announced, shooting a glance at the woman and John.
“You really can’t just shut up and take a compliment, can you?”
"Good morning Mrs.Hudson", he answered flatly without deigning to give her a glance, apparently lost in his thoughts.
Yogourt
The sound of the rain.
“No. If you have questions- in case you forget my brand of tea or anything, that happens to the common human brain, just text me. Here, take a card with my number.”
John was pulled out of his thoughts, the small smile on his lips disappearing as he heard his phone buzz. He turned around in his chair, looking around the room for the device. After a while he found it, lying under the pillow on his chair. He pressed his thumb to the button, the home screen flashing open under his eyes. A text from Greg.
“The famous detective Sherlock Holmes inventing board games. Imagine what Mycroft would say."
“Ah, yes, of course, me too,” he answered after a second of bemusement, not used to affectionate contacts anymore. He put out his hand, but she kissed his cheeks instead.
That last word made the doctor tense up a little as a reminder of the night before, but thankfully Sherlock had already turned his back and was prompting him to follow him in the flat.
Hello! :)
The meal ended up not being so bad, and the detective had to admit John had been right. Eating homemade food was good. They had a lot of fun while finishing the cooking, and even more talking together as they ate.
“Upstairs,” she answered before she noticed John following him. She stopped him with a frown and a pretty hard grip for how petite she was.
"Yes", the doctor answered, grabbing his phone and his keys with peaky features.
But before he could make a remark, the strange man cut him.
“Anyway, will you come or not?”
Mrs.Hudson had been bloody right! Now how bad was that?
And that suggestion was the last straw for John. He couldn’t continue like this anymore.
John stared back, and suddenly bursted laughing hysterically until a small smile brightened Sherlock’s features.
Hello!!
“I don’t like cinema.”
He frowned.
"A new flatmate? Good, we can restart the bid on how long it'll take before you leave. I thought we needed some action at the office."
doing in your bed?”
“Bollocks”, John murmured under his breath.
“OF YOU ACTING LIKE NOTHING EVER HAPPENED, YOU DICK! I’VE HAD ENOUGH OF IT!” John yelled, getting up on his feet.
Sherlock seemed to regain his countenance, his breathing regularizing and eyes getting clearer. He turned around and stared stared at John, take in the sight of him and smiling a happy, tired smile back. He arched his neck to kiss his mouth sweetly, and felt an involuntary small jerk of John’s hips against his backside. His eyes darkened anew already.
John smiled softly, holding his gaze, then bent his head and pressed a soft but heavy with meaning kiss on his ankle. Sherlock’s breath itched, and John smiled, sliding his lips up on Sherlock, dropping lingering kisses on his way. His fingers linked with the brunet’s owns. He dropped light kisses on his eyelids, his cheekbones, his forehead, his chin, making the detective chuckle softly. Then John froze and swore.
And after four hours of complete silence, the man opened his eyes, letting out a frustrated growl. “I still don’t understand how it is possible! I’m going to have to go back and take more samples. I should always take more samples!”
"This is a big day", she told with what seemed like a real enthusiasm, leaving the detective confused.
“Didn’t receive anything.”
John wanted to answer a thousand things simultaneously, but nothing came out.
But just as he did so, Sherlock cut his reflexion. “So what did Mycroft tell you?”
The man continued to hit that sweet spot, gasping as the thrusts became harder and faster, some sweat shining on his back. Sherlock passed his hand on it, and bit his other hand, struggling for control.
“So you admit it?” John asked, and Sherlock absolutely hated how pleased he sounded with himself.
“What are you thinking about?” the said man asked at the exact moment, reading all the musing in the depths of Sherlock’s eyes.
“Alright,” John said, ignoring that Sherlock was clearly lying. “Want to watch one?”
The soldier followed his flatmate into the other room, freezing a bit when he found him lying on his stomach on the floor, crawling while watching scrupulously through his pocket magnifying glass and occasionally sniffing the ground.
“Stand next to me, you’ll see him."
“Well, you fit the description of attractive by social standards.”
“Molly, Mrs.Hudson, Harry, Stamford and Lestrade. And me, obviously.”
“Yes, as I’ve noticed. Where did you get those ovaries anyway?”
“So?” the brunet asked.
“Yes?” the man answered, not quite sounding like his usual confident self.
“How’s that?” John asked.
“In short, the man wasn’t abducted, he was simply away for the week. His wife took advantage of the situation and faked a kidnapping so she could withdraw money from her daughter’s bank account and keep the ransom for herself. So evident, even you lot should have been able to do it without my help” Sherlock said, hands clasped behind his back.
“Your compassion. Always gets you in the end. You feel sad for an unimportant dead rabbit. You feel sad and guilty about your sister and for your fellow soldiers in Afghanistan that are still fighting while you came home because you had the chance of being injured. This is also amplified by the fact that you are an army doctor and you saw many of them die right in front of you. You feel bad because you lost more of them than you have saved. While during that time, you are hurting, and yet you feel no compassion for yourself, only for them. But you are more important. Don’t feel guilty. You didn’t kill any of those men. You didn’t make your sister alcoholic. Everything you’ve done was to make them feel better, and that’s already better than anybody I’ve known. So you should take care of yourself too, because they need you.”
All of this might have be annoying for anyone else or at any other time, but it was the first action in John’s life for a while now. He’d miss it. To feel alive. To just feel something.
That sauce Mrs.Hudson has in her fridge
“No need for mockery, brother dear.”
John looked up from his computer screen, face puzzled as his brain researched for an information. "That reminds me of something. Did you have a similar case before?"
“Yes, of course.”
“It’s alright, you have other qualities to compensate.”
The man turned his face into the mattress.
“So you assume your fart?”
“I take it you don’t want tea?” Sherlock asked, the first words he’s spoken since they left the restaurant.
“Absolutely not, hearing her reasoning makes me what to throw myself of the rooftop. Doesn’t it makes you go nut?”
“The poor little animal,” John murmured, shaking his head.
“You fart all the time.”
Finally, he fished his phone out of his pocket. It was, of course, Mycroft. John answered, ignoring the looks the people were giving him.
“I still didn’t receive it. Something’s wrong with your phone.”
"If I had any I'd be gone already."
John looked around at the operation and cluedo games sprawled on the sitting room floor, at the bladders in a plate next to the toaster and at the… burned dvds in the pan? and wondered to which point had Sherlock thought there was nothing better to do with his time than recording stupid messages on his mobile. “You really had nothing better to do?”
“Well, yes, you’re closer to the door,” Sherlock answered with a confused brow.
But John wasn’t listening to him anymore. He needed to concentrate on his balance because he felt the hot breath of Sherlock across his cheek and his legs suddenly went wobbly. He closed his eyes, relieving in the feeling of Sherlock’s heat radiating to him and in the soft baritone of his voice, and if only he could just-
“The word ‘fart’ lacks of class. You should say flatulence.”
Then Lestrade cleared his throat. Sort of broke the magic. John giggled.
At that the man got up and joined them promptly, cutting her.
“Aye, mate.”
Ok. That was a tad… weird, for lack of better term. The man clearly wasn’t sensible, now John was sure of that. Clearly careless. Good thing he had his brother to watch out for him. Well, that was going to be challenging, which wasn’t a bad thing. John was looking forward to it.
“Are you 100% certain?” Lestrade asked anyway as Anderson rolled his eye for the fourth time in a row.
"Sally!” a man yelled from the second floor. “Did I hear Sherlock's voice? Is he here? I need him!"
The doctor came back from the kitchen, sitting down in his chair with two cups of tea, placing them on the table and giving Sherlock a small smile.
blind. Or stupid. No, John wasn’t stupid. But so bloody
Broken. So obviously broken. And hiding it. He realized it now. The first person to fool the great Sherlock Holmes.
“You know what’s getting on my nerves.”
Last chapter.
There was also softer moments, tender moments, that John cherished more than anything. Watching the telly late at night, Sherlock’s head on his lap as the soldier combed his fingers softly through his dark locks, one of Sherlock’s hand mind absently stroking one of his thighs as he commented on the show they were watching. John waking up in the morning with Sherlock’s nose pressed against his nape and arms encircling him, snoring softly, still dressed and above the covers. Reading peacefully in each other’s company, looking at the other from time to time with a little smile, their gazes occasionally meeting before their eyes went back to the pages. Eating leftovers chinese for breakfast in bed as Sherlock talked endlessly, deducing and analyzing cases and John listening to him, offering his opinion when Sherlock asked. Sometimes he called John when the doctor had a break during work, asking him what he thought about a case he was currently working on. John only worked half time, keeping the rest of his days to accompany Sherlock on cases because he loved it and he wouldn’t miss it for the world.
What was shocking him wasn’t just his desire for John. It was that all he wanted to do to John, he wanted John to do to him. And he just couldn’t wrap his mind around the fact that he actually wanted someone so close to him, in his intimity. That just the idea of John’s tongue teasing his entrance was making him shiver. God, he
He didn’t know if it felt good or bad.
As the client climbed the stairs, the doctor closed his computer and got up.
“John… John, I can feel you move inside me.” Sherlock sounded wrecked, overwhelmed, and John suddenly felt warm, sort of strangely protective. “I can feel the shape of your penis, the-”
Woah.
Of course, there had been some less dramatic events. Some quite funny, actually. Apparently, after they became a couple, Sherlock decided that walking around the flat naked was no longer a problem. Which it wasn’t. Except that clothes were no longer deemed necessary as soon as he was inside the flat, and he put them on only when he had to leave. It was quite entertaining at first. And it generated a lot of sex. Sex in rather original places. That was until Mycroft walked in on Sherlock playing the violin naked in the sitting room with John quietly reading a book on the sofa. That led to John forcing Sherlock to put clothes on, and funny enough, to Mycroft suddenly knocking each time he came to visit, which John didn’t hate at all.
“Well give me your phone number, I’ll text you and we’ll see which one is faulty,” Sherlock suggested, imitating the doctor and sitting down.
“Well, we open a recipe book, and we choose one and make it. Easy.” It was incredible how sometimes when Sherlock talked John had the feeling he was four years old, and sometimes while talking to Sherlock he had the impression he was talking
For the first time in years, Sherlock was scared. The man had fought the most terrible criminals, murderers, rapers. He had been beaten down, drowned and had nearly died from overdoses many times.  And yet, he had never known what fear felt like. Obviously, he knew what it should theoretically be like, was able to recognize the physical symptoms of it on clients or on victims. But he had never tried to visualize it on himself. When he first felt that new, distasteful, nauseous sensation, he has been taken aback by that sickly turn in his stomach, the way his heart was beating rapidly, his mind frenzied and his palms moist. He was disgusted by it. Fear was a natural reaction for common people. He was above that instinct that made the reason of the mind vanish. He
“Alright, I’ll get it,” John sighed, pushing his chair away from the desk.
“Fantastic. When can you move in?”
“Sherlock?” he asked with an amused tone, a smirk playing on his lips.
They stayed silent for a little while, John closing his eyes and reveling in the moment. Sherlock liked him too. Sherlock wanted him that way, too. It felt like something clicked in John’s life. Even with Mark, or the ones that came before him, it seemed like nothing just… felt right like this. This was complete. With Sherlock there was adventure, caring, the most crazy stories, impossible things, laughs and intelligent discussions in his life. As much happy he had been with his exes, there was the hint of a future solidity here he never had before.
Everybody started to move around in the office, and the sight of people running everywhere like they didn’t know what they were doing and Anderson just sitting in front of his computer as always just made Sherlock annoyed at humanity again, so he left the office without another word to anybody. His work there was done.
“Sherlock?”
John smile subtly, the curve of his mouth amused and somehow loving. Thankfully, his friend wasn’t looking at him.
Sherlock looked in his friend's eyes. "I blocked your number the next morning."
Sherlock hummed again.
“No,” John answered, guiding them to the detective’s bedroom. They walked inside and the blond turned around to face his flatmate.
“You mean... That the person I texted was you?" Sherlock finally asked.
(See the end of the chapter for
“Well, ok,” John said, bending and grabbing a shirt on the floor, putting it on and resting his back against the headboard next to his friend. He curiously checked what he was doing on his phone. He knew that was impolite, but Sherlock did it to him so often that John didn’t care if he did it to Sherlock anymore. “What do you want to do then?”
Was he really going to pretend that the texting happened to the point of pretending to give John his number like he didn’t knew it already? Wasn’t that just bloody childish?
“How do you know about those?”
“Does it really matter?”
John just stared at him with an unbelieving face. It was almost comical.
It was only at the end of shift, exhausted and still stressed about his boyfriend, that John got a text initiated by Sherlock.
“I am perfectly relaxed, John.”
“Since when do you even have to ask?” Sherlock sighed, looking more like if he were talking to himself than anything.
of cocks. And it just… fitted Sherlock, in a strange but good way.
“Alright then. I’ll send you the adress and Dr.Watson’s information by email. I’ll set the appointment for tomorrow.. Until then, the best you can do is carry a writing pad and a pen. I’m sorry, I know it seems terrible at the moment, but seeing doctor Watson will make things better. Does nine o’clock tomorrow fit you?”
Once she was gone, John turned to the other man.
Sherlock was used to life’s ironic sense of humor when it came to him.
. You imagined it in your sleep.”
“Yes. A client emailed me about his frog. He claims it disappears at nightfall and reappears the next morning with a new spot on its back.”
The latter didn’t say anything, just stared at the other man with a mortified look on his face.
I hope you'll enjoy it.
“So,” John opened. “Do you have any cases tomorrow?”
John didn’t move, eyes fixed on the spot where the strange man had stood not twenty seconds ago.
But the detective had to admit to himself that he couldn’t blame his flatmate. Who would come to Sherlock Holmes for sentimental support? He was normally the one
They parked the vehicle in the employees’ parking, and they made their way upstairs into a wing of the building John had never set foot in before. The duo entered a lab, and the sight of all the scientifical material scattered everywhere and projects going on around was something John hadn’t seen since college.
From their curtains, counterpanes, shirts and skirts.
"The next window of opportunity in the earth's electromagnetic fluxographic cycle will commence in approximately 12 hours," Sherlock announced suddenly.
IRENE ADLER
Fighting like seven devils.
Now there's a flag over me in London.
"Until now," Sherlock said, looking pointedly at the file on her desk.
This one Mycroft's letter
I would've scream, kick and cried after him, I felt my teeth sink into my lower lip as I turned back to Mary with a tight smile, but my eyes never left that door. He had left, he didn't stay. I turned to Mary fully and gave her a weak smile that I hoped looked loving. Mary smiled back, the smile of the happiest person on earth as she slightly danced to the music. I sighed and refrained myself from looking back at the door, from looking back at him.
"It’s always you. John Watson, you keep me right."
let you down, and we have a lifetime ahead to prove that."
Mary, always so kind and thoughtful, but she truly had no idea, and while hugging him earlier had felt great, now was out of the question. She won't put our marriage in trouble. She won't put me in trouble. Not now that we
"Is it because of what happened to Major Sholto? You know you managed to save him and he's alright, getting handled by the-"
Mrs. Hudson, still not your housekeeper.
"So if I didn’t understand I was being asked to be best man, it is because I never expected to be anybody’s best friend."
Please come back, I can't handle this. I can't do it. The flat is so quiet, I hate it. Your chair is empty, the bed is cold. I can't even sleep now, I tried in your bed, I know you'll be mad but you won't know. Ah. You won't ever know. Anyway, as I was saying, I'm not sleeping anymore, I can't even remember what sleep felt like. It's way too hard to close my eyes when everything I see is you, either jumping off that building or smiling at me, or the way your hair used to brush over your face when we ran to get a bad guy. But the one I miss is the way your eyes light up after you deduced me, and you just knew how much I loved it.
"How can I…help?"
. The words felt bitter on my tongue and always will.
When I opened my eyes not realizing I had closed them, Sherlock was very lightly stroking my knuckles, that had turned white, with the back of his finger. I felt my throat tighten and I was glued on the spot, unable to move less than a finger, too scared of breaking the moment, a moment of proximity with Sherlock I've never been granted before.
We all left Major Sholto to rest after I took care of him, while Mary was taking care of the guests and Sherlock called an ambulance while making his report to Lestrade. For my part I quietly closed the door behind me, trying not to get blood everywhere on my way to the toilets. I sighed as I washed my hands of the blood of the man I admire, saved by the man I love. I looked up at myself and splashed some water on my face, I looked alright this morning but now I just looked awful. I chuckled to myself, I'm so ridiculous. I just got married, I should be happy and partying with my
I turn to Mary and whisper to her: "If I try and hug him, stop me."
Just, come back please, even if it isn't for me. Come back.
Tell me if you want more of this for another fandom, or just from another character's pov or something, I'll do more!!
were. I sent him to every therapist I know, even the royal family's one, but to no vail. He lost so much weight and don't seem to have slept since he got knocked out by the shock. Greg (Lestrade) and Mrs. Hudson tried too, Greg (Lestrade) fired Anderson so that John could take his place, he never showed up; Mrs. Hudson makes all the food possibly imaginable but for nothing. Nothing even makes him move. The only time I saw him actually move was to put on your dressing-grown and sit in your chair.
Lestrade
I smiled and straightened up, trying to compose myself and stepped away from the wall over to the mirror. Oh god, I look worse than I thought. Sherlock walked up behind me, I smiled at him through the mirror and took a deep breath that came out a bit more shaky than I intended.
In a matter of seconds I was perked up on the sink, Sherlock between my legs, holding my hands to the edge of it. His face merely centimeters away from mine, I could feel his breath caress my cheek from where he stood. And if it wasn't for his body holding me up against the edge of the sink, I would have fallen.
Over and over they used to ask me,
"Sorry? No. No, I’ve given off being sorry about anything at all, really, and it serves these people right. As long as they talk of the unspeakable vice of the Greeks they can't expect fair play. It served my father right when I slipped up to kiss you before dinner. He’d have me locked up he knew. And mother? She speaks endlessly of kindness and nobility, but she’d have no mercy if she knew. She wouldn't attempt, wouldn't want to attempt to understand that I feel to you as Pippa to her fiance, only far more nobly, far more deeply, body and soul, no starved medievalism of course, only a—a particular harmony of body and soul that I don't think women have even guessed. But you know."
"Let's talk about…murder."
I offered him a small smile that trailed off as fast as it appeared on my face. Sherlock only opened his mouth to close it, not knowing what to say to this. His brows furrowed and a frown made it's way on his face. I know he had no idea what to do in these situation, and he always counted on me to calm
I snapped at him, my eyes burning into Sherlock's own, shivers running down my whole body and my knees feeling wobbly. My grip on the sink slacked, I sighed, running my hands over my face like I tend to do a lot and laid against the sink. I cleared my throat and looked up at Sherlock. He wasn't moving again. Like when I asked him to be my best man.
"John I would suggest you calm down as everything is being fairly unpleasant already, your tantrum isn't helping."
Oh of course, it had to be him. Of fucking course. I looked up and faked a smile but he stopped in his track to look me up and down, deducing me. I felt this familiar shiver run down my spine and coughed to get his attention back and change the subject. I know he found out already. He probably had the second he walked that door.
Hey there Sherlock,
I sigh and hit the wall with my feet with all the force I could muster from my shaking legs. I needed to let out the anger, the frustration, the desperation, everything. Because everything felt wrong and there was nothing I could do about it. I hit the wall a few more times with my fist, feeling like I might have broken a phalanges or two but who cares. I didn't care any more, because nothing could hurt as much as the deep sorrow I put my own heart in.
"John?"
Then he went on, babbling or speaking too quickly for people to keep up with him, sometimes saying something stupid 'about' me, to try to not get too much off-piste from his initial speech. While I, can only sigh, groan and shiver, because seeing Sherlock in trance is just so beautiful, like a magnificent unreachable kind of beautiful. But right now, it's just embarrassing to the core.
had to pretend.
a special connections.
Sherlock agreed with me. Agreed almost too quickly.
But as Sherlock isn't one for much sentiments, he quickly pull us all out of our aw.
I looked at Sherlock in disbelief, surely he wasn't getting the gravity of the situation. And he'll surely never understand years of frustration, years of longing, bottling up your feelings, waiting for a ghost and oh so desperately trying to ignore the fact that you've never loved someone that much before.
"But what about you?"
I sighed and shook my head, what was he doing now. Like I hadn't had enough trouble because of him already.
"Should I get Mary? Because now is obviously awkward and I don't seem to be able to know how to help nor what put you off. And you obviously had been crying for a while so maybe it's the nerves coming down with those
Plz don't cry (,craft)
I think about the words unwritten on this blog, turning love into admiration and fondness of a friendship of one of a kind.
I've tasted agony but this was soul torturing, the most beautiful form of aching. The one you hate but love at the same time.
boys bed or in your chair and now dresses in your clothes, Mycroft tried to take them with your science equipments but he just got mad and shut the door, Mycroft broke it while opening it. Even dead you're a bugger to us all, why won't you come back annoy us alive? For John at least.
Hello Lestrade,
The game will never be over. And I surely hope you'd still be up to run with me. You enlighten me, make me a better person and make me look taller (which is an important thing for my public image). I wouldn't have anyone else by my side but you. Believe it or not, it has been rather rough for me too, as I'd be lost without you. And I've been.
To be honest with you dear, I never thought you'd actually do it. I thought you would've passed too much time with the angels to know that wrong could do good but…you did. I'm surprised, I truly am. But it's getting boring now, your brother won't even notice me, so engrossed he is in taking care of John. I thought about tormenting him for a while but I just have to watch him for that.
"SHUT UP. Keep. Your god damn mouth. Shut."
" ... he’s a romantic."
Oh, yes, I started smocking again, jealous?
I tried to be nice to him but he yelled, so I yelled too and he just shut down. I'm truly worried so I'm spending most of my days with him, but he barely notices my presence. He's spending all day in your
He got closer to me, almost making me stop talking. My hands were sweaty as my legs shakily got closer to his body, in a restrained attempt at wrapping them around his body and bring him, just a tad closer.
"John, I am a ridiculous man."
Lestrade would stop annoying me. I just want my fucking privacy, I just want to grieve alone and never see the light of day again.
Sherlock being Sherlock, he had again one of those adorable moments of confusion concerning human behaviour. I pulled him in a tight embrace, forgetting everybody else in the room, not hearing their applause or Mary's awing. Just the feeling of his dark curls tickling my nose, his hand lightly touching the small of my back, his sent, so familiar now, yet it still makes my heart beat a tad faster. I feel him struggle, but only tighten my arms around him. No, he can't leave now. Just not…not now.
Hello Sherlock,
If I knew you, I would say you won't even care that I am back but now that you're doing attachments and
I chuckled bitterly and crossed my arms defensively, now there couldn't be more obvious signs. He knows he has to leave.
I think we have a lot to say to one another, did you seriously thought I wouldn't be able to read under the scribbles? I know you'll want some explanations.
Hi Molly,
"Certainly not the best friend of the bravest and kindest and wisest human being I have ever had the good fortune of knowing."
I splashed water on my face, I needed to stop crying and get my shit together. It was my wedding day, I must be okay. If Sherlock asks, or anybody for that matter, it was the nerves. Yup, I'm sure there was some of that too. Not the torture of being in love with my best friend.
, I should probably avoid you for a while once back in London…
I look at Mary's hand, biting my cheek and try to contain my tears like most of the guests. Except mine wouldn't be tears of emotion, more likely tears of anger, sadness, frustration,
For my part I am doing…I'm good. Didn't we say attachment isn't a good thing? I miss you Sherlock, and I'm quiet pissed off because of you.
"I'm sorry John but we can't. I… You're married. To Mary. You love Mary. You chose her, John. You've moved on and got married. Even
this time?
I looked up at Sherlock and thought to myself that if only I had mustered the courage, he maybe won't be saying the words best friend. But it was all we were, best friends, companions, mates…
"No. No, Sherlock I know you know. No no no no no. Don't you bloody say it."
fault?!"
But it was just worrying when Sherlock slapped himself, not making the difference between his mind palace and reality any more.
But I'd love to give you a great correction for the ache you put our dear John in. I've never seen someone as devastated as him before. He won't eat, sip his tea from time to time, but that's it. I can hear movements up there at night, he's not sleeping either, I'm worried sick.
Dear Brother Mine,
His voice was so deep and uncharacteristically soft, words rolling on his tongue quickly. His words. God I hated them. I knew it all to well, I just wanted to ignore it for now and finally take what was meant to be mine. I shook my head, he was wrong. For once in his life Sherlock Holmes was wrong. A sob shook my body as I brought Sherlock closer to me, tugging on his dark curls.
"I'm so sorry John, but you know I do too. You must know I do. But I can't get involved."
I tried to see what the view was like for you when you jumped, it was snowing on the day I went, it was really beautiful. Again you wouldn't know, you never appreciated beauty but it was a nice view. I'd say it fitted you. Cold but beautiful. We'll move on, I know you wouldn't have worried about us, so I won't. Please just, worry about John, 'cause we all do. He needs you.
"STOP BLOODY DEDUCING ME AND LOOK AT THE OBVIOUS SHERLOCK!"
His eyes so cold, yet so deep and so breathtakingly beautiful, every time I only glared at them for a bit, I found myself unable to look away. Only forget the world around me and lose track of time and selfness. The light-headed feeling always stronger and stronger. The hand that wasn't in his hair went to the lapel of his suit, my grip so tight so he couldn't get away. His breath tasted of champagne and smoke, and something else that could only be Sherlock that longed to taste...
"Nothing's wrong, I'm fine Sherlock. Thanks for asking though."
"You won't- You- You uh…"
Good enough for me to forget for a second that the love of my life was playing for me and the woman I just married. I know it shouldn't feel like a betrayal, but it did, so I avoided his eyes while we danced.
together, found out that I was madly in love with you. Yes, you're ridiculous Sherlock. And so am I.
know the meaning of that."
"Oh…"
"How-"
It was my wedding day, my wife was pregnant and everything was a mess but a good mess if I managed to kick some sense in my brain. But the feeling of my lungs burning to get some air back made it hard.
I could feel myself drowning more, second by second. It was getting worse and my heart was sinking lower than it ever did.
I'm sorry, it doesn't get better than the previous chapter..
He goes to keep on with his speech, but my legs are way too shaky to stay up next to him while he talks, so I sit down as quickly as I can. He goes on, makes a joke about my blog and I can only smile a bit before my smile flattens as he speaks. He hates it, but manages to make it perfectly. He always does everything so perfectly.
Hi Sherlock,
I let my back fall to the wall as I let the tears stream down my face. Then those few tears turned into sobs as I slide down the wall to sit on the floor, my limbs shaking from the intensity of my sobs. The only thing I could think about was Sherlock and I could only let my heart ache in silence as there was nothing I could do about it but cry. I whispered Sherlock's name to myself, over and over again, until it made no sense and I had to struggle for air.
I can see in your words you were rather convinced of my leaving. But you and I know better, you were right, my presence has gone unnoticed, even to my brother's surveillance. So, is he still the smartest of the Holmes, Miss Adler?
My sentence trailed off as his lips brushed over my cheek to hover over mine, ever so lightly, barely leaving air linger between us. My legs finally wrapped around his hips, as one of my hands went to grab his and the other sunk into this mess of curls to tighten in a desperate need to bring him closer. But he didn't comply.
It's good you stopped crying, I agree it's rather silly.
It didn't hurt as much as when I thought he was dead. It was way worse. Because I put myself into this, I could've done something about it other than marry Mary. Where is she by the way? Oh damn her, I don't want anybody seeing me like this, it's awful enough as it is.
Lestrade is spending most days here now, Mrs. Hudson gives me a call every friday night, even Mycroft came and offered me a therapists card, saying he'll pay for it if I went. So I did. But John won't go, neither would Lestrade but he is keeping up, John isn't. He never came back at Bart's after that. I would slap you for what you put him through, for what you put us all through.
Sherlock moved away and as tears silently streamed down my face I was unable to move. I couldn't hold as tight as I wanted to, and not an ounce of will power could make him stay and release us both from the torture. He looked at me straight in the eyes, as to weight his words. I held his gaze and slipped down from the sink. Sherlock looked down, turned away, and left without sparing even a second glance at me.
I felt Mary's hand tighten around mine as she smiled to me, a gleam of pride in her eyes. I smiled back and tried to ignore the deep ache my heart was in as Sherlock pronounced those words. Sherlock looked beautiful, maybe it was the light or something else, but right now, Sherlock looked so beautiful. Even more so than Mary, if I dared to be honest with myself.
You better come back young one, he won't wait forever. He might reach another form of forever if I don't put him hospital soon.
Miss Adler,
My heart hurts from his words, the always and you ringing in my ears, as we discussed what I should do. Then for a few moments it only went more and more downhill by the seconds (learning on the way how Sherlock would kill me, thank fuck for that). Someone tried to kill someone I deeply cared about, Sherlock managed to solve the case (not without being a drama queen), and showed he actually liked Mary but was also jealous of Major Sholto but still saved him because he knew I cared about him. Or was it just my mind playing tricks? Yeah must be, today was high on emotions, I didn't know what I was thinking any more.
"What are you- Why are you…What's wrong?"
"What? No! Sherlock it's not because of Major Sholto, what are you talking about now?"
I straighten up and looked straight in his eyes, trying to ignore what I was feeling, for the better as now it was going to be something serious.
My voice had abandoned me the moment he had me up against that sink, so I found myself whimpering. I was literally pleading him to close this aching distance between us.
I thought you'd remember, I am no angel.
Sherlock sighed and shrugged, staring at me, but not deducing me. It was pretty unusual for Sherlock to listen to me, but it was pretty unusual for Sherlock to walk in on people having a break down. It was unusual for me to have a break down.
Mycroft, your dear, smarter, brother.
I was ready to jump up and go to him before he calmed down on his own. Turning to me and pointing at me, shivers running down my spine as strongly as when he deduces me. Worst is that he does so, so often.
After Sherlock had deduced Mary was pregnant, after both of us freaked out, Sherlock saved the day, and I couldn't help but smile. I was going to be a father and Sherlock was smiling and Mary was tearing up and smiling.
"I'm truly sorry John."
down so it probably confused him more. He took a step toward me and I instantly stiffened, trying to get away but only pressing myself more against the wall. I wish I could disappear right now, not have his icy stare over me as I am just a mess of tears and misery.
you seem to all suffer from, but if that's the case maybe Mary isn't the pers-"
I smiled, looking at Sherlock for a split second before I had to turn away, Mary's hand suddenly feeling heavy in mine, like it's not meant to be there. I smiled at her anyway and tried to give all my attention to Sherlock. He was uneasy, he hated it, but in the way his eyes were glued to me and the gleam of his stare, I could see he was doing this for me, even through the ache of speaking in public and expressing feelings.
“No, you don’t,” the mysterious man answered with another weird smile, walking in without any further authorization.
8:55. John was sitting down in his office, coffee and tea ready, whichever Mr.Holmes would prefer. His documents were on the table, the writing pad next to them, in case the patient didn’t bring one along.
Sherlock glared at his flatmate. “I don’t care what Mycroft think of my board games.”
He lavished the mark of the gun shot with his tongue, with his lips, then did the same to all the other ones he found. John’s breath was calm but shallow, his eyes closed as he concentrated on the feeling of Sherlock. It felt overwhelming to see the man reverenced to him in such a way, to feel him cherishing his body. He had always hated those scars, had thought they were making him look disgusting and weak. He had never believed he’d ever find someone making him feel like they were beautiful. Sherlock loved those marks. It made the detective sick to know that John had experienced pain upon getting them, but they were a part of who John was today, and Sherlock didn’t know what he’d be without him. Everything that made the man he loved, any part of John, no matter if it were his heels or his ribs or his scars or his forehead deserved his entire devotion.
Smuuuuut is coming. ;)
"Oh, you went out last night?" the fat man answered with a beam. "That’s really good, John! You need to relax. Get over the war and Mark, live a normal life. You’re home now. I know it hasn’t been easy for you, all the horror you saw there then him leaving you, but it’s a fresh start."
“Go fetch your phone, I didn’t write it all down for nothing.”
“How did you sleep?”
"Yes," answered Sherlock briefly, and got up. "Might be a serial killer. I know you can't come, you're working from one to seven," he continued before John could say exactly that. "I'll text you if I need you."
The blond man stayed frozen, oblivious to the voice of his friend.
But then Sherlock opened his eyes and locked his gaze with John's. The world seemed to stop around them even though John was still thrusting into Sherlock, jaw slack, his breath heavy. Even the sound their skin clasping almost felt inappropriate at the moment. It was as if the detective could read all that was going in his mind, knowing it all, and suddenly he pulled John's head down in a passionate kiss. Lost in the embrace, the emotions and the blissful sensations, the doctor didn't realize they switched positions until Sherlock broke the kiss and started to ride him. It was hard and it was fast, and John’s eyes rolled back in his head, hands grabbing Sherlock’s hips to support him. God, what a view. His wet hair, the muscles of his thighs under the effort, his red dick flushed against his stomach, and fuck the sounds he made, all for him, John could have come of that alone.
“Don’t hurt yourself, love,” he whispered. He intertwined their fingers. “Enjoy it. Concentrate on the pleasure, on this, on us.”
“I always assume myself.”
John scoffed. “Uh, no?”
Sherlock didn’t know what to answer, too confused by his situation and about what he had just done. Remembering what he had heard some boys talk about in high school, he went to take a cold shower, hoping it would help fixing his problem. He didn’t get much rest that night.
Sherlock hummed, going back to his microscope, clearly having no more interest in the conversation.
“Who’s that?” he asked.
Sherlock just grabbed his hair and pull him down for a hard kiss, his other hand fumbling to get John’s shirt off him.
“I was just testing the firmness of the membrane.”
The farewell was lost in the wind.
Just another normal morning at 221B.
would long for such a connection between them.
As they made their way to the second floor, John spared Sherlock a look. He kind of wanted to talk about how that Sally had treated him, but at the same time he knew it was common and the detective didn’t seem affected by it for a second. But then, he was excellent at hiding his emotions. John decided against bringing the subject up. They have had their dose of awkwardness in the last 24 hours.
Salad
Hello!
Lingeringly but powerfully, he pressed against the brunet’s prostate, seeing Sherlock fighting to keep his eyes open but failing under the delicious sensation. John felt a bit smug to be the only one to see Sherlock like this, to put him in that state. How beautiful he looked like this...
Two chapters left to come!
“And why couldn’t it be that something’s wrong with yours?” he asked, installing himself in his chair.
“This doesn’t answer my question, hence I believe you have no valid arguments.”
“I thought we could read and maybe watch some telly and later tonight we could go to Angelo’s,” he said instead.
The doctor dropped the lightest of kisses on Sherlock’s heart through his shirt, soothing him. “Let’s take one thing at a time.” Gently, he pushed his flatmate down so he was lying on top of him, Sherlock looking up at him with wide, dark eyes. John brushed his cheek over the line of Sherlock’s jaw, then buried his nose in the brunet’s neck and inhaled the clean, manly scent of him. He brushed his lips all along Sherlock’s throat until his shirt prevented him from going further. His hands found the buttons, opening them one by one and discovering the milky silk of Sherlock’s chest. When the piece of clothing was open, he tentatively pressed a kiss to one of those little, pink nipple offered to him. Sherlock tensed, taking a sharp breath, and John backed off a little.
“Take it slow, you’ll enjoy it more.”
“In a moment,” Angelo said, still smiling, and disappeared.
"No. You’ll see."
“Wow, how were you able to work that out? John answered, his voice dripping with sarcasm.
“Well then,” Sherlock said, turning around with no warning and getting energetically on his feet. “Use that sad little imagination of yours and come and tell me if you have an idea. I’ll be in the kitchen dissecting parrot’s ovaries. Don’t worry, I won’t use our utensils and not wash them afterwards like last time,” Sherlock said before John could open his mouth to tell him exactly that, because his mind had not fully realized what had just happened and giving a logical answer seemed easier than to try and put his feelings into words.
John felt confused, and, to be honest, a bit hurt. He was torn between letting Sherlock know if he knew he was lying or not. The man deserved his secrecy, but this just wasn’t the right way…
“I’m going to buy groceries,” he announced. “Need anything special?"
“Blimey, I wonder why.”
“I’m his flatmate,” the soldier provided.
“I need to see you, I need to touch you.”
"Look, cheekbones-"
So Sherlock shuted up.
“Relax, it’ll feel better,” John told him soothingly, rubbing his thigh with his free hand.
They finally reached their flat. John never let go of Sherlock’s hand, guiding him without stopping past the kitchen.
If the detective had any reaction, he didn’t let it show.
“Sherlock."
Really, it was most weird having this conversation with Sherlock still in that position.
“Another blog post? Don’t you think people are tired of your stories already? You make them all so…” he made an unclear gesture with his hand. “fanciful. You don’t develop enough what’s relevant.”
“We could invite Mrs.Hudson for a game of cluedo.”
“I… don’t know, I just woke up,” John said slowly, looking into Sherlock’s eyes which looked back at him intensely. Every time Sherlock looked directly at him, actually, even if it happened rarely, it was just so strong, so passionate in a sort of way, like everything Sherlock did, and it just left John breathless. To have all that beautiful mind and all that attention just for him, just for a second, was humbling, somehow. And John didn’t want to admit it, not even to himself.
“Tight is good for you, isn’t it? Give me more.”
“What are you doing?” he asked with an alarmed voice. “You are going to ruin the whole operation! We’ll have to start over.”
I hope you'll enjoy it!
John rolled his eyes.
“If you don’t feel comfortable doing it, it’s alright. We don’t have to do anything you don’t want.”
“I wasn’t sure this experiment was going to work,” he said.
It hadn’t happen without obstacles and frustration, of course. Dating Sherlock was no easy thing. The man was impossible, both in amazing and hair tearing ways. Lack of good communication had almost broke them off; Sherlock didn’t really see the relevance of saying some rather important things to John. Four days off on a case with leaving no notice for anyone, too lost in the adrenaline of resolving a mystery had John and Lestrade and Mycroft losing their minds looking for him. He came back home only to comment on their ridiculousness: of course he was going to go back home. Another time he had try to look for evidence on a bomb that was going to explode in less than a minute. Yes, John was more than ok with being exposed to danger, but there was being exposed to danger and stupidity. After Sherlock ended up spending three weeks in the hospital, the doctor got pretty angry with him for not taking care of himself. Of course, the detective got mad, he was an adult, he should be able to take his own decisions, he wasn’t
What an awful waste of brain space that would be, Sherlock thought.
“I was bored, you were out. There’s not much to do around here, you know. It’s dreadful,” the detective sighed dramatically.
“Well, if you have any more, er, concerns, you can tell me about it if you want,” Sherlock said, looking down at his cup.
“Mycroft,” the detective said after an over exaggerated sigh. “Couldn’t find the Queen’s feet to kiss so you had to settle to mine? How flattering.”
“Course you’re not.”
Sherlock was sitting on the edge of the bed with John on his lap. Two hands were cradling his cheeks, holding him carefully but lovingly as if he were the most precious thing in the world. John rubbed their noses together, slowly, nuzzling into Sherlock like he needed to ground himself in the moment, to take in everything around him because it felt surreal. Sherlock understood, because he felt the same way. The tenderness, the sweetness of it felt more intimate than anything they had ever done. There were no words to describe the strength of it. The detective could feel John’s slow, even breaths fade against his cheek. The warmth of John’s skin pierced through the layers of their clothes and brought him a sort of soothing comfort. The doctor pressed their foreheads together, simply holding Sherlock for a minute, before he tilted his head and pressed the most gentle of kisses on Sherlock’s lips. He took his time, remembering how nervous Sherlock had been the previous night even if he hadn’t let it show too much. John knew. It was as if all Sherlock felt, John could feel too. At that moment, he felt he could read Sherlock, analyzing him like Sherlock normally did to him. And he knew Sherlock was nervous. Trusting, but nervous. That fact made John nervous, to have all that faith put in him. But he thought that if he could do anything right, it was this, because nothing had ever felt right like this before.
“Er, let me take a better look?” John suggested with a pointed look.
“Did you just fart?” Because the man was never going to admit it unless it was pulled out of him.
“Yes,” John laughed softly. “Hiding things in the pantry isn’t very secretive for the person who gets the groceries. Don’t worry, mate, those movies are quite good, I like them too. Actually, tons of people do. You don’t have to be ashamed about it.”
“Like an experiment,” John said and smiled back, referencing to the first time they texted.
“Deduce it,” he answered, and passed his fingertips along the length. He brought one of the little beads of cum to his tongue, unable to resist the urge. Sherlock stared at him from the corner of his eye as John sucked on his index. The detective was hypnotized, mouth gaping. Then he closed it to moan when John started pumping his shaft, slowly, stroking the head with his thumb on each way down. He resumed his forgotten job at marking the brunet’s neck, smirking when he felt fingers curl in his hair. He moaned encouragingly when he felt Sherlock rock into Joh’s palm and back against his dick.
John got up, aiming to clap his friend on the back and bid him good night. He was very taken aback though when he felt stiff arms encircling his waist. Very. Awkwardly.
The latter raised his head sharply, looking at John with clear surprise.
“You are,” Sherlock said with the same voice he used when he had asked John if he was alright a few days ago. After a couple of seconds of stillness, John turned around and grabbed Sherlock’s tea, passing the cup to him. Of course, he didn’t say thank you. He just took it, still looking at John, before he suddenly looked down at his ovaries.
Biscuits ✓
Sherlock’s beard was itching. His hair was annoyingly determined to stay in front of his face. He had just had his first meal in days. The last thing he had slept on was a wet piece of wood. He stinked so much he wouldn’t even want to put on his Belstaff if he had it in fear of soiling it. He had been burned and cut, hit and strangled in the previous days. Tortured, tied up, chained, poisoned. But that was nothing he hadn’t experienced before. Nothing he couldn’t deal with.
John beamed in response, which made Sherlock frown. Had he not understood what he just said?
I went back to my wife, to the fussing guests, some were all over Sherlock, the rest over me. Then came the dance. Memories of Sherlock teaching me came back and left a bitter taste on my tongue when Sherlock started playing. Mimicking what he taught me, I swayed with Mary in my arms. She seemed so happy, which reminded me that I did love her, not in the way I wanted, not in the way I should, but I loved her anyway and it was good enough.
The feeling of light content that had filled me for a split second disappeared when Sherlock opened the door, nod at me and left, his coat floating behind him the way it always did when he did a dramatic exit. I smiled a bit at the familiarity, some things apparently weren't meant to change.
Hello Dr. Watson,
Mary pat my hand and whispers back: "Certainly not"
I can almost feel the ring around my finger tightening. How did I come to this, I had many months to go back, to still tell Sherlock, yet I didn't and here I am.
Well, she's not helping herself. If she knew she wouldn't let me. If anybody knew they would frown and scowl.
"Calm down…? DON'T TELL ME TO CALM DOWN. YOU'VE NEVER-"
First I'd like to thank you for taking care of the flat while I was gone. But there's one point I'd like to talk to you about…Why in god's name did you give my science equipments? And I am sure you got ride of all my experiments too…
Sherly, Sherly, Sherly,
I'll see you soon indeed.
. I stared into space for a bit, letting realization sink in, let the feeling of my heart breaking lingering a bit more as I listened to the silence Sherlock left over the assemble.
Molly Hooper
(See the end of the chapter for
I've tried everything Sherlock, I truly did, you know I did better than anyone else. But you broke him, by trying to protect him you destroyed your dear Dr. Watson.
Even Mary picked on the problem, now letting go of my hand, realizing that my hands were sweaty.
But too soon Sherlock's fingers were gone, leaving the ghost of a feeling laying over my fingers. Sherlock was contemplating me, contemplating options, deducing. He never stropped doing it to simply take things just as they were. It had to be deep and complicated.
I'm trying, I really am, but you know how stubborn your dear doctor can be, almost as much as you
I dried my hands and stared at the sink for a bit, letting the gravity of my mistake sink in, it was supposed to be the best day of my life (I can almost see Sherlock roll his eyes at this), but right now it felt like the biggest of mistake. But was I really to blame? He killed himself in front of my very eyes, played dead for two years while I was depressed at 221B, crying myself to sleep every night until I met Mary… I had to move on, to me he wasn't coming back, so it never felt like a mistake until now. I've been so relieved when I met Mary…
I recommend you get a good night of sleep because as soon as I step foot in our flat, the game is on John.
Yours dearly, Jim Moriarty
your eyes off with my spoon. You used to annoy me and torment me to no end for years, I never thought I'll ever see the end of it. But now that the end is there, I almost miss it.
Your brother won't stop bugging me, Mrs. Hudson almost lives up there now and I had to turn off my phone so
Poor man. Poor, simple, good, little John. I thought'd he'd turn bad, try to find me and kill me but…He just sat there, looking into oblivion. Not interesting. Distracting, but not interesting. I can see why you liked him so. I'm even a bit jealous (okay, I'm very jealous). He was lucky to have you, but he never had you on a leash like I did. Even Mrs. Adler didn't had you that way, she wished.
I smiled and nod, oh yes you are, William Sherlock Scott Holmes. You are. You claim yourself to be smart, you actually are, you saw through The Woman's play that she was in fact attracted to you, but you never, ever, in all those years
. But here I am getting sad over a man I never even had.
"We can't all three dance, there are limits."
Sherlock finally moved to hug me, his nose resting in the crook of my neck. I held back yet another sob and held him as tightly as my body allowed me, putting all I had in one embrace. Sherlock turned his head and took a deep breath, his hold firm on my waist.
“Do I want to know?” John said, looking up from his book. He couldn’t place the smell, but it was definitely something biological.
“God forbid you actually give in to your body’s needs,” John said good-naturedly, though he thought it sounded a bit harsh once the words were out. But Sherlock chuckled and agreed.
“Sorry, it just occurred to me. You know how sometimes you don’t remember what you dreamed about until you’re going about your day?”
“I'm not ill, Sherlock,” he said. “Or… I don't think I am. What's going on? Why are you in my bed? Didn’t you get new sheets for your bed? What's happened to my bedroom? All the furniture’s different.”
Nothing much had happened in the dreams; they had just been sitting in an old-fashioned version of 221B, much like they often did in the real life 221B. Instead of the sounds of cabs, engines, and angry horn-blowing outside, there was the occasional whinny of a horse and constant foot traffic.
“It’s… weird… like I said.”
That night, they had an unexpected case, which completely took Sherlock away from the dream experiment and anything else that had been brewing in his brain, or at least that John could tell. The case involved tracking a prominent drug dealer across nearly a dozen businesses and parks; by the time Lestrade let them go from NSY, it was somewhere in the early hours of the next morning. Due to the identities of some of the dealer’s clients, John decided he wouldn’t write up the case for his blog.
“Quite right.”
“You’ve got it,” John said, shaking Sherlock’s hand in a faux business deal.
“I see. Please do keep us informed. I shall tell my John of your visit at my soonest opportunity, which, I suppose, is whenever you wake up and you two return to your respective time periods of origin. I do hope he doesn’t think I’ve gone batty, though my words will explain the strange dreams he’s been having, as well.”
As he grew up, Sherlock’s teachers never knew quite what to think of him. Academically, he was a star student; by the time he started Year 3, he seemed to know more than they had as 1
Somewhere along his discourse, John looked down at his cup of tea, trying to find the right words so that he wouldn’t reveal any of the mutual affection that he could feel as his Victorian counterpart. When he finished, he looked back to Sherlock, who he could tell had barely blinked since John had begun. He looked deep in thought, the mysterious brown stuff under his microscope lens long forgotten.
“No, no, no,” Mrs. Hudson said as she waved a hand at him. She led them out of the apartment into the evening light, had them sit at one of Speedy’s tables, and fixed her eyes toward the horizon.
“Hey, how did you sleep without being surrounded by mold?” John teased when he arrived in the living room.
“You're not going to believe this, but-”
Maybe not: “But… this is
“I agree; completely unrelated. It’s a mystery, indeed. Even so, I prefer you having weird yet pleasant dreams over flashbacks.”
bringing this up?”
my John, after all, just a different edition of him, it would seem. But we have other matters to attend to at the moment…” he chuckled, “although, I don’t suppose it’s possible to have an affair with the counterpart of one’s partner from another dimension, is it?”
17. Taste
It was an hour later that John realized what exactly was going on.
“No, I’m not going to kick you out of your own room,” John said, rounding to the other side of the queen-size bed. “I just don’t want to be a nuisance.”
Holmes smiled, “Ah, so you and the 21
“I wasn’t going to tell you about it-”
Sitting sideways in his chair Sherlock smiled up at him. “Quite well, thank you; your bed was surprisingly comfortable. I didn’t get any different results last night, so I’m going to throw out my sheets and get some new ones. It was a longshot, anyway.”
“As long as you don’t snore or sleep violently.”
“So, I think I know what I’m about. Now then, it is your life and your decision, but… when you awake and return to your own time, I would ask that you remember your Victorian equivalents and at least broach the subject with your Sherlock; nothing ventured, nothing gained, and all that.” Holmes’ eyes took on a faraway look. “I can’t fathom living in your world, how much easier it would make things to be open about my relationship with John, not living in fear…”
(See the end of the chapter for
“Why are you calling me ‘Holmes’? We agreed to call each other by our Christian names in the bedroom on the night we were first intimate.”
future, but… I was born in 1969 and my present time is 2010. When was-”
But there would be plenty of time of analysis later. For right now, Sherlock shucked away the sweat-soaked sheets that clung to John’s body and kicked them off the bed. He thought the cool air would be pleasant for John, but he didn’t seem comfortable without a blanket. Fortunately, his own bed was quite close; with his long legs and agile toes, Sherlock tugged his bed’s blanket over to John’s bed without having to leave John to get up. He covered them both, for if he were to get any sleep, a blanket was always helpful and otherwise, sharing body heat has a naturally calming effect.
John had never been squeamish around blood, which was certainly among the more important assets in medical school and subsequently the army and the surgery. This, of course, didn’t prevent the knot in his stomach whenever he remembered the sheen of Sherlock’s fresh blood on the pavement.
“Hey, how did you sleep without being surrounded by mold?” John teased when he arrived in the living room.
he thought.
“Doubtful,” Sherlock replied as he continued to rifle, “I’d know chloroform a meter away. Although I must say I am interested in testing chloroform’s effects on the human brain first hand, so, if it came to it, being rendered unconscious by an assailant would at least be fruitful.”
“I think you will. The pattern broke last night but maybe you can pick it back up now that you’re more rested and you’ve been exposed to three hours of a nearby time period in watching
“I mean, yeah, overall, but there’s still a bit of a stigma, especially with bisexuality. I don’t even know what Sherlock’s orientation is…”
“Did you throw away that mold like I told you to?” There was too long of a pause before Sherlock started to answer in the affirmative. “Don’t. I’ll do it before we have to fumigate the entire flat.”
He takes a breath.
“Boys!” Mrs. Hudson called up the stairs, “Come quickly!”
the time, there would be fewer headaches for everyone involved.
year undergrads. Behaviorally, well… he wasn’t
“What the hell, Sherlock? That’s disgusting!”
“Stop trying to deduce me. I’ll just tell you. It’s just… I’ve had five dreams in a row this week where we… you and I, that is… we’re living in what I think is London in the 1800’s. We just sit around the flat and talk as usual… but we’re wearing old-fashioned suits and there’s no modern technology and the flat is decorated completely differently. There’s always a fire going and we drink tea religiously. We don’t go on cases, but when we do any talking, it’s more formal and we discuss your old cases, things going on in other countries, and random thoughts. That’s all of I’ve been dreaming of for most of this week. They’re all really short and nearly identical and I’m just… kind of confused. People don’t normally have five dreams in a row that are so similar, do they?”
“I want you to
“Just look at that sunset!” She sighed deeply, propped her elbows on the table, and rested her head on her intertwined fingers. John smiled, but Sherlock barely blinked before standing back up and heading back inside.
Sitting sideways in his chair Sherlock smiled up at him. “Quite well, thank you; your bed was surprisingly comfortable. I didn’t get any different results last night, so I’m going to throw out my sheets and get some new ones. It was a longshot, anyway.”
Not only the serial killer case, but Sherlock had happened to him, as well. He continued to be the main theme of John’s thoughts. After all, Sherlock had made him feel like he had had a purpose; sure, John’s medical knowledge had only been useful for about a full minute, but he had saved Sherlock and brought down a maniac cabbie. John was finally feeling alive again. When he realized this, something warm settled into his stomach; he couldn’t name it, but it was certainly affectionate. They hardly knew each other; he couldn’t call it love, not yet. But it was headed in that direction and he wasn’t going to do anything to nip it in the bud – for better or worse.
As different as their methods were, Sherlock and Lestrade both worked toward a similar goal: bringing justice to London. John was not much of an athlete anymore – rugby was long behind him – but his recent service had taught him a few things about teamwork. Standing on the sidelines when his assistance wasn’t needed, he would often observe that if the two men could at least
“Would you consider you and your John famous because of your work against crime?”
century?”
In the minutes to follow, John’s thoughts drifted a bit. They were both pretty
“Good morning, Holmes.”
Sherlock steepled his fingers, interest growing, though the pose was awkward because of his posture on the couch. “Why do you think that’s the most important part?”
The following ten messages were individual links to websites on the subject, everything from the history of lucid dreaming to music recommendations to induce it. Some college friend had brought it up to John once, but as that friend was known for believing anything he heard and developing strong opinions on his naiveties, John hadn’t paid much attention back then. But this concept of taking over a dream and making choices of your own sounded like it might be useful in their experiment.
bedroom…” Sherlock said when he finally came back to himself.
. Sherlock was married to his work and that was that. But John’s mind wandered, which is why it confused him that the dreams never showed what went on upstairs. He figured that was their bedroom, as Holmes had come down the stairs in the morning at the beginning of his latest dream.
“Hey, don’t blame me, blame my subconscious. I don’t decide what I dream about and what I remember when I wake up.”
15. Time
“Oh,” John said. “Are you planning on actually sleeping tonight?”
“I think you will. The pattern broke last night but maybe you can pick it back up now that you’re more rested and you’ve been exposed to an hour of a nearby time period.”
He knocks on the front door.
“You deleted him, didn’t you?” John said, rolling his eyes.
“They never showed up, no.”
John looked over his shoulder as they went. Sure enough, the paint of the bottom third of the door handle was more worn than the top, since Chinese Londoners, who are usually short, frequented the place; as Sherlock had explained on their way there, this meant it was a good Chinese restaurant.
“Oh… well, thank you. I will take you up on your offer, should the mood strike me.”
“Well… no…” John said, his face flushing, “why do you ask?”
Holmes’ face dropped. “I beg your pardon. It was in no way my intention to embarrass you. Homosexuality is still a crime, even in the 21
“Don’t start,” Sherlock sniffled, watching a lifeless Avogadro III as he swirled down the toilet drain, upon Mummy’s insistence. His big brother always had the same spiel for whenever one of his goldfish died. Mycroft sighed as the plumbing gurgled.
“Are you really consulting the Mind Palace about this?” John called over his shoulder.
John woke with a start; he had been about to roll over in his sleep but jerked awake to stop himself. He had learned his lesson from past naps on couches.
“Yeah. I’ve had enough to do with cabs for one day, haven’t you?”
“Why not? Unless you’d rather me sleep on the couch?”
He put the kettle on to boil, though at a higher temperature than normal.
Another quiet day faded into another quiet night, though Sherlock would have said
“Well, that’s going to change, pretty soon,” John said. Holmes’ smile at these words was so full of hope that it gave John goose bumps. “With any luck, I’ll keep having these Victorian dreams for a while; I’d like to fill you in on how things progress. Most nights I have these have really vague dreams from Victorian Watson’s perspective; this is the first night I’ve been fully conscious as myself. Sherlock and I are running an experiment right now, to see if the dreams mean anything, or if they’re correlated to anything I do in real life, like watching a movie about, er, I mean… going to the theatre and seeing a play set in Victorian times.”
"I do rather love her," said Victor, very pale.
: Infant.
What will result from compounding
"Wear the lipstick," he told her. "The red."
"Got your March?"
Dear Molly Hooper, let me tell you the story.
But all that night his body yearned for John’s, despite his efforts. He called it lustful, a word easily uttered, and opposed to it his work, his responsibilities, his position in society—his own best interests! But his body would not be convinced. Chance had mated it too perfectly, and it ached in his absence. Neither argument nor threat could silence it, so in the morning, feeling exhausted and ashamed, he telephoned to Mycroft and asked him to employ the considerable resources of his office to look into Watson’s past.
For there was the old, old problem:
"You owe me," Molly mouthed over her shoulder as she led the man away. Sherlock saluted her neatly. An instant later, he'd picked the simple lock and stepped inside the lab.
It did not matter which of them suggested what that day; the other always agreed. Trevor took off his shoes and socks and rolled his trousers up. Then he stepped upon the brown surface of the dyke and vanished. He reappeared swimming.
The instant Greg Lestrade arrived in the lab, Sherlock leapt to his feet. "Ah! Gilderoy! You've arrived. How slow you are! But no matter. I require access to room MH439, if you would be so kind?"
Sherlock ground his teeth in frustration. “Are you thirsty? Hungry? What do you need?”
"Sherlock Holmes."
Neither could think of anything else to say.
"Sir, the church bell has gone five, you'll have to release me."
"Life's a damn poor show," he exclaimed, crumpling up the Daily Telegraph he had been trying to read.
I WENT UP and down the streets
My secret: under a Mound that you shall never see.
"Not this evening, but you can wire. Wire you'll stop. ... Or oughtn't I to interfere?"
“I wasn’t.”
Molly smiled in spite of herself. She and Sherlock had had their ups and downs over the years. She'd even quite fancied him once, God help her. But they'd reached a pattern of interaction that was beginning to feel almost like a friendship, if a strange one, and Molly was glad with all her heart that Sherlock wasn’t holding a grudge against her now.
The tremor in John's hands grew stronger. "I think it feels the same, Sherlock. Please. Tell me? Does it? Is it the same?"
Sex is the curse of life.
"Because I'm not a pretty lady. You are."
And stand forever oblivious,
"No—never mind."
There were John Watson and Sherlock Holmes
"I can't find the March," he said. "Sorry."
And queens, and nothing but storing honey—
"Say when?"
"Oh, I don't know. Tea's more important than hall. It stands to reason—well what are you giggling at?—that if we follow a dyke long enough we must come to a pub."
One night, in a room in the worst den at the Docks
By undermining ambition, I did so,
For things that are new grow old at length,
Sherlock understood. He was English, after all. He suddenly felt very angry. "We must do as the world requires, and ignore our own impulses."
That made me rich. I moved on to New York.
But oh, dear God, my soul trembled, scarcely able
And you may never know,
: Good.
"How strange," he remarked. "Imagine the machinery needed to make a thing like that."
He had taken to sleeping badly during the past year, and knew as soon as he lay down that this would be a night of danger. The events of the last hour had excited him, and clashed against the certainties in his mind. How vivid, if complex, were his impressions, how the tangle of flowers and fruit wreathed his brain! Objects he had never seen, he could see tonight, though curtained in tightly. Ah to get out to them! Ah for darkness—not the darkness of a house which coops up a man among furniture, but the darkness where he can be free! Vain wish! Sherlock rose from his bed and drew the curtains and fell on his knees, leaning his chin upon the window sill and allowing the raindrops to sprinkle his hair. His tears mingled with the rain, his body sang with sorrow, and all was one.
: Oh, and I also wanted to pass along a number. Friend of mine, I think you’ll like her. Give her a ring.
"I'm Watson."
"Didn't know you were in the aesthetic push, Holmes," said Sinclare.
And I supported us by taking lodgers,
I was not beloved of the Yard,
The problem was, Sherlock reflected, that he did rather miss the lips and hands. Other parts, as well, no matter how he strove not to—to say nothing of the firmness that had, on at least one occasion, made his circle just. Cocaine he found to be the perfect antidote to the strange state of emotional fulfillment tempered by intense physical and psychic dissatisfaction that Victor so often provoked in him. It was as if the drug allowed a more perfect separation of his brain from his body; it allowed each to be stimulated in an entirely different way. He had begun to obtain his own supply of the stuff shortly after coming to London, finding he required rather more than Victor was able to provide him with. By now, he was regularly injecting himself with a seven percent solution he concocted himself. It both pleased and calmed his body, while delighting and speeding his mind. More and more often, he found himself turning to his little vial. Often when he doped he imagined Mycroft cheering him on; Victor’s fingers pushing the plunger.
He did not know what lay ahead. He was entering into a state that would only end with impotence or death. Victor had postponed it, but also, Victor had been the catalyst for it. It had been understood between them that their love, though including the body, should not gratify it, and the understanding had proceeded from Victor. He had been nearest to words on the first night at Penge, when he refused Sherlock's kiss. He had been quite right, too. Entirely right. Then had been framed the rule that brought the golden age of their happiness, and would have sufficed till death, had Sherlock not ruined it. In his despair, Sherlock could see only the perfect contentment of this half-imagined past, and the highest happiness he could dream was a return to it. As he sat in his laboratory working, he could not see the vast curve of his life, still less the shade of Mycroft sitting opposite: sitting alone and reconsidering, touched with an astonished sort of envy. Alone in his own study in Whitehall, Mycroft was wondering for the first time about the potential of the flesh to educate the spirit, as his had never been educated. Might the flesh even develop the sluggish heart and the slack mind against their will? He was suddenly, uncomfortably uncertain.
“John? Whatever is the matter?” he murmured, his voice heavy with sleep. “This is an ungodly hour to be awake, even for me, night owl that I am.” Sherlock’s words, odd as they were, lacked any semblance of sarcasm.
Choosing to ignore that, John got his mug from the cupboard. “Oh. Just thinking about some weird dreams I’ve had lately.”
“Are you dreaming about that TV show?
“John, you’re having a nightmare, wake up,” he said. John didn’t seem to be able to hear him and continued to thrash, but Sherlock pressed on. “John, you must wake up. It isn’t real. This is Sherlock, John, I’m here, you’re alright, you’re safe.”
. The thought had quietly alighted in his brain and made a nest there without him quite realizing it.
John smirked when Sherlock’s text alert jarred him from his thoughts.
John had to laugh, despite himself. “Yeah, I am, too. I guess not the
“Sherlock,” John said, smile growing. “Sherlock…” he repeats, this time a whisper. He slowly reaches out a hand towards Sherlock's face and Sherlock draws near. John cups his face with the softest and strongest hands Sherlock has ever felt.
8. Package
As nice as it was to finally be supine, he found himself missing Sherlock and they hadn’t even been apart for two minutes. For the last 24 hours, Sherlock had been on his mind nearly constantly, even before John had known his name:
Baker Street comes into view from outside the cab windows. Sherlock would have taken a shorter route had he been driving, but he had long since learned to not critique cabbies if he didn’t want to pay an exorbitant fare. There’s someone standing at the front door; even from this distance, Sherlock instantly recognizes him from Bart’s morgue. His new flatmate, or rather, potential flatmate. Nothing is set in stone yet; the man could change his mind the moment he sees 221B’s sitting room. It occurs to Sherlock that he may or may not have opened the kitchen window to vent his experiment from the previous night, but before he can worry about making a bad impression, the cab is parked and he has to find his wallet.
century Sherlock are romantically involved, like my John and myself?”
“Order whatever you want, but I’m not really hungry. Might eat in the morning.”
“Oh…” is all he can manage to work out. His mind flies to yesterday:
Sherlock smiled at him before examining something awful looking in the freezer.
“Say hello to Holmes for me,” Sherlock called up the stairs. John gave him the thumbs up before shutting his door.
The team was available later that morning, which was lucky, as they seemed to be pretty busy. His shoulder hurt just watching them carry his bed frame and mattress up all of those stairs, but he was able to carry some boxes, so he didn’t feel useless the whole time. They were efficient and handled everything with care; John was completely moved in within an hour. When they were gone, John sat on his newly made-up bed.
“I never said it wasn’t.”
“You could, but tonight the goal is just to get back on track, not necessarily to make progress.”
? I don’t watch it all that much and it’s not like any of the characters or storylines are involved.”
“No, I’m not sick, I-”
When John went into the bathroom, he was hit with an impressive stench from one of Sherlock’s dishes; it was the perfect subject-changer.
John opened his mouth to tell Sherlock to at least take his Belstaff since it was supposed to rain later, but he heard the front door slam.
His eyes returned to meet John’s and he pressed his lips together, pausing a moment to think. “If… you do decide to confess your feelings, please do not act out of guilt or pity, but out of your genuine feelings for him and in honor of my John and myself. It will not change our reality, of course, but knowing that there is a version of ourselves that are openly together would serve as a great encouragement for the John and me of this time.”
14. Siblings
“Alright, but I may or may not sleep. I’ve never had much of a sleep schedule, so I do most of my sleeping during post-case crashes. I don’t particularly want to sleep, but I know I should after such a long day.”
“Well, there’s more of it in my bed. I’m testing how it reacts with bodily oils left in one’s sheets. It’s coming along quite-”
I saw it on your Netflix recently watched list last night. Takes place in the 1920s, I believe.”
John rolled away from Sherlock onto his left side, which wasn’t very far, as it was only a double bed, but Sherlock still had to reach forward to keep contact. He put a knee on the bed behind John’s back, then eventually another, to keep himself steady as he repeated his mantra. After a minute or so, John calmed a bit; catching his breath, Sherlock ended up next to him, arm resting on the side of John’s pillow. Within a matter of seconds, John’s breath slowed down and he grew still.
“’Just… talked,’” Sherlock said, dramatically pretending to type the words into his spreadsheet. “Yes, that’s
“I’d imagine not.”
“So in the last four days, there’s been two vague Victorian dreams, one you can’t remember at all, and one non-Victorian,” Sherlock ticked on his fingers as he spoke. “Hopefully we’ll make some more progress soon.”
“They never showed up, no.”
John opened the door a bit wider. “Um, I appreciate what Mrs. Hudson did for me with the couch, but it’s not playing nice with my shoulder. Not much room, and all that. Er, so-”
From within his nightmarish flashback, John felt himself fall to the ground.
532 days. John had counted them all. He’d used the dates on his blog to do it, though he couldn’t bring himself to reading any of the entries. Then was not a time for reminiscing.
Anderson didn’t think he could be happier when he unwrapped his Christmas present to find a Blu-Ray copy of Disney’s “Dinosaur” at the Yard Christmas party. Then he saw who it was from: Sally. How she had found out about his secret passion for all things prehistoric he would never know, but he was not about to complain.
“So, now that you’re not on a case, are you going to eat something?”
If you've stuck around with this fic through my indefinite hiatus, thank you! The next chapter will be much more eventful, I promise! :)
! Right?
Bloodcurdling screams ripped through the tiny hotel room, startling Sherlock out of his skin. John had been tossing and turning restlessly in bed, but until that moment had been mostly quiet; he was now lashing out at the air and sounded like he was in the most agonizing pain imaginable. Sherlock leapt out of his chair and bolted to John’s side, ensuring that he was in no tangible danger and that he was having a flashback. While easily avoiding his blows, he grabbed John’s shoulder, not shaking him, but just to let him know he was there. He didn’t want John to suffer unnecessarily and also wanted to avoid waking up half the hotel.
“Holmes,” he said, reverting to how he had referred to Victorian Sherlock as in his waking thoughts. He had no idea what he was going to say, but he figured he should start with the basics. “This is a-”
He turned over for the third time; his mind couldn’t seem to shut off.
John eventually noticed a slip of paper containing sloppy yet somehow elegant handwriting on the kitchen counter: Sherlock would be at Bart’s for the rest of the day since there was a new liver available for him to see. There were also contact details for a team of movers who would give him a discount.
“Not flashbacks. I would have heard. I sleep very lightly when I do sleep.”
Sherlock readjusted himself in his mushy chair. “What is it?”
John somewhat reluctantly made some distance between them, scooting backward towards his side of the bed – no, not his side, the whole bed was
John knew when he was defeated.
“Well, never, bu-”
John furrowed a brow and thought about it. “I guess not. That’s a first, ever since I was invalided. I actually can’t remember what I dreamt about. I slept well, anyway.”
The week passed slowly, though not in a bad way. John and Sherlock continued to get acquainted, but there already was a sense of familiarity about them. As John predicted, they did get on each other’s nerves for various reasons and they did disagree on many things. Even so, he found that, during most of their arguments, they were smiling, if not in battling for dominance on a topic, than just for the sheer fun of the argument.
my flatmate.” Sherlock wasn’t
“John.” The name fits in his mouth like his hand in a glove. It feels like coming home after a long trip, like putting on his Belstaff on a cold day. It feels right. Sherlock wants to feel it again: “John–” and, as much as he tries, he can’t say “Watson.” Feeling a bit foolish, he contents himself to saying “John” once more, grinning harder than he has in years.
“Then you’ll need to change out of your nightshirt.” They grinned at each other.
John remained planted at the foot of the stairs while Sherlock remained seated with his fingers laced. John felt like Sherlock was going to say something more, but neither moved or said anything for about five seconds.
“Well… you can sleep with me in my bed… if you want. It’s only fair, since you did the same for me on my first night in Baker Street.”
The two men said goodnight and John climbed the stairs, hoping his face didn’t betray how hard his heart was pounding.
, the experiment is coming along swimmingly.”
“So, how was your holiday?” Sherlock asked, for once trying to be sociable, though he continued to mess around on his mobile. They were back at the Yard and Lestrade looked up from the follow up briefings on the Baskerville case to double check whom Sherlock was addressing so matter-of-factly… and sociably. “Oh, um. Good. Fine, thanks. The wife and I went to Dover for the weekend.” “Good.” “Yeah.” Silence, then more shuffling of papers and tapping on a touch screen. “You’re still as brown as a nut.” “Yeah, I’m aware, thank you.”
John could barely remember life without Harry, they were so close in age. They had never been close as far as their relationship, though, until he had met Sherlock and started blogging avidly. Somehow, his words, which weren’t even addressed to her, mended some things between them. The insights into his strange new life seemed to be proof to Harry that her brother was actually someone other than just… her brother: someone who had a life outside of wordlessly judging her, ignoring her offers of help. And though perhaps she was not ready to open herself up to him just yet, ground was being made and that was all that was important.
imagined, rather. All elbows and knees and straight lines, no roundness and with barely any meat on his bones; lovely skin with no freckles to speak of, a scar here and there. His hair was in its usual state of unruliness but seemed slightly more tamed than normal… almost as if there was some very strong hair product in it.
“Yeah, and I think this is really important. Towards the beginning of that same dream, it occurred to me that something wasn’t right. Like, I thought those words, but I dismissed it. The thought hasn’t occurred in any other dream, just that one.”
The suffocatingly dry air. The familiar smell of blood. The sound of his heart beating in his ears. It was too dark to see, but he knew what he would find. His friends being blown to bits, the fear-stricken eyes of those who remained, mud, a sky that only seemed to get darker as time wore on. More bombs. Gunshots. Screams. His own voice, screaming in pain. His left shoulder splintered open as the bullet entered his back, as easily as a hot knife through butter.
After cleaning himself up, John thought he looked presentable enough to venture down to the living room.
century, assuming the timeline there was similar to real-life history. The dreams took place in a time where homosexuality was a crime, but why did his dreams conform to that standard of secrecy? It wasn’t like it was a film that cut away when a kiss got passionate. While he did have free will similar to real life, his dreams were like a play: the scene seemed to begin and end right on cue. For some reason, he never felt the inclination to "break character" during the dreams, to change up the scene. They were his dreams, damn it, but his brain was keeping things rated U. Why did they always have to be so vanilla? Mrs. Hudson never appeared and they only discussed cases, never actually leaving the flat to solve any. There were never any policemen or clients bursting into their living room like Lestrade had done on Sunday for that serial murder cabbie case. Who were they hiding from?
John used words he didn’t know, both in conversation and in his thoughts. Names drifted into his mind that he assumed were either patients or friends; most of whom were unfamiliar, though he did recognize Stamford and his sister, who he called Harriet instead of Harry. Other thoughts included his medical practice, things he had read about earlier (though he never was able to read while dreaming), what they were going to have for supper, and Holmes. Mostly Holmes, in fact: the way his eyes looked in different lights, what sort of mood he was in, some acrid smell coming from the kitchen that he had caused, or simply how brilliant he is.
“You did sleep last night?” John asked. He hadn’t noticed Sherlock move at all the night before, but he had assumed it had been because he was absorbed in his thoughts and had no need for tossing and turning.
“I wasn’t going to tell you about it-”
John opened his mouth to tell Sherlock to at least take his Belstaff since it was supposed to rain later, but he heard the front door slam.
“Anyway…” John said, “I… actually wouldn’t mind if you ran a little experiment on this. I’m really curious about how long this will continue, if anything changes, stuff like that.”
“That hasn’t happened in a while. The nightmares stopped once I moved into Baker Street. My last one was during my last night at my bedsit.”
Even as his stomach fluttered, he gulped.
John opened the freezer door. Sure enough.
, but he wasn’t an angel, either: curious to a fault, capricious, rude, and antisocial as he was. It was a relief to all when the Holmes decided to have their boys homeschooled. Mummy was the only adult who had Sherlock’s utmost reverence.
“Memory loss? John, you are most certainly ill.”
long! I wasn’t going to tell you, but now that I'm thinking more on it, I would like to avoid sleeping there tonight to see if anything changes without a fresh dose of bodily oils; I was up all night on my laptop last night, sitting in my chair, so it wasn’t an issue. So I’ll sleeping on the couch tonight. Just in case you came downstairs and wondered.”
“What is it, then?”
Thanks for reading! Your kudos and comments mean a lot to me!
Late that morning, John woke up to an empty bed, which, he supposed, made things less weird. When he first became conscious, he knew straight away where he was and why, but he wasn’t embarrassed. Just waking up in his flatmate’s bed: nothing more than that. He sat up and rubbed his eyes; it took a full minute before all of the details of the previous day came rushing back. It had been insane, or, at least, the kind of thing you only hear about in blockbuster movies. But it had happened to
2. Opposite
“I wouldn’t let it go
Sherlock smiled in what may have been relief. “Tell me, then.”
He called the Sherlock in his dreams “Holmes,” as well as in his waking thoughts to differentiate between his two Sherlocks.
And there are stains that baffle soap.
Mycroft turned his back and continued, "We wish to proceed in the spirit of friendship. My people are most interested in learning from you, for you are far advanced in many technologies that we have only just begun to develop. We can offer you much knowledge in return! We have--"
There was a knock on the passage door. Sherlock started; Victor sprang away, but called "Come in!" with a carefully indifferent voice. A housemaid entered with hot water.
And the Sunday-school superintendent
That is a power of unison between souls
"All kinds of things, I should expect."
, yes?"
But somehow I was lost
: No, I would imagine not. But you must have impressions drawn from observations?
Sherlock growled in frustration--he'd lost track of time.
“Oh, your Mr Trevor's engaged to be married," he remarked thoughtlessly after a time, without looking up from the society page. "I will tell you the name of the lady: Anne Woods, daughter of Sir H. Woods. Hum! Not a terrible match."
MARY WATSON
: In such moments, I prefer to text.
"Expand the statement."
: Dammit. I’m coming over.
"All that deep!" he spluttered, climbing out. "Sherlock, no idea! Had you?"
You two have seen the secret together,
All during this official and – Sherlock thought – officious speech, the light shining down on Mycroft Holmes intensified. As he finished speaking, a low hum filled the air.
Sherlock groaned and pulled at his hair. He then spoke rapidly: "I received an anonymous tip through my janitorial information network that my brother is working on something--big. Having seen facility notes on the situation, I now require firsthand experience of the, er, specimen in question. Given that there is an 87.3% chance that one of you two is in fact the anonymous source" -- here, Greg shifted slightly on his feet and Sherlock shot him a sharp glance -- "I'd suggest you pull yourselves together and
: Everyone hates my flat. There is absolutely nothing to like about my flat. Why do you think I’m always at Baker Street?
"How sacrifice?"
It was ten o'clock, I was trying to get home
"Why?"
“John?” he whispered. “What—”
October, 1907
: Redundancy? Beneath you.
"Will you come out in the side-car?"
* * * * *
Sherlock laughed. “Spot on!”
Trevor shook his head as one who refuses to listen. “You imagine I don’t know—” He was trembling, and looked so ill that Sherlock had a wild desire to catch hold of him.
After a few moments, the creature stood and shuffled forwards. Its movements were slower than they had been previously, Sherlock noted, its posture more hunched.
Mycroft nodded. “I stand by that advice as both prudent and wise in a general sense. In your particular case, however, it has caused harm. I have seen it in your misery these past years. I have thought long and hard upon the matter, and have concluded that my advice to you was ill-judged, given your particular constitution and sensibilities. I apologize that I did not foresee it. I cannot give my blessing to this endeavour with Watson, exactly, but I shall do what I can for you. I am not without resources. I would only see you happy, Sherlock.”
"We want to be kind to you—naturally. When one's happy oneself one wants the same happiness for others."
In that instant, the world around him was suddenly flooded with an agonizingly bright light. He staggered, almost fell to his knees, unable to see a source.
Trying to get myself back,
To the hour of the charge through the blowing sand,
Now in the Campo Santo overlooking
They're replaced with better or none at all:
: And further, any to which you yourself may have fallen prey.
A gray-haired magnate went mad about me—
"You need me, and you know it," Sherlock said haughtily. "If this -- this case -- is everything it seems to be, you'll need all the help you can get."
Eternal peace!
: Sherl k?
Mycroft smiled icily. "Get out."
The secret of the seed—the germ.
HARRIET WATSON
"That means nothing to me. You like this style of music?"
"I need to get some air,” the creature gasped. “I haven't been outdoors in--I've no idea how long, actually. I can't tell if it's night or day, or how many days have passed. I can't breathe in here."
"Listen,” Sherlock said suddenly, earnestly. “I'm glad you wrote to me the second time. I liked both your letters. I'm not offended—you've never done anything wrong. I'll tell you straight out I enjoyed being with you, if that's the trouble. Is it? I want you to tell me. I just don't know."
Watson shrugged. “Just a notion I had. I saw you pick up the Swift, and, well. It’s a natural connection, isn’t it? I meant no offence, sir.” His words were both polite and deferential, but his keen eyes were not. He looked at Sherlock frankly, steadily, and Sherlock’s face heated under his gaze. With a tiny smirk, Watson turned and went out.
"Sherlock, you are a man of science, as am I. What would you have me do? Let him out to roam the streets of London? Imagine the panic! This creature is entirely outside of the realm of what is known to us. We simply have no idea what it is or where it came from. Think of the scientific gains to be made! Think of what we can learn from careful study."
Someone might hear him. He wept stifled in the sheets, but a terrible energy overtook him. He sprang up kicking, then struck his head against the wall and smashed the crockery. It was intolerable. Someone did come up the stairs. He grew quiet at once and did not recommence when the footsteps died away. Lighting a candle, he looked with surprise at his torn pyjama and damaged room. He continued to cry, for he could not stop, but the suicidal point had been passed, and he lay down and miraculously slept. Madness is not for everyone, but Sherlock’s first storm proved a shocking cataclysm. The storm had been working up not for three days as he supposed, but for six years. It took six full days for him to master himself even moderately again.
And the tears swam into my eyes
But neither half of me wrought my ruin.
And what was the start of it.
And he can't get work, and he can't get bread
"Sherlock—"
The Trevors lived in a remote part of England on the Wilts and Somerset border. Though not an old family they had held land for four generations, and its influence had passed into them. Victor's great-great-uncle had been Lord Chief Justice in the reign of George IV, and the nest he had feathered was Penge. The feathers were inclined to blow about now. A hundred years had nibbled into the fortune, which no wealthy bride had replenished, and both house and estate were marked, not indeed with decay, but with the immobility that precedes it. The house lay among woods. A park, still ridged with the lines of vanished hedges, stretched around, giving light and air and pasture to horses and Alderney cows. Beyond it the trees began, most planted by old Sir Edwin, who had annexed the common lands. There were two entrances to the park, one up by the village, the other on the clayey road that went to the station. There had been no station in the old days, and the approach from it, which was undignified and led by the back premises, typified an afterthought of England's.
